The Evanescence Chronicles
Volume I




Copyright 2012 by Alexandra Pelaez
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



Table of Contents

Part I: Evanescence

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5

Part II: The Mirror

Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10

Part III: Soul Cannibal

Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15

About the Author
Contact



Part I
Evanescence




Chapter 1

Hail the watcher who can see
The ones incapable of watching me
My duty starts under the eye
Of watchers mightier than I

Mercedes

I wouldn’t say I lead a double life. At least not like a superhero. A Superhero’s alter-ego is like a split personality. Like they have MPD or something. They always act differently when they’re in costume and out of costume. I don’t see any need to act any different than what I am. I hate being fake. All my life I was told I should be me and only me. Dad says there’s far too much fakeness in the world. 
That’s another difference. I don’t wear a costume. At least not one that involves tights, underwear outside of my pants, or masks that you can barely see out of. My costume is far more subtle. So subtle, I would even go so far as to say that I’m all but invisible. You can’t see me when I’m in costume. You can only see the words I type.
So, I guess quite a few of you can figure out what my costume is by now. The word “type” pretty much gave it away. Yes. That’s right. My costume is the Internet. Not a computer. But the Internet. And at the moment, I was fully in costume. 
Sitting at my desk, I watched a message flow urgently across my computer screen.
I know what you’re thinking. Why use text when there are virtual chat rooms? Well, I’ll be the first to admit that text isn’t the sexist form of communication in this day and age, but it takes very little bandwidth and a smaller pipe. A virtual chat room needs a far larger pipe to carry all that bandwidth, not to mention more security to protect it. A pipe that wide with that much security is a far more attractive target to an unwanted guest, and I definitely did not want any unwanted guests spying on my conversations. 

HarmonyRabbit42: Countess, are you sure you can get it to me by next Saturday? If Ray finds me, no one will be able to protect me. Not even the police.

Countess isn’t my real name. Rather, it’s a metaphor for the costume that I don when I’m on the Net. 
I responded quickly.

Countess776: Don’t worry about Ray, Janelle. He’s still out of town. I tracked his credit card numbers. He’s been getting drunk every day for the past week. Even if he tried to find you now, he’d probably end up crashing head first into a brick wall.

HarmonyRabbit42: I’ll keep my fingers crossed. Do you need some money to speed up the process? I’ve got some saved up.

I smiled at her offer.

Countess776: I don’t need money to hack into the Department of Motor Vehicles, I just need my computer. You know that.

There was a long pause.

HarmonyRabbit42: Will you at least accept some? I don’t think I could have ever escaped Ray without you. There must be something I can do for you.

My smile widened. She was so sweet. That jerk Ray could have had someone to love and cherish him forever. But I didn’t waste any pity on him. He didn’t deserve it.

Countess776: There is one thing you can do for me.

HarmonyRabbit42: Name it.

Countess776: Use the new identity I’m giving you to start over. Go to a nice place. You have a high school diploma now. Find a job. Find someone who loves you. Start a family. But most of all, just be happy. Do that and your debt will be paid forever.

Another long pause.

HarmonyRabbit42: Sometimes I wonder if you’re angel that God sent straight from heaven. Are you trying to earn your wings?

I blushed and looked away from the screen. I’ve been called an angel many times before. Sometimes it pleased me, but other times it embarrassed me to no end, especially if people insisted that I was. 

Countess776: I’m not an angel, I’m just a pencil. A tool. I wouldn’t ever call myself an angel.

HarmonyRabbit42: You are an angel. Don’t let anyone tell you anything different.

My blush deepened, and I found myself grateful that I was talking to Janelle over the Internet.

Countess776: I’ll have the new card by next Saturday. You just hang in there, okay?

HarmonyRabbit42: Thank you so much, Countess. God bless.

I cut the link and leaned back, stretching my legs. Sitting at my laptop for hours on end can cause some serious cramps, even to people like me who are used to it. I closed my eyes in response to the sudden wave of fatigue that overcame me. I think I may have actually fallen asleep for at least a few minutes. I don’t know. I almost never look at my clock when I’m at my computer. Time had no meaning when I’m hacking. 
Unfortunately, time had meaning to an alarm clock.
BRRRIIINNNNG! BRRRIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGG!
I sat bolt upright with a gasp that quickly turned into a groan. God, that was obnoxious. I kept telling myself to change the setting, but I get distracted easily by far more important things. With a sigh, I got up from my chair. I turned off my obnoxious alarm and looked at the clock. A small part of me hoped that I had misread the calendar and it was Saturday. But no. It was Friday. Which would be the next best thing, except for the small fact that I’d been up all night.
And I still had to go to school.
Rubbing my eyes, I padded toward the bathroom. If I at least showered and downed a mug of coffee, I could get through the day without much of a problem. I opened the door and stepped inside. 
I wondered if it was weird that I liked my bathroom more than my bedroom. When I entered, I was immediately greeted by the sensation of cool, polished black marble beneath my bare feet, as well as the gentle light from the chandelier from above. The artist in me could stare at that chandelier for hours. It almost looked like an exotic plant with delicate, silver vines weaving around a gleaming, black pearl stem. The fake candles glowed with soft, white light that reflected off the many crystals dangling below like ethereal fruit from another world.
There was a tub made of the same black marble from the floor. If I wanted, I could fill it with steaming hot water, and then add bubbles that could saturated the air with a sweet, rosy odor within minutes. Beethoven could then lull my mind with his Moonlight Sonata while I just sat back and luxuriated.
But I only saved the tub for when I really wanted to relax. Right now, what I needed to do was wake up.
I pushed aside the lacy gray curtains, shrugged out of my nightgown and stepped into the shower. I let myself enjoy the hot water for only a minute before bathing quickly. Water was a precious resource, and when I thought of all the people in the world who couldn’t even take a shower, I made sure to clean up as fast as I could before turning it off. 
I dried myself with a hot, fresh towel before proceeding to get dressed in a simple pair of jeans and white shirt. After brushing my hair and applying my make-up, I felt somewhat more awake. A mug of coffee would do the rest.
“Your shower is complete, Miss Mercedes,” an electronic, feminine voice announced. “Now that I am fully back online, I will instruct you in the dangers you are posing to your health.”
I sighed and put a hand to my forehead. “Lulu, I appreciate your concern, but I had a lot of work to do. I’m sorry I had to turn you off.”
Lulu was an AI program that my parents had installed in my room after I turned five. They originally intended for her to serve as just a computerized guardian and servant for me, but I had made several modifications to her over the years. Now she was as sentient as any program could get. Though she looked after my health and made sure my shower was running at the right temperature, she also served as a trusted confident and friend. 
“I understand what you do, Miss Mercedes, and I know how much it means to you. But how can you function properly if you don’t look after your own needs?”
“I know,” I said. “Will you spare me the lecture if I promise to eat all of my breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and get seven hours of sleep?”
“Make it eight and you have a deal.” 
“Miss Mercedes! Breakfast!”
“Coming!” I called back. “See you later, Lulu!”
“Have a wonderful day, Miss Mercedes.”
I quickly packed everything into my backpack and went down the stairs. My parents were already sitting at the dining table eating while our housekeeper Natalie tended to the countless dishes that the cooks brought out.
“Honey, did you sleep well last night?” my mother asked. She stared at me with concerned brown eyes. Everything about her seemed to add to the professional aura she radiated even before she started work, from her dark hair, pulled back in a sleek bun, to her elegant heels. I couldn’t help but envy that about her. “Your eyes look very shadowed.”
“Are you sick?” My father asked. He looked more like me with his tanned fair skin and dark blonde hair. “Natalie can take you to the doctor if you need—”
“I’m fine, Dad,” I said as calmly as I could. I even tried to smile. “I’m not sick. I guess I just had a rough night. It happens.”
That mollified them, thankfully. Normally, I didn’t pull all-nighters except in the case of an emergency. Tiredness was a small price to pay when women like Janelle needed my help.
Natalie smiled at me as she approached with a fresh coffee thermos. “Good morning, Miss Mercedes.”
I smiled back before returning the greeting. I liked Natalie. She had been the family housekeeper since I was seven, and sometimes acted like a surrogate parent when my mother and father were away on long business trips.
My mug was filled to the brim and I inhaled the rich, French aroma. I loved the smell of coffee fresh from the thermos. I always made sure to savor the smell before I added cream and sugar.
“Thanks,” I said to Natalie. 
“Eat up, dear,” she said, putting a plate in front of me. “You look like you could use the extra strength this morning.”
Tell me something I don’t know, I thought wearily. But I couldn’t deny that the breakfast in front of me made my mouth water; thick-sliced turkey bacon, fluffy scrambled eggs, fried potatoes, and buttered biscuits. Natalie put another plate topped with three large, golden pancakes on my side along with a crystal pitcher filled with syrup. Last was a bowl nearly overflowing with strawberries so fresh they gleamed in the candlelight.
“Mercedes, I want you to know ahead of time that I’ll be gone for a few weeks at least,” my father said. “I have a meeting with the Prime Minister of Switzerland, and you know how long business takes with him.”
“That’s because he’s a very cautious man, dear,” Mom said. “I thought that was a trait you appreciated.”
“Oh, it is,” my father assured her. He turned back to me. “I’m sorry you can’t go, honey. If it were spring break or something, I would take you with me.”
“It’s okay, Dad,” I said. “School’s more important. Besides, I’ve gone with you before during the holidays.”
My father’s eyes were proud. “Thank you for understanding.”
But my mother was staring at me. Almost frowning.
“Darling, why aren’t you wearing that red top I brought home for you last week?”
I looked down to hide my guilty expression. My mother had once been one of the most sought after fashion designers in the country before she decided to put her law degree to good use. She still had plenty of connections, however, and she delighted in taking advantage of them. Every week, a package always arrived for me stuffed with white boxes containing the latest designer clothes. At first, it was difficult for me to remember which red top she was talking about since this was far from the first time she bought me something red. But then I remembered. This particular top was a bright ruby red color, and made out of the finest cashmere. The material had felt incredibly soft in my hands, and I remembered telling my mother I couldn’t wait to wear it.
“Umm…it’s a little warm today, and the sleeves are long,” I said as casually as I could. “It’s difficult to concentrate on calculus when you feel over-heated. I think I’ll wear it in the fall when it gets cooler.”
It was a lie, but I didn’t want to tell my mother the truth. I told it before several years ago, and had been subjected to a three-hour long lecture. That was something I never wanted to go through again.
Thankfully, I managed to placate her.
Almost.
“Oh, of course,” my mother shook her head. “How silly of me. Spending practically every minute of every day in air-conditioned monorails and buildings…sometimes it’s so easy for me to forget what the weather is like! Don’t worry, dear. I’ll make sure to bring you something cooler in a couple of days.”
“Thanks,” I said. I wanted to protest, but the consequences for that would be almost as severe as telling her the truth.
I ate while listening to my parents chatter on about business, clients, and revenue. They asked me about my schoolwork and were pleased when I told them I got the highest grade in the class for the English test.
“Reading a lot pays off,” I told them. “I wouldn’t have done so well if I wasn’t such a bookworm.”
“Reading a lot is pointless if you don’t have a brilliant mind,” my father pointed out.
I blushed and he laughed. He knew how much compliments like that embarrassed me. 
Thank God he doesn’t know how many people call me an angel, I thought.
And speaking of that…
“Dad?” I said. “Um…have you made that donation to Women’s Aid yet?”
He frowned slightly. “No, I’m sorry, dear. Forgive me, I know how much that means to you.” He immediately fished out a checkbook and pen from his pocket. “I’ll have Daniel mail this right away.”
“No, I can take it,” I said quickly. “I don’t have any after school activities planned for this evening. I can just stop on by and drop it off.”
“If you say so,” he shrugged. “Just make sure you don’t tell anyone about it. I can’t imagine what people would do to you if they found out you were carrying around this much money in your pocket.”
I laughed. “Come on, Dad, you know I’m not that dumb.”
“You’re the exact opposite of dumb,” he corrected with a smile and handed me the check. I carefully placed it in a safe compartment in my purse. “Is today one of your volunteer days?”
“Not officially,” I replied, carefully keeping my face neutral.
“Well, everyone’s always happy to see you there,” Mom said. “And I’ll bet they’ll be extra happy when they learn you’ll be giving them more than just a few hours of your time.”
I smiled at her.
“It’s really wonderful what you’re doing, Mercedes,” Mom continued. “There are very few girls your age who would give up so much of their time to help those in need.”
My smile widened to hide my growing uneasiness. It was common knowledge that I volunteered at Women’s Aid, but my parents were utterly unaware of how deeply my aid to the people there ran. They didn’t know of the costume I donned every night, or the double life I secretly led. I hated lying to my parents, but they wouldn’t understand. Not even my father, who was Women’s Aid’s most prominent benefactor.
“I have to go now,” I said and gathered up my belongings. After bidding my parents good-bye, I headed out toward the door.
Once again, the artist in me paused for a second to glance over the door. It was incredibly tall, and made out of a crystal so clear, the sun shone effortlessly through, bathing the surrounding white marble in golden light. The dark gold lines woven into the crystal reminded me of some of the cathedral doors I witnessed while vacationing in London.
Daniel, one of our chauffeurs, was waiting for me in the driveway right beside the limousine. He smiled and waved at me. I smiled back, but with less enthusiasm than usual.
“Have a rough night, Miss?” he asked with concern when we were both seated inside.
“I’ll be all right, thanks,” I told him with enough firmness so that he wouldn’t inquire further. Daniel was nice, but sometimes he could be very nosy and if he pressed me right now, I was liable to say something I would later regret.
We rode down the street in silence. I kept the windows closed like I always did when I went to school. I made sure Daniel was occupied with traffic before I reached into my backpack and took out my comm. Holding it up to my face, I flicked the on switch. A thin beam of light entered my retina, enabling me to see my desktop. Comms were such nifty little gadgets. Over the past ten years, they had gotten cheaper so more and more people could afford them. While I never liked to flaunt my possessions, I have to admit, I was very proud of my personal comm. Not only was it state-of-the-art, but I had been adding new extensions and features to it since the day I bought it.
Activating my private email account, I quickly typed out a message.

Caroline,

I’m stopping by tonight. I probably won’t be able to stay long. Just wanted to give you a heads up.

Best,

Mercedes 

“We’re at Harvard Lane now,” Daniel alerted me.
“Thanks,” I said and stepped out, backpack in tow.
I never took the limo all the way to school. For one thing, walking down Harvard Lane was an experience in and of itself. If I made a right on the first intersection, I could cross a stone bridge that curved over a lake with water that was the shade of polished turquoise. The bank was dotted with wildflowers of every color you could imagine. There were also several ancient oak that made me think of the Ents in Tolkien’s The Lord of the Rings. 
For another, I hated the thought of showing up to school in a limo. It just seemed so…so…
“Mercedes!”
I hadn’t realized I had been lost in my own thoughts when the sound of my name being called jerked me back to reality. I looked up ahead and saw a tall boy of seventeen standing in the middle of the bridge. He ran up to meet me, grinning.
“Good morning!” His voice was enthusiastic.
I grinned back, unable to help myself.
“Good morning, Sam.” My smile faded a little. “Were you waiting for me for long?”
“Nah, just a few minutes.” He smiled again, and there was more than just friendliness in it. “You look really great today.”
“Thanks,” I said. My voice was sincere, but I didn’t blush at the compliment. Mostly because I felt inwardly sad.
Sam Kimball was one of my closest friends. He had a very sweet, caring disposition. He was the kind of guy who would do anything for anyone he considered a friend and wouldn’t expect so much as a thank you in return. This coupled with the fact that he was undeniably cute made him irresistible to several girls at my school.
Except I wasn’t one of them. I saw him as a friend, but I felt no attraction to him. But it was painfully obvious that he felt something for me. I knew I should have told him I didn’t feel the same way a while ago, but I dreaded the sleepless nights I would face, wracked with guilt as his hurt gaze stabbed my conscience over and over again. 
“You look good too,” I added almost pathetically. It was true, though. His attire was casual, but it flattered his lean frame. His new haircut also brought out the angular lines of his face and kind gray eyes.
I knew he looked a lot better than me today. Remembering what my mother had told me about my shadowed eyes, I felt even more embarrassed at the compliment he just paid me.
You always look good in his eyes, my inner voice whispered.
To me, that was an incredibly vain thought. I tried avoiding those as best I could. Even if no one could hear my thoughts, I was still ashamed at my own presumption.

***

Shadow

I walked down an alley concealed in shadows that shielded me from mortal eyes. Though I possessed an arsenal of other stealth techniques I could use to keep hidden, it was uncommon for mortals to walk these streets at night. Rumors of dangerous things kept them at bay and for that, I was grateful. I did not wish to silence anyone tonight. Though silencing did not mean killing, it took up time. And I would not be late.
 My burden lay atop my shoulder; broken, bound, and helpless. He had put up a fight, but I emerged the victor. His many cuts and broken bones were already beginning to heal, but the shot of concentrated garlic I injected him with would keep him unconscious for the next twenty-four hours. When he awoke, he would be interrogated. When found guilty, he would either be put to death or erased from existence.
I did not pity him in the slightest.
When I got to the end of the alley, I reached out with my senses to make certain I was utterly alone, save for my prisoner. Upon being satisfied that I was, my bloodstained hand reached out to gingerly touch the wall. Solid cement. Very strong. It would do. Reaching into my pocket, I retracted my Chaos wand while my fangs extended. I pricked my thumb and smeared the blood on the tip of the wand. I slashed the wall twice with the wand and opened a portal. Stepping through, I walked down another alley.
This one was very different, however. No mortal could ever hope to navigate through here due to the darkness. Also, the surrounding sensors would be able to detect an incessantly beating heart. If any vampire currently residing here did not kill the intruder, the laser cannons would.
An electronic voice stopped me when I neared the end of my journey.
“Welcome home.”
Knowing I was being watched, I kept my face utterly blank, showing none of the loathing churning in my stomach. The wall in front of me opened horizontally. I paid no attention to the guards, wanting to get this over with as soon as possible. None of the surrounding vampires welcomed me. They had far more hateful ways of acknowledging my existence.
“Outcast…”
“Heretic.”
“Traitor.”
If they wanted my attention, much less a fight, they would be sorely disappointed. I continued walking, and spared no one a glance. None of my allies resided in this nest, so there was no reason for me to direct my eyes other than right in front of me.
Unless someone wanted to start a fight. If they did, I would smell it. And they would be dealt with.
A guard let me into the inner sanctum after I showed him my ID. His gaze flickered to my prisoner.
“Someday, that’ll be you,” he hissed.
“Get out of my way.” My voice was barely above a whisper, but my tone was enough to let the guard know he was dealing with a vampire who far surpassed him in age and skill. He stepped aside and let me in, staring after me with a mixture of loathing and terror.
Being used to routine, I wasted no time in following it. I dropped my prisoner at the feet of the vampire sitting in a luxurious chair. Then I knelt.
Fifteen minutes later, a coldly amused voice spoke.
“Stand up, Harijan.”
I am not Harijan. I am Kshatriya.
But I did not say so out loud. Instead, I obeyed, rising to my feet in a single, fluid motion. My eyes remained locked on the head vampire, Xavier. He was a very tall man, even taller than me. His dark, old world clothing was impeccably clean and tailored; the exact opposite of my battle-worn garments. His long blonde hair cascaded down his back. I could see why females, both vampire and human threw themselves at his feet whenever he so much as entered their line of vision. His features could have been carved from marble, and his skin shone like a full moon. His black eyes clashed with his hair, but they radiated the ancient power of an elite. 
If you injected me with a thousand grams of silver before locking me in a room filled with garlic gas, I would never confess to envying him. I did envy him, but not for his beauty or his station. I envied him for his near unlimited freedom. 
He laughed. “What, you won’t fight for your true title this time, Outcast?”
Outcast. It meant the same thing as Harijan, but for some reason it enraged me even more. Not that I would ever give Xavier the satisfaction.
I gestured to the bound prisoner. “The Wasp at your mercy, as you requested.”
“Yes,” Xavier mused. He stood up and approached the prize I caught for him. “Wasp,” he murmured almost gently, but the sadistic satisfaction in his expression was unmistakable. “You thought you could get away with it, didn’t you? You thought you could just go about your merry life after staking one of my beloveds. How very, very wrong you were.”
Beloveds. Hearing Xavier say that word nearly made me laugh. I quickly glanced at the two female attendants flanking their master: beautiful and half-naked. They wore no make-up. They didn’t have to. To Xavier, their subservient, adoring expressions made them more appealing than the most expensive in existence.
Beloveds. They were whores, pure and simple. And I knew that for all the personality they revealed to Xavier, they may as well be robots.
“My Harijan has brought you to justice,” Xavier continued, circling the Wasp like a vulture. “What kind of reward do you think he should get?”
Your head, you miserable bastard, I thought. However, I was anything but naïve. Xavier’s death would not give me the freedom I wanted. But the satisfaction of seeing his head on a pike would suffice. Beggars couldn’t be choosers, after all.
“Oh, what’s that?” Xavier knelt on his knees, leaning his right ear toward the Wasp’s prone form. “You think I should give him a Bloodless card?” He gasped dramatically, putting his hand to his mouth. “But that…that would be heresy! How could any sane person suggest such a thing?!”
My jaw tightened. A Bloodless card was a passport to the most extravagant areas in vampire society. Only the most prominent elites like Xavier were allowed privileges like that. It was every Untouchable’s dream to explore such places. 
Untouchable. That was a title I preferred greatly over Harijan or Outcast. It suited me.
“That’s right, Wasp.” A chilling whisper. “You were never sane.”
Xavier rose to his feet and regarded me.
“Then again…you have served me well. I do not believe anyone could have brought Wasp to justice as quickly and efficiently as you did. And it is not uncommon for any member of the elite to allow their poor, overworked servants a little vacation every now and then, even if it involves allowing them get their filthy hands on a Bloodless card for a day.”
“I am not your servant,” I hissed. “I serve the royal family.”
Before I could blink. Xavier was right in front of me, hand gripping my throat.
“My, aren’t we getting pretentious,” he drawled.
If I were mortal, I would be choking. Unless Xavier decided to tear my head off, I was in no danger of suffering permanent injury. My hands reflexively grabbed his arm. He was centuries older than I, but I was far more skilled in combat. I feared him far less than I feared death, and I did not fear death in the slightest.
I continued to grip his arm, letting him see the depths of my contempt, my hatred. I bared my fangs and grinned.
“Kill me, bastard,” I whispered.
He threw me against the wall. Had Xavier not been older than me, I would have gotten my bearings in less than a second. Instead, I felt a hideous pain as liquid fire was splashed on my face. My hands clutched my eyes, but I only succeeded in injuring them, too.
 “Kill you?” Xavier’s hateful voice rang in my ears. “Why would I kill such an amusing court jester?”
He roared with laughter along with his whores while I lay in a pitiful heap on the ground, fighting the screams. It was impossible not to groan, but as I said before, beggars could not be choosers.
“My opinion has not changed, Harijan. You don’t need to be killed. You need to be rewarded.”
My eyes were beginning to heal. The garlic had not been concentrated. I looked up and saw Xavier holding out a card through blurry, red vision.
“Take it, Harijan.”
I saw the insignia of the royal family on the card. It was not false. It was a genuine Bloodless card. And I knew Xavier had taken it off of Wasp.
“Take it,” he whispered.
I blinked at him, and then extended a trembling hand. Xavier’s eyes were hungry. Hungry for my need, for my humiliation. My burned fingertips grazed the edge of the card. With it, I could access everything like an elite. I could have all the freedom I wanted. No one would be able to take the card from me if Xavier gave it to me willingly. The consequences for stealing one were unthinkable. Many of my comrades had grown desperate enough to attempt such a feat and I never heard from them again.
He’s giving it willingly, my treacherous inner voice whispered. Live like an elite if only for a day. You deserve it far more than this miserable bastard ever will. Pride is such a small price to pay.
My fingers gripped the card. I was surprised Xavier did not yank it away and then extend it again. I pulled the card away, and it was in my hand.
“Enjoy, Harijan.” Xavier’s whisper grew so low and silky even my superior hearing had difficulty comprehending his words. “Enjoy as you—”
He never ended the sentence. A loud snap cut him off.
I opened my hand and turned it over. Two pieces of a Bloodless card fell to the floor at his feet. They made an almost dainty clank.
Slowly, I stood up, proud and tall. My face was still burning, but I barely felt it. Perhaps I was mad, but I found the sight before me highly amusing. Xavier’s whores were twice as pale as they normally were, and their expressions accurately conveyed the amount of brain matter they possessed: less than none.
And Xavier…I had never seen him more furious. I braced myself for a fight to the death. Had any of his underlings been present, such a battle would have been inevitable. A vampire of his position could never afford to show weakness else the royal family would not hesitate to strip him of his position.
The rage drained from his face until it was as blank as stone. A slight smile curled his mouth.
“Very well, Shadow.” His voice was almost pleasant. “You could have lived like an elite, but I was always an advocate for free will. If this is your decision, I will respect it.”
I just stared at him. He used my real name. He had never done that before. I did not know why, but hearing him call me by my name set nerves I did not know I possessed on red alert.
“You have served me well,” Xavier said. He tilted his head toward the door. “You may go. I will call you if I require your services again.”
I continued to stare at him. His face remained perfectly controlled. Almost pleasant. This was a ruse. He was planning a punishment. He would tear me apart the second I turned my back.
I stayed that way for nearly ten minutes. Xavier didn’t move a hair. I knew I would not win this battle of wills. No matter. It was my time. I was not afraid.
I walked away.
Five minutes later, I was standing on a human street, wondering why I was still alive. And I almost felt…disappointed.

***

Mercedes

My parents didn’t want me to go to Morgana High School after I left the eighth grade. They said it was too crowded, too dirty, and I wouldn’t get a proper education. It took me months to persuade them to let me go. Eventually, I had to resort to outright begging, but it was worth it. I had looked up Forks, the private school they wanted to send me too, and balked within the first five minutes of my research. Everyone who went there was a complete snob. They spoke of Forks as if it were God’s gift to humanity and anyone who didn’t go there was just a stupid, retarded plebe not fit to lick slime from their boots. Morgana on the other hand was a different story. 
“Hey, Mercedes!”
Amidst the crowd, a pretty black girl with curly hair and perfect white teeth that I always envied came up to us. 
“Hey, Nadine!” I smiled at her. Nadine Sanchez and I had been friends ever since our freshmen year. We had collaborated on a report for English class, and ended up bonding over our love for Robert Frost’s poems. It was amazing how literature could bring two people together. “How was the math homework last night?”
“Not as difficult as it was the night before,” she sighed.
“You could have called me and asked for help if you were stuck,” I pointed out.
“I didn’t want to bother you,” Nadine said. “Besides, I always get B’s in math. It’s just meant to be. Like you always get A’s in every…freakin’…subject.”
“Mercedes.” Another girl stopped in front of us. She was black-haired and had a tan that looked rather fake. “Have you reconsidered? Will you join the cheerleading squad?”
I sighed. “Lindsey, I’ve told you countless times. Cheerleading’s just not for me.”
“Says the girl who always impressed the coach with her cartwheels and back flips in gym class!” Lindsey exclaimed.
“I stopped taking gymnastics lessons three years ago,” I protested. “If I auditioned, I would only end up crashing into everyone and making a total fool of myself. C’mon, Lindsey, you’re head of the cheerleader’s club. You know Catherine has been dying to try out for months.”
“Catherine?” Lindsey wrinkled her nose. “That shy little twat who can’t even make eye contact with the person she’s talking with?”
“She just needs a bit of encouragement. You know how good she is at gymnastics. Look, Lindsey, just talk to her, please. I promise she won’t let you down.”
Lindsey pouted, but then sighed. “All right, I’ll take your word for it,” she said and walked away.
Sam frowned at me. “I thought you still practiced gymnastics.”
“Only once a week,” I countered. “You have to be completely devoted if you want to get really good. I just do it in passing now because it’s still kind of fun.”
“Not so fun when those dippy cheerleaders keep salivating over you.” Nadine rolled her eyes. 
“Hopefully, they’ll stop now,” I muttered.
Periods one and two passed by in a blur, thanks to my still-present fatigue. Third period was History, which I dreaded the most and not because I hated history. I loved it. And much as I liked Morgana, I would be lying through my teeth if I said it was a perfect school. Sometimes they hired really lousy teachers and Mr. Price was one of them. It was a shame, really. He had a vast knowledge of history, but he specialized in putting as many students down as he could, rather than trying to encourage them to do well. I hated teachers like that. Because of my tiredness today, I decided to just shut him out.
My eyes were halfway closed when a ruler slapped against my desk.
“Ms. Strand.” A sneer of contempt twisted his otherwise handsome features. He stared at me as if I were a worthless bug that needed crushing. “Perhaps you can tell the entire class the name of one of the radical Republicans who attempted to enforce change during the Reconstruction Period.”
Had I not been so tired, I would have glared at him. We weren’t due to study the Reconstruction Period for weeks, and everyone present knew it. Price was just trying to humiliate me. 
I sighed deeply and bowed my head, as if I were embarrassed. Then I spoke.
“William G. Brownlow. He was considered one of the fiercest opponents of the Confederacy prior to the Civil War and the Reconstruction Period. Before he was elected Governor of Tennessee, he was a Methodist preacher and publisher of the anti-Confederate newspaper Knoxville Whig. He believed that the Confederates and anyone who sympathized with them were traitors who deserved no mercy even after the South surrendered. ‘Let them be punished—let them be impoverished—let them be slain—and after slain, let them be damned!’ he wrote in his newspaper. He ordered Confederate soldiers who tried to come home after the war to swear an oath to the United States, and then he had them assassinated. When a few Democratic State Legislators refused to vote for the Fourteenth Amendment, he had them arrested and threatened to shoot them if they didn’t change their minds. Both his ruthlessness and his actions earned him the nickname ‘Bloody Bill Brownlow.’ Then there was Daniel Phillips Upham who drove the Ku Klux Klan—”
“ENOUGH!”
There was a hushed silence A Price’s shout. Situations like this had happened many times before in History class, but they never got boring. Not to me, or my fellows students.
Price looked like he would have loved nothing more than to smack me until I cried. But that was so beyond wishful thinking on his part, it wasn’t funny. With a growl, he walked away, but not before I caught the words, “spoiled little rich bitch.”
After I set foot outside of History, I heard a whistle on my right. 
“Damn, that was cool. That never gets old, Mercedes, you know? It’s one of those bright stars in the bleak night sky that is high school.”
It was Taylor Berenson, one of the star players on the football team. He was also one of the cutest guys at school. 
“Well, you can’t deny that you owe this school quite a bit,” I pointed out. “I mean, you’re going to college on a football scholarship. You won’t have to pay a thing.”
“Okay, that’s another bright star,” he amended. He gave me a pointed look. “You won’t have to pay a thing either.”
I looked away uncomfortably.
“Hey, I didn’t mean…” He put a hand on my arm. “I’m sorry, I know you don’t like people talking about your…never mind. I was just saying you won’t have to pay for college anyway, ‘cause you’re gonna be valedictorian.”
I winced inwardly. Ever since I entered my senior year, the rumors of who would be valedictorian were spreading like a wildfire. Due to my average, I was currently the top candidate. 
“That’s not a given,” I said. “Anything can change.”
“Your grades won’t change. If they do, they’ll just get higher.” He smiled a smile that was known to break hearts wherever he went. “I hope you’re not mad at me, but I entered a few betting pools on who it would be.”
My eyes went wide. “Taylor—!”
“You’ll get it,” he assured me. “And if by some slight non-existent miracle that you don’t…” he shrugged, smile widening. “It’s nothing to worry about. You know I’ll always love you.”
I couldn’t help but feel flattered by his flirting since I knew it was sincere. Sam and Taylor liked me for who I was, rather than for my money. 
“Mercedes!” A small group of girls waved at me. “Thanks for taking down Price again!”
“You made my day!”
“I owe you lunch tomorrow!”
“Speaking of lunch…” Taylor stopped walking and looked at me rather intensely. “Practice was cancelled today. I have the evening free. You want to grab some dinner at say, six tonight?”
I stared at him. He was incredibly cute. His Vietnamese mother had given him unbelievable exotic looks, and like Sam, he had very kind eyes. But also like Sam, I just didn’t feel anything deeper for him other than friendship.
“I’m sorry, Taylor, I can’t.” I tried to look as regretful as I could. “I promised Caroline that I would stop by Women’s Aid tonight, and you know how long I end up staying when I go there. I’m so sorry.”
He looked disappointed, but also understanding. “No problem. Maybe some other time.” He frowned suddenly. “By the way, I’ve been meaning to ask you…how can you always give such detailed answers when Price asks you questions from material we haven’t covered yet? I mean, I know you do all that extra studying on the side, but all of your answers are so damn detailed. It’s like you’re psychic or something.”
My heart was racing. I wasn’t psychic, of course, but he wanted to know something about me that no other living person knew. And he couldn’t.
I shrugged and said casually, “I’m just lucky. I like watching historical documentaries every now and then, and when a topic is particularly interesting it just…stays with me.”
Not the truth, but not a lie either. I said good-bye to Taylor and proceeded to go to computer class early. My feelings regarding computer class were paradoxical. I found the lessons to be unbelievably boring, but it was the class where I accomplished anything truly useful. Maybe that was arrogant, but I would be lying if I said otherwise. Compared to computer class, every other class was merely white noise. Oh, I would do my best in them and always received satisfactory grades, but none of them held a candle to computer class.
I opened the door and saw Mr. Petrie sitting at his desk. He was a small, portly man, but he was the exact opposite of Price. He actually cared about his students and did everything he could to help them if they were in need of it.
“Good morning,” I greeted.
His eyes lit up when he saw me. “Oh, good morning, Mercedes!” He practically jumped up from his desk and rounded the corner to greet me. “How are you to…” He stopped short, eyes widening in concern. “Mercedes, are you well today?”
“I’m fine,” I assured him. “Just had a bit of a rough night.”
“Do you need to go home? I could write you a note—”
“No, really, I’m fine,” I said. “I’m not sick, I promise.”
He looked like he wanted to insist on writing me a note, but then relented. “Well, if you’re certain…”
“I am,” I said. “And I uploaded the outlines for middle-grade XHTML-7 that you asked for. You can find them in your Cloud account.”
Cloud or “the Cloud” as some people liked to call it was the name of a global Internet database where you could upload just about anything. In this day in age, everyone who used the Internet had an account with the Cloud.
I’ve always loved seeing Mr. Petrie’s face after sending him a lesson plan of my own making. To him, I may as well be handing over a million dollars.
“T-thank you,” he stammered. He immediately went over to his desk to open up the files. 
I knew that would occupy him for the next fifteen minutes or more, so I took my usual seat in the middle of the classroom and loaded up the computer. My eyes missed nothing as they scanned the code dancing across the black screen. My mind remembered almost everything.
I don’t like getting too deep into techno babble since a lot of people wouldn’t understand. So I’ll just say that I know computers. Don’t ask me how I know, I just do. I’ve known them ever since my parents first let me have one when I was five. My knowledge only expanded after that to the point where I not only knew my computer, but how to get into other people’s computers.
And how to control them.
I’m one of the greatest hackers in the world. How do I know this?
Well, I never joined a secret underground hacker’s club where tech geeks just sit in moldy couches, eat chips, drink beer, and dream up of ways to shut down the government. But every Sunday before I go to bed, I spend three hours monitoring the activities of said secret underground hackers. Some of them have incredible skill, but so far, I can count on one hand how many are better than me. And I’ve never needed their help with anything hacking related. All the information in the world was already at my fingertips. Not to mention I used my hacking talents for something other than a potential government shutdown.
I opened up Microsoft Word 2045, and proceeded to construct an outline for another lesson plan for Mr. Petrie. This one was for the students in the Operating Systems class at Harvard University. Mr. Petrie had taught there several years ago before his brother took over. Since it was considered the hardest class at Harvard, sometimes otherwise incredibly bright students needed the language broken down into something less complex so they could better understand it. It was my personal pleasure to do that. I hated it when people tried to be as verbose as they could in order to make themselves look smarter. Before I started planning lessons, Mr. Petrie had told me that over a third of the students who had originally signed up left the class before they could fail. Now only two or three left if any. 
Since I liked to keep my hacking talents as secret as possible, I turn down at least five invitations a year to fly to Harvard to be wined and dined, and to accept the gratitude of the school board as well as countless students. It was a shame. I would have loved to meet them all in person. Touching someone’s life in a positive way gave me an unrivalled feeling of goodness and accomplishment. I didn’t want to completely shun them, so I set up a dummy email account with my code name ‘Countess’. Meeting them when I was in my costume was better than not meeting them at all. It amused me that some of them tried to hack into my computer to find out who I really was, but none of them ever came close.
The students started to file in, but I was too absorbed in what I was writing to notice. I had planned this lesson last week and barely forgot a single detail, even as my mind sifted and examined new ideas all on its own accord. I quickly wrote them down, but I didn’t need to worry about forgetting them. I rarely forgot anything. That’s what Taylor came so close to figuring out not an hour ago. I don’t exactly have a photographic memory, but if you want an estimate, I remember about eighty percent of everything I see and hear. I considered my mind to be my greatest weapon.
As Petrie lectured, I took a moment to think about a particular idea and noticed some classmates glaring at me out of the corner of my eye. Outside of computer class, I was often an object of envy and loathing for several students due to the money my family had. Inside computer class, I was an object of envy and loathing for my money and my computer skills. There were some friendly people here, but a majority of them hated the fact that I never listened to Petrie, but still got the highest grades on projects and tests. They also hated that Petrie supposedly let me get away with murder. If you ever zoned out in his class, he would lecture you in front of everyone. I was a different case for reasons I felt no one else needed to know but Mr. Petrie and I.
“Hey…rich bitch.”
Irritation crept up my spine. I knew that voice. It was Lydia Walker, ones of the best violinists in the orchestra and the most beautiful girl at Morgana High. She had gorgeous, long red hair, eyes like chocolate, and a figure that the most highly paid supermodel would kill for. 
She was also a complete bitch. 
I ignored the whisper and continued to work.
“You think you can ignore me, you spoiled little whore?” A venomous hiss. “You’re not getting Taylor, do you hear me? I’ll smash your goddamn face in before I let you get your filthy slutty hands on—”
“Ms. Walker!”
The entire class jumped at Petrie’s bark. He was bearing down on Lydia with a very cold expression.
“Would you care to repeat what you just said to Ms. Strand?”
Lydia’s face had gone so pale, her freckles were standing out like splotches. She still struggled to maintain a scrap of dignity when she replied.
“I’m…not sure what you mean, Mr. Petrie.”
Petrie scrutinized her as the entire class held its breath.
“Very well, Ms. Walker. If your words were so despicable that you are too ashamed to repeat them out loud, then I won’t make you.”
Lydia relaxed, but Petrie wasn’t done.
 “But you will have plenty of time to ponder what you said when you serve detention with me after school.”
He may as well have slapped her. “But…Mr. Petrie…I have to rehearse! The fall concert is in--!”
“You can make up whatever excuse you want to your teammates,” Petrie said sternly. “But you will serve detention with me this evening, or you will be suspended.”
It was a no-win situation. Everyone in Morgana’s orchestra had a reputation for never getting detention, suspension, or any grade lower than an A-. They were like cheerleaders in a lot of ways, and they had a reputation that couldn’t afford to be tainted.
For a moment, I thought Lydia would refuse. Her temper wasn’t explosive, but she loathed it when she was forced to do something she didn’t want to do. She was used to giving orders to her fellow musicians and classmates, and she always expected instant obedience. But this time, she was forced to swallow her pride.
“Yes, Mr. Petrie,” she said through gritted teeth.
“Good.”
 Petrie continued with his lecture, while I continued with my lesson. When I looked at the clock, I saw the class would be over in fifteen minutes, which disappointed me. My schedule was so packed I only had time to write lessons down in computer class. I wish I had more time to work on them. With these lessons, I was actually helping people improve their lives. It was the reason that computer class was my top priority in high school.
The bell rang and I packed up my things.
“Mercedes?”
Mr. Petrie stopped me before I could walk out the door.
“I’m very sorry,” he said with genuine remorse.
I shrugged. “Don’t worry about it. I can handle Lydia.”
“I believe you can.” His expression suddenly brightened. “That new lesson was absolutely phenomenal! Professor Stewart is going to be very pleased.”
I smiled. “I’m glad.”
“You know Mercedes…” Petrie inched closer, and his tone grew persuasive. “You don’t have to be here if you don’t want to. I’ve already asked the faculty at Harvard if they could accept you early, and they were surprised I felt that I even had to ask.”
I sighed inwardly. “Mr. Petrie—”
“Your knowledge of computers is unrivalled, Mercedes. You could teach this class better than I ever could!”
“Mr. Petrie, you know how bad a public speaker I am. I can write pretty well, and I can have an intelligent conversation with people, but standing in front of an entire class and teaching them is an entirely different matter.” My voice grew lower. “And I don’t want to rush my life. I’ll go to college in my own time. When I feel it’s the right time.”
Petrie sighed, running a hand through his receding hairline. “Well, if anyone condemns you for doing what you feel is right, then it won’t be me. But I just want you to be aware that you could have a very bright future at Harvard if you wished.”
“I know. And I thank you for wanting a bright future for me.”
He looked at me, and I nearly blushed at the admiration in his eyes.
“Sometimes it strikes me at how unbelievable you are, Mercedes. Your family is beyond affluent. They give you everything you could possibly want or need, yet you spend your free time giving aid to those who need it.”
“I have so much,” I said simply. “So I see no reason why I shouldn’t give back.”
He smiled and nodded. “But you know you can always come to me if you change your mind.”
“I know,” I said.

***

Shadow

My apartment was small and dark, and I would not have it any other way. Desiring the freedom of an elite was not the same as desiring all of the luxuries they were allowed to access. I was a warrior. Excessive comfort was for the soft and weak, not the strong.
I checked my computer for updates on bounties. While Xavier was an elite who took particular interest in tormenting me, he was not the only one I was expected to be subservient to. By vampire law, all Untouchables were required to obey the will of all elites. The punishment for failing to do so ranged from torture to death.
However, Untouchables were allowed a shallow illusion of freedom. We were permitted to do as we pleased (within the law of course), so long as we did an elite’s bidding whenever we were called. Being over five-hundred years old, I had long built a reputation for being both ruthless and efficient. If an elite wanted someone brought to justice, they were never disappointed when they called me to get the job done.
I examined the list of criminals. Bounties were posted by elite vampires who were so high-strung they prided themselves on never having to rely on the services of an Untouchable. These bounties were meant to be advertised to the Kshatriya, the warrior cast.
But I was Kshatriya. And no elite would ever tell me differently.
It was a thought I clung to, even in the face of everlasting adversity. No one would ever take it away from me, not even the royal family.
And unfortunately for the elites, the Untouchables were granted some form of freedom in regards to bounties: whenever an elite posted a bounty, any vampire was allowed to pursue it. And by vampire law, the one who posted the bounty was bound to pay whoever turned in it, even if the hunter was the lowest of Untouchables.
However, it was very common for Untouchables to avoid pursuing bounties. If they succeeded, they not only earned their pay, but inevitable vengeance for bruising the elite’s pride. It was said only the desperate or insane Untouchables took bounties.
Being that I was a bit of both, I was the perfect candidate.
My eyes scanned the list. I preferred to hunt in the mortal world since it was where my prey always gave me the best chase. What or who would be a good challenge…?
A very soft sound emitted from my right. My sensitive hearing picked up incredibly soft steps. I continued to scan the list, knowing there was no danger.
Something nudged my leg.
“You will be fed momentarily.”
A low, whining sound.
“Be silent,” I said, but there was no rancor in my voice. 
After an hour of looking through bounties, I turned my gaze downward to acknowledge the creature who had been attempting to get my attention. Even after decades of being the closest thing to a partner I possessed, his appearance was one of the few things in the universe that never ceased to fascinate me. He looked like a cross between a beetle, a robot, and a lizard. His body was roundish, and a gleaming, metallic black. Ten thin legs sprouted from his sides. His tail dragged on the floor like a wet worm, but I had seen many a life form both mortal and immortal be either strangled to death or deprived of their heads thanks to its deceptive power. At first glance, he did not appear to have eyes. His mouth on the other hand was far more prominent. It was thick and leathery and when it opened, it displayed rows upon rows of teeth so sharp and long, they made my fangs appear as threatening as toothpicks.
His species was christened the Evanescence thousands of years ago by the vampires. I called him Blackhole.
My gloved hand reached down to caress his head. He was about as large as a medium-sized dog, though the sounds he was currently making were more similar to that of a cat being stroked. A rare smile lifted the corners of my mouth.
“Would you care for your meal, now?”
He made an excited yip and circled around me. I got to my feet and went into the kitchen. I retrieved two slabs of frozen vampire flesh and tossed them on the ground.
Seeing Blackhole feed was deeply fascinating. His teeth were a blur. He devoured everything and I say that without the slightest hint of hyperbole. Nothing was left behind, not even a single molecule. It was the reason why my people named them the Evanescence. If one chose to feed on a life form, they erased them from existence. No part of them would ever be a part of anything else. 
Blackhole grinned at me once he was finished with his meal. He jumped up on my lap and I began petting him.
“I can tell you are still angry with me,” I said.
He made a huffing sound, even as he shivered with pleasure at my touch.
“Forgive me,” I said with some sincerity. “Sometimes I prefer to hunt alone. You know that.”
Another huffing sound.
“I believe I have provoked Xavier fatally,” I murmured. “He will be after me without mercy and you as well due to your connection to me.” My hand ran down his tail, which was covered in peculiar scales; almost feather-like. “I want you to know that you are free to go whenever you wish.”
He lifted his body and bared his teeth, snarling furiously. I sighed.
“On your own head be it then.”


*******


Chapter 2

Gentle angel heed the call
Of one who needs you most of all
A tortured soul holds on for you
Reach out and share your golden hue 

Mercedes

After learning what Lydia had tried to pull in computer class, Sam and Nadine insisted on serving as my escorts throughout the rest of the day. Naturally, I protested.
“You guys, you don’t have to do this,” I insisted as we walked to lunch. “Lydia’s hated me for years, but she’s never gotten physically violent with me.”
“We all know things have changed,” Nadine said sternly. Her posture was ramrod straight as if she were a soldier. “Lydia merely hated you before. Now she loathes you. She’s been after Taylor for who knows how long, and he asked you out without really knowing you that well.”
“I know why he would,” Sam said a bit dully. His sad eyes made me cringe inwardly with guilt. “It’s not about your money, Mercedes. Everyone in this school knows what a terrific person you are. Even Lydia knows it. It’s one of the reasons why she hates you so much.”
“Yeah,” Nadine agreed. “She only wishes Taylor would like her for who she is, but since she’s a bitch, that’s never gonna happen.”
“Guys stop,” I mumbled, looking around to see if anyone was overhearing us. 
“Did you really mouth off to Price again?” Nadine asked.
Grateful for the change in subject, I answered immediately. “I didn’t mouth off to him. I never mouth off to him. He just likes asking me questions he thinks I can’t answer. I can’t help it if he gets all pissed off when I answer correctly.”
“Is it true that Taylor asked you out because he was impressed with your answer?” Nadine pressed.
“I don’t know,” I said, refusing to look at Sam.
Before Nadine could make the situation worse, I spotted a familiar figure up ahead.
“I’ll meet you guys in the cafeteria,” I said.
“No way,” Sam said seriously. “We’re not leaving you alone after what happened with Lydia today. Until she cools down, you’re just going to have to deal with us being your shadows.”
I rolled my eyes, exasperated. But at the same time, I was touched. It was great having such loyal friends who would do anything for you, even if they were paranoid about your safety at times. So I decided to humor them.
“All right, but just hang back. This conversation is a private one.”
“No problem,” Nadine said.
She and Sam hung back while I approached a slim Asian girl of fourteen dressed in worn clothes attending to her locker.
“Catherine,” I said softly.
She turned around. I smiled at her. “How are you doing?”
Catherine’s pale face flushed pink, even as she smiled very shyly back. But the smile faded when she looked over my shoulder. I sighed inwardly and signaled to my overprotective friends to give us some more space.
“Sorry,” I said. “Lydia’s mad at me again, and Sam and Nadine think I’m in mortal peril.”
“It’s okay,” Catherine mumbled, head bowed. She pushed a strand of hair away from her ear. It was a common habit of hers when she was nervous.
“I talked to Lindsey,” I said. “I put in a good word for you for the cheerleading squad. She’ll be talking with you soon, so I wanted to give you a heads up.”
Dark brown eyes widened with terror and hope.
“But…but…Mercedes, I can’t—!”
“Yes you can.” I put my hands on her arms. “You’ve been doing such a great job. You’ve been working so hard at your gymnastics. You have the confidence, Catherine.” I let my gaze bore into hers so she could see my sincerity, my belief in her. “I know you do.”
Her face flushed even further, but I could see my words were having the desired effect. Catherine was trying so hard to get on with her life, to move on. Even if her grades weren’t so good at the moment, the fact that she was practicing so hard at gymnastics was proof enough that she wanted to make something of herself. She met my eyes somewhat, and I saw a vestige of strength in her expression.
“Okay,” she whispered. “Okay. I’ll talk to Lindsey. I’ll try.”
“Good,” I said.
“Are you coming to the center tonight?”
“Yeah,” I said. My voice dropped lower. “Don’t tell anyone, but I’m dropping off a gift. And I’ll make sure Dad drops off another gift for the school board so you’ll all have brand new equipment and uniforms for the game in three months.”
I patted her arm and walked back to Nadine and Sam. Lunch passed without trouble. Lydia was nowhere in sight, which was a very good thing. I was still fighting tiredness, and I didn’t have the energy to try for a diplomatic solution. Hopefully, when she confronted me, she would at least try to listen to reason.
That’s too much to hope, my ever-so-helpful inner voice supplied. She hates you. She’ll get you for trying to steal her precious Taylor away from her.
I never stole him from her.
But that’s her logic, Countess.
I sighed heavily before getting off the bus. Daniel was waiting for me in the limousine around the block.
“You know, it would be a lot easier if you would just let me drop you off and pick you up at the exact location you want to go,” he said as I got in.
“I have my reasons,” I replied shortly. He smiled knowingly, which irritated me a bit.
“Take me to Women’s Aid, please.” I leaned back and stretched my muscles. “You can go home afterwards.”
“Are you sure?”
“You don’t want a break?”
“I love breaks as much as the next sane person, but I also love to earn my pay.”
“You earn it a thousand times over, Daniel,” I stated. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. I’ll make sure not to leave too late. It’ll still be light by the time I get home for dinner.”
“If you insist.”
Women’s Aid was not an impressive building from the outside. Quite the contrary, it looked rather worn and run-down. The inside on the other hand was an entirely different matter. Five years ago, I went with Dad on a business trip to Harvard (I spent an hour sifting through their databases to make sure Mr. Petrie kept his word not to let slip that I planned lessons for the Operating Systems class). As the daughter of a famous and incredibly wealthy businessman, I was treated like royalty by the faculty. I made sure to be very polite so I wouldn’t embarrass my father, but one of the things apart from the history that really caught my interest was the way the final clubs were designed. The rich carpeting, furniture, and artwork captivated me, and I knew then and there how I wanted to remodel Women’s Aid. Before the renovations, the inside of the building matched its outside; old, worn, and rundown. A starving charity drive for women oppressed by the system, their husbands, their boyfriends, or by society in general. Thanks to the money my father added on a monthly basis, I now considered Women’s Aid to be a thriving haven.
And many women and young girls would agree with me.
I walked up to the receptionist. He was busy typing at the computer.
Yes, ‘he’. Early on, I thought it would be a bad idea to limit the employees here to just women. It would have only encouraged rape and violence victims to see all men as monsters that needed to be shunned and hated.
“Can I help—” He stopped when he looked at me, eyes widening in recognition. “Oh, Mercedes! I didn’t expect to see you here today.”
“I didn’t expect to come here today, either, Paul, but here I am.” I grinned. “I just needed to drop this off.” I handed him the envelope that contained the check Dad had given me earlier. “This month’s donation.”
Paul took the envelope from my hand. “Thank you so much, Mercedes. Will you stay for a little while? The girls have missed you.”
“I’ve only been away for a week,” I pointed out.
“That’s one week too long for them,” he said with a smile. “Come on, Mercedes, you’re fighting a losing battle. You know you never come here just to drop off checks.”
My tiredness was really catching up to me, and I still wanted to finish that new identity card I was crafting for Janelle. But like Paul said, I was fighting a losing battle.
“You’re right,” I sighed.

***

Xavier

“Lord Xavier.”
I turned toward my servant.
“You have something to report?”
“Yes, my lord. Your experiment decided to visit her female haven today. If you desire her to come into contact with the Harijan tonight, I can make it so.”
I laughed before dismissing my servant and examining the picture of the human girl displayed on the screen of a datapad.
Such a lovely little bloodbag, I thought. Will you enjoy her, Harijan? No. Of course not. I know about your code of honor. She will torment you beyond your wildest imagination. And no matter what spell you fall under, it will make you beg for death before the end.

***

Shadow

It was depressing to find out that there were no bounties available.
Perhaps I should correct myself: there were no suitable bounties. Mere thugs who would never give me the chases and the satisfaction I wanted. If my death was to come soon, I would never waste my last days on vermin that any vampire with half a brain could defeat. I would rather rot in a cell filled with garlic gas.
My fangs emerged as I remembered the horrible burning of the liquid garlic Xavier splashed on my face mere hours ago. Hunger raged through my system as I imagined my hands ripping his head from his body. Blood. I wanted blood. I was starving. I needed to feed.
I left my apartment, ignoring Blackhole’s whines behind me. I withdrew the Chaos wand to create a portal to the mortal world. When I stepped out of it, several scents caught my attention. Sex, blood, excitement, anger, rage, terror, fear.
My prey was close.
I leaped across several buildings, avoiding human eyes as I did so. My prey was getting closer. The scents were getting so strong, so sweet. But there was foulness as well. Human drugs. I grimaced in disgust. I hated it when humans poisoned their blood with drugs. I would never feed from something so low. But not all humans did drugs. I changed direction, and caught another scent. This one was heavy with exhilaration. I rounded around the side of a building and saw my prey.
He was a man getting up there in years. Thick around the middle. He wore a long coat. As I got closer, I noticed a very distinct scent was attached to him. A scent that made my fangs dig into my gums.
This one was a victimizer of females. Judging by how strong the smell was, at least two had fallen prey to him tonight. The faceless female victims by themselves were nothing to me, but I lived by a code of honor. I would never take an unwilling female.
And no one else would as well.
I grabbed the mortal around the middle and pulled him into the alley when I was certain no one was looking. Naturally, he screamed. A very satisfying sound. I considered it to be quite ironic that I took more satisfaction in taking the life of a mortal rapist rather than the scum the elites posted bounties on. Perhaps because the instinct to kill and cause pain was not nearly as strong in mortals as it was in vampires. When you found a human who took great pleasure in torturing and killing innocents, you knew you were in the presence of a true monster.
I fed slowly, wanting to prolong his pain. I groaned when his adrenaline soaked blood entered my system, strengthening me. 
But as much as I was savoring my meal, I was still on red alert. The movement behind me, however slight, did not go undetected. 
I hurled the dying body behind me. It struck one of my assailants, knocking him back several feet. I leaped backward, extending my claws, roaring a challenge. No one was visible, but I sensed there were at least five of them. And they were watching me.
“You want me?” I hissed. “Come and get me.”
They emerged from the darkness. Five of them, all dressed in long black cloaks. Their faces were concealed in masks. I snarled in disgust. Xavier was beyond arrogant and pathetic. Not only were his assassins stupid enough to challenge me head on, they thought they could intimidate me by hiding their faces. No matter. I would kill them…wait…
Their masks. There was a ventilator on the mouth…
Gas masks.
I did not have time to jump. The ground around me exploded into a cloud of silver and yellow. Before I could scream, they were all on me. Stabbing, beating, cutting, laughing. I could not fight them. Not even the rage pumping through my system could give me the strength to stand, let alone fight. 
I was not enraged at Xavier. At least not as I was enraged as I was at myself. I was a fool not to know that Xavier would do anything in his power to ensure I did not die an honorable death. He knew honor was one of the very few things I valued. He would rob me of it in my last moments. His assassins would make me feel it until I knew no more.
The torture continued. I do not know how much time truly passed. When it was over, agony was all I knew. My eyes had melted from the molten silver one had poured on my face, but the sheer amount of pain I felt on every inch of my skin told me they had all but stripped me naked during their assault. I could not move or speak and even if I could, I knew Xavier’s assassins would ensure no one came to my aid, mortal or vampire alike. They were probably watching and laughing. Their protective armor would ensure their safety once the sun rose.
Once the sun rose…
The pain would be over soon. My only regret was that I did not attempt to kill Xavier when I had the chance.

***

Mercedes

“Mercedes. I’m so glad you came today. I wasn’t expecting you.”
I embraced Caroline back. “I wasn’t expecting to come either. But here I am.”
Caroline smiled at me. Though her black hair was going gray, her vibrant optimism and compassion would keep her young forever. When she first came to Women’s Aid, she had been a fifteen-year-old gang rape victim who had been desperately searching for peace. Even before Women’s Aid was transformed by my father’s donations, she still stayed, doing her best to improve her life and the lives of her fellow victims. Now at forty-five, she was the head counselor of the center. In my opinion, there was no one better for the job. Caroline’s presence alone exuded an aura of peace and understanding that affected everyone around her. If you wanted to talk to her or if you just wanted silent company, she would be there for you no matter what.
“I gave Paul this month’s donation,” I continued. I told her the figure before asking, “Will that be enough to hire more teachers for the sign language course?”
“Mmm.” Caroline tapped her chin. “I think it will be enough to hire more teachers for the sign language course. Oh! And it should be enough to add fifty more computers to the lab!” She grinned and shook her head. “Mercedes you and your father give us more than we need, and you know it. If you keep this up, our safe will be bursting within the next year or so.”
“Then maybe we should consider expanding,” I said. “I mean, Women’s Aid is a haven, but it’s just one haven. Granted, women across the country come here and there’s always room for more, but not everyone who needs to be here can come here.”
“I couldn’t have put it better myself,” Caroline said as we started walking. “I spoke with the managers a few days ago, and they all agreed that we could build another facility, or maybe even two within a year’s time.” When I didn’t reply, she looked at me. “Are you all right?”
I wasn’t. I was cursing myself with all my might.
“Why didn’t I think of this sooner? I should have—”
“Hey, don’t you dare,” Caroline said with deep warning in her tone. “If you say that, then you imply that what you are doing right now is small and insignificant. I will smack you upside your head if you ever utter such blasphemy again.”
I sighed, but smiled. “Duly noted.”
I spent the next few hours greeting and chatting with several members, many of whom were my friends of several years. No matter how tired I was, their smiles never ceased to fill me with positive energy. These women were brave beyond comprehension.
“Mercedes?”
I turned around. Catherine was there, looking very nervous but also excited.
“Hey!” I carefully deposited the baby I was holding into the arms of her mother before running up to meet Catherine. “How are you?”
“I…” she swallowed, looking as if she couldn’t believe what she was about to say. “I made the cheerleading squad.”
“That’s wonderful!” I exclaimed and pulled her into a tight hug. “I’m so happy for you!”
“Well, I may not be able to shout yet, but Lindsey says I could just keep the crowd entertained with my flips while the rest of them cheer.” The blood drained from her face. “Oh, my God, I’m going to be performing gymnastics in front of a crowd!”
“And you’ll knock them dead,” I said firmly. “You chose to join the cheerleading squad, Catherine. No one made you do that.”
“I would never have gotten the courage to join if you hadn’t encouraged me.”
“No.” I shook my head. “I was just a catalyst. You never would have joined if you didn’t have the courage already. We both know that.”
She blushed, but didn’t disagree. I put my hand on her arm. “Are you still having nightmares?”
She nodded, not meeting my eyes. “My brother called last week and told me that Uncle Daryl’s cancer is getting worse. The doctors say he has only a few months left to live.”
I was ambivalent to that news. Catherine had been subjected to molestations by her uncle ever since she was three years old. Cancer was something I wouldn’t wish on anyone, but I was a firm believer in karma.
“My brother says my uncle wants to see me.”
Catherine’s voice was so soft, I wouldn’t have heard it if I hadn’t leaned in closer. My eyes went wide with incredulity and anger, but my voice was neutral when I next spoke.
“What will you do?”
She shrugged, looking very torn. “I don’t know. I mean…I know he did love me, and he never really hurt me…”
“You’re excusing him?”
She sniffled, shaking her head. Tears began to pour rapidly down her cheeks. “No, I…I don’t want…”
I pulled her close to me. She clung to me desperately until her sobs died down.
“I don’t think I could stand to see him.” Her voice was muffled against my shoulder, but I heard her well enough.
“Then don’t,” I said. “He doesn’t deserve your love, and he’s caused you enough pain already. This is your life, Catherine. You don’t have to be a slave to your past.”
“I know.”
I was never one to lose track of time except during my visits to Women’s Aid. Fortunately, I left only twenty minutes too late this time. Natalie wouldn’t be angry at me. She only got angry if I was more than an hour late for dinner. My main concern was Lulu. I hoped against hope that she would cut me some slack. 
I embarked on the monorail that would take me home and leaned back in my seat. It was beyond tempting to just sleep. I hadn’t realized how exhausted I really was until now.
“Are you all right?”
I looked up. A man was standing beside me. He was dressed in casual if dark clothes, and there was a look of genuine concern on his handsome if very pale face.
“I’m fine,” I said, stifling a yawn. I would not embarrass myself. “Just fine.”
“You should sleep.”
His voice was low and compelling. He sat down beside me and I blinked at how liquid his movements were. He put his face close to mine.
“You want to sleep.”
That was a nice thought. I was tired, so very, very tired. I just wanted to sleep…wanted…to…no…
“No,” I said. I tried to look away, but couldn’t. “No, I don’t want…”
“You do.” His voice sharpened, and even in my exhaustion, I could detect a growing frustration in his tone. “You want to sleep. You want to sleep now.”
“No.”
“Sleep. Now.”

***

Servant of Xavier

I was absolutely incredulous. I, a vampire of four-hundred years was having difficulty compelling a puny mortal girl. It was a good thing no youngster was with me, else I would have had to kill him or her to ensure no one would ever know my private humiliation.
“Sleep.” I pitched my voice lower, adding more power. Vampires did not have the ability to control the minds of humans per se, but with age and training, we could have great influence on their conscious and subconscious. 
“I…no…” she muttered, but her eyelids were fluttering.
I resisted the urge to bare my fangs. This child, this fleshbag did not have a will greater than my own.
“Sleep,” I hissed. “Now.”
She slumped in my arms. Triumph surged through me, but also rage. I had to resist the urge to tear her apart for her audacity.
I waited until the monorail came to a halt at the proper location before standing up and lifting her in my arms.
“Sir?”
The driver was giving me a very strange look. I smiled at him.
“My daughter is very tired,” I said, pitching my voice low once again. “I need to take her home to rest.”
The suspicion in the driver’s eyes died. He nodded at me and I disembarked. I carried the fleshbag to the area Lord Xavier ordered me to. It was a filthy, poverty-stricken street that most mortal authorities chose to ignore. The Harijan was around here somewhere, mortally wounded, barely clinging to life.
The fleshbag stirred in my arms. I looked down at her. She was quite lovely, I would admit, and her blood smelled delicious. Had my orders not been clear to cause no harm at all, I would have tasted her before leaving. Instead, I dumped her in an alley, injected her with a potion that would awaken her in the next several hours, sent an electronic pulse over her to disrupt the signal of any communication devices for a while, and went over to where the Harijan lay. He wouldn’t call for help even in his most desperate hour. I had to fix that, and then I would leave. 

***

Mercedes

I awoke to hazy vision and the feeling of a cold wet floor against my body. I sat bolt upright with a gasp.
“Where…? What…?”
It became apparent very quickly that I was not on the monorail. I was in a dark alley filled with mildew and dirt. The smell was horrible. I quickly got to my feet, and brushed my hands on my clothes in disgust. But my disgust quickly turned to terror. I ran out of the alley and looked wildly around. I didn’t recognize where I was. More importantly, I didn’t know how to get out.
Fear and confusion battled in my mind. How in the hell did I get here? The last thing I remembered was sitting on the monorail, battling against exhaustion. Then a man…I could vividly remember his face…he told me to go to sleep, but I hadn’t wanted to. Had he drugged me? It would certainly explain my foggy mind. Had he also…?
I looked desperately at my clothes and breathed a sigh of relief. They were dirty, but intact. More importantly, I wasn’t hurt and felt not a sliver of pain in areas where I would feel pain if he had…
Okay. I had to analyze the situation. That man hadn’t raped me. That was good. But he had dumped me in an area that was completely alien to me. And I had no idea how to get home. I reached into my backpack for my comm and breathed an enormous sigh of relief when I saw it had not been stolen. My relief, however, was incredibly short lived. The comm wasn’t working. Neither were any of the other communication devices on my person. I groaned. The only option I had now was to pick one street and hope it would lead me to familiar terrain. I groaned again when I saw the time. Five in the morning. Lulu was never going let me live it down. 
I started walking. At the same time, I looked around and committed everything I saw to memory so I would know if I were going around in circles. In reality, I would prefer to never commit a place like this to memory. It was nothing short of a slum; dark, depressing, and dirty. The few light posts that weren’t broken emitted an ominous glow that made me shiver. I wrapped my arms around my body in an attempt to keep the cold night air at bay.
I came to a halt when I reached the end of the street. There were two forked paths. Which one would lead me home?
“Help me.”
My muscles froze.
“Help me.”
It was a very faint whisper, but the weakness and desperation in it was unmistakable.
“Please. Help me.”
Slowly, I turned to the right. It was coming in that direction.
“Help me.”
I bit my lip. It could be a trick. Someone could be trying to lure me into another alley to kill, rob, or rape me. Even so, it wasn’t in my nature to resist a call for help. I walked down the street with trepidation.
“Help me.”
It was a male voice. Adult, too.  And something about it sounded incredibly strange and incredibly compelling at the same time.
“Hello?” I called.
There was no reply, but I knew where the voice was coming from. I rounded around the corner, intent on finding the location of the person calling to me.
The smell assaulted me so hard and so fast that I gasped before covering my nose with my hand. It smelled like something burning. Like…burning flesh…
“Oh, my God.”
Horrified beyond comprehension, I followed both the voice and the smell. They led me to probably the darkest alley I had ever seen in my life. Fumbling inside my jacket while still covering my nose, I activated one of the lights in my comm. At least those were still working.
What I saw made me scream.
It was a man. Actually, I would be lying if I said I was certain it was a man. He was so butchered and burnt he could have been an alien from another planet as far as I was concerned. I dropped my comm without realizing it and ran forward. My knees hit the ground beside the tortured victim.
“Oh, my God,” I whispered, nearing hysterics. “Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God…”
His face was a red and black mask of cracked, burned flesh. The light of my discarded comm reflected off a silvery substance that had been poured over his eyes. His hair was charred, so it was impossible to tell what color it really was. His clothes were all but gone, thanks to the fire that had all but consumed this poor soul. My shaking hands hovered over his form, but I didn’t dare touch him. He wasn’t moving. He wasn’t even breathing. By all appearances, he was dead.
So how could he have called for help?
Struggling to control my panic, I tried to think rationally. Maybe he wasn’t dead, but he would be dead if I didn’t do something. I stumbled away to retrieve my comm, praying I could get it to work, but then a steel clamp enclosed around my arm. I screamed as I was pulled toward the victim.
He was sitting up. And his eyes were opened. Not just his eyes, but his mouth.
I caught a glimpse of blazing, pale blue orbs and two glistening fangs before I felt an awful pain on my neck. Animalistic growls and snarls battered my eardrums as I was quickly drained of my life.
Then I knew no more.

***

Shadow

Blood. So rich and sweet. More. Give me more.
I fed until the raging tempest of agony and hatred was satiated. Then I stood up and roared to the heavens above. Xavier had not won. I had not died the dishonorable death he had tried to subject me to. Victory was mine. Mine.
My roar echoed off the walls. But when the echoes faded, a small moan made me look down.
It was a human woman. And what remained of her life’s blood was gushing onto the streets from a very distinctive wound on her throat.
Swearing, I dropped to my knees and lifted her in my arms. I swore even louder when I saw her face. This was a very young woman. Not a child, but still barely out of girlhood.
I clamped my fingers over the wound on her neck and kept them there as I bit the inside of my wrist and put it to her mouth.
“Drink,” I commanded hoarsely. “Drink, damn you!”
Fortunately for her, she obeyed right away. I kept her wound closed as she drank my blood at an excruciatingly slow pace. But it didn’t take long for my blood to do its work. Her injuries were healed in moments. Her eyelids fluttered and she looked at me full in the face.
“What…?”
“Sleep,” I said. “Sleep, now.”
I was stunned when she did not immediately slump. She was barely conscious and she was still fighting my compulsion. I put my lips close to her ear and whispered the command again. My incredulity increased when she still did not obey. It took four more tries before she fell asleep. Slowly, I got to my feet with her in my arms. My eyes scanned her face. She was quite beautiful, I would admit, but there was nothing distinctive about her that gave any indication that she should have a natural resistance to a vampire’s voice. Nothing at all.
So, why was it so difficult to look away from her?
I snarled and jumped to the top of the building above, running and leaping as fast as I could with my burden in tow. The wind whipped at my nearly naked body. I went through every swearword imaginable when I realized the sun would rise in less than an hour, and I had no idea where a mortal hospital was.
I came to a halt when I was a considerable distance away from the area I had been assaulted in. I glanced at the lightening sky and then at the unconscious human in my arms. Those miserable cowards had not taken my Chaos wand. I could easily find a wall and go home. But that meant abandoning the girl to die. My blood healed her wound, but it wouldn’t replace what I had taken from her right away. She would live if I gave her another dose within the hour.
My fangs dug into my gums. The smartest thing to do would be to snap her neck and then let Blackhole wipe her corpse from existence. If I treated her, she would know what I was. And I could not make her forget.
My hand hovered over her throat. One quick twist. That was all it would take. She was just a human. A weak, pathetic fleshbag…
That just saved your life. 
And not just my life. She had saved me from a dishonorable death.
I glanced at the sky again. It was getting lighter every second. My skin was starting to feel very warm. Before I could stop myself, I looked down at the face of the dying human girl.
Growling, I withdrew the Chaos wand from what remained of my burnt, tattered clothing. Once the portal was created, I leaped through it. I chose an area where I hoped against hope no vampires would be around. I sighed deeply in relief when I saw fate was on my side for once, even though it took every ounce of stealth skill I possessed to make it to my apartment without being seen. Blackhole greeted me when I stepped through the front door, and his growl grew delighted when he saw the human in my arms.
“This is not a meal for you,” I said shortly.
He growled and whined, running around my heels.
“No!” I snapped, using my most intimidating voice.
It had the proper effect. Whimpering resentfully, but obediently, Blackhole skulked away. 
When I placed the girl on my bed, I felt an overwhelming urge to call Blackhole back. That is, after I snapped her neck. My hand hovered over her throat again. She had saved my life, yes, but by returning the favor, both of our lives were over. I could not make her forget, and once she started babbling to her fellow mortals, other vampires would find her, and they would make her suffer beyond her wildest imagination before they killed her. So I should kill her. I would be doing her a favor. The circumstances were beyond my control. I could not save her. There was no other way.
My finger touched her throat, and a hand gripped my heart. My honor would not be merciful to me. No matter. I had to do it.
She’s just a human. And she will die with honor. Her sacrifice will not be in vain.
I wrapped my hand around her neck. I was just about to squeeze when her eyes snapped open. A loud gasp wrenched from her throat. I withdrew my hand in shock. How could she regain consciousness so quickly?
For a few moments, she just laid there, breathing heavily. I watched her chest rise and fall as she struggled to gather her strength. She moaned and made to sit up, but she was far too weak. Then her head turned to the left to face me. Her eyes went wide.
I braced myself for a scream, or a barrage of hysterical questions. I braced myself for tears and terror. But her face revealed no fear. She continued to stare at me, and I was stunned and disgusted beyond belief when I realized that a part of me was unnerved by that stare.
“Are you all right?”
Her voice was thin, brittle, barely above a whisper. But the concern in it could not have been more evident. She tried to get up again, but to no avail. Her eyes still remained locked on mine.
“Are you all right?” she repeated.
I was incredulous. This girl had nearly been drained to death by a vampire, was now in possession of that very same vampire, had no hope of standing on her own two feet let alone fighting for her life, and her only concern was for my safety!?
Suspicion began to gnaw at me. Did she know about vampires? There were plenty of humans who did, and they were all sworn to secrecy. Was she one of them? She must be. How else could her behavior be explained?
I approached her threateningly. Thankfully, she at least had the good sense to look unnerved.

***

Mercedes

When I awoke for the second time, it only took a moment to decide I had never felt so weak in my entire life. I could barely lift my head. My vision was blurry. It took a few minutes for it to fully clear, but I could still barely move. I just laid there, gasping until I regained some control.
Then I turned my head to the left.
I suddenly knew I wasn’t in the alley anymore. I was on an alien bed in and alien room. And when I saw him lurking in the darkness, I knew who he was. A vision of a burned, demonic face flashed in my mind with glowing ice-blue eyes and two long, glistening fangs. Before I could stop myself, I asked him if he was all right. After seeing him so mutilated and tortured, I could ask nothing else. He didn’t answer, and I asked again. God, I felt so weak. But I had to know.
Then he stepped out of the darkness. If it weren’t for my fatigue, I probably would have been blushing crimson right now. He was still covered in the vital areas, but everything else was fully exposed. What little light there was shone off his pale skin, and though several parts of him were still bathed in shadows, his sculpted chest, ripped abdomen, and powerful arms could not have been more prominent. His leg muscles flexed with impossible fluidity as he moved closer. When he stopped beside the bed, my eyes lingered up to his face. The physical beauty of it was as harsh and unforgiving as his expression. His eyes were obsidian black, glittering like volcanic glass. His hair was also black, but the faint light threw scarlet highlights in it. As he looked at me, his flawless, well-cut lips grimaced ever so slightly, as if he were struggling not to reveal any emotion.
“Who do you belong to?”
His voice was gravelly, yet musical. It distracted me for a moment, so I didn’t respond to his question right away. I was also very confused by his question. 
His lips pulled off his teeth. My eyes went wide when I saw his fangs again.
“Who do you belong to?”
The question was repeated in a deadly hiss. I continued to stare at his fangs, and realization dawned on me.
“Dream,” I whispered.
Dream or not, the rage that contorted his beautiful face was nothing short of terrifying. In less than the blink of an eye, he was right in front of me, hands gripping my shoulders, face a mere inch from mine.
“You are not dreaming, you foolish infant,” he snarled. The black of his eyes melted into that glowing, feral blue I had witnessed before. “Tell me who you belong to, or I will kill you.”
I wasn’t nearly as afraid as I should have been. I was staring into the eyes of a demon from hell. My heart should have been beating fast enough to knock my weakened body unconscious. I was afraid, yes, but I wasn’t terrified. In honesty, I was mostly entranced and angry.
“What the hell are you talking about?” I tried to make my own voice sound threatening, but compared to this…creature, I may as well have been a newborn kitten. “I don’t belong to anyone!”
His eyes narrowed in suspicion and surprise. Before I could say anything else, one of his hands brushed back my hair. That hand was powerful, I could tell. Corded with lean muscle, his long fingers looked like they could crush stone. When his palm touched my throat, I gasped at how cold his skin was. The feel of it reminded me of how icy the marble floor of the ballroom in the house got in the winter. His piercing blue gaze scanned my neck. The incredulity on his face deepened.
“Do you know anything about my kind?”
What could I say? In legends, in myths, in folklore…
“You’re not real,” I croaked. “You can’t be—”
His lips peeled back again. This time, the brightness of his fangs nearly blinded me for a moment.
“Perhaps you did not feel what I did to you before,” he hissed. “Shall I demonstrate again?”
I stared at him, and a sudden wave of exhaustion overcame me. I slumped down, nearly unconscious. I barely felt something wet and cold against my lips. My tongue, on its own accord, flicked out to taste the liquid. 
Life. It tasted like life.
I wanted more, so I drank. When the giver of the life-liquid pulled away, I let it. My eyes opened again, and I felt more energized than I had in hours. I sat up and once again gazed into a face that was feral, but possessed an impossible dark beauty. Now that I was fully lucid, I found myself examining all of his features. The strong, classic cheekbones, the sharply curved jaw, the perfectly straight nose…my memory stored everything.
Mostly, it stored his current facial expression. He appeared beyond incredulous. Beyond enraged. But I could tell that rage was directed at himself. What he had just done for me. The red cut on the inside of his marble white wrist was nearly healed. Suddenly, a low growl emitted from his throat, and his hand wrapped around my neck. I felt his power. If he so much as twitched his wrist, my bones would shatter into a thousand pieces.
“Are you going to kill me?”
Even I was surprised at how remarkably calm my voice sounded. I was certain I was about to die, but my fear was controlled. The creature was an entirely different story. His fury amplified ten-fold at my question, but it was also mixed with torment. I could see no compassion in his expression, but for some reason, he was very reluctant to kill me.
Finally, after what seemed like hours, he released me. And I released a breath I hadn’t realized I’d been holding. 

***

Shadow

This girl is mad, I thought. She has never seen a vampire in her life. Vampires were but myths to her until now, and I just threatened to kill her.
Yet she was sitting on my bed, her body perfectly still; no tremors, no shaking. Her face was apprehensive and afraid, but absent of terror. Perhaps she was mad, but her mental state was irrelevant. I had something far more important to contemplate: her fate.
After withdrawing my hand from her throat, I backed away a step and clenched my fists. She continued to watch me, which did not help. I hated to be scrutinized, and her scrutiny was worse than Xavier’s in many ways. What Xavier thought of me had been obvious for centuries. His torture could be subtle at times, but torture was what I would always receive at his hands. That would never change.
This mortal girl on the other hand…her face was like treasure chest that had been sealed for a thousand years. Time had not weathered the lock. Instead, it had fused the lid shut, rendering the lock unnecessary. The only way to open the chest would be to destroy it. To tear it apart.
“What’s your name?”
I scowled at her.
“Why do you ask such irrelevant questions?”
She shook her head, a helpless, disbelieving smile on her lips.
“I don’t know,” she uttered in a broken whisper. “I don’t know.”
Her thighs drew up against her chest. She hugged her legs and buried her face on her knees, muffling her ragged breathing.
Perhaps she was not mad. To ask someone his name was perfectly normal. To ask someone what he was…that was a frightening question. And she did know what I was. Perhaps she feared madness and was struggling to retain a sliver of normalcy in this utterly bizarre, unexpected situation.
I could kill her.
But I knew I wouldn’t. My honor would not allow it. Humans were inferior to vampires, but I did not hate them in general. I took delight in slaughtering certain humans, both male and female, but I would never harm an innocent woman or child. However, that did not change the fact that letting her live would cause problems for both of us. Fatal problems. I had not sensed Xavier’s assassins when I carried her away, so her identity was safe for the time being. But I was alive. And there was nothing Xavier would not do to find out why I was still alive. The trail would lead to the girl and she would die a long, agonizing death for crossing Xavier, however indirectly. 
Unless I succeeded in killing him. It would earn me the wrath of the royal family. My days would be painful and numbered. But I would die with honor. And with Xavier dead, the girl would be safe. A slim chance, but I could do no better.
I approached the girl again and spoke.
“My name is Shadow.”
She looked up, and I could not deny the satisfaction I felt at her surprise.
“What is your name?” I asked.
She swallowed. “Mercedes. Mercedes Strand.”
“Do you know what I am?”
She merely nodded. I did not berate her for the cowardice her silence implied.
“I will not kill you,” I told her. “But I can give you a very good reason as to why I should. You should never have seen me. You should have never discovered my kind exists. What is more, I have an enemy powerful beyond your comprehension. He meant for me to die, and you thwarted his plans. When he finds you, he will make you beg for death. I am not so arrogant as to believe I can protect you from him forever.” I moved close enough for my knees to touch the mattress. “But I can spare you from that fate. If you desire it, I can make your death fast and painless. Do you wish me to?”

***

Mercedes

I replayed his words over and over again in my head. He didn’t seem annoyed at my silence. In fact, he looked as if he wanted me to withhold my answer for as long as I could.
Vampires existed. I just saved the life of one. His name was Shadow. I should have never saved him, he claimed. I should have never known vampires existed. And now that I did, I was in mortal danger from a vastly powerful enemy who would put me through inhumane torture before he would kill me. And Shadow…he wanted to spare me that. I looked into his haunting, tormented eyes and saw only sincerity and regret. He was offering the only mercy he could. And he was letting me decide if I wanted it.
“No.”
He blinked. “What do you mean?”
“I said no.” My voice grew stronger. “I appreciate your sincerity, but I don’t want you to kill me.”
Something akin to disgust flickered across his gorgeous face.
“Do you fear death? Are you a coward?”
“Only if I give up.” I jutted my chin at him. “I love my life, and I love the people in it. I’m not throwing everything away just because there’s a chance I may die soon.”
“Inevitable chance,” he all but snarled.
“I heard what you said,” I said softly. “But I’m not giving up.”
His frustration was palpable. His incredible black eyes seemed to absorb the faint light in the room and spit white fire at me. I felt the head of that fire on my face.
Finally, after an eternity, he gave a stiff nod.
“Very well.”
I smiled at him. “Thank you.”
My smile was met with a confused frown. But then his flawless features smoothed into a cold, blank mask.
“You will be vulnerable in your mortal world,” he told me. “Perhaps I can offer you some protection from stray vampires.”
Vampires.
It took all my willpower not to wince as he said the world aloud.
Vampires exist.
His hand reached out to my neck. My eyes widened when I saw his fingernails extend into wicked-looking claws.
“You must trust me.” He said.
Those midnight orbs bore right into me. Right into the depths of my soul. And I had an inexplicable feeling that I could trust this creature…this man with my life.
His icy claws touched the delicate skin just above where my jugular dwelled. I suppressed a gasp of pain when I felt him carving a wound into my flesh. I remained still as he worked for nearly five minutes. When it was over, I felt a faint trickle of blood seeping down my throat.
“Don’t touch it,” he snapped at me when I raised my hand to my neck. “It will stop bleeding in a moment. You will have a scar within hours. Should a vampire attempt to feed on you, they will see the scar and know you are branded. That you belong to me. There are grave consequences for damaging the property of another vampire, even one such as me.”
Incredulity and anger swept through me. “I belong to you now? I’m your slave?”
“I have no interest in you.” His voice was icy and dismissive. “You are nothing to me, but I will protect you as best I can for the sake of my honor. Now it is time to send you back.”
He retrieved something from a nearby table. It looked like a metallic wand. It appeared to be made from black glass. Obsidian. Like his eyes.  
“Come,” he said, gesturing to the doorway. “We must go outside so I can create a portal to the mortal world.” He started to walk away.
He was going to send me home, I realized. I should be ecstatic, but…
“Wait…Shadow!” I got up and ran after him. “I don’t understand. What…?”
Before I could blink, a hand was gripping my throat. The blood drained from my face. How could anything, man or machine, be that fast? I choked, even though he wasn’t applying enough pressure to cut off my air. Coal-black eyes blazed at me.
“You should say a prayer of thanks to whatever gods you worship that you do not understand,” he hissed. “It may keep you alive for a little while longer.”
He gripped my arm hard enough to bruise and all but dragged me out of his small home. He wasn’t looking at me, so I could glance around without fear of rebuke. The furniture was exotic and dark, but sparse. I winced when I heard an ominous growl coming from another room. There were no carpets or anything that would hint at aesthetic indulgent. All in all, it looked like an incredibly lonely place to live.
Shadow retrieved a long cloak from a rack by the door and put it on. Then he pulled me inside it, right up against his body before I had time to yelp.
“Be utterly silent,” he said in a low, deadly whisper.
That was a completely unnecessary order. I couldn’t have moved or spoken if my life depended on it. I was pressed flush against Shadow’s bare torso, and his iron grip around my waist ensured that any form of escape was impossible. Reflexively, I walked as quickly as I could to match his desperate pace. Under the cloak, I couldn’t see a thing. I only felt. My cheek was pressed hard against his chest. His skin was even colder and smoother that I imagined. I felt every ripple of his sculpted, flawlessly toned muscles as he moved. It wasn’t until a moment later that I realized my right arm was wrapped around his ribs. Were his bones made of diamond, I wondered? 
When we stopped, I was panting slightly. The feel of his bare flesh against my own had not been unwelcome to begin with, but now his coolness felt incredibly refreshing to my slightly perspiring skin and fevered mind. I wanted to savor these sensations, so I remained as still as I could and focused on them. 

***

Shadow

The girl’s warmth was incredibly distracting, and I bitterly regretted not changing out of my burnt, ruined garments before leaving with her. What disgusted me the most was how pleasing her warmth was. How comforting. I shook my head. This was utterly disgraceful. I needed to get her to the mortal world as fast as I could. Unfortunately, I had to take a longer path to ensure I would not run into any vampires. It was not uncommon for them to bring their human servants here, but if I wanted to keep this girl safe, no one could know who marked her. She was marked. That was all that would matter if any dared to feed on her. 
I stopped at the sidewall of a building. There were a few vampires up ahead, but I could create the portal before they could approach. I withdrew the Chaos wand from the waistband of my ruined trousers, smeared my blood, and made to slash the wall.
Then the girl shifted in my arms. I felt her head twist so that her face was pressed against my chest. Her breath was even warmer than her skin.
Disgraceful.
I slashed the wall so hard I nearly broke the wand. The portal opened, and I jumped through it. It was past morning in the mortal world, but I made sure we would land on the side of a dark monorail tunnel. Barely a second after we emerged, I threw the girl away from me, though not hard enough to knock her to the ground. She ended up on the ground anyway, gasping as if she had run several miles nonstop. I could not bring myself to feel regret that I had not warned her that travelling through dimensions for the first time was particularly hard on mortals. I was just grateful she was no longer touching me.
“You will be well in a moment,” I told her. “This is relatively safe ground for mortals. You will be able to follow this tunnel, find transportation, and go home.”
She raised her head up to me and opened her mouth to reply, but I had already stepped through the portal. Upon entering my apartment, I stripped off my ruined garments and stepped into the shower. The smell of what I endured at the hands of Xavier’s cowardly henchmen was still on me, but I found I was far more disturbed by the lingering scent of the human girl. It reminded me of the weak thoughts that ran through my mind when she touched me. I wanted to forget them.
After dressing in fresh garments, I contemplated what to do next. At the very minimum, Xavier would know I was still alive within the next three days. He would know human blood was responsible, and he would not rest until he found out who had given it to me. If I challenged him head-on, there was a very good chance I would die. I could not be reckless. I had to be discreet, or I would waste my life.
And hers, too.

***

Mercedes

He left me gaping at the part of a wall that mere seconds ago had been a…portal?
Did he live…did vampires live in another dimension?
Shaking my head at the utterly bizarre notion of it, I struggled to my feet. I had to hold onto the wall as I exited the tunnel thanks to a new fatigue spell. When I emerged, I breathed a sigh of relief at the sight of the monorail station. I could take the rail home.
…on second thought, that didn’t sound like such a good idea. I ended up using a pay comm to call a taxi, and would have fallen asleep in the back seat if the memory of what happened when I last fell asleep in a public transportation vehicle didn’t haunt me. 
I looked up at the sun in the morning sky and groaned. Natalie would be furious, and I didn’t even want to think about Lulu. I only prayed none of them would call the police yet. I reached for my comm to call Natalie and groaned again when I realized it was gone along with my backpack. I had little doubt both of them were still in the alley I had met Shadow in, but there was no way in hell I was going back there.
Shadow.
The vampire.
His harshly beautiful face flashed in my mind along with everything he had told me. I gingerly touched the scar on my neck and discovered it was dry like he said it would be.
He had marked me. A vampire had marked me. Supposedly to keep me safe from a dangerous enemy.
I bit my lip, resisting the urge to cry at the utterly insane events that just occurred in my life. But I wasn’t one to delude myself. Vampires were real. Shadow was real, and I knew he wasn’t lying about this dangerous enemy who would torture me to death if he ever found me. He would kill Shadow, too. Shadow, the beautiful, pale god of darkness who had saved my life and was now working to save both of our lives.
My eyes narrowed, and my fatigue was now but a memory.
Natalie was furious when I came home and constantly badgered me about how many times she nearly called the police. I told her I had decided to spend the night at Women’s Aid but forgot to call and tell her (something I had done a few times before), and then the questions became about my dirty clothes. Several servants pressed around me, asking if there was anything I needed, but I brushed them off. I knew I would have some apologizing to do the next morning, but this was a matter of life and death. 
I barricaded myself in my room and sat at the computer as I had done countless times before. Only this time, I moved with an urgency that was practically overwhelming. 
“Miss Mercedes—”
“Something’s happened, Lulu,” I snapped. “Something bad.”
Lulu’s voice grew less disapproving. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
“I’m afraid not. Just please be quiet for a while. I don’t want to have to turn you off.”
“Very well.”
I should have thanked her. Much as Lulu disliked it when I didn’t look after my health properly, she always trusted me when I said I had to do something very important. But I was already sinking into my hacker state as I donned my costume. 
The first thing I did was research mysterious murders and disappearances that had occurred over the last fifty years. Granted, countless murders and disappearances had remained unsolved since the beginning of history, but I was looking for ones whose details were kept under tight security.
It seemed like an odd way to start, but Shadow had barely given me any information on himself, vampires, or this mysterious, powerful enemy. I knew in the depths of my soul that I would see Shadow again, and while I fully intended to demand real answers from him, I knew he would be stubborn. He might even do worse than threaten to choke me. Provoking a vampire may seem suicidal, but I would be damned if I let him fight this enemy alone. I didn’t need solid information in order to try to find him. Even if vampire society dwelled in a separate dimension, they obviously had ties to the mortal world. And a vampire as powerful as Shadow claimed would definitely have agents here. Agents who could reveal secrets and weaknesses. 
Agents who had taken human life.
It took hours of searching, but one particular murder caught my eye. Senator Peter Young, thirty-nine years old. Apparently, he had a successful military career in his early youth, which greatly assisted him when he decided to run for office. But on April 19th, 2021, he ended up in the hospital, bleeding profusely from an unidentified wound. He died three days later.
However, the exact cause of death was vague. The hospital staff claimed he caught an infection, but they offered no more detail than that. And no one verified who or what had wounded Senator Peter Young. 
There was my lead.
I looked at the clock and saw it was almost five in the evening. I also realized that the adrenaline rush had all but faded. Thank God it was Saturday.
I dragged myself to the bathroom to wash, deciding to turn in super early. Even though the thought of a relaxing bubble bath sounded very appealing to me now, I knew it would cause me to fall asleep within seconds. So I turned on the shower, and let the hot water run over me for an hour. Right now, I was too tired and stressed out to care about my pervious water-saving vows. When I got out, I made sure to get dressed quickly. Even though I liked the dark tones of my bathroom and the vast size of it, I understandably felt very nervous about being alone. 
Vampires existed. 
One wanted to kill me.
And he would probably succeed.
I shivered and started to exit the bathroom when my hand brushed against the porcelain rim of the sink. 
Me, pressed against Shadow. His skin so cold and smooth. He had threatened to kill me. But he also let me live on the slim chance that he would be able to protect me.
He will protect me.
A knock sounded at my door. I sighed and answered it. It was Natalie. Alongside her was a cart stocked with a seven-course dinner.
“If you decided to spend the night at Women’s Aid and honestly forgot to call me, I won’t nag you anymore,” she said. “But please remember to do so next time.”
I nodded. She wheeled the cart in and closed the door behind her.
I stared at the food. The main course consisted of a roasted pheasant, creamy mashed potatoes, boiled vegetables, and a strawberry cheesecake with ice cream on the side. Any other time, I would have sat down at my desk and feasted as I watched a historical documentary on Alexander the Great or World War II. But right now all I wanted to do was collapse on my bed. However, I knew how much effort the cooks put into every meal they made in this house, so I swallowed a few bites for their sake.
Bites.
Shadow’s fangs digging into my neck, feasting on my blood, robbing me of my strength. His face, still so extraordinarily beautiful, twisted with demonic, animalistic rage.
I pushed back white lace curtains and crawled into my king-sized bed. Dad had gotten it for me for my thirteenth birthday. When I saw it, I told him it wasn’t for me, because only princesses sleep in huge beds with exquisitely soft red and white silk sheets, pillows that felt like they were made from clouds, and a mattress that was technologically modified to heat up during the winter time. But to Dad I was a princess, so my comment only made the present all the more convenient.
Usually, my bed was like a sanctuary for me. Whenever I crawled into it, I always felt a deep sense of security. But now that feeling of security paled in comparison to another feeling of security. I rested my head against the pillow and closed my eyes, imagining I was in Shadow’s arms again, inhaling his exotic scent, feeling his flawless marble skin beneath my cheek. I curled my hand, imagining it on his ribcage again, his incomparable strength radiating from his powerful muscles. 
But it was his face that I ended up dreaming of. That flawless face with its exotic features, but classic beauty. The blood red highlights in his midnight hair. I dreamed of his beauty and let it wash over me like a waterfall for the remainder of the night. 

*******

 Chapter 3

So begins a war of souls
But diamonds purge the plainest coals
And not by sword or poisoned hymn
By nature’s loving hand of time

Shadow

As I feared, only three days passed before Xavier realized I was still alive. But I had not been idle during that time. I made sure to retrieve the evidence of my assault in the mortal world, and I went through many plans as to how I could dispose of him while keeping the girl safe. I had no concern for my life. Ever since Xavier all but enslaved me, I knew I would not live to see one-thousand. Many elites took Untouchables as their own personal slaves, and some of those elites made Xavier look like nothing. But Xavier would not get the better of me. I would kill him, and then I would die fighting his guards or the soldiers under the royal family. My death would be honorable, and I would have no regrets.
But there was still the matter of the girl. Killing Xavier right now would be impossible, and now that he knew I was alive, he was undoubtedly trying to discover the reason why. If he found it, the girl was doomed.
The girl. Mercedes.
I needed to protect her. My honor would demand nothing else. But I found that my thoughts were straying to her far more than necessary. When her lovely face flashed in my mind, I felt her warmth against my bare skin, saw the fire in her eyes as she boldly claimed she would not give up her life on a chance, however inevitable, that she would be tortured to death. In that moment, I felt something I had never felt for a human before: admiration.
Many would rightfully call her stupid, but there were few humans who would actually fight for their lives rather than use death as an easy escape. I knew she believed me when I told her about Xavier, how he wouldn’t stop until he had her in his clutches. But at the possibility of torture and death, she jutted her chin out and declared that she would battle with fate itself.
I could not even begin to explain how much she surprised me. Humans were supposed to be weak and cowardly. Had I misjudged them, or was Mercedes different?
No matter, I thought savagely. I needed to direct my thoughts to my ultimate purpose: killing Xavier. 
“He’ll summon you soon, Shadow.”
I had to stop myself from snapping at Brandon for stating the obvious. In an attempt to calm myself, I took a long drink of blood alcohol and focused on the sounds of my fellow Untouchables going about their business in the tavern. A woman and her mate were feasting on a willing human man that was groaning in ecstasy and agony. Five male vampires were playing a game of cards. Someone was called a cheater every other minute. A young girl was ordering a drink so potent it would give her a hangover for the next three days.
Sometimes concentrating on sounds had a more therapeutic effect on me than silence. I did not know why. But it did help.
“Shadow, what will you do?”
I opened my eyes and pursed my lips before I regarded Brandon. To humans, he would look like a slight schoolboy of fifteen with gentle features. In reality, he was a four-hundred year old, fully trained Kshatriya. Like me, he continuously suffered his fair share of abuse and enslavement from the elites, but I would freely admit he was a far more admirable individual. He knew nothing would change his status, and he accepted his fate as an Untouchable. He did what he had to do to survive, all the while following his own strict code of honor. 
Unlike me, he could take whatever abuse the elites put his through without taking any form of revenge. I could not help but admire that about him. 
“I am still uncertain,” I said in response to his question.
“Meaning you’re going to do something idiotic and suicidal,” Brandon bitterly translated. “Shadow you survived an assassination attempt from Xavier himself, and now you’re planning to throw your life away again!? Have you no courage?”
I glared at him. “You claim that the reason you bow and scrape to the elites is that your courage would be but a memory if you did not. You claim it takes more courage to live than to die. I respect you for that, but I do not agree. Choosing to die honorably is far more courageous.”
“I know you need to make yourself believe that,” Brandon said softly. “But I’ve seen your torment, Shadow, your self-loathing. Your hatred of the elites is eating you alive. Many of us here care for you, myself included, but you keep your true self locked in an isolated bubble of anguish.”
“Shut up,” I hissed.
“You need to hear this! I eventually managed to control my hatred by finding something to believe in, something I could live for. Even if you succeed in killing Xavier, the royal family will ensure you do not die an honorable death. The only way to escape their wrath would be to commit suicide.” He looked me dead in the eye. “And Xavier still wins.”
My glass nearly cracked from gripping it so tightly. I imagined Brandon’s neck in its place. My mind raced with foul curses, denials, roars of rage. Brandon did not know how deeply I craved freedom, how I longed for a life where I could go wherever I wished without fear of prejudice, assaults, and countless forms of abuse. 
And he certainly did not know how much I loathed myself for having such a dream.
My dream of freedom was so unattainable it was not even laughable. The Untouchables would never be equal to the elites in the eyes of the royal family. My dream had less substance than an illusion. It would never come true.
And yet I could not let it go.
The tavern door burst open and four soldiers entered. 
“Harijan Shadow!” one bellowed. “Come forth, by order of Xavier!”
A hushed silence fell, and all eyes turned to look at me. Brandon’s eyes were filled with sympathy and fear.
“Shadow…”
I took another drink from my glass, ignoring everyone around me. Then I calmly stood up and followed the guards out. 

***

Mercedes

When the weekend was over, I actually considered skipping school for a while. On Sunday night, I ran through several justifications. The most prominent of all was that my life was at stake. Shadow’s life was at stake. And I would take my own life before not doing everything I could to help him fight this powerful enemy.
Eventually I decided that skipping school would look far too suspicious. My attendance record was flawless. I had never missed a day of school in my life. If I started skipping, my friends, classmates, and several teachers would be calling me and pounding at my door until I went crazy from it. Also, Sam and Nadine were very clever. Though I managed to keep my double-life secret from them, it never caused me to skip school. They would think I had gone insane, and they wouldn’t stop hounding me until they got the truth out.
As I thought of my friends, I felt some of my anxiety ease a bit. I was deeply ashamed of the part of me that wanted to confide in them. Maybe they would think I was crazy for a little while, but I knew they would believe me eventually, and that they would do everything they could to support me.
But that was selfish thinking. There was no way in hell I would endanger them that way. This enemy was after Shadow and me alone. No one else could be involved.
“You look less tired today,” Nadine observed as we approached school.
“I feel less tired,” I said.
It was true, but I didn’t tell them I could probably count the hours of sleep I got over the weekend with one hand. Fortunately, my goal to help Shadow gave me the strength that I needed to keep going even when it felt like I was going to collapse.
Not to mention that the small amount of sleep I got was thanks to dreaming of Shadow and imagining him holding me again.
“Mercedes?”
Sam was staring at me curiously.
I blushed. “Oh, it’s nothing.”
“I doubt that,” Nadine said. “No one gets so dreamy-eyed over nothing.”
“It is nothing,” I insisted.
Her brow rose. Then a sly smile curled her lips.
“Thinking about a guy?”
Sam looked at me sharply, his gaze apprehensive.
“I wasn’t thinking about a guy,” I said quietly. “I promise I wasn’t.”
I convinced myself I wasn’t lying, per se. After all, when Nadine asked about a guy, she meant a human guy. 
I sat perfectly still during classes, trying to hide how eager I was to get home. Fortunately, Mr. Price wasn’t in the mood to pick on me today, but he compensated by assigning the class a five page report on the Japanese concentration camps during World War II.
I breathed a sigh of relief. That would be easy enough to do. I had Farewell to Manzanar all but memorized along with three documentaries. I could probably get the entire thing done in an hour at most.
By the time I was in Advanced Trigonometry, I was starting to feel very jittery, and not because I had to fight off several offers from History classmates to buy me lunch in exchange for the entertainment I provided them last week. My research on the murder of Senator Peter Young had led me to a man by the name of Abraham Smith who had moved away from the state of New York and never returned. Also, the banks where he had kept his records endured suspicious power failures a few days before his disappearance. The power resurfaced in all of them soon enough, but their data hadn’t. It seemed like somebody wanted wipe away all traces of their past life before they did a mysterious disappearing act. I wasn’t certain this Abraham Smith (if that was even his name) was a vampire, but I would find out soon enough. If I found even one vampire, it was one step closer to discovering the weaknesses of the enemy.
I only hoped Shadow would save me a lot of trouble and just tell me his name the next time I saw him.
I clenched my fist when I thought of Shadow. Not the beautiful dark god that stood before me, but the burned, tortured victim who had been so brutalized. The enemy would put him through something a million times worse if he wasn’t stopped.
That did it. I had to get out of here now.
“Now then, let’s try another problem,” Mrs. Jackson said. “I’ll make you all a little deal. If even one person can not only solve this problem, but explain how they solved it, I’ll let the class go early.”
Several pairs of eyes rested on me for a brief moment, and I could have sworn Mrs. Jackson winked at me.
She then proceeded to give us a problem that was so long and detailed, even the math whizzes were gaping at her within ten seconds. As she spoke, I ran through all of the possible formulas in my head, disregarding those that could lead me to an answer, but would be very difficult to explain. Like with computer lessons, I was of the opinion that people shouldn’t try to deliberately complicate math to make themselves appear smarter. When they teach it, they should explain it to their students in the most basic language they could manage. By the time Mrs. Jackson fell silent, I already had my hand up.
“Ms. Strand?”
I got up in front of the classroom and broke down the problem as easily as I could. While I didn’t dedicate myself to math as much as I did to computers, I still managed to post lessons online under an alias. Many students, several of my classmates at Morgana included, emailed me often to tell me my lessons were the reason they now didn’t think of math as some demonic force determined to suck the life out of them. One person even told me I was a fool for not selling my lessons. I could make a fortune they said, and it made me laugh. Not because I had enough money already, but because they thought it was about money rather than sharing knowledge. 
As I talked, several students took notes all the while looking as if several light bulbs were going off in their heads. It nearly made me smile. When I finally fell silent, everyone was gaping at me, including Mrs. Jackson. Half the class whistled and applauded while the other half glared at me in jealousy and anger.
“Well done, Mercedes.” Mrs. Jackson was grinning like a Cheshire Cat. “Very, very well done. I gave that problem to Charlie Benson yesterday and it took him nearly half an hour to figure it out.”
I could practically hear my jealous classmates’ jaws grind. Charlie Benson was the superstar of Morgana’s math team. He had won the school five trophies over the past three years in international math competitions. I knew I was quite good at math, but I admit to being shocked that I had actually beaten Charlie Benson.
Not that I would be arrogant about it, of course. “Charlie’s a genius, Mrs. Jackson. It’s just one problem. I guess I just got lucky.”
As promised, she let us out right away. When I saw that she was eyeing me rather intently, I made sure to leave as fast as I could. There was no way I could join math team, especially now.
Sam and Nadine had promised they would wait for me outside Trig (they were still insisting on being my bodyguards), but none of us had counted on Mrs. Jackson letting us out early. I made a mental note to call them and apologize later.
On second thought, I could just send them a text message so they would know that I hadn’t set them up.
I took out my brand new comm and began to type a message when someone roughly yanked the comm away.
“Hey!”
It was Lydia. She was flanked by three other girls. All of them were eyeing me like they were starving wolves and I was a helpless rabbit. I then realized that the hallway we were in was deserted since everyone else was still in class.
“Ohhhh.” Lydia examined my comm, turning it over and back again. “This a new one, little rich whore? What, the last one wasn’t good enough for you? Does Daddy buy you a new one every week?”
“Look at her clothes,” one cronie sneered. “Her parents make, like, a bazillion dollars a year and she dresses like she’s from some poor crack house.” A malicious grin. “Maybe she is. Maybe that’s why she’s rolling in the dough. You from a family of crack whores, rich bitch?”  
 “Are there any messages from Taylor on there?” one of the other girls whispered.
“Maybe,” Lydia mused. She raised the comm to eye-level. “And maybe her diary is on here, too. Wonder how much Taylor will be impressed when he finds out you were born without a uterus.”
I was angry and frustrated, but not because Lydia had my comm. Shadow needed me. I needed to get out of here right away, but I knew I would be delayed even more if I started a fight.
“Lydia, give it back. Please.” My tone was polite but very grave.
“You want it back, little rich bitch?” a brown-haired girl sneered. “Why don’t you take it back?”
“I don’t want any trouble,” I insisted. “Please, just give it back.”
Lydia suddenly frowned. “Why the hell can’t I open her files?”
“They’re encrypted,” I told her. “Unless you know the password, you’ll never get in.”
“Then tell us the password,” another girl demanded.
I smiled. “Why don’t you guess?”
 The brown-haired cronie stepped forward. “How about the password for your pretty nose?”
When I didn’t answer, and she swung at me. I ducked. She aimed another punch at my stomach, and I moved back. She continued to aim clumsy punches and kicks, and I dodged every one. Those Aikido lessons my mother made me take were very useful in situations such as this. Aikido was the type of martial arts that trained you to avoid a fight rather than add to one.
Finally, she lunged at me, aiming to grab me around the middle. I jumped, did a mid-air split, put my hands on her back and pushed myself forward. I flew harmlessly over her while she toppled to the ground. 
 “Rich whore!” she bellowed and leaped to her feet. 
“Is there a problem here?”
It was Taylor, dressed in a black shirt that hugged his muscular torso, and jeans that emphasized his slim hips. Slowly, he sauntered forward.
“I said is there a problem?” he repeated with deadly calm.
Looking like a deer caught in headlights under those cold brown eyes, Lydia took a step back.
“Hey, Taylor!” she said breathlessly as she struggled to regain her dignity. “No, there’s no problem. No problem at all. We were just talking, just—”
“Does that comm belong to you?”
“What? I…”
“If it doesn’t belong to you, then you need to give it back to its owner.”
Face going a shade of red to match her hair, eyes darting between Taylor and I with rising outrage, jealousy, and humiliation, Lydia just stood there, shaking.
“Lydia.”
Taylor didn’t need to shout. The authority in his voice was unmistakable. 
Gritting her teeth against the tears, Lydia held out her arm without looking at me. I took my comm back. As if she were suddenly hit with the knowledge of her defeat, Lydia started shouting at Taylor.
“Why are you defending her!? She’s just a rich whore! An ugly, selfish, rich wh—”
“She’s the most beautiful girl in this school,” Taylor declared. “More beautiful than you could ever hope to be.”
I bowed my head to hide the flush that crept up my cheeks. I knew I wasn’t beautiful, but hearing Taylor call me beautiful so fervently almost made me believe it.
Tears streaming down her face, Lydia turned on her heel and stalked away with a furious, humiliated snarl along with her cronies. When I finally looked up again, I saw Taylor smiling at me.
“Thanks,” I whispered.
He waved a dismissive hand. “No problem. I saw that you’re quite capable of taking care of yourself, but I didn’t want to see anyone get hurt, least of all you.”
“Well, the only thing that really got hurt was Lydia’s pride,” I said, smiling.
Students began filing out of their classrooms. Taylor walked beside me as I headed for the exit.
“I tried calling you a couple of times over the weekend, but I guess you were really busy.”
“No, I was sick, actually,” I said, hoping my voice sounded convincing. “Just needed some time to recover.” I began to walk faster.
“Hey, where’s the fire?”
“I’m sorry, there’s something very important that I have to take care of!” I said urgently. “I’ll see you tomorrow!”

***

Shadow

“Ah, my Harijan. You’re looking well.”
I kept my eyes on the floor as I always did when kneeling at the bastard’s feet.
“Remarkably well.”
My expression remained blank as stone.
“A bit too well.”
I said nothing.
“Who gave you aide, Harijan? Who would be so bold and so idiotic as to risk my wrath for the likes of you?” Xavier’s voice was casual and thoughtful. “Was it Brandon? I know you two are quite close. Was it your pet Evanescence? Perhaps. How long do you believe they will last in the Lazarus Pit?”
Fear gripped my heart. The Lazarus Pit was the worst nightmare of anyone, mortal or immortal alike. It was a pit a mile deep and filled with infant Evanescence. If a vampire was put in there, they would be able to fight, but they would also be slowly eaten alive. There was no escape from the Lazarus Pit.
“Oh, no need to fear, Harijan. It was merely a question in passing. I don’t particularly care for punishing those who cross me with the Lazarus Pit. I prefer more personal revenge.” A strong hand gripped my jaw. “Who helped you, Harijan? Just tell me, and you will be spared punishment. In fact, I will give you my word that you will never need to fear for your life again. Tell me who helped you, Shadow.”
The vile sensation of Xavier’s touch suddenly vanished when an image flashed in my mind. Mercedes on my bed, her eyes burning with defiance.
And the will to live.
I looked right into Xavier’s eyes and gave him my answer.
“Never.”
Xavier smiled.
“As you wish.”
He signaled with his hand and I was knocked unconscious. I awoke to loud cheers that echoed all around me. Getting to my feet, I looked around. I was in a large arena, and countless elites were in the barracks. They jeered and hissed at me for several minutes, but then fell silent.
“My fellow noble elites!” Xavier’s voice echoed through the arena. “This Harijan that you see before you does not appreciate it when his hard work is rewarded. He has served me well, brought countless criminals to justice, so I decided to reward him. I granted him a genuine Bloodless card!”
This was met with several gasps of outrage and incredulity.
“I thought he would be grateful.” Xavier’s tone took a sorrowful edge. “I thought he would enjoy privileges his kind has been denied for hundreds of years. And what was his reply? He spat on my generosity, fellow nobles! He took the Bloodless card only to snap it in half and throw it in my face. He then said ‘My pet Evanescence will lay you to rest in both this life and the next!’”
“Liar!” I bellowed.
I needn’t have bothered. The elites were now howling for my blood. They effortlessly drowned me out.
“I am very touched by your indignation on my behalf, fellow nobles, but the Harijan’s pet Evanescence could never hope to surprise me. For one thing, it would have to get through my pet Evanescence first.”
An enormous metal door at the end of the arena began to open. I braced myself. A low growl emitted from the darkness. A mere second later, a huge Evanescence leaped forward. It opened its mouth revealing teeth as long and sharp as katanas, and roared. The sounded made the walls shake.
It lunged for me, and I leaped back. This Evanescence was about thirty times bigger than Blackhole. Silver veins bulged and writhed under its dark flesh, emphasizing its vast age and strength. The second time it lunged for me, mouth opening wide with the intention of swallowing me whole, I ran around to avoid its jaws and extended my claws. They tore a gaping wound into its side. Unfortunately, the pain only seemed to increase its strength. With a shriek, it whipped its tail and walloped me on the leg. I was thrown back, but managed to twist in midair and land on my feet. Before it could regain its balance, I crossed the distance between us and slashed at it again. I rolled under it before it could bite me and emerged on the far side of the arena. 
My enemy was hurt. Oily blood flowed from its wounds, staining the ground. I knew Xavier had put this one through unspeakable torment. It was the only way to purge an Evanescence of anything resembling rationality let alone a conscience. There was more emotion in its gaping maw than its rabid eyes.  
I eyed that maw, feeling a very familiar hunger rise in me. I could kill it. Not only that, I could die with it. There were very few vampires skilled enough to kill an Evanescence as powerful as this one. Its death would earn me legacy forever, even if I were an Untouchable. Not even Xavier would be able to take that away from me. Here was my honorable death.
Handed to me right on a silver platter.
Xavier. Of course. He knew what I wanted. Loathe as I was to admit it, he knew me better than anyone. He knew how much I desired to abandon my unattainable dream. More importantly, he knew I was unable to.
He was dangling my heart’s desire…my second heart’s desire right in front of my nose. Dying with the Evanescence, I would be free from my impossible, torturous dream. I would be free.
Fangs bared, I readied myself to jump.
“Do you fear death? Are you a coward?”
“Only if I give up. I love my life, and I love the people in it. I’m not throwing everything away just because there’s a chance I may die soon.”
I would be free.
And all it would cost was the pain and suffering of a lowly human girl. A lowly human girl who had saved my life. A lowly human girl I had sworn to protect to the best of my ability.
A lowly human girl named Mercedes Strand.
The Evanescence grew bored with my lack of movement and went for me. For a moment, I just stood there. Just as it was about to swallow me, I rolled under the creature and plunged my arm into its belly, ripping through skin, muscle, and bone until I found the heart. I leaped out from under the creature before it could collapse on me.
I stood there, my left arm coated in blood and bits and pieces of ruptured organs. The Evanescence emitted a pitiful moaning sound before breathing its last. Its heart dangled from my fist by the thin arteries protruding from the top.
Perseus slaying the Gorgon.
The crowd was utterly silent. I raised the heart above my head and roared to the heavens above. The elites joined in a moment later. But unlike last time, the sounds they made were of ones who had just consumed a gluttonous amount of rich blood. Satisfaction, but no praise. I did not care.
“Congratulations, Harijan.” Xavier’s voice rang through the arena. He sounded incredibly pleased. “You have earned your life today. Hopefully, you will continue to earn it.”
He was correct. I did not leave empty-handed. I left with my life, and I left knowing what his plan was: he wanted to break me. He would continue to dangle a death more honorable than the last in front of my nose. He hoped I would go insane from fighting against my desires, all for the safety of the one who had rescued me. 
Mercedes…
When I returned home, I felt a sudden longing to see her. To see if she was still safe. It was illogical and humiliating, but the longing remained. Blackhole felt it through our bond and grew more restless as the hours passed. 
“I apologize,” I told him. “It is not my intention to cause you distress.”
He circled around me, yipping. He wanted to tell me something. I knelt down and put a hand on his head. I closed my eyes and opened our bond.
Ease your distress, friend. Ease it.
That is easier said than done, my friend. What I feel when I see her face—when I remember that fire in her eyes…
You are afraid.
I could not hide from Blackhole.
I am afraid.
Ease your distress, friend. For both of us. 

***

Mercedes

“Mercedes, I do wish you would return to your regular routine of walking into your room instead of running. It’s far safer. A few seconds will hardly make much difference.”
“A few seconds makes all the difference, Lulu,” I said. I absentmindedly rubbed the knee that collided with my desk thanks to my haste to get back to work. “I told you already, I’m not letting him fight alone.”
Yesterday, unable to help myself, I had spilled to Lulu everything about Shadow. Fortunately, I was also able to swear her to secrecy. 
“Judging from what you told me about his disposition, he may be quite reluctant to let you fight by his side.”
“I didn’t mean literally,” I said. “But I can still be useful.”
“That you can. For his sake, I hope he accepts your aide. He would be a fool not to.”
“He’s not a fool,” I said firmly. I pictured his dark eyes in my mind. So beautiful, so wild, yet containing an intelligence that surpassed countless humans. 
I continued to work. Time passed in a blur.
“Mercedes, it’s passed your bedtime.”
“I know,” I muttered. “Just a few more minutes.”
“To you, minutes means hours.”
“Lulu, please, I…Ahhh!”
“Mercedes! Are you all right? Shall I call--?”
“No,” I said sharply. My hand was pressed against the scar on my neck, which all of a sudden had grown very warm. “I’m fine.”
I quickly got up and went into the bathroom. Looking at my neck, I saw that the mark Shadow had carved into my flesh, very faint before, was now fully visible. It consisted of four dragon-like heads, each one placed inside the V section of an X. The scar was about the size of a silver dollar, but the detail was so extraordinary, it looked more like a tattoo than a scar. I could clearly see the details of the dragon heads. Two were white, but the other two were black. The X was black as well. I wondered if X’s and dragon heads were prominent cultural symbols in vampire society. 
Or maybe they were simply marks of slavery. 
I noticed that the skin surrounding the mark looked rather flushed. It didn’t hurt, but it had been very surprising. Why would it grow so warm all of a sudden?
My blood froze when realization dawned on me.
Shadow. 
He was signaling to me, letting me know he was near.
He wanted to see me.
Breathing slightly labored, I hugged myself in an effort to calm my now racing heart.
“Mercedes, you must tell me why you appear so distressed or I will be forced to call the doctor.”
“I’m fine, Lulu,” I said. My hands gripped my elbows. “It’s Shadow. He’s outside.”
“He desires you to meet him?”
I stared at the floor. “Yes.”
“What will you do?”
I bit my lip. My decision was already made. “Lulu, can you make sure the security cams don’t see me?”
“I will if you give me your word he can be trusted.”
I nodded fervently. “I trust him.”
“Then I will ensure you both remained hidden.”
“Thanks, Lulu,” I whispered and raced downstairs.
As I neared the back entrance, my scar, which had begun to cool down a bit, grew warmer. I opened the back door and stepped out into the cool night air. Looking around, I only saw the patio and the trees swaying in the wind on our five-hundred acres of land. Thanks to the patio lights, I could see just fine, but up ahead in the trees, there was only pure darkness. 
“Mercedes.”
It was as if the wind itself had whispered my name.
“Don’t be afraid. Come to me.”
The voice was coming from the trees. From the darkness.
I flicked on a dim comm light and stepped off the patio. I walked very slowly into the trees, and weaved around them. I followed both the growing warmth of my scar and the whispers of the darkness.
I was nearly a quarter mile in when he emerged from behind a tree. I gasped in surprise, but didn’t drop my comm.
At least he’s fully dressed now, was my first thought, and I winced inwardly at how dumb it was. His clothing reminded me of both a ninja and a knight from outer space; all black, complete with light, but spiky armor on his arms and legs. It wasn’t fitted against his form, but no amount of armor or clothing could hide the powerful physique underneath. His boots made absolutely no sound as he approached me. Or at least no sound my limited hearing could detect. He stopped in front of me. No feature escaped me, despite the dimness of the comm light. In that moment, I was certain I would be able to see his beauty in the darkest night. It took my breath away. All I could do was stare.
“Are you afraid?”
His voice was low. Melodious.
“I’m…nervous,” I admitted.
I heard him sigh. “I gave you good reason to be terrified.”
“Will you threaten me again?” I asked, my voice low.
“I will not,” he said. He took another step forward. “I owe you an apology for before. Terrifying or hurting an innocent human is one of the most dishonorable things I could do. Especially one I swore to protect. I ask your forgiveness.”
I nodded, but I would admit to being nervous still. 
Shadow gave me a brief once over, then glanced around the forest.
“Perhaps this is not the most comfortable place for a conversation. Will you allow me to take you elsewhere?”
I blinked, surprised.
“What do you mean by elsewhere?”
“There are places in this world that are secluded. Places where humans have yet to venture.” A note of urgency entered his tone. “I made certain I was not followed, but it would be the pinnacle of arrogance to underestimate…” he stopped himself and I saw a flash of terrifying hatred in his eyes. “Will you accompany me? You do not have to worry about time. I can bring you back within minutes if you wish.”
I looked down, my mind racing. I trusted him, but the thought of going off alone with someone…a vampire I barely knew scared me more than a little.
“The decision is yours and yours alone,” he said.
I looked him right in the eye. And I did what I felt was right.
“Okay,” I whispered, but I made sure to press a button on my comm that would signal to Lulu I would be gone for a little while. Shadow lifted me in his arms and took off in a burst of speed.
I gasped and held onto his neck as the wind whipped at my face. The trees passed us in a blur. Though I couldn’t make out where we were going, I estimated his speed was at least five-hundred miles per hour!
When he stopped, I realized we had reached the beginning of the city. Shadow crouched behind a wall as a few people walked by.
“Remain utterly silent,” he whispered.
I nodded.
When the people passed, Shadow crossed the street in less than a second. He set me down in front of the wall of a building before retracting that strange wand-like device he used before to create a portal. He bit his finger and smeared his blood on the tip before slashing the wall with the wand. A portal immediately opened up.
Shadow reached for my hand. 
“Quickly!”
I hesitated for a split second before taking it. He pulled me into the portal, and I felt the same incredibly odd spinning sensation that seemed to affect my very essence at a subatomic level. When it was over, I felt extremely dizzy, almost nauseous. Before I could fall to my knees, Shadow caught me.
“Just breathe.”
I obeyed, concentrating on my breaths. This time it only took a few moments for the queasy feeling to fade. When I looked up, I gasped.  
We were in a field…no, it was a cliff. A cliff overlooking a magnificent ocean. Wherever we were, it was still late at night. A breath-taking full moon hung high in the sky. The air was cool and dry, and so refreshingly quiet. I looked around in wonder.
“I had a feeling you would appreciate a view like this.”
Shadow walked up next to me, his dark beauty so out of place, even under the silver light of the moon. 
“And you don’t?” I responded, my tone slightly challenging.
He looked at me. “You were in my home. You saw what my preferences are.”
His face like his tone was suddenly devoid of emotion. I bit my lip. 
“Shadow, we really need to talk.”
“That we do.” I was relieved at the display of some emotion even if it was merely a silver of urgency. “My enemy is searching for you as we speak. The danger you are in is very great.” He looked me dead in the eye. “If you decide that you desire the mercy of a quick death, I will grant it. You need only say the word.”
“I gave you my answer to that already,” I replied firmly. “It hasn’t changed. Shadow, you need to tell me about this enemy. If I can find information on him—”
“I gave you my answer to that already,” he cut me of ruthlessly. “Be thankful for your ignorance, and do not ask questions of anyone. Do not. If even a rumor is heard, the protection of my mark will mean nothing.”
“I didn’t mean I wanted to ask total strangers questions.” I held my hands up, trying to calm him. “I can…I can find information through other means. Just give me his name.”
He was incredulous. “You are that foolish? That determined to get yourself killed?”
He didn’t understand, and he needed to. Now was the time to shock him.
“Does the name Abraham Smith mean anything to you?”
I didn’t think it was possible for his marble flesh to grow any paler. He proved me wrong.
“Where did you hear that?” He gripped my shoulders, his beautiful face terrifying in its urgency. “Tell me how you heard that name right now!”
“Is he a vampire?” I shot back.
“Girl, if you do not answer me—”
“—you’ll hurt me?”
Maybe it was the soft, calm way I asked the question. Or maybe it was just the question itself. Shadow’s grip on me loosened as he attempted to calm himself.
“Mercedes,” he said in a perfectly controlled voice. “Tell me where you heard that name.”
“Abraham Smith was one of the advisors of Senator Peter Young. When Young died, Smith disappeared. I searched for his bank records, but they were all wiped clean from the databases.” My eyes narrowed. “But that doesn’t matter. I’ll find the alias Abraham Smith is using now soon enough.”
Shadow blinked, realization dawning in his eyes.
“You are a hacker?”
There it was. My secret revealed to someone I barely knew. But I didn’t feel naked or vulnerable. I felt strong, almost relieved like a heavy burden was suddenly removed from my shoulders.
“Yes,” I said. “If you use a computer, any kind of computer, nothing you put in it is safe from me.” I put my hands on his arms. “Shadow, give me his name. I can find information on his friends, his family, his dealings, his secrets. I can help you defeat him.”
I could see his mind racing, see him going through a whirlwind of possibilities. Finally, he released me and backed away a step.
“It is not so simple,” he said. “Skilled as you may be in the mortal world, you could not retrieve encrypted information that resides in vampire technology. It is far more advanced than yours.”
“I’ll never know unless I try!” 
“I took a very great risk smuggling you into the vampire world once,” Shadow countered. “He has spies everywhere. And the game he forces me to play—”
Something crossed his face then: pain. It was the same pain…the same torment I had seen the last time. And it was old. Very old. I couldn’t estimate how long he had been living with it.
“Never mind,” he cut himself off, anger returning to his eyes. “The risks of bringing you to the vampire world are far too great. And I suggest you discontinue your research on Abraham Smith. Whatever secrets that may be a threat to the enemy are guaranteed to reside in the vampire world.”
“You don’t know that,” I said. “If he has connections to this world, then there’s still a chance—”
“I am the only one who has hope of defeating him!” he snarled. He turned away so sharply that I blinked. His eyes were glowing that pale, feral blue. His fangs glistened in the moonlight. His body was slightly hunched, and he was looking at his trembling hands. 
“I will kill him,” he hissed in a voice that didn’t have a shred of humanity in it. “I will tear him to shreds. I will feast on his heart. Even if he takes me with him, I will kill him.”
I could feel the hatred and suffering radiating from him, and the desire to ease it was overwhelming. But I had to be careful. The same with the abused women I helped, I couldn’t just ask him about deeply personal things without earning his trust first. 
Then he looked at me again, and I saw something in his eyes I had seen before many times.
The desire for death.
When I first started volunteering at Women’s Aid, I had been very naïve. I couldn’t comprehend why someone would want to die. But after hearing countless stories, I began to understand why. Putting someone through intense abuse, whether verbal or physical, planted feelings of worthlessness in the soul. Man or woman, those feelings could grow to the point where they believed they didn’t deserve happiness, or love, or even acceptance. They felt trapped in their own dark world and the only way to escape was…
Slowly, I stepped forward and put a hand on Shadow’s arm. He didn’t stop me.
“Shadow, I don’t know you. I don’t know what you’ve been through, and I’m not going to ask. But I want you to know that I will help you defeat our enemy in any way I can. I swear this to you. As you swore to protect me.”
He stared at me. I felt uncomfortable under his scrutiny, but I stood my ground even as he drew himself up to his full height.
“Your innocent reality was shattered mere days ago,” he said. “You believe beyond any doubt that the enemy could find you at any moment. Yet the hope in your eyes…” he cupped my chin, and I shivered at the feel of his icy, marble skin. “It is fervent. Unshakable. You are not ashamed of it?”
“Why should I be?” I asked. 
“Because you are battling with fate itself. Those who do so often lose badly.”
I gave a small nod. “I know. But I have many things…many people to live for. And I’ll protect them with everything I have.” I put my hand on his wrist. “Including you.”
I held my breath as he stared into my soul. Could he read minds? No. If he could hear everything I’ve thought in his presence, he would have told me a while ago. But the way his gaze was piercing mine…it was like he was trying to discover who I really was while attempting to solve an impossible puzzle at the same time. When he let me go, his face was blank.
“Come. It is time for me to return you home.”
I followed him as he walked toward the rocky wall we had come through.
“You’re not going to stop me from trying to find other vampires?” I asked, surprised.
“Your life is your own,” he replied shortly. “You are free to do as you wish. I have already informed you of the risks you are taking.”
I was relieved, but I wasn’t satisfied.
“Shadow, you need to tell me if there’s any information I can find. Our enemy…whoever he is…he has to have contacts here, meaning he’s done dealings here. Does he have bosses? Could they punish him if they caught him going out of line?”
Shadow turned to look at me sharply, his expression frustrated.
“You are a stubborn one, aren’t you?”
I grinned. “What was your first clue?”
His eyes widened in surprise. Their color had returned to that breathtaking black, but they weren’t cold and hard. In fact, as they rested on my face, they actually softened somewhat.
“It is not safe for us to remain together in any location for long.” He turned away and judging from his tone, he sounded like he couldn’t believe what he was saying. “We will meet again in three days' time. Continue your search if you wish. Show me your findings when I see you again.”
“Is there any chance you can tell me his name?”
I heard his jaw grind. 
“Xavier.” Loathing dripped off every syllable.
“Shadow…” my tone was cautious. I may be pushing my luck, but the more information I had, the better. “Can you tell me about vampire society?”
He stiffened and for a moment, I thought he would whirl around and yell at me.
“I will consider it,” he said at last in a remarkably controlled voice. He held out his arm. “Come.”
We went through the portal, and I was grateful my nausea was not as great as last time when we emerged. Apparently, I just needed to get used to it. Shadow lifted me in his arms again and we ran through the forest. I clung to his neck, reveling in the security. But I also felt a strong desire to protect as well.
You won’t fight alone, I silently vowed again. I’ll protect you. I promise.
It was over far too soon. He set me on my feet, but didn’t let go of me right away. I didn’t let go of him either. As I stared at those flawless, sculpted features, I wondered how old he was. Physically, he looked to be in his late twenties, early thirties at latest. But he was immortal. Had he ever been human? If he told me no, I would believe him in an instant. He looked so exotic and ethereal, like a dark angel from outer space.
His hand came up to rest against my cheek. His face inched closer to mine. Was he going to kiss me? My heart threatened to burst at the thought.
“Three days, Mercedes,” he whispered. I shivered when his fingertips brushed the scar on my neck. “You will know when and where.”
He moved so fast, I thought he had teleported. The branches swayed in the wake of his departure. I don’t know how long I just stood there, staring into the darkness. Eventually I regained my senses and made to go back inside. I stopped when I saw something by the patio door.
It was my backpack. The one I had lost when…
I ran to it and dropped to my knees. Everything was inside, including my old comm. The smile I now wore threatened to split my face. Before I went inside, I looked back into the trees.
“Thank you,” I whispered.  

***

Shadow

Several times during my five-hundred years of life, I contemplated whether I was going mad or not. If I felt I was, my reactions ranged from apathy to morbid curiosity. Never fear, shame, or incredulity that made me want to clutch my head and let out a scream that would shake the foundations of the earth. 
I had wanted to see Mercedes for the sole sake of quelling these…these…feelings that churned within me whenever I thought of her. I thought I would discover the origin of these feelings upon seeing her again. I thought I would discover how to make them disappear. I wanted them to disappear. Instead they remained. The only difference was they were ten times more potent than before.
I would admit I admired her, however irritating her stubbornness could be. She was no damsel in distress. She would fight tooth and nail for her life, for people she loved.
For me.
She would fight for my sake.
And she meant it.
I could not ask why for fear of the madness taking over me. Moreover, my feelings for Mercedes were irrelevant right now. I needed to keep her safe from Xavier. I needed to kill Xavier.
But I considered Mercedes’ idea. Discovering she was a talented hacker was surprising, but not unwelcoming. I had underestimated her. Perhaps her skills could be used against Xavier. She had his name now, and if I told her more about vampire society, she could discover something truly incriminating. No elite kept their status by being kind. All elites were incredibly ruthless and dangerous in their own unique ways. I would bet my life that Xavier had indirectly committed crimes against the royal family. And in Brandon’s own words, there was no escape from the royal family. Any Untouchable could evade the wrath of an elite for a time, perhaps even do something to redeem themselves. But if anyone, Untouchable or elite crossed the royal family, they should do themselves a favor and stake themselves. Mercedes was right. Even if Xavier’s secrets were guarded by vampire encryption, he had many contacts and conducted many dealings in the mortal world. 
As did the royal family.
I stored the idea away to contemplate at a later time as I neared my apartment. My focus shifted to my own next move. I had anything but abandoned the possibility of killing Xavier myself, but I did not know how close he was to finding Mercedes. And I did not know how many others were involved. He could order his minions to go after her, and they would obey his orders, posthumously or not.
My mind was racing when I opened the door, but came to a halt when I sensed something was wrong. Not assassins, but…
“Blackhole?” I called. I whipped out a silver blade smeared with garlic. “Blackhole?”
Every sense on red alert, I inched my way through my apartment. It was eerily quiet, but I knew someone was here. Or had been here.
Blackhole.
Fangs exploding in my mouth, I snarled and sped through the rest of my apartment. I found Blackhole in the washing area, trapped in a cage. He was yipping and barking in rage, but I was deeply relieved to see he was unharmed. The cage he was in was sound proof and designed to block certain aspects of a bond between an Evanescence and a vampire. Had he been harmed, I would have sensed his pain, regardless of the cage, and I would have come to his aid. I knew it was the only reason he was unharmed.
I ripped off the front of the cage and Blackhole immediately leaped out.
“Who did this?” I demanded, reaching out to touch him.
Blackhole ran out of the washing room. I made to grab him, but then he turned around and started barking rapidly. He wanted me to follow him.
When we reached my sleeping quarters, he was yipping and whining at the closet door. Terror and rage seized my heart when I saw the cross on it. Red paint. Not blood, or I would have smelled it right away.
“Mercedes,” I whispered, and tore the door down.
It wasn’t Mercedes. It was Brandon. Bound in silver chains, his veins swollen from garlic poisoning. 
Growling, I ripped the chains off. I was not wearing my gloves, but my burns would heal in seconds. Brandon on the other hand…
“Brandon?” I kept my voice low. “Brandon, can you hear me?”
A very soft groan emitted from his lips. Burned, swollen lips. He had been forced to orally ingest the garlic that was now in his system.
I ripped a blood ration pack from my belt and gently tipped his head up. He drank slowly. It took him over five minutes to finish. I fed him another ration pack before carrying him to my cot. I sat in a chair beside him, knowing there was little else I could do. Vampire hospitals did exist since, despite our extraordinary healing abilities, we sometimes suffered injuries that needed extra treating in order to speed up the process. However, all hospitals were controlled by the elites. Sometimes desperate Untouchables staggered inside, knowing they would die if they did not receive help. And so far, not a single one ever came out.
My hands gripped my knees in an effort to mollify my anger. Xavier liked it when I played his games. Sometimes he wanted me to win. Even so, I always paid for my victories.
A low whine caught my attention. Blackhole cautiously approached me, his eyes sorrowful. He leaped onto my lap, and I began to stroke him. 
“Thank you, my friend,” I whispered.
Brandon suddenly groaned. When I looked at him, I saw that his veins were becoming less visible. The garlic dose had not been fatal, but it was a full hour before he was able to sit up again.
“What happened?” I asked.
He swallowed a mouthful of blood from a fifth ration and grimaced. “Soldiers under an elite,” he rasped. “I was visiting Morgan, and they broke into her home. They injected her with garlic and ripped her clothes off…” his eyes grew dark with hatred. “…they made me watch before they chained me up and force-fed me garlic. I don’t remember blacking out.” He swallowed the rest of the ration and attempted to stand up. “I have to go back and see if Morgan’s all right…”
He swayed and I caught him. “Do not be foolish,” I hissed. “You are in no condition to leave. Sit down and drink some more blood.”
“Hypocrite,” Brandon muttered, but obeyed.
I stared at his weakened form. At his deeply worried expression, wondering whether or not Morgan, his lover of fifty years, was still alive. My fangs dug into my gums.
“Xavier,” I snarled. “He is responsible.”
“Really?” Brandon’s smile was weary, his voice gentle. “Who would have thought? Your battle against that monster Evanescence only made you the number one celebrity Outcast of the century.”
“You dare to joke!?” I roared. “You know you and your lover just endured gruesome torture because of my quarrel with Xavier! Because of your connection to me!”
“I don’t hate you Shadow,” Brandon said softly. “Much as I hate to admit it, I wish I were more like you.”
“Really?” I said sarcastically. “If I recall correctly, you called me a coward for wishing to die with honor. Or as you put it, ‘throw my life away.’ I thought it took more courage to live than to die.”
 “Oh, don’t get me wrong, I don’t envy your self-hatred,” Brandon said. “And it is cowardly to throw your life away. But even though I’ve controlled my hatred, I have resigned myself to my Outcast status. But you fight against it in any way you can. You have hope for a better life.” He sighed. “If only you weren’t ashamed of it, you would have a precious dream to live for.”
So he did know about my dream and my shame. That was not surprising. Brandon was clever and I was not famous for hiding my emotions. Surprisingly, I only felt annoyance instead of humiliation. 
I growled. “Sentimental child.”
Brandon smiled. It was a cheeky expression that made him appear as youthful as he physically appeared. “Grumpy old man.” But then his face grew serious. “What are you going to do, Shadow? Just tell me you won’t challenge Xavier directly. That would be a mistake.”
“I have no intention of doing so,” I said. If Xavier was resorting to torturing those who had a connection to me, then provoking him would only make him double his efforts of finding Mercedes.
“You don’t?” Brandon, asked, stunned.
I did not reply. Brandon’s eyes grew suspicious.
“Who saved you, Shadow? Who are you protecting?”
“That is none of your concern,” I said coldly. “I will kill Xavier, but I will not be careless.”
“Your eyes are so fierce, so protective,” Brandon murmured. Then he began to grin. “Who is she, Shadow?”
My face went blank. “I beg your pardon?”
To my supreme irritation, his smile only widened. “The Shadow I knew would have gone on a soldier hunt after today’s events. But you don’t want to provoke Xavier. And it’s not because you want to protect yourself.”
“I do not know what you are talking about.”
“She’s human, isn’t she?” Brandon’s voice was hushed with awe. “A human woman found you after Xavier’s soldiers—”
“Silence!” I snarled.
“Your caution, your sudden willingness not to throw your life away, it’s all for the sake of a human woman.” Brandon voice dropped to barely above a whisper. “Do you love her?”
I nearly grabbed Brandon by the throat, but that would have been beneath me. 
“Well, I suppose that’s not the important issue at hand,” he allowed. “I wish I could give you advice on how to protect her, but if Xavier wants to find her, he will.”
“He will not,” I declared. “I will make certain of that.”
Brandon nodded. “If anyone can protect a human woman from one of the most ruthless elites to walk the earth, it is you, my friend.” When he tried to stand up again, I did not stop him. “I need to see Morgan now. But I will have you know that your determination has inspired me.”
“Oh?” I said coolly, sarcastically.
“Yes,” Brandon responded, unfazed at my tone. “For years I was afraid that if I fought against my Outcast status, my hatred would consume me once more. I was afraid of becoming like you. But now I see that hatred can be a lethal weapon if it’s honed.” He smiled. “And kept in check by love.”
“I do not love her,” I snarled.
“But you’re willing to do whatever it takes to protect her. And your feelings for her frighten you.”
“Shut up.”
“Yes, I’ve probably lectured you enough for one day.” Brandon headed for the door. “But if you need any help in taking down Xavier, you need only say the word.”
I scowled at his retreating back.

***

Mercedes

Working on two projects simultaneously was a skill I had mastered a long time ago. Today I put it to good use in computer class. I could not risk searching for this Xavier on school computers. It was be extremely arrogant to do so. Skilled as I was, the possibility that I would slip up would always exist. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if Xavier went after the hundreds of students and teachers in this school. If he went after my friends.
I needed to find links to Xavier. But that didn’t mean I would abandon my duties to the victims at Women’s Aid. I gave Janelle her new ID card three days ago, and my latest customer was a woman named Gabrielle. 
Okay, she wasn’t a customer. I never accepted money from any of these women. Even if my family wasn’t wealthy, I would never accept a fee. These women needed everything they had if they wanted to start their lives anew. Also there was the fact that I earned a good deal of revenue from various business deals I conducted on the Internet. 
Gabrielle was an illegal immigrant who had been taken in as the mistress of a wealthy businessman by the name of Louis Travis. She confided in me that she had loved him before he revealed a domineering and even racist side. She wanted to escape, but feared going back to her home country, Brazil. I knew she would be safe in the United States, but she needed proper documentation if she didn’t want to risk getting kicked out of the country. So while I worked on my latest Operating Systems lesson in computer class, I hacked on my comm. I was very grateful to Shadow for returning it. It would have taken hours to upload all those apps and programs I designed onto my new comm. 
I shivered when I thought of Shadow. Of his beautiful, tormented face. That cold, yet comforting touch on my cheek. The way his obsidian eyes reflected the white moonlight as he bent down. He hadn’t kissed me, and I found I was more disappointed than I should be. Taken as I was with his beauty, I didn’t really know him. But I felt such a strong connection to him. I wanted desperately to know him, for him to trust me. He accepted my help in the plan to defeat Xavier, and he wanted me to meet him tomorrow. Over the past two days, I found myself touching the scar on my neck, hoping it would grow warm again.
Tomorrow, I thought as my finger traced the mark. I’ll see him tomorrow. 


*******

Chapter 4

Truth and beauty can you stay
Just one full night as lovers lay?
Your bed is ash by evil’s fire
Your only home, your one true pyre 

Xavier

“Lord Xavier. The Harijan is on his way.”
“Good,” I murmured. “Did you record the meetings between him and the human girl?”
My servant pushed a rather battered Evanescence toward me. I ignored its despicable whining and bent down. I created a temporary bond with the beast and overpowered its efforts to keep said bond balanced. I then took what I needed.
The Harijan standing with the girl in the middle of the woods. 
The Harijan talking with the girl in an isolated area in the mortal world. I heard only a few words of conversation, but they pleased me more than I could say. What’s more, their body language told me all I needed to know.
The Harijan standing with the girl outside her home. Her pathetic, awestruck eyes never leaving his face. The Harijan touching her cheek, moving in closer as if to kiss her.
The Evanescence began to shriek. I felt both rage and amusement at its defiance.
You think to thwart me, mindless beast? I laughed and ripped the remainder of its mind to pieces. 
Stop! It sobbed and begged. Please, please, PLEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEEEEE!
It died hearing my laughter, which was how I preferred all who challenged me to die. 
Once I was out of the beast’s mind, I rose to my feet, smiling.
“As I hoped, he is falling in love with her.”
“What are your orders, my lord?”
“Do not disturb their interactions, but keep having Evanescence record them. Once I deem his love strong enough, bring the girl to me. He will follow, and I will throw her into the Lazarus Pit while he watches.”
“A human will not last long in the Lazarus Pit, lord.”
I smiled. “She will last long enough.” 

***

Mercedes

At long last, the third day arrived. I knew Shadow would only be able to see me when night fell, so I used my time wisely. In my backpack were files and documents that I hoped would be useful for our battle against Xavier. 
“Why don’t you tell me about him?”
I peered at Nadine. We were sitting together at lunch. Unfortunately, Sam couldn’t join us since his meeting with the debate team was going on longer than expected.
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
Her smiled grew disbelieving. “Come on, Mercedes. That dreamy look you’ve been wearing for the past couple of weeks has only grown every day. I know it’s a guy, I just don’t know who.”
“Is it true that you turned Taylor down?” a blonde girl named Valerie Morris asked in a hushed voice. We weren’t close friends, but I liked her well enough, though her tendency to get excited over relatively insignificant things could get out of hand at times. “My God, Mercedes, are you crazy?”
“Look, he’s very handsome and very sweet, but I’m just not into him,” I said. “I’m into…” I bit my lip and looked down.
Valerie and Nadine exchanged incredulous looks.
“Can you at least describe him?” Valerie whispered. “I mean, if you’re not into Taylor, I can’t even begin to imagine how hot your mystery guy must be. Is he, like, an Adonis or something?”
An Adonis couldn’t compete with Shadow in a million years in my opinion. But I didn’t say so out loud.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Nadine grinned. “But Mercedes, you should know that the rumors are flying around. The football team has reported that Taylor’s been moody and distracted lately. Not to mention…” she trailed off.
“What?” I prompted.
She looked at me with pained eyes. “Haven’t you noticed Sam’s behavior?”
I had. Sam treated me with the same kindness and respect that he always had, but I could tell I was hurting him. I hadn’t talked to him yet for fear of hurting him more, but I knew that was the coward’s way out.
“I’ll talk to him,” I promised.
Unfortunately, I couldn’t find him after lunch. Once school let out, I asked members of the debate team his whereabouts, but they all claimed he left early. I considered calling him, but when I saw the clock, I rushed out. I needed to go to Women’s Aid for a couple of hours before returning home. I only hoped Shadow called me late at night like last time. 

***

Shadow

“How are you enjoying your meager status, Harijan?” Xavier circled around my prostrate form. “Does it please you to see your fellow Harijans look at you with such awe and respect? As if you were an elite? In my opinion, it is well deserved. Even the most well-trained Kshatriya would have grave difficulty in slaughtering such a monstrous Evanescence. I have even heard rumors that they are not pleased with your victory.”
It was a threat, I knew. The Kshatriya would see my victory as a personal humiliation. But I was not afraid. While the Kshatriya were vengeful, they lived by a code of honor. If they wanted me dead, they would call me out.
Yet another opportunity to die with honor. 
You are clever, Ancient One. I will grant you that at the very least.
“I will break you, Shadow,” Xavier whispered. “Soon enough, I will find the one who aided you. Once your failure in protecting them is complete, I will dangle what you desire most of all in front of your nose, I will torture it until it cries for mercy, and then I will feed it to the new born Evanescence in the Lazarus Pit. That is all you need to know.”
I left feeling confused. Was he going mad? Torturing my desire for an honorable death and then putting it in the Lazarus Pit? What sense did that make?
I shook my head, dismissing my confusion. Xavier’s mental state was irrelevant. I needed him dead and Mercedes safe. Thankfully, Brandon informed me yesterday that Morgan was very shaken and disturbed, but alive and her wounds were healing. At least her physical wounds. 
My fangs emerged, and a growl rumbled in the back of my throat. Xavier needed to die.
In my apartment, I closed my eyes and contacted Blackhole through our bond. After defeating the Evanescence, I sent him to track Mercedes wherever she went. It was something I deeply regretted. I knew what it was like to have my every move watched while I was in certain areas of vampire society, and endure looks of scorn and loathing. Mercedes was in danger, yes, but that did not make my actions right. It appeared I would have to ask her forgiveness again if we survived this.
When my mind touched Blackhole’s, he immediately showed me Mercedes. She was walking down a street, backpack slung over her shoulder, posture straight and dignified like a queen.
Blackhole huffed in annoyance.
So many emotions. Why aren’t you crazy already?
I think I am crazy, I muttered back.
I told myself I would only watch her until she was safely inside a building, but I wondered if I would keep that promise. The sun glinted off her hair, her skin. A small smile touched her full, lush mouth. The expression reached her eyes, making them glitter as if they were filled with stars.
So…many…emotions.
This time I ignored Blackhole’s fuming. How could this human girl captivate me so? Was it the way she moved, the unending compassion she seemed to express, her bravery, her unwavering spirit?
Maybe all? Blackhole suggested.
Before I could reply, something caught both of our attentions. Mercedes was being followed. Not by a vampire, thank goodness, but by a human male. At my command, Blackhole zeroed his vision on the male. His face was angry, hateful, lustful, both for pain and for…
Keep an eye on him, I growled. If he so much as touches her, kill him.
With the greatest pleasure. 

***

Mercedes

Upon arriving at Women’s Aid, Caroline informed me excitedly that my father’s latest donation would enable us to expand the program to five different states. Inspired by the incredible news, I started to formulate plans to start using the money I earned from my online businesses to build those other charities I had been planning in my head over the past three years. While my parents made countless donations elsewhere, I knew it would be wrong of me to direct my attention solely to oppressed women in the United States. There were so many people in the world who needed help, and I couldn’t ignore them.
As I was considering a hospital in Africa, I suddenly heard shouting in the distance. I didn’t get up right away because I was holding a baby, but the shouting grew louder and I couldn’t ignore it.
“Who is that?” someone asked.
I exchanged uneasy looks with the people around me. Before I could put the baby down, a man burst into the room. He was tall, portly, balding, and his face was flushed with rage. I recognized him immediately.
Ray. Janelle’s ex-boyfriend.
“Where is she?” he bellowed. “Where’s that scrawny brat?! WHERE IS SHE!?”
“Sir!” Caroline shrieked. She looked harassed and furious. “Sir, there are children here! Please try to control yourself!”
“SHUT UP!” He bellowed. Then his eyes fell on me, and a sick grin nearly split his cheeks.
“There you are,” he hissed.
He started toward me. Caroline tried to stop him, but he pushed her away. Terrified for the child in my arms, I deposited him in the arms of his mother. But for a fat guy, Ray moved fast when he wanted to. The child was barely in his mother’s arms before his hand connected solidly with my cheek. I was knocked to the floor, dazed. But I heard the roars of outrage around me.
“You son of a bitch!”
“Monster!”
“You stupid bastard! Do you have any idea who that girl’s father is? He could make you disappear off the face of the planet if he wanted to!”
But Ray wasn’t interested in facts or being reasonable.
“I know it was you,” he seethed at me as I struggled to get up. “I saw you with Janelle. You took her away from me!”
I rubbed my cheek and glared at him. “So you were spying on her, too? Spying on someone you supposedly love is considered to be very destructive behavior.”
“Don’t lecture me, bitch!” he screamed. “Tell me where she is now!”
“I couldn’t tell you,” I said calmly. “And you’ll be leaving now.”
I nodded behind Ray and he turned around. Three police officers were standing there with icy expressions. One of them approached Ray.
“Sir, you are under arrest for trespassing, disturbing the peace, and assault.”
Ray was handcuffed and dragged away, screaming. The third officer, a Haitian man with gray hair and a lined, hard face looked at me with concerned eyes.
“Are you all right, Mercedes?”
“I’m fine, Officer Trine,” I said. I had to fend off the women around me, insisting that I see the nurse. “Really, it’s just a bruise! He has an arm like a wet fish. It’ll heal by tomorrow!”
“You won’t have to worry about Ray, again,” Trine continued. “He won’t get bail after something like this.”
I smiled at him. Charles Trine was one of the police officers who protected Women’s Aid from people like Ray even before my father started donating money to their station. Thanks to my father, there were more cops in the area, and men like Ray who sought to enslave their victims again were easily thwarted.
“Would you like me to drive you home?” Trine offered.
“No thanks,” I said. It was kind of him, but I wasn’t in danger from Ray anymore, and Trine needed to be on duty in case of an emergency. “I’ll take the monorail.”

***

Shadow

I had to bite my tongue to stop myself from ordering Blackhole to devour that revolting fleshbag who called himself Ray. Innocent humans could not afford to see him. No matter. In fact, it was better this way. Blackhole would get his share, but I wanted mine first.
It was difficult to wait for night to fall in the mortal world. The red haze that fell over my vision only darkened as the hours passed. Seeing Mercedes be struck by that fleshbag ignited feelings of rage and protectiveness I had never felt before. He would pay. He would pay.

***

Ray

The cell was cold and dark. I had been told an hour before that I would not get out on bail this time. My record was far too incriminating, and there had been too many witnesses at Bitch Aid.
That miserable rich bitch. Her bastard father could rave all he wanted, he could buy an army of lawyers. But I would be long gone by the time he could press charges. It was only a matter of time before they would finally allow me bail thanks to the big ace up my sleeve: I had irrefutable proof that the rich bitch was a criminal. I had seen her meet Janelle at a Starbucks and hand her a package that was so small and thin, it could only hold something no bigger than a credit card. 
Or a new social security card.
The rich bitch was a criminal who could forge identity papers and hand them out like party favors to whiny, ungrateful women who didn’t know their place like Janelle. Once I released the recording of the rich bitch and my girlfriend on my comm, I would be a free man.
Once I’m free, you little rich bitch, I’ll stand at the podium at your trial and laugh when the judge gives you three life sentences without the possibility of parole.
It was a cheerful thought. So cheerful, that I fell into a peaceful slumber when the sun set.
Two hours later, I was rudely and very painfully awakened.
“What the hell--?!”
When my vision cleared from the blow to my head, the blood drained from my face when I saw myself staring into pitiless blue eyes, and the face of Lucifer himself.
A bloodless mouth grinned, revealing long, glistening fangs.
“Welcome to hell,” the devil whispered and proceeded to devour my neck.

***

Shadow

I drank slowly, but in the most painful and terrifying way a human could experience. His fear saturated his blood, and the taste grew more satisfying by the second. Once he was properly weakened, I called Blackhole. The Evanescence emitted a low, feral growl as it approached the helpless, petrified wretch.
“Feed, my friend,” I commanded.
I watched with great satisfaction as Blackhole devoured everything. Everything. When it was over, not a molecule remained.
“Well done,” I said, patting my well-feed Evanescence companion who burped contentedly.
You’re worried, he said through our bond.
He was right. I needed to see Mercedes right now.

***

Mercedes

“Miss Mercedes! What happened to your face?”
“Did someone hurt you?”
“Call the police, now!”
“Do you need a doctor?”
“Everyone, please!” I let my voice rise. “I’m fine. Officer Trine put the man who did this to me away, and he’s not getting out on bail. I don’t need a doctor. I just need to put a little cream on it.”
There were collective sounds of relief and satisfaction from the servants. Though I was grateful for their concern, I escaped their fussing by telling them I had homework that was due tomorrow. Which wasn’t far from the truth.
“Miss Mercedes! Do you need--?”
“Lulu, please, I just escaped from the servants. I don’t need you fussing over me, too. I’m fine, I promise.”
Sigh. “If you insist.”
Guilt crept up as I applied a soothing cream to my bruise. “I’m sorry, Lulu. I don’t mean to be snappy. I know you’re just concerned.”
“Miss Mercedes, I wish you wouldn’t work so hard. You’ve accomplished so much good at such a young age. If you ever feel stressed, you should take a few days off and rest.”
“My life is in danger, Lulu,” I replied calmly while I washed my hands. My voice dropped. “And so is the life of someone I care about.”
Lulu didn’t say anything for a while. Then…
“Do you love him?”
I froze, a tempest of emotions running through my mind.
“I shouldn’t,” I whispered. “I barely know him.”
“I may not be human, Miss Mercedes, but my knowledge of the human psyche is extensive. Love does not care about rules. You don’t have to know him completely to love him. You just have to feel a connection to him that you know in your heart is love. Listen to your heart, Mercedes. Listen to what it tells you, and trust in it. Your mind may be capable of deceiving you, but your heart isn’t.”
I bit my lip.
“I don’t know what my heart is telling me.”
“That’s because you are afraid. Don’t be. When you next see him, let go of your fear, look into his eyes, and listen to your heart.”
I didn’t reply, and Lulu said nothing more, knowing that I needed quiet and privacy for a while. I downloaded all the files that I gathered from hacking and stored them into my comm. Then I sat on my bed and waited. I was so lost in my thoughts that it took me a moment to realize my neck was growing warm. I shot to my feet and sped out the backdoor. I skidded to a halt when I reached the end of the patio and stared into the darkness of the forest.
Heart pounding, hand touching my scar every now and then, I turned on my comm light and picked my way through the trees. This time, however, he didn’t make me go in deep. When I saw him standing there, breathtaking and majestic as ever, I nearly threw my arms around him, just to assure myself he was real. Suddenly, he was right in front of me, tenderly examining my face.
“Are you all right?”
His soft, silky whisper was filled with anger and concern. I put my hands on his wrists. 
“I’m fine,” I said.
His cool, marble fingers brushed my injured cheek. I closed my eyes at his soothing touch. When I opened them, I saw him bite the inside of his wrist and hold it out to me. 
“Please,” he said.
The injury was far from serious, but something in his obsidian eyes told me he wasn’t offering his blood just to heal it. He was offering something he hadn’t offered the last two times I drank his blood.
I gently took his beautiful hand in mind and put my mouth to his wrist. I drank slowly, my lips moving tenderly over his injured flesh. I felt his other hand cup the back of my neck, telling me to drink more. As I did, I heard a groan well up in Shadow’s throat. It was a sound torn between agony and ecstasy. When he pulled his wrist away, I looked right into his eyes, and nearly gasped at how open they were. The pain, confusion, longing, and hunger were completely naked and vulnerable for me to see. I reached up to lay my hand on his face.
“Shadow,” I whispered. 
His gaze raked over my face, my neck. His eyes bled into that predatory icy blue color as his fangs emerged, as his hunger became more prominent. I knew what he wanted, and while I was scared, I wanted to repay him for what he just did for me.
Tilting my head to the right to expose my jugular, I let my gaze pierce his. 
“I…I do not need…” His hunger and want were palpable, but so was his fear and uncertainty.
“Let me do this for you,” I whispered. My hand ran down his face. “This…whatever this is…you and I both know it exists. So let me do this for you.”
He groaned, but the sound progressed to a desperate growl. He seized me in his arms, bent his head and pierced my neck. I gasped at the pain, but it wasn’t just pain. It was a feeling I couldn’t describe. Pain, pleasure, bonding…what…?
He didn’t take much. I only felt slightly tired when he pulled away. My wound healed quickly since his blood had yet to leave my system. He stared at me with an expression that contained both wonder and torment.
“What have you done to me?”
It wasn’t a rhetorical question. Judging from his tone, it was a question that had been haunting him since the day we met. He was desperate for an answer. However…
“Only you can answer that,” I told him.
He was far from satisfied with that I could tell, but his face suddenly smoothed into a calmer expression.
“You must come with me now. We have much to discuss. Did you bring your findings?”
I forced myself to have control over my raging emotions, and schooled my features. We weren’t safe. We still had to deal with Xavier.
“Yes,” I said in a business-like tone and held up my comm. “I have them right here.”
He nodded and lifted me in his arms. “I will take you to a location different from the last one.”
This new location happened to be a vast field of grass dotted with bushes and trees. It was well into the night, but I could see well enough thanks to the brilliant stars that shone in the sky.
“What have you found?” Shadow asked me.
“I won’t know for certain unless you tell me a bit about vampire society,” I answered.
I could sense reluctance about him, but after a moment, he nodded.
“Very well. I will give you a brief outline. I am certain you already know we reside in a dimension different from your own.” At my nod, he continued. “Because of my place in vampire society, I am not privy to the secrets of our origins, so I cannot tell you exactly how our species evolved.”
“What is your place in vampire society?” I asked. I kept my tone quiet and neutral knowing it was a personal question.
Shadow’s face grew grim. “Our society is based on a caste system. We are led by the royal family, who are the oldest vampires is history. However, even they must at times answer to the Brahmins, or the priests who speak to our gods. Next is the Kshatriya, the warriors. Officially, the elite class of vampire society is considered to be Kshatriya, but even the warriors must answer to them at all times. Then there are the Vaisyas, the ones who manage currency and business transactions. Under them are the Sudras, the lower class workers.”
He didn’t continue, but I knew there was one more.
“And I assume the Harijans are at the bottom of that pyramid?”
He looked at me sharply, incredulously. “How did you know that?”
Now it was my turn to be surprised. “You don’t know?”
“What don’t I know?”
“The Brahmins, the Kshatriyas, the Sudras…Shadow the vampire caste system is exactly the same as the one in India! The Harijans, also known as the Untouchables or the Outcasts, are considered to be the lowest of all Indians. In fact, according to a lot of elites, the only reason they exist is to be tormented for sadistic pleasure.”
Shadow looked away, but not fast enough for me to miss the look of intense hatred and pain that contorted his features.
“You’re a Harijan, aren’t you?” I whispered in a horror-filled voice.
“I am a warrior,” he seethed. “I am as old and skilled as any soldier under the royal family. I am a Kshatriya, and no one will tell me differently.”
For a while, we continued to walk in silence. I was at a loss for words. Helplessness, anger, and intense sympathy warred through me. I couldn’t even begin to imagine what a miserable existence this man must have suffered. What constant horrors, losses, and humiliations had he endured at the hands of the elites? I didn’t know. I didn’t want to know. But that was fear talking. I loved Shadow, and I wanted to help him.
Yes. I knew it now, beyond any doubt. As Lulu said, the heart does not lie. I loved Shadow, and even if I didn’t know him very well, even if I couldn’t put myself in his shoes, I could still be there for him.
“Good,” I said firmly.
He was clearly surprised and like me earlier, he looked like he didn’t know exactly how to respond.
“I assume Xavier is an elite?” I continued.
Shadow nodded, looking grateful for the change in subject. “He is. He is an incredibly sadistic and powerful elite.”
“And arrogant?”
Shadow smiled grimly. “Mercedes, I doubt this entire planet could contain his arrogance.”
“Then we can use that to our advantage,” I said. “Arrogance makes people stupid. If he has all this power and influence, then he must be under the impression that he can get away with anything. But that’s not the case, is it? I mean, the royal family must have a list of rules that the elite have to abide by, right?”
“Yes, but it is a very short list,” Shadow replied. “An elite will earn the full wrath of the royal family if he or she refuses to obey them, openly rebels against them, destroys or steals their property, or commits a blasphemy.”
“Blasphemy?”
“All vampires worship the god Chaos and his brother Order,” Shadow explained. “The priests are the only ones who can communicate with them on a regular basis. It is why they are an invaluable part to our society. In fact, if it ever came down to saving the life of a priest or a member of the royal family, the priest must always come first.”
I would have to admit to being very skeptical. Granted, I now knew vampires…trans-dimensional vampires existed, but gods? Or maybe just god-like beings. I didn’t know.
“If Xavier is as arrogant as you claim,” I said slowly. “Then I doubt he respects these gods as much as he should.”
“He does not,” Shadow said. “And he is not the only elite to believe he is a law unto himself. But so long as he keeps up a pretense at being religious, no one will question his devotion.” His mouth tightened. “In fact, I would be greatly surprised if he hated Lord Chaos and Lord Order.”
“Shadow…” I looked at him closely. “Abraham Smith was a priest, wasn’t he?”
“Did your findings tell you that?”
“I found some emails that were sent by some of the people in his inner circle. They always called him ‘Your Holiness’ whenever they addressed him directly.”
He peered closely at me. “How exactly did you find these emails?”
I shrugged. “When I want to find something, I always go for a thread and I follow it until it takes me where I need to be.”
“He was a priest and a warrior,” Shadow said after a pause. “He often carried out the will of the gods himself. Your Senator Young was once an ally of the vampires, but during a meditation period, Abraham received a message from Lord Order that if Young ran for a higher office, it would create an imbalance that would negatively affect humans and vampires. Abraham warned Young, but Young scoffed at the existence of Lord Order, calling him a crazy superstition.” Shadow smiled grimly. “That was unwise.”
“I can imagine,” I said as a chill went up my spine. “But according to my findings, Abraham’s dead now.”
“Yes.” Shadow’s voice was darker than the night sky. “A human killed him approximately twenty years ago.”
“Was his name Jared Ford?”
“Yes. And he endured agony beyond the imagination of any mortal before dying. In the eyes of vampires, there is no greater crime than murdering a priest.”
“Why do you think Ford killed him?”
“There are several humans who are aware of the existence of vampires and harbor great hatred for us. Ford was a member of Organization 42, a fanatical group who dedicated their lives to finding vampires and killing them.”
“But how could this group sneak up on Abraham? If he was a priest, he must have been surrounded by guards whenever he came here.”
“I do not know. Only the priests, the royal family, or the elites would be privy to that informa…”
We both came to an abrupt halt and looked at one another.
“Shadow, your technology is far more advanced than human technology. There’s no way Jared Ford could have killed a priest without help. Inside help.” 
“No,” Shadow said slowly. “I agree.”
“I was looking for information on Abraham’s guards over the past few days in the hope they would lead me to more vampires, and they did. A few days before Abraham was killed, one of the guards sent a message to someone called Vincent. Vincent then sent it to someone called Xavier.”
Shadow went still as a statue.
“Show me this message,” he said hoarsely.
I activated my comm and brought the message up. “It’s written in some alien code. I couldn’t find a way to decipher it yet.”
“You would not be able to,” Shadow’s voice was grim, but more triumphant than I had ever heard as he read the message. “This is a code that only high-ranking vampires are allowed to use. I can understand it, but if I dared to use it, I would be put to death.”
“What does it say?” I asked excitedly.
“It says ‘His Holiness mediates alone. You will have five minutes to get the human in. Make certain the silver stake is shielded from the detectors.’”
My heart pounded in my chest. “Shadow…”
“You would be so arrogant, wouldn’t you, bastard?” he hissed, eyes blazing in triumph. “Yes, you most certainly would.”
“Is it enough?” I demanded.
Shadow lowered his arm, and his excitement vanished. “No. ” He bared his teeth. “I am an Untouchable in vampire society. My word is nothing compared to an elite’s.”
“Then what if we spread that message over the vampire Internet? And not just the message, I can get names, dates, locations…hell, I could find out where Xavier was at the time of the murder!”
“Are you certain?”
“Yes,” I said confidently. “Xavier’s arrogance has destroyed him. He thinks that after Ford was killed, the murder of Abraham Smith is a closed book, so he hasn’t even bothered to cover his tracks in the mortal world.”
Shadow stared at me, an emotion on his beautiful face I could only describe as awe.
“If you can find solid evidence that connects Xavier to the murder of a priest…there is nowhere he could hide.”
“We can win, Shadow,” I whispered. “We can.”
His flawless marble hands settled on my waist, and I trembled at his touch. 
“I do not know for certain if we can, Mercedes,” he said. “But the chance you have given us…you have done something I never dreamed was possible. I swear to you that I will never underestimate you again.” He touched my face. “You will need to spread that message to every server, every terminal in the vampire world. One thing Xavier and I have in common is that neither of us has prayed to the gods for centuries. I have no right to do so now, but perhaps they will have mercy on you. I will beg them on my knees if I must for them to have mercy on you.”
His chiseled, gorgeous features became more tormented as his eyes scanned my face. He gritted his teeth and looked away.
“Mercedes—”
“I can’t deny it anymore,” I said firmly, determination coursing through me. My hands stroked the smooth skin of his face. “I have never met anyone like you, and the way I feel whenever I look at you…whenever you look at me…I can’t describe it. When I touch you, the world falls away. Shadow let me know you. You don’t have to hide from me. I love—”
I didn’t get to finish. He stopped me by covering my mouth with his.
I had told him the world fell away when I touched him.
I surrendered to his kiss, and allowed the entire universe to fall away.

***

Shadow

She was not delicate. I felt no weakness in her at all. She was strong and warm. So very, very warm. I wanted to lose myself in that warmth, and I did.
I tried to resist. I tried so hard. Hope was for the weak, I always told myself. I hated myself for having it to the point where I could not remember a time when I did not wish for death. But with Mercedes in my arms, her lips against mine, I felt strong. I cared deeply for this young mortal woman, and there was nothing I would not do to protect her. 
I loved her.
And she loved me. Not only that, she wanted to know me.
That was a concept that terrified me more than how much my feelings for her were changing me. 
I pulled away from her. Her face was flushed with that incredibly delicious blood she had allowed me to taste only hours ago. Her eyes reflected every star in the night sky. But the brightness of the stars paled in comparison to the brightness of her smile.
I kissed her again, needing to feel. Needing to let her run her healing fingers over the scars on my soul. Needing to live for something more than my unending hatred for the ones who took such pleasure in torturing me and those I cared for.
This is it, I thought. This is what Brandon meant. I have found something to live for.
And I will protect it.
When we broke apart again, I could see my deep reluctance to return to our separate worlds mirrored in her eyes. But we both had to be strong if we wanted to survive Xavier’s wrath.
“When will I see you again?” Mercedes asked once we were in front of her patio again. She was making a valiant effort to sound calm and controlled, but I could sense her agitation.
“Three days again,” I said, taking her into my arms. “I will do everything I can to placate Xavier, to keep him distracted from finding you. I do not believe we have much time left, but I have every faith in you.”
We shared one more deep kiss before I fled into the night.

***

Mercedes

The cool night air did little to tame my thundering heart or soothe the incessant tingling in my lips. I put my fingertips to them, awed at the emotions rushing through my soul. How had I lived so long without feeling this? All right, I was only seventeen, but still…
I walked back up to my room. It was late and the servants had all gone to bed, so I was alone. My fingers never left my lips as my eyes flickered over to the exotic draperies, paintings, and rare sculptures that passed me by. 
I was incredibly lucky, I knew. My family’s wealth was practically endless, and I never wanted for anything throughout my entire life. Or so I thought. Ever since Shadow came into my life, I gradually became aware of a part of my soul that had been starving for a while. Something that no amount of money, material items, platonic love, or friendship could fulfill. Deep down I always regretted not being able to return the affections of wonderful boys like Taylor and Sam. I regretted that something prevented me from being attracted to them. From falling in love with them.
But now I knew I loved Shadow. And the happiness that followed gave that deprived part of my soul all the nourishment it could ever dream of. 
I was in love.
And I would protect the one I loved with everything I had.
“Miss Mercedes, it is time for bed.”
“I’m sorry, Lulu, but if you bother me while I’m working now, I’m going to have to shut you off for a while.”
Brief pause. “I don’t understand, Mercedes, but I know you would never threaten to turn me off unless you had a very good reason.”
“I do.”
“Then I will just say that I trust you, and I wish you the best of luck.”

***

Xavier

“My lord Xavier. The Evanescence has just returned with the latest recording.”
I could barely contain my excitement when the Evanescence was brought forth. I seized the beast, and tore into its mind without a second thought. It shrieked and fought like the last one, but nothing would deter me from my goal.
The Harijan and the girl walking through a field during the night. I could not hear their conversation. My invasion of the Evanescence’s mind was far too brutal. It could not focus its memories. But when I saw the Harijan kiss the human girl, when I saw his eyes afterward, I knew I did not need to hear any part of their conversation.
I retracted my mind, threw the dead Evanescence to the floor, and stood up as triumph surged through me.
“Success, my lord?”
“Yes,” I hissed. “Yes. The Harijan has fallen in love. Moreover, he is filled with a hope that he is not ashamed of it.”
“Shall we give him more time--?”
“No. Loathe as I am to admit it, he is very intelligent. He will soon discover on his own that his newfound hope is even more futile than his hope for a better life, and I wish to be the one to inform him. He will have plenty of time to contemplate and agonize over the truth. Now bring him to me.”

***

Shadow

My emotions where still quite chaotic by the time I reached my apartment, but not in a way that threatened my sanity. In fact, my mind had never been clearer. I knew what I felt, I knew what I wanted, and I knew I would do anything to achieve it. Granted, there was still an enormous possibility of failure, but this purpose…this dream…there was absolutely no reason for me to be ashamed of it. My self-loathing had made me withdrawn over the centuries, alienating me from those I would call friend, but I did not hate myself for this. My love for Mercedes was something no one could take from me. And she reciprocated my feelings, so our current relationship was solidified. I cared not that she was mortal, that her senses and physical strength were inferior to my own. Her spirit, compassion, intelligence, and determination made her more worthy to walk the earth than several vampires I could easily name, including Xavier. 
Xavier.
The one who wished my love to suffer an agonizing death just to torment me.
My fangs emerged as I paced my apartment. Xavier could not destroy my love for Mercedes, and he would not destroy her. This dream was not unattainable. When Mercedes’ lovely face flashed in my mind, I felt a seemingly unending strength gather in my heart and soul. I would succeed. I would keep her safe forever. There was no maybe. Xavier would die. 
Imagining Mercedes in the clutches of that bastard made me want to attempt an assassination right then and there, but I could not. I had to be practical. If Mercedes could find and spread evidence throughout vampire society that Xavier had conspired to murder a priest, we would be rid of him forever. 
I soft barking sound caught my attention. Blackhole circled around me, yipping over and over again. I smiled at him without realizing it.
“And what are you so excited about?”
He pawed at my leg. I knelt down and put my hand on his head.
You’re being more open with me. I like that. 
Do you, now?
It’s the human that’s done this. I want to meet her.
Are you certain you mean meet and not eat? I asked wryly.
Yes! I want to meet her.
You will undoubtedly get your wish. If she is to spread incriminating evidence about Xavier throughout vampire society, she will have to come here to do it.
Good! I want—
My instincts screamed at me, and I brought my blade to bear before an armored soldier could splash me in the face with garlic. I ducked, rolled, and slashed at his legs, taking both of them off just above the knee. Before he could even think to scream, I used his mutilated body as a shield that took a stake right through the heart from another soldier. Blackhole was already in the process of devouring a third solider, but there were four, five…ten of them in all.
I fought harder than I had ever fought in my life. When it was over, half of them were dead by my hand, and by Blackhole’s jaws. But in the end, they succeeded in incapacitating Blackhole and injecting me with concentrated garlic. As fire spread through my veins, paralyzing me, an image of Mercedes’ brilliant smile exploded in my mind.
My love…

***

Mercedes

For the next two days, I got three hours of sleep at best. There was no time to lose. If Xavier caught onto us, I needed to have the incriminating evidence ready for the whole of vampire society to see. On the midnight of the second day, I struck gold. Maybe I couldn’t understand the mysterious code these elite vampires used, but I could more than understand what their human servants were writing. They tried to twist their words, but with my newfound knowledge of vampire society, I knew exactly what they were saying. They constantly talked of putting a stake through the heart of “His Holiness,” after injecting him with allium sativum.
Apparently, it never crossed any of their minds that they weren’t the only ones who knew Latin. I wouldn’t say my Latin was flawless yet, but my extensive study of the language paid off handsomely here. Allium sativum was Latin for garlic. And I would bet my life that if I found the autopsy report for Abraham Smith, it would include an enormous puncture wound through the heart, as well as large amounts of garlic in his system.
My work was nearly complete. I had names, dates, and locations of all the humans linked to Xavier’s soldiers. Xavier had also done me an enormous favor by having said soldiers killed after Abraham died. That would look incredibly suspicious to the royal family. All that was left now was for Shadow to translate the messages written in elite vampire code. Maybe vampire technology was more advanced than human technology, but I was certain I could upload the evidence to the vampire Internet. I just needed to find a thread. Or maybe Shadow would show me a thread.
Shadow.
For what seemed like the millionth time, I put my fingers to my lips. Even if my memory weren’t nearly perfect, I would never forget the feel of his lips; so cold and solid, but so beautifully alluring, so filled with a love and affection that I knew I would never experience from another. 
I was still very confused as to how he could possibly love me in return. While I would not call myself ugly per se, I could never hope to compete with Shadow’s dark, ethereal beauty. He could have had the loveliest of human women, the loveliest of vampire women if he wanted them, but instead he chose me. I didn’t know why, and it was probably best that I shouldn’t question his reasons for loving me. Like Lulu said, love did not care about the rules. It didn’t matter if I was mortal and he was a vampire. It didn’t matter if I could never hope to match his beauty. If I felt a connection between us that we both knew was love…then I didn’t have to know why. 
Shadow.
My love.

***

Shadow

When I awoke, the fire in my veins had abated to a dull burning. I was still hideously weak, and I could barely control my muscles. When my mind began to clear, I discovered that I was lying in a cell that contained not a photon of light. With a groan, I struggled to sit up, but I soon realized that any form of movement other than feeble twitching was impossible right now.
The door opened, flooding the cell with light. Though my vision was still blurred, a growl rumbled in the back of my throat. I would recognize Xavier in any form.
He smiled. “Hello, Shadow.”
I didn’t reply. I just subjected him to my most hateful glare.
“How are you feeling today?”
His tone was melodious, pleasant, conversational, as if we were old friends. If I were a naïve youngster, that voice would entice me to trust him. 
“Well, I suppose that was a pointless question,” Xavier sighed after a while. “But I know this next one is far from pointless: how is Mercedes Strand doing?”
If I were not already paralyzed by garlic, the terror that seized me would have done the job even more effectively. No. No, Lord Chaos, Lord Order, please, please, no…
Xavier laughed. “Oh, I will savor that look for the next thousand years, Harijan. You can bet everything on that.”
“Where is she?” I croaked. My hatred and terror burned some of the paralysis away, but I hide my growing strength. “Where is she, you bastard?”
“Not here,” Xavier replied. “At least not yet. Don’t worry, you’ll be reunited with her soon enough. But now we must address the other questions that are racing through your mind, Shadow. You want them to be answered so very desperately. The stench of your need is even stronger than the spice in your system. You want to know how I found out. When I found out. Where she is, what I plan to do to her.” He smiled cruelly as he began to slowly pace back and forth. “You love her, don’t you, Shadow?”
I averted my eyes, knowing that no amount of hatred could ever hope to mask my love for Mercedes. But my efforts were futile. Xavier laughed.
“Oh, Shadow, Shadow, you can’t even begin to imagine how pleased I am. I hoped you would fall in love, but I would have been perfectly content if you merely wished to protect her due to your ridiculous sense of honor. This has turned out far better than I ever dreamed possible.”
As he spoke, suspicion began to gnaw at me. He was speaking as if he had known of Mercedes’ identity and location for quite some time. If so, then why not take her prisoner right away? Why wait…?
“Yes, you are beginning to realize the truth, aren’t you?” Xavier said softly in response to the look on my face.
“You,” I hissed. “You’ve known her location since the beginning.”
“Oh, far before that,” Xavier replied. “In fact, you might go so far as to say I’ve known her for years.”
“What are you talking about?”
“There is nothing about you I do not know, Shadow,” the bastard whispered. “But my vast knowledge of your psyche is completely irrelevant thanks to your willingness to wear your weaknesses on your sleeve as if they were medals. You are an Outcast, yet you do not accept your status. Ever since you could remember, you have longed for a life of freedom. But you loathe that dream even more than you loathe elites like me. You are aware that it is a futile dream, but you cannot let it go. Your shame of not being able to has haunted you for centuries. It is why you desire an honorable death. That was the one hold you had over me. All you had to do was attack me, die fighting me, and you would have gotten what you wanted. And I most certainly could not have that. It is why I was so merciful to you. You may laugh in disbelief, but I could have made your life a nightmare beyond your imagination. Just ask any of your fellow Harijans whose souls are so broken, they could easily will themselves to die.”
He stopped pacing and stared directly at me.
“I could never hand you such a victory. For me to win, you needed to have something I could take. You needed a dream you believed was not unattainable. You needed to care about the safety of something or someone so deeply that every suicidal thought in your mind would dissipate like a drop of water on a hot coal.”
Realization dawned on me. Realization, horror, and incredulity.
“Mercedes is your agent?”
“She is, but she is unaware of it.” Xavier waved a hand. “Do not fear. Whatever feelings of love she has revealed to you are utterly genuine. I know this because I have been watching her for some time. It was not long before I knew she would be the perfect tool for my vengeance against you. She has such an extraordinary amount of compassion and selflessness that is only rivaled by her beauty. And she is human. Her mortality alone would ensure that you would protect her should she ever be in danger…thanks to you.”
My insides were no longer on fire. The garlic had turned into icy shards that were piercing my nerves.
“That day…” my voice was so hoarse I could barely recognize it. “When I was attacked. You never intended to kill me.” My fangs emerged. “You wanted her to find me. You led her to me!”
“Very good.” Xavier smiled. “I had one of my agents ensure that she would come into contact with you in your highly compromised state. You couldn’t help but feed on fresh human blood. But once you were aware of yourself again, you also couldn’t let an innocent girl die by your hands or mine. And you knew what she would suffer if I ever discovered she thwarted my ‘assassination attempt’.” He knelt in front of me. “All I wanted was for you to desire to protect her so much that would no longer wish to die unless her safety was ensured. And you passed all of the tests I set before you. You defeated that Evanescence, you reigned in your desire to kill me, and you did nothing to provoke any of the Kshatriya into challenging you to a duel. All because you now value the safety of one puny human girl more than your desire for an honorable death. The safety…
…and the love.”
The bastard grinned so grotesquely, it momentarily erased his physical beauty.
“As I said before, you did not need to fall in love with her for me to receive ultimate satisfaction in my vengeance. All you needed was to delude yourself into believing you had an attainable goal so I could watch the hope drain from your eyes as I took it from you. But you made the deadly mistake of falling in love. Now not only will I see the light of hope vanish from your soul, I will see it replaced by agony.”
I lunged for him, but he merely slapped me down before standing up, laughing uproariously.
“Don’t take it so hard, Shadow,” he said when the laughter died down. “Deep down you knew you could never protect her from me. In fact, you should thank me. After you watch me throw her into the Lazarus Pit, you will be cleansed of lies and delusions forever. And then I will grant your ultimate wish: death.”
He left, and I wondered if the hatred and pain roaring through my system would destroy me before he threw Mercedes into…
I clutched my head, wanting to crush my own skull. Wanting to sob, to howl, to rip my own heart out. Mercedes thrown into the Lazarus Pit. Infant Evanescence eating her alive. 
Wait, a small voice within me pleaded.
Evanescence.
Blackhole.
He couldn’t protect her or hide her, but what if it wasn’t too late? What if she had already gathered the evidence of Xavier murdering a priest? Could she still upload it to the vampire Internet? Not without help, no. Not without the aid of another vampire.
My mind cleared somewhat as a final thread of hope wormed its way into my soul. I closed my eyes and focused.
Blackhole. Hear me, my friend. Hear me!
Weakened as I was, my call was feeble. I had ensured long ago that the bond on my side was not as strong. If it were, he would have come running to my aide whenever I was in danger. He would have denied me the honorable death I so craved.
I was selfish, I was a coward. I was an utter fool. But Mercedes would not pay.
Blackhole. Hear me!
I continued for over an hour. And just as despair was about to consume me again…
Shadow?
My sigh of relief nearly came out as a sob.

***

Mercedes

Though I could only meet Shadow at night, I found myself very jittery during school the next day. The information on my comm held the salvation of my love and I. I just needed to get it into the hands of the right people. 
As Mrs. Ortiz, my Spanish teacher, lectured about verb conjugation, I glanced around the classroom. Sam and Nadine were here, and so were a lot of classmates I liked, even though I wouldn’t call them my real friends. I etched their faces in my mind, even the ones I almost never spoke to.
The information on my comm probably held their salvation as well. Should Xavier discover this was the school I went to, I knew he would tear the entire place apart and murder everyone who got in his way just to get to me.
It’s not just for Shadow and me, I thought. This is for you. Every single one of you. I’ll do everything in my power to protect you. I swear it.
When class ended, I quickly walked out, but Sam and Nadine easily caught up to me.
“Mercedes is anything wrong?” Sam asked with concern. “You’ve been very distracted lately. We’re both worried about you.”
Nadine may be a bit of a gossip at times, but she was also very considerate of other people’s feelings. She looked like she wanted to blurt out my secret, but after glancing at Sam, she ducked her head looking slightly ashamed. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine,” I assured him.
Inwardly, I was tormented. I had battled with the desire to tell them everything since my world was turned upside down, but I knew I couldn’t. Maybe…maybe after Xavier was dead I could contemplate telling them. I trusted Sam and Nadine with everything. They would never do anything to hurt me. Maybe a day would come when I wouldn’t have to lie to them anymore.
But in the meantime, I had to focus on protecting them.
By the time I came home, I was so nervous I wanted to spend the next hour just pacing to relieve my anxiety. My hand, in response to a recently acquired routine, brushed the scar on my neck at least every minute. I told Natalie I had a lot of work to do, so she didn’t insist on me eating in the dining area. I briefly glanced at the tray by my desk, which was loaded to the brim with steaming lasagna, a salad containing every color of the rainbow, iced tea, and a variety of side dishes and desserts.
“Eat at least a bite, Miss Mercedes. You know you have to keep your strength up for what’s to come.”
“I can’t, Lulu, I’ll bring it right back up,” I insisted. I wasn’t lying. My nervousness had robbed me of any feelings of hunger. I could only spare a moment of guilt that all of that food would go to waste.
Instead of eating, I double and triple checked my information. If what Shadow said about the importance of priests in vampire society was true, then Xavier’s life was now literally in my hands. I bit my lip knowing that I should find it in me to at least pity him. I knew in my heart that the royal family would put him through unspeakable torment before they ended his life, but I couldn’t even begin to imagine how much he had tormented Shadow.
No. Xavier did not deserve pity. He deserved to know what it was like to be at the mercy of people who were far more powerful than he was.
The scar on my neck grew warm. 
“Good luck, Mercedes.”
“Thanks, Lulu.” I paused briefly and looked at the ceiling where I knew Lulu was watching. “If for some reason I don’t make it back…”
“Your letters to your friends and family are utterly safe with me. They may never know what happened to you, but they will know how much you love them.”
I swallowed, but didn’t allow any tears to fall as I ran to the back door, comm in hand. When I reached the patio, I looked wildly around.
“Shadow?”
Only the soft breeze replied. After a minute, I began to grow apprehensive, especially when my scar began to grow cooler. 
“Shadow?”
My next call was louder, but he still didn’t answer. A cold feeling of foreboding began to grow in my gut. I flicked on a comm light and entered the forest. As I walked, I called Shadow’s name louder and louder each time. Just as I was starting to feel a very real fear, a band of steel grabbed me around the middle from behind. A hand covered my mouth before I could scream.
“Shhhh,” a soothing voice whispered in my ear. “Don’t be afraid. I’m a friend. Shadow sent me.”
I didn’t relax entirely. Even though he was holding me in a relatively gentle grip, this could still be one of Xavier’s men trying to trick me.
“If I let you go, will you promise not to run or scream?”
Not having any choice, I nodded.
He let me go, and I immediately took a step back and whirled around.
Even if I hadn’t gotten a taste of his strength, I never would have assumed that the creature in front of me was a young boy in his mid-teens. While his eyes weren’t as ruthless as Shadow’s, they were filled with a wisdom that I could tell had been gained at a terrible price. His skin was pale, but his features were clearly African. His attire was similar to Shadow’s, but his lethal poise promised an unforgettable wake-up call should any ignorant soul dare call him a child playing at being a warrior. He was a warrior.
“Mercedes Strand?” His voice had the same melodious quality as Shadow’s, but his tone was smoother and calmer.
I nodded once, still very wary.
“My name is Brandon.” He held out his hand and we briefly shook. “I was told to find you.”
“By Shadow?” I whispered.
“Not exactly.” He held out his arms. “You need to come with me to the vampire world. It’s the last place Xavier will think you are. I’ll explain everything when we get there.”
“What’s happened?” I demanded. “Where’s Shadow? Why are you—?”
He grabbed my arms, holding them tight enough not to hurt me, but to halt my speech. “Mercedes, we need to go now,” he snapped.
Forcing down my indignation and anxiety, I permitted him to carry me to the wall that Shadow had always used to take me to those wonderful places.
Shadow. 
Where was he? Was he all right? Did Xavier have him?
Several times, I had to bite my tongue in order to make myself stay quiet. When Brandon set me on my feet, we were in a room that was even smaller than Shadow’s living area, but it didn’t have a dark or lonely feel. In fact, we weren’t the only ones in the room.  
“Brandon?” A tall woman with shoulder-length blonde hair had been kneeling with her eyes closed before an exotic statue, but she immediately got up when she saw me. “Is this a willing one?”
“She isn’t dinner, Morgan,” Brandon said sternly. “This is the one who saved Shadow’s life.”
The woman, Morgan, laughed, but it died when she saw the seriousness on Brandon’s face. “Shadow would never allow anyone to save his life, let alone a human,” she countered.
“Mercedes.” Brandon turned his attention back to me. “Shadow said you found incriminating evidence against Xavier. Is that true?”
I nodded and pulled out my comm. “Can you translate these messages? They’re written in some elite vampire code I can’t understand.”
Brandon held the comm to his eye. I doubt even a minute passed before his face paled to a marble white that almost put Shadow’s complexion to shame. His hand trembled as he lowered the comm to his side.
“We need to send this to every vampire in existence.”
I didn’t question him about what the messages translated into. I didn’t have to.
“That will take too long,” I said. “Shadow’s in danger, isn’t he?”
Brandon nodded grimly. “Xavier has him.”
Forcing down my panic, I spoke in a controlled voice. “Then get me to a vampire computer.”


*******

Chapter 5

Lord, you choose your angel very well
Her light shall tame the darkest hell
A thousand paths her feet shall walk
Oh sacred key, unbreakable lock

Brandon

So this is her, was my first thought when I encountered Mercedes Strand. This is the human girl who saved Shadow’s life. The human girl whom Shadow allowed to save his life. 
The human girl who saved Shadow from himself.
She was no ordinary human, I could tell. She had an inner strength and beauty that was rare among humans. I could see why Shadow would be so drawn to her. She had saved him from his self-loathing, and I fully believed she could save his life, even from an elite as powerful and evil as Xavier.
I did as she ordered and gave her access to a vampire computer. Morgan stood beside me, shooting me incredulous looks every now and then as I answered Mercedes’ numerous questions about our technology. Her respect for the intelligence of humans wasn’t as great as my own, and I knew she highly doubted this young mortal could spread a message throughout the entire vampire network.
“I don’t need to send it through the entire network,” Mercedes said in response to a sarcastic comment from Morgan. “In fact, if I could just send it to a few vampires, Xavier will be doomed.”
“Of course,” I whispered. “Send it to a few vampires, so they can send it to a few, and so on.”
“The beauty of the Internet,” Mercedes said, continuing to type. “I’m already pretty deep into the vampire network, so—”
“What!?” Morgan exclaimed. She pushed passed me and stared at the computer screen. Her eyes went wide.
“By Lord Chaos…how could you possibly…you’re just a human!”
“Brandon’s been guiding me,” Mercedes said in a distracted voice as she continued to type. “And this network has the same basic structure as the one in the human world, even if it’s more complex.”
“But you’ve been on here for barely an hour!”
“My memory’s good. And I learn fast.”
The look Morgan gave me demanded an explanation as to who exactly this human was. But being that I didn’t know myself, I couldn’t give an answer that would satisfy her.
“You can send your evidence to these locations.” I pointed at the screen. “If you—”
A loud crash coming from the living room followed by the sound of heavy footsteps.
“I’ll hold them off!” I said to Mercedes, knowing full well who the invaders were. “Keep at it!”
“I will,” Mercedes swore, her eyes burning with determination.
“I’ll fight by your side, love.” Morgan reached for her blade. “You’d better not fail, mortal, else I’ll drain every last drop of blood from you!” she hissed at Mercedes. 
I went to meet Xavier’s soldiers. There were seven of them, all fully armored. They paused when Morgan and I came through the doorway.
“Stand aside, Harijans,” the leader snarled, his voice harsh and grating from the synthesizer. “We will get what we want, one way or another.”
They would spare us if we stood aside, I knew. Inferior as Morgan and I were in terms of class, our skills were something to be respected and feared. These soldiers wanted to live to be rewarded for their loyalty. Morgan and I could live too if we just let them take Mercedes. 
Decisions like this were not foreign to me. In fact, I sometimes faced them several times in one day. The price was always the same: my pride. All I had to do was sacrifice a certain amount of it and I would live. The elites would torture me, they would humiliate me, and they always let me walk away if I were compliant.
 But this time I was filled with something that set the very depths of my soul on fire. I knew then and there that Shadow’s dream of freedom had never been futile. I was more of a coward than he ever was for resigning myself to a miserable existence of torture and prejudice. This was the day I stopped being a coward. This was the moment that would define me.
I raised my blade at the leader.
“As will we,” I uttered before charging.

***

Mercedes

The crashes and battle cries that thundered from the other rooms would have been more than enough to make me falter, but my mind had long sunk into the mechanical state that resulted from continuous hacking. My nerves were on fire, sweat poured down my face. My heart threatened to burst from my chest, but I would do this. I would not fail. I would not fail my friends, my family, or my love.
Here. Brandon had said to upload the information here. All right. Easy enough. Within a few keystrokes, the files were sent out. But I had to get them to as many vampires as possible. I had to use up every moment Brandon and Morgan were buying for me.
I never took my eyes off the computer screen. The only way they got me to stop typing was to knock me out.
I awoke to darkness, the scent of my own blood, and a demon towering over me.
“Hello, Mercedes.”
When I found the strength to lift my head, I instantly wanted to look away from him. Physically, he was breathtakingly beautiful, but the evil that radiated from him made me want to choke.
“Xavier,” I croaked.
He smiled. “I see I don’t have to waste time introducing myself then. Good. I abhor wasting time. And we have far more important matters to deal with.”
I managed to sit up. I was in a cell that felt more like a torture chamber despite the utter barrenness of the room. Distant moans and screams rang through the air without pause. Was Shadow’s voice among them?
“What have you done with Shadow?” I demanded in my still very raspy voice.
“Your Harijan lover’s fear for you is now at its peak,” Xavier stated. “So I will permit you to join him.”
Two guards dressed head to foot in armor so frightening it would put Darth Vader to shame grabbed my arms and led me through the corridors of hell. I shut my eyes against the screams, the moans, and the pleas of those around me. They made me face my own terror and growing awareness of my mortality. The power of the creatures that held me captive was beyond my puny imagination. They could snuff me out at any time, but they wanted my pain first. And the pain of the one I loved.
A cell door opened and they shoved me inside, though I managed to stay on my feet. The door closed, and I was plunged into an almost pitch black darkness. I could barely make out the broken form lying on the icy floor.
At my approach, pale blue eyes opened. They shone like stars.
“Mercedes.”
His voice was broken, hoarse. A stark contrast from the deep, melodious tones that had always enchanted me. But it was him. I ran to him and fell to my knees, embracing him as hard as I could. He was very weak, but he returned my embrace with such force that my ribs groaned in protest.
“Mercedes,” he rasped. “Mercedes, Mercedes…”
“Shadow,” I whispered in turn. I couldn’t stop the tears, but I did all I could to stop the sobs. It was difficult, but I had to stay strong. He sounded so relieved, but so filled with despair at the same time.
I wouldn’t have been surprised if an hour passed when he pulled away. He examined my face and I examined his; gaunt and starved, but at last I could see love in those predatory eyes. Love and tenderness.
“Were you harmed?”
“Oh, who gives a damn about a few cuts and bruises, Shadow?” My voice nearly broke as I all but shouted the question. I looked down at his body. His clothing was torn, and the skin underneath was either bruised, cut, or bleeding. “God, what has that monster been doing to you?”
“Nothing I do not deserve, I assure you.”
I blinked, aghast. “What?”
“Mercedes…” he gripped my shoulders. His face was awash with a new torment and self-loathing that made me want to break down and weep for him. “I am sorry. So very, very sorry. I was blind and foolish and arrogant…”
“Shadow—”
Everything spilled out of him. How Xavier had been watching me for years, how he had planned to bind me to Shadow. How he planned to torture me to death in order to drive Shadow insane…
“That day…on the way home…” I whispered, realization dawning on me. “That man who told me to go to sleep. He carried me to where you were…I heard someone calling for help in the alley leading to where you were…”
“I should have known.” Shadow ducked his head, and his shoulders shook as if he were sobbing. “I underestimated him. After what I did…I should have known he was planning a revenge like no other.”
I touched his cheek and found it was wet. “Shadow…”
 He took my hands and his grief-stricken eyes met mine. “I have no right to beg your forgiveness, but if there is any way for me to free you from this place, I swear to you I will find it.”
“But you won’t have to,” I insisted. “Listen to me, my love, everything’s going to be okay. I—”
The door burst open and three armored guards entered. Shadow’s fangs emerged and a hiss of rage escaped his throat.
“Get behind me,” he snarled.
Before I could move, one of the guards grabbed me, yanking me up. I struggled and kicked, but to no avail. The guard’s grip was as cold and unbreakable as frozen iron. Shadow growled and made to attack my captor, but he was easily held off.
An icy hand caressed my cheek.
“Shall we go, my dear?”
“Leave her alone, you bastard.” Shadow struggled in the other guard’s grip, his movements feeble but desperate. “Leave her alone!”
“But she won’t be alone, Harijan,” Xavier said. “She will have hundreds of infant Evanescence for company as she dies.”
I had no idea what he meant by that, but the horror on Shadow’s face told me I would rather kill myself than go through what Xavier had planned for me.
They dragged me away. Shadow’s hoarse screams echoed behind me.
Don’t be afraid, I thought, wishing to God that I could send him my thoughts. Everything will be all right. I promise. 
God, I love you so much.

***

Shadow

They took her away. Along with my heart, my soul, my light. Everything.
I sank to the floor, already feeling my sanity begin to slip away. Xavier would not make me watch Mercedes be thrown into the Lazarus Pit. It was so much more painful to leave me to wonder when and how she would suffer the worst death imaginable.
Mercedes. My love.
I closed my eyes and allowed the abyss of despair to consume me.

***

Mercedes

Lulu would make sure my last letters went to my friends and family. They hadn’t been written in the style of suicide notes, but when writing them, I made certain they contained a proper air of goodbye.
But they would be all right. And Shadow would be all right. The message was spreading. I may die, but I knew it would spread fast enough to save those I loved. All thanks to Brandon and Morgan.
Brandon and Morgan. They were probably dead, but they would not die in vain. 
“Have my transport ready,” Xavier commanded his guards. “We will be leaving in a couple of hours. In the meantime, leave me.”
“Yes, lord.”
Xavier took me to a room that was lavishly decorated. When the door closed behind me, I felt a thrill of dread that had nothing to do with my upcoming demise.
“I know all about you, Mercedes Strand,” Xavier whispered. His back was to me as he began to remove his cloak. “You are an altruistic soul, though you have never wanted for anything throughout your entire life. Is there any particular reason you devote most of your time helping abused females?”
I swallowed, knowing I had to play his game. Maybe there was a chance I could live, but I had to be cautious.
“I don’t know,” I whispered. “I honestly don’t. I was never abused by a boyfriend or a male relative, so I could never understand what they go through…but my parents raised me to be strong. They made sure I had self-confidence and strength so that I would never let a man hurt me or make me feel worthless.”
“Shadow never hurt you?”
“He did,” I said. “I don’t condone him for hurting me, but I do forgive him. He apologized and promised to never hurt me again, and he’s kept his word.”
Xavier turned around to look at me.
“Do you know why I loathe you so, Mercedes?”
He tone was polite and friendly. I shivered and shook my head.
“I have had many beloveds, and every single one of them knew that their purpose was to serve me. To do exactly as I ordered without question. But some of them required a certain amount of…shall we say…persuasion.”
He turned around, and I saw the beautiful face of an angel and the eyes of a devil.
“You have just informed me that you are one who requires persuasion.”
He grabbed me by the throat, choking me. His now glowing blue eyes blazed with lust.
“Females do not exist for pleasure or reproduction,” he hissed. “They exist solely to submit. Like Shadow, I will rip away your delusions before I grant you death.”
His fangs exploded in his mouth and he bit his wrist, forced me to drink his blood, and then proceeded to feast on mine.
It wasn’t the pain slash pleasure slash comfort I experienced with Shadow. This was simply pain. Horrible, violating pain.
Like all the other times, fighting him was useless. I grew steadily weaker as he drank my blood, and I didn’t even feel his hands ripping open my jacket.
Then he stopped. Or rather, he was pulled off me. I blacked out before I could get to see my rescuer.
“…des…cedes…Mercedes…Mercedes!”
“Hnnnn,” I groaned.
“Here. Drink.”
Something solid and wet pressed against my mouth. It only took a few mouthfuls to regain most of my strength. When the world became clearer, the face of my rescuer materialized in front of me. I gasped in shock and relief.
“Brandon!”
“The one and only.” His grin was tired and pained, but at least he was still alive.
“I thought you were dead,” I said as he helped me up.
“I came close,” he replied darkly. “Morgan too. One of them managed to get you while we were fighting. We would have died, but Blackhole saved us.”
“Who’s Blackhole?”
“Shadow would be better at explaining than me.” Brandon took my hand. “Come on.”
“What happened to Xavier? Where…?” I trailed off when we went outside the room. It was so quiet I could hear a pin drop. “Where is everyone?”
Brandon smiled at me. The expression contained both awe and deep satisfaction. “I don’t think we’ll have to worry about any of Xavier’s guards. But the prisoners are still here, including Shadow.”
My heart started to beat frantically, and I took off in the opposite direction. Brandon called after me, but I ignored him. I knew where Shadow was in this hellhole. I had memorized the paths I had been lead down.
Shadow…Shadow…hold on. 

***

Shadow

I could feel myself slipping away. I could feel the madness clawing at my mind, attempting to purge me of everything that I was. It would not take long. Soon I would be a shell of my former self. The guards made sure to inject me with more garlic so I would have absolutely no hope of moving. I could only lie helpless, unable to save Mercedes. Unable to do anything.
You are incredibly clever, Ancient One, I thought. You granted me a dream I thought I could hold onto. The most beautiful dream, the purest. And just when I believed that dream would come true…
…you took it away from me.
Mercedes. Mercedes. The angel of my dreams. You are the light in my darkness. A light I allowed to be extinguished. I will not beg for a forgiveness I do not deserve. This is my punishment for failing you and I will embrace it. I will cling to life, I will allow myself to feel every bit of this agony. 
I once heard a human saying that to suffer is to be alone. It was true because we are not the same. We all react to pain differently. I would never pretend that the pain of my fellow Untouchables was the same as my own. I would never pretend that I could imagine Mercedes’ terror and the unspeakable agony she would feel when she was thrown into the Lazarus Pit.
I would never know her pain. But I would know pain before I died.
Goodbye, my love. May Lord Order give you light in the Kingdom of Duality.
Yes, Lord Order would give her light. Like the light I was hallucinating now. The madness was consuming me. I could even see Mercedes quite clearly in the light. Was Lord Order granting me a sliver of mercy before I was lost in Chaos’s darkness?
“Shadow! Shadow!”
She ran towards me, tears raining from her beautiful eyes. She fell to her knees, and her hands touched me. Warm. Solid.
 “Shadow, Shadow,” she chanted over and over, her hands desperately holding my face. “Brandon?!”
“He needs blood,” a familiar voice said. “Human blood.”
“Shadow.” The angel of my dreams pressed her wrist against my mouth. It was wet. “Drink. You have to drink.”
For the next minute, my hunger and instincts dominated me. I drank greedily and without thought. 
“Take whatever you need.” A soft, loving whisper. “I give it to you freely.”
Freely. She was giving to me freely without any thought for herself. That alone gave me the strength to stop feeding before I gravely weakened her. I pulled my mouth away and met her eyes.
Her dazzling smile shone through her tear-stained face. “I’m here, Shadow.”
Her blood was on my lips. Her beautiful, kind face was right in front of me. Her warm, human skin was beneath my trembling fingertips when I raised my hand to her face.
“My love,” I whispered.
“Yes,” Mercedes sobbed, pressing my hand hard against her cheek. “Yes, I’m here. Everything’s going to be okay.”
I could feel the madness fading as I continued to stare at her. When my vision cleared enough to see the light of love in Mercedes’ eyes, I regained every last bit of myself.
And I remembered.
“Xavier,” I hissed, drawing Mercedes up with me. “Mercedes, where is he? How did you escape from him? Where are his guards?”
“I don’t think we’ll need to worry about Xavier anymore.”
I looked past Mercedes and saw Brandon standing in the corner of the cell. He looked as if he had been through a lot over the past few days, but there was also something different about him.
“But all the same, I think we should get out of here,” he continued.
“Yes,” I said and lifted Mercedes in my arms. I did not know what Brandon meant about not having to worry about Xavier, but all I was concerned with was getting Mercedes out of here. Everything else could wait.

***

Mercedes

Though it was quite undignified to be carried around so often, I knew better than to insist on walking on my own two feet. For one thing, I was a little tipsy from blood loss. For another, we were still in Xavier’s lair, guards or no guards. We needed to get away as quickly as we could.
Shadow held me tightly as he sped through the streets and leaped over buildings. I clung to his neck, tightening my own grip on him as tears of relief and love threatened to spill once again. 
“It’s safe to go home, Shadow,” Brandon called as he matched his fellow vampire’s pace. “Turn on your computer. Watch the latest news. You may see something that will greatly interest you.” He sped on up ahead.
“Where are you going?” Shadow demanded.
“Some unfinished business needs to be taken care of. Then I need to return to Morgan.”
“Brandon!” I yelled. When he turned his head back, I smiled at him. “Thank you so much.”
Brandon smiled, saluted, and disappeared behind a building.
“He’s the reason we’re both alive right now,” I whispered.
“I know,” Shadow said in a low voice. After a pause, he added, “He has been a very good friend to me for decades. Though I do not know what I have ever done to be worthy of that friendship.”
“You have so much more worth than you know, Shadow,” I said. “I’ve been wanting to tell you that for a long time.”
He didn’t reply, though he looked as if his insides were paining him. When we reached his apartment, he set me on my feet and took a step away from me. Surprised, I reached for him, but he backed away.
“What is wrong with you?” he demanded in an agonized plea. “Why do you not hate me? Do you know what nearly happened to you because of me!?”
“What nearly happened to me is no one’s fault but Xavier’s!” I shouted so loudly that he blinked. “If I blame you for what Xavier did, then I may as well be blaming you for actually having the nerve to be strong in the face of adversity!”
“What are you talking about?”
I swallowed and dropped my eyes. “When Xavier…when he took me away…he took me to his rooms and he tried to…” my skin crawled, and I hugged my elbows, desperate to rid myself of the memory of what he had nearly done.
“What!?” Shadow roared. He crossed the distance between us and grasped my arms. “Did he--!?”
“No,” I said quickly, forcing myself to look at him again. “No,” I repeated more quietly. Shadow’s grip on me loosened, but the fires of hatred and vengeance blazed brightly in his crystal blue eyes. But this time, his anger only enhanced his beauty, stealing my breath. He looked like an angel of death, but there was sheer protectiveness radiating from him. All for me.
“He didn’t,” I continued. “But what he said to me before he tried to…Shadow, people like Xavier thrive on pain, they thrive on the weakness of others. Nothing gives them more pleasure than to strip their victims of their self-respect and sense of worth, to see the light of life fade from their eyes. But you didn’t break, you kept on fighting no matter how bad it got. Because…” I put my hand over his heart. “…you have hope, Shadow. You have faith. Not many could hold onto that when faced with such oppression, but you did.” I reached up to touch his face. “You are incredibly strong, Shadow. Don’t ever be ashamed of being strong.”
When I fell silent his face opened up, and I saw him. All of him. All his pain, all his despair, all his shame, all his hope. The intensity of everything this man had gone through brought tears to my eyes.
“What are you?” Shadow whispered as he tenderly held my face. He sounded like a lost soul who had finally found a bright star in the middle of a dark forest. “What are you?”
“I’m Mercedes,” I said. My voice choked as my tears flowed freely. “And I love you.”
His eyes bled to black. I saw a hint of moisture gather in them before he pulled me against him and kissed me hard. I wrapped my arms around his neck and returned the kiss with everything I had. When we broke apart, he began to brush my tears away with such tenderness that it made me cry all over again.
“We…we should do as Brandon said.” I took a deep breath, struggling to regain control of my emotions. “I think he’s right. I think we won’t ever have to worry about Xavier again.”
Shadow’s face hardened. “Let us find out first.”

***

Brandon

“Your argument is very bold and compelling, Harijan.”
“It is the truth, Your Majesty,” I replied as evenly as I could. 
“And why should I believe you?”
“In my experience, Your Majesty, the more unusual a story is, the more likely it is to be true. This one is true. If you wish me to swear an oath to the Brothers of Duality, I will do so without hesitation.”
 “Did you see her gather the evidence of the unspeakable crime Xavier committed?”
“I did not.”
I heard a faint rustle of movement, but kept my eyes on the polished black floor. 
“High Priest Aidan?”
A soft, wise voice responded.
“The human must be judged before Xavier is punished. If she has done what Harijan Brandon claims, then there is a chance that the Brothers of Duality favor her, and she cannot be ignored.”
“Bring her before us, Harijan Brandon.”
“As you wish, Your Majesty. High Priest.”

***

Shadow

I swore to Mercedes I would never underestimate her again. All the same, I had difficulty comprehending what the vampire authorities were broadcasting.
The elite lord Xavier has been arrested in light of new evidence in the murder of High Priest Abraham.
Scheduled for execution.
Will be condemned to the Lazarus Pit.
“That’s justice for you,” Mercedes whispered.
“I could not agree more,” I growled.
She sighed and stared at her lap. “Well at least now I know who saved me from him. A vampire police officer must have pulled him off me and carried him away.”
My gums itched in response to the rage I felt when I imagined what that sadistic bastard had nearly done to her. But the sight of Mercedes, healthy, whole, beautiful, and sitting right next to me helped to quell my anger.
I kissed her and pressed our foreheads together.
“I should have told you this before he carried you away,” I whispered. “Even though it is one of the many things I have no right to say to you, or feel for you…I love you.”
“I know,” she whispered. “So, what now?”
It was a question I had yet to contemplate. But I already knew the answer I would give.
“I have no desire to let you go. However, you may want to reconsider.”
She pulled back in shock. “Why? What do you--?” her face fell in realization. “Oh,” she said in a small voice, dropping her eyes. “I know. I’m just a human and you’re—”
“Don’t you dare,” I hissed, and she jerked her head up at my deadly tone of voice. “You are a human. A human who did what I could not. You found a way to defeat one of the most powerful, ruthless elites in vampire history. You did it, not me, not anyone else. You fought with your intelligence, which is a greater weapon than any sword could ever hope to be. And your humanity is one of reasons why I love you. You are pure and selfless, Mercedes. You give without any thought of personal reward. Your humanity is your strength. Do not ever be ashamed of being strong.”
Her mouth fell open, and then she smiled. “Touché. But what did you mean before?”
I sighed. “Xavier may never torment us again, but my status as an Untouchable will never change. My rebellious reputation has not diminished, and I am certain I will catch the attention of some other sadistic elite in the future. If, when they find out how deeply I care for you, they will finish what Xavier started.”
Mercedes bit her lip. “I want to say I don’t care, but I’ve seen what Xavier is capable of. I have friends and family at home. They’ll be targets too because of my connection to you.”
Despair swamped me, but I kept it from showing on my face. “You have a duty to them, and it would be the epitome of dishonor if I asked you to forfeit their lives.” I stood up, ignoring the icy fingers strangling my heart. “I will return you to the mortal world right now.” I had to, knowing I might not have the strength to let her go if I waited any longer. “You have my word that you will never hear from me again—”
“Shadow.”
I turned around. Mercedes was staring at me, a mixture of disappointment and sadness on her features. In a single, fluid motion, she was on her feet.
“Do you know what we’ve just done? We’ve defeated Xavier. No matter how much you want to credit me for my hacking skills, it was you who made me realize what incriminating evidence I found.” She walked up to me and took my face in her hands. “We both defeated him against impossible odds, and in the process we fell in love. After all that, you just want to give up?”
“Mercedes, this is not about giving up,” I said angrily. “This is about keeping you and your family safe!”
“I understand what you’re trying to do, and I appreciate it very much,” she said soothingly. “But I love you, and I…I can’t imagine living without you. I’m not saying I’m going to compromise the safety of my friends and family for my own selfish desires. But I intend to find a way for us to be together without endangering anyone. The question is, are you up to the challenge?”
Her smile grew teasing and sly, and I felt the corners of my lips curl upward on their own accord.
“I am up to any challenge that crosses my path.” My voice dropped to a low purr. Mercedes shivered deliciously in my arms. I kissed her because I could do nothing else. 
My arms wrapped around her body and she met me all the way. As my lips moved over hers, I became fully aware of her human heat, and how deeply it was affecting me. I broke apart from her just as my fangs emerged.
Face flushed, eyes bright, Mercedes held onto me. “Shadow…”
I knew what I wanted, but this woman was still very young. And was her flesh as innocent as her soul? Before I could reply, I heard a knock at the door. I immediately went to answer it, feeling both annoyance and gratitude for the intruder.
I blinked when I saw who it was. “Brandon? What are you--?”
“You need to come with me,” he cut me off urgently. “You and Mercedes. The royal family has summoned you both.”
Suddenly I knew where Brandon had gone to complete his “unfinished business.”
“What have you done?” I hissed.
“I’m making sure you and Mercedes get out of this alive!” His voice rose to an angry snarl, which was very unbecoming of him. “And I saw an opportunity to make life better for Outcasts, something you would give anything for!”
“What’s going on?” Mercedes asked looking from Brandon to me.
Brandon’s face softened at her approach. “You both need to come with me now. The royal family doesn’t like to be kept waiting.”
“What did you tell them?” I asked in a calmer voice.
“That a human found the true murderer of High Priest Abraham,” Brandon responded.
Mercedes paled. “The vampire royal family wants to meet with me?”
“They’ll question you, yes,” Brandon said. “But you’ll be fine. Just be very polite and very respectful, and they won’t hurt you. In fact, I would be greatly surprised if they didn’t give you an extravagant reward.”
Mercedes gave me a nervous look. She wasn’t pleading with me, and I admired her greatly for it. But while the royal family valued honor, they allowed the elites to do nearly anything they wanted. I had no idea how much respect they held for humans. One mishap and Mercedes could die.
But there was no choice.

***

Mercedes

Our journey to the royal family was a long process. When we got outside, there was an escort of no less than ten guards dressed in armor that was somewhat similar to the kind Xavier’s soldiers wore. The most striking difference was their helmets. Some of them were shaped like the head of a bird of prey while the others resembled the head of a big cat. It was very curious. Though I couldn’t see their faces, I could tell that they were eying me with a mixture of curiosity and disdain as all three of us were loaded into a sleek, enclosed vehicle.
None of us spoke throughout the journey. With all the guards, we all made a silent agreement that to say anything would be unwise. Brandon stared at the black glass that was probably a heavily tinted window. I guess that they didn’t want me or Shadow to see the path we were taking. I took that as a good sign. If their intention was to kill us, I doubted they would be so secretive.
I made sure my outward appearance was calm, respectful, and poised when, after an hour, we were finally led out of the vehicle. But my mouth fell open all on its own accord at the sight of the gargantuan building in front of me. I would have expected something medieval and gothic, but there was nothing medieval and gothic about a step pyramid made of the purest obsidian. Shadow put a comforting hand on my shoulder as we were led inside. If I wasn’t so scared, the artist in me would have been in absolute heaven. So many exotic designs, statues, carpeting, jewels…this was an artist’s paradise.
We stopped when we reached a set of double doors that was at least half a mile high.
“The human will enter first,” one of the guards said. 
“What?” Shadow’s grip on me tightened.
“It is the will of the royal family,” another guard said. “Would you defy them, Harijan?”
“Shadow…” Brandon put a hand on his shoulder, both to offer comfort and caution.
“I’ll be fine,” I said, though my nervousness had increased ten-fold. “I promise.”
If the guards weren’t around, I could tell he would have kissed me. Instead, he gripped my hand briefly before I was led inside.
The room was incredibly large, lavish, and radiated a history I could not even begin to comprehend. But what caught my eye the most was a large obsidian statue of what appeared to be a jaguar. It was an unusual statue, mostly because the front left paw was missing. I couldn’t explain why I was drawn to it, but quickly regained myself. Apparently, while these vampires may live in a separate dimension, their roots were clearly in the mortal world. And judging from the design of the royal palace, the helmets the guards wore, and the vast displays of feathers, snake skin, obsidian, and jade, I was pretty certain I knew which cultures they took the most after. 
They were human once, I suddenly knew. All of them. But they formed their own society and surpassed humanity. They found access to another dimension because they wanted to expand. But they still need human blood. 
“Greetings, human,” a male voice said in an accent I couldn’t name.
Three vampires emerged from the shadows. A man and two women. The man was of medium height and of Asian descent. He had shoulder-length dark hair, lean features, and eyes so cold and wise that I wanted to shiver and ask him the answer to every riddle in existence at the same time. The first woman was tall and appeared to be Hispanic. She moved so fluidly that her red robes didn’t rustle in the slightest. Her brown hair was curled at the top of her head and adorned with a delicate, golden headdress that emphasized her flawless cheekbones and swan-like neck. The second woman was shorter, but every bit as elegant as her female counterpart. Her red hair ran like a river of fine wine down her back. She too wore an exotic golden headdress that, along with her deep emerald robes, made me think of a medieval princess that a villainous dragon would love to get his claws on. But her merciless blue eyes made me wonder how long the dragon’s heart would stay inside its chest if it dared to cross her. Their clothing spoke of separate cultures, but I was not the least bit surprised to see that they all wore obsidian and jade jewelry. 
I bowed very low.
“Your Majesties.”
I kept my eyes on the floor in a sign of respect. Not to mention I was terrified out of my mind. I was in the presence of three gods of inhuman power, beauty, and danger. One wrong word or move, and they would effortlessly snuff me out of existence.
Fingers even icier than Shadow’s gently touched my chin and tilted my head up. It was the red-haired woman.
“If I look outwardly, I would see less than nothing,” she murmured. Her accent was different from Yuan’s. I could tell it was a very old European one.  “But inwardly…” She looked at the man who nodded.
“My name is Yuan, one of several vampire kings,” he introduced himself to me. “This is Ariadna,” he gestured to the Hispanic woman, “and Radella,” he gestured to the red-haired woman, “two vampire queens. We have much to discuss with you, Mercedes Strand. According to Harijan Brandon, you are responsible for discovering the mastermind behind High Priest Abraham’s murder. How did you accomplish this?”
Inwardly, I took a deep breath before telling them my story in a succinct manner. When I was finished, I couldn’t tell if they were impressed, angry, or indifferent.
“We have decided that there is no way you or any other vampire could have faked this evidence,” Ariadna said at last in an unmistakable Spanish drawl. “But what I would especially like to know is why would you search for this evidence in the first place?”
A cold chill went up my spine. I was treading on very thin ice here. These vampires were members of the royal family. They knew very well how Untouchables like Shadow were treated. Moreover, they enabled that treatment.
Be blunt and honest, I told myself. Don’t whitewash any facts. They’ll see right through it.
So I told them how Shadow and I met, how it was all thanks to Xavier’s manipulations, and how we devised a plan to take him down.
“Killing him outright would have only angered vampire leadership,” I said. “I knew someone as arrogant and cruel as Xavier would have some very dark skeletons in his closet. I found more than I bargained for, but as long as he’ll never be able to hurt Shadow again, I won’t complain.”
“Do you love him, mortal?” Yuan asked.
I nodded. “I do.”
Ariadna’s chuckle at my statement angered me, but I kept my face neutral.   
“Whether she loves him or not is irrelevant,” Radella said. Her blue eyes locked on me, so pale and ruthless that I wondered if they were permanently in that predatory state I had seen Shadow sink into so often. “She is human, but she has done a great service to the vampires, and to the gods. This service cannot go unrewarded.”
Yuan nodded. “There are many rewards we could bestow on you. But you have impressed me, Mercedes Strand. So I will give you the honor of asking what reward you would name.”
That wasn’t a hard question. I knew exactly what I wanted.

***

Shadow

“Breathing helps, Shadow. Remember, we need to do so at least every four hours.”
It was nearly a minute before I knew I could talk without snarling.
“She will be fine,” I said more to myself than to Brandon.
“Did Blackhole make it back okay?”
“I sensed him in the apartment, but he let Mercedes and I be for a while. It was not easy for him. He wants very much to meet her.”
“I don’t blame him.” Brandon smiled slyly. “I can’t tell you how amazed I am, Shadow. It seems like the friend I knew mere weeks ago died so suddenly, it took me a while to notice it.”
“I could say the same for you,” I said coolly. “I did not believe you would fight so fiercely against your status mere days after having a change of heart regarding your acceptance of it.”
“I told you I’d help in any way I could,” Brandon said in a serious tone. “I keep my word, my friend.”
Shame curdled in my stomach at his sincerity. Despite our differences, Brandon had been the only real friend apart from Blackhole that I possessed during my long centuries of torment. And as I told Mercedes, I had done nothing to earn it.
“Why would you promise such a thing to me?” I asked quietly.
“You are my friend. And I have this feeling that you will change vampire society for the better. You and Mercedes.”
I gave him an incredulous look before laughing. “You are delusional.”
“I was,” Brandon said quietly. “But I’m not anymore.”
A companionable silence followed. Just as I was gathering the nerve to thank Brandon for all he had done for Mercedes and I, we were called by the guards. 
She will be fine, I told myself for the thousandth time. At least they had not killed her, or Brandon and I would be dead by now as well.
Upon entering the royal chambers, I immediately saw Mercedes in the presence of vampire king Yuan and vampire queens Ariadna and Radella. It was all I could do not to sag in relief when I saw Mercedes was completely unharmed.
Brandon and I knelt on our knees.
“You both may rise,” Queen Radella said.
We obeyed, but I did not dare approach Mercedes for fear of stoking the royal’s ire.
“Your human servant has informed us that she desires a certain reward for bringing High Priest Abraham’s true murderer to justice,” King Yuan informed me. “She desires that you, both of you, along with Harijan Brandon’s lover, shall never come to harm by an elite ever again.”
Incredulity swept through me. Brandon was all but gaping at Mercedes who merely smiled.
I told you I’d find a way, her eyes said.
“It is far from an unreasonable reward,” Queen Radella said. “Especially since all of you played a substantial role in this great service to the gods.”
“We still find it very hard to believe that a human, no matter how skilled in technology, could have found irrefutable evidence of Xavier’s involvement.” Queen Ariadna didn’t bother to hide the condescension in her tone. “We believe that the Brothers of Duality themselves aided you, mortal, and your Harijan allies. If you are truly favored by the gods, then you can guarantee that we will ensure that no elite will ever harm any of you again.”
“Our priests and priestesses will meditate, and we will summon you once the gods have spoken,” King Yuan said. “In the meantime, you will be granted full protection against the elites. You are now dismissed.”
I took Mercedes’ arm and started to lead her away, but she brushed me aside.
“Wait,” she said. “Where is Xavier now?”
The royals exchanged grim looks.
“He will be sentenced to die in the Lazarus Pit.” Queen Radella uttered in a voice as frozen and desolate as an arctic winter. “Currently, he is being held in the Dungeons of Chaos where several Kshatriya are…softening him up.” Her lips curled upward. “Would you like to see him?”
Much as I wanted to get Mercedes out of here, I craved to see that bastard one last time. I glanced at Mercedes who looked uneasy, but nodded.
“If it will help…”
She trailed off, but I knew what she meant. The guards led us to the Dungeons of Chaos where criminals who committed blasphemies awaited their judgment in the Lazarus Pit. It was not uncommon for humans to be sentenced there along with vampires. I suspected Xavier’s plan had been to frame Mercedes for a blasphemy and then hand her over to the royals.
I gripped my love’s hand as we were led deeper into a hell worse than the one we just experienced. The incessant screams and moans of unbearable agony surpassed the ones in Xavier’s lair. Despite being an elite, even he did not have access to the worst torture machinations known to mortals and immortals alike. 
“I think I want to wait outside,” Mercedes said. She looked very ill.
“Mercedes, if this is too much for you, we will leave immediately,” I said, meaning every word.
“No. You need to do this,” Mercedes insisted. 
“I’ll take her outside,” Brandon said. “Just don’t take long.”
I watched them go and felt a deep admiration for both of them. Beyond the door in front of me was the vampire who had put them and those they cared about through unspeakable torment. Yet they had no desire to gloat. They did not need to see him in order to find closure. All they wanted was to put this all behind them and move on with their lives.
I did not admire myself for what I was about to do, but I did not hate myself for it either. As Mercedes said, I needed to do it.
The guards let me enter and I was greeted by fresh screams. Several armored and masked Kshatriya carrying everything from silver spears to garlic sprays stood aside to reveal the burned, battered, half-naked, chained form of Xavier. My fangs nearly emerged in response to the satisfaction and pleasure rushing through me at the sight.
Xavier lifted his head. His once cruelly beautiful face was now so charred and cracked it was all but unrecognizable. But I would know his eyes from anywhere at any time, no matter how red and bloodshot they were from continuous garlic sprays.
He blinked at my approach, perhaps in a vain effort to clear his vision somewhat, and an incredibly thin raspy laugh escaped from his ruined lips.
“I trust…this irony…is not lost…on you…Harijan?”
“It is not,” I said in a calm voice.
“Have…your moment…you…cannot…hurt me…anymore.”
“I wanted to hurt you,” I whispered. “And I would have. But it was Mercedes who defeated you in the end, not me. You were beaten by a human, Ancient One. A human you intended to destroy me. I trust that irony is not lost on you?”
A growl rumbled in the back of Xavier’s throat. His eyes still contained those everlasting flames of hatred. 
“And if I recall, you wished to throw her into the Lazarus Pit after satisfying your sadistic lust,” I said icily. “The irony thickens ever so much, does it not?”
I could tell there was nothing he would not have done in exchange for the strength to break free and rip my head clean from my shoulders. I walked up to Xavier until our faces were mere inches apart and smiled.
“I could join these Kshatriya. I could revel in your screams. But instead I wish to thank you. Your intended revenge on me was subtle, but could not have been more perfect. The same can be said for my revenge. I love Mercedes, I am no longer ashamed of my dream for a better life, the royal family has promised that no elite will ever harm us again, and it is all thanks to you.” I grinned, showing my fangs. “So thank you, Xavier. Thank you so very much.”
I turned on me heel and left, Xavier’s feeble shrieks and roars echoing behind me.

***

Mercedes

Dawn broke by the time Shadow returned me home. I asked to see him again that night, but he refused, stating that I needed a few days rest first. I couldn’t deny he was right. From everything I just endured to my sheer relief that Shadow and everyone I cared about would be safe from harm, I was flat-out exhausted.
Still, I couldn’t bring myself to skip school. I just programmed my brain to self-pilot itself like I had done many times before. Sam and Nadine suspected something was wrong, but I told them I was just tired and they let me be. I still hoped that someday I wouldn’t have to lie to them anymore, but now that I had caught the attention of the royal family, that seemed more like wishful thinking at best. 
Well, you can’t get everything you want. 
And eager as I was to be with Shadow again, I managed to have a deeply relaxing and enjoyable evening. After finding out that I had barely touched my dinner last night, Natalie made her disapproval known by serving me the exact same seven-course lasagna meal again. To please her (and to satisfy my rumbling belly) I all but polished everything off. 
“Please relax as much as you can, Miss Mercedes. You haven’t given me any details, but judging from your torn, bloody clothes and those utterly unattractive dark circles under your eyes, I imagine you went through something very troubling last night.”
I smiled fondly as I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the bubble bath.
“I did,” I replied. “But we won, Lulu.”
“I expected nothing less of you. And what of your relationship with Shadow?”
I opened my eyes and sank slightly deeper into the water. “He told me he loved me.”
“Then why do you appear so troubled?”
I sighed. “We both love each other and have admitted as much, but we still live in two different worlds. And there are forces in each of those worlds that would do everything they could to tear us apart. I’m still not sure if those who know won’t try to tear us apart eventually. Also…Lulu, I’m human. He’s a vampire. An immortal.”
“If you want my opinion, Miss Mercedes, I would simply advise your usual caution in regards to your first concern. Outside forces will always work against you whether you are in love or if you are simply trying to complete a homework assignment. That is the way it always will be. That is what life is like, Mercedes.”
“I know,” I said. “I put on a brave face to Shadow when he mentioned his concerns. I said I was up to the challenge, and I am, though I’m still afraid.”
“Then you know what it means to be courageous,” Lulu said. “And as to your second concern, I believe it could not be more irrelevant.”
I was stunned. “Why?”
“Tell me, Miss Mercedes, and be honest: did you and Shadow come close to death during your ordeal last night?”
I shuddered. “I can’t think about how close we came to death.”
“That is my point. Just because time may not kill Shadow does not mean he is truly immortal. His physiology may be more resistant to physical harm than yours, but those outside forces you are concerned about…any outside forces for that matter are just as capable of ending his life as they are yours. The truth is, Mercedes, Shadow is just as mortal as you are. Perhaps even more so if he has had as rough a life as you claim.”
I sighed and nodded. “You’re right, Lulu. From the day we’re born, we live on borrowed time. Every moment could be our last. Worrying about how Shadow’s so-called immortality will affect our relationship is the epitome of shallowness and arrogance. I may as well base our relationship on how young and physically attractive I am, and that’s not love at all.”
“It is love, just an incredibly unhealthy love.”
A compartment opened on the wall beside the bath. A metal arm carrying a tray with warm, sweet biscuits, and a large, steaming cup of hot cocoa extended itself. I smiled and picked up the mug.
“Thanks, Lulu,” I said before taking a long, gratifying drink.
“You’re welcome, Mercedes.” 

***

Shadow

Four days passed, and I was very grateful that the royal family still had not summoned either Mercedes or I. Were it my choice, she would not be involved in these affairs at all. Then again, thinking that was incredibly hypocritical of me. She was involved because of her connection to me, and would always be involved so long as we were together. 
I knew then and there that my fear of letting her go to protect her would never fully fade. I would let her go if it meant protecting her, but I would also do anything to ensure that we remained together. I now knew what it felt like to be whole, and I would kill anyone who tried to take her away from me.
Blackhole bounced around my heels as I was about to leave my apartment. I sighed and bent down, touching my Evanescence companion’s forehead.
What is it, my friend?
Are you bringing her over?
I doubt it. She still needs time to rest, and I do not know when the royal family will summon us. Do not worry, you will meet her soon enough.
I have to meet her soon, Shadow. I respected your privacy during the time she was here, but I need to see her soon.
I frowned in confusion. Blackhole had never sounded so urgent.
Is there something you are not telling me?
There’s something about her, Shadow. She’s no ordinary human. She’s a player of destiny.
What do you mean?
I can’t say yet. I can only tell you what I sense.
My suspicion deepened. My people had enslaved the Evanescence thousands of years ago, but I had no real knowledge of their origins. Had they been hiding special powers and abilities from us for all this time?
Blackhole, you know you can trust me. I never considered you my slave, and I hope you never considered me your master.
I know. You always gave me a choice. That’s why I never thought of you as my master. I do trust you, Shadow, but I ask that you trust me in return. Know that I would never do anything to harm you or Mercedes. 
Several protests rose up in my mind, but I never voiced a single one of them.
Very well. I will trust you.
Thank you. 

***

Mercedes

Being a person who hated to flaunt my family’s affluence, I nearly always saved the designer clothing my mother constantly showered me with for special occasions only. But when I felt the scar on my neck grow warm again, I knew I wanted to wear something nice.
I opened a white box that had been on my bed since this morning and found a beautiful green dress complete with a matching pair of shoes and a scarf for my hair. I quickly put the outfit on, but didn’t bother with a drop of makeup. Blush or lipstick would only hinder Shadow’s touch on my face and lips, which was the last thing I wanted.
Taking a deep breath, I left my room.
It was pleasantly cool tonight, signaling the arrival of fall. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and savored the smell.
“You look beautiful, Mercedes.”
I gasped and flinched, both at the fact that Shadow was standing right in front of me, and the overwhelming intensity of his obsidian eyes.
“So do you,” I whispered dumbly, not knowing what else to say.
He well-cut lips curled into a slight smile, and my knees went weak.
He kissed me, long, slow, and deep before pressing our foreheads together.
“Will you come with me?”
“Always,” I swore.
He lifted me and began to run. A part of me wanted him to run forever. It gave me a feeling of such freedom and security. There was no feeling that could compare to it. Well, his kiss came pretty close, but this…this was magical. Beyond magical. 
“Close your eyes,” he whispered to me when we arrived at the wall.
I obeyed, and this time, I didn’t feel at all sick after going through the portal. He set me on my feet and I felt soft grass beneath them.
A cold, marble finger ran down my jaw. “Now open them.”
I did and gasped for the second time in under ten minutes. Before me was the largest, oldest, most majestic oak tree I had ever seen in my life. It looked like something out of a fairy tale.
“I have always nursed a fondness for this particular tree,” Shadow said. He reached out to touch the bark.
I smiled at him. “Meaning you’re not as fond of your isolated apartment as you always thought?”
“I have spent much of my life deluding myself.” He retracted his hand and let it hang by his side. “But even I cannot prevent my subconscious mind from becoming attached to something I can very much relate to.”
I could see why he could relate to it. There was nothing surrounding the oak save for a seemingly endless field of grass. There weren’t even flowers on the branches. Its roots extended for several feet as if hoping that someday it would be able to touch something. For all its wisdom and power, it was stuck here in utter isolation.
“But there is a vast difference between us,” Shadow said as if reading my thoughts. “This tree did not choose its isolation. I did.”
The moonlight shone through the branches, illuminating his pale skin, and making his eyes shine so beautifully, I considered the pain inside them a travesty. 
“But you’re not alone anymore,” I said. I walked up to him and put a hand on his arm. “We’re together now. You wanted this. You chose this.”
He turned to fully face me, and my heart started racing at the sight of his glorious, illuminated features. 
“And what price will I have to pay?” he whispered. His hand ran down my hair before he began to caress his mark on me. “What price will you have to pay? I fear our victory against Xavier is only the beginning, my love.”
“It is only the beginning,” I said. “I know that in my heart. Outside forces will try to tear us apart, and how we respond will define the strength of our love.
“And who we really are.”
Shadow nodded as he put his hands around my waist. “But for now there is just you and I, Mercedes.” He pressed our foreheads together. “My love. My life. My soul.”
He kissed me hard. I pulled away when I saw that the oak tree possessed a very large, sturdy-looking branch.
“Hey,” I whispered, tilting my head in the direction of the branch. “What’s say we keep this very majestic tree company for a while longer?”
Shadow followed my line of vision and the ghost of a smirk flitted across his face. 
“An excellent idea.”
He held out his hand. My smile grew to a laugh as we both flew up in the air.

***

Blackhole

It was highly undignified to pose as a human child’s toy in a human child’s room, but I would do my duty. 
Perched on a shelf and bearing the appearance of what humans called a ‘teddy bear’, I watched the girl sleep, watched the sweet half-smile on her lips and the rise and fall of her chest. She looked incredibly innocent. Humans tended to be deeply affected by traumatic experiences for long periods of time, but this one was different.
Of course she was different
What do you think, my child?
I knew that my father did not value my opinion, but my answers never failed to amuse him.
She will serve, Titlacauan.
I was never allowed to address my father as my father. He preferred Titlacauan, or “We Are His Slaves.”
I have a new task for you, child. One that involves your beloved cousins, the dragons. Tell me, how do you think your vampire masters would react if the dragons were tempted into taking something of severe value to them?
They would wage war without hesitation.
Yes, they would. 
I stared at Mercedes, knowing which ‘valuable thing’ my father had in mind.
Listen carefully, child. This is what I desire…

###



Part II
The Mirror


Chapter 6

Find the seeds of dark discord
So commands my twisted lord
They writhe beneath a tender skin
And sprout they will at conflict’s whim

Tarasque

The golden chalices could not have been more glorious with their intricate designs and precious stones. The silver swords were long, lethal, and worthy of the most fearsome of warriors. The pearls on the necklaces were flawless, but that was no surprise; the mermaids themselves mined them. There were rubies and sapphires the size of boulders, a statue of an ancient goddess of untold beauty carved from a dark emerald. And that was just to name a few parts of the magnificent treasure before me. So many beautiful things, ancient things, things so priceless they would make mortals lose their breath, all floating on a sea of gold coins that twinkled like stars in the torchlight.
A magnificent treasure. My hunters had outdone themselves yet again. I should have been proud to add such a boon to my personal horde. I should have felt the great surge of satisfaction all dragon kings felt after such a successful hunt.
Instead…
“My king? It does not please you? If you wish, we could go out again and—”
“No,” I said more sharply than I intended. “No,” I said in a gentler tone. “You have all done very well.”
My three hunter’s posture and manner of speech were as dignified and respectful as could be. However, much as they valiantly tried to hide it, I knew they were deeply disappointed by my reaction. I knew that as they were flying home, they congratulated one another continuously on a job well done and how much they could not wait to see their king’s face when he saw their boon. 
The guilt I felt was considerable. My hunters did not deserve to have their hard work dismissed by their king. It was not at all their fault that treasure gathering did not give me as much pleasure as it once did. 
“For a treasure this size, I imagine you risked your lives on this mission. You must tell me of your adventures!”
All of them immediately brightened. Bokor was the first one to launch into a tale of a month long journey through an active volcano where a long-dead fairy queen hid her most precious possessions. While quite young for a hunter, he had an incredible talent for bringing his words to life when he told a story. I could vividly imagine the comforting heat of the molten lava, the fear all of them felt when they thought the fairy queen’s traps would get the better of them. How triumphant they were when they emerged victorious.
Valucan, a seasoned hunter whose scars and shining amber scales spoke of his trials and vast experience, described an incredible battle with a group of ogres who once thought they could outwit the dragons. Valucan showed them what fools they were, and a good portion of their treasure was swept up as punishment for their arrogance.
Raticandris, a hunter known for his incredible intellect, told me about his latest battle of wits against the Sphinx, Clytemnestra. I myself had won my fair share of victories against Sphinx riddles, but I would freely admit that Raticandris rivaled me in cleverness. Apparently, Clytemnestra had been contemplating this particular riddle for the past one-hundred years, and had been saving it specifically for Raticandris. I deeply respected Sphinxes and was amazed when my hunter told me word for word what Clytemnestra’s riddle was. It probably would have taken me at least an hour to solve it, but Raticandris had timed himself to thirty minutes and forty-seven seconds. Perhaps he was cleverer than I was.
The tales of my comrades lifted my spirits greatly, and for a moment, I contemplated telling them that their stories provided me with more joy than any treasure could ever hope to. But I knew I would not. They would think me mad. Dragons were not supposed to value tales over treasures. 
I dismissed my hunters, telling them to go enjoy a long vacation before returning to my personal chambers, to my greatest treasure of all: the Mirror. The Mirror was a magical artifact that had been passed down from the royal family through countless generations. It was also the greatest weapon in my arsenal, enabling me to watch beings from other worlds, even from other universes. With the Mirror, I could discover treasure in places I had never dreamed of. I could watch those who envied the dragon kingdom, and foil their plans if they ever contemplated declaring war on us.
But what captivated me most of all was the places it showed me, and the people. Places and people of such wonder, beauty, evil, majesty. I had been to many of them, but so many others remained untouched. The reasons always fell into two categories; our presence would provoke a costly war, or the world possessed nothing of value. In other words, there was no logical reason for dragons to set foot there. No logical reason.
And yet I watched them. I watched them ever since I inherited the throne. Over my thousands of years of existence, I had observed and documented countless sentient species, and I was content merely to watch these wondrous worlds. I had never felt a desire to actually travel to another world, and interact with the populace.
Or so I told myself.
King Tarasque.
The voice was inside my mind. However, I knew the intruder was in my chambers, and I was not at all afraid.
“I have little patience for thieves, and even less mercy,” I declared.
I am no thief, King Tarasque. I am a messenger.
“You are no messenger.” I inhaled. There were countless scents in the air, but I was able to effortlessly detect an anomaly. “You are hiding behind an ogre shield one-thousand yards to my right. Why do you hide, if you have no ill intent?”
My reasons are my own, King Tarasque. Please allow me to deliver my message, and I will leave you in peace.
Had I wanted to, I could have engulfed the entire room in flames so hot they would melt diamonds. But I found I was intrigued by the intruder’s boldness. I could detect absolutely no fear in his voice after I informed him I knew exactly where he was. It was not uncommon for mortals or even immortals to venture into a dragon’s keep and attempt to steal his treasure. Some of them succeeded, but only for a little while. A dragon always avenged his stolen property.
“Very well,” I said. “Speak.”
You are contemplating visiting other worlds, Your Majesty. Worlds you have always taken great joy in watching, but you never passed through your Mirror to go to any of them.
My blood heated up with anger. Had this intruder been spying on me?
“How do you know this?” I demanded.
I am a servant of a being far more powerful than even the mighty dragons, Your Majesty. It is he who has been watching you, and he wants you to visit other worlds.
I looked over at the ogre shield where I knew the intruder was hiding. A flick of my powerful tail, and that shield would be thrown clear across the Saw Tooth Mountains. But inwardly, I felt unnerved. Not even an immortal could hope to spy on a dragon, let alone the dragon king, for long. My pride demanded that I deliver fatal consequences on this mysterious ambassador for having the audacity to spy on the great dragon king, but my pragmatic side won out. If this ambassador were the servant of a being who was more powerful than dragons, then it would not be wise to provoke his wrath without being certain of his intentions.
But pragmatism or not, I would not obey blindly. It was time to test this ambassador.
“I do not take orders,” I said coldly. “I am the lord of all dragons.”
Be that as it may, Your Majesty, you must visit another world.
“Who are you?” I demanded. “Tell me before I rip you from your hiding place!”
I have a complex name, Your Majesty, so you may address me by the name a good friend of mine gave me. You can call me Blackhole.
I looked down at the ogre shield. This ambassador must be incredibly tiny. With my vision, I could effortlessly see every detail of the shield, but it was even smaller than one of my scales. 
“You have wasted your time, Blackhole.” The flames in my belly began to broil. I could have this entire chamber in flames within five seconds. “I want to kill you for your audacity, but I possess a twisted admiration for those who possess it in such high amounts. Leave now, and I will spare you.”
Necoc Yaotl is listening, Your Majesty. His anger is rising. You must visit the world of humans in a human form.
Smoke emitted from my nostrils. “Your chance is gone. Now you will—”
The Mirror shattered into millions of tiny pieces. Before I could even register my shock, the Mirror rebuilt itself as quickly as it had been broken and began to cloud with dark gray smoke. The ancient symbols carved into the obsidian frame glowed with a light so intense, I had to close my eyes. When I reopened them, the Mirror was shifting from image to image, world to world. I saw fairies, elves, sorcerers, sirens, mermaids…but the Mirror stopped on a world that I probably found to be the most fascinating of all: the human world.
Humans were fascinating to me because I found them to be so despicable. Their greed knew no limit, their evil knew no bounds, yet their society always rose from the ashes of countless losses and tragedies, most of which they brought on themselves. Though I often saw some humans act with a degree of morality, it was always to serve their own ends. 
Humans. So morbidly fascinating.
Your chance is gone, Your Majesty. Necoc Yaotl is angry with your defiance. If you disobey him, there will be consequences. That is all.
Blackhole fell silent. I reached out with my tail to lift the ogre shield away. There was nothing behind it.
I stared at the Mirror, at the portal to the human world. I was deeply unnerved by Blackhole and Necoc Yaotl’s display of power. The Mirror was an artifact of untold power and age. It had survived for countless millennia without even bearing a scratch on it. In fact, one of my forefathers had attempted to destroy it in a fit of rage after it refused to show him where an ancient power was stored. The Mirror usually obeyed the commands of all dragon kings, but sometimes it refused to, perhaps believing us unworthy to know certain things. My forefather had none of that. He attempted to destroy the Mirror, but only ended up being sucked into a black limbo-like world. After that, no king was ever foolish enough to attempt to destroy the Mirror.
But this Necoc Yaotl had. And not only had he succeeded, he put it back together with no effort at all!
It was time to call in my council.
 “Certainly not, my lord!” was Fangurn’s immediate response when I finished explaining to them what had transpired. “We are of the almighty dragon race! We bow to no one and nothing, especially not some faceless entity possessing some magical talent!”
“Some magical talent?” Yuthora countered. Her blood red eyes narrowed disapprovingly at her fellow council member. “Have you manipulated our king’s Mirror in such a way as this Necoc Yaotl has? Has King Tarasque himself done such a thing? You would dismiss such abilities as if they were nothing?”
“Not nothing, of course,” Loklair said quickly. “I’m sure all Fangurn meant is that we should think before we act.”
“That is not at all what I heard,” Yuthora said coolly. “All I heard from Fangurn was his typical arrogance and bluster.”
“And all I heard from you, Yuthora, was your typical female cowardice,” Fangurn sneered. Smoke rose from his nostrils to emphasize his scorn.
“Enough,” I commanded before Yuthora could strike back. “Yuthora, you are correct. We cannot dismiss what Blackhole and Necoc Yaotl are capable of, but Fangurn is also correct. The dragons bow and scrape to no one. I will not be going to the human world.”
The sounds of relief from my council members were immediate.
“We will wait for Blackhole and Necoc Yaotl, but should any of you encounter them, treat them with respect. Do not do anything that could provoke their anger. If we must start a war, it will be for a justified purpose.”
Fangurn looked decidedly smug that I took the path he wanted. Yuthora did not look disappointed, but she did look wary. Loklair was trying to appear neutral, but I could tell he was still quite unnerved by everything that had just transpired.
After dismissing my council, I went outside, eager for fresh air and exercise. I flew up in the air until my palace appeared as tiny as one of my claws. I flew even higher until I could see every aspect of my entire kingdom. Dragons of all ages, shapes, sizes, and colors milled about. I received some satisfaction in watching them, but despite what I had told my council, my newfound desire to explore other worlds was growing rapidly. I continued to fly for hours, which stretched into days. The sky did not calm me, nor did the sun or the clouds. The only thing that provided some comfort was the prospect of visiting another world. My frustration mounted to the pointed where I released it in a jet of flame ten miles long. 
Why do I feel this way? I thought furiously. I am a dragon. We do not feel the desire to leave home simply for the sake of exploration. We do not feel such cravings, such urges, such need!
Need...
Humiliation coursed through me at the realization. My desire to visit other worlds was no longer a desire. It was a need. But it was a need that would not rule me, I vowed. 
I flew until I reached the Saw Tooth Mountains. My destination was Mount Draco, the largest and most majestic of all mountains. It was where dragons were buried when they died. I needed the wisdom of my ancestors. I needed to know why I was so eager to leave home. If I meditated in Mount Draco, I was certain they would help me. 
I entered the tomb and immediately felt the comforting presence of my ancestors. The kings were buried further down. When I reached the end of the tomb, I was surrounded by statues fifty times my size of the kings of the past. They were all carved from precious metals and adorned with beautiful jewels that glimmered in the everlasting flames that surrounded them. 
Perhaps I was biased, but I thought my father’s statue the most magnificent. He had been one of the greatest dragon kings of all, leading our people into a golden age of prosperity. When he perished, I had been a young prince who put on a brave face but was inwardly terrified that I would lead the dragons down yet another dark path. As time passed, I gained confidence and wisdom. Under my rule, the dragons were thriving, but we still had not reached another golden age. That was what I should be focusing on, not insane desires of exploration of worlds that did not affect the dragon kingdom in the slightest. 
I bowed my head before my father and forefathers, allowing myself to become a magnet for the wisdom and knowledge soaking the air. Days passed. Weeks. It was almost an entire month before I heard the whisperings, but I focused on one particular voice.
Hello, my son.
Father, I responded, joy coursing through me. I seek your council, my lord.
You are troubled.
I believe we may be in danger. A being who calls himself Necoc Yaotl destroyed the Mirror and then repaired it in seconds. He also seems to possess the ability to control it.
Are you certain?
I saw it with my own eyes, Father. Necoc Yaotl’s servant told me that I must visit another world, and to take the form of the dominant species that resides there. He also said that if I disobeyed there would be consequences.
The dragons do not bow to anyone, save for their king. You are their king, my son.
I am aware of that, Father. But these beings are powerful, and I am not a warmonger. 
You always were cautious. There were plenty of times where I even thought you a coward, and that you were unfit to lead the dragons.
Shame coursed through me. My father was correct. In my youth, I had been too cautious, too unsure of myself.
Are you disappointed in me, my lord?
I am not. Your accomplishments are something to be proud of. I have faith in you, my son.
Thank you, Father. And I seek your council for one more reason. I feel…I feel a desire I should not feel. We dragons do not care for exploring worlds that are not our own. You like your father and his father before were content to merely watch other worlds, to see if alien races were a threat to us, or if they possessed something we could take. 
You are tempted to do as this Necoc Yaotl demands for your own reasons.
Yes.
Now you have shamed me, Tarasque. A dragon does not desire to visit other worlds for exploration and interaction. Those insects and the hives they reside in are beneath our notice. Do you desire to interact with them?
I did my best to ignore my growing fear and shame. Father, I—
You will continue to lead the dragons as their king, and you will purge yourself of this infinitely shameful desire. Do you understand?
Before I could reply, another voice rang through the tomb.
What hideous arrogance.
Bolts of purple lightening erupted around the statues, but their focus was on my father’s. They tore through the metal, the jewels. Melting, disintegrating.
“NO!” I screamed.
With a beat of my wings, I raced for the statue. Because dragons were so attuned to nature, we possessed a considerable amount of control over the elements. I attempted to dispel the lightening, but an explosion knocked me back. I could only watch helplessly as my father’s statue disintegrated.
A voice boomed inside my head. It wasn’t Blackhole’s. 
You see what Necoc Yaotl is capable of, king of the dragons? You see how puny you are compared to me? You will do as I say. You will visit the human world in a human body. And you will interact with other humans. Else I will crush your scared grounds to dust. 
Less than an hour later, I called my advisors.
“My decision is made,” I said. I radiated anger, but that was easy to express. Inwardly, I was angry and more ashamed of myself than I had ever been. “I will be going to the human world in a human body.”
There were immediate cries of protest.
“But my lord, surely you know this is all a trap!” Quillania protested. Her sapphire eyes were deeply distressed. “Humans are so incredibly tiny! You would have to shape-shift into at least three of them without risking harm to yourself. Who knows what our enemies would do to you if they caught you in so vulnerable a state?”
“You cowardly, pathetic excuse for a dragon!” Fangurn roared at her. “Our king is sacrificing himself for our sacred burial grounds, for the honor of our forefathers, our kings, and you dare to presume he values his own safety over Mount Draco!?”
“Do not call me a coward, you sniveling hypocrite,” Quillania sneered. “Did you not say during our last meeting that the dragons bow and scrape to no one? I distinctly heard you say such a thing.”
“ENOUGH!”
My advisors fell silent.
“I am aware of all of the risks to myself, to Mount Draco, and to our people,” I said calmly. “All the same, I will go to the human world in human form. I thank you all for your concern and your loyalty, but my decision is final.”
“My king—”
“There is no other way,” I said sharply. “If there is one thing the dragons cannot survive without, it is the wisdom of our ancestors. They have guided us even in death, and I will say outright that I would not be the king I am if not for them. I will sacrifice my pride and my life for Mount Draco and the wisdom of our fathers.”
When I was alone in my chambers, I stared at the Mirror. I attempted to shift the image to another world, but it seemed to be permanently settled on the human world. There was no choice. I proceeded to transform myself with my father’s words tearing through my mind.
All dragons possessed extraordinary shape-shifting abilities, though we never stopped learning how to hone them to perfection. It was especially difficult when attempting to change into something as tiny as a human.
I should clarify: three humans.
Humans were so small compared to dragons that it would be impossible for me to change into only one. As Quillania had said, three would do at the very minimum. 
When I changed, it was as if I were falling from an extraordinary height. I had to resist the urge to beat my wings. I was not really falling, but falling from a great height was a common phobia all dragons suffered from. I was no different, despite being the dragon king.
The difficult part was dividing my body into three parts while keeping my mind together. For almost a minute, I was nothing more than an amorphous blob. But I focused, and I triumphed.
The first thing I felt was a weakness so hideous, I nearly transformed back. Because my powers needed time to adjust to the new body, it was as if they were completely gone. The sheer physical power I possessed as a dragon was now but a memory. My muscles, sight, and sense of smell were as pathetic as an insect’s. I was an insect compared to my former self. My incredibly thin, fragile skin was somewhat protected by the clothing I wore, but it would cut and bruise so easily. I walked slowly, testing out the body. My other two selves followed suit. I could command them to do whatever I wanted. I could see and hear through their eyes and ears. I could feel everything they felt. They could walk, talk, and behave exactly like me, but my mind was solely contained in only one body. Mighty as we dragons were, any mind could never be in two places at once. It was a natural law as old as time itself. Still, it was useful having other vessels. They glanced around, taking in my chambers, which now seemed horrifically large. The Mirror now seemed as tall as Mount Draco itself. Slowly, I walked forward and passed through the portal.
Perhaps my initial shock at being in a new body was to blame for how unprepared I was for the sensations that followed. My feeble eyes registered trees and a lake that was actually quite beautiful, but my body…my body felt the sun beating down on my frail skin, the cool breeze blowing in my face. It felt. It felt. Oh, how it felt.
Panic rose and I grabbed the rail of a bridge, but that was a mistake. My incredibly sensitive skin registered the wood, hard and stiff, to the point where I gasped. How could a body be so sensitive to touch? Was the absence of scales to blame? My normal dragon skin was very frail, but it was always protected by near-impenetrable scales. That was the way it had to be. Our enemies would have defeated us long ago if not for those scales. Those scales were our lives.
And it seemed now that they were also our sanity. These sensations, the wood beneath my hands, even the clothing I was wearing. I wanted to rip it all off, but that would only fully expose me to the sun and the wind. It would expose me. It would drive me mad. Was this Blackhole’s plan? Was this what his master, Necoc Yaotl, had intended all along? Did they wish to drive me mad? Was this the trap I was now helpless in? By heaven, I could not even focus, I could not have returned to my own body even if I wanted to. I was helpless. Helpless, and terrified.
“Sir? Sir, are you all right?”
The human’s voice brought some semblance of focus. I commanded my other two bodies to run and hide. I knew identical human twins were not unnatural, but three would look far too suspicious. I struggled to regain myself, drawing on the anger I felt at my shameful terror and weakness.
I am the king of all dragons, I told myself. I am not weak, and I will never falter.
A hand touched my arm. I looked up and found myself staring into the concerned eyes of a young female.
“Are you all right?” she asked again.
I took a deep breath before replying in as steady a voice as I could manage.
“I am fine. I just felt unnaturally tired all of a sudden.”
“Maybe, but it was still incredibly cruel of those two other guys to just leave you here.” Her face was very disapproving. “Who were they?”
“That is none of your business,” I said in a harsh voice.
The girl blinked. I expected her to insult me, and even try to harm me. To my shock, she looked…ashamed.
“I’m sorry. You’re right. It’s none of my business. But do you need to go to the hospital? Is there someone I can call for you?”
I stared at her, this time unable to speak due to my incredulity. Why was this human so determined to help a stranger? Did she suspect I had something to offer her in return? I knew what kind of human clothing conveyed wealth and prestige, but I had not chosen such attire, as I wished to blend in.
I studied the girl’s face. For the first time, I noticed she was very beautiful. My human male body noticed her beauty even more so, but I was above such petty desires of the flesh. My mission was to explore the human world so I could appease Blackhole and Necoc Yaotl and, hopefully, discover what they were really up to. Since this was the first human I had ever encountered face-to-face, I decided I would interact with her for a little while. Once I determined what I knew, that this display of selflessness was really a farce, I would dismiss her and proceed to explore some more.
“What do you want?” I asked.
“What?”
“Do not insult my intelligence.” My voice grew cold. “I want to know what it is you are after.”
Her acting skills were something to be admired. Her face was the perfect picture of innocent confusion.
“I…what are you talking about--?”
“You aren’t trying to help me because you merely desire to aide me,” I cut her off. “You want something from me in exchange for your help. Tell me what it is right now.”
“Sir, I don’t want anything from you. All I want to do is help you if you need it.”
“You are lying.” I was beginning to grow very irritated. Did this girl truly believe she was deceiving me? “You want something.”
“I want to help you,” she insisted. “But if you don’t want my help, just say so, and I’ll walk away.”
Inwardly, I smiled. 
“Then walk away. I don’t need or want your help. I want you to leave me alone.”
Against my will, I was impressed by her acting skills. Looking very hurt, confused, and angry, she backed away from me.
“If that’s what you want.”
She walked away. I stood there, confident that she would turn around. That she would call my bluff. Humans would do anything to fulfill their selfish desires. She would come back, and she would make more clever attempts to manipulate me into giving her whatever she wanted.
But she disappeared behind the trees and did not come back, even after I waited several minutes. I was stunned. And I was confused. Very confused.
I hated being confused.
I closed my eyes to channel my powers. Though I was contained in three pathetically weak bodies, I retained all of them. I just needed to channel the proper amount of energy through each body. In a burst of speed, I caught up to the girl. She was still walking, and her face still wore that hurt, confused look.
That look disturbed me more than I cared to admit. But what I wanted most of all was for this confusion to go away. I wanted answers.
I hid my other two bodies and deliberately made a noise. The girl turned around.
“Are you following me?” she asked suspiciously.
“I mean you no harm,” I assured her so she would make no attempt to flee. “Why did you walk away? Why didn’t you try to manipulate me further?”
Her skin went very pale. She marched right up to me and practically stuck her nose in my face.
“I did not try to manipulate you!” she hissed. “I don’t know how the hell you got such an idea, but all I wanted to do was help you. You’ve made it very clear that you don’t want or need my help, so the least you can do is leave me alone.”
She attempted to turn away, but I caught her arm.
“Please,” I said softly. 
I was surprised at my actions. I was even more surprised at my words. But nothing, nothing surprised me more than the truth: this girl wanted nothing from me. Her intentions had been genuine. She had wanted to help me…but why?
“Why did you offer to help me if you did not expect anything in return?”
She was surprised at my question. More surprised than she had any right to be.
“Because you looked like you needed help,” she said. “All I wanted was to help you.”
“Humans are selfish,” I insisted. “They only help one another if they expect something in return.”
Her slender eyebrows rose. “Is that what you believe?”
“It is what I know.”
“But you now know that I didn’t offer to help you because I wanted something in return.”
I hated to admit it, but she was right. Unfortunately, this discovery only enhanced my confusion. How could this girl display true selflessness? Was it possible that she wasn’t human?
“Are you one of those misanthropes?” she asked me.
Deciding to test her again, I nodded.
To my frustration, she merely smiled and shrugged. “Well, I won’t tell you how to live your life or what to believe. Just try to find happiness, okay? That’s all I have to say.”
She started to walk away again, and this time, I did not stop her. But there was one thing I needed to know.
“What is your name?” I called.
She turned her head back. Her smiled seemed to reflect the sun itself.
“Mercedes Strand. What’s yours?”
My lips curled upward slowly.
“You can call me Thomas.”
“Well, you have a great day, Thomas,” she said with deep courtesy. “And remember to find happiness.”
Happiness was irrelevant, of course. But whatever Necoc Yaotl and Blackhole were up to, I realized my time here would not be boring in the slightest.
“Until next time, Mercedes Strand,” I whispered.

***

Mercedes

Wearily, I shucked my backpack onto my bed before kicking my shoes off and starting up my computer. That had definitely been a weird encounter.
“You look troubled, Miss Mercedes,” Lulu, my AI guardian and loyal friend commented. “Has the royal family summoned you, yet?”
“No, and I’m glad, though I should probably be disappointed,” I said.
“Why is that?”
“Because Shadow and I will have to meet with the royal family no matter what. It’s inevitable. And I like to get inevitable things out of the way as quickly as I can.”
“That’s understandable. Is the upcoming meeting troubling you?”
“Nah, I just had a weird encounter with a guy today.”
I relayed all of the details to Lulu, but talking about it didn’t relieve a growing sense of anxiety within me that had nothing to do with the royal family and everything to do with that guy. I pictured him in my mind: tall, young, but mature. Probably early to mid-thirties. Classically good-looking with honey blonde hair, green eyes, and a cleft in his chin. But the way he had looked at me…
“There’s something about him, Lulu,” I said when I finished my tale. “Something that really creeps me out.”
“Do you believe he could be a stalker?”
“I don’t know yet.”
“Well, I wouldn’t be worried, Mercedes. You have the finest security systems on the planet at your disposal, not to mention a five-hundred year old, hot-headed, incredibly protective vampire warrior who is absolutely crazy about you.”
I smiled and touched the mark of my beautiful, haunting love on my neck.
“Maybe I shouldn’t tell him. It could be nothing. And he’s stressed out enough about our meeting with the royal family.”
“But you are worried, Miss Mercedes. Honesty is vital in a relationship. You know that, of course, but I believe your main concern is that Shadow will do something reckless, yes? If this mysterious stranger turns out to be an innocent, you don’t want Shadow to hurt him.”
“No, I don’t,” I said. “But I also have to trust Shadow, too. If I ask him not to take drastic measures, I know he’ll listen to me.”
“That is very debatable if your safety is in question.”
I groaned and rubbed my temples. “Lulu, do you know how much you’re confusing me?”
“All I have done is give you several reasons why you should or should not tell Shadow. In the end, the decision is up to you.”
Yeah, the decision was up to me. I sighed and proceeded to do my homework. Normally, I wouldn’t do homework this early. I would kick back for an hour, read Othello, or Gone With the Wind, plan some math lessons/computer lessons, or re-watch that Holocaust documentary that I loved so much. Unfortunately, I crossed another line with my History teacher, Mr. Price again. I guess he was in a bad mood today since he started firing off questions at me about the Cold War. He almost never did that. His usual tactic was to ask one question from material we would cover in the future, or material we had covered years ago. This time, we covered the Cold War in freshman year. I tried to keep the details to a minimum when I answered his questions, but I couldn’t stop myself from quoting several history books and documentaries. As punishment, he held me after class and assigned me a ten-page essay on the Pharaohs of Egypt. If I couldn’t hand it in on Monday (today was Friday), then he would lower my grade two full letters.
I could have gone to the principal. Mrs. Pena had been an English teacher during my freshman year. I could tell Mrs. her exactly what had happened and she would believe me. I could even tell my parents. But I knew what the consequences would be for Mr. Price. Mrs. Pena would fire him, and Mom would probably send him to work in a sweat shop in Malaysia or something. Either way, I would be rid of him forever, and every student in the school would hail me as a hero.
But, of course, I wouldn’t do that. Mr. Price may be a jerk, but I didn’t have the heart to leave him unemployed or have him banished to a country where it would feel like he was earning a living in hell itself. I was the only student he was so harsh on, and I fought my own battles. I would do the essay and I would hand it in just like he asked. He couldn’t fail me because I always had my “extra” History essays checked by Jonathan Forbes, who was not only a History professor at Harvard and a good friend of mine, but one of Mr. Price’s past teachers. I would email Professor Forbes once I was done, and he would give me a seal of approval. If word got to him that I was failing History, he would find out, and Mr. Price would be in for the lecture of a lifetime. 
I started the essay and actually had a great time doing it. I loved learning about the Pharaohs of ancient Egypt, from the enchantingly beautiful Nefertiti, to the mighty Ramses II. Before I knew it, I was already three quarters of the way through. It was tempting to just get it all done right now, but I wanted to get some gymnastics and Aikido practice in before I had to meet Shadow. More importantly, there were two new women who needed my help. 
Fortunately, it didn’t take much time to help them. Both of them had the same problem: they were trying to divorce their abusive husbands, but said husbands were trying to frame them for theft and vandalism. These men were so egotistical, that they left evidence lying around like confetti. A hacker with a third of my skill could have traced everything with no trouble at all. Dear God, they were as careless as Xavier had been.
I froze at the thought of Xavier. Memories of a horrible ordeal flashed through my mind, but I let them run their course instead of trying to crush them. I wasn’t suffering from PTSD or anything, but I would never forget the pain Xavier had put me through. And what he put me through had been nothing compared to what he put Shadow through.
Shadow…
I halted my movement on the balance beam and glanced at the clock. It was past nine. Shadow always called for me after ten. I had said goodbye to my Aikido instructor three hours ago, so I went through some katas on my own. Finally, I felt my neck grow warm. 
I was unable to stop myself from wearing an enormous smile as I ran to the back door, elation and love coursing through me. When I opened it, I stepped out into the night. I didn’t have time to gasp when a pair of indescribably powerful arms seized me around the waist and pulled me behind a tree. Cold lips were pressed against mine before I could even think.
But I didn’t want to think now. All I wanted was to be consumed by the icy fire that was coursing through me.
When we broke apart, I was panting and feeling very flushed despite the coldness of Shadow’s skin. His hauntingly beautiful features were bathed in darkness, making him look more magnificent than ever. I wanted to trace that long, flawless nose with my fingers, feel the masculine curves of his classic cheekbones. Instead, I allowed myself to be captivated by his eyes. Once black and glittering as volcanic glass, they now glowed a very pale blue. They were the eyes of a merciless predator. At least normally they were. When they met mine, they were still unbelievably intense, but filled a desire and tenderness that was all for me, only for me.
Shadow wasn’t panting, but I heard a familiar growl simmer in the back of his throat.
“I am very glad that I have already fed,” he said in a husky voice that sent a thrill down my spine. “Else I would be tempted to do more than kiss you right now.”
“You can, you know,” I whispered. I pulled my hair back, exposing my jugular vein. “Go on. Take what you want, I give it freely.”
“Little cheater,” he rasped, his desperation evident in the way his grip on me tightened. “You know those words have always been my undoing.”
“Because you know why I say them,” I said. I put my hands on either side of his face. “You know how much I love you.”
Pain and wonder contorted his face at my words. My heart ached whenever he looked at me that way, as if I were a dream. Instead of biting my neck, he pressed our foreheads together and held me close.
“Mercedes…” he whispered my name.
“I love you, Shadow,” I whispered back. “I love you so much.”
His grip on me tightened further, and he kissed me again. Before I knew it, I was in his arms and we were both speeding through the trees. He took me through the portal, and I found myself in vampire society once again. To me, it looked like a cross between a utopia and a dystopia. The buildings were dark and high-tech, but the sky was permanently filled with red and black clouds that blocked out any sunlight. Shadow had told me that those clouds were a vampire invention. In vampire society, no one had to be afraid of ever getting caught by the sun. In a way, it was beautiful, but it also tended to creep me out quite a bit. 
Shadow led me to his apartment. Though we were both now under the protection of the royal family, we were content to keep a low profile. Vampires had a very strict class system that included elites, warriors, and Outcasts. While Shadow was a fully trained Kshatriya or warrior, his class was that of a Harijan, or an Outcast. He had lived a life filled with constant abuse and prejudice, and had always hated himself for wishing for a better life, believing such a dream to be laughable. After defeating Xavier, there was a definite positive change to him, but he still had a long way to go. And I would be there for him every step of way.
He opened the door for me, and I stepped inside. I had been here several times before, but this was the first time I was actually invited in as a guest. It was a strange, but very good feeling.
“The royal family has not yet summoned us,” Shadow said after locking the door. “So for the time being…it is just you and I.”
He turned to gaze at me, and the suggestiveness in his posture and eyes made me flush deeply. I was alone with Shadow in his home, and there was no one to bother us. I never considered myself a “bad girl,” but I found myself both very nervous and very excited at the possibilities. 
A pale marble hand extended toward me and I took it. He led me to a couch in the living area and sat down beside me. Then he kissed me.
“I believe in being a good host,” he whispered close to my lips. “But as far as refreshments goes…”
I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him deeply. “This is all I need.”
He growled in approval and pressed me to him. As we both grew more passionate, he began to lean my body down so I was lying on the couch. Before I knew it, he was on top of me, eyes glowing blue and fangs fully bared. I was panting with nervousness, excitement, and awe at how beautiful he was. 
My dark angel…
I saw the hunger and desire in those predatory eyes, and part of me relished in seeing him this way. It made me feel powerful, the way I affected him. And I loved him so much. The emotions and the connection we could share if we went even further…
My body said yes, but my mind said no. My heart said no also. I loved Shadow more than my own life, but as great as my love was, it wasn’t enough. I needed to know him more. I needed him to know me more.
“Shadow…” I said, and my nervousness and insecurity crept into my voice.
He closed his eyes and bowed his head, not out of shame I could tell. He was trying to calm himself down. Slowly, he pulled himself off me.
“I apologize,” he said at last.
“Please don’t,” I said, taking his hand. “I want to…just not now.”
He opened his eyes and turned to look at me. I could see his lingering hunger, his incredible will power battling for control against his base instincts. But I also saw his love and respect for me.
“Mercedes…” he said in a careful voice. “Are you an innocent?”
I nodded without shame. He had a right to know.
“Then it would be best if we waited.” His hand gripped mine. “I desire you deeply, but I would be content forever simply to have you beside me…to see you gaze at me with such compassion. I need nothing else.”
“But we can have more,” I said. “We do have more. And we’ll go at our own pace. Shadow…” I took a deep breath. “I meant what I said when I wanted to know you. And when I discovered how much I loved you, I realized that I need to know you. As strong as my love is, I barely know who you really are.”
“I understand,” Shadow said seriously. “I feel the same as you do. You need to know me, and I desire to know you.”
“Okay, so…how should we start?”
He brushed his fingers against my cheek. “What do you wish to know about me, my love? Ask me anything.”
I took another deep breath before asking my first question. “Were you human once?”
He gave a slow nod. “I was. All vampires were human once.”
“Who were you? As a human, I mean.”
His face immediately darkened. “I am afraid my past life is hardly different from the life I live today. I do not know the precise year I was born, but I do know it had to have been in the 1530s.”
“Where were you born?” I asked.
“Hungary.”
The blood drained from my face. Shadow was immediately alarmed.
“What is it?”
“I…” I shook my head. “If you were born in the 1530s in Hungary…that was during the wars with the Ottoman Turks.”
He smiled grimly. “So, you know your history.”
“I like history.”
“Then you must know it was not at all a pleasant time to be born in. Especially if you were a peasant.”
“Were you a peasant?”
“I was. My mother came from a very poor family. The periods of starvation and cold they suffered were frequent, yet if they did not obey the whims of the soldiers who fought against the Turks, or more dangerously, the elites, it was inevitable they would lose their lives.”
Nausea settled in the pit of my stomach. I knew how the Hungarian peasants were treated by the nobility in the sixteenth century. The elites could torture, rape, and kill to their hearts content, and no one would turn a hair. In fact, torture, rape, and death were the norm in that time.
“I do not know the true origins of my father, but I do know he was a soldier who fought in the wars. He became infatuated with my mother and often took her away from her family. She always returned, but not without a price. I do not believe he was a sexual sadist, but when she came back, there were always bruises on her arms, and sometimes her face, though he never broke any bones. In such a time, such injuries could permanently maim an individual. Or kill them.”
He paused, letting me take what he just said in, before continuing.
“Nearly all of my earliest memories consist of hunger and cold. I was extremely young, but I knew I was deeply resented by my mother’s family. It would have been effortless to have me cast out to die of exposure. I cannot say I blame them. I was a bastard child born out of a forced, loveless union, and I all did was consume their precious food. I was hated…but I knew my mother cared for me somewhat. I do remember her holding me and gazing at me with both resentment and love. I know she was the reason I did not die.
“When I grew older, my family’s hatred for me reached its pinnacle. My two uncles and one aunt took substantial pleasure in beating me if they ever saw me swallow so much as a piece of candle wax. When I was around six, my grandfather caught me attempting to steal some bread. He tried to cut off my hand with an ax, but my mother arrived in time to stop him. I know they secretly hoped if I received a terrible enough injury, I would die from it. Medicine and doctors were nothing more than fairy tales to a Hungarian peasant.”
I had been struggling not to cry since the beginning, but every word Shadow spoke brought me closer to breaking. He noticed and tenderly touched my face.
“Do you wish me to stop?”
“No,” I said immediately. “No, I need to hear this.”
He nodded, and I saw the admiration in his eyes before he continued.
“Young as I was, I was not cowed by my family’s abuse. Quite the contrary, it honed survival instincts I did not know I had until then. I could not have been more than seven when I began to steal food from other peasants, and I was very careful about it. One mistake would have meant death. Ironically, it was because of the nobles that I managed to steal so much food. When they burst inside a neighbor’s home to beat them or rape them, I would sneak inside and make my escape, sometimes with a full loaf of bread. It was then that my family realized that at long last, I could actually be of some use. It did not earn me any affection, but the beatings became considerably lighter. Secretly, I yearned for their love, but I knew I would never get it. I took a substantial amount of satisfaction in eating my fill after a raid before bringing the rest home, though I paid for it when a family member decided I had not brought enough. The severe beatings only came after I went home empty-handed.
“It continued that way for years. In fact, I became somewhat of a minor legend among the peasants. Of course, they never knew it was a boy stealing their food. When they could not accuse rats, nobles, or soldiers, they accused a mysterious shadow demon for their misfortunes.”
My eyes went wide. “Is that how--?”
“I was never named. As I said, even my own mother deeply resented me. Her love stretched far enough to preserve my life, but I do not believe even she could stand to bestow a true name on a child of misfortune. I was not given a name until I was caught stealing.”
“Caught?”
“As per routine, I waited until a neighbor’s home was raided by another. At first, I thought he was a soldier, or perhaps my arrogance was getting the better of me. Just as I thought I was about to make a clean getaway with a tiny piece of bread, someone grabbed me. Someone with more strength and power than I could have ever dreamed of. I was slammed against a wall, and found myself staring into the eyes of a devil. A devil with corpse-pale skin, glowing blue eyes as feral as a wolf’s, and two pointed fangs dripping with blood. 
“I imagine vampires had been feeding off the peasants for quite some time. It was more than easy to get away with it thanks to the way the nobles treated us. I later learned that this particular vampire had actually been living in the forest beside our village for years.”
“What happened after he grabbed you?” I asked.
Shadow smiled. “I had lived with death since the day I was born, and no small part of me longed for it. I stared into the devil’s eyes and felt relief as his fangs pierced my neck. I did not die, however. I woke up in a cave in the forest in the middle of the night. The demon tossed me some meat scraps before asking me if I was satisfied with my life. I vehemently answered no. He was amused and asked if I was willing to endure my horrible life for several years longer if it meant something greater in the future. I was so surprised, I did not reply. He told me the decision was mine before leaving the cave. I tried to find him, but to no avail.
“I did what he asked. I returned to my miserable life. But as I grew older, stealing became harder. I was caught several times and barely escaped with my life. The need for something more became greater, as did my desire for death. It was then that I decided to enlist in the army. The wages were beyond pitiful and the conditions even more so, but it was better than returning to a family that despised me. 
I was a very good soldier. I killed many Turks, and for a while, I was almost content. The battles were vicious and bloody. I gloried in every kill. Then one day after a small victory, I discovered a large gold coin in the hands of one of the dead soldiers. It was not Hungarian or Turkish, however. Engraved in it was a dragon with scales and feathers. I should have put it away right away, but I too fascinated by it. My fellow soldiers saw me with my treasure. One demanded I hand it over. I answered with my sword and walked away. 
“That night as I sat by a fire staring at the coin, I heard a strange voice whisper to me in the forest. It was compelling and sounded vaguely familiar. I went into the trees, attempting to navigate solely by moonlight. When I reached a small clearing, I realized I had been followed. Ten of my fellow soldiers surrounded me. They wanted my coin, and my life. I fought them. I reveled in every kill, but I lost. Just as I was about to die, something dark sped through the woods and decapitated the remaining soldiers. I was losing blood from many wounds but I recognized the demon I had met as a child over a decade before. I was stunned to see him. I hadn’t forgotten him, but I had become enthralled with the battles to the point where they were all I lived for. The demon smiled at my surprise. He told me he had been watching me the entire time. He was pleased that I had survived for so long. But now I was dying. He told me he could give me my life back. Not only my life, but a life of power, purpose, freedom. Everything I longed for. His promises were more than compelling, and I realized I was not satisfied with dying in the woods because of my greedy comrades. I wanted more. And I believed the demon would give it to me.”
“Did he?” I asked.
“At first, my conversion was everything he had promised. I was a slave to the night, but I possessed power and strength beyond my dreams. My instinct to kill had also amplified a thousand-fold. In the beginning, practically all I knew was bloodlust. I killed so often I do not remember every death. In fact, the only deaths that are perfectly clear in my mind are that of my family.”
I blinked, stunned. “Your family!?” I blurted. “You…you killed them!?”
His gaze averted from mine. “I am a vengeful demon, Mercedes. Though I understand their treatment of me, I never stopped hating them. I wanted them to know what it felt like to be helpless, to be blamed for things they had absolutely no control of. I killed them all, including my mother.”
He stared at me, waiting for my judgment. It did take me several moments to get over my horror, my disgust, but looking into the eyes of my love, I knew I could not hate him.
“I’m still here, Shadow,” I said. I grasped his hand. “I’m not going to pretend that I understand, because I could never hope to. But back then…life wasn’t just a struggle, it was a cesspool, an incessant battle to survive. I hate what your family did to you, and I also hate what you did to them, but I can’t blame any of you.”
He looked away, and I stared at the hand I was holding, giving him a moment’s privacy. 
“I cannot express my gratitude for your forgiveness,” he said in a low voice. “Nor can I express my admiration for forgiving me without condoning me.”
I stroked his hand. “What happened afterward?”
“Vampire society was very divided back then. Before the class system was set into place, there were only two fractions. We often look down on humans for hating each other for petty differences, but vampires hated each other for perhaps the most common and petty thing of all.”
“Religion?” I guessed.
“Religion. The first fraction of vampires worshipped Lord Chaos and Lord Order, also known as the Brothers of Duality. The second fraction worshipped a deity that I am sure a history lover like you will know: the feathered serpent Quetzalcoatl.”
“I do know about him,” I said. “He was worshipped by ancient civilizations like the Aztecs and the Mayans.”
“Yes. While the first fraction hated Quetzalcoatl, all vampires have deep Mesoamerican roots.”
“I know,” I said. “The royal palace is designed as a step pyramid, and the amount of jade and obsidian artifacts the royals decorate it with, not the mention the jewelry they wear…” I smiled bitterly. “To have Mesoamerican roots, yet only respect certain parts of it…”
“Self-righteous hypocrisy is always an inevitable side effect of fanaticism,” Shadow said with equal bitterness. “My maker educated me about our lord, and when I showed him the coin I found before, he took it as a sign, that I was destined to become a vampire. That I was favored by the lord. That I would do great things. I believed him and converted to their religion. But the first fraction was rapidly growing more violent. They feared that if ‘serpent-worshippers’ as they called us grew greater in numbers, we would erase all knowledge of Chaos and Order. They declared war on us over one-hundred years after I was turned. They fought without a shred of honor, and it was the only reason they killed all of our ancients. My maker was among them.”
“I’m so sorry,” I whispered.
He nodded. “They didn’t want us all dead, though. The war left the vampire race dangerously low, and we do not just turn any human. We turn only the strongest. The royal family decided our race could not afford such a loss, so they offered us the opportunity to join them in the society they were building in a separate dimension they discovered. It was a place we could access and return to the mortal world at any time. The sun was forever blocked, and there were only vampires. The only condition was that we had to acknowledge Chaos and Order as our gods.”
“What did you do?”
Shadow grimaced. “We waited for Quetzalcoatl. We had no ancients, and our numbers were pitiful. We would be wiped out if we dared to cross the first fraction. So, we waited and prayed for aid for ten years, but our lord never answered our cries. What is more, the royal family did everything in their power to ensure we would be persuaded to join them. They spread rumors about the identities of supposed vampires, which caused many of my comrades and friends to be hunted. Some were killed. Others were forced into permanent exile. It was a no-win situation. We could either join the first fraction at the price of our religion, or we could live out our immortal lives as filthy, hated, poverty-stricken monsters.
“Needless to say, we chose the former. Nearly all of the second fraction, myself included, grew to resent and hate Quetzalcoatl for abandoning us. We had fought, suffered, and lost countless loved ones all in his name, and he did not help us in our most desperate hour. I renounced my faith in him and joined the first fraction, along with my remaining friends and comrades. We swore oaths to the royal family and the Brothers of Duality, and then we as vampires became a single society.”
“But I’m guessing the royal family failed to mention that although you were a part of vampire society, your place in it would be radically different that the ones in the original first fraction,” I said dryly.
“I could not have put it better myself,” Shadow said. “Vampire society adopted its caste system after the remaining section fraction was indoctrinated, and…well, I believe you can fill in the rest of the details. Over the centuries, the elites made sure to turn as many strong humans as they could. But Untouchables are only allowed to turn ten humans per year.”
“The elites are afraid of an uprising,” I concluded.
“Yes.” Shadow was silent for a while, and I didn’t press him. Eventually, he continued. “I did not feel betrayed after my fellows and I became Untouchables. I was completely unsurprised. But that did not quell my hatred. For centuries, I was subjected to prejudice and abuse, but I never forgot my first century as a vampire. I had friends, and I felt as if for the first time in my life, I belonged somewhere. I longed for that, to experience that freedom again. But the elites ensured I would never know such a life again. I hoped for it, and I despised myself for hoping. I withdrew, becoming bitter and reclusive. I also made no secret for my hatred of elites. I obeyed them, but I also provoked them and paid for it. It was not long before Xavier took an interest in me. I amused him deeply. It was the only reason he let me live for so long. But he would have had killed me eventually. Or my self-hatred would have consumed me to the point where I would take a personal suicide mission.” He looked right at me and tenderly brushed my cheek with his fingers. “But I did not. And I have you to thank for that. You saved me, my love.”
Tears filling my eyes, I gripped his hand and kissed it. “No, my love. You saved yourself. I helped you, but you made the choice to walk into the light.”
Obsidian eyes narrowed, and he took my face in his hands. “You are my light,” he said harshly and kissed me desperately.



*********

Chapter 7

Lies are fed to friends and foes
But guilt breaks not my inner woes
The key must pass to other hands
For war to brew between the lands

Tarasque

My human body, while frail, proved to be highly adaptable. It was not long before I grew used to the sun and the wind on my delicate skin. Therefore, I could explore without fear of the physical sensations driving me mad. 
For a while, I was able to forget that I was being blackmailed into visiting another world. Revolting as humans were on the inside, they were highly fascinating to watch. I would even go so far as to say that they had somewhat redeemable qualities. Mothers looked after their children, and husbands made sure that their mates and offspring were provided for. Extinction was not an option for humans. They would always find a way to survive. They were adapters.
I spoke to several humans, both male and female of all ages. However, I never found such conversations enjoyable. They smiled those strange smiles at me, but they immediately ceased contact when they believed I said something blunt or rude. Humans were emotionally sensitive. It was something I learned during my many years of observing them.
As I walked down a hard, gray street, my thoughts strayed to the human called Mercedes Strand. She was by far the most engaging human I had ever encountered. Also the most confusing. I wanted to see her again. I wanted her to answer my questions. I wanted to know why she was so different from these other humans. In fact, I wondered if she was the reason why I was being blackmailed. After all, she was the first human I came into contact with from the moment I set foot in the human world. Perhaps Necoc Yaotl and Blackhole wished to torment me by confusing me.
The notion enraged me. I detested being toyed with. I was the king of all dragons. Those who dared to see me as an object of entertainment would die a slow and painful death.
My nostrils began to expel smoke, and I had to hide myself, lest humans look at me strangely. After calming myself down, I proceeded to walk again. 
I will destroy you, I silently vowed. I will destroy you for daring to blackmail me. Moreover, I will destroy you for defiling the sacred ground of my ancestors. 
My father.
Disappointed in me as he was, I knew he would not hate me for this. Nothing was more valuable to any self-respecting dragon than the grounds of our ancestors. Not even the most magnificent treasure.
I continued to explore the human world. Truly, it was a very intriguing world. These creatures relied on technology instead of magic, and they did well for themselves. I had several more conversations with humans, but it was far more fascinating to explore the actual world.
However, the same could not be said for Mercedes Strand.
After a few days of exploring, I decided to find her again.

*** 

Mercedes

I let Shadow break our kiss, but didn’t let him go.
“Will you tell me about yourself now?” he asked.
I bit my lip and looked down.
“Mercedes?”
I tried my hardest to ignore a wave of shame as I answered his question.
“I was born to two loving parents,” I began. “Before I was born, my father was a huge star in the business world. He’s invested in a ton of stuff; clean energy, the Internet, jewelry, fashion, you name it. He met my mother when they were only a few years older than me. She was a new fashion designer too, but she was already making a name for herself. They fell in love and got married a couple of years later. Then I was born.” I sighed. “When I was growing up, I was basically living every child’s dream. I had plenty of neighborhood kids to play with, and I never wanted for anything in my life. But as I grew older, I began to realize that not everyone was as fortunate as me. I felt…not guilty, but I had so much more than I would ever need and it seemed wrong to not give back. So, I did. I started working with my father on building charities, but my focus became Women’s Aid. Thanks to my father, that once run-down, starving building is now a haven for abused women. I spend so much time there, but it never feels like volunteer work. Women’s Aid is like a second home to me, and everyone there is family.”
“What of your hacking skills?”
“I mostly use those to help abused women, too. The legal system can be really unfair a lot of times. For example, if a woman is being stalked by her husband, the police need hardcore evidence before they can act. I use my hacking skills to help those women build new lives. I know how to forge identity papers and social security cards, so they can start anew. I don’t harbor any regrets for breaking the law in cases where it’s that unfair.” 
“You truly are amazing, Mercedes,” Shadow said in a low voice. “I saw the home you lived in. I have rarely seen a mortal home so affluent before. You have every material comfort any human could ask for, and yet your altruism protects you from narcissism and greed.”
“That’s the main thing I’m grateful for,” I said. “I don’t want to be…like that.”
“And you never will be,” Shadow said firmly. 
Before I could reply, I heard a low growl emit from the closed door to my left.
“There is no need to be alarmed,” Shadow assured me, looking exasperated and affectionate at the same time. “Forgive me, but a friend of mine has been dying to meet you for a while. May I call him in?”
“Of course,” I said immediately.
“Do not be afraid,” Shadow said. “Come out, Blackhole.”
The door opened, and I gasped, unable to help myself. The creature that emerged was something out of a science fiction/horror movie. It moved on many thin, graceful legs like a spider, and its armor-like black skin gleamed in the faint lights in the apartment. A thick, leathery mouth opened to reveal impossibly long, sharp teeth. But what stunned me the most was that it…whatever it was…it was grinning at me!
“Mercedes, this is Blackhole,” Shadow introduced. “He is an Evanescence. Many generations ago, my people enslaved his kind.”
“Enslaved,” I whispered.
“But Blackhole is not my slave,” Shadow said firmly. “He is my friend, companion, and hunting partner. He stays with me because he chooses to.”
I stared at the Evanescence, Blackhole, who was cautiously approaching me.
Shadow smiled. “He loves to be held and petted, but he is also afraid of frightening you.”
Still nervous, but utterly fascinated, I slowly held out my hand. He eagerly approached it and began to nuzzle it gently. I smiled and held out my arms. He immediately jumped into my lap with an almost dog-like yip and settled comfortably right away. I began to stroke him. His skin was as hard as it looked, but judging by the way he shivered in delight, I knew it had to be quite sensitive.
“He’s…he’s amazing,” I breathed.
The growl that emitted from him held a definite edge of smugness. His leathery mouth nuzzled my hand again.
I like you.
I froze, dumbstruck.
“Mercedes?”
“I…I heard…in my head…”
“He spoke to you in your mind?” Shadow said sharply.
“Yes.” My voice came out barely above a whisper.
Shadow was staring at Blackhole with a mixture of confusion and suspicion.
“Is something wrong?” I asked.
Shadow put a hand on Blackhole’s head and closed his eyes. When he pulled away, he was frowning slightly.
“As far as I knew, you were required to create a mental bond with an Evanescence before you could hear its voice,” he said. “But Blackhole has just informed me that you are an exception.”
“Why is that?” I asked, but directed the question at Blackhole.
Because you are special. You’re not like other humans.
“Mercedes?”
“He…he said I’m special. I’m not like other humans.”
Shadow put his hand on Blackhole’s head again. “I believe you are correct, my friend.”
I was still weirded out, yet I couldn’t stop petting the magnificent creature in my arms.
“He seems very nice now,” I said. “But something tells me those teeth aren’t for eating vegetables.”
“He is extremely dangerous,” Shadow said. “If we ever battled, he could cause me permanent damage even if I emerged the victor. My people call his kind the Evanescence because they are capable of devouring anything and leaving no trace behind. Blackhole alone could eat every atom of your entire home in less than five minutes.”
“Wow,” I whispered.
My hand began to stroke his tail. It had a leathery feel like his mouth and was covered in scales. I peered closer when I saw that said scales looked rather unusual.
“His scales,” I said. “They look like feathers.”
“Perhaps he had a feathered ancestor,” Shadow said with a shrug. “I believe only the royal family possesses the knowledge of the Evanescence’s origins.”
“Blackhole hasn’t told you?”
“He was born into slavery, Mercedes. The Evanescence are immortal, but his ancestors were killed long ago thanks to the vampires.”
Shadow’s voice grew bitter. Almost self-recriminating. Blackhole seemed to notice and gently wrapped the end of his tail around Shadow’s hand.
“He doesn’t blame you,” I said. “He loves you.”
Blackhole barked an agreement and nuzzled me again.
Family.
“What did he say?” Shadow asked when I smiled.
“He said ‘family’.”
And he was right. This was my family. One of my many families.

***

Shadow

My free hand gripped Mercedes’. I glanced at Blackhole nestled comfortably in her arms before staring into her beautiful eyes. For the first time in centuries, I felt a strong, familial sense sweep through me. I was no longer alone. If my torment by the elite’s hands was the price I had to pay to gain this, then every single moment was worth it. More than worth it. If I had to suffer it all a hundred more times, I would gladly do so in order to keep this.
I wanted to kiss her. Blackhole obviously sensed my desire, for he huffed in disappointment, but leaped from Mercedes’ lap and stalked away.
“He likes you.” I told Mercedes.
“He’s very sweet,” she replied.
I kissed her, but when she pulled away, her eyes were troubled.
“Shadow…please don’t take this the wrong way, but…”
“You need not ever worry about offending me,” I assured her. “Ask me whatever you wish.”
Despite my words, she couldn’t meet my eyes. “Shadow…do Chaos and Order…Of course, I don’t mean…”
She trailed off. My lips curled into a smile.
“They exist, Mercedes, I assure you of that. Please do not be embarrassed for asking such a question. Your skepticism is more than understandable. My belief in gods was nonexistent during my years as a human. Europeans were extremely adamant about their Christian faith during such a time. I’m sure you know that is one of the reasons they feared Muslim Turkish rule. But I believed in no god. The only thing I had any faith in was my desire to survive. However, I changed after I became a vampire. My maker taught me meditation techniques if I ever wished to directly speak to Quetzalcoatl.”
“Did you ever hear his voice?” she asked in a hushed whisper.
“I did,” I said. “I believed I was going mad at first. I scoffed at his existence. My maker was somewhat understanding, but he was very firm in wishing for me to believe in something other than myself. I did as he asked, and eventually I spoke to Quetzalcoatl. It was…an indescribable experience.”
I fell silent, lost in memories. Memories I had wanted to abandon ever since realizing our lord abandoned us.  But despite my everlasting anger, I could still feel a sliver of peace listening to his voice, his words…
 “And Chaos and Order?” Mercedes asked after a while.
My mood darkened. “When I and my fellows were indoctrinated into Duality, we knelt at the altar of the brothers. All of us heard Lord Chaos immediately. I will just say speaking to him was a far different experience than speaking to Quetzalcoatl.”
“What about Order?”
“I have never spoken to Order. He is far more secretive than his brother. I would not be surprised if he speaks only to the priests. There are times when I have felt a presence different than Lord Chaos, but Lord Order keeps mostly to himself. Mercedes…” I gripped her other hand. “The priests are now questioning the gods. The royal family believes they may favor you, that it was their interference that enabled you to find Abraham’s true murderer.”
Mercedes paled slightly. “What exactly does that mean for me? As far as the royal family goes?”
“I do not know for certain, but if they discover you are favored by the gods, you can be rest assured they will never harm you or those you care about.”
Unfortunately, my words did not seem to mollify her.
“Shadow, I don’t know what to make of this,” she said with pure honesty. “Of course, this is far better than having Xavier breathing down our necks, but still…”
“I understand,” I assured her. “And I swear to you that I will do everything in my power to protect you, whatever the royal family decides. Whatever the gods themselves decide.”
She touched myself and smiled. “Don’t get in over your head, my love. You know how devastated I would be if something ever happened to you.”
“If something ever happened to you, I would cease to exist,” I said firmly.
“You know I would never want that for you,” she said, pain evident in her voice.
“I can do no other than to speak the truth to you,” I said. “I cannot be without you. Perhaps…with time…but Mercedes, as deep as my respect for you is, you do not know what it is like to have nothing to live for, to feel as though you possess as much substance as the wind. To barely feel any positive emotion. I lived for hatred, Mercedes.”
“And for your dream,” she pointed out softly. “But I know what you mean. I would never judge you, Shadow.” 
She embraced me. I pressed her against me, savoring her warmth, her beautiful smell.
“You have made me whole, Mercedes,” I said fervently. “I cannot go back to emptiness. I cannot.”
“You won’t have to,” she promised. “I will never leave you. Never.”
For what seemed like an eternity, I bathed in the presence of my love. When we pulled away, I could clearly see how tired she was.
“You need rest,” I said softly, brushing her cheek. “Shall I return you home?”
She smiled a knowing smile. “Do you want me to return home?”
On impulse, I looked down at her body and saw that she was wearing rather light garments that seemed ideal for slumber.
“Why you mischievous little minx,” I drawled, and she laughed.
She waited in my bedroom as I bathed. I made sure the water was extra cold. It helped to distract my mind from thoughts that could not be labeled as virtuous. Not that I was ashamed. I loved Mercedes, and I desired for us to share a physical union. But I also acknowledged that now was not the right time. Someday, though. Someday soon.
I put on a pair of trousers and went into the bedroom. Mercedes was on my bed. She stared at me, and her eyes went wide as she took in my state of undress. I felt slightly embarrassed at her reaction. Modesty was irrelevant to me, but the same could not be said for humans. Mercedes was very young and innocent, and we had already agreed we would not take things too far as of yet. I cursed my lack of consideration.
“Forgive me,” I said, attempting to hide my nervousness. “I will put on a shirt—”
“You’d better not.”
Now it was my turn to be surprised. Mercedes blushed at her own boldness, but her resolve could not be more apparent. She desired this form of intimacy. And so did I.
However, I was cautious as I climbed onto the bed. Mercedes’ eyes roamed over me, and I felt yet another wave of nervousness, similar to the one I felt but would never admit to the first time we were together in my bedroom. Her gaze was incredibly intense, as if she were staring straight into my soul. Knowing how battered and scarred my soul was, I felt modesty for the first time in centuries. But I could only cover my body, not my soul. I broke Mercedes’ gaze, and she put a hand on my cheek.
“Shadow…”
I forced myself to look up.
“I love you.”
My love. My miracle. My angel.
I kissed her hard. When I regained myself, we both laid down to sleep. Mercedes curled up against my chest. I pressed her warmth to mine. For several moments, we stroked each other’s hair and back. It was not long before the warmth and comfort of my love lulled me into a deep slumber. 

***

Mercedes

I couldn’t help the visible spring in my step as I walked to school on Monday for the memory of Friday night was still so fresh in my mind. Feeling Shadow next to me while I was sleeping was a completely new indescribable experience. His body felt so cold, yet it was a soothing kind of cold, one that was perfectly compatible with my human heat. I could tell he greatly appreciated my warmth and it made me blush with pleasure. Natalie noticed and so did several servants, and all of them suspected it was a boyfriend. I was incredibly grateful that they didn’t pry or even try to tell me to be extra cautious. They all trusted me as much as they cared for me. They knew I would never choose someone who would take advantage of me.
When Daniel dropped me off at Harvard Lane, I relied on pure instinct to take me to school. My mind was in a realm of perfect love complete with a beautiful god of darkness with eyes of volcanic glass, ebony hair that reflected fiery red highlights, and skin as pale as moonlight over rippling muscles.
“Mercedes Strand.”
I came to an abrupt halt. In front of me was the man I had encountered before. I would recognize that classic, handsome face anywhere with those brilliant emerald eyes.
“Thomas,” I said without thinking.
There was a seriousness about him that I hadn’t seen the last time. He approached me with an inhuman grace that made me think of Shadow. When he stopped in front of me, I began to feel uncomfortable. His distance was barely enough to be considered respectful of my personal space.
“We meet again,” he uttered.
His voice sounded different, too. I could sense power underneath it. Power that I never sensed from any vampire, not even the members of the royal family. 
“Have you been following me?” I asked, trying to keep my anger under control at the thought.
“I have been exploring,” he stated. “But I have not been following you. I simply remembered the area where I first encountered you.”
If he was lying, he was doing a flawless job of it.
“What do you want?” I asked.
He took another step forward. I managed to resist the urge to take another step back.
“I have had many encounters with humans so far. Many conversations. But none of them have told me anything new.”
I really didn’t like the way this guy was talking, and I suddenly wanted to get as far away from him as possible.
“Thomas, I need to go to school. I can’t talk right now. I’m sorry.” I made to go around him, but he grabbed my arm.
“Why are you different?” he demanded.
I struggled. “Let me go!”
He grabbed my other arm. His emerald eyes were burning with anger at my defiance and a determination to get the answers he wanted.
“You will answer me, human!”
“HEY! LET HER GO, NOW!”
Never in my life had I ever been so grateful to hear Sam Kimball’s voice. He was running down the path toward us, and he looked absolutely furious.
“Let her go, you bastard!” he snarled at Thomas. “I’ve already called the cops. They’re on their way.”
This caused Thomas to freeze and then release me. I backed away as quickly as I could. Sam immediately placed his body in front of me and I knew he was glaring at Thomas.
“Get out of here.”
I was amazed. Sam was always such a gentle guy, but now he sounded downright scary.
It’s because he cares for you so much, my inner voice whispered. Yes. I knew how much he cared for me.
Thomas didn’t look the slightest bit impressed or intimidated, but the fact that he backed off showed that he wasn’t at all interested in provoking the wrath of the police.
“This isn’t over, Mercedes,” he said and proceeded to walk away.
Sam looked as if he dearly wanted to chase after him and do something drastic, but I put a hand on his arm.
“Don’t. It’s not worth it,” I pleaded. “He didn’t hurt me.”
Sam clenched his fists until his knuckles popped, but he eventually relaxed. “You’re too compassionate for your own good, Mercedes.”
I glared at him. “Sam, if I thought he truly meant to hurt me, I would have signaled for the police on my comm myself.”
He stared at me incredulously. “He was grabbing you by the arms!”
“But he didn’t want to hurt me. I…” I shook my head. “I can’t explain it. I just trusted my instincts.”
Sam sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Well, if you have your reasons…” he sighed again.
“Come on.” I gently tugged on his arm. “Let’s just go to school.”
I was very grateful that Sam didn’t badger me the rest of the way to Morgana High. The truth was I was deeply unnerved. That man…Thomas spoke as if humans were a different species other than his own. I nearly came to a halt at the realization. Maybe Thomas wasn’t human. He definitely had an exotic quality to him that was different than a vampire’s, but most definitely not human.
It was barely a month ago that I discovered vampires existed, and even less time passed since I fell deeply in love with one. If vampires existed, was it possible other mythical creatures did? I wanted to lie to myself, but I knew what the answer was.
Most definitely. 
I kept an attentive, cheerful outward appearance as classes wore on, but inwardly I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was being watched. If this Thomas guy was stalking me, then I needed to alert someone of authority. For a moment, I considered telling Shadow, but that was only for a last resort. I knew Shadow would run off and rip Thomas’s throat out before I even finished telling him what had happened. As much as Thomas scared me, I definitely didn’t want to see him dead.

***

Shadow

“The royal family hasn’t summoned you yet?” Brandon asked.
“No,” I replied, taking a sip of blood alcohol. I didn’t bother to keep my voice down. The rowdiness of the bar would ensure that we wouldn’t be overheard.
“I don’t know how I should feel about that, to tell you the truth,” Brandon said after a while.
“Neither do I,” I said grimly. “Are the priests continuing to meditate? Has Lord Chaos or Lord Order contacted them? Mercedes’ life depends on their will.”
“I don’t think it’s her life or her welfare that you need to be worried about,” Brandon said. “She’s the reason a priest’s death was avenged. If the Brothers of Duality favor her, then her life as she knows it could be over forever.”
I froze. That had not occurred to me. I had been so worried that the royal family would harm Mercedes if the gods commanded it, but if she were favored, then it was very possible that the royal family would tear her away from her happy human life and force her to live in the vampire world forever.
If possible, the thought enraged me even more than the prospect of Mercedes being hurt or killed. In payment for avenging Abraham, Mercedes asked that Brandon, his lover Morgan, and I would be granted full protection from any sadistic elite who wished to torment us for their own pleasure. But the memories of being treated like a…thing with no dignity to speak of would haunt me for the rest of my life. Even if the royal family saw to it that Mercedes had every comfort imaginable, they would force their way of life on her. They would treat her like a being without free will. Perhaps they would even force her to become a vampire.
That was unthinkable to me. I loved her humanity as much as I loved her. I loved that she could walk in the sun, enjoy the pleasures of youth, and not have her emotions tainted by the terrible hungers and bloodlust that vampires constantly had to battle with. 
“Shadow?”
“They could force her to become a vampire,” I hissed. Saying it out loud only fed the fire in my blood.
Brandon’s eyes widened. Then he nodded grimly. “I wouldn’t put it past them. But you must never provoke them or they’ll never let you see Mercedes again.”
A memory flashed in my mind. Me lying paralyzed and injured on the icy floor of a cell in Xavier’s dungeon. His soldiers dragging Mercedes away to be thrown in the Lazarus Pit where infant Evanescence would devour her. And my greatest torment was not knowing what was truly happening to her after she was taken away. Was Xavier adding his own personal torments? Was she screaming? Was she begging?
“No one will take her from me and live,” I said in a low voice. 
Brandon sighed. “Well, you wouldn’t be you if you didn’t say things like that. But I can see that you’ll keep your temper in check. For Mercedes’ sake.”
I forced myself to calm down. Even though we did not always see eye to eye, Brandon was anything but self-righteous. Morgan, his lover, was gang-raped several weeks ago by Xavier’s henchmen, all because of his connection to me. But instead of seeking direct vengeance, he assisted Mercedes in uploading the incriminating evidence against Xavier on the vampire Internet. In the process, he got his revenge and became inspired to fight against his status as an Untouchable. 
“How is Morgan?” I asked.
“She’s fine. Both of us are keeping a low profile. We may have the royal family’s protection, but the stupidest thing we can do is flaunt it.”
I nodded. The royal family could retract a favor as quickly as they could grant it if they felt the recipient was no longer worthy of it. 
The bar suddenly went silent. A horrible premonition swept over me when I heard my name being called.
“Harijan Shadow.”
I turned around. Sure enough, there were ten soldiers all bearing the insignia of the royal family.
“You have been summoned.”

***

Tarasque

Are you angry, king of the dragons?
I was, and the voice of Necoc Yaotl only deepened my rage.
Why did you not kill that pathetic human child? He dared to cross you. You could have crushed him like an insect.
“Killing a human boy could have caused unnecessary attention,” I insisted. 
Is that the reason why you spared him? Or was it because you knew you would have had to kill that girl along with him?
I didn’t answer.
Does she fascinate you?
I remained silent.
You love the idea of a mystery, Your Majesty. It is one of the reasons why you desired to visit other worlds. You see so much, you hear so much, and yet so many secrets remain. And deep down you know it. You thought you knew what humans are, and one human has just shown you how misplaced your judgments were.
“I care NOTHING for the so-called mysteries of humanity,” I snarled. The rage at being blackmailed and toyed with had fully risen to the surface. “Just tell me what I have to do to ensure you will not destroy the House of my Fathers!”
There was a silence that lasted so long, I feared that I had provoked Necoc Yaotl into doing something that I and my people would regret for all eternity. Instead, a deep chuckle rang through my human ears.
Very well, then. I believe I’ve had my fun. It’s time to get down to real business. That girl. Mercedes Strand. I want you to take her with you.
I was stunned. “Take her with me? To my kingdom?”
Yes.
“Why?”
Ah, my dear king, that would be telling, would it not?
“Why would you--?”
Your Highness, there was now a very dangerous warning in Necoc Yaotl’s tone. You have pushed the boundaries of my patience before, and it has already cost you something very precious. I don’t believe you wish to lose anymore.
I gritted my weak human teeth. “Very well.”
Excellent.

***

Shadow

I knelt on my knees.
“You Majesties.”
“Rise, Harijan Shadow.”
I obeyed. Queen Ariadna, radiant and beautiful in her red robes, approached me. 
“The priests have meditated extensively,” she informed me. “You will hear what they have to say.”
I gave a slow nod. Only in the most dire circumstances was a priest’s message from the gods not uttered from their own lips. Queen Ariadna fluidly stepped aside and once again, I knelt on my knees in front of the three divine messengers that approached me. They moved in such perfect synchronization that I could not blame anyone who thought they all shared a single mind. The man and the woman on either end wore feathered capes so brilliantly colored they shimmered like a river of jewels in the light. In contrast, The man in the middle wore dark robes, but the sheathed blade on his leather belt was visible for all to see. 
As a vampire, I knew that whenever the priests were together, two always wore those brilliant capes and stood on either side of one who wore that sheathed blade on their belt. As a Harijan, I did not know why. 
“Harijan Shadow.” The cold, wise voice of a male priest drew my full attention. “For days we have meditated. For days we have prayed for the Scared Brothers to share their divine wisdom with us. We have questioned them about you and the human child called Mercedes Strand.”
It was a good thing my head was bowed. I could not stop myself from scowling when the priest referred to Mercedes as a child. She was young, but she was a woman, and a wise one at that. 
“Mere hours ago, I received a response from Lord Chaos himself. He ordered me to share his divine words with you personally.”
I did not move a muscle.
“Lord Chaos commands that you and you alone must protect the child at all costs.”
Both dread and relief swept through me in long, drawn-out waves. I knew that Lord Chaos was infamous for giving orders and messages that were straightforward, but the reasons behind them were always incredibly vague or nonexistent. But I would have to dwell on it later.
“I will always do as the gods demand,” I responded.
“That you will,” Queen Ariadna said gravely. “The human is important because Lord Chaos declares it so.” I did not miss the sneer in the queen’s voice when she said ‘human.’ “You will guard her with your life unless Lord Chaos says otherwise.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
I heard a soft rustle as Queen Ariadna took a step closer. 
“Keep in mind, Harijan Shadow, that service to the gods yields great rewards. If you succeed in your task, then you will be granted the rank of Kshatriya.”
Perhaps a month ago, such an opportunity would have given me unrivaled satisfaction. To be granted…to be called by the rank I knew I was…
But that was another life, and another vampire. A vampire who was now dead. For the vampire I was now, only one thing mattered.
My voice was flat and mechanical when I answered.
“I am honored, Your Majesty.”
“Rise.”
I obeyed, and the middle priest addressed me.
“In twelve hours, you will bring the human child before us. It is imperative that we discover if Lord Chaos is willing to speak to her personally.”
Dread returned, but I kept it from showing on my face.
“I hear and obey, Your Grace.”

***

Mercedes

Price was livid when I sent him my essay, and I couldn’t deny his reaction satisfied me. It greatly satisfied Nadine, too. During lunch, she just wouldn’t shut up about it.
“Damn, girl,” she laughed through a mouthful of mashed potatoes. “Just when I think you can’t possibly piss Price off more…”
“He does it to himself,” I said with a sigh. I sighed again when I saw the hopeful and disappointed stares of my surrounding classmates. They always loved it when I took down Price, and several believed they were obligated to buy me lunch afterward. It was sweet and thoughtful of them, but I always politely refused their offers.
“Hey.” Nadine frowned suddenly. “Did you get a tattoo?”
I blinked. “What?”
“On your neck. It looks like a tattoo.”
I froze suddenly realizing that, yes, my neck did in fact feel ever so slightly warm.
“I’ve…I need to go to the restroom,” I mumbled and grabbed my backpack as fast as I could. Nadine called after me, but I ignored her.
I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw that the bathroom was empty except for me. I went over to the mirror, brushed my hair back, and looked at my neck.
There it was: a black X with black and white dragon-like heads filling every space in the large letter. The mark Shadow had carved into my flesh was normally very faint, but always became fully visible whenever he called me.
I touched the mark. The skin there felt warm, but not nearly as warm as the previous times he had called me. 
He wasn’t calling me right now, I realized. He would call me tonight, but this was probably to prepare me that tonight’s meeting would be important.
The royal family. They would summon me tonight.
I leaned against the sink.
“It is really cool.”
I gasped. Nadine was standing behind me, staring at my neck.
“What are you doing here?” I blurted.
“You were acting weird,” she said in a tone that clearly stated she needed no other justification for her actions. “When did you get that tattoo? Hell, I never knew you were even into tattoos!”
I touched my neck, this time self-consciously. Maybe I should start wearing a scarf from now on, but with Nadine, it was already too late.
“I didn’t know either,” I sheepishly lied. “It’s just…I liked the design and I couldn’t resist.”
“That’s some detail.” Dark eyes scrutinized the mark. “And it’s on your neck. It must have hurt like a bitch.”
“It did,” I said, relieved that that at least was the truth. “But I thought it was worth it.”
Unfortunately, Nadine didn’t look satisfied. She was staring at me with a slightly troubled expression.
“You’ve changed, Mercedes. Don’t think Sam and I haven’t noticed.”
“I don’t think that,” I said. 
“What’s going on?”
The quiet, concerned way she asked the question made me want to spill everything to her then and there. But for her sake, I couldn’t. Of course that didn’t mean I didn’t owe her some truth.
“I can’t tell you,” I said painfully. “I wish to God I could, but I can’t.”
“Are you in danger? Just please tell me that.”
“No,” I said, and I made myself believe it. “No, I’m not in any danger.”
“Then how come I had to hear from Sam that some guy was stalking you?”
I stared at my friend, once such a lively, bubbly gossip. Now a very concerned and deadly serious person stood in her place.
“He wasn’t stalking me per se, but…” I shook my head. “He did make me very uncomfortable. I’ll send Officer Trine a message with a description of him just to be on the safe side.”
“Your parents—”
“—would put me under twenty-four hour surveillance if they knew. I wouldn’t be able to stand it. Not to mention it would be a complete overreaction.”
Nadine still didn’t look satisfied, but she eventually sighed in defeat. “If you say so. But if something is really wrong, you know Sam and I are here for you.”
I nodded, feeling my heart clenching in my chest.
Not wanting to draw extra attention to my neck, I pushed up the collar of my jacket to keep the mark hidden from view. I also made a mental note to ask Shadow about the symbolic meaning of it.

***

Tarasque

I watched her as she exited her human school. Mercedes Strand, the current object of my fascination.
She was the reason Necoc Yaotl sent me here. I knew in my soul his intention all along was for me to steal her away from her home. I did not blame her. In fact, I felt a great deal of pity for her. She was just a pawn in this sadistic unknown game Necoc Yaotl was playing. But despite my pity, there was nothing I would not sacrifice to preserve the sacred grounds of my fathers. I would have to take her.
I am sorry, King Tarasque.
Blackhole. I recognized his voice.
“Are you a pawn as well?” I asked calmly.
I cannot answer your questions. But I advise you to do as my master orders.
“I will and only because I have no choice.”
My eyes locked on Mercedes. The sun glinted off her hair. She moved remarkably gracefully for a human. Her expression was troubled, but her gaze was alert. I had unnerved her with my demands and my intrigue. She did not fear me, but she was wary of me. 
Fascinating. So very, very fascinating.
Surprise ripped through me when I realized something: I wanted her. I wanted the human girl named Mercedes Strand. And what I wanted, I always took if the consequences were not fatal to myself or my people. I would have stolen Mercedes even if Necoc Yaotl had never ordered me to in the first place. I wanted to converse with her. I wanted her to tell me what made her so different from the rest of her people. She embodied my shameful desire to have contact with a race from another world.
I did not care. What I wanted, I took. It was the way of the dragons.
A cool breeze blew. The trees surrounding Mercedes swayed in response. Rays of sunlight shone through the branches.
This was a beautiful world, I would admit. But it was not as beautiful as mine. And it was so very, very small.
How will you react, human? I wondered as she walked. What emotions will fill your eyes when you see my world? Will you feel wonder? Terror? How about when you see me in my true form? Will you be terrified?
Mere days ago, I thought I would have known the answers to those questions right away.

***

Blackhole

In quick, spare detail, I informed King Tarasque when and where Mercedes would be tonight. 
Forgive me, Shadow.

***

Mercedes

When school let out, I went straight home. Usually, I would stop off at Women’s Aid for a few hours, but I had some preparations to make before I met Shadow. 
“Lulu, I don’t want to sound like a paranoid delinquent, but I also want to be prepared for anything. I’m updating the letters that need to be opened at the time of my death.”
“Of course, Miss Mercedes.” Lulu said. “Might I ask what you are doing now?”
My fingers paused above the keyboard, and I pursed my lips. “Lulu…” I said slowly as I brushed my hair away from my neck. “Does this mark mean anything to you?”
I allowed Lulu to run her scanners across Shadow’s mark. It was fainter than before, but not as faint as it once was.
“I’m sorry, Miss Mercedes. I’m afraid my databanks possess no information on that mark. How did it come to be on your neck?”
“Shadow. He carved it with his fingernails. He said it would protect me from other vampires feeding on me. It would mean I’m his property…by vampire law.”
“That explains the lack of information in my databanks. I believed vampires to be creatures from human mythology before you met Shadow.”
My finger trailed down my neck. 
“Does the mark trouble you, Miss Mercedes? Do you believe it is a symbol of slavery?”
“I would understand if it is,” I said. “Shadow did everything he could to protect me. I know he wasn’t trying to take away my dignity.”
“I hear an inevitable ‘but’ in your tone, Mercedes.”
“I don’t know why, but…” I got up to look at the mark in one of my room mirrors. “I feel…some kind of bond with this mark.”
“Bond?”
I shook my head. “I’m sorry, Lulu. I can’t be more eloquent than that. It’s just a feeling that I have. All I know is that I need to know the meaning of it. I have to ask Shadow the next time I see him.”
“If he loves you, then he will tell you the truth.”
“I know,” I said. “I have every faith in him. I know he would never lie to me.”
“Except to protect you.”
Instead of replying to Lulu’s comment, I said, “I don’t know how long the royal family will keep me there. It could be days.”
“You have already taken significant steps to ensure your absence will cause no suspicions. If you are gone for more than one night, I will take care of the rest. Count on that.”
“I always will, Lulu.”

***

Shadow

“You have been unusually quiet ever since Mercedes’ visit, my friend,” I remarked to Blackhole as I prepared for my journey to the mortal world. “Is something troubling you?”
Blackhole made a growling noise that sounded relatively neutral, but my suspicions did not lessen. I reached out to touch him, but he shied away.
“What is wrong?” My voice grew sharper as an unnerving thought occurred to me. “Does it have to do with Mercedes?”
Blackhole seemed to hesitate, but eventually approached me. I laid my hand on his head.
I’m worried about your meeting.
I nodded, feeling somewhat relieved. You are not the only one.
You know she will have to do whatever they say.
Yes.
It could cost her something she treasures dearly.
I fought against a terrible tightness in my throat.
Yes.
But I have faith in her. As I said, she is a player of destiny.
I opened my eyes to examine my Evanescence friend.
“I take it you still cannot inform me what that means?”
No. I can only ask for your trust.
“And you shall have it,” I replied before standing up. “I must go now.”
I felt Blackhole’s eyes on me as I left my apartment. Ever since Xavier’s defeat, I had grown increasingly curious regarding the origins of the Evanescence. As an Untouchable, there was no way I could question the royal family and live to tell the tale. But perhaps if I gained the official rank of Kshatriya…
I made the routine journey to Mercedes’ dwelling. My heart swelled as it always did when I saw her waiting for me. In seconds, she was in my arms.
“It’s the royal family, isn’t it?”
“Inevitable as it was, I wish it were not so,” I whispered, holding her tightly. By the gods, I loved this woman. I would never forgive myself if anything happened to her. “Mercedes…we still have an hour before the meeting. Do you wish…?”
She kissed me. “I course I do.”
I brought her to the majestic oak tree, which we both saw as a sacred symbol for our love. When I set Mercedes on her feet, she immediately kissed me again. I made it last as long as I dared before my courage left me. Mercedes deserved to know what the royal family could do to her, what Lord Chaos demanded of me. I knew I risked her hatred, but my self-respect and my love for her would demand nothing less.
“Mercedes,” I said slowly when the kiss ended. “There are some things you must know before we go to the royal family.”
She nodded. I could see both resolve and resignation in her eyes. She was bracing herself for everything and expecting nothing at the same time.
“The priests informed me that Lord Chaos wishes me to protect you with my life. Grateful as I am that those are his orders, I do not know if they will change in the future.” Now I was struggling to keep my voice calm. “You will be brought before the priests. I have little doubt that you will be involved in a religious ritual. You will not be harmed, but the priests wish to know if Lord Chaos is willing to speak to you directly.”
Mercedes paled slightly. “Speak to me directly…?”
“Mercedes.” I gripped her shoulders. “I know how unusual and frightening such a notion must be for you, but you must do everything the priests say. If you are accused of blasphemy, you will share the fate of Xavier. And I promise you, there is no worse fate.”
She broke my gaze. I could feel her trembling in my arms, and I cursed myself. I was letting my fear for her getting the better of me, and it was affecting her. Mercedes was the bravest individual I had ever met in my life, but what she was fated to face was utterly alien and indescribably terrifying. Strong as she was, she needed me to be strong for her as well. And right now I was failing her.
Before I could even think of how to rectify my error, Mercedes looked up and took my face in her hands.
“I’m scared,” she confessed. “I would be insane if I wasn’t, but I can’t let it get the better of me. And you can’t let it get the better of you.”
Shamed beyond comprehension, I pressed my forehead to hers, unable to speak.
I will never deserve you, angel of the light.
“Move away from her, human.”
In a flash, Mercedes was yanked behind me and I was baring my fangs at a tall, human male with blonde hair, green eyes, and a grim expression that quickly changed to surprise.
“Well, I stand corrected,” he said as his gaze flickered to my fangs. “Not human, after all.”
“I am seconds away from tearing your throat out,” I seethed. “You will tell me who you are.”
“Thomas?” Mercedes exclaimed. She was peering around my back at the intruder, her eyes wide with incredulity.
The grimness in the man’s face returned. “Hello, Mercedes.”
I did not ask if this man was a friend or relative of Mercedes. The wariness that bordered on fear in the eyes of my love was answer enough.
“Thomas I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing, but you need to get out of here. Now!”
“I would do as she says,” I whispered. “Leave now, and I will spare you.”
“Fascinating,” the man…Thomas said. “The Mirror has never shown me creatures like you in this world. I almost want to stay and ask questions, but now is not the time. Mercedes.” He held out a hand. “Come to me. If you want your lover to live.”
I laughed. Then I lunged, ignoring Mercedes’ shout. But before my fangs could make contact with the fool’s jugular, he grabbed me by the throat.
“Even more fascinating,” he said almost casually. “You possess the instincts of a beast, but are as capable of affection as any intelligent sentient creature. Now I am deeply curious as to why the Mirror hid your kind from my eyes.”
I could not remember being more incredulous than this. This was no human. His strength and speed could easily match the oldest vampire in existence!
“But as I said, I have more pressing matters to attend to right now. I will satiate my curiosity later.”
He threw me to the ground like a rag doll. I was dazed for only a moment. When I saw him walking toward the terrified form of Mercedes, I growled and tried to lunge again, but something grabbed my arms. No. Someone grabbed my arms. Two someones grabbed my arms.
Two Thomas’s grabbed my arms.
“What--?”
I did not know what they were. The moonlight reflected off their blank eyes. I would not have been surprised if they were zombies, but I did not care. Mercedes was in danger.
“Capable of affection and honor,” the Thomas in front of me mused. “I admire you, but everything has consequences. Even just actions.”
One of the copies wrapped a hand around my throat. Before I could feel the terrible pressure…
“STOP! Please, don’t hurt him! I’ll go with you, just please leave him alone!”
Thomas’s golden brow rose at Mercedes. “Do you give your word?”
“Yes,” she said frantically. “I’ll do whatever you want. Just let him go.”
“No,” I croaked, terror coursing through me when Thomas smiled.
“Very well.”
“NO!”
I could only struggle helplessly as Mercedes cautiously moved toward the creature who called himself Thomas. In that moment, I was in Xavier’s cell all over again, paralyzed by garlic and terrible injuries, unable to help the woman I loved as she was dragged away to be devoured by infant Evanescence. Now she was to be taken away again, and I did not know where or for what purpose.
“Shadow, it’s okay,” Mercedes whispered. Her eyes were filled with tears and her voice was filled with love and comfort. “It will be all right. Remember what I told you before. It will be all right. I promise.”
“You have no business making promises you cannot keep,” Thomas said coldly. 
Mercedes ignored him. Her eyes never left mine, willing me to believe, to never give up.
“Shadow, I love—”
A green flash blinded me. When my vision cleared, they were gone. Thomas and his copies. Mercedes.
Mercedes.
Again and again I howled her name, foolishly hoping that this would turn out to be a horrible nightmare. But I had been living a nightmare practically my entire life. Mercedes had ended that. Now, once again, she was gone.
Stolen from me.
I needed to vent my fury on something, anything, so I opted for the magnificent oak tree in front of me. I tore away at the ancient trunk with my fangs and claws until my gums and fingers bled. It was all for naught. My rage was not satiated. Eventually I fell to my knees in despair. 
My angel. I’ve failed you. I’ve failed you. I’ve failed you.
Remember what I told you.
I gripped the bark, a snarl welling up in my throat.
It will be all right.
Slowly, I rose to my feet and stared at the damage I had done to the tree where Mercedes and I declared that we would fight against anything who tried to tear us apart. 
Small scratches to this ancient, powerful tree. Nothing more.
Outside forces will try to tear us apart, and how we respond will define the strength of our love.
And who we really are.
How we respond…
Mercedes had been stolen from me by a powerful, unknown creature. I did not know where he took her, or what he would do to her. But I knew exactly how I would respond.

***

Mercedes

Constantly travelling through portals with Shadow enabled me to build up a natural resistance to the side effects. When I opened my eyes, neither dizziness nor nausea was present to hinder my anger. I pushed myself away from Thomas and backed away several steps.
“If you run, you will only earn my annoyance,” he informed me coolly. His back was to me and his hands were feeling the air for…something. “There is nowhere you can go where I will not find you. In fact…”
His two copies grabbed me in the same manner they had grabbed Shadow, though they were considerably more gentle. I relaxed in their grip. Angry as I was, my goal was to make sure that Shadow was safe and unharmed. If I broke my word to Thomas, I knew he would go back and kill my love without a second thought. There was nothing I could do to help myself without risking his life. For the time being, I merely watched Thomas as his hands continued to probe the air all the while keeping every single one of my senses on red alert for anything. Finally, he lowered his hands with a pleased look on his face. The two copies began to pull me forward. I didn’t resist.
“Time to return home,” Thomas said. The two copies released me, but Thomas took my arm. “No questions, human?”
In truth, it took a great effort not to ask the thousands of questions racing through my mind, but my anger and my determination to seize what control of my situation I had enabled me to keep quiet.
“No tears either,” he continued, scrutinizing me. “Save for when I threatened the one you love. What is he?”
I just glared at him. His lips pursed.
“You will answer me soon enough. And you will have your own questions answered as well. I now suggest you brace yourself.”
Out of his pocket, he retracted what looked to be a black crystal-like object. He held it up to the sky and murmured something in a language I didn’t recognize. Just as the crystal began to glow, Thomas made a slashing movement with it that was eerily similar to the way Shadow made portals with that Chaos wand of his. I wasn’t surprised when the fabric of reality in front of me shifted to form a black, gaping hole.
I did as Thomas suggested and braced myself. Unfortunately, nothing could calm my thundering heart.
I’m sorry, Shadow. I’m sorry everyone.
I closed my eyes and stepped through the portal. 
Of all the things that could ever greet me after I was kidnapped and blackmailed by an extraordinarily powerful creature, and exiting a portal created by said extraordinarily powerful creature…I never expected it would be the sight and smell of gold and jewels.
The room…I couldn’t even begin to imagine its size. It could have easily contained an entire city, and a large one at that. Pillars the size of the Empire State Building held up a ceiling that seemed as far away as the sky itself. And practically every square inch of the polished floor of this room was a treasure horde that was as magnificent as it was gargantuan. Gold, silver, jewels of every color in existence, suits of armor, weapons, statues…
“What do you think?”
Thomas’s voice broke the spell. Embarrassed that I had been gaping, I schooled my features into a neutral expression.
“It’s beautiful,” I said coolly.
Eyes that could rival the priceless emeralds surrounding me narrowed. “That is all you have to say?”
I nodded curtly. “Yes.”
He looked even more displeased at my answer. “Do you have any idea who I am?”
“No,” I said. “But I have a very strong feeling that your name is not Thomas.”
“That would be correct.” He moved close to me, enough so that he was dangerously close to invading my personal space. “I am Tarasque, king of the dragons. And you are now a prisoner in my kingdom. But if you prove yourself to be respectful and obedient, you will be considered a guest. Is that clear?”
My throat had gone dry. I had only fully registered his first sentence.
“The dragons…” I whispered.
“This is not my true form. I can tell you are already deeply curious about my true physical appearance.” He smiled without humor. “Be careful what you wish for.”
His hand covered my mouth, and I knew no more.

***

Tarasque

Several hours later, I was surrounded by my advisors, and deeply relieved to be back in my normal form.
“Your Highness, what has become of the human girl?” Yuthora asked.
“She has needs no dragon could provide her, not even the king,” I replied. “Therefore, I decided to entrust her to those who would understand her needs. The ones who exchange magical knowledge with us.”
“The sirens? Forgive me, Your Highness, but there are still plenty of physiological differences between the sirens and the humans.”
“But there are enough similarities. My friends…” I pierced them all with my gaze. “When I took the girl, she was with a creature. A creature that greatly resembled a human, but possessed speed and strength that far surpasses any human.” My voice grew grim. “The existence of such a species would not disturb me in the slightest, but I have watched the human world for thousands of years, and the Mirror never showed these creatures to me. It is true that the Mirror gives and withholds on its own accord, but I find it highly suspicious that it would show me one species and not another from the same world. When it chooses to withhold information, it is always when I am searching for treasure…or power.”
A grim silence settled over my council.
“Your Majesty, perhaps you should send a group of warriors to investigate this species,” Quillania suggested. “Perhaps they possess treasure that we can take.” 
 “Perhaps this Lord Necoc Yaotl hid them from you?” Loklair offered his input. 
“That would not surprise me,” I said. “I will question the human girl about this species, and then I will send a few of my warriors to investigate. This mystery will be solved.”
When I returned to the treasure room, my vastly superior senses were able to locate the area where I had last left the girl. Her unconscious body was lying on a rug woven with gold and rubies. Her chest slowly rose and fell, indicating a deep slumber. Her face was peaceful, untroubled. 
Before I could wrap the end of my tail around the tiny body, the Mirror’s blank surface suddenly filled with steel gray smoke.
Well done, King Tarasque. 
I remained silent, fearful that my rage would overcome me.
Oh, come now, speak your mind.
Fire broiled in my belly in response to that cheerful, almost comforting tone. Control. I could not risk the sacred grounds. Could not risk this sadistic monster defiling the House of my Fathers…
You hate me. That is understandable. But you needed to know my power, as well as the consequences for your failure to act, and I am not referring to the safety of your sacred grounds.
Confusion coupled with my anger. “What are you talking about?”
Look closely at your Mirror, lord of the dragons. Look closely, and tell me what you see.
With several misgivings, I obeyed. The thick smoke swirled and writhed like dancers who were experiencing an indescribable agony.
“How could you possess such control over the Mirror?” I asked before I could stop myself. “It shifts at your will. You shattered it and then rebuilt it within seconds! What are you that the Mirror would bow to your will so?”
I’m quite surprised that you haven’t figured it out yet.
I am the Mirror, King Tarasque.
My blood, running like liquid fire through my veins, suddenly went cold.
I should be more specific, perhaps. The Mirror is a part of me. It was I who bestowed it as a gift to the first dragon king, though I led him to believe he had simply stumbled upon it. Since then it has served every dragon king who ever lived, both as a seeker and as a weapon. Four-hundred years ago, it served me well as a weapon against my brother.
“Your brother?”
Yes. The smoke shifted briefly into a bizarre form. I received the vague impression of a creature that appeared to be a cross between a dragon, a sea serpent, and a phoenix before the smoke became amorphous again. My wretched brother who almost succeeded in stealing my children from me. As punishment, I stole and twisted his own children before eventually defeating him. For four-hundred years, he has remained in exile, hiding in shame. Unfortunately, he does not have the good grace to remain in exile. I can sense that he is returning. If he does, he will not hesitate to manipulate my children once again. This time into destroying the dragons. I wish to prevent that. 
“You speak lies!” I hissed. “If you possessed any good intentions toward my people, you would have told me this from the beginning. And you would have never defiled the sacred grounds of my ancestors!”
I will never apologize for what I am, Your Majesty. My will prevails through conflict and negativity. The smoke in the Mirror shifted, this time taking the form of a dark, feline face with terrible fangs. My brother will NOT take my children from me again! the image roared. I will destroy him forever, but first I must break him by forcing him to watch his children die…by the hands of the dragons. You will destroy my brother’s children, King Tarasque.
“And why,” I said in a whisper trembling with anger, “would I do such a thing? Does your former threat remain? Will you destroy everything I hold dear if I do not?”
Quite the contrary, you will be rewarded. Defeat them, and whatever treasure they possess is yours for the taking. Also, as token of my goodwill, I have restored the statue of your father, King Tarasque. Your precious grounds will come to no further harm if you obey me.
For a long moment, I remained silent.
What is your answer?
“I do not trust you,” I said flatly. “But I know what you are capable of. I will speak to my advisors, and then I will have my warriors investigate and study your brother’s children. Are you willing to tell me where they are?”
You already know, Your Majesty. You encountered one mere hours ago.
An image of glistening fangs and predatory blue eyes flashed in my mind, and realization dawned on me, but also confusion.
“What of the human girl? Why did you demand that I take her?”
She is a key that will ensure dragon victory in the upcoming conflict. For now, all I will say is use her wisely.



*********

Chapter 8

Desires of the mind and body
Can quell delusions of the haughty
A mirror image even more
Witnessed by a mournful roar

Brandon

It was a pleasure to watch Morgan feed. I found the ecstasy that radiated from her when her fangs pierced a human’s neck to be almost as compelling as the one she experienced when I took her in my arms. 
“Enjoying the show?” she purred.
The middle-aged woman she was feeding from was perfectly compliant, but when Morgan deepened her bite, I frowned in disapproval.
“You don’t have to be that rough.”
Morgan merely stuck her tongue out at me before proceeding to take her fill. I sighed and made no further comment. When she finished, she effortlessly lifted the weakened human up with one arm before proceeding to go outside with a Chaos wand in tow. Barely two minutes passed when I found myself tackled to the floor.
“Mmm,” Morgan moaned against my mouth. “This is the life, dear love. No miserable, sadistic elites barging down our doors, no interruptions, just you and me and peaceful, peaceful quiet—”
A rapping at my door. Morgan snarled. I smiled.
“You tell me I jinxed it and I’ll kill you,” she hissed.
I nipped her ear. “No you won’t,” I said, but got up to answer the door right away, not wanting to push my luck.
To my relief, it wasn’t an elite or a soldier from the royal family. To my dismay, it was Shadow. A very enraged Shadow with grief-stricken eyes.
“Brandon. It’s Mercedes. Something took her. I came to warn you before I—”
It was unorthodox of me to grab someone’s arm and pull them inside my home, but these were special circumstances.
“Damn it, can’t we EVER get a moment of peace before--!”
“Morgan, shut up!” I shouted. She did, and I suspected it was mostly out of surprise. I almost never shouted.
“Brandon.” Shadow’s urgent voice drew my full attention. “You must listen to me. A powerful creature stole Mercedes. He appeared human, but he defeated me with the ease of a royal against a youngling. I do not know where he took her, but I know he is not of the human or vampire world. I must inform the royal family if I ever hope to find her, but the priests informed me Lord Chaos himself demands I keep Mercedes safe. When they find out I have failed…they will most likely kill me.”
For a long moment, I just stared, digesting what I had just been told.
“I believe you, my friend,” I said. “But I must confess I’m stunned you did not attempt a harebrained rescue mission right away.”
“I nearly did,” Shadow said grimly. “But Mercedes does not have time for my stupidity. As I said, that…that thing took her to a separate dimension. The Chaos wand I possess permits travel through only the human and vampire world. Only the royal family could hope to know who this creature is and where he is located.”
“Wow,” Morgan said dryly. “Someone stake me.”
“I am perfectly capable of reason when it concerns the person I care for most in the universe,” Shadow snarled at her.
“I know that better than anyone,” I said. I went to retrieve my weapons. “If you’re going to the royal family, I’m going with you.”
“What?” Morgan exclaimed, outraged.
“Brandon, you cannot. They are my only hope for finding Mercedes, but there is a strong possibility they will kill me for failing Lord Chaos. They could kill you, too.”
“Stake me again,” Morgan grumbled. Her voice sharpened when she addressed me. “Brandon, he’s right. This is none of our business. If he wants to risk his life for his mortal beloved, then let him.”
I looked at her coldly. “Are you forgetting, my dear, that the only reason we have had more peace in a few days than we’ve had throughout our entire centuries of life is because of Mercedes Strand? The royals could have offered her more wealth and power than she could have dreamed of. They could have made her a goddess among humans, and you know what she asked for instead.”
Morgan’s jaw was set stubbornly, but she at least had the grace to appear abashed.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can,” I said. “In the meantime—”
Morgan jumped to her feet and disappeared into another room. A second later, her head poked out of the doorway.
“You’d better not leave without me.”

***

Mercedes

When I awoke, I felt so groggy I knew I couldn’t delude myself even for a moment that everything had been a dream. I never felt this way upon waking up from regular sleep. In fact, I felt much the same way I had after Xavier nearly drained me of blood.
But Xavier was dead. I had a new enemy now.
Rubbing my eyes, I sat up and took in my surroundings. They were surprising to say the least. I had expected to be thrown into a wet, cold dungeon that was specifically designed to slowly eat away at my humanity, but this room was anything but a dungeon. In fact, I believed that not even the most expensive, luxurious hotel on planet Earth could compare to this. I knew because I had been to practically every luxury hotel there was. Everything seemed to be made from pale gold, from the soft blankets covering me to the shimmering pillars that held the ceiling up. Despite these wonderful surroundings, I pushed the blankets away and got out of the bed. My uneasiness increased when I saw that someone had replaced my old clothes with a long, golden dress that was so light and soft it put the finest silk to shame.
I didn’t care. In fact, I was very angry and embarrassed that someone had removed my clothes while I was unconscious. I looked around ignoring what appeared to be a large bathing area and a vanity mirror. I wanted my old clothes. More than that, I wanted to know where I was and why. Thomas had brought me here. That much I did know.
No. I knew more than that. I knew that I had been correct. Thomas was most definitely not human. He was…
The enormous, golden doors swung open. Though I braced myself for an attack, I was still overcome with awe at the sight of the alien creature before me. The torso was that of a beautiful woman with tanned skin, light bronze hair, and deep brown eyes. A golden bra-like garment was all that was needed to protect her modesty since her lower body was covered in feathers that were only a shade darker than her hair. Wicked eagle talons took the place of delicate human feet. Her forearms too were covered in the same bird-like scales, and I would have been greatly surprised if her curved, pointed fingertips could not shred living flesh as easily as her talons could. But what completed her exotic anatomy was a pair of angelic, but powerful feathered wings on her back.
I knew what she was. And I blurted it without thinking.
“Siren…”
Dark lips curved in a gentle smile. “So, you know of my kind.”
I blinked, stunned that she spoke perfect English. “How can you speak my language?”
“I’m not,” she replied. “A translator spell merely gives you the impression that I am. I am as ignorant of your language as you are of mine.”
She walked toward me. Her talons whispered across the polished floor. “My name is Eulathrin. You already know I am a siren. But I find myself deeply curious as to what you are. King Tarasque merely asked me to watch over you.”
Tarasque. King of the dragons. 
Thomas.
“You are wary and afraid,” Eulathrin observed. I saw something akin to concern in her dark eyes. “Why?”
My heart was pounding with fear and anxiety. I wanted to cry, scream, and demand answers at the same time. But I had to remain in control. If I ever hoped to escape, I could not provoke my captors. I needed to be calm and collected. I also had to be honest. I could sense that Eulathrin was as intelligent as she was beautiful. She would know if I was lying thanks to my erratic emotions. I stood up as straight as I could and spoke in a quiet, respectful voice.
“King Tarasque took me from my home. I don’t know why.” 
“Perhaps not, but you should take comfort in the fact that he has no desire to harm you,” Eulathrin said. “He informed me that you are to be well taken care of during your stay here.”
“Is there any chance you know how long that stay will last?”
Her lips curled into that enigmatic smile. “You mean you wish to know the probability that he will let you go? I honestly don’t know. The dragon king is a highly honorable creature, but he is also ruthless to his enemies and highly possessive. If you discover that he genuinely desires you, I would abandon all hope of returning home.”
The image of a pair of emerald eyes flashed through my mind. Emerald eyes that stared at me with intrigue, frustration…and want.
Only my pride prevented me from falling to my knees in despair.

***

Tarasque 

I did not speak to my advisors regarding Necoc Yaotl’s proposition. Much as I valued their wisdom and insight, I knew I would only provoke a verbal brawl that would inevitably be reduced to physical blows. What I needed right now was the guidance of my ancestors. Most of all, I needed to know if Necoc Yaotl was sincere about his promise to restore my father’s statue.
Upon entering Mt. Draco, I saw that he was. 
I stared at my father’s face. Perfect. Undamaged. But if Necoc Yaotl expected to gain even a shred of my trust, he would be sorely mistaken. In fact, I would possess a very low opinion of the self-proclaimed god’s intelligence if my father’s statue hadn’t been restored. No matter. I could speak to my father. I could ask his guidance. But I would have to make certain I asked questions that did not reveal any form of personal weakness. Necoc Yaotl would be sure to take full advantage of it if he decided to eavesdrop.
My son.
Father. 
A grave disturbance prevented me from contacting the realm of the living.
Yes, my lord. A powerful presence has made itself known. It could be a deadly enemy for the dragons. I will fight with everything I have if this proves to be so.
As you must, my father uttered.
Father, I must question you regarding the Mirror. I must know its true origins.
There was a long silence.
The Mirror was discovered by the first dragon king, and has served and obeyed every dragon king since then. Its true origins are irrelevant.
Father—
Enough about the Mirror. Just be grateful that you are a worthy enough king for it to serve you.
Worthy enough king…
Forcing down anger and humiliation, I spoke in as calm a voice as I could manage. The powerful presence I mentioned before has threatened to destroy the sacred burial grounds if I do not assist him in annihilating his brother’s children. 
You will do whatever it takes to preserve these grounds. Whatever it takes. Do you understand me?
Yes, my lord.

***

Shadow

On the way to the royal palace, I told Brandon every detail I could remember about Mercedes’ kidnapping and kidnapper. It was not difficult. I remembered every detail, down to the last wrinkle around the smug bastard’s smile. 
“He could be a threat to all vampires,” I said. “That’s why I had to make sure to warn you. You would be unprepared if the royal family killed me.”
“They won’t kill any of us,” Brandon said with such certainty that it nearly erased all my doubts. “If this creature is a threat to vampires, the royal family will need all the information it can get, and you’re the only witness.”
I bared my teeth. “Not the only witness.”
“Don’t sulk, killer,” Morgan said. She too showed her fangs, but in a grin instead of a grimace. “You’ll get your mortal beloved back. And that bastard’s head on a pike along with her.”
I spared Morgan a glance, but did not reply. Her comment caused my mind to become overwhelmed with the fantasy of ripping the throat out of the creature who had dared to touch my love, to steal her away from me. Hatred and love coursed through my soul, and I knew that if the royal family ordered my death, I would use every skill, every weapon at my disposal to escape and find Mercedes. I would get both my love and my vengeance at any cost. 
We arrived at the palace. The guards escorted us to the royal’s chambers. King Yuan was present, as was Queen Ariadna and Queen Radella. I recognized the three priests to their right. Before any of us could kneel, King Yuan’s eyes narrowed at me.
“You are late and the human is not with you. For your own sake, Harijan Shadow, I pray to Lord Order that you have a very, very good explanation for your disobedience.”
I did not dwell on the irony of possessing a very, very good explanation for disobeying a royal’s orders and regretting said explanation more than anything. Instead, I told my tale. It was followed by an unreadable silence.
“I believe, Your Majesties, that the main question before us right now is should we trust Harijan Shadow,” one of the priests murmured. 
“I know what I saw, Your Grace,” I hissed, ignoring a warning glare from Brandon. “I know what I experienced. That creature defeated me like I was nothing.”
“You are nothing, Harijan,” the other male priest said in a gleeful voice that stoked the fires of my rage.
“Your Majesties, I was not a witness, but if there is a slight possibility that a threat against the vampires exists—”
“Be silent, Harijan Brandon,” King Yuan ordered. “We know what we must do if this threat exists. The priests will meditate, and we will watch for this new enemy.” Icy brown eyes bore into mine. “You have failed Lord Chaos, Harijan Shadow. What have you to say for yourself?”
“Mercedes still lives,” I declared. “I know she does. And I will find her.”
“If your incompetence does not get the better of you,” Queen Radella said coldly. 
I stayed silent, knowing if I said what was on my mind, the royal would order me killed right then and there.
“We shall investigate this immediately.” King Yuan said. “Harijans Shadow, Brandon, and Morgan, you will inform us if you should find anything. Understood?”
Brandon and Morgan murmured, “Yes, Your Majesty.” It took me a moment to contain my anger. I wanted to demand to be included in the royal’s investigation, but that would be pushing my luck. Because Mercedes was important to Lord Chaos, I could at least trust in the fact that they would do everything in their power to find her, and punish the one who dared to defy the will of the gods.
“Will you be all right, Shadow?” Brandon asked after we were dismissed.
I waved my hand at him. “My welfare is irrelevant. We must find Mercedes. That is all that matters.”
Morgan looked as if she wanted to argue with that statement, but she wisely held her tongue. 
“Where was Mercedes taken?” Brandon asked.
“I can take you there right now.”
“Good. Morgan and I will look around the area. In the meantime, I think you should start questioning Mercedes’ friends and family.”
I frowned at him. “Why?”
“If that creature can take human form, then he can interact with humans without arousing suspicion. And you said Mercedes called him by a human name. I think the odds are very strong that he interacted with her before kidnapping her.”
I stopped in my tracks and glared furiously at Brandon. “You mean you believe she would have confided in her friends and family but not me?”
Brandon smiled. “Don’t take this the wrong way Shadow, but you’re not exactly the most stable of creatures. Perhaps Mercedes was afraid you would act rashly if you found out she was interacting with another man who was not a family member.”
I nearly snarled at him. But that was because he was correct. 
“But you’re right. Our focus is to find her,” Brandon continued. “Just show us where she was taken. And Shadow?”
“Yes?”
“Be very gentle with her friends. You will find that humans will give quite coherent answers if they are not terrified out of their minds.”

***

Mercedes

Despite my knowledge of Greek mythology, I quickly discovered that real-life sirens were somewhat different from the ones in the stories. For one thing, when I asked Eulathrin if she ever heard of a human man named Odysseus, she made it quite clear that I was the only human she had ever interacted with thus far, and there was no record of an Odysseus in the ancient siren scrolls. I also discovered that these sirens possessed a business relationship with the dragons. Both species were capable of powerful magic, but their secrets were guarded so jealously, nothing could be accomplished by waging war.
“We would have only ended up destroying one another,” Eulathrin told me. “Dragons covet wealth and power, and perhaps we would have waged war thousands of years ago if the dragon king’s greed was greater than his sense. Instead, we established a treaty where we would exchange tribute.”
“Wealth and power?” I asked rather unnecessarily.
“Precisely.”
Eulathrin herself was a warrior and a sorceress, and also served as ambassador to the dragon kingdom. She was also responsible for delivering siren tribute once a month.
“Our relationship is not bound by affection, but there is respect. If either species requests a favor of the other, we will often honor the request free of charge if it is within reason.”
“I take it watching over me is within reason?” I asked bitterly.
“For the time being.” Eulathrin’s eyes narrowed. “I intend to take care of you, but heed my warning: if you intentionally cause trouble, I can make things much less comfortable for you without causing you physical harm.”
I didn’t have to reply to convey that I believed her. In truth, she was quite kind and courteous, and I found myself liking her against my will. Also, I much preferred her company to that of Tarasque’s. A shiver of dread went up my spine as I thought of him. I had only been here for half a day, but I didn’t know how long it would be until he would visit me. I could only brace myself as best I could.
I sat on the bed and gave a wary glance to the meal Eulathrin had prepared for me. Some kind of blue fruit, orange meat, and a green bread-like substance. She assured me that the food was enchanted to prevent allergic reactions, but somehow, that didn’t make me feel any better. Moreover, I wasn’t even hungry. I was angry, confused, and worried as hell. Lulu could only cover for me for so long. Soon enough, everyone would realize I was missing, and I shuddered to think of the inevitable uproar. My parents would spare no expense to find me, and my friends would start websites in the hopes someone would recognize me. 
And Shadow.
Shadow. My love, who was not at all ignorant of my fate. I tried to reassure myself. Though he was always loath to admit it, he was a man who never gave up hope, even in the darkest times of his life. I had to have faith that he wouldn’t let go now.
Don’t let go, my love. I promised you everything would be all right. Please, please don’t give up hope. 
His face flashed in my mind: so breathtakingly beautiful, but so filled with terror and grief as Tarasque took me away. Like with Xavier, I knew I needed to be strong for him. And I would. I hastily wiped away two tears and forced myself to think of a plan. Escape on my own was no option, but maybe…
I perked up when I heard a low purring noise coming from the washroom. A very familiar low, purring noise.
“Blackhole?” I breathed. Not daring to believe it, I jumped out of the bed and ran toward the washing area. I threw back the golden curtains and there he was, dark, alien, and so very, very real.
With a cry of relief and elation, I dropped to my knees and embraced him, uncaring of his hard, armored body. In turn, he nuzzled me and continued to purr.
“God, I can’t believe it,” I whispered, wiping fresh tears from my cheeks. “How did you get here? Oh, never mind that. Can you get us both out of here?”
He shrunk away from me, his purr becoming low and piteous. Before I could react, I heard the door to my room open, and the footsteps that rang off the walls were most definitely not Eulathrin’s. Panic surged through me and I jumped to my feet, desperately trying to regain control of myself. I turned on the golden faucet of the sink to make it look as if I was just cleaning up. I had the sense to close the curtains at least. When I peered around, I breathed a sigh of relief to see that Blackhole was gone. 
“I sincerely hope you aren’t trying to hide from me.”
My hands clenched into fists. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
I dried my hands off and looked in the mirror. Washing my face erased all traces of crying, and my hair looked fairly presentable. I had to be calm, respectful. If I wanted to get out of here, I had to know what Tarasque really wanted from me. Taking another deep breath, I pulled back the curtains and stepped into the living room.
He was in his human form and dressed in the same human clothes. His two copies followed obediently behind him. If I wasn’t so angry and afraid, I probably would have been awed at the way the golden furniture reflected highlights off his blonde hair and pale skin. He truly was an incredibly handsome sight.
But he didn’t hold a candle to Shadow.
Swallowing my pride, I gave a low bow. “Your Highness.”
Several emotions flitted across his golden features: surprise, disappointment, respect.
“That must have taken a considerable effort to say,” he commented.
“It did,” I said in a low voice, knowing there was no point in lying.
“Honesty in a human,” he noted while walking towards me. “It’s not unheard of, but quite rare, especially given your situation.”
I couldn’t take it any longer. “What do you want from me?” 
He stopped in front of me, just barely respecting my personal space. “Dragons take what they want. It is our way. And I am the dragon king.”
Eulathrin’s words echoed in my mind. I forced down yet another wave of despair and focused on Tarasque.
“But my first duty is to my people,” he continued. “There are questions that I need answered. In return, I will answer yours.”
“How do I know you’ll answer my questions truthfully?”
“You’ll need to trust me, as I will trust you.”
“I have no hold over you, though. I have nothing to ensure you’ll be honest. And you…you have Shadow’s life.”
He considered my response, and to my dismay, I saw the fascination in his emerald eyes deepen.
“The deal was that you would do whatever I wished, and I would not harm your lover. So far, you have fulfilled your end, and I will fulfill mine. You have no choice but to trust me.”
He was right, and I hated him for it.
“As a token of good will, I will answer your first question.” His face darkened. “You are here because I was blackmailed. A god-like entity threatened to defile the sacred grounds of my forefathers if I did not take you.”
I was stunned. “God-like entity? What’s his name?”
“I believe it’s my turn to ask a question.”
Calming my frustration, I nodded.
“Your lover. The creature with the blue eyes and pointed teeth that you call Shadow. What is he?”
My guard instantly went up. “I’m not going to give you information on him.”
“I will find out eventually,” Tarasque said. “But if you refuse, you renounce your side of the bargain. Have you forgotten so easily that I am more than capable of harming your lover whenever I want?”
I deflated. He was right. Knowing what Shadow was would not change the balance of power. 
I need to placate this creature, I thought. It’s the only way I can keep us both safe.
“He’s a vampire,” I said. “What’s the name of the god who’s blackmailing you?”
“He calls himself Necoc Yaotl. Do these vampires dwell in your world?”
“No. They live in another dimension. How did you get to my dimension?”
“I used the Mirror. It is an ancient artifact that enables me to travel to whatever world I wish. Do vampires possess magical abilities?”
“I don’t know.”
“That isn’t good enough.”
“It’s the truth.”
“You believe your lover would keep such secrets from you?”
I had to stop myself from snapping that the details of my relationship with Shadow were none of his business. “Yes, but he would never do it to hurt me. He would tell me eventually. Now I get to ask two questions. Why would a god-like entity want the king of the dragons to kidnap me? I’m not anyone special!”
“All Necoc Yaotl said was that you are a key to dragon victory.”
My blood ran cold. “Victory? Against who?”
“The vampires.”
My eyes widened and I took a step back. “You’re going to wage war against the vampires?”
“It’s my turn—”
“NO!” I screamed. “Why would you wage war against the vampires? What have they done to you!?”
He grimaced, but gave in. “Nothing. I never knew they existed until I visited your world. But Necoc Yaotl possesses the power to destroy the sacred grounds of my forefathers. I must protect them at all costs. In order to placate him, I must destroy the vampires. Do not fear. I will try to spare your lover to honor our bargain, but if Necoc Yaotl demands he die as well, I must obey.”
My heart hammered in my chest. Tarasque was going to wipe out the vampires. I wasn’t at all eased by the fact that he would spare Shadow if he could. The thought of an entire race of people destroyed forever sickened me so much I felt like vomiting right then and there. 
“You are greatly distressed,” Tarasque commented. He was frowning. “Why?”
Outrage swept through me. “Why? You’re going to commit genocide against an entire species and you’re asking me why I’m distressed!?”
“They are vampires. They are not humans.”
“They’re people!” I screamed. “It doesn’t matter if they’re not human. They’re living, thinking, sentient creatures with hopes, dreams, fears, loves…they have as much as a right to live as I do!”
As with our previous meetings, he seemed to grow more and more frustrated with every word I spoke. “You do not profit from the vampire’s existence?”
“I didn’t know vampires existed until over a month ago,” I said. “I fell in love with one…so I guess you can say I profit from their existence. It’s because of a vampire that I’ve found a love more precious and meaningful than I can say.”
I gasped when Tarasque grabbed my arms. His eyes furiously searched mine. I knew what he was doing. He was hunting for deception. Lies. He wasn’t finding any and it was causing him a great deal of confusion.
“What are you?” he hissed.
I smiled grimly at him. “I’m human, King Tarasque. Just face it: you don’t know anything about us. You thought you did, and you’ve been proven wrong.”
He all but shoved me away from him, but my smile didn’t fade. I was glad I was able to keep it. In truth, it was all bravado. This creature was deadly. He could destroy me and everything I loved. But I couldn’t show that fear. I had to be brave.
“We’ll see who is wrong in the end, human,” he whispered and walked out of the room.
When he was gone, I staggered to the bed and sat down, burying my face in my hands. After several deep breaths, I remembered something and ran to the washroom. Blackhole wasn’t there.
I knew he wouldn’t be able to get me out of here, which was convenient because I couldn’t leave yet. I couldn’t afford to break the bargain I had with the king of the dragons. I had to make sure everyone was safe first. That Shadow was safe first. I pictured the beautiful face of my love, my glorious dark angel. And I was still so afraid. 

***

Tarasque

The human unnerved me.
I tried not to think about how much. It was incredibly shameful. In terms of strength and power, she was an insect compared to me. And still she unnerved me. 
This is impossible. How could she care so much about a race of people merely because she is in love with one? Humans would do anything to achieve their ends, and I have already offered her the life of her beloved if she cooperates. Why should she care about the race as a whole?
But she did. I could detect no deception from her. She wanted to protect the vampires. I saw the desire blazing in her eyes like fire, like her skin when I touched her. That burning, uncontrollable heat that radiated off her very form…
It was unnatural that I should have such thoughts about her. She was cold compared to my searing dragon flesh, even colder than a corpse. But when I was in human form I could feel heat the way a human did. 
Are you afraid, Your Majesty?
I had been staring at the Mirror when dark smoke filled the glass, and Necoc Yaotl’s wretched voice entered my mind.
“For the sacred grounds,” I said, cold hatred leaking into my voice.
And for yourself. That human girl is making you feel things you have never felt before. In fact, it all started when you first met her.
“Which was your intent, I’m certain.”
Ah, Your Majesty, that would be telling, would it not?
I didn’t reply. The monster god continued.
Why were you seeking guidance from me if you despise me so?
“I was seeking guidance from the Mirror.”
But as I have told you, great dragon king, I am the Mirror. Long silence. You are traditional creatures, you dragons. You have relied on the Mirror for guidance for so long, that you cannot bear to part from it, even though you are now fully aware it is part of one who could easily destroy you.
“You are not threatening to destroy me. You are threatening to destroy—”
--your precious sacred grounds. Yes. Because you cannot be a worthy king without constantly seeking their guidance. Just like the Mirror.
Fire rose in my throat. Necoc Yaotl laughed.
Have no fear, dragon king, you will be free to wallow in the cradle of your fathers and your precious Mirror if you obey me. 
I will obey. And in time, you will pay for your crimes, god or not.
“Shall I launch a full-scale attack?”
No. You had the proper idea the first time. Send your warriors to investigate the vampires first. Listen, observe, stir up a little trouble. I will inform you when I am satisfied.

***

Shadow

Brandon was right. I had to question Mercedes’ friends and perhaps family members if I desired information  regarding the true identity of her kidnapper. However, I did not know who her friends and family were, what they looked like, their home locations, etc. Such ignorance needed to be rectified right away. I was grateful I at least knew where Mercedes lived.
When night fell in the mortal world, I made my way to the lavish mansion. There were no police cars, which was fortunate. I knew there would be soon enough. Mercedes’ parents were highly influential and loving. They would spare no expense in finding their daughter. And neither would I.
It did not take long to review the security system and disable the necessary portions of it. I knew where Mercedes’ room was. After scaling the wall to the fifth floor, I stopped outside a large glass window and carefully pried it open. Stepping inside, I examined my surroundings.
It certainly was a room for a girl who had never wanted for anything throughout her entire life, but contemplating the luxuries available to Mercedes was not my goal. I made my way to her computer, praying to Lord Order that I would be able to bypass her security. Just as I was about to sit down, an electronic voice sounded from above.
“You must be Shadow.”
I jumped to my feet, blade in hand, fangs bared. “Who’s there?” I demanded.
“My name is Lulu. I am an AI guardian and have been serving Miss Mercedes throughout her childhood.” Brief pause. “You did an admirable job in disabling certain security systems, but only Mercedes could hope to completely shut me down. If I desired it, you would be forced to flee within seconds or risk being discovered.”
I gripped my blade. “You cannot. Mercedes has been kidnapped by a powerful creature whose identity I am trying to discover. If you truly do serve her, you will aide me.”
Another brief pause. “Mercedes has told me a great deal about you, Shadow. And she never hesitates to express how deeply she loves you and trusts you. If she believes you trustworthy, then that is more than good enough for me. I will aide you.”
I nearly sagged in relief. “I thank you.”
“Please tell me what happened.”
I did. When I finished, I could have sworn I heard genuine worry in the AI guardian’s voice.
“This is deeply troubling. Mercedes did tell me about a mysterious stranger she had met three days ago. Her physical description of him matches the one you gave me. She also specifically said there was something about him that ‘really creeped her out.’”
I froze, furious and betrayed. “And did not inform me of this!?”
“She said she knew she had to trust you, but she implied she was afraid you would do something rash.”
I snarled. “I should have done something rash. She should have told me.”
“Maybe, but there is little point in dwelling on that.”
I forced myself to calm down. “On that we agree. Can you tell me anything else?”
“Unfortunately, no. But perhaps her friends can. I would not be surprised if she confided in them.”
I pulled a datapad from my belt. “Give me their names and addresses.”
“Very well.”
After I had the information on file, the AI guardian spoke.
“Now that I know Mercedes is in danger, I intend to sound the alarm, though neither her friends nor her family will be privy to the true details.”
“There is nothing they can do,” I said grimly. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t completely rule them out. Remember, Shadow, you did not believe Mercedes would be able to help you defeat Xavier.”
“That is true, but Mercedes is an exceptional human, and exceptional humans are rarer than rain in the desert.”
“You may find out just how wrong you are.”
In the cover of the forest, I examined the list of names and addresses. It was a very short list, but the AI guardian insisted that they were the only people Mercedes would confide in something so personal. If none of them provided a lead, the guardian promised to give me more names. 
I checked the time on the datapad. It was far too late to question anyone right now. They would all be asleep in their beds. My instincts screamed at me to break down their doors, yank them from their peaceful, non-caring slumbers, and demand what they knew. But those were predatory instincts. As Brandon said, I needed to be civil if I wanted to get the information I desired.
I ran through the forest. The worry and rage that I had tried so desperately to keep under control was on the verge of overpowering me along with hunger. I had not fed in a while, and I needed blood. More than that, I needed to kill.
My love. My love. What is happening to you? What is that creature doing to you? I will find you. I swear it. I will heal any damage he has done to you, and I will kill him.
An hour later, I found my prey in one of the downtrodden areas of human society. He was following a male prostitute, and I could tell by the look in his eyes and the stench that clung to him that he was not at all interested in sexual intercourse.
Neither was I.
I pulled him into an empty alley and covered his mouth so no one could hear him scream. For a moment, I deeply regretted I had not chosen a more secluded area. I wanted to hear this scum scream and pretend he was the one whose throat I would give anything to rip out. But as I always reminded myself, beggars could not be choosers. 
I drank my fill and snapped his neck, reveling in the satisfaction coursing through me. But it was only momentary satisfaction. I wanted more.
My love.
I scoured the miserable slum, searching for scum, searching for humans whose eyes reminded me of Xavier, of every sadistic elite I and my friends had ever suffered under.
There. A woman who beat her children and burned them with cigarettes.
There. A teenage boy who was attempting to light a cat on fire.
There. A man who was stalking a woman and her child.
I gloried in every kill. I reveled in every drop of fear-soaked blood. And it wasn’t just scum I could kill. I could kill anything, everyone. I could wipe out this entire slum. Within hours, the streets would be strewn with corpses, and the dim lights would make the blood-smeared stone and wood as black as the unforgiving night. Kill them all, kill them all, kill them all…
Shadow. My love.
I stopped in my tracks as I was about to approach a man. An innocent man.
Then I ran.
I ran as the bloodlust and the rage pounded through my body. I ran as the voice of an angel sang through my soul. 
I could not do it. Mercedes would never forgive me for taking innocent life without cause. And I would never forgive myself for violating my code of honor merely because I failed to protect my love. That failure was mine and mine alone. Innocent humans did not deserve to die because of it.
Mercedes. My love. I will find you. I swear it.
I made my way back to my apartment. The rush of the kill permeated throughout my body, begging for release. I collapsed into a chair and buried my face within my hands.
Mercedes. Mercedes. Mercedes.
A gentle purr caused me to look up. Blackhole cautiously approached me, his movements cautious and concerned. I put my hand on his head.
Take care of the bodies in these locations.
Shadow—
MOVE!
He did. When he returned, he kept his distance. Shame boiled through me when I could sense only fear and concern from him. I reached out and he immediately bounded to my side.
Please forgive me.
Nothing to forgive. What’s wrong? 
Mercedes is gone.
Can I help? He asked after I told him the details.
I have no doubt that you can. Unlike me, you can walk in the daylight. I relayed to him the names and addresses of Mercedes’ friends. The sun is rising in the mortal world. Watch them. Discover the places they go. Listen in on their conversations. Listen for anything related to Mercedes and her kidnapping. I will question them when the sun sets again. 
I will.
After Blackhole left, I was alone with the raging storm that was barely under control. I could not just sit here. Mercedes needed me. I needed to help her. I needed to do something. Anything.
Just as I was seriously considering going to the royal family and demanding to know if they discovered anything yet, I remembered something. The mark on Mercedes’ neck. The mark that enabled me to sense her if she was near and call her. But she wasn’t even on this planet. She was in another dimension. Could it be possible?
Perhaps not. But there was nothing more I could do.
I closed my eyes and focused. 
Mercedes.
Mercedes. My love. Feel me. Feel me.
Feel me.

***

Mercedes

Eulathrin brought me supper, but frowned when she saw that I wasn’t even looking at her.
“The least you can do is thank me,” she said reproachfully.
“Sorry,” I mumbled. I gave her a small nod. “Thank you.”
Her face softened slightly. “King Tarasque did not bring favorable news?”
“He wants to destroy people I love,” I said flatly. “He wants to destroy an entire species.” I lifted my head up, remembering something. “But he also claimed that he was blackmailed into it.” I glanced sharply at my siren caretaker. “Eulathrin, do you know anything about the dragon’s sacred grounds?”
“Yes,” she replied. “Did King Tarasque tell you about them?”
“No. He just mentioned them. Can you tell me about them?”
She pondered my request for a moment. “I suppose it would not be a violation of the treaty to tell you,” she allowed at last. “The sacred grounds are no secret to those who deal with the dragons. They reside in the Saw Tooth Mountains at the far end of the dragon kingdom. It is the place where all dragon kings are laid to rest. Each king possesses his own tomb, and his remains are buried along with whatever treasure he has gathered throughout his life.”
“The Pharaohs of Egypt,” I thought aloud.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Nothing. Sorry. Go on.”
“Even when a dragon king dies, he is able to retain a spiritual link to the realm of the living. If the current dragon king wishes guidance from his father or any of his forefathers, he will be able to contact him and ask for divine advice.”
“Divine?”
“Dragons believe that when a king dies, he becomes a god.”
“And…” I lowered my voice, almost afraid that we would be overheard. “…what would happen if these sacred grounds were destroyed? Can they be destroyed?”
“The dragons possess immense magical power. If anyone could threaten their sacred grounds, it would have to be a god.”
Which makes perfect sense, I thought.
I thanked Eulathrin for answering my questions and after she left, my mind raced with possibilities and ideas. If Tarasque’s claim was correct, then while he may not be a saint, he was as much a victim as I was. I didn’t blame him for wanting to do whatever it took to preserve something so sacred and meaningful to his people, but an entire species was a devastating price to pay. There had to be a better way. Though if a god-like entity was pulling the strings, I didn’t know what.
Just as I was forcing myself to eat a few mouthfuls, my door opened and Tarasque stepped through along with his two copies.
“It’s good that you are eating. I noticed you did not touch the last meal prepared for you.”
I gave a small shrug. “I figured nothing good could be accomplished by starving myself.”
“Wise decision.” He took a step closer. “I have sent a battalion of my warriors to the vampire world. It is not an invasion,” he added in response to my panicked look. “But when they return, I will have all the information I need for war.”
I glared at him, but spoke as evenly as I could. “If you’ve come to ask for more information on the vampires, I can’t help you if you want to start a war.”
“Oh, I believe you can,” he whispered. “If your lover is a vampire, then it is inevitable that he has shared with you many secrets regarding vampire culture and perhaps even militaristic defenses.”
“I’m not telling you anything.”
His face hardened. “Then you violate our bargain.”
“The whole point of the bargain was to protect people I care about,” I all but snarled. “If you’re asking me to betray them, then it’s you who’s violating the bargain.”
“I could have your lover’s head on a pike within hours.”
The threat was like a knife in my heart, but I marched right up to Tarasque and stuck my face close to his. “I’m not telling you anything. He would never forgive me if I gave you information that could help destroy him and his people. So kindly stop wasting both of our times and stop asking me for information.”
Those green eyes, as hard and as cold as the gemstones they resembled, stared me down, willing me to obey. I stood firm, refusing point-blank to cringe.
“You have remarkable passion,” he said at last. “And loyalty. I have watched humanity for centuries, but I have never seen humans exhibit such admirable qualities.”
“Maybe you were watching the wrong humans,” I suggested. “I’ll be the first to admit that we can be incredibly despicable, but not all of us are like that.” I frowned slightly. “Have you visited our world before? How exactly does that Mirror device of yours work?”
His handsome features grew considering. “You desire information on me? On my kind?”
“Yes, but I don’t want it if the price is information on the vampires.”
“It is not. The price is information on you and your kind. It is only fair.”
“I suppose it is.”
“Do you agree?”
I nodded.
“Then I’ll have Eulathrin bring you a new set of clothes. We will have our discussion in a more open environment. I do detest being in enclosed spaces for long even when I am in a body that is designed to be acclimated to them.”
That last sentence left me deeply curious, but I didn’t ask any further questions. Ten minutes later, Eulathrin came back with new clothes as Tarasque promised. This set consisted of a pale platinum-colored gown that dipped low in the back and swirled around my ankles. The matching slippers were so soft and comfortable, I felt I could dance in them for hours and my feet wouldn’t hurt in the slightest. 
As I brushed my hair in front of a mirror, I carefully planned my strategy. In actuality, it was the same strategy I used when dealing with the pain of abused women and the pain of Shadow. I couldn’t just blurt out that I intended to help. Trust and the beginning vestiges of friendship had to be gained first. However, I also needed to acknowledge that Tarasque’s dilemma was far different. He was being blackmailed by a god. Could anything be gained for myself, vampires, or Tarasque if I gained his trust?
I quickly brushed such questions away. While they were by no means meaningless, all they served to do now was distract me. And I had to do something. The king of the dragons wanted to talk to me and was willing to confide in me for a reasonable price. That had to count for something.
Eulathrin led me out of my room after I finished getting ready. 
“Remember to be respectful,” she reminded me as she led my down a hallway. I nearly got distracted by a magnificent mural that featured a beautiful field of alien flowers that were being tended to by small creatures that looked like a cross between a hummingbird and a fairy. “And do not lie. He will know if you do.”
I nodded. I was grateful for Eulathrin’s genuine concern for me, though we had known each other for barely a day. Much as I hoped for escape, it was nice to have a companion whom I could hopefully call a friend in the future.
At the end of the hallway, I noted with deep curiosity that the golden dual doors up ahead featured the same hummingbird/fairy creatures from the mural. In fact…those creatures had also been carved into the mirror frame in my room.
“Eulathrin, what’s the name of that flying creature that’s carved in the door?” I asked.
“I’ll tell you when, if you come back,” she replied, which was not a comforting answer.
The doors swung open and I was almost blinded by the sunlight. When my eyes adjusted, I found myself gaping at what could only be El Dorado, the legendary city of gold.
“Forgive me, I forgot to introduce you,” Eulathrin said in an amused voice. “Welcome to Sirenum Scopuli, the golden capital of the siren kingdom.”
Sirenum Scopuli. The history lover in me instantly remembered the name the Roman poets gave to the mystical island of the sirens. 
“It is magnificent,” a deep, male voice said to my right. “But this is not where we will have our discussion.”
I jumped, not realizing that Tarasque and his copies had been standing right there.
He held out his hand to me.
“Come.”
With several misgivings I took it. I said a quiet goodbye to Eulathrin who placed her hard-scaled hand gently on my arm before going back inside. Suddenly I felt very alone.   

***

Tarasque

My warriors would give their first report within four days, so there was time to spend as I pleased. Right now I wanted to know what Necoc Yaotl meant by this human girl being a key to dragon victory. Since he made it clear that he had no intention of telling me how, I had to find out for myself. I would never admit so aloud, but the prospect pleased me, despite the immense frustration the girl always ignited in me when I spoke to her.
But I have what I want, I thought as I led her through the Mirror portal. I have a creature from one the worlds I longed to visit for centuries. A deeply fascinating creature. Not to mention a lovely creature…
I stared at the girl, who was now gazing in awe at the heavens surrounding her. The siren dress fit her very well, and her hair flowed behind her in the breeze. In my human body, I desired her in ways I would never desire her in my natural dragon form, which was dangerous. Such urges could cloud my mind and give her an advantage in our battle of wills. But I could not speak to her in my natural form. I would only succeed in frightening her to death.
“Where are we?”
“The Saw Tooth Mountains,” I replied. “They reside in my kingdom.”
Mercedes looked to the sky above, then at the red-brown stone beneath her feet. 
“We are quite safe,” I assured her.
She looked at me curiously. “If you’re that uncomfortable as a human, then why not talk to me in your true form?”
“You would die of fear,” I stated bluntly. “I have seen the tallest of your human structures. As a dragon, I could crush them as easily as you could crush a bird’s egg.”
Her eyes flickered to my copies. “So that’s where your excess mass goes.”
She was highly perceptive, I noted. I would have to use excess caution from now on when speaking to her. 
“Yes,” I said, knowing it would be pointless to deny it.
She nodded and sat down on a rock. “Then I’ll let you ask the first question.”
That boldness again. That fire. My human body stirred. I carefully sat down opposite of her.
“You will answer the question I asked during our first meeting,” I said. “Why are you different from other humans?”
She blinked, surprised. “I was taught to embrace compassion, to think of others.”
“Then your parents are like you?”
“Yes. But in a lot of ways, they’re different.”
Now it was my turn to be surprised. “Your parents did not raise you to be exactly like them?”
“No.”
“Why would they not? That is the duty of all parents.”
“A parent’s duty is to help their children fulfill their true nature,” she said. “To follow the path of their choosing.”
“Then your parents may as well teach you to disgrace them.” Disgust tinged my voice. “What if you should choose the wrong path?”
“What is the wrong path?” she countered. 
“The path that does not honor your mother. Your father.”
She was quiet for a moment. “You seem to hold parents in very high regard.”
“As anyone with an ounce of sense and honor should,” I declared. “The gifts and memories of our forefathers drift down throughout the generations. Their arms are everlasting. They will always touch the ones of the future, no matter how far away they are.”
“That’s true,” she said. “We do owe our ancestors a great deal.”
“We owe them everything.”
“We don’t owe it to them to repeat their mistakes,” she said sharply. “We learn from them, but to try to imitate them to the extent you’re describing…how would we be able to embrace our individuality?”
“Perhaps I was wrong about you,” I said coldly. “Perhaps the humans I watched those thousands of years ago are more admirable than you. They at least knew what they owed their ancestors. They knew they could never let familial traditions die. You on the other hand--you all but sneer at your ancestors.”
“You assume that just because I know that they aren’t infallible?” She was incredulous. “Our ancestors did terrible things. They killed and tortured countless innocents. They were selfish, greedy, and narcissistic. I thought you hated those qualities in humans.”
“I do,” I said. “But you dismiss all of your forefathers, not merely the despicable ones. I trust you at least honor your own father?”
“I love him,” she said, and the firmness in her voice could not be denied. “I want to make him proud of me. I hope I have. When I was young…I was so worried I wouldn’t be able to.”
It was as if she had gripped my heart in her frail hands.
“How did you deal with such worries?” I asked almost breathlessly.
“I was ashamed of them at first, so I kept them to myself.” Her gaze grew distant as if she were reliving her memories right here and now.  “My father is a very important man in the human world, and my mother a very important woman. I knew that both my parents wanted me to do great things…I wanted to do great things, but everyone has their own definition of great. When I decided that I wanted to help those who weren’t as fortunate as I was, they told me that they couldn’t be more proud of me.” A small smile touched her lips. “It was quite surprising. They did use their wealth to help other people, but their careers revolved around their personal skills, ambitions, and desires. I thought they would want me to become a prominent political and or business figure in human society, and when I asked them about it, my father told me I was meant for something else. He said that the business and political worlds were filled with corruption and always would be. Even someone as compassionate as me would become tainted by it. He couldn’t bear for that to happen. He knew helping people was in my nature. That’s why he let me choose my own path.” She stared at me right in the eye. “Can you say I’ve dishonored him?”
A very interesting question, I thought.
“You did as he requested,” I said at last. “So I cannot say you dishonored him.”
“And if he ordered me to become a prominent political and or business figure?”
“Then you would have dishonored him.”
“And if I did honor him, then countless abused women, countless hurt and starving people would be without help.” She smiled, and it was not a friendly expression. “I thought you hated human selfishness and greed.”
Now I was growing angry, and yes, unnerved. This human was having the same negative effects on me as last time, and I did not like it one bit.
“I think I’ve provided you with enough information on me for now,” she said. “I want to know something about you.”
“What do you wish to know?”
“I want to know about your father.”
I did not know why, but her question caused a prickle of genuine fear to settle in my minuscule heart. However, within a moment, I answered it. She listened attentively and did not say a word until I was finished. 
“Eulathrin told me that your sacred grounds enable you to communicate with the kings of the past, and that’s one of the reasons why you’re so determined to protect them.”
“I would protect them if that were the only reason,” I said. Passion laced my tone. “No dragon king can afford to lose the guidance of our fathers. I would not be the king I am now if I did not hear my father’s wisdom after I took the throne.”
“But does he really guide you, or does he just tell you what to do?”
“He always offers me wisdom I cannot ignore.”
“But do you do everything he tells you to?”
“Yes.”
“Then who really leads the dragons? You or him?”
I stood up, looming over, and I was pleased to see that now it was she who was unnerved. “Make no mistake, human. You are addressing the king of all dragons. If you ever delude yourself into believing you are not, then rest assured, I will correct you.”
The fear in her eyes remained, but also a stubborn determination. I was shocked when she stood up to face me.
“King Tarasque, did your father ever tell you to do something against your judgment?”
“Never. I once wished to do something against his guidance. I would have refused altogether after he forbade me, but in the end I was forced to…” I trailed off.
“What was that?” she asked. 
I didn’t know whether to admire her persistence or be annoyed by it. In truth, the answer to her question was a humiliating one, and I would not be shamed before any creature, least of all a slip of a mortal girl.
Then why do you want to tell her?
I knew why. 
I was forming an attachment to this human. 
The notion was not surprising. I had formed attachments to other worlds and other species long before I admitted my desire to explore and interact. Now that one of those creatures was in my possession, it was only natural that the attachment would become more profound. My father could not find out. If he did, he would never permit me to speak to him again. And I could not lose his guidance. I would keep the girl; I would merely ensure that she did not hinder my duties as king. 
I stared into her eyes, as blue as the sky on a crisp fall day, but as fiery as the tail of the phoenix queen. She challenged me while keeping a reasonably respectful tongue. She was intelligent. I would never grow bored while in her company.
She was mine forever.


*********

Chapter 9

Chaos screams from every corner
Entwined they make a single joiner
Which web will strangle its own brother?
A tragic tale one day another

Blackhole

For someone so young, Mercedes was certainly important in the human world. Her disappearance caused an instant uproar in not just the local community, but throughout the United States. Her influence was so broad, even politicians from other countries were sending their condolences to her parents, and promising they would do everything they could in order to assist the search party. 
My father was pleased.
Chaos, chaos, chaos. That a single human could cause so much chaos. Do you hear it, my child? Do you see it?
Nadine and Sam, Mercedes’ two human friends were quietly consoling each other as they walked to school. Both of them looked as if they hadn’t slept in days. 
“This is all my fault,” Nadine said, covering her mouth to keep from sobbing. “I should have told someone…”
“You trusted her,” Sam said. He put an arm around his friend’s shoulders. “You can’t blame yourself for trusting a friend.”
Yes, Titlacauan. I hear it. I see it.
Blackhole.
I opened the link, careful to keep my emotions under control. But perhaps that was not necessary. There was so much anguish, anger, and fear pouring from the other end, I had little doubt Shadow would notice my emotions. 
Two of Mercedes’ friends have said that the human Thomas encountered Mercedes twice in an area called Harvard Lane. It’s about a mile away from her home.
Brief pause. 
Thank you, my friend. You have found our first lead. 
He is thanking you, my child.
Continue to observe. We must have more if we are to bring our evidence before the royal family.
He loves you.
Blackhole, are you well?
He is asking if you are well.
I’m fine, Shadow.
Another pause.
We will find her, my friend. And we will make the one who took her pay.
The link was cut. A good thing. I may have gone mad if it was kept intact any longer. 
The vampires will have their evidence soon enough, dear child. Even more than they bargained for. In the meantime, why don’t you keep the little key company for a while?
My father’s glee was palpable, yet I could not hate him.
When his voice was silent in my mind, I stared at the retreating forms of Nadine and Sam. 
No, I thought. You are never to blame for trusting a friend. 

***

Mercedes 

Night fell over the golden siren city. Eulathrin told me that if I proved myself trustworthy, she would see about taking me out as soon as possible. It was a refreshing thought. I made sure to do exercises (the room was large enough for me to do several back-flips without fear of knocking anything over), but it wasn’t the same as breathing fresh air. At least Tarasque satiated my need for that for the time being.
Oh, he did much more than that, my inner voice reminded me.
I honestly hadn’t expected him to answer my question, but he had. His answer told me many things. Despite being the king of the dragons, he was quite different from the rest of his kind. He wanted to visit other worlds for the sake of exploration and interaction, not to find treasure. His father also possessed a very powerful hold over him. It was clear Tarasque loved and respected his father, but when he spoke of him, I could sense something that bordered on an obsessive need to please and to make proud. To be wanted. Tarasque expressed the maturity of an adult, but there was a part of him that remained a child.  
You could use it to your advantage, my inner voice continued, low and seductive. He likes you. He wants to be around you. You give him something his own people cannot give him. Continue to intrigue him, and he is more likely to do what you want. You need him if you are to keep the vampires safe. To keep your love safe.
The voice wasn’t evil. In fact, it was very much correct. My goal was to keep people I loved safe. But to take advantage of Tarasque’s weakness without even considering other options was something that was not in my nature. He was a victim like me. He had no choice but to obey this Necoc Yaotl if he wanted to protect what he loved. 
Necoc Yaotl. That name sounded vaguely familiar. I would need to wrack my brains, but I knew I could remember where I had heard it before. Perhaps that was what I should be focusing on right now. If I knew the identity of the god blackmailing Tarasque, I would gain an idea as to what we were all dealing with.
A familiar rustle came from the washroom. I pressed my ear to the door to ensure Eulathrin or Tarasque was not outside before throwing back the curtains.
“Blackhole…” I embraced the Evanescence, welcoming the flood of reassurance that promised me that everything would turn out all right in the end. “Are you all right? Is Shadow all right?” I put my hand on his head and his voice entered my mind.
He’s sick with worry.
Can you tell him I’m all right?
There was no answer. But Shadow knowing the true state of my welfare was irrelevant compared to Tarasque’s plans for the vampires.
Blackhole, listen to me. The dragons are planning to declare war against the vampires. The king is sending scouts right now to collect information. You have to tell Shadow!
This time, Blackhole actually shrunk away from me.
“Blackhole…?”
The low, pitiful whine the emitted from him confirmed what I knew the first time he visited me here.
“You…you can’t tell Shadow anything…?”
He moved closer, allowing me to touch him again.
I’m sorry.
“Why not!?”
I can’t.
Disappointment and despair flooded me. The vampires would get no warning. The dragons would declare war, and I knew it would be slaughter. Unless the vampires did posses magic…no. If the vampires possessed magic, Xavier would never have hesitated to use it on Shadow or I. It would be slaughter.
I looked up at Blackhole, the trusted companion of my love, and all of my previous understanding vanished.
“Do you have any idea what the dragons will do to the vampires? To Shadow!? Do you want to see him killed? You’re betraying him!”
That leathery mouth twisted and turned down.
I have to obey my father.
I blinked. “Your father…what are you…?”
I’m sorry.
Before I could respond, he reached out with his tail. The tip brushed against my neck. I saw the light reflect off those odd, feather-like scales before he vanished.  

***

Leyan 

It was rare for females to receive important assignments. Direct assignments from the king even more so. But I would do my duty as a dragon warrior.
His Majesty ordered my comrades and I to investigate a race called vampires. He told us the information we gathered would prove vital for upcoming war with this species. That excited me a great deal. We haven’t had war for so long. Dragons took what they wanted, and they killed whoever got in the way, but war was something no dragon in my lifetime had ever experienced. Perhaps my respect for King Tarasque would grow. He was my lord and I would lay down my life for him, but he was also the mildest king we have ever had, and he never seemed to value treasure the way a dragon should. Apparently, he was changing for the better. 
The assignment itself did not prove to be challenging. In fact, the only real challenge was getting used to being in such tiny, weak (so very weak) bodies. My respect for the king increased when I realized he had spent days in a human body without reverting back to his natural form. 
A human body. In the human world.
All portals dragons could create drew their magic and direction from the Mirror, and unfortunately, the Mirror refused to provide the king with the location of the vampire world. But King Tarasque assured us all that the vampires had close ties to the human world, meaning they had ways of getting in and getting back home. We merely had to find a vampire and get him to talk.

***

Nadine

I picked at my food in the lunchroom, trying as hard as I could not to glance at the holographic poster of Mercedes’ bright, smiling face that hovered over the wall in front of me. Those posters were tacked all over Morgana. And the town.
And the state. And across America. I wouldn’t be surprised if they were tacked on the walls of schools in Switzerland.
I glanced around. Nearly everyone was speaking in hushed tones, which complemented the heavy fog of solemnity and foreboding that had started to haunt the school ever since Mercedes disappeared. Lindsey and her fellow bubble-headed cheerleaders were constantly consoling themselves with hugs and reassurances that she would come back safely. Catherine was among them, but unlike the others, she seemed inconsolable. That was unacceptable to me. Oh, don’t get me wrong, I liked Catherine. To survive what she had took great strength of character. But someone she loved needed her right now. She needed to do something like the rest of us.
Be gentle, I warned myself as I approached her once school was over. Don’t run your mouth like a broken motor. Don’t be accusing. Mercedes always said you needed to work on your tact.
“Catherine.”
She turned around, doe-like eyes immediately going wide.
“Oh, Nadine.” Her small voice trembled slightly. “Hello.”
I fell in step beside her. “How are you holding up?”
She shook her head. “I can barely eat or sleep.”
Calm. Be tactful.
“Look, I know it’s hard. I’m just as worried as you. But everyone in this school is pitching in. Mr. Petrie and his class are building ten more websites every day, Taylor and the football team won’t stop making those fliers…anything we can do to get the word out, we’re doing. If you’re her friend, I think it’s time you’ve joined one of these groups instead of just moping around.”
“But I’m not!” she insisted, looking betrayed that I would even suggest such a thing. “I’ve been at Women’s Aid practically every minute of every day when I’m not at school! Everyone there is trying to spread the word, me included. Mercedes is the greatest friend anyone could ever wish for. I’m not gonna sleep until she’s found. Not for real.”
I nodded, but that didn’t stop the flush of shame that rose in my face. “I’m sorry, Catherine. I shouldn’t have accused you.”
She bit her lip before offering a tentative smile. “I don’t blame you. I know how I must look to everyone else. I would think I was just moping if I could see me.”
A lot of people would dismiss Catherine’s ability to forgive right away as a weakness, but I knew then and there that it was her greatest strength.
“Hey,” I said. “Are you going to Women’s Aid right now?”
She nodded. “I’ve got a lot of work to do. For Mercedes.”
“Why don’t I come with you?” I offered. “Sam’s off doing his own thing right now, and maybe I can offer support so we can find Mercedes and get our homework done on time.”
She smiled again, and this time it was bright. “That would be great. I’ll show you everything we’re doing.”
They were doing a lot, I soon found out. And when I say a lot I mean a lot. Posters, interviews, Facebook, Twitter, you name it. The effort of Women’s Aid alone could have doubled the original manhunt. I found myself a bit overwhelmed, but I was so grateful for Mercedes’ sake. Like in school, my appearance also made me an instant celebrity among the occupants since Sam and I were the only ones who had actually seen Mercedes’ kidnapper with our own eyes. Okay, there was no solid evidence that that Thomas guy was her kidnapper, but I knew it in my soul. So did Sam. I greatly enjoyed the attention I was getting from everyone, and hated myself for it. I would give it all up in a moment if it would bring Mercedes home. 
Six hours later, it was ten-thirty at night. Catherine and I had a chance to work on homework and we actually managed to get all of it done.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m starved,” I said wearily as I packed up my books and notes. Both of us hadn’t eaten since lunch at school. “What’s say we go get a bite before heading home and crashing in our beds?”
“We can get something here,” Catherine insisted. “And we can sleep here, too. There are plenty of spare rooms and bathrooms with private showers.”
“Look, Catherine.” I held up my hands. “We’ve gotten a lot done today. We need a few minutes to stretch our legs and get some fresh air. My mind feels fried right now. I need to be outdoors for at least a little while.”
It took some further gentle persuading, but Catherine eventually relented. I knew I shouldn’t feel bad for having basic human needs like food, exercise, and sleep, but the thought of what that bastard could do to Mercedes twisted in my soul every time I thought about it. So I resolved to get it over with as soon as possible.
We both went to the Starbucks down Grover Avenue, and I was surprised to see a familiar face there.
“Taylor?” I blurted without thinking.
He looked up from his coffee, and despite everything, I actually felt a few butterflies in my stomach stir. To this day, I still couldn’t understand how Mercedes could turn down a guy this hot. 
“Oh, hey…” he gave me a little wave that indicated I was completely irrelevant to whatever he was fretting over. Dear God, that frown was to die for… “…Nadia.”
“Nadine,” I corrected, but without reproach, knowing Mercedes’ disappearance must be very hard for him as well. Normally, I hated slip-ups like that. They were such an ego-bruiser, especially if they came from ones of the hottest guys I’ve ever seen in my life. “Catherine and I were just at Women’s Aid. We were helping with the search effort.”
I inwardly sighed with relief when those dark, dreamy eyes of his came to life a little. “Really? Any luck?”
I shook my head, feeling a wave of despair. “None. But we’ll find her.”
“Damn right we will,” Taylor said in a voice so low and menacing I shivered. After a moment, his gaze grew appraising. “Were you one of the ones who saw the face of her kidnapper?”
“Yeah, I’ll tell you all about him. You need to know. Um…Catherine?” I turned to her a bit guiltily. “Would you mind getting me a decaf and a club sandwich?” I all but shoved my credit card in her hand. “Here, get whatever you want, too. It’s on me.”
“Oh…sure…” She took the card almost fearfully before standing in line. When she was out of earshot, I eagerly began telling my tale.
“I didn’t see him face to face like Sam did, but I got a good description from Mercedes.” I gave him a brief, but thorough outline of everything Mercedes had told me. “Let’s hope that the police’s composite drawing is enough to identify him.”
“I saw it myself. It was quite inaccurate. No human with half a brain could ever hope to identify him based on that drawing even he if were sitting right across from them.”
The voice was melodious, but very deep. It seemed to freeze my blood and make it rush at the same time. I slowly turned in the direction of it and lost my ability to breathe.
He couldn’t be human. No human could ever look that way, not unless their image had been painstakingly altered by the best digital artists on the planet. Hair blacker than the night sky, features chiseled like sculpted marble…oh, beautiful couldn’t even begin to describe him.
Nor dangerous. This man moved with a grace and precision that only belonged to the most lethal of predators. Sinewy muscles rippled under his dark clothing, betraying his phenomenal strength. I got the feeling that if this man wanted me dead, I would be before I could blink.
Without waiting for an invitation, he sat down beside us both.
“Nadine Sanchez and Taylor Berenson,” he stated. “Friends of Mercedes Strand.”
At Mercedes’ name, Taylor at least managed to shake off his awe. “Mercedes? You know her?”
“I do,” he confirmed. “She is dear to me. More dear than I can say. And right now she is missing.”
Black eyes smoldered, revealing emotions of destructive power: grief, rage, fear, and an awesome thirst for vengeance.
Suddenly, I knew who exactly this man was.
“Are you her boyfriend?” I blurted without thinking.
He looked me distastefully, and my heart nearly gave out. “That is a very childish way of putting it. I much prefer the term lover.”
“You’re her lover?” Taylor stood up, not looking happy in the slightest. “How can you be her lover? How old are you? Whatever it is, it’s way too old. If you’re her lover then you’re a pervert!”
The dark man stood up, and the menace radiating from him rendered Taylor’s impressive height and build as insignificant as a flea’s.
“Make no mistake, little boy,” he whispered and Taylor, star football player of Morgana High, who ruthlessly trained his body and mind to be the best of the best against the most brutal of opponents, actually flinched. “Mercedes is my life, my heart. And she is a young woman who is perfectly capable of making rational choices that could put many so-called adults to shame. Is your opinion of her so low that you fear she is incapable of protecting herself from men with dishonorable intentions?”
“Mercedes is the strongest person I know.” Taylor straightened up, still scared, but determined not to back down. I had to smile. “But anyone can be taken advantage of, no matter how strong they are.”
“Be that as it may, our relationship is none of your business or concern. If she decides to share details of it with you, then that will be her decision and hers alone.”
They both sat down. Mercedes’ boyfriend (actually now that I thought about it, lover would be a far more appropriate word for a man like this), still looked like he was seriously considering ripping Taylor’s head off, but at the same time there was a glint of respect in his eyes. For Taylor’s sake, I hope that respect was enough so that he wouldn’t do a disappearing act in some dark alley.
“Now, then, Mercedes is missing, and the one responsible is the one she described to you,” the dark man stated. 
“Were you a witness?” I nearly jumped out of my seat. “Did you see him take her?”
“I did.”
“Then you need to go to the police and tell them!” I exclaimed, furious. Being the most gorgeous thing I had ever seen in my life did not excuse him from withholding information that could lead to the safe return of my best friend. “Where the hell have you been!?”
“I have been conducting my own investigation,” the dark man said. His eyes seemed to keep my very soul in place. “And the results I have gained far surpass your pathetic police.”
“Are you some kind of misanthrope?” Taylor said disapprovingly.
“Believe me, child, if I were a misanthrope, I would never have fallen in love with Mercedes in the first place.”
“Child!? You want to say that again you--!”
“Guys, can we please stick to the issue at hand?” I demanded. “Mercedes is missing. This is about her, not any of us!”
The dark man smiled and that glimmer of respect he had bestowed on Taylor was now all mine. “Thank you for bringing sense into this conversation. You are correct. The issue is Mercedes, not any one of us.”
It took me a moment to get over the feeling that I was on top of the world. Oh my God, he praised me, he praised me, he praised me…!
No. No. Bad Nadine. This guy was Mercedes’ man and it was apparent he was absolutely nuts for her. 
“There is just one thing that I need to know from you,” the dark man continued. “Are you withholding information from the police, Nadine?”
“No,” I said.
“The man who took Mercedes is very dangerous. It is natural that you would be afraid for yourself. It is also natural that you would believe withholding information would mean that Mercedes’ kidnapper would never harm you in vengeance or to protect himself. You do not need to be ashamed. Self-preservation is what humanity strives for above all else.”
Taylor’s mouth fell open. But his anger was nowhere close to mine.
“All right, listen up, you son of a bitch,” I snarled. “Mercedes is my best friend, though I’ll be the first to say I don’t deserve to have someone like her as my friend. There’s so much good in her I don’t even know if she really is human. She would give her life for a stranger in an instant, much less a friend. There is nothing I wouldn’t do for her. I would die for her without a second thought. So, don’t you tell me that it’s natural for me to want to protect myself. You hear me? I would die for Mercedes Strand.”
He stared at me. Then he smiled.
“It appears Mercedes chose her friends well.”
“Damn right she did,” Taylor muttered. 
He smiled again. “You have feelings for Mercedes.”
“What if I do? You gonna kill me?”
“I do not kill innocents, especially innocents who possess such loyalty and respect to the one I love.” He gracefully stood up, dominating the entire café. “You may retain your attraction. It cannot be helped, though it will gain you nothing. Continue to be loyal to Mercedes and you will never need to fear me. That is all.”
Just as he turned away from us, a crowd of five people entered. He moved behind them and seemed to disappear behind the door.
“Damn,” I whispered. 
“If you mean ‘damn what a psycho,’ then I agree with you wholeheartedly,” Taylor muttered. 
“Oh, I don’t know about that,” I said. “But I feel more confident than ever that Mercedes will come home safe, and now I can’t help but feel a teeny bit sorry for her kidnapper. His days are numbered.”
“You really think that one guy can bring her home?”
I looked out at the window. Lethal eyes darker than the sky seemed to be shining at me.
“Yes,” I whispered. “I do.”
Catherine returned a minute later. The café had been so crowded she couldn’t have seen our interaction with Mercedes’ mystery man. And for that I was grateful. The dark man would have made her faint with one look.
The dark man. It was a very fitting title. But what was his name? Why did he talk about people as if he hated them? How could he be so impossibly gorgeous? How could believe so strongly that he could find Mercedes all on his own?
Mercedes…
…who have you fallen in love with?

***

Shadow

Shadow, the sun will rise soon. We must go back.
I ignored Blackhole and continued to comb the area where Mercedes’ two human friends claimed they had seen her meet with the creature called Thomas. Blackhole yipped and stubbornly nudged my leg.
You’re no good to her as a little pile of burning ash!
“Shut up,” I snapped. I continued to probe the air with my Chaos wand. Apart from creating portals, it also had the ability to sense them as well as the remains of one. Brandon and Morgan had spent the past few days scanning the area where Mercedes had been taken. But even after being joined by royal soldiers, none of them had been able to pick up a portal signature. Efforts were now being made to increase sensor power in the latest model of the Chaos wand. If we could discover a portal signature, the Chaos wand would be able to record its frequency. And if the frequency could be replicated with enough power, we could create a portal to wherever Mercedes had been taken.
I was determined to locate the portal signature first. I had to prove my worth to the royal family or they could forbid me against joining the search party for her. I dearly wanted to say to myself that there was not a force on heaven or earth that could prevent me from saving my love, but my newfound sense was doing an adequate job at containing such arrogance. The royal family did not forgive disobedience, and I needed them as an ally, not an enemy.
Of course, that did not make this any less frustrating.
My skin was growing warm. I bared my fangs at the sky, which was paling at a rapid rate. Blackhole pawed at my leg again.
Shadow, please!
I looked down at my Evanescence companion, then I tore off into the woods. 
Once I was back at my apartment, I hurled my Chaos wand across the living room. Blackhole approached me cautiously.
We’ll find her, my friend. Remember, she’s a player of destiny. The gods won’t allow her to die.
I frowned at him. “You serve the gods?”
Yes.
“Is that what you have been hiding from me?”
Yes.
My suspicion deepened. “If you are servants of the Brothers of Duality, then how could my people have enslaved you?”
Our relationship is…complex. We are servants, but we are not the most favored of servants. I can’t say any more than that for now.
I nodded. “I would never ask you to defy the gods themselves. There are no words for the punishment they would bestow on you for such a crime.” I sat down on the sofa. “But if you truly do serve them, would you be able to assist me in my attempts to contact Mercedes?”
He inched toward me, yipping an affirmative. I put my hand on his head and focused.
Lord Chaos. Lord Order. Oh, holy brothers, your unworthy servant seeks guidance. Help me find the one I love. Of thee I beseech.
Mercedes. My love. Hear me.
Hear me.
Hear me.

***

Mercedes

Just as I had managed to fall asleep, I knew I was not alone. At first I thought Blackhole had come back, but no. This presence was different. I got out of bed and went over to the window that overlooked the siren city. 
“Who’s there?” I whispered.
In answer, the mark on my neck began to feel slightly warm. With a gasp, I raced to the washroom and looked at myself in the mirror. The mark was visible. It was incredibly faint, but at least I could make out the outline.
Shadow. He was trying to contact me.
It took all my strength to push down the tidal wave of happiness and relief that swept over me. I desperately tried to calm my racing heart as I closed my eyes and focused.
Shadow. I’m here. My love, can you hear me? I’m here. I’m all right.
I called him over and over again. I even spoke his name out loud several times. Constantly, I told him I was all right, I was safe, he didn’t have to be afraid. Didn’t I tell him that everything was going to be all right? 
Hours may have passed. I didn’t know. Eventually my neck started to grow cooler, but I didn’t despair. I only prayed he heard me, that he knew I was all right. I returned to bed, though I knew I would not sleep. I kept touching my neck in the hopes that I would feel warmth again. Shadow was looking for me. I knew he would find me. 
But my elation at the thought died a quick death when I remembered. In my happiness, I had forgotten several horrifying details.
I was a captive of the dragon king. The dragon king who had already sent out agents to collect information on the vampires. The dragon king who wanted to commit unspeakable genocide against the vampires. Who wanted to murder the people of my love.
And I didn’t tell him.
I nearly broke down in tears of guilt and self-loathing, but I forced them to the back of my mind. All the crying in the world would never undo my mistake, but I would never make it again. My hand touched my neck. The warmth that was now gone had been so faint, there was a strong possibility I never would have felt it if I had been asleep. Meaning I could not afford to sleep if I wanted to get the message to Shadow. That shouldn’t be a problem. I was so worried and so filled with anger and despair that Blackhole couldn’t help me that I doubt I wouldn’t be able to sleep until all of this was over and everyone was safe. 
Blackhole.
My thoughts strayed to the Evanescence. I contemplated what he had told me and compared his words to his actions. He couldn’t help me escape and he couldn’t tell Shadow about the dragon’s plans to kill the vampires. On the other hand, he had come to visit me to offer me the comfort of his presence. I knew it was his way of showing that he was not my enemy, that he would help me if he could.
I have to obey my father, he’d said.
Blackhole was trapped by someone. His father? What did that mean? Who was this father?
The next morning, I forced myself to eat all of my breakfast. In any other circumstances, I would have savored such a meal, but food was only sustenance right now. I had to eat since I knew I wouldn’t be sleeping for a while. It was the only way to keep up my strength. After consuming the last bite, my door opened and in walked Tarasque, tall, blonde, and handsome with his equally perfect copies.
“You don’t look very well,” he remarked. “Did you sleep?”
I shook my head.
His eyes narrowed. “I intend to keep you healthy. If you refuse to sleep, either Eulathrin or myself will put you in an enchanted sleep and you will remain in it until your health returns.”
Horror swept over me. He couldn’t do that! It would mean there was little to no chance I would feel Shadow’s next attempt to contact me!
“I’ll do my best,” I said at last. Maybe I could at least pretend to sleep. If I kept my eyes closed and allowed myself to relax somewhat, maybe I wouldn’t retain the physical tell-tale signs of insomnia. 
But sleep problems aside, I still had my mission. 
“Your Majesty, can you tell me more about this god that’s blackmailing you?”
He looked surprised at the question. “Why do you want to know about him?”
I paused for a moment. I knew where this conversation was going to go, and I wasn’t sure if I was ready to have it. Maybe it was presumptuous to assume that Tarasque possessed a fondness for me, or trusted me. He could accuse me of trying to trick him and have me thrown in a dungeon. But the thought of losing one of my best chances to save the vampires frightened me far more than that. 
There was no choice. I had to tell me now.
“Because if I have more information, maybe I’ll be able to help you.”
As expected, the suspicion on his face was instantaneous. “What is this? Why would you offer to help me? You have made your hatred for me and what I am doing clear.”
“I don’t hate you, Your Highness, I…” I sighed and stood up. “I do hate what you’re doing, but it would be very unfair for me to blame you. You never would have planned for war against the vampires if this god hadn’t blackmailed you. You’re not an evil person. You’re just trying to protect what’s precious to you. I could never hate you for that.”
For a long while, he just stared at me. Then he took my chin in one of his hands and peered into my eyes. I let those brilliant, emerald orbs scan my intentions, my soul. When he was satisfied, he pulled his face away, but didn’t let go of my chin. He let his hand linger on my cheek in an almost tender caress. 
“And because you believe I am not evil, you wish to help me?”
“I know you aren’t evil,” I insisted.
“Really? Then I would have you know that I would have taken you even if Necoc Yaotl had never blackmailed me.”
I sighed again. “All right, taking someone against their will is evil, but one evil act doesn’t make a person evil. Evil is a state of mind.” I reached up to take his hand. His skin felt unusually warm. “If you saw me as just an object to be taken and treated however you pleased, then I would call you evil. Yes, you have held me prisoner, but you’ve treated me with consideration and respect. Or am I wrong?” I let him see the challenge in my eyes. “Do you see me as an object?”
“No,” he said and looked as if admitting that, knowing that, scared him a little. “You are a part of my treasure, but you are not an object. You think, you talk, you fight, you smile…No, Mercedes, you are no thing.”
I smiled at him. “I’m glad to hear it.”
“Regardless, that does not explain why you would want to help me.”
“Because if you don’t kill the vampires, then the vampires will kill you. They…” I paused, knowing I had to choose my words very carefully. I couldn’t give him information on the vampires that would enable him to harm them. “…they are incredibly ruthless. If anyone crosses them, they will have no mercy.”
Tarasque smiled. “Is that all? Girl, you saw what I did to your lover, and something tells me he is what the vampires would call quite formidable. If you are genuinely worried for the safety of my people, then let me lay your fears to rest. We will be able to kill them.”
“You’re basing your so-called future victory on the fact that you could defeat one vampire?” I was incredulous. “That’s the kind of arrogance that will get you killed. That will get your people killed.”
“Enough,” Tarasque said, and a sudden coldness overcame his handsome features. “You are a human child whose lifespan is nothing more to me than the housefly is to you. Do not tell me how to plan my battles or how to rule my people.”
“I won’t,” I said. “But that doesn’t change the fact that I don’t want you or your people to die. You want to beat this god, right?”
Emerald eyes flashed. “Girl, I do not merely want to beat him.”
“Duly noted. But if he believes I’m a key player in the upcoming battle, then you shouldn’t throw my opinions out the window.”
“Meaning you believe I should trust you.”
The statement was delivered in a neutral voice, but I knew it was a test, and honesty was the only hope I had at passing it.
“I won’t lie,” I said. “My first loyalty is and always will be to the people I love. But I can promise that I will help you and your people so long as it doesn’t mean hurting the vampires or my loved ones.”
“The only loved one of yours that is threatened by this conflict is your vampire mate.” Emerald eyes chilled even further. “That is why you are so adamant at saving the species as a whole.”
“No, I—”
He closed the slight distance between us. “Can you look me in the eye and tell me that your desire to save the vampires would be as strong if your lover were not one of them?”
My eyes narrowed, unfazed by his scrutiny. “Yes,” I declared. 
“You truly do believe that,” he murmured. “But I do not.”
My right hand clenched. “Do you believe I’ll help you?”
“I believe I would have your loyalty if it were not for that vampire lover of yours,” He replied.
I felt the blood drain from my face. “You can’t kill him.”
“I will not violate our bargain, but be certain of one thing, Mercedes. I have every intention of gaining your loyalty.”
His eyes weren’t cruel or controlling. His tone was even quite mild. But I knew beyond any doubt that this was a creature who would not easily let go of something that he wanted. Or someone.
“Loyalty has to be earned,” I said to both state a fact and to prevent the silence from becoming cloying.
“So it does,” he agreed. “And until I do have your loyalty, I cannot completely trust you.”
“I understand,” I said. “But will you at least consider telling me more information about this god?”
He nodded. “I will consider it.”

***

Shadow

I felt her.
It was faint, very faint, but I felt her.
I felt her emotions. Her relief, her elation. She was all right. She was unharmed.
“Oh, bless Lord Order, bless Lord Chaos,” I breathed. The link was dead, but I had felt her. “She is alive, Blackhole. She is alive and unharmed.”
I buried my face in my hands, struggling not to weep in relief. If she had been in pain or dead…I could not think about it. It would drive me as mad as effectively as the time Xavier had attempted to use her against me.
Blackhole remained at my side, emitted a soothing, purring noise that was effective in calming me.
I told you.
“That you did,” I said aloud. “We will continue this again until I can hear her voice. Until she can tell me where she is and how to get there.” I bared my teeth. “And where the scum who took her is as well.”

***

Tarasque

In the depths of Mount Draco, I prayed to my father for guidance. 
My son. Are you protecting the sacred grounds?
Yes, Father. The god called Necoc Yaotl demands that I destroy his brother’s children, a race call the vampires, in order to guarantee their safety.
A insignificant price to pay. In fact, this could be blessing in disguise. Make certain you take whatever treasure these vampires possess before you destroy them.
I will do so.
What strategy do you plan to use?
The Mirror has refused to show me where the vampire world is located. I have sent my warriors to the human world since vampires are well known to travel there. My warriors will capture a vampire and interrogate him. We will discover where their world is.
And then you will destroy them.
Soon. My warriors will go undercover in the vampire world. They will discover the secrets and the weaknesses of our enemies. We will go from there.
A wise strategy. Well done, my son.
The happiness I felt was so sudden and so strong, I found it somewhat difficult to breathe.
I thank you, my lord.
It is good that you will be waging war. Hopefully, it will cure you of this shameful desire to interact with lower species.
Upon leaving, the happiness I felt at my father’s praise died a quick, deflated death. Not only was I not cured of my shameful desire, I had fulfilled it. If he ever found out, I would lose all hope of gaining his respect. I would never be a worthy king in his eyes. 
Unless I protected the sacred grounds and killed the vampires.
My spirits lifted somewhat as I flew through the air. My father approved of the upcoming war. He would approve of a victory even more. If the vampires did in fact possess great treasure and proved to be somewhat formidable, my father and forefathers would welcome me with open wings when it was my time to join them, shameful desires or not. All I had to do was win.
And Mercedes would never forgive me.
Such a thought should not bother me in the slightest, but it did. Far more than I cared to admit. I was attached to Mercedes, and I wanted her loyalty, her companionship, and not just because she may be a key to dragon victory. I wanted my father’s approval, but I also wanted her. And like all dragon kings, what I wanted I always got. However, there was an obstacle I had to acknowledge: her vampire lover. The one called Shadow. 
I decided then and there that I despised him. Reckless, arrogant, barbaric fool, thinking he could challenge me, the king of all dragons. Granted, I rightfully punished him for his presumptions, but now he was more than an annoying fly to be swatted. So long as he lived, Mercedes would never be truly mine.
No. So long as she loved him, she would never be truly mine. 
Loved him.
I had witnessed many kinds of love, thanks to the Mirror, but I knew I had never experienced it for myself. Supposedly, it could cause untold pain and pleasure, meaning it was the ultimate paradox. If that were true, I had no intention of experiencing it, but if I could make Mercedes love me…then her loyalty would be all but guaranteed. 

***

Leyan

Gathering vital information on the vampires did not take long. They were determined to hide from humans, yet they seemed to believe that humans were the only potential danger to them. They only came out at night, which made me wonder if the sun’s golden rays were deadly to them, or if they simply did not care for the sun. Their main source of nourishment appeared to be human blood, which they took willingly or unwillingly. 
“Are you impressed, comrade?”
I didn’t look at Kel. Like any seasoned dragon warrior, I kept my eyes on my target. The one who possessed treasure that I desired. My two copies remained hidden in the alley behind me.
“I don’t care if they impress me now,” I said. “I care if they impress me with their fighting abilities. And their treasure.”
Kel moved to the side of me, also keeping his copies safely hidden from view. His human form was nondescript in both physical appearance and in the style of his clothing. He was a warrior who always believed it prudent to blend into a crowd when gathering information. I was of the opposite opinion. My human form was considered incredibly attractive due to its long, golden hair, clear gray eyes, and lithe, mature figure.
I was a hunter disguised as a flower. And the vampire inside that small structure was my prey. 
“Stay in the shadows,” I said to Kel. “That one is going to tell us where his kind dwells.”
I didn’t wait for Kel to reply before sauntering into the structure. So tiny, insignificant. In my natural form, I could effortlessly balance it on one of my frontal claws. And all around me, humans fluttered about their business. I wrinkled my nose at the smell of alcohol. To the human’s credit, their choice of liquor did not have the pungent reek of Bar Root Ale, which was greatly favored by the ogres, but it was distasteful enough. I resolved to retrieve my prey as soon as possible and leave this tavern.
My prey was a seemingly young man, attractive by many human standards. Like me, he possessed pale skin, golden hair, and exotic features. He also seemed to appreciate the company of the fairer sex than the drink surrounding him. Leaning on his shoulders and grinning like crazed banshees were two scantily clad women, clamoring for his attention. I could see the hunger in his eyes, and it was not just hunger for intercourse.
I stopped barely a few feet in front of him.
“Hello,” I purred. “My name is Lenore. May I join you?”
He was mine from there. It did not take long for me to convince him that the two useless lumps beside him could never provide him with the satisfaction that he desired. Less than fifteen minutes later, we were both out of the tavern, his arm around my waist.
“Mmm.” He put his nose near my neck. “You smell good.”
“It’s a bit stuffy out here,” I commented. I teasingly caressed his youthful face. “Why don’t we go somewhere more comfortable?”
He grinned. “That’s sounds great.”
I pressed my body against him. “Why don’t we go to your home? The sun will rise in mere hours, after all.”
His eyes widened. “You know what I am?”
I nodded, smiling. “I’ve had my fair share of vampire companions. But I must say, you are the boldest I have ever met.”
It appeared flattery worked like a charm with vampires. His responding grin was filled with arrogance and pride. “I can show just how bold I can be.”
He took my arm and led me to the alley right where Kel was waiting. I almost laughed. The kings of the past were certainly smiling on me tonight.
He led me to the end of the alley to a stone wall. None of his movements escaped me. I watched him withdraw the thin, dark wand from the inside of his coat. He pricked his thumb on one of his fangs and smeared his own blood on the tip. He then slashed the wall in an X-shaped pattern. In response, a portal opened.
The vampire grinned at me and made to pull me inside. I had him against the wall before he could touch me. 
He incredulity was quite comical.
“What in the hell--!?”
His eyes widened even further when I summoned my copies. Kel and his copies appeared moments later. I put my hand against his mouth.
“Scream and I break your neck,” I hissed.
Fortunately, he possessed enough intelligence to obey. I relieved him of the wand-like object and held it up.
“What is this?” I demanded.
His fear was suddenly mixed with recognition and rage. “You—you’re with him, aren’t you? You’re with the one who took the human, Mercedes Strand.” He bared his fangs at us, and his eyes glowed blue. “You’re dead, you know that? The royal family won’t rest until they’ve got your heads on pikes!”
I exchanged looks with Kel. We both knew that King Tarasque had taken a human from this world. However, we did not know that she was so important to the vampires themselves. 
No matter.
“Kel, do what he did.” I commanded. “Try to open a portal.”
One of my fingernails morphed into a sharp claw, which I used to make a small cut on the vampire’s hand. Kel copied his previous movements. To my relief and anticipation, a portal opened.
I glared at the vampire. “Do we use the same methods to come back here?”
He smirked. “Why don’t you try it an—ACKK—yes!”
I smiled. “Thank you for your cooperation.”
With a twist of my wrist, the vampire’s neck broke. We collected several vials of the vampire’s blood before proceeding inside the newly created portal.

***

Jeremy 

Lord Order must have been watching out for me. Those two freaks had honestly thought breaking my neck would kill me. I did nothing to correct that notion and laid perfectly still until they were gone. Then I called Comet.
Comet. Come on, girl. I need help.
Ever since I bonded with her, I knew it was never wise to underestimate her speed. She was the fastest Evanescence I had ever seen in my one-hundred thirty-two years. Within less than a minute, she was by my side. 
“Hey, girl.” I laughed as she bounced on her spider-like legs and licked my face with her gray tongue. “Some jerks stole my Chaos wand. Can you take us home?”
She yipped an affirmative before obliging my request. 

***

Blackhole

The pieces were coming into play. It was only a matter of time. 
Your cousins can be extraordinarily stupid at times, don’t you agree, my child?
Yes, Titlacauan, I said without taking my gaze from Mercedes’ prone form.
They believe they will take the vampires by surprise, but it appears they should have gathered more information on vampire anatomy. And the wise and powerful dragon king thinks that he can make someone love him without being affected by it himself. Stupid, stupid, stupid, I HATE such stupidity!
I didn’t reply. When my father spoke again, his voice was calm.
Comfort your charge, my child. I will not stop you.
I crept toward the bed. My steps were soft, but Mercedes sat bolt upright when I was barely in front of her. Her gaze locked with mine. I braced myself for anger, disgust. But my father never would have chosen her to be a key if she did not have the heart and soul of angel.
Mercedes sighed and reached for me. “I’m not angry with you.”
I leaped onto the bed and allowed myself to be engulfed in her arms.
“I know you’d help me if you could,” she whispered. “Thank you for being here for me.”
Her arms were so frail, yet there was an inner strength in them that I found quite terrifying. Her compassion was boundless. Her mercy unending. Her love infectious. 
You are a powerful key, Mercedes Strand, I thought. Perhaps even my father is unaware of what doors you will unlock. Once they are open, it may be impossible to close them. 

***

Shadow

With Mercedes gone, I tended to get quite carried away when I hunted for food. As the royal family ordered, if we killed humans, we were supposed to kill ones who would not be missed for long. The second rule was that an Evanescence was supposed to clean up the mess. That was what Blackhole was currently up to. When he returned, he would assist me in my attempts to contact Mercedes.
For several hours, I sat in silence, reaching out to my love. The biggest obstacle I had to overcome was my own frustration. I had to remain calm. I had to focus on the bond I shared with her, the love I had for her. That was what would enable me to speak with her.
This time, however, frustration won, thanks to an insistent knocking at my door. With I growl I got up to answer it. It was Brandon, and he looked quite fearful.
“Did you hear?”
“Hear what?”
“That creature who took Mercedes. Rumors are spreading that more of them have invaded our world. The royal family has summoned us both.”
“Do you know where the rumors originated?” I asked on the way to the palace.
“Supposedly, a vampire was attacked in the human world by six human-looking creatures, but the three men looked exactly the same, and so did the three women. The victim was little more than a youngling, and he claims they were stronger than his own maker.” Brandon looked grim. “His maker is nearly fifteen-hundred years old.”
Meaning he was a rare ancient elite. This was terrible news indeed.
“The royal family is putting a stop to the rumors under pain of death,” Brandon continued. “They’ve sent everyone a message: we’re all ordered to go about our lives and pretend nothing has happened.”
“What!?” I bellowed.
“My thoughts exactly. But Shadow, you have to keep your head when we arrive. Shouting at them will only get you killed.”
“You don’t need to remind me.”
“Then I’ll just say this: Mercedes needs you.”
I clenched my jaw, but did not respond.
Fifteen minutes later, I was kneeling in front of the royal family. And I was surrounded by Kshatriya.
“All rise.”
We obeyed at King Yuan’s command. Queen Radella stepped forward. Her pale blue eyes were glittering. I would not have been surprised if they all of a sudden started spitting shards of ice.
“Warriors and present Harijans, our priests have received a warning from Lord Chaos. These creatures that have invaded our home mean to destroy us. They are powerful enough to do so, but they are also greedy, narcissistic.”
How familiar that sounds, I thought bitterly.
“They wish to steal all of our valuables,” Radella continued. “That is why they do not risk a frontal assault at the moment. We will use their greed to our advantage. But not right now.”
Three cloaked priests stepped forward. The middle one spoke. “Lord Chaos has commanded us to do nothing for the time being. And nothing we shall do.”
Muttering broke out. I felt a sharp pain on my arm. Brandon shook his head furiously, and only after I relaxed did he let me go.
“Harijan Shadow,” King Yuan said. “Step forward.”
I schooled my features as best I could before obeying. I was too angry to notice the jealousy and hatred radiating from the Kshatriya.
“Have you located Mercedes Strand?”
“I have not located her, but I have felt her through the slave mark,” I said. “She is alive and unharmed.”
“Good,” King Yuan said coldly. “Your life depends on her welfare.”
Not my life, my soul, I inwardly corrected. 

***

Brandon

When the Kshatriya were dismissed, their masks of indifference were betrayed by the fury radiating from them. For the first time in my life, I actually felt sympathy for them. We couldn’t speak our minds. Questioning the will of the gods was blasphemy, and blasphemy was punishable by the Lazarus Pit. It was incredibly difficult to keep silent, however. Before the Kshatriya left, the priests gave one last order that was spreading through the vampire world: everyone was to keep their Evanescence companions hidden. 
Once Shadow and I were dismissed and far away from the palace, I spoke my mind.
“Do nothing, keep the Evanescence hidden…” My fangs emerged. “I thought I would jump into the Lazarus Pit myself before thinking that the royal family would joke.”
“But they aren’t joking,” Shadow snarled. “Fools, idiots!”
“My friend, I hope you’re talking about the royal family or even the priests and not Lord Chaos.”
“Lord Chaos would never give such an order unless he wished to destroy us,” Shadow spat. 
My already cold blood went even colder. “You don’t think—”
“If he wished us dead, we would have been killed during the war,” Shadow insisted. 
“Maybe,” I said. “And maybe Lord Chaos doesn’t appreciate the thought of a heretic being given the chance to gain the rank of Kshatriya.”
“Who knows how the gods think? I don’t care. That is the goal of a priest, not a warrior.”
“Or a lover?”
Shadow’s eyes burned. “Or a lover,” he agreed. 
I looked down when I saw my beacon flashing. “That would be the soldiers. We are to continue scanning the area where Mercedes was taken. Morgan’s already there.”
“Good,” Shadow said in a distracted voice. “I will continue my own search.”
My eyes narrowed. “If Lord Chaos himself ordered that you protect Mercedes, I can’t believe the royal family hasn’t sent soldiers to assist you.”
“You saw King Yuan’s face,” Shadow said with cold indifference. “They secretly wish me to fail so I can be put to death for blasphemy. As you said, Lord Chaos ordered me and me alone to protect Mercedes, and I failed. The royal family view it as a loophole.”
“It’s an extremely hypocritical one,” I said, and my voice was far more passionate. “One that could get Lord Chaos to damn them.”
“I will not pretend that is not a cheerful thought.”
“Shadow, I’ll call you when the soldiers order us back. I can help you with whatever you’re doing.”
He smiled at me, and I was stunned by the genuine warmth in it.
“I thank you, my friend, but unless you can change the course of the sun in the mortal world or be in two places at once, you will not be able to assist me.”

***

Shadow

Blackhole was waiting for me when I entered my apartment.
“Have the gods spoken to you?” I asked.
Blackhole gave a disappointed whine. I sighed.
“It appears we are becoming as un-favored as you claim to be.” I sat down. Blackhole bounded beside me. “According to the priests, the creature who took Mercedes has sent minions to our world. The vampires and the Evanescence have been ordered not to fight back. We have been ordered to do NOTHING!”
I jumped up and hurled the sofa across the room. As Blackhole skulked away from me, I began to pace.
“I must find Mercedes. I must find where that creature lives.” Yanking my newly updated Chaos wand (the only assistance the royal family offered) from my belt, I thought furiously. 
That frequency was of utmost importance. If I found it, we would be able to make a portal and perhaps Lord Chaos would enable us to fight for ourselves.
Tomorrow, I vowed. Tomorrow when the sun sets in the mortal world, I will find it. I will find the home of the beast that took my love.


*********

Chapter 10

Love can kill and love can save
To truly know you ride its wave
If asked beware of what you answer
Ignorance is no small cancer

Tarasque

Each warrior I sent to the vampire world all gave the same report: the vampires were weak, defenseless. They possessed no magic, and their strength was only slightly less puny than a human’s. If they possessed great treasure, it was hidden in the palace of the royal family. Unfortunately, that was the only place they could not breach unless they desired to attract attention.
I stared at the Mirror, willing it to obey me, to show me the vampire world.
Tell me, oh great Mirror, what magnificent treasures does this race possess?
Oh great Mirror? What a nice title! Perhaps I will add that one to my list of many names.
Necoc Yaotl.
The Mirror became filled with that gray smoke. Fearsome feline eyes glared at me within the swirling clouds. 
Do you still refuse to believe that I am the Mirror? You must because if you truly did believe it, you would not be here right now. Or is it that you are simply addicted? You cannot let it go. It is like a drug, is it not?
Laughter rang through the entire chamber, and I unleashed my fury in a jet of flame.
When the smoke cleared, the Mirror was completely undamaged.
Oh, King Tarasque, what a complex creature you are.
“You are not the Mirror!” I roared. 
So you tell yourself. But enough bantering; we have important business to attend to. Your warriors are not impressed with my brother’s children.
I expelled several volumes of smoke in order to calm myself before replying. “They find them to be quite pathetic.”
And who can blame them? The mighty dragons against a race that does not even possess magic! How disappointed they must be.
But you must destroy them, Your Majesty. The sooner they are destroyed, the sooner your sacred grounds are safe from my wrath.
And the sooner I earn my father’s favor. The sooner my forefather will be willing to welcome me with open wings. The sooner Mercedes will wish to be mine. 
But first I needed to make her love me. 
Apart from discovering a way to make Necoc Yaotl pay for his crimes, that was the greatest dilemma I currently faced. We would conquer the vampires with ease, but making Mercedes love me would be no easy task. For the first time since knowing her, I genuinely regretted that she was different from other humans. If she were, I could make her love me by offering her treasures and power beyond her wildest imagination.
Then again if she was like other humans, I never would have wanted her. 

***

Mercedes

Cold water was not a substitute for sleep, but at least it helped to stave off the need for it. I looked at my face in the mirror. My eyes were looking slightly shadowed. I knew I would have to risk falling asleep tonight, else Tarasque would make good on his threat.
Tarasque. The one who was planning to destroy the vampires.
When my neck didn’t grow warm for three days straight, I knew I would have to insist on Tarasque telling me about this mysterious god who was blackmailing him. Like with Xavier, waiting for Shadow to come up with something was not an option, and this time the entire vampire race was at stake. I would not be useless.
I’ll get him to tell me about this god, I vowed. Maybe I haven’t gained his trust yet, but I’m running out of time. I have to take the chance.
When the door opened, it wasn’t Eulathrin who stepped inside. I stood ramrod straight as the king of the dragons approached me.
“There is something I need to know, Mercedes,” he said softly.
“There’s something I need to know, too,” I said, my tone far firmer. “And you’re not getting any information from me until you answer my questions.”
Emerald eyes darkened like a thundercloud. 
“You will watch your tone, child.”
“I’m not afraid of you,” I snapped. “And if you succeed in wiping out the vampires, you won’t have any hold on me anymore. I don’t believe for a moment that you’ll spare Shadow. You intend to kill them all, right?”
He didn’t answer, but I took his silence as an automatic affirmative.
“There’s nothing you can do to me,” I whispered. “But if you want information, the bargain remains the same. Only this time my questions get answered first.”
Despite my words, I was deeply unnerved by how still he was, how his unreadable face clashed with his stormy eyes. There was nothing I could do but wait.
“What information do you want?” he asked at last.
Thank God.
“I want to know everything you know about the god who’s blackmailing you.”
He continued to glare at me, but I had a feeling he was testing me again. Are you truly unafraid? He seemed to ask. You would risk your life to get this information?
“You have not earned my trust,” he said. “But…you impress me. Very well. I will answer your questions.”
For the next hour, I picked his brain, but only a few facts really stood out. And all of them revolved around the mysterious Mirror that Tarasque used as a portal. Unfortunately, I would have to contemplate them when I was alone again.
“My turn now,” Tarasque said. “What is love?”
I was stunned. “What?”
“You heard me clearly the first time.”
I blinked, no less astonished. He wanted to know about…love?
“I did, but you’ll have to be more specific,” I said. “There are many different kinds of love. Do you want to know about a specific one or…?”
“I most curious about the kind of love between lovers. If it is easier, you can describe the love that you share with your vampire mate.”
I bit my lip. This was so odd. But I couldn’t deny it was good as well. If Tarasque didn’t know about love, I would have to fix that as best as I could.
“Shadow and I…that is the love between us…” I took a deep breath and laced my fingers together. “It’s a connection that goes both ways. His pain is my pain, and his happiness is my happiness. But I know I truly love him because of what I feel in my heart. When I look at him…I feel it’s about to burst.”
“And how did this feeling come about? How did it start?”
“It first started with admiration and respect. He’s lived through hell many times over, but he never gave up hope for something better. Who wouldn’t admire such strength?”
Tarasque’s gaze was calculating. I didn’t like it one bit.
“And how did the connection form?”
I shrugged. “It just…did. I can’t explain it. Love isn’t really something you can explain. In fact, it’s known to surprise you when you least expect it.”
“I am not satisfied with that answer.”
I sighed. “I’m sorry.”
“That isn’t good enough either.” His handsome features grew cold. “I’m very glad that I did not tell you everything about Necoc Yaotl. You have yet to prove yourself trustworthy.”
He told you enough, my inner voice piped up when he was gone.
I sat down on my bed. A storm was brewing in my mind. It consisted of everything Tarasque had told me about this god.
Necoc Yaotl.
That name was familiar. I knew it. I knew it.
The Mirror. Necoc Yaotl’s presence made smoke appear. 
Smoking mirror.
Smoking mirror.
The storm broke at the sudden flare of warmth on my neck. I gasped and clutched the mark. The gasp turned into a sob when I heard his voice.
Mercedes?
Shadow!
My soul was suddenly filled with relief and joy that was not my own. Coupled with my own relief and joy, it was as if I were on fire.
My love, my love, oh bless Lord Order. My love. Are you all right?
“I’m fine,” I sobbed. “I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. I’m okay.”
I could feel him struggling to control himself as I was. When he next spoke, his voice was calmer.
We do not have much time. Contact like this through a slave mark is mostly unheard of between a vampire and a human. You must tell me how I can retrieve you, how I can kill the one who took you from me.
The one who took me from him. The one who was planning to…
Shadow, listen to me. You need to warn the royal family. The guy who took me is really a dragon, as in a monstrous fire-breathing lizard. He’s the king of the dragons and he wants to wipe out the vampires. He already has his warriors scouting your world. He’ll launch a full-scale invasion soon. Please, warn the royal family!
Silence on the other end. For a moment, I was terrified the link had broken.
I thank you, my love. I will inform the royal family, but they are already aware of the invaders, though they do not know they are dragons. Lord Chaos has ordered that we take no action.
I felt my heart stop. Take no action!?
It is madness, yes, but….must obey…cannot afford to…
Shadow!
Tell me…location...my love…will save you…
Shadow? Shadow!
I called his name again and again long after my neck grew cool. There was nothing. No. There was something: fresh despair.
My warning had been delivered.
And no action would be taken.

***

Shadow

The roar I emitted when the link was broken made Blackhole cringe away from me. He did that a lot lately, and I had no one to blame but myself. Unfortunately, there was no time for me to give an adequate apology at the moment.
“I must leave,” I said shortly and didn’t look back as I exited my apartment.
I did not expect to accomplish anything. The only hope that had increased was the one I possessed for Mercedes’ safe return. I had heard the voice of my angel of light, and while still imprisoned, she was alive and well. And I would save her. 
When I arrived at the palace, a guard informed me that the royal family would see me right away. Good. The sooner I got this over with the better. The sun would be setting in the mortal world in a few short hours. I would find that frequency tonight.
“Harijan Shadow,” Queen Radella greeted. “You have something to report?”
“I have spoken to Mercedes through the slave mark,” I said shortly. “She gave me valuable information.”
“You spoke to her through the slave mark?” The queen was incredulous. 
“It does not just strengthen the bond between an Evanescence and a vampire,” I said. “I contacted Mercedes. She informed me that the creature who took her is the king of the dragons and he desires to destroy the vampires.”
The information seemed to crack through Radella’s ruthless, icy composure, but only for a second.
“Be that as it may,” she uttered. “Lord Chaos has spoken. Until the priests report otherwise, we must do nothing.”
Only the thought of Mercedes enabled me to hold my temper. Once I was clear of the palace, I took it out on some unfortunate debris.

***

Radella

It must have taken extraordinary will power for the Harijan to accept what he had been told and walk away. Harijans would always be heretics, but sometimes they possessed admirable qualities. And this time, I could not help but agree with this particular Harijan. 
I made my way back to my chambers. An attendant was waiting for me outside the doors.
“My lady.” She bowed low. “Do you wish anything of your servant right now?”
“As a matter of fact, yes,” I said with a smile. “Are you loyal to me?”
“Of course?”
“You would lay down your life for me?”
“My lady, there is nothing I would not do for you. Nothing.”
“Very well, then.”
Three seconds later, the attendant was lying on the floor, her blood staining the carpet. Her head continued to roll lazily down the hall.
“Has something happened?”
I turned around. King Yuan slowly approached me, though not out of caution. He was completely unfazed by the blood down my front and the corpse at my feet.
“The Harijan called Shadow,” I seethed. “He communicated with his human through her slave mark. She claims that the ones who attack us are dragons.”
King Yuan nodded gravely. “If we are to face blasphemers, then we must consult with the priests again.”
We made our way to the Chambers of Chaos. Three priests greeted us outside the massive, obsidian doors.
“My lord and lady,” one greeted. “Our brothers and sisters are about to meditate right now—”
“Our enemies are dragons,” I spat. “The bastard children of that demon, Quetzalcoatl. We must consult with the priests right now!”
The middle priest bowed. “As my lady wishes.”
The doors swung open, bathing the otherwise pitch dark room in light. Our footsteps echoed off the obsidian walls as we approached a circle of kneeling priests. Their hoods were drawn and their faces were painted black. Fresh blood glistened in their hair. Undoubtedly, it was the blood from the dead vampire in the middle of the circle. The corpse was nude, painted black, and the gaping hole in his chest indicated that his heart had been ripped out.
I stared at the ritualistic sacrifice, completely unfazed. I always knew this was one of the various methods used to communicate with Lord Chaos. And I was a vampire. Gore and blood were a part of my very nature.
“Servants of Duality,” I uttered as I approached the priests. “Speak for the Brothers. I command it.”
“You command it?”
The rush of power from the voice was more than enough to draw our full attention to the end of the Chambers of Chaos. It was the only area that was still dark, but the outline of ten thrones with ten occupants was clearly visible.
A brown hand adorned with a variety of obsidian rings emerged from the shadows to rest on the end of the throne’s armrest.
“Who are you to command the servants of Duality to speak for the Brothers, little princess?”
Rage filled me, and I bared my fangs. “I am a vampire queen,” I hissed.
Thick brown fingers made a slight movement and an enormous dark shape fell from the ceiling. It was an Evanescence the size of a small elephant. And it looked like it was very hungry. The fingers made the same movement again and five more Evanescence landed on the polished, black floor, hissing.
“Show your maker some respect, dear daughter. Do not let your privileges get to your head. I can take them away as easily as I gave them.”
I seethed inwardly, but kept my outward appearance cold and aloof. 
“My lords.” King Yuan broke the silence. “Harijan Shadow’s human lover has informed him that the ones who attack us are dragons.”
“Quetzalcoatl’s children?” A female voice emitted from the throne on the farthest end. “That is definitely a dismay. Nevertheless, we have our orders from Lord Chaos.”
King Yuan’s eyes widened. “My lady, with all due respect—”
“You question Lord Chaos’s orders?”
Yuan was silent for a while, but eventually gave a respectful nod. “Of course not.”
“Make no mistake, my children. These dragons have committed an unforgivable crime. They have stolen a blessed one from us. Were it not for Lord Chaos’s order, we would destroy these blasphemers. Let us pray that our lord deems us worthy to avenge his grace. That is all we can do for now.”
“This is insane,” I raged when we were out of earshot. “How could Lord Chaos give such orders!? We never thought we would be able to destroy Quetzalcoatl’s spawn. More than that, they committed a crime against our god himself by stealing that human girl—Lord Chaos should give us his full blessing!”
 “That he should,” Yuan said grimly. “And I have little doubt that he will eventually.”
“But how many of our people will die before he does?” I demanded.
Yuan shook his head. “Only he knows that. And perhaps the true royal family as well.”
I hissed in response to his reminder. That Ariadna, Yuan, and I were little more than figureheads for our makers, the true royal family. Only a very select few had ever seen our makers face to face and even fewer were aware of their existence. Our makers were content with that. We were wise and powerful enough to rule vampire society. Our only limit was that we had to consult with the true royal family before doing anything that could be considered drastic.
Like going against Lord Chaos.
I must trust my lord, I thought to myself. I must trust that the sacred brother will not abandon us during this crisis. 
Like Quetzalcoatl abandoned the Harijans.

***

Tarasque

War was brewing in the dragon kingdom. The time was almost here. All of my warriors wanted to be a part of the upcoming battle. More than that, they wanted to know what magnificent treasure the vampires kept hidden.
I had other things on my mind.
While Mercedes had not given me the answer I desired, she certainly gave me a lot to think about. It was good to know that her love for her vampire mate began with admiration and respect. Perhaps if I showed her the wonders of my kingdom, she would grow to admire and respect me. Should I show her my true form? No, it was too soon. We needed to become better acquainted, else I could frighten her.
But she’s not afraid of you right now and she saw what you did to her lover, my inner voice supplied.
True. But it was still too soon. Much too soon. What else could I do?
Nothing, my inner voice suddenly sounded like my father. You can do absolutely nothing. You must kill the vampires in order to protect the sacred grounds, and the human loves the vampires. No matter what you do, she will never admire or respect you. Once the vampires are gone, she will be gone as well. And you will be rid of your shameful desire. 
You are that afraid of losing her, are you?
The Mirror filled up with smoke. I bared my massive teeth.
“Leave me be.”
You are in quite a dilemma, are you not? You need to destroy my brother’s children in order to protect the sacred grounds, yet your new human pet worships the vampires. You know that no matter what wonders you show her, she will hate you. She will never love you.
“Then I will find another to be a part of my treasure.”
I’m disappointed in you, Your Highness. You never were one to bluff. You have absolutely no intention of finding another. You want Mercedes and only Mercedes.
“This is what you intended all along?” I seethed. “You wanted me to take her because you knew of her love for the vampires?”
I told you to take her because she is a key to dragon victory. 
“Liar!”
Whether you believe me or not is irrelevant. You need only believe what you saw me to do your father’s statue, and that I will do the same to the rest of your sacred grounds if you do not kill my brother’s children.
It was a sadistic choice. I wanted Mercedes. I wanted her more than any treasure I had ever gained throughout my thousands of years of existence. She was the only thing that brought me genuine joy. If I lost her, my world would be bleak beyond imagining.
But I needed the sacred grounds. I needed the wisdom of my father and forefathers. All future dragon kings would need them. In forsaking the sacred grounds, I would forsake the future of the dragon race, all for my own selfishness.
There was only one choice.
“I will do as you say,” I said in a hollow, defeated voice. The words cut me inwardly. 
Excellent. You will invade tomorrow at night when the sky is darkest. And, Your Highness? I want them killed in a very specific way: rip out their hearts and then burn them.
The smoke vanished. I looked around at my treasure horde. Beautiful, endless, shimmering, wonderful…
…and utterly irrelevant. 
With a roar, I slammed my powerful tail into a large pile of gold and jewels. Then I turned back to the Mirror.
There is a way, I thought furiously. There has to be a way for me to keep Mercedes and protect the sacred grounds. Show me. I am the king of all dragons. You will SHOW ME! HOW DO I MAKE HER LOVE ME!?
The Mirror shifted into an area I would remember forever: it was where I had first entered the human world. Where Mercedes and I first met. And someone was there. He was dressed in dark armor and holding up a thin black object.
Shadow. Mercedes’ vampire mate.
I doubted this was Necoc Yaotl’s doing. If he wished to taunt me, he would want me to know for certain it was him was who doing the taunting. It was not him. It was not even the Mirror. It was my own subconscious. This creature, this vampire, had Mercedes. He had her love, her devotion. And I never would. 
And if I could not have Mercedes, no one would.

***

Shadow

Before Mercedes entered my life, I did not believe in miracles. She was a miracle in and of herself, but the fact that she could love a creature such as me was an unheard of miracle. Mercedes existed, so miracles did exist. Even though it was less than an hour before the sun would rise, my Chaos wand would pick up the frequency that bastard left behind. If he made a portal in this area.
He did. I knew he did. My instincts were screaming that he did at me, and I always followed my instincts.
Forty-five minutes.
Mercedes.
Thirty minutes.
My angel of light.
Twenty minutes.
I will find you.
Ten minutes.
I will not fail you.
And just as my skin was beginning to blister…
Beep! Beep, beep!
When I entered my apartment, nearly two thirds of my body was covered in third-degree burns. Blackhole bounded up to me, barking in concern.
“My state is of no importance.” I tried to make my voice as commanding as I could as I staggered to the kitchen. “I found…what I was…looking for…”
A knock at my door. Before I could stop him, Blackhole answered it.
“Shadow?”
My name was followed by a curse. Before I could fall, I was caught by a pair of powerful arms.
“You idiot, what have you done!?” Brandon hissed.
He settled me into a chair and rushed to retrieve several blood bags from the icebox. After downing one, I was able to speak clearly again.
“I found the frequency.”
Brandon blinked. “I’m sorry?”
“The frequency to the portal that bastard used to get into the human world.” I held up my Chaos wand and grinned. “It is all right here.”
My friend gaped. “You mean to tell me you found an area where he created a portal and you didn’t tell the royal family!?”
“They would not have assisted me,” I said coldly. “They did not assist me from the beginning. After all, Lord Chaos specifically stated that I and I alone needed to protect Mercedes. And that is precisely what I intend to do.”
Brandon took my Chaos wand and activated the frequency. “Good point,” he said. “In fact, we should copy this before we give it to the royal family.”
“We should also attempt to construct a portal all on our own,” I said. “I would not be surprised if they forbade me from going after the bastard myself.”
“Huh. So, Xavier no longer holds that privileged title does he?”
“The bastard I address at any given moment is the bastard who holds the title. Who said bastard is, is irrelevant.”
We quickly copied the frequency before handing it over to fellow Untouchables who were more technically adept than we were. Excited to be granted the opportunity to serve the gods, they assured us we would be informed when they were ready to test the prototype.
“I was thinking,” Brandon said on our way out of the lab. “Do you think we should give this to the royal family? Even if you are blessed by the gods, you’re still a Harijan. They could take it as a personal insult that you found what their soldiers could not. They could kill you.”
“That they could,” I replied. 
Brandon pursed his lips. “Then again, I doubt we could keep something like this from them. Also, if, when Lord Chaos permits us to fight back, they’ll need a portal if they are to fight the enemy where he lives.”
I stared at the wand, contemplating my choice.
“The royal family will not allow Mercedes to die,” I said with conviction. “If it were not for Lord Chaos’s direct order, they would launch a full-scale army into dragon territory. Their king has stolen a blessed one. They will not, cannot let that go unpunished.”
“What about you?”
“I am irrelevant.”
“Not to me, and certainly not to Mercedes,” Brandon said, looking at me with deep disgust. “Don’t tell me you’re falling back into your old suicidal ways.”
I looked at my friend and thought of Mercedes. My angel of light. I knew how much she loved me. I could not deny it no matter how much I believed I was unworthy of her love. I would cause her great pain if I died.
“I have no plans to die,” I said. “But you are correct. We would not be able to keep this a secret from the royal family. And the more people looking for Mercedes the better.”
Brandon nodded. “So I guess that’s—”
He was cut off by a deafening boom in the distance, followed by a collective howl of such intensity it rattled the windows in the surrounding buildings. We exchanged looks with our fellow vampires surrounding us, and we knew what was happening. 
Something shot down the street with the frightening speed of a bullet and landed with a wet smack on the pavement. It was a heart.
Vampires of all races, ages, sexes, and classes drew their weapons, bared their fangs, and hissed a challenge. I sympathized more than I could say.
“YOU HAVE ALL HEARD THE WILL OF LORD CHAOS!” I bellowed. “WE MUST NOT FIGHT! FLEE UNTIL WE ARE ORDERED TO FIGHT!”
They all looked at me, exchanged glances with one another, snarled various curses, and turned to flee.
“You certainly have a way with people,” Brandon commented as we both proceeded to follow the advice I had just given to our fellow vampires.
“I wanted to save their lives,” I snarled. “Perhaps that is why Lord Chaos ordered us not to fight back. Right now, we are no match for this enemy.”
A look of panic entered Brandon’s eyes. “Shadow, Morgan said she was returning home after the sun rose!”
“Ensure her safety, then. I will deliver this to the royal family. GO!”
Brandon nodded. “May Lord Order keep you safe.”
I didn’t turn to watch him go. I had to get the Chaos wand to the royal family. I could not stop for anything. 
As I ran, I closed my eyes and focused on the link I had with Blackhole.
Hear me, my friend. Hear me.
Shadow?
Listen to me. You must get to safety. Our world is being destroyed. I could not bear it if you were killed.
I’ll come to you.
NO! Hide. That is an order. I—
An enormous whooshing sound above my head. Before I could stop myself, I looked up.
It was as large as the main city itself. Leathery wings that could shield two separate human towns from the rain beat the air, creating massive whirlwinds that could be felt down below. The light in the vampire world was scant and unnatural, but it reflected off the scales that covered the entire body, giving them not just a hard, metallic look, but an invincible look. Jaws filled with teeth that could crush a mountain opened and the sky was suddenly alight with fire.
The dragon flew on. It was headed toward the royal palace.

***

Mercedes

That night I dreamed of fire. Fire blazing through the sky, buildings, people, everything. The buildings crumbled, but the people screamed. They screamed as if the fire was burning more than just their bodies. I was screaming, too. Screaming due to my terror, my anger, my helplessness. I had failed these people. They would be destroyed because of me. 
I awoke with a gasp. My thin, golden nightdress was bathed in sweat. My hand flew to my neck in the vain hope that it was warm. It wasn’t.
I sat on the edge of the bed and buried my face in my hands. Tears were useless, I knew, but if they were all I had to give to those people…
I looked up when I felt a gentle touch on my leg. Blackhole was there, radiating solemnity.
It’s happening.
My heart turned to ice. I put my hand on Blackhole’s head, praying that I misheard. I hadn’t.
“Tarasque is killing the vampires?” 
Yes. But don’t worry about Shadow. He won’t be killed.
My eyes narrowed. “Is that what your father said?”
He shrunk away from me a bit.
“Who is your father?”
He shrunk away even more. I gathered my nerve before asking a question that a part of me had known the answer to for some time.
“Blackhole, is your father Necoc Yaotl?”
He emitted a low, pained growl.
My mind raced as it had before Shadow contacted me. A mysterious god-like entity blackmails the king of the dragons into kidnapping me and wiping out the vampires. Said dragon king uses a device called the Mirror as a portal to visit other dimensions. He also uses it to communicate with Necoc Yaotl and it emits smoke when he does. 
Necoc Yaotl. Necoc Yaotl. I knew that name, I had heard it from an ancient mythology…
Necoc Yaotl.
Smoking mirror.
Necoc Yaotl.
Quetzalcoatl.
Just as my mind made the horrifying connection, a voice boomed inside my head.
Well done, little key.
A face filled up my vision. The demonic face of a jaguar wreathed in dark gray smoke. Eyes of the darkest obsidian gleamed at me with respect and cruelty.  
You said my brother’s name, but you have yet to say my name.
I couldn’t even begin to describe how naked I felt beneath that gaze. It made me want to crawl to the depths of the earth, but I knew even there I wouldn’t be safe. 
Tezcatlipoca, I thought, grateful beyond measure that I didn’t have to use my speaking voice to talk to him. Also known as Smoking Mirror. Then again, you have many names, don’t you? Like the one you use with the dragon king. Necoc Yaotl, also known as Enemy on Both Sides.
Tezcatlipoca grinned. You will find I’m quite fond of irony, little key. 
Why do you call me that?
Ah, that would be telling, wouldn’t it? And you have already figured out so much. Why should I spoil the surprise?
He was right. I had figured out quite a bit.
I remembered the obsidian statue of the jaguar with the missing paw I had seen in the palace of the royal family. According to Aztec mythology, Tezcatlipoca’s animal counterpart was the jaguar, and the god had supposedly allowed his own foot to be bitten off in order to create the world. With his brother, Quetzalcoatl. Said foot was replaced with one of two things: a serpent or a mirror of obsidian. 
And the name you use for the vampires is Lord Chaos, I guessed. And I’m assuming Lord Order is Quetzalcoatl?
The grin turned into a hateful grimace. He was Lord Order. 
Anger coursed through me, making it slightly more bearable to look into those horrible eyes. That explained why no vampire has ever heard the voice of Lord Order. Quetzalcoatl never intentionally abandoned Shadow’s fraction, did he? 
DO NOT SPEAK OF THAT YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND! Tezcatlipoca bellowed. The vampires are my children. MINE! ALL MINE! My self-righteous, sanctimonious brother tried to destroy me and mold them in his own image. But when I returned, I took my children back and extracted my revenge. His children are now but twisted shadows of their former selves and will live out their rest of their existence as slaves to my children.
Fresh horror swept through me. The Evanescence…
Hard to believe, is it not? You should have seen them as they once were. So majestic, so beautiful, so powerful. They were my brother’s greatest creation. Far more creative than their stupid, arrogant former brothers who think they are going to destroy the vampires.
The dragons. He was talking about the dragons. Quetzalcoatl’s other children. 
You want the dragons to become slaves to the vampires, too? I demanded.
Obsidian eyes flashed at me. Eventually. But first they need to go through the same schooling that their Evanescence cousins did. And for this great gift, my children will give me ten thousand hearts! Sweet dreams, little key. I will enjoy watching you put His Royal Highness through untold pain and humiliation.
He left my mind. I collapsed on the floor, unconscious. I awoke to a rough, wet tongue gently lapping at my cheek. 
“Blackhole,” I whispered, getting to my knees. 
The Evanescence whimpered and shied away from me, as if he feared I hated him. I stared at the black, armored body, the thin legs, the powerful tail, the gray mouth.
You should have seen them as they once were. So majestic, so beautiful, so powerful.
“Hey,” I whispered. “Come here.”
He did. I held him close, pressing my forehead against his. 
I’m sorry.
The despair and remorse in his voice was evident. I tightened my arms around him.
“It’s all right,” I murmured softly. “I forgive you.”
He buried his face further into my stomach. Shadow won’t.
“I’ll talk to him,” I said. “I’ll make him understand. You don’t want to serve Tezcatlipoca. Shadow’s been tricked, too. He has no idea that he’s really been worshipping Quetzalcoatl’s brother this whole time.” Nausea twisted in my gut. “I wonder how many vampires do know.”
Father likes to play games that are only fun for him, Blackhole said. He always has.
“I can imagine,” I said bitterly. “Wanting to twist the dragons and make them slaves to the vampires…first having them kill ten thousand vampires as a sacrifice…” I shuddered violently. 
Blackhole reluctantly moved out of my embrace. I need to make sure Shadow is safe now.
I nodded. “Please. I beg of you. Don’t let anything happen to him.”
When he was gone, I immediately called for Eulathrin. Maybe if I warned Tarasque what it would cost his people, he would stop the bloodshed. But what other horrors would Tezcatlipoca threaten if he didn’t get his sacrifice?
I shuddered again. 

***

Shadow

Officially, my class rank was Harijan. But only a fully trained Kshatriya would be able to dodge the horror erupting around me in order to deliver a Chaos wand to the royal family in one piece. And I was a fully trained Kshatriya.
I crouched behind some rubble, waiting for the twelve enormous serpents in front of me to become fully distracted by the dozens of fleeing vampires.
Not only were our enemies stronger and more powerful that we were, they were shape shifters also. It was a devastating revelation. And it seemed that their favorite shape to slaughter vampires with was that of an enormous serpent. I could only watch helplessly as those fangs ripped open the chests of my people and tore out their hearts. 
We could fight. There were defense mechanisms on every corner: force fields, electro fields, laser cannons, just to name a few. Even the civilians could fight. And the royal family had an army of untold strength. We could unleash a sea of Evanescence on these cowards. There would be untold casualties, but compared to this pointless slaughter…
But Lord Chaos. We had to obey Lord Chaos. 
The desire to curse the god was so great I could barely contain it. 
I brought my blade to bear when I heard a rustle behind me, but relaxed when I saw it was Blackhole.
“What are you doing here?” I hissed. “I told you to hide!”
He growled and walked up to me. I put a hand on his head.
You need to get out of here.
I need to deliver this Chaos wand to the royal family. It contains information that could save us all. That could save Mercedes.
I’ll deliver it, then. You need to be protected. I’m sorry, Shadow.
Before I could form another thought, my world went dark.

*** 

Blackhole

I hoisted the limp body of my friend and comrade onto my back and made a portal before one of the serpents could spot us. We emerged into a dank, dark corridor whose only source of light were the torches that lined the walls. I began to walk, but it didn’t talk long before I drew the proper attention.
“Halt!”
I obeyed. Two male beings approached me bearing staffs in their scaled, clawed hands. The light from the fire bathed the glossy feathers on their legs and wings in red-gold light. Both of them blanched at the sight of me. 
“Fallen brother?” the one on the right exclaimed. His amber eyes were wide with shock making him appear younger than he already was.
The one on the left was older and more seasoned. His eyes instantly hardened. “Leave, fallen brother,” he commanded, raising his staff. “I know you do the bidding of our evil uncle. You will bring untold death and misery on us all.”
“Are you mad?” the younger siren hissed. “Do you want to provoke Smoking Mirror?! He could be listening right now!”
We are safe, I assured them. My father is occupied right now. Even he cannot be in every place at once.
“You call our evil uncle ‘father’,” the elder sneered. “If that is irrefutable evidence that there is no hope for you, I do not know what is.”
I did not come here to argue with you, siblings! I snapped. Gently, I lowered Shadow onto the floor. This cousin of yours needs your help. You will keep him safe.
“COUSIN!” the elder bellowed. The yellow gem on the tip of his staff began to glow a brilliant gold. “You bring a monster into our midst! Twisted spawn of Smoking Mirror, leave before I—!”
Before he could finish, I plowed into him. I heard the young one move behind me, but my tail wrapped around his throat before he could attack.
Dispel the light of the dayfire gem! I commanded, baring my many teeth. Now, before I erase you from existence!
Scowling, the elder obeyed. “That is your greatest talent, is it not, fallen brother?” he taunted. 
Your cousin…my friend, he cannot stand the daylight. That’s why I brought him down here. You will keep him safe.
“And if we don’t?” the young one piped up.
I growled at him. He cannot stay in his own world right now and my father has plans for him. He must stay here. My legs pinned the siren’s arms. My father has let you be, but if you fail to keep this one safe, you will risk his wrath. Am I understood?
He glared furiously at me. “The queen will need to be informed.”
Inform her, then. I let him up. She too is well aware of the consequences of crossing my father.
“The only fear we have, fallen brother, is to share your fate,” the elder said. “If that threat did not exist, we would curse your father to the darkest of hells.”
I’m sure you would, I said dryly. That is, if he were not already lord of the darkest of hells. I picked Shadow back up. He will need to be secured. But he will not be harmed in any way.
The sirens led me to a cell, and I deposited my burden onto the small cot. Blood wouldn’t be a problem. Only one human resided in this entire dimension, but she would gladly lay down her life for her love. 
“We will do what it takes to preserve our people,” the elder siren said. “But you have overstayed your welcome, fallen brother. Leave now.”
I obeyed. When I returned to the vampire world, the scent of death was heavy in the air. Fire and blood paved the streets. The dragons were still hard at work.
Smell it, my child, smell the glorious scent of sacrifice. It has been far too long since your brothers have repaid me for the blessings I bestowed on them. I will have my ten thousand hearts within the hour. And then your cousins will feel their victory turn to ash in their arrogant mouths. 
I looked in the distance. Five dragons were circling the palace in their true shape. Their eyes gleamed with triumph and greed.
I believe you promised to deliver something, child. Something that could turn the tide.
He knew as well as I that the tide would be turned long before the royal family made use of what resided in Shadow’s Chaos wand. But nothing would be accomplished by pointing that out. Without a word, I made my way inside the royal palace. 
To the true royal family.

***

Mercedes

While I waited for Tarasque, I paced. Would he listen to me? He said himself that he didn’t trust me completely. Would the small amount of trust he had for me be enough? Maybe not. Maybe I needed to have more faith in his reason than his trust. There was no such thing as a deal with the devil as Tezcatlipoca demonstrated. In keeping the sacred grounds of his ancestors safe, Tarasque would sacrifice his soul, as well as the soul of every dragon in existence. Surely there would be no question regarding what his ancestors would choose!
His ancestors. Eulathrin told me the dragons worshipped them as gods. But Quetzalcoatl created them. Why didn’t they worship him? 
Before I could start contemplating an answer, the doors swung open. Tarasque walked in, but this time I completely ignored his copies, focusing on the one that held his true consciousness.
His expression stopped me cold. Once reserved and neutral, his handsome features were cold and blank. Even his emerald eyes, once so brilliant, were now as dull as plastic gems. This change confused me more than it scared me. Surely Tezcatlipoca hadn’t sprung his trap already? After all, the devil wanted you to believe you got the better end of the deal for a while. He wanted to see that triumph in your eyes, that happiness. Only at the height of that triumph and happiness did he rip it away, all for the pleasure of seeing it die in your eyes. 
“Are you all right?” I asked before I could stop myself.
Maybe it was the question, or maybe it was the genuine concern in my voice. Whatever it was, pain crossed Tarasque’s features, breaking the icy mask.
“Just tell me what you want.”
That’s what I had to do. I needed to warn him in the hopes that it would save both the vampires and the dragons. Bu my instincts, my heart told me that I couldn’t ignore his pain. And that I was missing something. 
Tarasque had asked me about love before, and he especially wanted to know about the love I shared with Shadow. At first, I had thought it was a trait of humanity he was curious about, but now…
I will enjoy watching you put His Royal Highness through untold pain and humiliation, Tezcatlipoca had said.
“Well?” Tarasque demanded.
I looked him right in the eye and made sure my voice was completely steady.
“Your Highness…do you love me?”
The silence that fell between us as a result of my bold, presumptuous, maybe even stupid question felt like an eternity. When it was over, the pain on Tarasque’s face was more prominent, but there was also an emotion that bordered on hatred.
“Why would you ask me such a thing?”
His voice was low and almost made me shiver. “Because…” I swallowed. “Because of what you asked me before. I’m so sorry if I’m being presumptuous, but I need to know.”
“And why is that?” Tarasque whispered. “Is it so that you can possess power over me? So you can save your precious vampire lover, and the vampire race?”
“No, I—Tarasque, please, listen to me. I just spoke to Necoc Yaotl. He has absolutely no intention of letting the dragons be once the vampires are dead. He’s the father of the vampires. He doesn’t want them all to die. He just wants you to kill ten thousand of them as a sacrifice! Once ten thousand are dead, he plans to have the dragons become slaves to the vampires. He’s done this before with—”
“Silence!” Tarasque bellowed. He stared at me, breathing heavily. There was true hatred in his eyes. “That’s a very creative story. And how convenient that Necoc Yaotl would tell you his true plans just as am I slaughtering the vampires. You hoped that I did love you so I would believe your lies, correct?”
“I’m not using you!” I shouted. “If you don’t love, then just say so. But if you do…it’s not something I can just ignore.”
“Well, have no fear then. I do not love you. And I have decided I don’t need you to love me.” He gripped my chin.
“Tarasque…” I began.
Before I could blink, his hand was wrapped around my throat, and I couldn’t breathe.
“I thought I could possess an emotional attachment to you and still retain my pride as a dragon king,” he whispered. “I thought I could still make my father and my forefathers proud. But I was mistaken. I still want you and I will have you. But you are now a part of my treasure, Mercedes Strand. Nothing more, nothing less. You will remain with me until the end of your days.” His fingers tightened even further and I choked, desperate to take in air, but unable to. A small smile touched Tarasque’s lips. “My weakness for you has been unforgivable, but I will rectify my grave error by completely destroying the vampires including your lover. My warriors have strict orders to bring him to me. I will then bring him before you, and I will kill him right before your eyes. Only then will I find true redemption.”
He let me go. I collapsed on the floor, heaving great coughs and massaging my throat. When my blurry vision cleared, I looked up and saw Tarasque staring at me. For a moment, I saw a sliver of remorse in his eyes, but it vanished so quickly I was certain I had imagined it. When he left, a powerful, evil laugh rang through my head.
That was wonderful, little key! To hear you tell the almighty dragon king the exact truth and have him spit it right back in your face…oh, the delicious irony! How much do you think he will regret not listening to you once he is going through his schooling?
Still wheezing, I got to my knees and continued to rub my neck.
My, he truly did a number on you, didn’t he? Tezcatlipoca said with concern I didn’t believe for a moment was genuine. Never fear, you will have your vengeance soon enough. The sacrifice is nearly complete.  
Meaning that ten thousand vampires were dead just to satiate this evil god’s bloodthirstiness.
“I don’t care about vengeance,” I rasped. “I don’t want vengeance. You used Tarasque. Manipulated him.”
That’s a very interesting thing for you to say, little key. Did I manipulate him into hating you? Beating you? Am I manipulating him into killing your beloved Shadow right before your eyes? Oh, don’t look so horrified. Your lover is safe. I have plans for him. But can you honestly blame me for everything Tarasque has done to you?
“Not everything,” I admitted.
As well you shouldn’t. The dragons truly are a despicable creation. Dedicating their long lives to gathering wealth and boosting their egos. Not even humankind is so despicable. You, little key, are living proof of that.
“Tarasque is different,” I said. “He wants things that dragons aren’t supposed to want.”
So true. He is a very tortured soul: longing for the companionship of so-called inferior creatures, yet unable to outwardly seek it else he be shamed before his people and his fathers. Pathetic.
My mouth tightened.
You resent my denouncement of him, don’t you? Or is it my dismissal? You know he is pathetic, yet you believe that there is hope for him.
“I know there’s hope for him,” I said firmly.
Tezcatlipoca laughed.
I never would have chosen you if you believed otherwise, little key.

***

Radella

In the Chambers of Chaos with my fellow royals, under the watchful eyes of our makers, we waited.
The priests had been sitting for hours. They remained in a circle, and the blood in their hair had long dried. Only their mouths moved as they chanted prayers in a language I did not know. There were many things I did not know about the rituals of the Brothers. It was not my place to know. After all, I was only a royal mouthpiece, not a priest or a true royal.
Our makers knew. And they choose not to share that information with us. 
Throughout my two-thousand years of existence, I had been perfectly content with my position. Vampires lived and died at my command and I never wanted for anything. I followed the Brothers of Duality with reverence, always believing in them, always trusting that they would ensure the survival and growth of our race. My faith in the gods had never wavered. Not once. I could not stop now. Should Lord Chaos or Lord Order sense that I doubted them, they could forsake the vampires as a whole. I had to keep my faith strong. This was a test, I told myself. They merely wanted to see if we would still believe in them even if it seemed like they were abandoning us.
Right now, our once prosperous streets were bathed in vampire blood and strewn with vampire corpses. Most of our people managed to go underground, but our makers ordered that several sanctuaries be sealed off, dooming hundreds perhaps thousands of vampires. Our makers did not volunteer an explanation, but I was no fool. I knew what this was: sacrifice. The Brothers wished a payment in blood before we were allowed to fight for our lives. This was our test of faith and loyalty.
So be it. I only hoped that most of the lives lost were Harijans.
The priests were suddenly on their feet. They raised their arms above their heads and emitted a shrieking howl that rang through the chamber. Only when the echoes faded did they move toward our makers sitting on their thrones.
“My lords,” a female priest uttered in a deep, guttural voice. “Lord Chaos is satiated. He now demands that vengeance against the spawn of the demon lizard who corrupted so many of us.”
I exchanged looks with Ariadna. Her fangs had emerged and the bloodlust burning in my breast was reflected in her eyes. 
The brown hand adorned with obsidian rings vanished in the darkness. When it reappeared, it was holding a Chaos wand. 
“We fight fire with fire,” the voice from the shadows declared. “Unleash the Evanescence.”  


###

Part III
Soul Cannibal




Chapter 11

With blood and pain the debt is paid
So now to kill this one charade 
By death it births a thousand spawn
That snare yet more unwilling pawns

Blackhole

It was not the place of an Evanescence to contemplate our beginnings as a species. We were not to know who we were, what our ancestors were like, what they did, who they killed. Our origins were meaningless. Our purpose was to serve the vampires without question, as our father commanded.
I was not favored by our father, though several of my kin would disagree. They made it no secret that they were jealous that he chose me for direct service to him, that he would often speak to me personally. I wondered how they would react if I told them that the reason Father chose me as a servant was to make me suffer. It was unheard of for an Evanescence to be little more than a partner or pet to his or her vampire owner. To call a vampire master ‘friend’ was laughable at the very least. Friendship. Love. Such emotions were to be sneered at and the owner of them ostracized. I was loyal to my vampire master. Officially, he was my master and it was my duty to obey him and lay down my life for him if need be. Unofficially, I was his companion. His trusted friend. I would do anything for him. I would die for him, not because I was his servant, but because I loved him as one friend loves another. Father knew I would be chosen for him. Father had great plans for this vampire. Not only the vampire, but his human lover; a woman so pure and compassionate it was unnatural. 
I cared deeply for them both, but by the orders of my father, I betrayed them. The human woman Mercedes had forgiven me, though she did not know of my role in her kidnapping. She did not know it was I who helped provoke Tarasque, king of the dragons, into visiting the human world and stealing her away from her home. But the most painful thought of all was that even if she were well aware of my true role in what was to come, and that I would continue to play it no matter what, she would still forgive me. She would look at me with those soft, angel eyes and embrace me with her unending love.
Shadow, however, would not forgive me. Mercedes had mellowed him somewhat, but whatever compassion he possessed was reserved for her. In any sense, he was not the forgiving type. He lived by honor and betrayal was one of the few things he would never be able to bear. I had betrayed both him and the one he loved so deeply. There would be no forgiveness from him. Only rage, pain, and death.
I only hoped Father would not aid me when that day came.
But for the moment, I was distracted from my inevitable fate. My kin moved restlessly around me, whispered their thoughts to one another in a mental link that could be felt by every single one of us. Every so often, I touched that link and listened to what they were saying.
We will feast on the great beasts flying above us.
I hear them growl about the palace. They think to frighten our masters.
It is they who will be frightened. Once our masters set us free.
Yes. Once our masters set us free, we would devour the battalion of dragon warriors that King Tarasque had so foolishly sent to kill the vampires. Well, perhaps he would not be entirely disappointed. It was by Father’s will that ten thousand vampires would die in the battle. Father always did covet sacrifices and the human ancestors of the first vampires more than fulfilled those desires. Thousands of years later, a huge sacrifice was long overdue. 
We did not have to wait long for our masters to call us. Ten new voices entered the mental link and each one said the exact same thing.
“Kill them all.”

***

Leyan

The vampires were incredibly arrogant, and it was the only reason I took some form of joy in slaughtering them. I had already known they were pathetic before King Tarasque gave the order to eliminate them, but surely they at least had weapons? Surely they would fight for their lives? Surely they wouldn’t flee like cowards?
I was wrong on all three counts. They had no weapons, they refused to fight, and all they did was flee like cowards. Perhaps I should not be too disgusted. After all, nothing in existence was more terrifying or dangerous than a dragon in his or her true form. One dragon alone could reduce this miniscule civilization to ash with only a few blasts of concentrated fire. The only reason why we did not was because we still wanted the treasure these creatures possessed, and we would get it.
Two-hundred hands in the air, I circled around the so-called royal palace. What a plain structure. True, the black surface could not have been more polished, but other than a few designs carved into it, there was nothing else. No precious metals or stones, nothing! Did they not possess great treasure, or did they guard it as jealously as the dragons did?
My questions would be answered soon enough. I landed beside the palace. It barely came up to the middle of my front right leg. My comrade Kel landed beside me and examined the structure.
I looked at him and the scales on my face began to move slightly. Because our natural voices were so powerful and we did not want to risk damaging our treasure before it was protectively spelled, our ancestors developed this form of communication eons ago. Dragons had some control over the scales that made us all but invincible. In moving mine, I spoke to my fellow dragon warrior.
“Shall we knock it over and sift through the remains?”
“We don’t know if their treasure is buried deep underground,” Kel said. “We need to know for certain or we risk destroying it.”
I huffed. Patience was not one of my virtues, and this so-called war King Tarasque ordered us to wage proved to be little more than mindless slaughter so far. 
“These vampires better have some magnificent treasure.” My scales clashed to together, portraying my anger and frustration. 
“Our comrades are doing a magnificent job in wiping these pathetic creatures out,” Kel commented. “Perhaps we should shape-shift into our human forms and investigate the royal palace.”
“We could also interrogate the royal family about the whereabouts of their treasure and if there are traps guarding it,” I added. “Very well. Let’s shift.”
Despite being in such pitifully tiny forms, we retained all of our powers. In one punch, I opened the tall doors to the royal palace and quickly discovered that for however mundane the outside was, the royals clearly wasted no expense in decorating the inside.
“Reasonably impressive,” Kel commented. Both of our eyes took in the alien sculpture, jewels, and draperies that adorned the rooms. “But something tells me this isn’t all they have.”
“No, it isn’t,” I said eagerly. Maybe this would be worthwhile after all. “First we find the royal family. They’ll tell us where the real hordes are.”
Kel nodded. He raised his fist to another set of doors but stopped when an unusual hissing sound emitted from behind them.
“A creature guard,” I said with a smirk. “Reliable. If the vampires thought they were to be invaded by ogres.”
Kel laughed and shook his head. He raised his fist again, but the doors burst open from the other side and out poured a sea of black. Both Kel and I were devoured instantly. 

***

Radella

We were safe from the inside, though every few seconds I heard the faint echoes of crashes and death screams from the outside. Our people were being slaughtered by the spawn of the demon, Quetzalcoatl. Lord Chaos demanded these deaths in order to test our faith in him. But the slaughter would last for only less than a minute longer. My maker had just ordered that our Evanescence armies were to be unleashed upon the dragons.
“Dear daughter.”
I looked up. My maker’s dark, obsidian adorned hand was the only part of him that was not wreathed in darkness. He sat on a throne in the middle of his nine fellow true royals. 
“Yes, my lord,” I said.
“Come to me.”
I obeyed and knelt on my knees in front of my maker.
“What do you wish of me?”
His hand stretched out to me. In it was a Chaos wand.
“In this wand lies the key to our victory. Harijan Shadow managed to record the frequency of one of the demon lizard’s portals.”
My eyes went wide. While I knew it was not wise to underestimate Harijans who were trained in the arts of the vampire warrior, I never thought one could have enough ingenuity to find the remnants of a dragon’s portal. Then again, this particular Harijan was blessed by Lord Chaos himself.
“Once the Evanescence have cleansed our home of the demon lizards, you will take this wand to our top technicians. They will create the portal that will enable us to travel to the demon lizard’s home. We will then search for the blessed one who was stolen from us.”
The blessed one. The human named Mercedes Strand. The one who had avenged the death of a priest. The one Lord Chaos himself commanded Harijan Shadow to protect.
“Forgive me, my lord, but Lord Chaos demanded Harijan Shadow alone must protect her.”
“Correct. He alone must protect her. But we will retrieve her.”
“As you wish. Once the portal is complete, will we launch a full assault?”
“We will not attack until the safety of the blessed one is assured. But once it is…” The dark hand clenched into a fist, enabling the scant light to reflect ominously off the obsidian rings. “…they will all pay.”
“We can see some of them pay right now,” a rather high female voice uttered from the third throne to the right. “Activate the viewscreens. I wish to watch our armies devour these pitiful blasphemers.”
“Princess Ariadna,” my maker said.
A flush crept up Ariadna’s dark face. It was common for a member of the true royal family to give orders to their progeny only. My maker was not Ariadna’s. Her maker remained still and silent on his throne. 
Despite her anger, Ariadna obeyed. Once the viewscreens were activated, we were all treated to an incredibly satisfying sight. Though the streets were paved with blood and mangled corpses, they were not visible thanks to the flood of Evanescence rushing through the streets. Quite a few of the dragons were still in their serpent forms and did not bother to revert back to their normal shape in order to fight. 
What arrogance, I thought with great contempt. They would stand a much better chance as the monstrous lizards that they truly are. They have no idea what the Evanescence are capable of. They truly do believe that they will achieve a great victory.
How wrong they were.
Before the serpents could even think to call upon their magic, they were bitten by several Evanescence. My fangs burst from my gums in glee, knowing what was happening.
“Look at their eyes,” King Yuan whispered. His normally serene face was alight was cruelty and delight. “Look how confused they are. They wonder why they cannot feed their arrogance with their beloved magic.”
“Perhaps they will live long enough to discover why,” Ariadna trilled. “Then again, if they were stupid enough to think they could overthrow the mighty vampire race, I wouldn’t count on it.”
I said nothing. Words were not necessary. Everyone present knew that the Evanescence possessed a toxic bite to those who possessed magic. In large quantities it killed, but even in small quantities, the victim would experience an almost instant dampening effect on their magic. One of the reasons vampires were able to control such creatures was because we possessed an immunity thanks to our inability to do magic. We didn’t need magic. We had our superior strength, speed, and intelligence. And as Yuan had just said, magic did little more than bloat arrogance to dangerous levels.
And now yours shall starve to death, I thought. 
The snakes were devoured quickly. Ariadna turned up the volume without being asked. Despite our superior hearing, we all wanted the lizard’s death screams to ring throughout the entire palace. 
“Shall we activate the laser cannons now?” the high female voice inquired. “The flying lizards are bound to release their flame. If they do, they could damage the city.”
“True,” my maker said. “Very well. But only go for their wings since that is where their scales are weakest. As they fall, the Evanescence will consume them. I want all of these blasphemous lizards to suffer the exact same fate as their brothers and sisters.”

***

Brandon

If Morgan gripped my arm any tighter, she could rip it clean from the socket merely by twitching. But huddled in a crowded underground shelter with my fellow Outcasts and watching our home and people be destroyed for the past few hours, I couldn’t bring myself to care. And when the royal family unleashed their vast armies of Evanescence upon the invaders, I would have gladly offered my life to Lord Chaos in gratitude, let alone my arm.
“We’re going to win, love,” Morgan exclaimed. “Lord Chaos was merciful. We’re going to win!”
Morgan continued to cheer loudly along with my fellow Outcasts. I was content to remain silent as endless prayers soundlessly escaped my lips. The dragons were powerful, but they were no match for the Evanescence. If I were capable of a purely rational thought at the moment, I would have wondered how we could have enslaved such a powerful species. A species that could easily defeat enemies that were more powerful than the vampires could ever hope to be. But I didn’t care. Our home would be safe, and we would not be members of an endangered species thanks to the Evanescence.
My fellows grew silent when the viewscreen changed direction. We were now looking at five gargantuan dragons flying so high in the sky, they merely looked large. Out of nowhere, a rain of powerful red beams erupted and connected with the dragon’s wings. They roared and sent fire, wind, and electricity down below, but this attack ceased when they started falling. Their roars were pained, but their pain was nothing compared to their terror. They fell and fell, and their roars grew to ear-splitting shrieks of desperation. When they were barely one-hundred feet above the ground, the Evanescence seemed to take flight as they jumped to meet them.
“Five corpses that size hitting the city could damage it beyond repair,” Morgan whispered.
Within seconds, the five dragons appeared to have all turned black. 
“Not if you divide five into a few hundred million,” I said dryly.
Cheers and shouts of triumph erupted around me. I still didn’t join them.
“What’s wrong with you?” Morgan demanded. “Do you have any idea what’s happening?”
“Of course I do!” I snapped. Morgan blinked at my tone and I sighed. “I’m sorry, I’m just…” I shook my head. “You and I barely made it to safety. When I left Shadow, he was on his way to the royal palace.”
“Well, communications should be back online soon enough,” Morgan said. “It won’t take long for the Evanescence to finish cleaning up. You can give him a call and reassure yourself.”
“If for some reason he didn’t make it.” I looked my beloved dead in the eye. “You and I need to make sure that portal gets made.”
She scowled. “You know they could kill us. By copying the frequency Shadow found, we’ve all but defied them. They’ll know we were planning to enter dragon territory without their permission.”
“I’m afraid this is yet another no-win situation,” I said grimly. “If Shadow failed and the frequency was not delivered, then the royals won’t be able to launch their armies into dragon territory. We caught them by surprise today, but if we dare delay…”
“I hate no-win situations,” Morgan snarled.
“Well, I suppose it’s only a no-win situation if we lose,” I said with a smile. “Let’s make sure we don’t.”

***

Tarasque 

At long last, the Mirror permitted me to see the vampire world. I managed to ignore the part of me that knew it was really Necoc Yaotl who enabled me to see it. I could not have cared less. I was about to witness a great victory for the dragons. In slaughtering the vampires, the sacred grounds of all dragon kings would be safe, new treasure would be added to my personal horde, and I would have my revenge against someone whose name had become a curse in a very short amount of time.
Mercedes Strand.
Mercedes Strand, the human girl Necoc Yaotl had ordered me to kidnap supposedly because she was a key to dragon victory against the vampires. But in uttering such a thing to me, the god had already proven himself to be a liar. One puny human girl a key to dragon victory in a war against creatures who were almost as puny as she was…the concept was laughable at the very least.
Your Highness…do you love me?
Smoke emitted from my nostrils. She had asked that question to manipulate me. She was desperate to save the vampires, especially her beloved mate. She would say anything to make me do what she wanted. She would say something that would cause iron claws to wrap around my heart, even when I was in my true dragon form. My true invincible dragon form. She would ask me something that I would not be able to stop thinking about. She would ask me something while looking at me with those beautiful blue eyes, so filled with compassion and honesty and concern, all for me…
It was all I could do not to unleash a jet of flame. In my current emotional state, my fires would be hot enough to melt every last bit of treasure I possessed. And dragons valued treasure above all else. That was what Mercedes was. Treasure. Nothing more, nothing less. I once thought she could be a companion, almost an equal. How wrong I was. My father was right. My desire to visit other worlds and interact with other sentient creatures was an unforgivable weakness.
That will change, I thought as I watched my soldiers rip out the hearts of every vampire within their reach. Once I have Mercedes’ beloved, once he is in my grasp, I will bring him before her and I will personally tear his arrogant heart out.
Fortunately, I had given my warriors a detailed physical description of Mercedes’ vampire mate. Once the rest of the vampires were dead, he would be brought to me.
Enjoying yourself, Your Majesty?
My hatred for Necoc Yaotl could not have been greater. But for the time being, I was set on a different vengeance.
“They are more pitiful than I could have ever imagined,” I said icily. “The universe is better off without them.”
The same can be said for so many other creatures. There was a trace of irony and contempt in Necoc Yaotl’s voice. But for the time being, I am grateful that at least one will meet their doom.
So was I. I watched in silence for a while, satisfaction coursing through me with every death. Perhaps I would become a war king. Necoc Yaotl was correct. There were so many creatures out there that were so pitiful they didn’t deserve to be alive. I could make it my personal mission to wipe them all out and collect their treasure. My horde would grow so vast, even my palace would not be able to contain it. I would become legendary across countless worlds. Some would hate me, others would revere me for cleansing the universe of unworthy species. 
I could be the greatest of all dragon kings. My people would live in the golden age of golden ages. I would surpass my father, my forefathers. And when I finally died, they would embrace me. Every single one of them. My father would tell me he was so proud to have borne such a leader of dragons. The concept was so intoxicating I could barely breathe. 
Hours later, breathing did become far more difficult, but not due to positive fantasies. 
“What in the name of my fathers--!?”
Their bizarre forms varied in sizes and they seemed to come out of nowhere. There thousands of them, probably millions. And they were eating my warriors alive.
I expected my soldiers to fight back with magic and physical strength, but once they were bitten by so much as one of the bizarre black aliens, they seemed incapable of using magic. It wasn’t long before they were swarmed and devoured. The vampires fought back with powerful technological weapons, but it was these new creatures that finished the battle. And the victory was not for the dragons.
“Necoc Yaotl!” I bellowed. “What is the meaning of this?”
Ah, Your Majesty, it appears you should have spent some more time studying my brother’s children.
“You knew about this!” I raged at the god. “You knew the vampires had these creatures at their command! You knew I was sending my warriors in to be slaughtered!”
That I did. But my knowledge does not make me the guilty party. This was your doing, king of the dragons.
“You dare…you torment me, blackmail me…” Speaking became very difficult due to my anger. “You ordered me to destroy your brother’s children or the sacred grounds would be destroyed! This is YOUR doing!”
Begging your pardon, Your Majesty, but you made it very clear that you were not impressed with my brother’s children. From the information your scouts gathered, you presumed that you would be able to kill them all with ease. It never crossed your mind that they possessed an army of such power. 
“You knew!”
Necoc Yaotl laughed. It is a small wonder your father despises you so, King Tarasque. A true leader would have investigated his enemy thoroughly before attacking him. A true leader would not have made arrogant presumptions about his enemy’s defenses. But you—you specifically told me that you would be able to wipe out the vampires with ease mere days after you sent your scouts to investigate them. I could have warned you, yes, but I am not here to hold you up by the wings, King Tarasque. I am here to ensure that you destroy my brother’s children.
And you succeeded.
Even in my anger, and yes, growing shame, I was stunned at his last words.
“What do you mean? I failed! My warriors are being slaughtered as we speak. I must send another battalion in as soon as—”
Don’t bother. You did exactly as I wanted. Enough of the vampires are dead for my plans to go through.
I had known from the beginning that Necoc Yaotl was a liar and a manipulator. I knew that he couldn’t be trusted. But I had to do his bidding for the sake of the sacred grounds. There was no higher honor for a dragon than to protect the sacred grounds with everything they had. And yet, the feeling that I had just done the exact opposite was beginning to creep into my soul.
“And what,” I whispered, “are your plans?”
That would be telling, Your Majesty, that would be telling.
Once the miserable god’s voice fell silent, I called a meeting with my council. When all ten members were present in the chambers, I addressed them in a tone that was grim and controlled.
“The first battalion has failed. They are all dead.”
Shock coursed through every member of my council.
“What!?” Fangurn bellowed. “This is impossible! How could such puny creatures defeat mighty dragon warriors?”
“How could they have done so, Your Majesty?” Quillania demanded. “Did they manage to hide strong magical powers from us?”
“They have an army at their disposal,” I said. “An army of creatures who seem to be capable of neutralizing a dragon’s magic and devouring him within minutes.”
“And how precisely, could they have hidden such an army from us?” Fangurn said.
“That is not the issue at hand!” I snapped. “My warriors are dead, and I dare not send in another battalion right away. They are sure to meet the fate of their brothers and sisters.”
“Should we go for the masters or the servants first?” Quillania mused. “If we kill the servants first, the vampires will be helpless against—”
“No,” I said. “The masters will die first. That is my will.”
“And what of Necoc Yaotl, my lord?” Loklair said quietly. “What of the god who threatened to destroy the sacred grounds of our ancestors if we did not carry out his will?”
When I spoke, I did not bother to hide the rage in it. “From the very start, he has had his own agenda. The dragon race means nothing to him. We are merely pawns in his plan. We must obey him to prevent the destruction of the sacred grounds, but we still have our own agenda. Necoc Yaotl claims that he is satisfied with the deaths we have given him, but all vampires will die. That is the will of the dragon king.”
Quillania peered at me. “And if Necoc Yaotl orders you to leave the vampires be, my lord?”
A growl rumbled in the back of my throat. “Then I must obey.”
But not for long. I would make Necoc Yaotl pay for his crimes, and I would wipe out the vampires. Mercedes would know the consequences for attempting to deceive the dragon king.
Do you love me?
I dismissed my council before I did something I would later regret. 

***

Mercedes

Blackhole had promised me that he wouldn’t let anything happen to Shadow while the vampires were slaughtered by the dragons. I believed him even though he was at the whim and the mercy of the evil god Tezcatlipoca who had been pulling the strings from the very start. It wasn’t his fault. I knew Blackhole. He would never willingly do anything to hurt either Shadow or myself. But that didn’t stop the waves of terror and uncertainty coursing through my very soul. Tezcatlipoca called me 'little key,' meaning I was to play a large role in his plans.
You already are playing a large role in his plans, my inner voice whispered.
Yes. I was. Not only that, I was at his mercy, like Blackhole. Like everyone I cared about. 
I put a hand to my mouth to stop a sob from escaping. I knew what it was like to feel helpless and terrified. Xavier was responsible for that. But this was so different. Tezcatlipoca was a god with all the powers of a god. How could I hope to challenge a god and win? How could I keep everyone I loved safe from someone who could vaporize me in an instant?
The doors to my room opened. I was both hoping and dreading Tarasque’s presence. Instead, it was Eulathrin, my siren caretaker. She was bearing a tray with my supper on it.
“Good evening. You said you liked the nectar bread, so I brought…” She stopped when she saw my face. “What’s wrong?”
I couldn’t break down in front of her. She needed to know what awaited the dragons, but I couldn’t burden her with my emotions. She had been nothing but good to me ever since Tarasque placed me under her care.
“Mercedes?”
Her voice was calm and concerned. She set the tray down and put a hard-scaled hand on my shoulder.
“I will help you if I am able.”
The sincerity in her tone was what made me throw caution and dignity to the wind. In an instant, I stood up and grabbed Eulathrin around the middle, burying my face on her shoulder. She made a sound of surprise, but after a moment her arms came up and held me close.
“There, there,” she soothed me as I cried. “Tell me what has happened, and I will see if I can aid you.”
I was glad that she didn’t rush me. She continued to hold me in silence until I got myself under control. I pulled away and wiped my eyes.
“I’m sorry,” I mumbled.
Her hand gently touched my cheek. Her dark lips spread in a compassionate smile. “There’s no reason for you to be. Now please tell me what has caused you such distress.”
I told her everything. How Tezcatlipoca was deceiving Tarasque, how the deaths of the ten thousand vampires were now on his hands, how Tarasque didn’t believe me when I told him of Tezcatlipoca’s real plans, and Tarasque’s promise that he would kill Shadow to get back at me for ‘manipulating’ him.
When I was finished, I noticed that Eulathrin was noticeably paler.
“Mercedes, I believe you have just confirmed several rumors I have heard over the past few days.”
Relief flooded me. She knew I was telling the truth. 
“Can you tell your leaders?”
“The queen already knows. You can bet your life on that.”
“Is she going to warn Tarasque then?”
“No.”
I was stunned. “But…”
“Mercedes, this is not our fight. The dragons have brought this on themselves. We cannot get involved.”
“But they’re your business partners! And they’re people just like you!”
Eulathrin frowned at me. Her scaled fingers reached out to touch my neck.
“King Tarasque did this to you?”
I nodded and sighed. “I don’t hate him.”
“Then he is even more undeserving of you than I previously thought,” Eulathrin said flatly. “A dragon, especially a king, must treat every part of his treasure with care and respect. In hurting you, he has violated a sacred dragon law.”
“What he did to me isn’t important right now,” I said. “Eulathrin, Tezcatlipoca is going to make slaves of the dragons, but first he’s going to twist them like he twisted the Evanescence!”
“I heard you the first time, and I already gave you my answer. The sirens will not get involved. Moreover, I do not see why you would want to warn the dragons. Not after they have caused you so much suffering.”
“Tarasque is just one dragon,” I said. “I’m talking about the race as a whole.”
“The treaty is very specific, Mercedes.” Eulathrin was completely unmoved. “We barter and trade with the dragons. We even do small favors for the other. But we do not fight each other’s wars.”
“But—”
“Enough. The sirens will not get involved. That is all.”
Her tone told me any further protests would fall on deaf ears. Keeping my voice under control, I said, “Eulathrin, do you think you can keep me posted on what’s going on? Maybe the sirens don’t want to get involved, but if the dragons are twisted and made into slaves you will be affected. I know you’ll hear things from time to time.”
“That I will,” Eulathrin said with an unmistakable edge of grimness to her voice. “Very well. I will tell you if I hear anything of value. But that will have to be limited as well. You are still an outsider after all.”
I forced myself to smile. “Thank you.”

***

Shadow

The first thing I assumed when I awoke was that I was having a nightmare about that unspeakable time Xavier held me captive in his cell. My panic abated only when I saw that the cell I was in possessed remarkably different provisions from the ones Xavier permitted his prisoners. I was lying on an actual cot, and through the bars I could see torchlight illuminating the hallway in front of my cell. But Xavier or no Xavier, I was a prisoner.
And Blackhole was the one who brought me here.
My fangs emerged and I gripped the bars, feeding my strength with my emotions, confusion, betrayal, and rage being the most prominent. But no matter how hard I pulled, they would not budge. Not even when I rammed my entire body against them. I continued to grip them with everything I had, desperately trying to make sense of my situation. Where was I? This was no vampire prison, of that I was certain. Why had Blackhole brought me here? Had he…betrayed me?
I recalled his last words. He had promised that he would deliver the Chaos wand containing the invaluable frequency that would enable the vampires to build a portal to the dragon world. Then he had apologized, knocked me out, and brought me here.
My fangs ground into my gums. He had betrayed me. Whatever his motivations were, he had brought me here without my consent. I had known for quite some time that he had been hiding something from me. He claimed to serve the gods so there was a possibility that he had acted on orders from Lord Chaos or Lord Order. But why would the brothers order such a thing? And why did Blackhole not tell me about it? I had given him my unconditional trust and this was how he repaid me?
The sound of unusual footsteps broke into my thoughts. I extended my claws when the intruders came into view. They were very bizarre beings, appearing to be a cross between a human and an eagle. The older one pursed his lips at the sight of me.
“The spawn of Smoking Mirror has awakened.” Distaste colored his tone. “A pity. I was beginning to enjoy the quiet.”
“Who are you?” I demanded. “Where am I? Where is Blackhole?”
“The impatience and instincts of a mindless beast.” The younger creature gave a sneering smile. “I would expect nothing more from a creation of Smoking Mirror.”
I had no idea who or what Smoking Mirror was, but their air of smug superiority was beginning to smell as foul as rotten garlic. Forcing my rage under control, I smiled.
“Poking your stubby little fingers through the beast’s cage like idiot children? Didn’t your mothers ever tell you that is quite unwise?”
To my immense satisfaction, the youngster’s face went pale with fury.
“You dare insult my dame, beast?”
My grin widened. “I don’t just insult her, whelp.” Going on instinct, I added, “I pluck every last feather from her wings.”
The words were barely out of my mouth when the little one lunged. The elder held him back as he struggled and shouted.
“Let me go, Hyllus!”
“Our fallen brother gave us specific instructions!” the elder bellowed. “Do you wish to provoke the wrath of Smoking Mirror!?”
Still bristling for a fight, I said, “And I pluck every last feather from the wings of your mother as well.”
Unfortunately, the elder had far more self-control than his young companion. Still, it was highly satisfying to see him bare his teeth at me.
“You’d better watch that icy tongue of yours, vampire,” he hissed. “Your father does not value you as a father should. He will abandon you to our mercy if for any reason you prove yourself useless to him.”
“Babble all you want,” I snarled. “I will get out of this prison, and when I do, your throats will be the first I rip out. But first…”
Quick as lightening, I withdrew two small silver daggers from hidden compartments in my armor. They were quite fast, but not fast enough to beat the reflexes of a vampire. The first dagger hit the young one in the shin of his left leg. The second hit the elder just above his hip. I laughed, relishing their shouts of anger and pain. Unfortunately, my laughter soon turned into a scream when the yellow gem on the tip of the staff the younger was holding flooded my cell with golden light. 
“Enough!”
The light dissipated, but my face was severely burnt along with several other areas of my body despite being protected by my armor. I managed to stay on my feet and continued to bare my fangs at my jailers, determined to show them that they were dealing with a vampire Kshatriya.
“Is that all you can do?” I hissed.
To their credit, neither of them acknowledged the daggers sticking into their bodies. They were warriors as well as I. However, they were not so successful at hiding their malice. The younger looked as though he would allow me to stick another dagger in him if he could be permitted to ignite the jewel on his staff again. The elder, Hyllus his name was, merely glared coldly at me.
“Let us leave the beast to stew, Icarus,” he said. 
The younger, Icarus, tightened his scaled hands around his staff. “Let me alight the dayfire gem again. Our fallen brother failed to strip him of his weapons. I am certain he did so on purpose.”
It was true. Despite my anger at Blackhole’s betrayal, I had enough reason to acknowledge that he could have removed my weapons before handing me over to these creatures. That did not excuse his actions, of course, but still…
“Let him keep his pathetic weapons,” Hyllus said dismissively. “He caught us by surprise once. He will not do so again. Come. It is time to leave.”
“But we were having such fun,” I sneered. “And I dearly wish to continue playing.”
I was disappointed when my baiting proved unsuccessful. They left me, but I was cheered when I saw that both of them were visibly limping. Apparently, they were too proud to pull out the daggers in front of me. Once they were out of sight, however, I became fully aware of my still healing burns and the fact that I would need blood very soon. With a growl, I began to pace, thinking. It was not long before I was cursing my recklessness with those two creatures. I had succeeded in provoking them, but my goal should have been to gather information. Like the dragons, they could be a threat to my people. To Mercedes. 
Mercedes…
She was in danger. And I was trapped in a cell unable to help her.
Control, I told myself. I must keep control. 
Staying a prisoner was not an option. I would escape, but I could not escape empty-handed. I needed to know why Blackhole brought me here, if he had truly betrayed me. And I needed to know if these bird/human creatures were a new threat to the vampires or my love. On instinct, I searched for my Chaos wand, and was angered but unsurprised to see that I did not have it. Blackhole had taken it, supposedly to give it to the royal family. 
With a roar, I slammed my fists against the bars. Nothing made sense. Not Blackhole’s actions, nor my current predicament. Thousands of questions raced through my mind, but only one answer. Something was behind all this. Some deeper purpose that I was unaware of. 
And I needed to find out what it was.

***

Yuan

It was common for our makers to give us mundane tasks every now and then in order to remind us who held true power. I was not immune to the resentment and humiliation my fellow royals experienced when such times came, but we were all intelligent enough to swallow our pride and obey. This was the way of things, so there was no pointing in fighting or complaining.
Ariadna, however, had a far different opinion when it came to the latter.
“Ridiculous, humiliating…any youngster with half a brain could very well deliver a Chaos wand…Radella, how can take such humiliation without a word?!”
Radella spared Ariadna a glance, her eyes burning with her usual icy fire. “Unless something can be gained by directing my words toward my maker apart from my imminent death, I see no point in uttering them.” Her eyes narrowed further. “Your complaints irritate me, sister. Kindly keep them to yourself or take them out on a Harijan.”
Ariadna’s expression cheered slightly. “Taking out my rage on a Harijan. The satisfaction of that is never empty. I think that is just what I will do.”
“I would advise caution,” I said. “Remember that the possibility remains that a Harijan has been blessed by Lord Chaos.”
“Precisely. It is merely a possibility,” Ariadna said with a sneer. “And that possibility is irrelevant. He has failed in his duty to protect that human scrap. Lord Chaos will condemn him to the darkest of hells, past blessings or not.”
 I did not reply for a while. Eventually, I voiced an opinion I had been intending to voice ever since the blessed one was taken by the dragon king.
“We should have given Harijan Shadow more aid in his search.”
“How can you say such a thing, brother?” Radella said sharply. “He failed in his duty to Lord Chaos. If he is to redeem himself, then he must do so on his own.”
“But this is not merely about Harijan Shadow,” I reminded her. “This is also about the fact that the dragon king stole a blessed one from us and she needs to be rescued. Harijan Shadow shares a deep bond with her, and say what you will about Harijans, but he is particularly resourceful.”
“And reckless and suicidal,” Ariadna pointed out. “You know how many times he provoked the elites. If he ever got the opportunity, I know for a fact he would not have hesitated to provoke any one of us.”
“But he is not that way anymore,” Radella said with a dry smile. “His love for the human girl has changed him drastically.”
“His change in personality is not the issue,” I said. “We could have done far more to aid him in his search and if he found the blessed one, Lord Chaos would still judge him for his previous failure. The sacred brother would know that we too did everything we could to find her, even giving aid to a Harijan.”
Radella’s eyes widened. Even Ariadna looked slightly worried.
“He may be dead now,” Radella said after a while. “Thousands of our people have just perished.”
“Harijan Shadow has not,” I said. “I firmly believe that.”
“Then perhaps it is not too late to correct our error,” Radella said. “While the portal is being created, we will summon him.”
“But let us be sure not to give him too much aid.” Ariadna said. “I told him that if he carried out the will of Lord Chaos, he would be granted the rank of Kshatriya.”
“I take it that is a promise you regret making?” I asked coolly.
“He is a Harijan. A former serpent-worshipper. There is no way that Lord Chaos could ever truly favor him.” She grinned maliciously. “If I am ever forced to do as I promised, it will be an empty victory for him. He may possess the rank of a warrior, but he will always be remembered by all vampires as a Harijan. No Kshatriya will accept him. His past fellow Outcasts will ostracize him in their jealousy. No, my brother, I do not regret making this promise at all.”

***

Mercedes

Eulathrin’s response had been disturbing, but unsurprising. Much as I liked her, she never struck me as the overly compassionate type. While it turned my stomach to judge an entire species based on one individual, something told me that the sirens’ first priority was their own well-being. There was nothing wrong with that, of course, but there was a difference between self-preservation and self-centeredness. Eulathrin had completely written off the dragons like they were nothing.
I couldn’t give up, though. I had dedicated my life to helping people and the dragons were no different. I couldn’t challenge a god, but I could at least warn Tarasque if the sirens wouldn’t. My hand touched my neck as I remembered what happened the last time I warned him, but it was a risk I had to take. I couldn’t write off an entire race of people. I would rather die.
I flinched when I heard something behind me, but I wasn’t surprised at the sight of Blackhole. Rushing over to him, I immediately embraced his hard body.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
He made an impatient sound. Never mind me. Are you—?
A low, ominous growl emitted from him, and I understood when I saw that his seemingly eyeless face was pointed directly at my neck.
“I’m fine,” I insisted. “Blackhole, you…”
I trailed off with a gasp when his thick gray tongue emerged to lick my neck. The sensations were a bit rough at first, but it wasn’t long before they became soothing. When he finished, the pain in my neck and throat was completely gone.
“Thank you,” I whispered. 
I felt him flinch in my arms. Don’t mention it. And do not be afraid. He won’t ever hurt you again.
My eyes narrowed on their own accord. “Is that what Tezcatlipoca said?”
Yes.
“And you believe him?”
I have no choice.
I sighed. “Blackhole, what’s going on? Are the vampires and the dragons still fighting?”
No. Father received his sacrifice. The dragon warriors are all dead.
Ten thousand vampires were dead along with all of Tarasque’s warriors. The senseless loss of life clawed at me.
“How did the vampires manage to kill them?” I asked when I could speak again.
Blackhole went still in my arms. They have powerful weapons. But my kind did most of it by their order.
My throat went dry. “The Evanescence killed them?”
Yes. Our masters have been breeding us for generations. 
I couldn’t talk for a while after that. My nightmares had tormented me with unspeakable horror after unspeakable horror before and after the battle began, but I knew my puny imagination could not even begin to comprehend an army of Evanescence devouring the dragons. If I ever did comprehend it, the price would be my sanity.
Night fell and I gazed out the window, thinking. After the Evanescence devoured his warriors, I wanted to believe that a part of Tarasque knew what I had told him was true. Or at least he had to know Tezcatlipoca intended to destroy the dragons. Maybe not kill them, but I knew what the dark god had in mind was a fate worse than death. 
Tarasque can’t even collect the corpses of his warriors, I thought. Has that knocked some sense into him? Is that what it’ll take for him to listen to reason?
Blackhole let me be while I watched the sky. I absentmindedly petted him and let his purrs soothe my emotionally battered mind. As the sky continued to darken, my thoughts turned to my love again.
 “Blackhole, where’s Shadow?”
He’s here.
Incredulity flooded me. “He’s…here? By here you mean in the siren kingdom?!”
He needs to be kept safe. 
My grip on the Evanescence tightened. “Where is he? Where can I find him?”
You can ask your siren friend tomorrow. She will know. Inform her I told you and she will let you see him.
Elation making my fingers tingle I felt myself smile so hard it was painful, but I didn’t care. My love was safe. I would see him tomorrow. 
“Can I talk to him?” I asked breathlessly. My hand brushed away my hair to reveal the area where Shadow marked me. “Blackhole, I know you’re the reason I was able to talk to him those last two times. It was because you touched my mark. Can you do it again?”
He emitted a pathetic whine. I’m sorry. 
I was disappointed, but only for a moment. “That’s okay. So long as I’ll get to see him tomorrow…” It was all I could do not to jump up and try to find Eulathrin right then and there. “Blackhole, can you tell me if anything else is going on?”
Father intends to win. That is all I can say.
I nodded. “Then can you tell me how you were able to forge a telepathic link between myself and Shadow through my mark?”
He shifted in my arms and I loosened my hold, curious to see what he was trying to do. He flipped himself over onto his back, exposing his belly. The skin there was as black and shining as the rest of his body, but even in the dim light I could make out the X and the dragon heads on it. I blinked when it suddenly began to glow white and an even brighter black. 
Our masters call it the slave mark, Blackhole said. It is a brand of loyalty.
“I suspected as much,” I said bitterly. While it made me feel dirty that the mark that enabled Shadow to call me was nothing more than a cattle brand, I forced myself to get over it. I was anything but cattle to Shadow. Also I found myself feeling a new sort of kinship with this Evanescence upon seeing his mark and began to trace it gently with my fingertip. I barely registered the fact that Blackhole’s stomach skin felt noticeably softer when he squirmed in my arms and made a yipping sound. 
I smiled. “Tickles?”
Yes!
I continued to trace the mark. He continued to squirm and make that yipping sound. I laughed along with him. After a few minutes, he gently tackled me onto me back and began to lick my neck without mercy. 
“Okay, okay!” I struggled to speak through my laughter. “You got me!”
He growled smugly. I smiled and stroked the sides of his head. 
“What was your kind like before?” I asked quietly. “How different were you?”
He made a sound, but I couldn’t detect any emotions in it. It’s not our place to ask or to know.
I nodded. Shadow had told me that Blackhole had been born into slavery. How could he know about the past of his ancestors? I imagined that the only one privy to that knowledge was Tezcatlipoca. 
“Do you want to know?” I asked.
He was silent for a long moment. What would I do if I knew? What difference would it make?
“Blackhole, we all need to know where we came from,” I said. “A lot of times it can help us find out who we really are.”
I am a servant to the vampires, and I obey the will of my father. That is the way it will always be. He shifted uncomfortably in my arms. Please stop talking about this.
My hand ran down his back. “Okay.”
I should go now.
Despite his words, he remained in my arms, making no move to leave them. I smiled at him.
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.”
He made a growling sound and I could detect a good deal of relief and gratitude in it. I didn’t bother to get into the bed. Blackhole’s gentle purring lulled my exhausted my mind and body into a much needed slumber. 

***

Eulathrin

My next trip to the palace confirmed what I already knew: Smoking Mirror had returned. He was not after the sirens, but he had returned. And Father was not here to protect us from his wrath. We could only protect ourselves.
And we will, I thought as I was led into the queen’s chambers. Smoking Mirror will not get the better of us, nor his disgusting spawn. 
The massive doors swung open revealing chambers so large, a small dragon could easily fit in them. I looked up and saw the queen was meditating on the branch of the stone Tabula Rasa tree. The tree where all of siren royalty heard the voice of Father of the Morning Star. Folding my wings, I bowed my head and waited.
She did not keep me waiting long. Within minutes, I heard the whisper of wings and a soft, graceful landing in front of me. 
“Unfold your wings, faithful half-daughter and let our eyes meet.”
I obeyed. Queen Persephone’s hard, lined, but still lovely face softened slightly at me.
“Do you have something to report?”
“Yes, my lady. It concerns the human girl king Tarasque requested us to look after. Not only is she an ally of Smoking Mirror’s spawn, she claims to have heard his voice directly.”
Persephone’s face darkened. 
“And you will pledge your life to this fact?”
“I do. Her species is not nearly as resilient as ours. If she were lying, her body language would have betrayed her immediately.”
“Is she an ally of Smoking Mirror?”
“No. She is a compassionate creature. Despite King Tarasque’s treatment of her, she wishes to save the dragons from their inevitable fate. I will pledge my life to the fact that she despises Smoking Mirror.”
“But is she a tool of Smoking Mirror?”
I grimaced. “Yes, but an unwilling one.”
Persephone raised an elegant eyebrow. “Have you grown fond of your charge, Eulathrin?”
“I respect her. She is honorable and her commitment to the truth is as great as any siren’s.” I paused, then relented, “Yes, I am fond of her.”
“Well, so long as she possesses admirable qualities.” Hazel eyes narrowed at me. “Eulathrin, you know Smoking Mirror would never directly address any living creature unless said creature was of great value to his plans.”
“I am aware of this,” I said. 
 “Have you told her anything?” the queen asked. 
“She is still an outsider,” I said. “I have not revealed to her anything other than what she already knows.”
“We cannot kill her and attempting to use her would inevitably bring Smoking Mirror’s wrath on us. But let us keep her so long as he permits it. Continue to question her, but if he demands we give her up to his spawn, you will do so.”
“Yes, my lady.”
“You have not heard, but one of our fallen brothers delivered a vampire directly to our prison guards.”
“What?” I asked, astonished.
“He claimed we must keep this creature safe or risk Smoking Mirror’s wrath.” Persephone’s voice was bitter. “Also, our dragon spies have informed me that King Tarasque’s attack on the vampires has failed. Apparently, his warriors were slaughtered by an army of our fallen brothers at the vampires' command.”
My heart raced in my chest. “The vampires possess an army strong enough to defeat fully trained dragon warriors!?”
“Siren intelligence is second to none, but I doubt we will ever truly know what foul powers Smoking Mirror bestowed on our fallen brothers,” Persephone said. 
“And who knows what foul powers Smoking Mirror will give the dragons…” I whispered.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Mercedes. The human girl,” I clarified. “She claims Smoking Mirror himself told her that he plans to twist the dragons as he did our fallen brothers. He intends to make them slaves of the vampires as well!”
The queen’s amber skin went white. She clenched her teeth and let out a hiss of fury.
“My lady, we could be next…”
“That is mere speculation right now,” Persephone snapped. “The dragons are paying for their arrogance, and we will not get involved. I will not be known as the queen who provoked Smoking Mirror into destroying us all. Or worse, twisting us with his vile magic.”
“What can we do, my lady?” I whispered.
Persephone turned away from me. “I must pray from dawn until dusk, and hope Father of the Morning Star returns.” Her wings spread. “You are dismissed, Eulathrin.”
Because I was a siren, I continued to carry myself with pride and dignity after my meeting with the queen. Inwardly, I was deeply troubled. After Smoking Mirror was through with the dragons, I would be greatly surprised if he did not target the sirens next. Unfortunately, as the queen said, there was nothing we could do. Not without Father.  
I paused in my step as I approached Mercedes’ room with breakfast in hand. The queen was correct regarding my feelings for the human girl. Despite my species’ xenophobic nature, I had developed a genuine fondness for her during her short stay here. She was polite, well-mannered, and honorable. But what caused me to have such deep respect for her was that she never lied. Sirens abhorred liars. The truth was the most sacred thing in existence. It was a sin to defile it.
I entered her room and was surprised to see her fast asleep with her back propped up against the bed. Her arms engulfed her stomach as if she had been holding something. Putting her breakfast on a table, I made to walk away and let her rest but stopped when I heard her voice.
 “Mmm. Eulathrin?”
I turned around. She rubbed her eyes and blinked them several times. I could not help but be relieved when I saw that they had lost most of their redness. Then suddenly they bulged and she stood with a speed and grace that astounded me.
“Shadow,” she said breathlessly. “It’s Shadow. He’s here!”
Shadow. That was the name of her vampire mate. And the queen had just informed me…
“Eulathrin!” She ran up to me, radiating eagerness and joy. “Eulathrin, Shadow’s here in the siren kingdom. Please, can you take me to him?”
“How do you know this?” I whispered. “How did you know a vampire was here, let alone your mate?”
Her grin faded slightly. “Blackhole told me.”
“And who is Blackhole?”
“An Evanescence and Shadow’s friend. Eulathrin, please, can you take me to him?”
An Evanescence. The name the vampires had bestowed on our fallen brothers. 
This human girl could definitely not be trusted. If one of our fallen brothers was not only in contact with her but shared valuable information with her, then she was a vital tool to Smoking Mirror. Her hatred of him was merely a point in her favor. 
“Eulathrin?”
I nearly refused her request, but caught myself in time. If this fallen brother told Mercedes her vampire mate was here, he obviously wanted her to see him. Refusing meant defying Smoking Mirror.
“Of course,” I said and made myself smile. “I see no harm.”
Her smile returned in full force. “Oh, thank you!”
I was grateful that she immediately headed for the door, else she would have seen the look of pity on my face. Tools of Smoking Mirror always suffered terrible fates, and this child was blissfully unaware of that. Perhaps if she knew, she would forget about the dragons. 

***

Shadow

Mercedes. Hear me. Hear me, my love. Hear me.
I clutched my head, summoning every iota of will power I possessed. Ever since the two birdmen went away, I had been left to myself. No one had come to check on me, or feed me. I was weakening quickly. My insides felt like they were on fire. I could not even move my fingers without being reminded of how dry my skin was. But I would not be defeated. I did not need Blackhole to contact Mercedes. I would hear her voice again.
Another day passed. When I tried to stand up, I ended up on the floor and could not stop a groan of pain. No. Had to fight. Had to be strong. Mercedes needed me. And I would not fail her.
Footsteps down the hall. Gritting my teeth, I struggled to my feet. It took considerable effort to remain standing, but I would be damned if I showed weakness. 
The footsteps grew louder. There were four of them. But one set sounded rather out of place. It was different and the sounds were rapid. Desperate, eager. 
“Shadow? Shadow, are you there?”
My already cold blood froze in my veins. No, it couldn’t be…
“Shadow?”
It couldn’t be. 
But it was.
“Mercedes!” I tried to shout, but my voice barely came out a pathetic rasp. I didn’t care. I didn’t need to speak. I didn’t need blood. All I needed was—
They stopped in front of my cell. The two males before and a female. But all I saw was my love. My healthy, whole, beautiful love.
I gripped the bars, lest my relief and fatigue cause me to collapse. Dimly, I heard the angel of my dreams speak.
“He’s starving. Eulathrin, he needs blood! You have to let me in!”
The bird woman, Eulathrin, nodded at Hyllus who scowled but unlocked my cell with a wave of his staff. Mercedes wrenched the door opened and caught me when I found I could stand no longer. 
“Please leave us alone,” she said. 
I didn’t even hear the fading footsteps of the bird people. All I heard was Mercedes’ beating heart thrumming a song of unsurpassed beauty.
She was alive. I had not failed her completely. She was alive. She was with me.
“Shadow?” She eased us both to the floor. “Shadow, listen to me. You’re very weak. You need blood.” Her hand brushed her hair away from her neck. “Please. Take what you need. I give it freely.”
Still the cheater. And as usual, she won. At the sight of her neck, my vampire nature overcame me. I bit down hard. Mercedes gasped and held me close as I fed. Strength flooded my body and the terrible fires of thirst were quenched by the life living liquid. 
My love. I take you in me. You are mine for all eternity. 
I stopped before I could severely weaken her. Barely a moment after I let her drink from my wrist, I dragged us both to our feet and kissed her harder than I had ever kissed her in the painfully short time we had been together. 
Alive. She’s alive. Alive. Alive.
We broke apart, both gasping and desperately stroking the other’s face.
“My love.” My voice was still raspy, but this time from emotions that threatened to burst my heart. “My love, oh, my love. Are you all right? Please tell me you are all right.” 
“I’m fine,” she assured me. Gazing at me with tear-filled eyes, she was more beautiful than I had ever seen her. “What did I say, Shadow? What did I tell you? Everything is going to be okay.”
Unable to bear it any longer, I pressed her to me, burying my face in her hair. “You never cease to shame me, my love. I will always have faith in you. But when I saw that creature steal you away from me…” I gritted my teeth at the memory and welcomed the murderous intent rising in me. “Where is he? Where is the one who stole you from me?”
She stiffened in my arms. I drew back and took her face in my hands. “Mercedes?”
Her expression was deeply troubled. “Shadow…there are some things you need to know. It will take awhile and it won’t be easy to hear at all. But I swear on my life that everything I say is true.”
“My love,” I said fervently. “You have my implicit trust. I know you would never lie to me. Please tell me.”
She did. When she was finished, I found myself unable to stand. She sat beside me on the cot as I struggled to deal with what I had just been told.
Lord Chaos was actually Tezcatlipoca, Quetzalcoatl’s brother.
The Evanescence were actually Quetzalcoatl’s twisted children.
Ten thousand of my people were now dead because Tezcatlipoca wanted a sacrifice in exchange for the dragons, our future slaves.
Tezcatlipoca was the creator of the vampires.
My creator.
My father.
“Shadow…” Mercedes squeezed my hand. “I don’t think Quetzalcoatl abandoned you. Tezcatlipoca drove him away somehow. At least that’s what he told me.”
I was so torn it felt as though I were being ripped in half. Tezcatlipoca was my true creator, but I had worshipped his brother for centuries. Tezcatlipoca could be the reason the second fraction did not receive aid during the jihad, but we were still his true children. Why had he not told us the truth? Why not Quetzalcoatl? Did the ancients of the first fraction know? The second fraction? Had they kept it from us? Had my maker, who was like the father I never had, known? 
“Shadow?” Mercedes squeezed my hand harder. “Shadow, please, say something.”
Say something? What was there to say? What was there to do? Who could I possibly trust?
“I don’t know what you’re going through, but I do care. Please, I beg of you, let me help. I’ll do anything to help. Anything at all.”
I looked at her, at her pleading blue eyes, filled with love. 
I turned away.
“There is nothing you can do,” I said, getting to my feet. I did not see her eyes go wide or I would have known how cold my voice sounded. “No one can erase a lie once it is told.” 
“Maybe not.” She got up and took my hand from behind. “But at least we know they’re lies. We—”
“We know?” I looked at her incredulously. “What do we know, Mercedes? Do we know if Quetzalcoatl truly abandoned my people? Do we know if they died in vain? Perhaps he and Tezcatlipoca were working together! Do you believe Tezcatlipoca would tell you the entire truth? Do you trust his word?”
“Of course not!” she exclaimed. “I just…” She shook her head. “Someone like Tezcatlipoca would want me…and you to know what really happened. He’s like Xavier. He manipulates and waits so after you fall for his tricks, he can gloat. And I’ve heard the ancient legends. One says that he forced Quetzalcoatl to see his own reflection and he was so shamed by his appearance, he ran away. Another says that Tezcatlipoca tricked him into sleeping with his own sister. I’m not saying they’re true, but all legends are based on some truth.”
“I too have heard an ancient Aztec legend involving Tezcatlipoca and Quetzalcoatl,” I said and this time, I was fully aware of the icy chill in my voice. “Supposedly, they created the world together. There was an alliance between them.”
“And that alliance eventually broke,” Mercedes pointed out.
“But that is merely legend. Not truth.”
“Shadow, we’re not going to get anywhere debating whether or not the ancient Mesoamerican myths are true or not!”
“Then what do you propose we do?”
She bit her lip. “Tezcatlipoca wants to twist the dragons. I can’t let that happen. I need to talk to Tarasque again.”
“Are you mad?!” I yelled. “He kidnapped you!”
“Because Tezcatlipoca blackmailed him!”
“That is no excuse. He took you from me. He must pay.”
“Shadow, did you hear what I said?” she demanded. “The dragons will share the fate of the Evanescence if I don’t do something. An entire race of people, Shadow! You would condemn them all because you’re angry at one?”
I stared hard at her. “How would you describe your relationship with this dragon king?”
“He…we…” She trailed off with a pained look on her face.
“Has he ever hurt you? Tell me the truth!”
She looked away. “…yes.”
I yanked her chin up. “You are hiding something from me. What is it?”
“Tarasque, he…it’s my fault, I shouldn’t have asked him—”
“Tell me,” I whispered and didn’t care that I was using my powers of compulsion. 
“He wants to kill you, Shadow,” she confessed painfully. “To get back at me. He wants to kill you in front of me. That’s why you need to stay here for now. The sirens have a treaty with the dragons. You’ll be safer here than you would be in your dimension or mine.”
“No. I intend to get out of here right away,” I said. “And you are coming with me.”
“Shadow, I can’t—”
“This is not open for discussion.” I cut her off. “I have always admired your compassion, Mercedes, but not when it crosses into the realm of outright stupidity. The dragon king must pay for what he has done, and I will ensure that he never comes near you again.”
“It’s not up to you,” she said, face set in determination. “I can’t let the dragons be destroyed. I won’t.”
“Then you will come with me unwillingly,” I said coldly. “Either way, you will come with me.”

***************

Chapter 12

For two the truth is mindless jargon
Another makes the devil's bargain
A fourth whose guilt was predetermined
On deaf ears falls the angel's sermon 

Mercedes

After over a minute of me not saying a word, Shadow turned away and began to feel the bars. I just stood there, struggling to digest the fact that he would take me back against my will if he had to. A part of me didn’t blame him. I knew how worried he was for me. After all, he had just spent several days searching for me after witnessing my kidnapping. I could easily imagine his fear, his anger, his helplessness. Not to mention I had just told him that I fully intended to open negotiations with someone who had not only kidnapped me, but hurt me, and threatened to kill Shadow right before my eyes.
I understood. But I still had to do it. 
I sat down and studied Shadow as he continued to search the bars for a weak point. There was a definite change about him. A part of him was now closed off to me. I couldn’t blame him for that either. There were so many questions and so many lies about his origins. It would be enough to drive anyone insane. That wouldn’t happen to Shadow, though. I knew him. I had faith in him. His strength was boundless and I would support him through every step of the way. I would help him find the answers he sought.
But answers aren’t enough, my inner voice reprimanded me. As he said, you cannot erase a lie once it is told. 
“Does that bird woman trust you?” Shadow’s voice interrupted my thoughts.
“Bird wo—Shadow, she’s a siren and her name is Eulathrin,” I answered reproachfully.
“That is irrelevant.” He came up to me and put his face close to mine. “Does she trust you?” He pitched his voice low, perhaps fearful of being overheard.
“To an extent,” I whispered back.
He nodded. “I have a plan. But I need your full cooperation.”
“A plan to escape?” I said incredulously. “Shadow, all I know is that we’re in the kingdom of the sirens and a separate dimension. Where would we go? Where would we hide?”
“Obviously it would be foolish to escape without such knowledge,” Shadow conceded. “And that is why you must gather it from your siren friend.”
I nodded. “Maybe she can help. She’s not on Tarasque’s side as far as I’m concerned. And she has offered to help me before. But her first priority is her own people.”
“Her people are not my concern,” Shadow said flatly. “Getting you to safety is.”
“And where is safe, Shadow? My home? Yours?”
“You are a blessed one. The royal family will spare no expense in keeping you safe.”
“’Blessed’ by Lord Chaos who is really Tezcatlipoca,” I pointed out.
“It is our best chance, Mercedes,” Shadow insisted. “You are expendable to that dragon demon and your siren friend. Or am I wrong?”
He probably wasn’t. Eulathrin may consider me a friend, but I knew the well-being of the sirens was her first priority. Tarasque wanted to kill Shadow who was now in a siren prison. If I went back home, Tarasque could easily find me again, and I wouldn’t put it past him to hurt or kill my friends and family as punishment for my defiance. 
“Be logical, Mercedes,” Shadow said. “The dragon king already wishes to wipe out the vampires.”
“I know,” I said, not meeting his eyes. “But I can’t go with you. I have to warn Tarasque.”
“You already warned him and he repaid you by hurting you!” Shadow hissed. His eyes glowed that predatory pale blue. “You would be a fool to give him the opportunity to do so again!”
“And I would be heartless and selfish to run like a coward while Tezcatlipoca damns an entire race of people.”
“People,” Shadow sneered. “Those creatures have nothing to do with you, and their king wishes to see you suffer.”
I laughed bitterly. “Shadow you’re starting to sound like him. He was so surprised when I told him I wanted to save the vampires from annihilation. He said they had nothing to do with me expect for the fact that I’m in love with one.”
The low growl in the back of his throat indicated he did not appreciate the comparison at all.
“And what about your loved ones? What about the people in your life, Mercedes? Your friends, your family, me. Do you have any idea how much pain your death will cause us all? There is a worldwide manhunt for you. I saw the faces of your friends Nadine and Samuel. They are stricken with grief and worry. Everyday your parents pray that you will return home safely. And I have already told you that you are my soul. I promised you I would try, but I cannot live without you.” His hand touched my cheek. “You must consider all of the consequences before you make a decision.”
“I thought I had no choice,” I said coolly. “You told me you would take me by force.”
“If I have to. And I will. But I will do my utmost to convince you to come willingly. I know you wish to save everyone, Mercedes, but you cannot. That is the way of the universe. The sooner you accept that the better.”
You can’t save everyone.
This time it was me who moved away from him. I sat down on the cot and was grateful that Shadow began to test the bars for weakness again.
You can’t save everyone.
No one had ever said that to me. They simply praised me for helping others. It felt good to help others, but one thing had never occurred to me: for every person I helped, another would suffer. And if I directed my attention to that person, yet another would suffer in their place. Maybe even die. By helping one abused woman, the deaths screams of another would fade into oblivion. Because I made a choice.
Shadow was right. I couldn’t save everyone. It was the way of the universe and as much as it saddened me, I needed to accept it. Here I faced the same choice, only this time I was well aware of the consequences for both parties. If Tarasque killed me, I would cause my friends and family so much suffering. Shadow, too. But an entire race of people damned to be tortured and twisted…
People I loved.
An entire race of people.
It tore my heart in two equal halves.

***

Shadow

I let Mercedes be while testing the bars for weakness and brainstormed backup ideas to escape. More than anything, I wanted her to come with me willingly. I doubted even she would forgive me if I took her against her will. But there was no choice. That creature took her from me and harmed her. He would pay. 
“How do you propose that we get home?”
A jolt of hope went through me. “Does that mean you will come with me?”
“It means I want to hear about your plan to get home.”
I resisted the urge to sigh in exasperation. “As I said before, I need knowledge first. And that is where your siren friend comes is. You must question her carefully about her people’s methods of trans-dimensional travel.”
Mercedes’ eyes went wide. “You want me to trick her.”
“If you have to.” I narrowed my eyes. “Now is not the time to be overly compassionate, Mercedes. Not if we both want to survive this.”
“Even if I wanted to lie to Eulathrin, I couldn’t,” she replied sharply. “She’s too clever. She would see right through my subterfuge.”
“I have faith in you, my love,” I said. 
“I won’t lie to her, Shadow.”
“Damn it, Mercedes…” With a yell, I slammed by fist against the bars and cursed again. “If only I still had my Chaos wand. Damn Blackhole!”
“Blackhole?”
“Yes,” I hissed. “I forgot to mention it was he who brought me here.”
“I know. He told me.”
I whirled around. “What!?”
“Blackhole, he…” Her gaze wavered for a moment. “He’s been visiting me and keeping me informed. At least when he’s able.”
“When he’s able.” I laughed bitterly before gripping the bars in rage. “I should have ripped the answers from his mind. I knew something was strange with him, but I told him I did not wish for him to defy the gods. I trusted him.”
“And you weren’t wrong to!” Mercedes got up and grabbed my arm. “You can’t blame him for any of this, Shadow! He hates what Tezcatlipoca is making him do! And remember you’ve been worshipping and serving Tezcatlipoca for centuries without knowing it!”
“Precisely,” I spat. “I worshipped him without knowing who I was really worshipping. Blackhole does not have that excuse.”
“Maybe not. But he does hate it, and he’s dreading your reaction like nothing else. He’s terrified that you’re not going to forgive him.”
“As well he should,” I muttered.
“Shadow! After all you’ve been through together, you’re just going to write him off? You owe it to him if only for the fact that Xavier would have killed us both if not for him!”
Some of my anger abated. She was correct. Blackhole had played a vital role in Xavier’s defeat when he could have easily left us both to die.
“He’s also the reason you were able to talk to me telepathically,” Mercedes continued. “He’s done everything he can to help us without outright defying Tezcatlipoca. Is that what you want him to do? You yourself said you never wanted him to experience the consequences of defying—”
“All right!” I snapped. Softening my voice, I repeated, “All right. I will speak to him. I will hear what he has to say.”
Mercedes smiled. “I knew you would.”
We just had a long, heated argument, yet her faith in me had never wavered. I sighed, thinking for the thousandth time that I would never deserve her. 
“Mercedes, you must do your best to gather information from that siren,” I said at last. “Knowledge is power, and the brothers—” I stopped, grimaced, and continued. “—you and I know we need as much power as we can get.”
She nodded and embraced me. “I’m so sorry, Shadow. I never wanted to tell you any of this.”
“In truth, I would rather have you tell me that anyone else,” I said. I buried my face in her dark, golden hair and allowed her scent and warmth to soothe the confusion and betrayal festering in my soul. “I feel so lost, my love. I do not know what to have faith in anymore.”
“Then have faith in me. In us,” she whispered. “And have faith that I’ll help you find whatever it is you’re looking for.”
I crushed her against me. “Yes, my love,” I breathed. “So long as I have you I will never be truly lost.”
As always when I held her, I felt her strength. But this time I also felt her fragility. She could be killed so easily.
“Mercedes, you must swear to me that you will not contact the dragon king.”
I did not tell her that I was holding onto the last thread of reason I possessed. If she refused, I would attempt to escape with her now, consequences be damned.
“Okay, I promise,” she said after a moment that seemed like an eternity. I nearly fell to my knees in relief. “But Shadow, if he wants to see me there’s nowhere I can hide from him. Not even Eulathrin would be able to protect me.”
Quelling a murderous desire toward the siren female, I said, “Then we must escape from here as quickly as we can.” I held Mercedes closer, wanting to kill something, anything. “You know what you must do.”
“I do.”
We held each other until the sirens came to take Mercedes away. It was everything I could do not to leap at them and rip their hearts out. 
“I’ll come every evening to give you blood,” she assured me before she left.
More than blood, I thought.
When she was gone, the loneliness made my new wounds all the more painful and the anger all the more potent. I wanted to rage at them all: Quetzalcoatl, Tezcatlipoca, the elites, the Untouchables who had known the truth, the royal family.
The royal family.
They knew. Of course they knew. They took pride in flaunting our people’s Mesoamerican roots. But they kept Tezcatlipoca’s true identity a secret, and pretended there was a Lord Order. 
No. There was a Lord Order. And his name had been Quetzalcoatl.
Was it mockery? Did they wish to mock us by having us continue to worship the deity we grew to hate so for abandoning us? Did he really abandon us? If not, where was he? Why did he permit us to suffer under the elites for so long? Who was the real enemy?
I clutched my head. So many questions. So many lies. What could save me from going mad?
Have faith in me. In us.
Yes. Mercedes and my relationship with her was the only thing I could have faith in. The only thing I trusted. The only thing I cared about. Meaning that anyone who threatened it was the enemy.
Meaning Tezcatlipoca was the enemy.
Meaning the royal family was the enemy.
Meaning the dragons were the enemy.
Meaning Blackhole was the enemy.
For Mercedes’ sake, I would allow him to say his piece. But so long as he obeyed Tezcatlipoca, he was still the enemy.
I smiled as I welcomed the new clarity in my mind. 

***

Mercedes

When Eulathrin took me back to my room, I knew why it felt as though there was a dagger in my stomach. I had promised Shadow that I would not contact Tarasque, yet I knew I would end up breaking that promise.
I shouldn’t have made it, I thought miserably. I made it because it was what he wanted…needed to hear. I made it because I was weak. And I need to be strong.
“Is something wrong, Mercedes?” Eulathrin asked me.
“I did something I shouldn’t have,” I whispered before ruthlessly shoving down my despair. I could not take back a lie once it was told, but I could fulfill my other promise to Shadow. “Eulathrin, do you know a way Shadow and I could get home?”
The siren’s face was grim. “Your vampire mate wishes to escape with you.”
“Yes, and he needs to go home. I realize now he can be safer there. His people can protect him.”
“You mean his people’s army can protect him,” Eulathrin corrected.
My eyes widened. “You know about the vampire’s army of Evanescence?”
Despite her grimness, there was also a great pride in her expression. “Siren intelligence is second to none, young human.”
“I figured that,” I said. “Shadow needs to go home, but I need to stay here. At least long enough for me to warn Tarasque again.”
“That would be beyond foolish, Mercedes.”
“If you won’t warn him, then I have to. I could die, yes, but I would never be able to live with myself if I just stood by and did nothing while an entire race of people were damned.”
“I see a good deal of reproach in your eyes.” There was a very dangerous chill in Eulathrin’s voice. “You condemn the sirens for wishing to protect ourselves.”
“Of course not! But to completely write the dragons off—”
Eulathrin’s wings flared ominously “I will not be lectured by you, human child. My duty is to my people, and I will not involve them in a war that is not theirs.”
“And why are you so certain that it isn’t yours?” I asked quietly.
She glared at me. “What do you speak of?”
“You’re terrified of Tezcatlipoca. That’s understandable of course, but you never asked me any questions about him when I first mentioned his name. You can’t merely know of Tezcatlipoca, you know what he really is and what he’s capable of. Am I wrong?”
I could tell that she was struggling to remain composed. There was a definite tremor to her scaled hands and while her eyes were angry, they were also afraid.
“All you need to know is that we do not cross him,” she finally said. “The consequences would be unthinkable. It is also obvious to me that you are a tool in his plans. Am I wrong?”
“No,” I said and shuddered as I remembered hearing his voice. “He called me ‘little key.’”
“All the more deadly for you,” Eulathrin said. “If you value your well-being, then obey him and he may release you if he grows bored of you.”
She was patronizing me, but I didn’t care. “If you know what he’s capable of, then you know he won’t leave you alone even if you don’t interfere with his plans.”
“That is mere speculation.”
My eyes narrowed. “First they came for the communists and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a communist. Then they came for the trade unionists and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a trade unionist. Then they came for the Jews and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a Jew. Then they came for me and by that time, no one was left to speak up.”
Eulathrin blinked. “What?”
“Those were the words of a man by the name of Martin Neimoller,” I said and wasn’t at all abashed at how hard my voice was. “When the Nazis rose to power in Germany, he supported them. But they didn’t believe he supported them enough so he was persecuted along with the Jews, the communists, and the trade unionists. People he previously thought should be persecuted simply for being who they were.”
Maybe she didn’t understand exactly what I was talking about, but I hoped the underlying message was clear.  
“I don’t know what it is, but I do know you have some kind of connection to Tezcatlipoca,” I continued. “Why else would Blackhole bring Shadow here of all places to be kept safe?” My voice grew pleading. “He will come after you next, Eulathrin, I know it. And when he does, who will speak up for you?”
For a moment, she looked like she was wavering. Then the line of her jaw hardened. “The sirens speak for themselves, and they fight for themselves. That is the way it has always been, and that is the way it always will be.”
“Eulathrin—”
She pointed her staff at me. The dark gem on the tip seemed to crackle with electricity.
“I said that is enough.”
No despair, I told myself. You tried.
“Okay,” I whispered holding up my hands.
She pulled her staff away. “I will take you to your vampire mate every evening so you can give him nourishment. But the both of you will stay here until Smoking Mirror says otherwise. There will be severe consequences for escape attempts. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” I said.
“And because you are a tool in Smoking Mirror’s plan, my people will ensure that no harm comes to you. By order of the queen, King Tarasque is forbidden from setting foot on siren land if his purpose is to come into contact with you.”
I blanched. “Won’t that be a violation of the treaty your people have with the dragons?”
Eulathrin smiled mirthlessly. “You and I both know that the treaty will not matter soon enough.”

***

Brandon

Three days after our home was invaded, three days after the vampires went underground for their lives, the royal family sent out a message deeming it safe for us to emerge. We did with understandable caution and with whatever weapons we possessed from rifles, to spears, to our fangs. 
While several buildings were damaged, not a trace of the slaughter that had just taken place remained thanks to the Evanescence. If anyone lost friends or family, all they could do was wait and pray to the brothers that their loved ones escaped unharmed. Ironically, it was the Outcasts who had possessed the best chance at surviving. Ever since we had been ‘introduced’ to vampire society, our people had secretly built various underground passages should the royal family ever change their minds and order us wiped out. I did possess concern for a few of my friends, but nearly all of it was reserved for Shadow.
“Can you call him?” Morgan whispered behind me.
I hailed him on my comm. After ten minutes, I knew he wouldn’t or couldn’t answer.
“I still have the frequency on my wand,” I said, doing my best to keep my sorrow to myself. “We can deliver it to the royal family.”
Morgan put a hand on my arm and stared at me with sympathetic eyes. “I’m not very good at this, and for as long as I can remember I didn’t believe in it. But if we want to get through this, we need to have faith.”
“Did I just hear you say the word faith?” I asked incredulously.
“Don’t rub it in. It’s a one-time thing,” she warned.
“But I really must know. Whatever brought it about?” When she didn’t answer, I smiled. “It was the reward Mercedes asked from the royal family, correct?”
Morgan hissed at me, fangs bared. “If you tell her—”
“—calm down.” I held up my hands. “Your secret’s safe with me.”
“Good,” she huffed. “Now we need to decide what to do.”
I looked at my Chaos wand. “Perhaps we should check on the progress of our portal first.”
“Excellent idea. If it’s ready, we can escape through it if they decide to kill us.”
“That and if Shadow is dead, we must rescue Mercedes.”
“Won’t the royal family do that? She’s a blessed one after all.”
I looked at her. “My dear, can you imagine the life she would lead under the royal family? With Shadow gone, with no one to look out for her, even an Outcast, they could strip her of her old life. Perhaps they could even force her to turn.”
“You’re saying we should bring her with us if, the brothers forbid, we have to run?” Morgan was incredulous. “They’ll hunt us like dogs with a blessed one in tow!”
“I owe it to Shadow,” I said grimly. “And we both owe it to Mercedes. You know this, Morgan.”
She looked away, biting her lip. 
“The royal family isn’t after us yet,” I said. “So how about we accomplish what we can before, if, they do come after us?”
“Fine, fine,” Morgan grumbled.
We made our way to the lab of Andre, one of the best vampire technicians in the history of our people. But only a select few were privy to that information. Like so many Outcasts, Andre used his treatment at the hands of the elites to hone his survival instincts and skills. One of which was learning how to hide his talents. As a result, many of his more brilliant inventions would never see the night. And that was perfectly fine with him.
“Come in, come in.” He ushered us inside when we arrived at his doorstep. “You made sure you weren’t seen, yes?”
“Andre, in case you didn’t notice, everyone’s a little bit distracted right now,” Morgan pointed out dryly.
“Really? I hadn’t noticed.” A sarcastic smirk shone through his grease-smeared, but striking face. “Follow me. I’ll show you what I’ve done so far.”
He led us into one of his more private labs and gestured toward a table on the far end. On it was a Chaos wand floating in a sphere of red light.
“You gave me a very complex frequency, kid,” Andre commented as Morgan and I examined his work. “Don’t get me wrong, it’s amazing and I’m grateful to serve the brothers. If you do have to use it, see if you can get some more for me. I’d love to tinker with them.”
“We’ll see,” I said. “How far are you along?”
“Well, like I said, it’s very complex and I don’t exactly have the best equipment. I’ll need at least another month before I can even think of testing it with one of our people.”
A month. That was a very depressing revelation.
“Brandon, we can’t wait a month,” Morgan said. “They’ll kill us for sure if we do!”
Andre frowned. “Why would they kill you? I thought you said they had the frequency also.”
“Shadow was supposed to deliver it, but we haven’t heard from him,” Morgan replied. “There’s a very good possibility that he’s dead.”
“If the royal family doesn’t have it and we do,” Andre said slowly. “Then that isn’t good. At all.”
“No. And we can’t wait a month to tell them. Apart from killing us, the dragons can use that time to assemble an army that could destroy us all, Evanescence or not.” I sighed, resigned. “We have no choice. We have to bring the frequency to the royal family.”
“Just leave my name out of it,” Andre cautioned. “I’ll continue working. Maybe I’ll be able to find some kind of haven for the Outcasts. You won’t die in vain.”
“That’s good to hear,” Morgan muttered.
“But we’re not dead yet,” I pointed out. “So let’s—”
A growling sound halted my words. Andre, Morgan and I bared our fangs and drew our weapons, but we all relaxed when an Evanescence emerged from the darkness. A very familiar Evanescence.
“Blackhole?” I said incredulously.
He barked an affirmative and bounded up to me. I knelt and put a hand on his head, hoping I could create a quick bond strong enough to speak to him. Thankfully, he seemed eager to communicate with me in turn. 
The royal family has the frequency. I gave it to them.
Hope rushed through me. “Does that mean Shadow’s alive?”
He’s alive.
“And Mercedes?”
She’s alive, too.
“Where are they?” 
Blackhole backed away from me. I tried to reach out for him again, but he just moved out of my reach again.
I frowned. “Blackhole, what is it?” I got up and advanced on him. “Where are Shadow and Mercedes?”
With clear reluctance, he came up to me again.
Tell Andre to finish the portal. You’ll need it later.
Before I could answer, he ran off.
“Hey! Blackhole, wait!”
I chased him, but once I got to the entrance I knew I had no hope of catching him.
“Well?” Morgan demanded. “What the hell was that all about?”
“I’m not sure,” I said slowly before repeating what Blackhole told me. 
“Oh, bless Lord Order,” Morgan breathed, practically sagging in relief. “We’re not going to die.”
“That remains to be seen.” Andre hung back behind us looking grim. “You sure that thing can be trusted?”
“That 'thing' is Shadow’s hunting partner and closest friend,” I said curtly. “He knows Shadow better than I ever could.”
“Maybe, but there’s a reason I never took an Evanescence as a slave,” Andre said. “I’ve always felt that there’s something about them. Something that isn’t right. I wouldn’t trust an Evanescence with anything.”
“Shadow trusts him,” I said. “That’s good enough for me.”
“Then why’d he run off on you like that? And how does he know that your friend and his mortal are safe? Thought they were taken to another dimension.”
I didn’t know. My ignorance fed my suspicions, but still…
“He wouldn’t do anything to hurt Shadow or Mercedes. I’m certain of it.”
“Regardless of what that thing said,” Andre turned around, “I’m gonna keep working on the portal. If I could find someplace the Outcasts can go where they wouldn’t have to see the ugly mug of an elite ever again, it’d all be worth it.”
“He’s right, you know,” Morgan said after we left. “We could use the frequency to find a haven for the Outcasts. We could build our own society free of the elites or the royal family!”
I didn’t reply.
“Brandon?”
When I still remained silent, Morgan grabbed my arms and spun me around. “Hey, what’s wrong? Do you think I’m a fool for believing we can actually be free? Brandon, do you know how long it's been since I've believed in something other than our love?”
I did know. Looking into her beautiful, angry, desperate eyes I took her face in my hands.
“Morgan, listen to me,” I said. “If there was a way for us to live out our lives in true freedom, in true peace, I would move heaven, earth, and hell all at once to make that happen. But the truth is…” I sighed. “…that’s not just an expression. To gain our freedom, we will have to move heaven, earth, and hell all at once. Finding a place to go would only be one battle in an entire war. And after the war, we will not be the same people, we probably won’t even recognize each other…or ourselves."
"You think I don't know that?" Morgan said, enraged. "You think I don't remember what we both had to do just to be together!?" She practically shrieked the last two words. 
She was right. Both of us had already moved heaven, earth, and hell. By the brothers, we had moved hell. All just to be together. 
"I'm sorry," I whispered.
Her face softened. “We changed after all that. We changed after the jihad, and we changed from the elite’s oppression. I’m not afraid to change. I’m afraid of breaking. But that won’t happen so long as I have you. I will always believe in our love above anything else. ”
She kissed me, and I deepened it immediately to let her know her feelings were entirely mutual.

***

Shadow

Unfortunately, my new sense of clarity soon gave way to fear. I had faith in Mercedes, but would that siren kill her merely for asking questions? Would that demon lizard kill her? 
I cursed myself for letting her out of my sight, for not fleeing with her when I had the chance. As the hours ticked by, my fear of losing her began to quickly eat away at my reason and my previous plan. I needed to escape with her. It did not matter if I did not know where I truly was or if I risked being caught by the sun. We were surrounded by enemies. We needed to escape now.
When my enhanced hearing picked up familiar footsteps in the distance, I instantly stood up and projected an aura of calmness and control.
She entered my line of vision, beautiful, smiling, and radiant.
“Hello, Shadow.”
The sirens unlocked my cell. It took everything I had not to let the rage show on my face when I saw that there were six guards accompanying her instead of three. Even with my speed, I could not grab Mercedes and run past them. She would have to be in my cell already. Very well. I would escape with her once they came to get her.
 “Mercedes?” I pulled back when I felt how stiff she was in my arms. “Are you all right?”
She shook her head. Her radiance had faded, leaving her face pinched and worn. “Eulathrin’s not going to help us. She told me that she has orders from the siren queen to keep us here unless Tezcatlipoca says otherwise.”
“That is unfortunate,” I said, while making a mental note to rip the female’s throat out before escaping. “But not fatal. We will escape here.”
“And I thought you’d also like to know,” she added with a bitter smile. “Tarasque is now forbidden from coming here.”
How disappointing, I thought. But as with the siren female’s treachery, it was not fatal. That demon lizard would die by my hands. It was only a matter of time.
“That is good news for him,” I said. “He should bless whatever gods be believes in that he will be granted a few more moments of life.”
Mercedes stared at me, her mouth tightening in disapproval. Then she turned away. While the knowledge that I had disappointed her made me sick, I was also indignant. 
“Why must you be this way?” I demanded, putting my hands on her upper arms. “He took you away from me! He hurt you! He wishes to kill me and every last vampire in existence, and you said it was to make you suffer!” I shook her slightly. “How can you still defend him?!”
“I’m not defending what he did,” she insisted, still not looking at me. “But I can’t overlook what Tezcatlipoca is going to do to him and his race. I can’t, Shadow.”
She broke herself free from my hold and walked in front of the bars, back hunched and gripping her elbows. 
“You,” I hissed suddenly understanding her body language. “You were planning on meeting with him.”
She flinched and turned her head to look at me. Her face was guilty but also resolute. 
“I had to try, Shadow. I shouldn’t have made that promise to you, and I’m sorry for it. But—”
“There is no ‘but.’” My voice rose to a snarl. In a flash, I had her pinned against the bars. “You swore to me that you would not see him and I assure you, my love, that is a promise I intend to make you keep.”
Her breathing was elevated and her eyes were wide. But not from the excitement I always provoked in her when I brought our bodies together. 
“Shadow, what’s happening to you?”
Her question and her tone were like a knife, but a blunt one. The pain it caused was easily ignored.
“I made a grave error during our battle with Xavier,” I said. “I did not wish to take away your freedom or make your choices for you. I thought I could still protect you. He nearly took you from me thanks to my foolishness.”
Her mouth fell open. “You think you could have kept me safe by locking me up!?”
“Yes,” I hissed.
“And maybe you could have,” she replied. Her blue eyes were so cold they could have rivaled Queen Radella herself. “But if you were the type of person to lock me up against my will, I never would have fallen in love with you.”
The knife in my heart was growing sharper. I forced the pain down.
“I am not going to lose you,” I bit out through clenched teeth.
She didn’t reply. Instead, her hands came up to cup my face. 
“Don’t you see what your fear is doing to you?” she asked softly. “I’ve never seen eyes like yours before, Shadow, but countless women have. It’s the reason they beg me to help them.” The tenderness in her voice suddenly transformed into steely resolution. “I love you more than anything, but if try to control me…if you turn into one of them…then I can’t be with you.”
Those were the words that drove the knife right into my heart. I backed away in the vain hope that distancing myself from the source of the pain would drive it out of my system. But the one in front of me was not the source. I was. She continued to stare at me, so calm, so determined, so strong. She had shamed me so many times before, but this…this was worse. So much worse. With her simple declaration she informed me what I had known for a while, but could never bring myself to fully admit it: she was stronger than I could ever hope to be. She could and would live without me. But I could not live without her. I could not let her go. 
And that is the only way you will ever come close to deserving her, my inner voice said.
I could escape with her. I could take her against her will, but it wouldn’t be to save her. It would be to save a despicable, selfish creature who once valued honor more than he ever would his life. Who had once offered to end her life in order to spare her the pain of a sadistic elite’s torture. For her and no one else. 
I looked at my hands and backed away another step.
What was happening to me? Nothing no elite did to me ever made me act this way.
A gentle touch on my arm.
“Is this who you want to be, Shadow?”
I looked at her. Allowed myself to see her strength, her willingness to let me go if the price to stay with me was her self-respect.
My fingers brushed her cheek.
“At first I wished to protect you from Xavier because of my honor,” I said. “But as my feelings for you changed I found myself willing to go back on it if it meant protecting you. I watched you through Blackhole’s eyes. Spied on you.” My fangs ground in my gums as I was assaulted by guilt. “I regretted it so. I know what it is like to be watched, to feel as though you cannot so much as exit your home without feeling malevolent eyes on you. I swore I would tell you and beg your forgiveness. And that is what I am doing now.”
She searched my features and apparently found what she was looking her, for she then smiled.
“Of course I can forgive you. What you did was wrong, but I can see that your intentions were pure. You didn’t spy on me because of self-destructive emotions. You don’t want to be like them.”
“No,” I said harshly, desperate for her to understand. “No, I would rather die, but…things have changed, my love. I have changed. Right now, you are the embodiment of my faith. You are everything I have, everything I am holding onto. I cannot imagine what you must think of me for being so weak—”
“No,” she said sharply, seizing my face in her hands. “No, you are not weak. You’re lost, confused, and betrayed, but you’re not weak. A weak person wouldn’t have listened to a word I said. A weak person would by lying to me right now, while secretly planning to lock me up in order to keep me ‘safe.’”
I put my shaking hands on her shoulders. “I wanted to take you away. I was planning on doing so after the guards opened the door. And I would have done so with or without your consent.”
“I know,” she said. “I could see it in your eyes.”
I was stunned. “Then why—?”
“Because you didn’t. You could have taken me away against my will, but in the end you chose not to. Because you’re better than that. Shadow…” She took my hands in hers. “If the opportunity arises, I will speak to the dragon king. Even if I were to put all of my compassion aside, I tell you that leaving them to Tezcatlipoca will only bring disaster. On all of us. I have to at least try. Do you understand?”
I knew she was giving me more than the truth. She was giving me her trust. And while my emotions screamed at me to follow through with my previous plan, her trust formed a shield in front of those emotions so they did not consume me. 
I only hoped it would remain strong.

***

Tarasque 

In front of the Mirror, my mind brewed several plans to destroy the vampires. After three weeks, I settled on the last one simply because it was the most satisfying.
Use Mercedes as bait.
Before her death, Leyan had given me her report after she completed her mission to find a portal to the vampire world. In an encounter with a vampire, the creature revealed that Mercedes was valuable enough to the royal family that they would attempt to kill me in order to get her back. There was my solution: I would lure the vampires to ground they were completely unfamiliar with. Ground that was protected by magic and my forefathers. They could not defeat me here. What use was possessing a powerful army if one had no idea how to direct it?
Yes. I would lure the vampires here, and I would destroy them all.
I do hope you acknowledge the delicious irony, Your Majesty. The Mirror filled with dark gray smoke in response to Necoc Yaotl’s voice. You were defeated because you carelessly sent your soldiers in without bothering to examine your enemy. Now you hope the vampires will make the same error.
“They will,” I said. “The human girl is important to them. And because they defeated my soldiers, they are bound to underestimate us. It will be their downfall.”
Then you must admit I did not lie. The girl is the key to dragon victory.
“No,” I said. “She is merely bait. My power and strength will be the key to dragon victory.”
If you say so.
Necoc Yaotl’s laughter faded along with the smoke in the Mirror. 
Because it was too dangerous to send my warriors into vampire territory for the time being, I sent a few of them to the human world. There they would take human form, go to human places where vampires were known to skulk, and inform them that the dragon king was planning to kill Mercedes Strand in a short while. If the royal family desired her back, they would have to send their forces into dragon territory, and my warriors had orders to provide them with the means of creating a portal. Perhaps the royal family would not expend all of their forces to retrieve Mercedes, but I knew it would be enough to weaken them. And while they weakened, my spies would uncover the secrets of their army of unnamed creatures. Without those creatures, they would not last a day under a dragon assault.
I smiled, reveling in the satisfaction of my upcoming victory. The vampires would die and it would be because I had taken Mercedes.
Yes, my conniving, manipulative little treasure, the vampires will die because of you.
I wanted to inform her. I wanted to see the devastation on her face. She had tried to use me, and as punishment, I would use her to destroy what she most held dear. Casting a basic communications spell on one of the many emerald globes in my horde, I called for the siren Eulathrin. Her face materialized on the smooth, green surface a moment later.
“What is your wish, King Tarasque?”
“Good evening, Eulathrin,” I greeted politely. “I wish to see the piece of my treasure that is in your care. Please inform her that I will be arriving soon.”
The siren did not answer. She merely stared at me.
I frowned. “Did you hear me, Eulathrin?”
“I did,” she replied. “And by orders of the queen, I will not oblige. She also wishes you to know that you or any other dragons are hereby forbidden from setting foot into siren territory.”
I was silent for a while due to incredulity. Then my incredulity gave way to rage.
“With those words, you have not only renounced the treaty but committed an unforgivable betrayal,” I replied with deadly calm. “In forbidding me from retrieving my treasure, you steal it from me, and a dragon always avenges his stolen property. For her sake, I sincerely hope your queen is prepared for the consequences.”
My rage boiled when Eulathrin smiled.
“Oh, she is prepared for the consequences, Your Majesty. All sirens are. Unfortunately, you are not prepared for the consequences you have brought on yourself by provoking the entity who now torments you.”
“Necoc Yaotl,” I whispered through bared teeth. “You know of him?”
“He possesses many names,” Eulathrin said with a shrug. “The sirens call him Smoking Mirror.”  
Smoking Mirror. That certainly made sense. 
“Then you have just admitted another betrayal, siren,” I seethed. “The dragons possess an enemy that you knew of, yet you did not warn me.”
“In warning you, I would have doomed my people,” Eulathrin said coldly. “The only thing I can do for you is give you a small bit of advice: do exactly as he says. It is your best chance.” She paused, then said, “Actually, you have no chance. You are doomed. All you can do is accept that fact.”
“Dragons surrender to no one,” I snarled.
Eulathrin smiled again. “That is inconsequential. You will not be given that option.”
“ENOUGH!” I bellowed. “Your people have made a deadly enemy, Eulathrin. Once the vampires are destroyed and my revenge on Necoc Yaotl extracted, my next target will be the sirens.”
“Your threats to my people are also inconsequential.” She smiled yet again, smug, arrogant, and reassured. “You will not be able to carry them out. Smoking Mirror will ensure that you are otherwise occupied.”
“Pray to whatever gods you believe in, Eulathrin,” I hissed. “I am coming for my treasure right now and any siren that gets in my way will perish.”

***

Eulathrin 

After enduring King Tarasque’s insufferable threats, I proceeded to inform Queen Persephone of this new development. 
“This certainly is a dilemma,” the queen mused. “I could just let him have the human. That may or may not anger Smoking Mirror.”
“King Tarasque does not desire her dead,” I said. “I pledge my life to that fact.”
“Even so…” The queen paced, her wings flaring every now and then in concentration. “I must choose the course of action that will result in the least amount of damage to our people. It is definite that King Tarasque will kill anyone who gets in his way. Perhaps he will even bring warriors with him.”
“Our warriors know how to kill dragons, my lady,” I said. “You know we perfected the method long ago.”
“That we did. We would win. But against the king himself along with several warriors, the price would be astronomical. It would take decades, perhaps even centuries for us to fully recover.”
My own wings flared in contemplation. “This is not a decision to be made lightly.”
Oh, it is simple enough. I pledge my life to that fact.
Queen Persephone did not call her guards, but her hand tightened on her staff.
“Come out, fallen brother,” she commanded. “Or do you fear the light?”
He emerged from behind the trunk of the Tabula Rasa tree, dark, hideous, and deadly.
The light is something I have never feared, Your Majesty, he replied as he inched toward us on those black, slender legs. There are far more important things to fear, as you very well know.
“That I do,” Persephone said coldly. “Do you bring a message from our evil uncle?”
I do. You do not need to fear the wrath of King Tarasque. He will come for the human, but he will not succeed in taking her. My father will ensure that.
“And what are your father’s intentions toward the sirens, fallen brother?” Queen Persephone asked softly.
You will not be harmed so long as you do not interfere.
The queen was visibly relieved. I less so.
“You can assure Smoking Mirror that the sirens will not interfere with his plans. As queen of the sirens, I pledge my life to this fact.”
A wise decision.
He vanished, and the shimmer that rippled through the queen’s glossy wing feathers conveyed satisfaction.
“We will survive this,” she said in a strong, clear voice. “The sirens will always survive. Always.” When she saw my expression, she frowned. “Is something wrong, Eulathrin? Are you afraid for your human friend?”
“I possess pity and fondness for her, my lady. That is all. And you heard what our fallen brother said. King Tarasque will not succeed in taking her.”
“Then she will remain in your charge. And you will continue to question her.”
“Yes, my lady.”

***

Blackhole

Your performance was stunning as always, dear child.
I gave no indication that I had heard, continuing to stare at Shadow and Mercedes from my hiding place.
The sirens are almost as despicable as the dragons, Father continued. He did not sound angry at my silence. So cowardly and pretentious. The only thing that redeems them is their incredible architectural skills. Their structures are so bright and golden. The color alone would tempt me to unleashing a sea of your siblings into their cities.
I still didn’t reply. I was well aware of how much Father relished in the destruction of bright and beautiful things. He much preferred dark and beautiful. 
Look at my greatest creation, dear child, Father whispered. Look at it.
I obeyed. My eyes locked solely onto Shadow who was now pressing his forehead against his love’s.
Love is such a disgusting thing, but I will never deny that it has its uses. Before he had nothing to lose. Now he has everything to lose and there is nothing he will not do to keep it. He will kill, he will maim, he will do whatever it takes to protect the one he loves. 
Shadow’s eyes opened again. Mercedes’ were still closed so she could not see his burn ice blue with predatory possessiveness and protectiveness. 
The violence of his ancestors runs strong through his veins, Father said. Many vampires have forgotten just how barbaric and bloodthirsty their human counterparts once were. As the centuries pass, as humanity evolves, they prefer to use material weapons to do their dirty work for them. There was a time, child, when they were not afraid to use their hands…or their teeth. There was a time when they wanted to feel the texture of their own species’ flesh in their mouths. Taste the copper of their own blood on their tongues. They abandoned their rationality, the only thing that separated them from common animals. They let their brutal instincts dominate them. It was beautiful, child, and I could not let time erase them from existence. In those humans, I sired the greatest of all races: the vampires.
He was right. The vampires were the superior race. And after centuries of planning, he would show the universe just how superior.
Your master’s relationship with the key has served me well, child, Father said. But all good things must come to an end. You will see to that.
Panic flooded me to the point where I completely forgot myself. 
Father, I—
My words were immediately drowned by my own screams. The agony was not physical, however. Father ripped into my mind and transported me to another reality. A reality where I was not what the vampires called the Evanescence, but a creature of indescribable grace, beauty, and light. I was the embodiment of goodness, I was purity in its essence. I was the antithesis of what I truly was. 
And it threatened my very sanity.
Father released me from the hideous torture after what seemed like years. My legs were unable to support me, and I collapsed. My mind felt as if it had been drowning in a river of fire. My body did not feel much better.
You belong to me, child, Father rumbled. There are countless extensions of my will and they are all expendable. You would do well to remember that.
I knew he was not talking about death. 
His presence left my mind, and I was left alone. Though my vision was weak, I could still see Shadow and Mercedes talking, sharing gestures of affection and love. The pain in my soul tripled as I was hit by a wave of loneliness so intense I almost wished for death to claim me. But there was something I desired more than death. I wanted to be with them. I wanted Shadow to put his hand on my forehead and let me feel the comfort and security of our bond. I wanted Mercedes to hold me in her arms and bathe myself in her compassion.
I wanted to be with my family.
The echo of Father’s laughter mocked me as I wished for things that were against my very nature. Things I would never deserve. For what I was about to do, I should be wishing for the exact opposite. 
Yes, Father, I will do as you wish. I will aid you in destroying their happiness. I am naught but an extension of your will.
No matter how much I wish to be more.

***

Shadow

As a vampire, my warrior discipline only went so far. As I held Mercedes in my arms, I kept my growing anxiety and frustration strictly to myself. Or so I thought.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, taking my hand.
I squeezed hers in turn and smiled. “Nothing,” I replied.
She smiled back. “I won’t pressure you, but talking does help.”
“I am worried,” I confessed after a long silence. “Nothing has happened in an entire month. You are certain the dragon king has made no attempts to contact you?”
She sighed. “I’ve answered that three times in the past four days, Shadow, but I’ll answer it once more: Tarasque hasn’t contacted me, but I promise I’ll tell you when he does.”
Her patient tone made me feel foolish. I looked away. “Forgive me, I—”
“There’s nothing to forgive,” she assured me. “I can’t imagine what it’s been like for you, cooped up in this cage for a month.”
I laughed. “Believe me, I have suffered far worse. And you have already seen for yourself what that siren female told you. This is the only area of the siren kingdom where the sun does not shine. To be moved to any of those places would be far more uncomfortable.” I cupped her chin. “Home is wherever you are, my love. So long as you are here, whatever accommodations I possess are more than bearable.” My face darkened. “Of course, that it not to say I intend to stay here forever.”
“I still need to talk to Tarasque, Shadow,” she said firmly. “I know you’ve been hoping for that to change, but it hasn’t.”
I scowled, unable to help myself. She was correct. I had been hoping her decision to talk to that demon lizard would change. Well, there was always Tezcatlipoca’s plan to twist the dragons. It seemed my only hope was that he would enact it before she would be given the opportunity.
“And after you speak to the dragon king?” I asked softly.
She shook her head. “I honestly don’t know.”
“I do,” I said. “We escape here.”
 “And then?”
I took her hands in mine. “It was a mistake to believe for even a moment that the royal family could keep you safe. No one who is in league with that god can be trusted. If Blackhole delivered the Chaos wand, then they are now attempting to create a portal to the dragon world. Because you are a blessed one, they intend to retrieve you. I cannot let that happen.”
She blinked, obviously taken aback by my vehemence. “Why not?”
“Because they could force you to turn,” I said grimly.
Her face went white. “No…”
I gathered her into my arms. “It will not happen,” I bit out through clenched teeth. “I will not have you corrupted by the violence that is a vampire’s very nature.”
“I would rather die,” she whispered, clutching me tightly. 
“You will not,” I vowed. “Mercedes, god or not, we must at least try to escape Tezcatlipoca.”
“I know. From what he said, he wants me to help him twist the dragons. I’ll take my own life first.”
“That will also not happen.”
The female siren suddenly appeared in front of my cell along with five guards, including Hyllus and Icarus.
“Mercedes Strand,” Eulathrin uttered. “King Tarasque desires your presence.”
My hands reflexively tightened on Mercedes’ arms. My reason was slipping from my mind as quickly as water would slip from my hands. “No…” I said in a low hiss.
“Shadow…” She took my face in her hands and smiled. “It will be all right. I’ll come visit you as soon as the meeting’s over. I promise.”
She kissed me on the lips, gentle, chaste, and reassuring. My hands loosened barely enough for her to retract herself from my hold. I stared at her smiling face until she disappeared down the hallway. Focusing my hearing, I listened to her footsteps until those too faded.
Control, I told myself. Control. 
However, my mind all on its own accord was telling my control to go to hell. It also proceeded to inform me that I was a fool for letting Mercedes go, for not escaping with her. That demon lizard was sure to kill her. 
“Agitated much, monster?”
Icarus. 
“The rest of the guards are otherwise occupied right now. It is just you and I, and I have been waiting for this opportunity for weeks.”
So have I, I almost said, but chose not to. I needed to follow Mercedes and this insolent whelp was my ticket out of here. 
Icarus raised his staff. “You will pay for insulting my dame, and you will pay for being the abomination that you are.”
It was all I could do not to laugh and give myself away. Good lord, this child was pathetic. Ripping his throat out would be far more satisfying that I originally thought.
“No taunts, spawn of Smoking Mirror? Is it that weak slip of a creature’s doing? Eulathrin has forbidden me from spying on your meetings, but it could not be more obvious that she has you on a tight leash.”
That was something I was incapable of ignoring, but I dared not move closer. Feed his cockiness, and he will come to you.
The whelp grinned in response to my growl, which deepened to hide my triumph when he stepped closer.
“How does it feel to be cowed by so frail a creature?” he continued. “All she possesses is her puny body. No wings, no talons…she cannot even do magic!”
My anger eased itself out of the stony mask I was wearing. Icarus moved closer.
“Then again, you cannot do magic either. I’ve heard the legends. Smoking Mirror harbors great loathing for the magic we possess. He believed giving you superior strength and speed would compensate. And yet here you cower in a cage that your strength cannot free you from. How does that feel, abomination?”
Closer, closer…
Icarus raised his staff.
“I did not give you a proper demonstration before. But now you will know what true magic can do.”
Closer…
“You will see how pathetic your strength is compared to my power.”
Closer…
“You will feel its might burn your very heart.”
Closer…
“You will feel—ACCCKKK!”
“—my hand crushing your throat!”
Grinning, I yanked the whelp forward so that his body slammed hard against the bars. His staff fell to the floor with a clatter.
“Now then…” I whispered, bringing my face close to my prey’s. “You are going to unlock this cell.”
“Ack! I’d…rather…”
“Have your right hand severed?” My eyes lingered on the appendage. “That can certainly be arranged.”
My fingernails lengthened into vicious claws. I inched them toward the siren’s right hand.
“Ack—WAIT!”
I grabbed his wrist and let him feel the bite of my claws.
“Yes?” I asked mildly.
Amber eyes burned with hatred and terror. 
“Where is the key?” I whispered. “Lie and I’ll sever both your hands.”
His eyes darted toward the pouch attached to his right hip. I ripped it open and sure enough, the keys were there. I tested the first one and the cell opened. With a flick of my wrist, I hurled Icarus into the opposite wall. Before he could even think of retrieving his staff, I had him pinned by the throat once again.
“You have five seconds to inform me where Mercedes is before I start shredding your wings.”
He responded in a terrified, but coherent enough babble. 
“Is it night?”
“Yes!”
I searched his features and pressed my thumb against the inside of his wrist. Perhaps his anatomy was different from a human or a vampire, but both his blood pressure and facial expression told me he was telling the truth. I smiled at him.
“Thank you for your assistance.”
I yanked his head to the left, pierced his neck with my fangs, and drank.
Feeding, especially from an unwilling victim, always gave vampires a euphoric rush. A rush that never faded no matter how many times we drank. Apart from sexual intimacy, there was nothing that could compare to drinking adrenaline-saturated blood from a terrified human.
Or so I believed.
This creature’s blood was so rich, sweet, and pure that I could not believe it to be real blood. This was not blood. This was some magical elixir that could grant me power and pleasure beyond my imaginings. And I wanted it. I wanted it all.
I fed so hard and so fast, I did not even notice for several moments that I had already drained every last drop. I drew back sharply and stared at the siren’s face, now as pale as the corpse that it was. 
“STOP, ABOMINATION! STOP!”
Six armed guards were running down the hall. They stopped in front of me and took one look at the dead one in my arms. Under their helmets, their faces contorted in grief and fury.
“Murderer!” A copper-skinned female shrieked.
“You will pay for this!” Hyllus’ teeth were bared. It almost made him look as dangerous as a vampire. “I do not wish to kill you. Death is far too kind for the like of you, ABOMINATION OF SMOKING MIRROR!”
As he screamed the last four words, he raised his staff. I could have moved, but I did not. Some queer instinct told me that I did not have to. 
The yellow gem on Hyllus’ staff instantly flooded the hallway with brilliant golden light.
And all I felt was a pleasant sense of warmth on my skin.
I grinned as the hatred permeating the air turned into confusion and terror.
“Welcome to hell,” I whispered and lunged. 

***************

Chapter 13

The flames of hell the fires of faith
In hearts they burn of angels and wraiths
Unleashed they spread to every end
Consuming victims they did not intend

Radella

Though the Chambers of Chaos were deathly quiet my superior hearing barely picked up the footsteps and rustle of robes. 
“Rise, dear daughter.”
I obeyed and looked up. The eyes I met were false, carved on a full facial mask of jade. But I remembered. Beneath that mask my maker’s eyes were as black as fresh blood under a full moon. His hair was the exact same color, but that too was hidden by a flowing headdress of gold and quetzal feathers. The only parts of him that were visible were his dark hands, adorned with those obsidian rings.
“You have something to report?”
“Yes, my lord,” I said. “The portal is complete, and we have tested it. It will take a full day, but we will be able to transfer all of our forces into the dragon world.”
“Something else excites you.”
“Yes, my lord. Several of our people were threatened by dragons in their human form today. They claim the king plans to kill the blessed one. If we wish to retrieve her, we must go to the dragon kingdom.” I grinned. “They even offered to give us a portal.”
But my smile faded when my maker laughed. It was low, deep, and for the briefest of moments, I felt a flicker of pity for the poor dragon king.
“Shall we begin, my lord?” I asked eagerly, knowing there was no point in even making a joke of how much of a fool the dragon king was. 
“Yes, dear daughter,” my maker uttered. “Begin.”

***

Mercedes

“You are afraid,” Eulathrin remarked once we reached my room.
“I am,” I admitted. It was such a struggle to keep my posture straight. “But I have to do this.”
“I’m afraid I do not admire you for this. The dragon king wishes to destroy your vampire mate and his entire race. You would have been far more honorable to protect them.”
“I said the same thing to Shadow,” I replied coldly. “An entire race of people doesn’t deserve to be punished because of the actions of one. Eulathrin…” I stared at her dead in the eye. “…you are really going to regret leaving the dragons to their fate.”
“The sirens need no one, Mercedes,” Eulathrin said, opening the door. “And we never will.”
Her words may have been indifferent, but my heart leapt with hope at her tone. A part of her knew that I was right. I had to have faith that that part would grow.
Hands gripping my elbows, I paced. And I waited. And waited. Just as the anxiety was becoming unbearable, the door swung open. He walked right in followed by his two copies. He had the same handsome features, the same golden hair, the same emerald green eyes. 
He had the same face, but he was not the same person.
Ignoring despair, I stood straight up and gave a low, respectful bow.
“Hello, Your Highness.” 
“They are coming for you.”
His voice was as wintry as the smile he wore. 
“Who’s coming?” I whispered and was stunned that I didn’t stutter.
“The vampires.” He moved closer while his copies hung back. “They believe I intend to kill you so they are going right into the heart of the enemy. Only it will be their downfall.”
That was my cue to warn him again. But his arrogance and blindness were far too powerful to ignore.
“You moved right into the heart of the enemy,” I said, knowing I could very well be speaking my last words. “Where did that get you?”
“What I wanted,” he replied. “I fed the arrogance of my enemy. Now they believe me weak. They will come to me.”
“How? You live in another dimension.”
“My warriors will give them a portal. They will have no choice but to take it. It is the only way they will be able to retrieve you.”
I made sure my features didn’t so much as flicker. He didn’t know that the royal family already had the means to create a portal, and if the vampires were to survive, the element of surprise was vital. So I decided to give my warning again.
“You’re playing right into Tezcatlipoca's hands,” I said. “And if he gets his way, you and every dragon in existence will be nothing more than twisted shadows of your former selves.”
In a blur of speed, he crossed the distance between us and grabbed my throat.
“Silence,” he hissed. “One more word out of your lying, manipulative mouth and I’ll rip it off!” He released my throat and grabbed my arm, ignoring my coughs and gasps. “My treasure horde is where you rightfully belong. You will be mine forever. I don’t need these traitorous birds to see to your needs. Magic will keep you alive forever.”
Treasure horde. I was to be to be a part of his treasure horde. He had told me that before, but he had also added he did not view me as a thing. Now I knew he did. 
I didn’t regret warning him, but at the same time I also felt a deep regret that I didn’t run away with Shadow when I had the chance. Tarasque was going to take me to his treasure horde in the dragon kingdom where an entire race was about to be twisted. If I couldn’t stop it, then the last thing I wanted was to see it, to be a part of it as Tezcatlipoca intended.
“No!” I shouted, struggling. “No, let me go!”
He whirled around, raising his hand to strike me across the face. But the blow was stopped when a dark blur collided with him. 
“Shadow!”
He barely spared me a glance before lunging for Tarasque, his face a mask of demonic fury. I screamed at him to stop, to run, but before I could even take a step forward, one of Tarasque’s copies grabbed me around the middle. Anger coursed through me at this stupid, blind creature who viewed me as nothing more than a piece of treasure, who wanted to kill my love just to get back at me. I couldn’t remember wanting to cause pain to anyone before. Revenge had always been something that I viewed as pointless and ugly that always came back to haunt you. But right now the only thing in my mind was the knowledge that Tarasque was going to kill someone I loved. And I would not let him. 
I slammed my heel back into the copy’s shin with all my might. It staggered only slightly, but it was enough for me to ram my elbow into its stomach and free myself from its grip. Not wasting a second, I seized a small statue of that unusual fairy-like hummingbird creature that Eulathrin had told me was an ancestor of the sirens, and slammed it against the copy’s head. It dropped like a stone. 
Unfortunately, I wasn’t fast enough for the other. It grabbed me, pinning both my legs and my arms. I couldn’t move, but I could see Tarasque and Shadow battling.
Shadow…I had seen him move before, but this…Tarasque was hurling lightening at him, and whenever the lightning struck his body he barely grimaced before aiming yet another blow, even managing to slash Tarasque across the face. Tarasque seemed stunned by the sight of his own blood (and perhaps that Shadow had drawn it even more so), but he quickly regained his bearings. They exchanged hand-to-hand combat blows for little more than a moment when Tarasque opened his mouth and released an enormous stream of fire that consumed Shadow.
“NO!” I howled.
I couldn’t see Shadow at all in those flames. They were like a hungry maw filled with razor sharp teeth devouring, devouring, devouring…I couldn’t even hear my own screams or feel my own tears over the roar of those flames. 
They dissipated after an eternity, leaving behind a hideous stench of burned flesh and smoke. I thought I would die from horror when I saw the blackened heap that had once been my love. And then it stirred.
The only one who was more incredulous than me was Tarasque when Shadow lifted his head, growling. He was burned, but far from severely. In fact his clothing was in worse shape than his flesh.  
“Impossible,” Tarasque breathed, and I could have sworn there was genuine fear in his voice. “You could not have survived that. My flames are powered by the strongest magic!”
Slowly, painstakingly, Shadow managed to support his upper body with his elbows. He was grinning. 
“It appears your magic serves me better than it serves you.”
I could tell there was a hidden meaning behind that, but Tarasque didn’t appear to notice or care. His incredulity quickly gave way to fury.
“Magic will always be the servant of the dragon king first and foremost,” he snarled. Lightening crackled at his fingertips as he advanced on Shadow. “Watch me, Mercedes. Watch me as I destroy what you most love!”
“NO!” I screamed, struggling and kicking with everything I had. “No, Tarasque, NOOOOO!”
A mad grin marring his handsome features, he raised his hands to deliver the deathblow. But before that lightening could touch Shadow, Blackhole leaped out of nowhere and landed directly in front of his partner to face the dragon king. With a vicious snarl, the Evanescence leaped again.
He collided with a surprised Tarasque, tackling them both to the floor. Lightening erupted from Tarasque’s fingers, but it only seemed to wash over Blackhole whose lethal jaws were now clamped over Tarasque’s shoulder. The body holding me pushed me away and raced over to assist in the battle. I managed to stay on my feet thanks to instincts screaming at me to get to Shadow as fast as I could.
“Mercedes…” he croaked when I was by his side. 
“We need to get out of here,” I whispered.
I helped him up, but we were both distracted by an agonized yelp. With his enormous strength, Tarasque hurled Blackhole into the wall. He landed hard on the floor, a dark, alien liquid dripping from various wounds. 
Blood.
“Stay out of his line,” Shadow hissed, gripping me tightly before I could try to go over to the Evanescence. He pushed me behind him, but I could still see Tarasque. He was on his feet along with his two other copies, and that was the only good thing I could say about his state. He was sweaty, dirty, exhausted, and his right hand was clamped over a huge wound on his shoulder. His emerald eyes nearly scorched me with their hatred.
“I should have killed you the moment I saw you,” he rasped at Shadow.
“Correct,” was the venomous reply. “But do not worry, you will not have to regret that error for much longer.” He took a step forward. “For harming Mercedes and Blackhole, you will die.”
Tarasque blinked. “Blackhole…?” His eyes narrowed, but with amusement instead of rage. “You wish to avenge his suffering?”
“I do not wish to avenge it, I will avenge it,” Shadow snarled.
“You consider him your friend,” Tarasque mused. “But he obviously does not consider you his friend.”
“What are you talking about?” Shadow demanded.
“Your friend is a servant to Necoc Yaotl. On his master’s orders, he goaded me into visiting the human world and kidnapping your human beloved. In fact, he was the one who told me you would meet beside that pitiful bush you call an oak tree.”
He wasn’t lying. Heart sinking, I looked over at Blackhole’s wounded form. He seemed to be recovering, but the pained sounds coming from him didn’t seem to originate from his remaining physical injuries. 
“Betrayal is unforgivable,” Tarasque continued. “You were wrong to trust Blackhole. But don’t worry. You will not have to regret that error for much longer.”
The dragon king raised his hands, lightening gathering at his fingertips…
Then he doubled over and screamed. 
His hand was clutching the bite on his shoulder as he fell to his knees and screamed again. Despite his apparent agony, he didn’t wait for Shadow or I to get over our shock. He looked up, bared his teeth in hatred and fled in a burst of speed. His copies followed behind him.
I just stood there breathing hard, the shock of having narrowly escaped death once again paralyzing my body. But Shadow was the exact opposite of paralyzed. He turned around, fangs bared and eyes glowing blue.
“You…” 
Blackhole was now standing on his many legs. He was looking at Shadow and I could all but feel the sadness and shame radiating from him.
“I did not wish for you to experience the consequences of defying a god,” Shadow whispered. “But you should have realized, my friend, that if you ever betrayed her I would do the god’s work for them.”
Shadow leapt, and my paralysis was instantly broken.
“No!” I screamed, but I wasn’t nearly fast enough to beat Shadow. He was already pummeling Blackhole just as I had taken but three steps. The Evanescence didn’t make any attempt to fight back. He just stood there, immobile, as his friend and partner proceeded to beat the life out of him.
 After landing several blows, Shadow flung Blackhole away with a roar. His face was that of an angel of death, not the beautiful dark angel I had always associated him with. There wasn’t a shred of reason or humanity on that face. Only hatred and vengeance.
Blackhole landed several feet beside me, bleeding and moaning. He probably didn’t have the strength to move even if he wanted to. Shadow was already running toward him, this time brandishing a long blade. He was going to kill Blackhole. And there was only one thing I could do to stop him. With all my strength, I jumped to my right and grabbed Blackhole, wrapping my arms protectively around him. Three things followed: a hideous pain in the middle of my back, a bellow of animalistic anguish, and a black wave descending on my vision.
I didn’t fall unconscious, however. I remained somewhere in between, almost like I was in another dimension where time moved so slowly. Something warm and wet pressed painfully against my mouth as a desperate, while a pleading voice spoke nonsense to me. My tongue tasted the coppery liquid and the familiarity of it made my throat swallow it all on its own accord. As I drank, the black wave lightened and awareness came back. Shadow’s anguished, guilt-stricken face was the first thing that came into focus.
“Shadow…?” I croaked.
“Oh, bless goodness, bless goodness, bless goodness,” he babbled, stroking my face. “Mercedes, I…I’m so sorry, I swear to you I never intended…I would never…”
But his voice seemed to lock in his throat when he saw the way I was looking at him. I knew how I was looking at him: like I was seeing him for the very first time.
I disengaged myself from his hold. He didn’t try to stop me as I walked over to Blackhole and gently lifted him into my arms. Relief flooded me when I saw that he was still alive, merely unconscious. I started to walk out of the room, but stopped to look back at Shadow. He was on his knees turned away from me, but I could still see enough of his face to make out the blank devastation on it. 
I walked out of the room without looking back again. In the hallway, I met Eulathrin. She blanched at the sight of Blackhole in my arms and my blood soaked clothes. 
“Mercedes what happened?” she demanded.
“I’ll explain on one condition,” I said.
Her brow rose. “What condition?”
“Get me out of here, Eulathrin. Get me as far from here as you can.”

***

Brandon

The royal family made no announcements, but I could feel that war was brewing in the air. Andre had informed me only yesterday that the portal would be ready for testing very soon. Brilliant as Andre was, the royal family had hundreds of skilled technicians and far more resources at their disposal. I knew that their portal was already ready and that they were preparing to use it. 
“Meaning they’re going to find that girl before us,” Morgan pointed out.
“If they haven’t found her yet, then there’s still hope,” I countered. “I’m not going to give up on her. I—we owe it to her and to Shadow.”
“But we don’t even know where they are,” Morgan said. “All that Evanescence told us was that they were safe. Safe where exactly?”
Before I could reply, a harsh knocking sounded at my door. I rushed over to answer it. It was a very apprehensive Andre.
“You two need to come with me now,” he said before taking off in the other direction. Morgan and I quickly followed. 
“I’m ready to run the first test,” Andre explained once we were safely in his lab. “Since this is a secret project, you two are the only witnesses I’m allowed.”
“Like a human child at those primitive science fairs,” Morgan muttered to me. I had to hide a smile as I watched Andre bustle around his work. The comparison did have quite a bit of merit. 
“What amazed me most about the frequency,” Andre spoke as he made adjustments to an unusual device on the floor that was hooked up to many wires and cables, “is that we wouldn’t need a strong, solid surface in order to make one. In fact, any strong, solid surface would break under the pressure unless it was made from a titanium alloy of sorts.”
“Do we really need this device?” Morgan asked. “Couldn’t we just implement the frequency into another Chaos wand?”
“Not yet,” Andre said. He hooked up a few more cables. “Like I said, this is powerful stuff we’re working with. A Chaos wand, any Chaos wand would explode if I tried to transmit more than the frequency's code into it. I would know. I tried it five times,” he added with an almost sheepish smile. “But the good news is that I believe we aren’t far from inventing a Chaos wand powerful enough to hold portal patterns of this magnitude. If I could just invent one all by myself…” He shook his head as if unable to believe what he was about to say. “All Outcasts could be free. We could go where no one would ever find us. Not even the royal family. Maybe they have the frequency also, but there are probably millions upon millions of dimensions out there. So many to choose from…”
His eyes grew over bright. I too felt a strange tightness in my throat. Though I had regained hope for a better life, I never would have contemplated finding a new home free of persecution, abuse, and judgment. 
“You two, listen.” Andre came up to us, his voice deadly serious. “My hopes are in the stratosphere right now. I think I can do this. Really, I do. But you’ve got to keep it a secret. No one can no. No one. Not even our fellow Outcasts. If one of them gets tortured by an elite…every one of us will share their fate, especially me. And our remaining brothers and sisters will live a life that makes this look like heaven in comparison.”
“It will be our secret,” I said. “The three of us.”
“Great.” Andre directed his attention back to his work. “Okay. Power on. Let’s see what we get.”
He flipped a switch on a control panel and stood back along with Morgan and myself as a deep humming noise began to emit from the device. I gripped her hand as we both stared at the potential salvation of the Outcasts. We nearly broke each other’s fingers when, ten seconds later, the air above the device shuddered before becoming a deep black. It just hovered there like a flawlessly round black mirror. A portal. 
“Don’t get me wrong, Andre,” Morgan said throatily. “I’m a vampire. Shadows are my life. But that looks like a portal to something worse than hell. Nothingness.”
“And that’s why I’m not using vampires to test it,” Andre said.
“You’d better not be using humans,” I warned. “I won’t let you.”
“Relax,” Andre assured me. “I have something far more sturdy in mind.”
He disappeared behind a door for a moment. When he returned he was carrying a cage containing a small dog.
Of course. Andre may have to keep his technical skills secret, but his love of dogs was an entirely different story.
“Loki here is going to see if it’s safe.” He smiled and set the cage down. “Don’t trust Evanescence, but man’s best friend is a different story.”
“What if he dies?” I asked sharply.
“He won’t,” Andre assured me before unlocking the cage. “I’ve tripled checked everything. And I’ll be putting him on a leash. Anything goes wrong, and I’ll pull him right back out.”
“But he could still be seriously injured. This is an untested portal—”
“Hey!” Andre snapped. “I don’t like this anymore than you do. But the time for testing is now. Remember, this could be the salvation for all Outcasts. If we’re not willing to make sacrifices, then we’ll never be free. Or do you think I should use a human? Or a vampire?”
“No,” I said. I couldn’t take my eyes off the dog who was now licking his master’s hands as a metal leash was tied around his neck. “But I know how the royal family tested the first portals. And we all know what happened to the Evanescence who went inside faulty ones.”
Andre stared at me, then down at Loki. He ran his hand tenderly down the furry back while Loki nuzzled his knee. 
“We don’t have any choice,” Andre whispered and I caught a hint of tears in his eyes. He picked Loki up and carried him over the portal. “Now, boy, you know what to do. If you feel anything wrong, rattle the chain and I’ll pull you right back in. Okay?”
The dog barked an affirmative. Andre gave him a gentle shove while keeping a firm hold on the leash. Breathing was something I rarely had to do, but it felt as if my lungs had been encased in solid granite when the dog disappeared inside the portal. Andre slowly gave him some slack. Morgan grabbed my hand and squeezed it. Her mouth muttered incessant prayers. I too found myself praying, but I didn’t know to who. Lord Chaos and Lord Order would always favor the elites first and foremost. Quetzalcoatl abandoned us to torment and death. What was the point in praying? What entity could possibly take pity on us?
I didn’t know. I didn’t even know if such an entity existed. But I still prayed. 
The leash suddenly straightened out on Loki’s end. Andre grinned. 
“What is it?” Morgan asked breathlessly.
“He wants to go in further.” Andre’s smile now threatened to split his face. “He’s not scared or in pain. He wants to go in further.”
Morgan cried out in sheer joy. She grabbed me and kissed me hard on the lips. “It’s going to be okay,” she babbled, tears streaming from her eyes. “Oh, love, it’s going to be okay. We’ll find someplace to go…to be safe…safe…”
I hugged her hard as tears threatened my own eyes. Maybe we didn’t need prayer after all. Maybe all we needed was hope and each other. I could definitely live with that. 
“I’m bringing him in now,” Andre said. “I need to check him for injuries or poisoning, but if he’s not…” He turned to the both of us. His cheeks were wet. “I think our salvation may be closer than we thought.”
Loki came in bounding several seconds later. He appeared to be in perfect health. But before Andre could begin examining him, all of our comms chimed. We all had the same message: the royal family was about to make an announcement. 
“They made the portal,” Morgan whispered. “They’re going to invade the dragon realm.”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions,” Andre said, but I could tell he knew his words were empty. He flicked on the viewscreen and King Yuan’s face appeared.
“My brothers and sisters. One month ago our home was invaded by monsters who believed that we could be easily defeated. They paid for their arrogance with their lives, and now their entire species will pay the same price. As I speak, our forces are moving into dragon territory. Once the land is cleansed of the blasphemers and the blessed one retrieved, we will claim it for our own. By the will of the Brothers of Duality.”
The screen went blank.
“Andre you have to fine-tune that portal fast,” I said. “They can’t get to Shadow and Mercedes first. We have to beat them to it.”
“Whoa!” Andre held up his hands. “Can you repeat what you just said?”
“You heard what I said!” I snapped. “We have to get the portal ready so we can rescue—”
“—you mean steal,” Andre cut me off sharply. “You want to steal a blessed one from the royal family. Are you insane!?”
“I’m honorable,” I hissed. “Shadow is my friend. I will not abandon him. He failed to protect Mercedes. You know what the royal family does to those who fail to carry out the will of the gods! And if they take Mercedes, they’ll strip away her old identity and force her to perform religious rituals. They could even force her to turn!”
Andre marched right up to me. His fangs were bared in rage. “You think you’re honorable, kid? Well, then, allow me to explain the consequences of your honor.” He spat the word. “If you succeed in rescuing that human and your friend, not only will the royal family hunt you down like dogs, they’ll know you have access to a portal. They’ll know you have access to something that can free every single Untouchable from their sadistic, vile grasp. And will they quietly send in a few soldiers to destroy it? No. They’ll unleash a sea of Evanescence into every corner the Untouchables occupy. They’ll destroy the portal along with who knows how many of our brother and sisters. You would sacrifice all of those lives and our only chance at salvation for one friend and his human pet!?”
I didn’t answer. I just stood there, shaking with anger, guilt, and ambivalence.
“Didn’t think of all that did you?” Andre sneered.
“Don’t you dare talk to him that way!” Morgan snarled. “What if it was one of your friends, Andre? Would you be so quick to write off their life?”
“No,” he admitted, but his eyes remained hard. “It wouldn’t be an easy decision, of course. But we’re talking about the salvation of the Untouchables. If you believe your friend and his human are worth saving, then you also have to believe that they would give their lives to save thousands more.”
That hit a bit too close to a nerve. Morgan and I avoided looking at one another, but I knew we were both thinking the same thing: Would Shadow and Mercedes give their lives so that the Untouchables could be free from the tyranny of the elites?
In a mortal heartbeat.
“I can’t threaten you,” Andre said. “I’m no match for two fully trained Kshatriya.”
“But you would if you could get away with it,” Morgan said icily.
“Yes, I would,” Andre said flatly and without apology. “I would do anything for the salvation of our people. Would you?”
We left soon afterward. Our minds were so preoccupied with questions and emotions that we didn’t speak for several minutes. 
“He’s right you know,” Morgan said. Her eyes were guarded, as if bracing herself for a tirade.
“Yes, he is,” I admitted. By the brothers, I felt so ill. “If we save Shadow and Mercedes, we could doom all of the Untouchables.”
“It would be a complete waste,” Morgan added. “They would share the same fate after all. Maybe worse since they allowed themselves to be rescued. The royal family would interpret that as direct defiance to the gods.”
“Defiance to the gods…” I looked right at my beloved. “…or the elites?”
Morgan blinked. “What?”
“This is exactly what they would want. For us to run and save ourselves while they can do as they please with people we care about.”
She winced. “Well, yes. But Brandon, we’re talking about the salvation of every Untouchable in existence.”
My brow rose. “Salvation? Really, my love? All we have to do is let the elites have what they want, and we’ll have what we want. That sounds awfully familiar, don’t you agree?”
“Everything has a price, Brandon. You paid it in full to be with me!”
“Yes, I did, but that was solely on myself.  What, or rather who, is the price for what we desire now?”
“You already know!”
“I want to hear you say it,” I said flatly. “I’ll make you a deal, if you can say this, then I’ll do whatever it takes to make sure we gain our freedom. Who is the price for our freedom and what are they?”
She grimaced and looked away. “Shadow and Mercedes.” When I remained silent she snapped, “I said it!”
“You said who the price is,” I pointed out. “Now tell me what they are.”
“They’re your friends, but they’re not mine.”
“Wrong answer. What are they, Morgan?”
Her teeth gnashed together. “People who…care about us…who trust…” She trailed off with a groan.
“I didn’t think so,” I said quietly. “Morgan, could you live throughout eternity knowing you abandoned them just to save yourself?”
For a while, she just stood there, seething. Then with a howl of rage, she slammed her fist against the nearest wall.
“Damn you! Why the hell did I ever get involved with you? Before it was so simple, so easy. I did whatever it took to survive, and I never felt a shred of remorse for it!”
“And were you happy?” I asked gently.
She bit her lip. “I tried so many times to tell myself I didn't give a damn about happiness. That all I needed was vengeance and survival. But that wasn’t living. It was just existing. It was just—”
“—surrender?” I finished. 
She flinched again and her eyes brimmed with pain. “I don’t want to go back to that. I don’t want to be that again.”
I reached up to cup her cheek. “You don’t have to.”

***

Tarasque 

The pain was shifting from tolerable to indescribable. Back and forth, like a pendulum. What venom had that grotesque creature injected me with? I didn’t know. All I knew was that I needed to revert back to my normal body. Just as I was creating a portal, the pain became indescribable. I screamed, but managed to finish the portal. It was weak, but it would get me home. I jumped through it and commanded my three bodies to combine before I emerged from the other side as a dragon. The pain lessened, but not by much. I needed to get back to the palace or I would risk falling from the sky. That was not a problem. My rage would lend power to my wings. My rage at Mercedes, that vampire beast, that cursed creature whose teeth had injected me with a poison that felt as if I were being eaten alive. I would kill them all…
After emerging from the portal, I emitted a roar that would summon my personal guards. They were by my side within moments.
“A poison races through my system. Contact the mermaids,” I ordered Captain Karth. “They must find an antidote for me.”
I felt yet another surge of rage, but this time it was at the betrayal of the sirens. They were far better sorcerers than the mermaids, and would have found an antidote much sooner. Yet another thing to make them pay for. 
“My lord, what creature poisoned you?” Karth asked. The anger in his ruthless, blood red eyes almost mirrored my own. 
“I recognized the creature.” Smoke emitted from my nostrils. “It is of the species that slaughtered my warriors during the invasion of the vampire world.”
“Then it should be easy to retrieve one for the antidote,” Karth said. “We have heard reports that the vampires are properly angered at the potential death of your human treasure. They are coming. And we are prepared for war.”
“Excellent,” I hissed. I could feel the pain growing, but it was irrelevant. I could handle pain. “The treacherous sirens still have my human treasure. You will retrieve her, Captain Karth, along with her vampire beloved. The creature who bit me is also still in their company. I want all three of them captured alive. Harm them if you have to, but if you kill them, you will share their fate. Is that understood?”
“As my lord wishes,” Karth said. 
I gave a scale soaked in my blood to one of my warriors before returning to my treasure horde. The Mirror stood there in the middle, dark and magnificent as always. 
Not feeling well, king of the dragons?
I moved slowly in a vain effort to disguise how ill I was. And it wasn’t just my body that felt ill. The poison seemed to spread its vile presence into my very spirit. I needed the antidote soon. The hour of my vengeance was drawing close, and no poison would thwart me. Nor the taunts of Necoc Yaotl. 
Yes, come closer, King Tarasque. Come closer to the Mirror.
I did, but on my own violation. 
Show me the vampires, I commanded. Show me when my enemies will arrive to meet their doom.
The Mirror clouded with gray smoke.
You wish to see your enemies? Very well, Your Majesty. Here are your enemies.
The smoke suddenly transformed into millions upon millions of the grotesque black creatures that the vampires commanded. They hissed and growled.
Then they burst from the Mirror and I was consumed.
I could not summon my magic or my fire. Both seemed to have failed me. I could do nothing but writhe and roar as their teeth ripped the scales from my body and tore at my sensitive flesh. All the while, Necoc Yaotl laughed. 

***

Mercedes

Eulathrin accepted my condition. I told her everything that had happened and in exchange, she moved me across the city via a teleportation spell. The room I was given was pretty much the same from my previous one. There was only one glaring difference: it was miles away from Shadow. 
“Are you certain you do not need a healer?” Eulathrin asked me once I was settled in.
“No thank you,” I said, placing Blackhole on the bed. To my relief, all of his wounds were now closed, though he was still unconscious. Since only a few minutes had passed since Tarasque had injured him, I knew his body would take care of itself better than any siren healer could. 
“Your vampire mate is being taken back to the dungeons as we speak,” Eulathrin continued. “Since he still requires your blood to live, I will return for you this evening.” She paused, then added, “Though if you wish for your blood to be harvested and transferred, that can be arranged as well.”
“Thank you,” I said again. “I’ll think about it.”
“Very well.”
She left, leaving Blackhole’s shallow breathing as the only sound in the room. I went over to him and ran my hand down his healing back. The act was to comfort myself as much as him. My eyes roamed over his body. His wounds were healing at a rapid pace, but I would only be reassured once he regained consciousness. 
A slight soreness in my stomach and back caused me to look down. The front of my shirt was soaked in blood, the stomach area gaping open thanks to a long vertical tear. With ginger fingers, I spread it apart. The skin beneath was flecked with blood, but unbroken. My wound was healed. 
My physical wound. 
Fearing my shaking legs would fail me, I sat down beside Blackhole’s unconscious form. My arms clenched around my stomach. Emotions were bombarding me so hard and so fast I could barely comprehend what I was feeling. Was I angry? Was I scared? Was I hurt? Was I betrayed?
Was I all that and so much more?
I didn’t move for what seemed like an eternity. It was as if the world around me or even time itself didn’t exist. The spell broke only when Blackhole stirred beside me. I immediately leaned toward him.
“Blackhole?” I called softly. “Blackhole, are you all right?”
He groaned and shifted before turning his head toward me. I put my hand on the top of it.
Mercedes?
“Yes, it’s me.” Only deep relief could have made me smile at the time. “Are you all right?”
He groaned again and tried to stand up.
“Easy,” I said. My hands held him steady. “You’re still healing.”
Healing…he echoed the word back at me before jolting under my touch. His head snapped in my direction again. The dragon king—Shadow—
“Tarasque fled,” I said. “I think it had something to do with that bite you gave him. Are your teeth poisonous?”
He hesitated for a moment. Only to those with magical blood. 
My eyes widened. “Is Tarasque going to die, then?”
No. I bit him only once. He is still a dragon, regardless of whatever form he chooses to reside in. I would have to bite him several times if I wished to kill him through poison alone. His voice grew grimly satisfied. But while one bite may not kill him, it will prevent him from using magic, including his shape-shifting abilities. He will have to rely on his natural strength alone from now on. There is no cure to my poison. He will also be in constant pain for the rest of his life. 
“I see,” I said softly. Tarasque’s pain would never bring me joy or even satisfaction, but I was relieved that he could no longer use magic. Wait. 
No longer use magic, even shape-shifting abilities...
No wonder the vampire’s army of Evanescence was able to defeat Tarasque’s soldiers so quickly. One bite was all that was needed to take away their magic and several would kill them.  
Mercedes, is Shadow all right? Where is he?
I bit my lip and looked away. “He’s all right. Tarasque hurt him badly, though. I should have given him blood, but…” I trailed off.
But what? Blackhole nudged me. Mercedes, what happened?
I forced myself to meet his gaze. “He tried to kill you.”
I know. I deserved it. But why am I alive? If he tried to kill me, I should be dead! When I didn’t answer, his voice grew louder. Why am I alive, Mercedes?
“Because I couldn’t let him do it!” I said sharply. “I don’t care how much you think you deserve it. I couldn’t let him kill you!”
He went very, very still. Mercedes, what did you do?
My arms tightened around my stomach. “The only thing I could do.”
For a long time, he just stared at me. Then without warning, he shoved me onto my back. I gasped in protest, but he ignored me. His front legs pried my arms from my stomach. I tried to fight him, but my strength was nothing compared to his. Gently but firmly, he pinned my arms against my sides. He made a loud hissing sound at the sight of my torn, bloody shirt.
“Blackhole, I’m fine,” I insisted. “He gave me his blood. It’s already healed.”
But the Evanescence continued to ignore me. He lifted my shirt with one of his legs and pierced my bloodstained skin with his gaze. 
“I’m fine!” I said sharply, while struggling against his hold. 
Finally, he met my eyes again. If you are still in pain, I can take it away. 
“I’m fine,” I said, my tone growing exasperated. “I’m not in pain. Besides,” I added with a smile, “it’d tickle way too much if you used your tongue there.”
 I wasn’t expecting him to joke back, but that didn’t stop the wave of sadness coursing through me when he didn’t. He removed his hold on my arms, allowing me to sit up. 
Mercedes, please don’t blame Shadow. He was only trying to protect you.
“I don’t blame him for stabbing me,” I said, and meant it. My voice grew hard. “But I do blame him for trying to kill you.”
Why? Blackhole demanded. Everything the dragon king said was true. I was the one who goaded him into kidnapping you!
“At Tezcatlipoca’s order!” I countered.
And that makes it right?!
“Of course not! But we’ve been through so much, Blackhole, all three of us! If it weren’t for you, Xavier would have killed us. And you and Shadow were together way before I came along. You know him better than I do. I told him you were trapped by Tezcatlipoca, I told him you hated what he was making you do.” My throat began to burn. I gritted my teeth to control the tears. “He promised me he would talk to you, that he wouldn’t write you off just like that. I didn’t think him capable of murdering one of the few close friends he has without even stopping to think…”
My throat locked. I put a hand to my mouth and looked away, desperate to stifle my sobs. 
My love, how could you do such a thing? How could you try to kill family?
He did kill family, my conscience reminded me. You heard from his own lips that he slaughtered them all like animals.
No. They were people, but they had never been his family. Family didn’t torture and reject you. Family took care of you. Family was there for you when you needed them. Like me, like Blackhole…
A gentle touch on my arm. 
He didn’t write me off, Mercedes. He gave me his trust. I betrayed him. Don’t you see? I don’t deserve mercy. His voice grew very bitter. Like Shadow, I've always admired you for your compassion, but betrayal of my magnitude is unforgivable, family or not. Shadow will come for me again, and I need you to swear right now that you won’t interfere. 
I stared at him incredulously.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”
I have never been more serious in my life. He put his face very close to mine. Swear it now!
“Do you have any idea what you’re saying?” I whispered when I could speak again. “You’re asking me to give up, not just on my values, but on the people I care about. How can you even think I could do such a thing?”
Mercedes—
“But I suppose it’s only fair. After all, you’re not asking me to do anything you haven’t done yourself. You and Shadow.” I added bitterly. “You’re giving up. Giving in. Just like the sirens. Just like Tezcatlipoca wants. Do you honestly think if we cave, he’ll stop? He won’t. He’ll take everything we have, including our souls.”
Blackhole drew away from me a bit, and I could sense his shame. Mercedes, you do not understand. I am bound to my father. I have no soul to give that he does not already posses. I have to obey him. Nothing will ever change that.
“What if he asked you to directly hurt Shadow or myself?” I asked.
Then I would have to obey.
“Do you want to hurt Shadow or myself?”
On my own, I would hurt myself first. 
“Then there’s a victory right there.” I put my hand on the Evanescence. “Blackhole, I’m not going to pretend I understand this hold Tezcatlipoca has on you. And I’m not asking anything for myself. For Shadow’s sake and your own sake, I beg you to fight it. But most of all, don’t give up that victory. So long as you keep it, your soul at least will remain your own.”
Blackhole was silent for a very long time. 
You know Father has great plans for you.
“Yes,” I said. “He wants me to help him twist the dragons.”
You are strong, Mercedes. But if Father wants you to do something, you will have to obey.
“He does have a hold on me,” I admitted. “But if it gets any stronger, it’ll be my own fault. I’ll never help him twist the dragons.”
I want very much to call you naïve and foolish for believing you can challenge Father.
“But?” I prompted. 
I simply cannot. It isn’t something I can explain.
“Tezcatlipoca thrives on the games he plays with other people’s lives. Am I wrong?”
No.
“He needs us, Blackhole,” I insisted. “He needs us to be compliant, to give in to him. If he didn’t, why go through all of this? Why not just twist the dragons himself?”
I…
“Think about that, Blackhole. Think hard.”
I turned away, leaving him alone for a bit. For a while, we just sat there in a companionable silence, lost in our own thoughts. 
Mercedes, what about Shadow? If you haven’t given up on me, surely you haven’t given up on him?
“Of course I haven’t given up on him,” I said. “But he still did something I didn’t think him capable of doing. I don’t know what else he could be capable of.”
He would never hurt you, Blackhole insisted. 
“But he did,” I said quietly. “And I’m not talking about stabbing me. That was an accident. I still love him, but right now…I can’t be with him. Not until I get a better understanding of who he really is.”
Would you be willing to talk to him?
“I’ll talk to him later. When I have to give him blood.”
I didn’t tell Blackhole how much the thought of talking to Shadow unsettled me. Because it made me think—was I afraid of him? I had felt fear in his presence before during the first times we met. But that had mostly been fear of the unknown. I couldn’t remember feeling this type of fear; for my personal safety and the safety of someone I cared about. Shadow had always given me a sense of security. He told me about his past, I had seen his honor and his courage with my own eyes. He had proven time and time again that he would give his life to protect me. 
But that didn’t mean I really knew him. There were still several parts of his personality that were alien to me. Like Lulu had told me, I didn’t need to know him to love him, but I did need to know him in order to stay with him. 

***

Shadow

I could not feel my still-healing burns. I was immune to the jeers and taunts of the siren guards as they chained me and proceeded to drag me back to my cell. My mind and soul were capable of registering only one kind of pain. The only pain that mattered. 
Get me out of here, Eulathrin. Get me as far away from here as you can. 
I had hurt the woman I loved. And now she was afraid of me. 
A part of me wanted to laugh at the brutal irony. I had thought her a fool for not being afraid of me the first time we met. I had wanted her to be afraid of me. Now my wish was granted, and instead of giving me satisfaction, it made me want to rip my own heart out. 
I had hurt Mercedes. How could I have done such a thing? It did not matter if my intention had been to kill Blackhole. I was a vampire Kshatriya, over five-hundred years old. My reflexes were impeccable. When she threw herself on top of the Evanescence, I should have been able to halt my movements. She was the woman I loved beyond love, the very reason I breathed, my reason for existence. Why hadn’t I stopped?
Was it because I had become so blind with rage that, even for a moment, I cared more about vengeance than I cared about her?
If that was the reason I had not been able to stop, then I would have to let her go. I would have to release her from my wretched existence, no matter how weak I was. If I possessed even a shred of honor, I would never go near her again. 
Through blurry vision the gateway to my cell was visible. Yes, that was where I belonged. Locked away. Forbidden from laying my unworthy eyes on the angel of light I had so brutally betrayed. Condemned to live in isolated darkness for all of eternity. 
“Look how complacent it is now. It can barely walk on its own! I have never seen anything more pathetic in my life!”
I felt nothing at the taunts. And even if I did, how could I condemn them for speaking the truth? I was weak, I was pathetic, but I would never let go of my honor. 
“It was gravely weakened in a battle with King Tarasque.”
“How can it be alive then?”
“I do not know.”
“Then why does it not struggle? Why does it not growl and hiss like the beast that it is?”
“That little human female. She is his mate, and he nearly killed her while attempting to destroy one of our fallen broth—”
“Silence, you fool!”
“Oh. Oh, yes. Please forgive me. But as I was saying, he nearly killed her and now he is consumed by guilt.”
No feeling. It was all true. 
“I have never encountered a human before that girl, and I was not impressed. She possesses no extraordinary abilities. I cannot believe she was able to tame such a monster.”
Now my mind stirred in response to a trickle of anger.
“Yes, it is a wonder. She is little more than a weak scrap. How could she have crafted a leash strong enough to hold a vampire?”
The anger turned to rage, melting away the terrible numbness. I embraced it with open arms.
“Forget the beast! I have heard rumors that Eulathrin is taking her to King Tarasque as we speak. Our evil uncle is hard at work corrupting the essence of the dragons.”
“And what in the name of Father of the Morning Star does he need a human for?”
“…Mystery surrounds this human. It unsettles me.”
Several more pairs of clawed footsteps sounded up ahead. 
“Is it bound? Is it helpless?” a new agitated voice demanded.
“It is.”
“Excellent.”
A faint warmth on my face.
“Wait! What are you doing? We were given strict orders not to—”
“I do not care if the order came from the queen herself! That thing murdered several guards when it escaped. It drained every last drop of their blood! We cannot afford to kill it, but we can make it suffer beyond its wildest imagination!”
That would have made me laugh if I were capable of doing so at the moment. 
“…Then why does it not burn?”
“I…I do not know.”
“Our blood,” another guard hissed. “It consumed siren blood and now it cannot be harmed by the light of the dayfire gem!”
Footsteps approached me. I heard the unsheathing of a blade, felt its cold tip press against my throat. It tilted my head up, locking my gaze with that of a fierce siren female.
“There are other ways to make you suffer, abomination,” she whispered. “Your human mate is being taken to King Tarasque as we speak. I do not know what Smoking Mirror desires her for. I’m praying that he will use her in a painful sacrifice, but I know he'll use her to twist the essence of the dragons. She is lost, abomination. I’ll be sure to get a hold of her remains if I can—”
In a single burst of strength, the chains wrapped around me snapped. I grabbed the female by the throat.
“You sirens,” I whispered. “Never know when to shut up.”
With a flick of my wrist, she was dead, but I didn’t let her corpse go. I jumped overhead behind the other guards and pierced her limp neck with my fangs. I could only afford to feed for less than two seconds, but it was more than enough. Within twenty seconds, they were all dead and I was gone. 
I had to move fast. I may have been able to slaughter ten of them with relative ease, but once word spread about their deaths I could have a hundred on my hands. Satisfying as it was to break their arrogant necks, I had a far, far more important mission right now: Mercedes’ safety.
Her beautiful face rose in my mind. Angelic, pure, unending in compassion and mercy. Mere hours ago, such a sight made me feel grateful beyond measure that such a woman would accept me, would allow me to stand by her side as her love. What a fool I was for believing I could hold such a place in her life no matter how unworthy I was of it. I could not even protect her—from myself of all creatures. I had failed her so many times, each more unforgivable than the last. But I would not abandon her. I would kill the demon lizard who stole her, I would assure her safety from the royal family and Tezcatlipoca somehow, and then I would assure her safety from myself.
Either by my death or my will, she would be safe from me forever. 

***

Mercedes

While we waited, I questioned Blackhole about the hold that Tezcatlipoca had on him. He seemed very reluctant to discuss the subject, but I didn’t budge. Because of my ignorance, I could neither judge him nor insist that he fight it without being self-righteous. But I wanted him to fight. He had to fight if he didn’t want Tezcatlipoca to destroy everything he held dear. There had to be a way and I would help him find it.
In the end, Blackhole told me that his devotion to Tezcatlipoca was far more potent than a blood bond. It wasn’t mind control. The Evanescence still had free will like any sentient creature. But their obedience to him was an intrinsic part of themselves, an unshakable instinct. They couldn’t break it any more than they could stop being Evanescence. 
So long as they were Evanescence, they would never be free of Tezcatlipoca.
There's my answer.
Granted, it was an answer that led to a thousand more questions. And to answer those questions, I knew what I would have to do.
Mercedes?
Blackhole saw me blanch, but I ignored him. My mind was racing. Tezcatlipoca wanted me to participate in the rituals that would twist the dragons. I could use that to my advantage. I would refuse to help him, but I would observe what he was doing. His methods, his ingredients. Most antidotes lay in the structure of the poison itself. Of course, this went far beyond mere poison, but still…
Mercedes, what are you thinking?
I looked right at him. Before I could speak, the doors swung open. Eulathrin strode in along with several guards. 
“Your vampire masters demand your presence,” she told me. I noted the way her eyes flickered toward Blackhole.
“Are you taking me to Tarasque?” I asked. It was a struggle to keep my voice even. Despite my plans, I was terrified and sickened to imagine what Tezcatlipoca was doing to him and his people.
“I am taking you to your vampire masters.” Eulathrin’s voice was flat, devoid of any kindness she had shown me before. “Will you come willingly or not?”
So I was to be taken to the vampires who would then take me to Tarasque. All right, then.
I got up from the bed and began to follow the sirens out. But I halted in my tracks when I remembered something.
“Eulathrin, wait, what about Shadow? He still needs blood.”
“Your vampire mate is irrelevant right now.”
She hadn’t looked at me when she’d replied. Sometimes lack of emotion tended to be more of a giveaway than actual emotion.
“Eulathrin, did he escape?” I whispered. 
“Shall I silence her?” one of the guards asked.
“No,” Eulathrin snapped. She grabbed both my arms, her amber eyes slashing at me like a sword. “We are taking you to your vampire masters, and you will be silent. Am I understood?”
I nodded. She didn’t let go of me when we exited the room. Blackhole didn’t follow us. I wasn’t surprised. When no one was watching, Eulathrin met my gaze. It was just one look, but it was more than enough: Shadow had escaped. But the knowledge didn’t mollify me, and not just because I was the only human who could give him blood. He was in pain and he was guilty. It was a deadly combination that often resulted in instability. He would try to find me, and what would he do to anyone who got in the way?
I knew the answer, but I couldn’t dwell on it without feeling ill. I also knew that if Shadow wanted to find me, he would. The fact that he was trapped in the siren kingdom where the sun shone brightly and the citizens were powerful sorcerers meant little. If he wanted to find me, only Tezcatlipoca himself could stop him. 
And Tezcatlipoca would stand for no interference while I was brought before the king of the dragons…
I mentally shook my head. Enough, I berated myself. Shadow will survive. He always survives. You’ll see him again, but right now he’s beyond you. You need to focus on what you’re going to do when the vampires take you to Tarasque.
But the truth was I didn’t have the slightest idea what I would do once I saw Tarasque. The terror of what I would see made breathing more difficult by the minute. What would I do when I saw him?
Forget that. What state would I see him in?
“Mercedes Strand, blessed one.”
I hadn’t realized I had been so lost in my own thoughts and fears that I hadn’t been paying attention to where the sirens were leading me. When I looked up at the sound of my name, I saw no less than twenty vampires gathered in front of a smooth, golden wall. Over half them were concealed beneath hooded robes. The others were also concealed, but beneath armor and helmets that resembled jaguars and serpents. The speaker was a tall male bearing a serpent helmet.
“You will come with us by order of Lord Chaos.”
You mean Tezcatlipoca, I corrected bitterly, but didn’t say so out loud. Eulathrin released me and I went over to the vampires. 
“We have done what you asked,” one of the siren guards said. His dark brown eyes were calm, but I could sense an underlying revulsion in his posture. “We have not hindered your father’s plans, nor will we ever. Do you give your word of honor that you will leave us be?”
“So long as you know who rules the universe,” the Kshatriya uttered, “you need never fear the wrath of Lord Chaos.”
There were so many ways that answer could be taken, and I was glad to see I was far from the only one who knew that. The lead siren guard’s jaw tightened ever so slightly before he gave a curt nod. Another Kshatriya pulled out a Chaos wand and created a portal on the wall behind them. One by one the vampires entered it. The lead Kshatriya took my arm. I glanced back at Eulathrin, said goodbye with my eyes, and passed through into the unknown. 
The nausea I felt upon emerging had nothing to do with the portal itself. I had long since grown used to traveling through them. My heart was thundering in my chest, my ears. I was afraid I would pass out. No. Had to remain strong. People’s lives and souls were at stake. No matter what I saw, I had to remain strong.
At first, I didn’t see much of anything since my eyes needed a minute to adjust to the darkness. I didn’t know where we were and didn’t dare ask any questions. It looked like the center of the Earth. Darkness all around, only kept at bay by a small number of fire pits. It took me a moment to realize that the rock beneath my feet wasn’t rock, but obsidian. 
One of the Kshatriya took my arm and we began to walk. I allowed my eyes to take in as much as I could without seeming too obvious. My ears ended up taking in more than my eyes, though. I heard them. They were all around us. Countless Evanescence. They were all scratching ritualistic symbols into the obsidian with their teeth and claws. But the scratching was nothing compared to the groans. They echoed through the caverns, vibrating against the walls likes the wails of a thousand tortured banshees. They never stopped. They continued in an endless symphony that made my teeth chatter and my spine feel like it was incased in ice. But I continued walking. I had to be brave. No matter what I would see…no matter what I would find…
We eventually stopped in front of a set of doors tall and large enough to make the sirens jealous. It was heavily guarded by Kshatriya. My mind, perhaps desperate to distract me, began to identify the various Aztec symbols carved into the obsidian on its own accord. The effort was in vain. I was distracted, but it was thanks to the fact that the Brahmins, the priests, began to chant and mutter in an ancient language I had no hope of understanding. The Kshatriya backed away as the priests made a circle around me. I remained in the middle, rooted, silent, and terrified out of my mind. One of the priests stepped forward. A moment later, my neck was adorned with a heavy necklace of obsidian. Icy fingers traced symbols on my cheeks and forehead. I barely saw lips continuing to mutter under the heavy hood. 
I flinched when the doors swung open. The flinch turned into a full-blown shudder when I heard yet another groan, this one not muffled in the slightest.
The priest stepped aside. He said nothing, but I knew I was supposed to walk through that open door and meet whatever was on the other side. 
For Blackhole. For Shadow. For the dragons.
For everyone.
I willed my legs to move. They carried me down a pitch-black corridor. The darkness weighed heavily on my eyes, but I continued to move even as I gritted my teeth against the incessant groans. Someone beyond this darkness was in pain. Someone beyond this darkness needed help.
I clenched my fists as new resolve melted a good portion of the fear away. My head held high, I made my way through the dark. A minute or maybe an hour later, it began to dissipate against a few thin rays of light, which my eyes greedily devoured. I quickened my pace. When I finally emerged from the other side, I saw him.
He hadn’t been exaggerating about his size. As far as I could see, these chambers were as big as a town. In reality, they were probably as big as a city. And those monstrous claws could have easily shredded the Empire State Building itself in a single blow. His appearance also retained many of the qualities of mythical western dragons: leathery wings, a dinosaur-like head, spikes and teeth shaped like sabers. But I was still digesting his size. I was an ant compared to this creature. Less than an ant. 
The spell of terror and awe I was under broke only when he groaned again. When I looked at him, really looked at him, I could see why he was in such pain. Evanescence were crawling along his body, biting him, ripping his scales clean from his skin and eating them.
A single burnt orange eye the size of a swimming pool opened. The black slit in the middle was unfocused, undoubtedly due to the agony. But when I gasped, it zeroed in on me. 
The eye narrowed. I recognized the emotion burning in its depths: hatred.
I blew out a breath of air. And suddenly I was strangely calm.
“Hello, Your Highness.”

***************

Chapter 14

The crossroad is not kind or fair
Welcome to your greatest nightmare
Minds are torn in perfect halves
Lord, unleash your raucous laugh

Eulathrin 

The latest Siren Intelligence report contained satisfying news. The dragons were currently under attack via an army of vampire warriors and our fallen brothers. I only spared a trace of regret for our spies who were currently begging for aid. All dragon portals were mysteriously malfunctioning, making escape impossible. Unfortunately, we could not aid them. Not without provoking Smoking Mirror’s wrath. They had served the sirens well, and their deaths would not be in vain. 
Not deaths, my conscience reminded me.
But my regret was unwarranted, I told myself. This was King Tarasque’s doing. He had provoked Smoking Mirror and his people, his treasure, his power, everything he held dear would pay the price.
No. You read the reports. He did everything he could to placate Smoking Mirror. He did absolutely nothing to provoke him.
I silenced the voice. It would only betray me in the end. My duty was to my people. The survival of the siren race would always be my priority.
Entering the royal chambers, I bowed before Queen Persephone.
“Welcome Eulathrin,” the queen greeted. She placed the scroll she had been reading on a nearby table. “Our dragon spies still send pleas for aid. Several of them have promised to swear oaths of loyalty to me for all of eternity in exchange for their lives.” A sneer curled her mouth. “How pitiful and dishonorable.”
“Yes, my lady,” I said, though inwardly, I felt no small amount of shock that the queen would possess such contempt for those who had loyally served her for decades. 
 “We will survive this, Eulathrin. So long as we know our place, so long as we do nothing to hinder Smoking Mirror’s plans, we will survive. The fates of all other races are irrelevant.”
Then they came for me and by that time, no one was left to speak up.
“Yes, my lady.”

***

Mercedes

My calm didn’t shatter, not even when a growl that had nothing to do with physical pain rumbled in that monstrous throat. Not even when that fiery orange eye continued to glare at me. 
I looked at his body. The Evanescence were working at him like insatiable robots. Their purpose was single-minded. They would not stop until they had stripped him of every scale on his flesh. Despite all he had done, all he had sworn to do, my heart went out to him. No one deserved this pain, this humiliation. I had to do something, anything.
And your plan, my inner voice reminded me. You have to know exactly what Tezcatlipoca is going to do to him. The salvation of everyone could depend on such knowledge.
Yes. My plan.
I began to walk. That great orange eye seemed to dare me to come closer, but I could also see his fear. I halted in my step.
“Do you know why he brought me here?” I whispered. After a pause, I answered my own question. “He wants me to add to your pain.”
The responding growl and the way the eye flared told me he knew exactly why I was supposed to be here. And that he would kill me if he could. 
“I was never your enemy, Tarasque,” I said. “And I have no intention of starting right now. I’m not going to help him hurt you.”
He didn’t believe me. I hadn’t expected him to.
“Regardless, I am here,” I continued. “And I can’t get out. I’m trapped, like you.” I spread my arms out. “What do you think we should do about that?”
I was satisfied to see a flicker of confusion in that fiery eye wrapped up in all that anger. Unfortunately, it wasn’t enough. I needed him to be willing if this was going to work.
“I’m not going to touch you,” I said. “I’m not even going to go near you. Not unless you want me to.” To emphasize my point, I sat cross-legged on the hard, obsidian ground. 
His suspicion was palpable. I continued. “The truth is, I don’t know what will happen if I try to communicate with you. He’s watching right now, and I have no idea what he’ll do to us once we can talk.” Now my eyes narrowed. “But I do know that he can’t make me do anything. He needs me to be willing for his plans to work. He needs you to be willing too. He needs you to give in. I’m not going to. What about you?”
His response was a furious growl. Said growl was immediately followed by one of agony. I forced myself not to look at his body again. If I did, the calm would break. I would break. And all might be lost.
“I can’t imagine the pain,” I whispered. “Or the loss. But I do care. If that means anything at all.” My hands gripped my knees. “I’m not moving, Tarasque. Not unless you ask me to. The choice is yours.”
I didn’t speak a word after that. I just stared into his gaze. My eyes seemed to have lost their need to blink, just as my body seemed to have lost its needs for food and water. Was there some kind of magic sustaining me? Probably. Would Tezcatlipoca keep me here for the next thousand years if he had to?
Definitely.
I didn’t know how much time passed. An hour, or maybe even a year. Before that great orange eye beckoned at me, time seemed to have lost all meaning. I got to my feet, not noticing that my legs hadn’t cramped up at all, and continued my journey. I ignored Tarasque’s eye as it flared above me like the ominous sun of a dying world. When I reached his neck, the Evanescence eating his scales parted where I stood. His raw, naked flesh was visible for me to see along with the cracked, bleeding X and dragon head symbols. Slave marks. 
I knew now that I would lose count of how many times it would feel as if my nerve would leave me forever. The calmness was but a memory. My breath escaped my mouth in the form of small gasps. I reached out a badly shaking hand and rested my fingertips on one of the marks. Reality pitched around me and my mouth opened in a silent scream. I felt like I had just been hurled off a cliff. Miraculously, I found myself on my feet when the feeling passed. My hands were clutching the rail of a bridge. A very familiar bridge. 
I looked wildly around. The air was as pleasantly warm as the sunlight on my face. The lake below sparkled like the finest of diamonds. The trees rustled gently in the breeze…the trees that had always reminded me of Tolkien’s Ents. 
“Down Harvard Lane,” I whispered. 
“He told me he was fond of irony,” a dry familiar voice intoned. “But only now am I beginning to believe him.”
Tarasque was walking toward me in his human form. His two copies were absent. It was just him; handsome, golden, and expression hard as stone. I turned to face him, but didn’t speak. My silence made him suspicious.
“You have nothing to say?”
I shrugged. “I said you had a choice. You chose to let me near you. Your choice, your move, king of the dragons.”
“And how many moves I could make,” he said quietly. His tall form loomed over me, casting me in shadow. “I wanted to make you suffer. I still do.”
“Why exactly?” I asked.
“You tried to manipulate me.” His whisper came out as practically a hiss. “No creature attempts such a thing without drastic consequences.”
I scowled. “So despite the fact that Tezcatlipoca has confirmed everything I warned you about, I’m still the liar.”
“I am not speaking of Necoc Yaotl.” Tarasque stepped close enough to invade my personal space. 
I stood my ground. “So this is about me asking if you loved me.”
“It is about your manipulation.” Now the hiss was far more prominent. “You hoped you could use my imaginary love,” he sneered the word, “against me so I would spare your vampire mate and his people at the cost of my people and everything I hold dear.”
“And what have I done that merits you believing I would do such a thing?”
“You may be different from other humans, but you are still human. You will manipulate for your own ends. Perhaps not for treasure, but you would, Mercedes Strand, if the lives of your loved ones depended on it.”
I shrugged again. “Maybe. People have called me an angel for years now, but I’ve never pretended to be one. And I don’t believe I am one. If you want me to admit that I’m capable of manipulation, then yes, I am. Regardless, I didn’t ask that question to manipulate you. That’s all in your head, Your Majesty.”
“You—”
“Tarasque, enough.” I held up my hands, finally taking a step back from him. “I’ve told you the truth, and if you don’t want to believe it, then I can’t help that. But you of all people should know we have far greater problems to deal with now.”
To my relief, he seemed to gain some reason at that. He put one hand to his temple.
“I cannot feel them here,” he whispered. “But I know they are there. They are eating me alive…”
“Tarasque, dragons greatly value their scales, right?”
He looked at me sharply. “That is an understatement.”
I nodded. “The Evanescence, the creatures eating your scales…any sense of identity they had before was stolen from them when they were twisted. That’s what Tezcatlipoca is trying to do now. He’s trying to take away your identity as a dragon. You can’t let him.”
“He will never win.” Tarasque bared his teeth. “I will not let him.”
“Just be prepared for anything,” I said. “I’ll help in any way I can.” 
His eyes narrowed and he crossed the distance between us. “Make no mistake, human. I do not trust you. I let you near me only because you are the one link I possess beyond the suffering I now endure. Betray me, and you and everything you hold dear will die.”
“Not only did you make that threat before,” I said coldly. “You came very close to carrying it out. Why make it again?”
“Why would you offer your aid to me again knowing what you will lose should I gain my freedom?” he demanded. “Are you that compassionate, that foolish?”
“Will you kill everyone I love if I help you escape Tezcatlipoca?” I asked. “Are you that dishonorable, that evil?”
He appraised me for a moment. “If you are successful in aiding me, then I will abandon my grudge against you as well as your vampire mate. To this I swear on the sacred grounds of my fathers.”
I smiled, grateful that he still retained his honor. There was hope after all.
“Well, let’s just focus on beating Tezcatlipoca first,” I said. “We can worry about promises later.”
“Indeed.” Tarasque looked around. “Nothing can be gained by returning to reality. I tried numerous times to escape my prison. My strength is gone, and my magic is but a memory. Those creatures…those Evanescence…their bite is excruciating. Even that one bite I received from your vampire mate’s pet caused me great pain.”
I hesitated for a moment. Could I trust him with my knowledge? Would he turn on me?
You have no choice. If you don’t trust him, he will not trust you, and you will never escape here.
“An Evanescence’s bite is very poisonous to those who possess magic,” I said. “A large dosage will kill, though your death isn’t Tezcatlipoca’s goal.”
He paled. “You claimed he wishes to twist my people into grotesque monstrosities.”
“And when you become grotesque monstrosities, he plans on presenting you as slaves to the vampires.” My voice gentled. “There’s no such thing as a deal with the devil, Tarasque. He will always betray you. Always.”
Tarasque turned away sharply. He seized the rail of the bridge in a white-knuckled death grip. 
“I am a fool.”
The despair and self-loathing in his voice made me wince, though I was well aware he deserved it. But I didn’t comfort him. This was not the time for sympathy.
“There’s more,” I said. “Tezcatlipoca’s motivation for all of this is revenge. He created the vampires while his brother Quetzalcoatl created the dragons and the Evanescence. He twisted the Evanescence because, supposedly, his brother tried to take the vampires from him. He intends to complete his vengeance with the dragons, the brothers of the Evanescence.”
“Brother…” The word came out a hushed whispered. “He said he had a brother, and that brother tried to take his children from him. But he claimed the vampires were his brother’s children.”
“He lied,” I said. “He created the vampires.”
Tarasque was silent for a moment. He looked like he wanted to tell me something, but decided against it.
“As I said, we cannot go back to reality. If we are to beat Necoc Yaotl, we must do so here where our minds are strongest. But we must hurry. The longer we delay, the more deformed I and my people become.”
“Then let’s start by figuring out why he brought us to this place first,” I said. I looked around. “This is where we first met, but that can’t be the only reason.”
“You are more familiar with this area,” Tarasque said. “Which part holds the most significance?”
I considered that for a moment.
“That way leads to my school.” I pointed to the east end of the bridge. “But if we go back, we’ll end up at my house. I think that’s where we should go. It’s a bit of a walk though.”
“Then flight would be a more convenient form of transportation.” Tarasque looked at his hands and frowned. “I cannot change to my natural form, but another capable of flight…”
He spread his arms out and they extended, as did his entire body. In mere seconds, he became a majestic crimson bird with flaming wings, a powerful curved beak, and an incredibly long, fiery tale. 
“Phoenix,” I whispered. The sight of such a magnificent creature stole my breath.
The powerful wings flared as Tarasque beckoned his scarlet head at me. Shaking off my awe, I approached him. He rose up a few feet in the air and wrapped his talons around me. Well, it was the only way he could carry me being that his wings and body were covered in actual fire. We rose up higher and higher.
Tell me where to go, he said in my head, and I complied.

***

Tarasque 

I asked her to approach me. After swearing that I would make her and the one she loved suffer beyond their wildest dreams, I asked her to approach me. Not only that, I gifted her with my trust. In truth, she was my only link to the outside, but I had not lied when I told her I would spare her and her mate if she assisted me. I had lied when I said I did not trust her. I did not want to trust her. I loathed myself for trusting her…and yet I did. 
But the trust is not complete, I assured myself. Her truths regarding Necoc Yaotl are irrelevant. She attempted to manipulate my feelings, and she will always put the safety of her vampire mate before the safety of my people.
Her vampire mate. How I longed to kill him. I had not lied when I made my promise to spare him, but even if she succeeded in aiding me, I knew I would have little qualms in breaking that promise. A dragon always valued his goal before his honor. It was our way. 
But I may not have to break my word. Mercedes has proven herself to be a manipulator, she even admitted her capability outright. If she betrays me, I will have my vengeance, and I will never feel the need to trust her again.
Your Highness…do you love me?
Her fragile form rested in my talons. I fought the urge to squeeze them.
There, she spoke to me in my mind. There’s my house.
Fortunately, the frontal garden was more than sizable enough for a phoenix to land comfortably. I set Mercedes on her feet before reverting to my human form. I forced myself not to think of my true body, the pain and violation it was going through. I ground my teeth. Stay focused. You will have your vengeance.
“Tarasque?”
I spared her a glance before beginning to walk at a brisk pace. She instantly caught up with me. Neither of us spoke until we reached the front doors. Mercedes tested the handle. It opened right away. She glanced at me, suspicious and almost frightened. I shared the sentiment. If Necoc Yaotl was making no effort to hinder us, then we should be very wary of what laid beyond those doors. 
Mercedes cautiously pushed them open and stepped inside. I followed suit. She looked around, but my enhanced hearing was what picked up the noise.
“There are voices coming from there.” I pointed in said direction.
She frowned. “That’s where the dining room is.”
We made are our way there. Soon enough, even Mercedes’ limited human hearing could pick up the voices. She frowned.
“That’s my father.” Her eyes went wide. “And that’s…”
She broke into a run. Her feet skidded to a halt by the open door of a room containing a long table adorned with a variety of alien foods. At the end of the table was a human male with Mercedes’ medium gold skin, hair, and blue eyes. Seated beside him, eating and laughing, was a small human child with the exact same coloring.
“That’s…that’s me,” Mercedes breathed in awe, putting a hand to her mouth. The little girl opened her mouth wide. “He’s going to put a chicken dumpling in my mouth.”
The male smiled and picked up a circular item of food and placed it in the child’s mouth. Judging by Mercedes’ pallor, it was most definitely a chicken dumpling. 
“I remember this,” she whispered. “When I was six. He took time off from work to have dinner with me.”
I studied the human father and daughter. They spoke about stories, education, and various personal things. Love and security was abundant in speech and body language. I found myself entranced against my will. This behavior was not at all like the human behavior I had witnessed in the Mirror. Maybe I had been watching the wrong humans.
When the meal was finished, the male lifted his child from her chair and carried her out of the room just as other humans that I presumed were servants began to clear everything away. 
“Come on,” Mercedes whispered. “He’s going to take me upstairs.”
Though it was obvious we could not be seen or heard, Mercedes kept somewhat of a distance between her father and her child self. I could not blame her for it. The male handed the little girl to a woman in a servant uniform, but not before kissing her on the forehead and promising that he would wish her sweet dreams before she slumbered. 
“That’s Natalie, our housekeeper,” Mercedes said. “She’s going to get me ready for bed now.”
The woman carried the child away. The male went in the opposite direction. Mercedes bit her lip.
“I wonder…” She made to follow the woman, but stopped in her tracks. She turned to me and said, “I can’t go any further. He wants us to follow my dad.”
“Then that is what we must do,” I said not without bitterness. 
We followed the male whose destination possessed a complex path. He made various twists and turns, opening doors and resealing them, all the while glancing over his shoulder to ensure the solitude of his journey. I looked at Mercedes, but she appeared as confused as I was. She had no idea where her father was going. 
The last door her father opened revealed a flight of downward stairs. We followed him down, and my hearing picked up voices again. Not just two this time, but several.
“There are humans down here,” I whispered to Mercedes. “A lot of humans.”
She didn’t reply. Her skin had not yet regained its golden hue. Quite the contrary, it looked more pallid and sickly than ever. She was confused, and she was afraid. 
Her pace quickened down the stairs. Upon reaching the end, I was greeted by the sight of several human males. Their garb was professional and they all sat together at a long table, sipping wine, consuming food, trading stories, smiling, and laughing. At first glance, the scene would have appeared similar to the one before with human father and daughter, but the notion would have lasted a moment at the most. The atmosphere of this setting and the faces of these humans did not contain a drop of love or security. They contained everything I had witnessed in humanity throughout my centuries of observation: greed, contempt, selfishness, corruption. 
Mercedes’ father took his place at the head of the table. When he spoke, his voice was void of the gentle, compassionate tones he had used when addressing his daughter. 
“I apologize for the delay.”
“You should apologize for bringing us here in the first place,” one of the men said sharply. His accent was noticeably different than Mercedes’ father’s was along with his choice of hairstyle. “We should be somewhere far less conspicuous than the house of the great Nathaniel Strand.”
“And we would be if not for the rumors that the location of our safe house has been leaked to the FBI,” Nathaniel countered. “We did not get this far by being careless. We will hold meetings in the safe house once certain meddling winds have blown over and not a moment sooner. My home may be moderately conspicuous, yes, but its security is second to none, as is the cleanliness of my hands. Do any of you disagree?”
None of them did. He continued.
“Now then, I would like to keep this short. It's getting late and I promised my daughter I would kiss her goodnight before she sleeps.” Several of the men smirked. Nathaniel ignored them. “As you all know, Strand Clean Energy is having some problems with GreenCorp. They believe we are withholding funding and services to certain states on purpose in order to keep them reliant on fossil fuels. Where they could have gotten such ludicrous ideas is beyond me,” several of the men chuckled, “but if they can falsify documents, then that could be a serious problem.” More chuckles. This time far louder. “GreenCorp is far too noble and high-strung to respond to self-indulgent forms of persuasion, so we will have to try something different.”
“Shall I arrange a few accidents for the accusers?” the accented man inquired. His smile contained a deep cruelty.
“No, that would be far too obvious,” Nathaniel said. “I prefer a more subtle, delicate approach. One that will make our accusers live to regret the foulness of their misdeeds.”
“What do you have in mind?”
Nathaniel rubbed his chin in thought. “I believe the solution is to give GreenCorp a taste of their own medicine. Igor, I will especially need your help with this.”
A slim, aging human with icy dark eyes smiled. “The pleasure is all mine, Mr. Strand.”
“Excellent. This meeting is adjourned.” Nathaniel stood up. “If you would all excuse me, I must see to my daughter now. My housekeeper will show you out.”
The humans began filing out, but Mercedes didn’t move at first. Being that this was merely an illusion, they phased right through her as though they were made of air and not flesh and blood. Her gaze remained locked on her father. I thought she had looked pale and sickly before, but had she informed me right then that she was mere moments away from dying I would have believed her. Regardless of her state, she followed her father to her child self’s sleeping chambers. 
The little girl was sitting up on her bed reading from what I recognized as a datapad. At her father’s approach, she immediately put it down and smiled brightly. Nathaniel smiled in turn, hugged his daughter, and tucked her under the soft blankets of her bed. He brushed her forehead with his lips.
“Dream of the angels, little princess,” he whispered. With a final smile, he turned out the lights and left the room. 
Mercedes didn’t follow him; she was staring at her younger self. At the peaceful, innocent child who appeared to be doing exactly as her father said: dreaming of the angels. 
“Liar.” 
I blanched, not at the word, but the amount of venom in it. 
“It’s a good try, Tezcatlipoca,” she continued, keeping her gaze locked on her child self. I noted that her hands were trembling slightly. “But it’s not going to work.”
I am aware that you have an excellent memory, little key. My jaw clenched at the sound of the loathsome god’s voice. The details of this particular incidence have never gotten lost within it. At least not the part you played. I merely filled in the gaps so that you would be aware of everything.
Anger and denial warred on Mercedes’ face. After a few moments, she let out a deep breath and spoke calmly.
“My father,” she uttered, “earned his place in the business world through honesty and integrity. You have nothing to gain by telling me otherwise. I know it’s a lie.”
There was a moment of silence.
Yes. You truly do believe what I have shown you is a lie. There is not a shred of doubt in your mind. Only anger. Very well. Your anger is satisfactory enough. And I have all the time in the world. 
He didn’t speak again, but we were not returned to reality. Mercedes took one last look at her child self’s sleeping face before turning to me.
“Come on. Let’s get out of here.”
Normally, I would have berated her for having the gall to give me orders. However, I was only too eager to distance myself from this place. 
Mercedes stopped only when we were halfway through the frontal yard. Her back was to me and her stance retained its previous calmness.
“This is what we’re going to face, Tarasque,” she said. “This is our test. He’s going to feed us lie after lie after lie. And each one will seem more convincing than the last.” She turned around to look at me with burning eyes. “We have to stay strong. We have to remember who we are.”
I nodded. Lies such as the one Necoc Yaotl just presented to Mercedes were specifically designed to corrupt her, to make her think her origins and her kin were impure, meaning that she must be impure in turn. And if Necoc Yaotl would lie about her father, he most definitely would lie about mine.
“I will always know who I am,” I said. “I am Tarasque, king of the dragons. No one shall tell me differently, god or mortal.”
She smiled. “And I’m Mercedes Strand. No one shall tell me differently, god or mortal.”

***

Shadow

The sun would be rising very soon, but I was not afraid. I knew that light the sirens had used to torture me with before was in fact sunlight summoned by some form of sorcery. Now I possessed a unique immunity to it thanks to my ravenous feasts on siren blood. Crouching in one of the very few shadows in this admittedly magnificent kingdom, I watched various sirens pass me by including several garbed in the armor of the guards I had killed. Had the area been more secluded, I would have grabbed one and interrogated him regarding the whereabouts of Eulathrin, Mercedes’ siren acquaintance. She would know where my love was. 
Inwardly, I cringed against the pain that thought caused. Well-deserved pain, though. I had absolutely no right to think of her as my love, yet I could not help it. Not even when the memory of the way she had looked at me before carrying Blackhole away seared my conscience.
Get me out of here, Eulathrin. Get me as far away from here as you can.
I embraced the self-loathing, let it butcher my insides. Pain had fueled my strength many times throughout my five-hundred years of life. This time, it would give me to strength to obey my honor, to remove myself from Mercedes’ life once her safety was assured. 
The sun continued to rise. I felt no pain. My enhanced hearing was beginning to pick up less sound. When it lessened to my satisfaction, I prepared to use all of my speed to move to the next area.
My body froze when I felt a presence behind me.
I did not move. I stayed there, still, fighting down the urge to punish, to wreak my vengeance.
Get me out of here, Eulathrin. Get me as far away from here as you can.
My hands curled into half-fists.
“I have absolutely nothing to say to you, as you have nothing to say that I wish to hear.”
His responding whine was sad, but highly insistent. I did not turn around.
“I will spare you for her. Leave before I change my mind.”
He growled. This time it was derisive. I whirled around, grabbed him, and shoved him against the wall. But my touch, however violent, enabled him to speak clearly in my head with no effort.
You need to follow me! The guards are coming. They’re searching every dark area in the vicinity!
“And what,” I said with deadly calm, “makes you believe that I will follow you? What makes you believe I will trust a single word from that lying, manipulative mind of yours?"
If you want my life, it is yours. I would have let you have it the first time. But we need to get out of here. He snarled at me. Now, Shadow!
In the distance, I heard the approach of guards. My eyes narrowed and I released Blackhole.
To his credit, he did not waste a moment. He led me down a path that caused me to use every ounce of stealth I possessed. We hid behind pillars, ducked around the edges of buildings, all while guards flew about and golden sunlight shining down on us. I frowned. This was the path I should have taken in the first place. Naturally, they would search dark places first, regardless of my strange immunity to sunlight. It was an error I would rectify once I was rid of Blackhole. 
The Evanescence led me to a balcony at least two-hundred stories above ground. I leapt inside. My presence caused a cry of fear and anger from an elderly siren female within who had been managing displays of clothing. She continued to shout at me. I grabbed her by the throat.
“Silence,” I snarled. This old creature possessed the same smug, superior, cowardly aura I had felt so many times before. By the darkest hell, I detested sirens. My fangs emerged and I took a moment to enjoy the way her eyes bugged out in horror before drinking. Only until the last drop was consumed did I let her fall to the ground, a broken heap of flesh and feathers. Blackhole spared me a glance before devouring the corpse and any remaining splatters of blood.
“I would have hid it!” I snarled at him.
I felt our bond strain slightly when he spoke to me. You wouldn’t have had time to clean up all of it before you had to move again.
I grabbed him again, much harder than the last time. “What are you doing, you sniveling traitor?” I hissed. “If you are hoping to gain my trust again—”
I’m not after your trust, Shadow, he insisted. You heard me before. If you want my life, you can have it.
I wanted to. By hell I wanted to. But even in my rage, I knew it would bring me no satisfaction. My other reason was far more important.
“If she nearly died for you,” I bit out, “then I cannot without disgracing her. So keep your wretched life, traitor.”
I released him and gained some satisfaction when disappointment radiated from our bond.
“You wish to die so badly? You wish to be free of your suffering? After what you have done, are you so dishonorable as to believe yourself worthy of such mercy?”
I am not looking for mercy. I wish to die because in death, I will not be able to bring harm to you or Mercedes again. After a moment, he said in a much grimmer voice, But now I am beginning to believe that is a fool’s notion. If our father wishes me to harm you by my life or death, I will do so. He has the power. 
Our father.
No. I would not think about that now.
“I care not for Tezcatlipoca’s power,” I spat. “I care only for the well-being of Mercedes.”
Shadow, you cannot speak of our father in such a—
“HE IS NOT—MY—FATHER!”
I stood there, panting, hating the universe and everything in it, including myself. The only star that shone in the infinite night was that of my love. 
You don’t have to call him father, Blackhole said softly. But you must not provoke him as you provoked the elites. Mercedes is in his power, Shadow.
I grabbed him again. “Where,” I hissed, “Is she?”
I can’t tell you. You must find your own way.
“That is exactly what I intended to do all along.” I gave him a contemptuous shove and proceeded to walk away. “I do not know why I wasted so much time here with you.”
Just as I was about to check if there were guards hovering outside the balcony, Blackhole crossed my path. 
Shadow, I know my apologies mean nothing. I know I cannot atone for what I have done. But if you wish to remain among the living, you must not provoke our father as you provoked the elites. Mercedes is vital to his plans for the dragons. She will not be harmed. You are part of his plans as well, but if you insist on becoming a liability, then you will make yourself one. Do you understand?
The sheer desperation in his voice surprised me, as was the genuine concern for my welfare. But surprise quickly gave way to anger. 
“If you truly value my life and Mercedes’ well-being so much, then why serve one who wishes to destroy us? Are you so naïve as to believe Tezcatlipoca will release Mercedes once he has what he desires from her?”
Blackhole cringed. I snorted in disgust and made to walk away.
I have to obey, Shadow. I have no choice. I am bound to our father in ways you cannot imagine.
“And Mercedes and I mean so little to you that you would accept your chains without thought or question?”
I didn’t wait for answer. The way was clear, so I took it. 

***

Mercedes

Only a moment passed after Tarasque and I vowed that Tezcatlipoca would never corrupt us did reality shift again. The type of reality indicated that the dark god was not at all pleased at our display of strength. The scenery consisted of a parched ground as far as the eye could see. Dark clouds billowed over us, and soon enough, said parched ground was greedily soaking up a downpour of rain. Tarasque changed into that magnificent phoenix again, and though his wingspan was that of a small airplane, the winds ensured that we were both soaked to the bone in a matter of seconds. Shielding my eyes with my hand, I kept an eye on the ground, trying my best to ignore how cold I was getting. I couldn’t deny my intense relief when I spotted a large cave carved into an enormous wall of rock several miles into our journey.
Tarasque, down there. There’s a cave in that rock wall.
The phoenix’s fierce but elegant head dipped down to where I was pointing. Large, liquid black narrowed eyes narrowed even further.
What a generous mercy, he said inside my head. 
The cave was big enough for Tarasque to fit both of us inside. Once we were safe from the rain, he shifted back into human form and caught my gaze. We were both panting, miserable, freezing, and soaked. I rubbed my temples, determined not to let a growing headache get the better of me. 
“Let’s see if there’s some excess rocks and wood around,” I said, willing my teeth not to chatter. “A fire would be very nice right now.”
“Indeed.” Tarasque said. His teeth were clenched as well, but I could tell that it was more due to rage than cold. 
Now wasn’t the time to talk to him, though. Reason always worked best when one was as physically comfortable as possible. I silently looked around the cave, refusing to allow the cold to slow my movements down. Rocks weren’t a problem, and surprisingly, neither was wood or leaves. The cave was plentiful with little plants and reasonably sized branches. I gathered as many as my arms could hold and dumped them into a growing pile. Tarasque helped, but not in his human form. He gathered firewood in a form that was humanoid, but large, lumpy, ugly, and most definitely not human. I suspected it was a troll or an ogre of some sort, but didn’t ask. Whatever it was, it was many times stronger than a human. Within fifteen or so minutes, we had constructed a large pile of firewood with plenty to spare so we wouldn’t have to get up for a while should Tezcatlipoca choose to keep us here for a long time. 
Tarasque changed back into his human form and raised his hand over the wood. His face contorted in concentration, but nothing happened. Finally, he growled in exasperation.
“He has taken my fire. I cannot start one.” He growled again. “He is also preventing me from changing into the phoenix.”
Instead of despairing, I set up a pair of sticks and began to rub them together. I had gone on my fair share of camping trips and always made sure to keep my basic survival techniques up to par. It took a little while, but I was eventually rewarded with a spark that slowly but surely spread across the pile of wood into a glorious fire. I sighed in both relief and exhaustion and warmed my hands over it. Tarasque was still standing. And he was staring at me very oddly.
“What is it?” I asked.
Instead of answering, he rounded around the fire and took a seat beside me. His gaze flicked to my hovering hands before copying the movement. 
We sat in silence for a while. Unfortunately, the quiet time didn’t seem to mollify Tarasque. He kept on shooting me and the fire glances, each one more furious than the last. Finally, jaw and fists grinding, he flew to his feet and stormed toward the cave’s entrance.
“Where are you?” he hissed. “WHERE ARE YOU, NECOC YAOTL!?”
Alarmed, I scrambled up and ran after him. 
“Tarasque!”
He ignored me, continuing to rage, curse, and threaten as he exited the cave. I tried to grab his arm, but he shoved me to the ground. He went out into the storm, but fortunately, he didn’t go far. I watched his distorted form as his pent-up emotions exploded out of him. 
A dark chuckle rang through my mind.
My, he can throw quite the tantrum. 
I pursed my lips together, refusing to give that despicable monster any satisfaction.
Oh, come now, little key. I just revealed to you a terrible truth, and yet it is the almighty dragon king who beats his fists and drums his heels in the aftermath. Surely you find that irony somewhat humorous?
I didn’t answer.
Of course you don’t. I never would have chosen you if you were capable of such cruelty.
“Why did you choose me?” I demanded, unable to stand it any longer. “Why me, Tezcatlipoca? Why me out of all the humans in the world?”
As you know, that would be telling, little key. Something I’m capable of, true, but only at the right time. 
Meaning he would tell me—gloat to me after I did what he wanted. After I helped humiliate Tarasque. Break him.
But I would never do such a thing. Tezcatlipoca knew that, he just said so. And if that’s what he did want, surely he would have directly threatened people I loved by now? 
You know better than that, my inner voice chimed in. Humiliating someone, breaking them doesn’t always involve overt methods. Quite the contrary.
Yes. That was so true.
I stared at Tarasque. His rage was now spent. He was on his knees, head bowed. Unmoving. I ached to go over to him, to comfort him, to help. I scrambled to my knees, then stopped. 
Your Highness…do you love me?
Of course. How could I have been so stupid? I wasn’t here to torment Tarasque, not by myself. I was here to soothe him, to calm him, to strengthen his attachment to me. Then Tezcatlipoca would have a carrot to dangle in front of his nose along with a horde of terrible lies. I was Tarasque’s only companion here, and I had no idea how long Tezcatlipoca intended to hold us prisoner. Years. Decades. Centuries. A millennia. If he grew to trust me…love me, and Tezcatlipoca hurt me or killed me or worse…that could drive him over the edge.
I continued to stare at Tarasque’s broken form. While I remained unmoving, my mind sang me praises while my heart gave me hell.
You can’t save everyone, Mercedes.
I waited for Tezcatlipoca to speak, to order me to go after Tarasque. But those were a fool’s thoughts. Tezcatlipoca wouldn’t confirm my suspicions. He would merely watch and laugh.
I climbed to my knees.
Don’t do it. If you do it, it will be on you as much as Tezcatlipoca.
Painfully, I got to my feet. 
You’re being selfish. You want to help him only because you can’t stand to watch him suffer. Better this suffering now than losing his mind and identity later! Don’t you dare do it!
I covered my mouth with my hand. What was I supposed to do? What was the right thing to do?
I turned around, praying that I would see him walking back to the cave. But he was still out in the rain. 
Two choices, and either one would make me a monster. 
Biting my lip hard enough to draw blood, I walked out into the rain. The roar beat against my ears. Or maybe that was just Tezcatlipoca’s laughter. There really wasn’t a difference. I knelt beside Tarasque and put a hand on his shoulder, half-expecting him to shove me again. But he didn’t. He didn’t even look at me. I took his arm and gave it a gentle tug. To my shock, he stood up, albeit slowly and without meeting my eyes. I guided him into the cave and didn’t stop walking until we reached the still blazing fire. 
I let go of Tarasque cautiously and took it as a good sign that he didn’t fall or even stumble. I sat down in front of the fire. After a moment he did so too with painstakingly slowness.
“They are eating me,” he whispered.
“I know,” I whispered back.
“My true self is being consumed. My people are being consumed. And I cannot help them. I am trapped here in a world of that twisted monster’s creation.” He turned to look at me. His emerald eyes glittered feverishly in the firelight. “What if we can keep our identities? They will be all we have left. We cannot escape from here. My people are at the mercy of one who has no mercy. As are the ones you love.”
I couldn’t deny he was right. Nor could I deny the despair that sliced through me. So what if we kept our identities? By the time Tezcatlipoca was finished with us, the rest of the dragons could be twisted. My family and friends could all be dead. Only Shadow would be there.
Unsure as I was about our relationship, I clung to his memory like it was the only star in a bleak night sky. 
Remember how hopeless everything seemed with Xavier, I told myself. He was about to kill Shadow. He was just about to rape and torture me, yet we both survived. We survived to love each other and battle the outside forces who sought to tear us apart. 
Granted, there was no comparison between the power and reach of Tezcatlipoca and Xavier, but the memory fed my strength. It rekindled my hope. 
 “He wants you to care about me,” I said. “His hope is that after a certain amount of time, you’ll care about me enough so that my pain and or death will cause you great anguish. It’s the reason I didn’t go after you right away. I thought if you were callous toward me, or even hated me, he wouldn’t be able to use me against you.”
“You are correct,” Tarasque said in an oddly blank voice. “Why did you choose to go after me?”
“For a moment I hated myself for it,” I confessed. “I thought I was being selfish. But I was wrong. Tezcatlipoca is mighty. He can read our thoughts and accurately guess what our choices will be. I would be surprised if he couldn’t predict the future. But he’s not infallible. He can’t predict a wholly accurate future.”
“How do you know?”
“To be honest, it’s nothing more than a feeling. But it’s a feeling that I know I can trust.” I sighed at his disgusted look. “I’m not as naïve as you think I am, Tarasque. I hope you realize that someday. Remembering who I am is only ten percent of the battle. Staying who I am is the other ninety.”

***

Tarasque

She turned away to stare into the dancing, crackling flames. I found a dark rock on the cave floor a more therapeutic sight. However, it did not stop me from mulling over her words or the hidden meanings behind them.
She was now aware of the purpose of her presence, and the potential harm it could cause to me. I wanted to scoff at the notion that I could grow to care for her, but I was done with foolishness. I already trusted her against my better judgment.
But was it truly against my better judgment to trust her? After all, she could have kept her newfound knowledge to herself. Instead, she divulged it. Out of trust. Before she followed me into the terrible storm outside when the anger and despair became too much. I stared at my arms, the thin, frail, naked skin. Exactly how my skin and my people’s skin would be when those filthy dark creatures were through. I gripped my arms, fresh hatred and disgust clawing at me. My eyes flickered towards Mercedes’ arms. She was wearing a golden silk siren tunic over loose trousers. The sleeves, once pale and shining, were dark, dull, and soaked. Icy drops of water fell from the material. They hit the ground with silent pings. 
After a brief glance at the terrible storm outside, my chest constricted in a growing guilt. Her presence had fed my explosive emotions. Or more specifically, her calmness. Instead of growing angry at my inability to create a fire, she used her own primitive skills to give us warmth and light. She succeeded where I failed. Just as she succeeded in maintaining control when Necoc Yaotl showed her those hideous lies about her father. I would not have been so calm if my father had been the target of those lies. I would have raged. I would have done something foolish.
Like I did mere minutes ago. 
“How do you do it?”
She looked at me. “I’m sorry?”
“How can you maintain such control after Necoc Yaotl told you such horrible lies about your father?” It took everything I had not to let my desperation show. 
She bit her lip. “He’s smart. Incredibly smart. I remember eleven years ago, mere weeks after my father and I had that dinner, GreenCorp had been accused of taking bribes from the greedy oil companies who wanted to keep the people reliant on fossil fuels. Igor Stewart was the man who started the accusations, and he was also the man who provided the evidence.”
“Igor Stewart?” 
“My father’s second in command. He’s a brilliant lawyer. Knows the system and human nature like the back of his hand.” She stared at me pointedly. “You saw him, that is you saw an image of him in that little show Tezcatlipoca put on for us. He’s the one who told my father he would help him give GreenCorp a taste of their own medicine.”
I blinked, stunned. “That fits too perfectly to be mere coincidence.”
“Exactly,” she said seriously. “That’s why Tezcatlipoca chose it. What better way to shake my faith than facts that I can’t deny?” She shook her head. “But I know my father. And I know Igor Stewart. They’re both men of the deepest honor and integrity. No one will tell me otherwise.”
Now I recognized the violent emotion churning within me: envy.
It seemed impossible that a human girl whose age would register as a mere infant compared to a dragon would possess such unshakable faith despite what she had just seen. She had been angry, yes, but that anger had lasted a moment at the most. Not like mine.
Father, if you were ashamed of me before, that would be nothing compare to now. I am grateful you cannot see me. All I can do is swear that I will not let him poison me against you. I will be strong.
As my gaze flickered to Mercedes again, I realized something else: she believed in me. She believed I could be strong. That was why she had come after me despite knowing the consequences of me possessing a strong attachment to her. 
I looked back at the stone. The realization should not have impacted me so severely. By all reason, by all sense, the faith of a young mortal should barely mean anything. 
But I am not like other dragons. I’ve known that since I was a hatchling. I have just never been able to fully accept it. I want to be like other dragons…but I cannot.
My hand reached out to touch Mercedes’ wet arm. 
“Thank you,” I said. My tone lay naked my gratitude and respect.
She was surprised at first, but then she smiled and clasped her hand over mine.
“You’re welcome.”
Neither of us let go. I noticed that her hand was quite warm despite her exposure to the icy rain. I moved closer until our bodies were practically touching. The warmth of her paled in comparison to the warmth of the fire. But it was not just the warmth of her body. Not at all. It was her kindness. Her faith. There was something about them both that made her incredibly intoxicating. I did not know what it was. I did not have to know.
Her face was lovely in the firelight despite stress and lack of sleep, and my human body stirred in the way it always did when I was near her. Only this time it was much stronger. 
My knowledge of human intimacy was far from limited, and my desire to experience something of it with this particular human was not slight. I let my hand trail down her cheek.
“Tarasque?”
Her voice was soft, confused. Deciding to eliminate the latter, I brought our faces together. Just as my lips were about to touch hers, she drew away.
“Tarasque, no. I’m sorry, no.”
I froze. Her face was regretful, but also firm. Shielding my deep disappointed, I too drew away.
“Forgive me.”
My voice sounded cold, even to my own ears.
“No, it’s all right,” she assured me, despite my tone. “We just…we can’t be like that.”
“I do not see you as an object,” I said. “You are no mere piece of treasure.”
“I know,” she said, sounding almost weary. “But we can’t. I’m in love with Shadow.”
Only the words ‘love’ and ‘Shadow’ registered in my mind. They produced a mix of seething jealousy and confusion. As always, her vampire mate was the reason she would never wish to be mine. And while I knew of love, while I remembered Mercedes’ definition of the type of love she shared with her beloved vampire, I still did not understand it. And I wanted so much too.
But not nearly as much as I wish for the freedom and well-being of my people, I reminded myself. I will not be distracted from my goal.
The roar outside suddenly quieted. Mercedes and I looked at the cave’s entrance. The rain was gone.
“You think he wants us to leave?” Mercedes asked.
“I would imagine so,” I replied, getting to my feet. “I for one have no desire to stay here.”
“Then let’s see what he has cooked up for us next.”

***

Mercedes

Fortunately, Tezcatlipoca allowed Tarasque some of his shape-shifting powers back so we didn’t have to travel by foot to our next destination, whatever that may be. For a while, I just stared at the ground as I hung in Tarasque’s claw, trying not to dwell on what happened the night before. There were so much more important things I needed to be thinking about right now. Fortunately, my mind wasn’t locked on the issue, but it was one I couldn’t ignore.
Your Highness…do you love me?
No. He didn’t love me. Maybe he cared for me a little, but his feelings were definitely not on par with someone who was in love. Tarasque’s affection seemed to stem more from fascination. Not at all like Shadow.
Shadow…
Look ahead.
Tarasque’s sharp tone prompted instant obedience. Below the horizon, which had grown blue and brilliant, were a line of mountains so enormous and magnificent I knew they couldn’t be of my world. 
The Saw Tooth Mountains, Tarasque said.
I remembered.
We flew onward. The mountains’ colors ranged from dark gray to burnt amber. Some were fat, some were thin, some were taller or shorted than the others. But they all connected to each other in some way like a family. Up close and personal, the sight was absolutely breathtaking. I was so amazed I didn’t ask Tarasque any questions. But he broke me out of my reverie by volunteering the information.
He is directing us toward Mt. Draco. It is where all dragon kings are buried. The sacred grounds of my forefathers.
I went very still. So, I was about to see what Tarasque had been willing to risk everything in order to protect. 
It is unthinkable for outsiders to see the outside of Mt. Draco, much less the inside, he continued. If even you ever set foot in there on your own accord, I would have no qualms in killing you.
His voice wasn’t reproachful. He didn’t resent the fact that he had to bring me in there, illusion or not. Instead, he wanted me to be aware of the impossible honor I was about to be granted. 
I will be as respectful and gracious as I am able, I said.
I know.
Despite not being in love with me, I knew he was hurt and disappointed from my rejection. But I had to give him credit; he wasn’t dwelling on my rejection. His focus was where it should be.
I was right to have faith in you, I thought, but didn’t send to him as a telepathic message. 
Mount Draco was the color of hard granite. Tarasque flew us inside an opening that, from my limited perspective, looked as if it could contain the moon. We landed on the smooth, stone ground. Tarasque released me and I looked around. Against my will, I found myself admiring Tezcatlipoca for his ability to create not only such realistic physical illusions, but psychological ones as well. Surrounding me on all sides were statues of dragons carved out of metals and stones that held the exact same unearthly quality as the mountains they were housed in. I estimated that each one was as tall as the vampire’s royal palace. Their eyes, fierce with a ruthless wisdom gained over tens of thousands of years, reduced me to the status of an amoeba.
“They are far larger than this,” Tarasque said with deep disgust. “I suspect their majesty has been reduced for your benefit. He wishes for you to experience his latest lie as much as me.”
“Which one is your father?” I asked. Information was vital if I was to understand Tezcatlipoca’s latest lie.
Tarasque looked around, frowning. “He is not here. I suspect we are in the past.” His frown deepened. “I cannot bear to be in this pathetic form before my forefathers. I will return to my natural shape.”
Without warning, he grabbed me around the middle and began to change. When he was finished, I found myself wrapped in what could only be the end of his tail. He put me down by one of his front legs and I looked up at him.
He was noticeably smaller than before, undoubtedly due to possessing only one of three of his human bodies. Even so, I held little doubt that it would barely take any effort to crush the Empire State Building. He regarded me with not one but two slitted, fiery eyes, and I forced my numb legs to carry me to his claw. I put my hand on him, never breaking his gaze.
You were wrong, I said. I’m seeing you in your natural form, and I have yet to run screaming for the hills.
He snorted, and my awe increased when I saw actual smoke coming from his nostrils.
I am far larger than this. I suspect I am allowed to be only a fraction of my natural size for your benefit.
I know. But remember, I’ve seen your natural size before.
He snorted again. This time, several sparks accompanied the smoke.
I couldn’t help but laugh a bit. You’re that determined not to give me any credit, are you?
WOOOOOSSSHHHH!
The wind that accompanied the sound nearly lifted me off my feet. Tarasque growled, on instant alert, and I couldn’t help but feel touched when he raised his tail above me, ready to shield me if necessary. But he instantly lowered it when he saw the dragon that landed beside us. I could tell that he was considerably older than Tarasque. His scales looked harder and his spikes more lethal. He also possessed a far different aura than Tarasque. It was ruthless and unforgiving. This was the kind of dragon that would make me want to run screaming for the hills.
Father…Tarasque’s hushed, awed voice sounded in my mind.
I stared at the other dragon. He had Tarasque’s red-orange eyes, only his contained not only vast intelligence but a hideous greed and sense of entitlement that reminded me of several psychopathic serial killers I had researched who would do anything for money and power. 
Judging from what Tarasque had told me of him so far, I wasn’t surprised that this was his father. 
I was right. He’s going to show Tarasque a lie about his father as he did mine.
But as that thought flitted through my mind, I found myself biting my lip. A creature like Tarasque’s father seemed like he was capable of anything. But Tezcatlipoca builds his best lies on facts, I reminded myself. I needed to be strong and unwavering for Tarasque as much as myself.
Tarasque’s father approached the statues, but he seemed to be deliberately ignoring them all. He settled himself in the middle, and I shuddered with relief when he closed those horrible eyes of his. Unfortunately, it was only momentary relief. He opened them again just as a swirl of dark smoke began to expand in front of him. Within seconds, the smoke had solidified into an enormous round mirror, whose frame was decorated with ancient Aztec symbols carved into the blackest of obsidian. When the dark, demonic visage of a jaguar manifested inside the glass, Tarasque’s father bowed his head.
“My lord.”

***************

Chapter 15

Little key you face your darkest hour
Hope will curdle and go sour
Bring it back oh nameless wind
The angel's heart is pierced with sin

Mercedes

Tarasque’s head drew back as if he had been struck with a boulder. I wanted to remind him that what we were seeing was a lie constructed by Tezcatlipoca, but as I watched the scene unfold before me, I found that my ability to speak had vanished. 
Raise your head, my loyal servant, Tezcatlipoca instructed. 
Tarasque’s father obeyed, and I saw something else in his eyes that turned my stomach: reverence. Fanatical reverence.
“What does my lord wish of me?”
What I always wish after I fatten your horde, King Etrigar, Tezcatlipoca said. My payment. 
Etrigar’s wings swept down. They lifted up again to reveal two piles of huge black spheres. Each one was as tall as me.
“They will hatch in two weeks’ time,” Etrigar said.
I care far more for their durability than I do for their date of birth, Tezcatlipoca said icily. Will they be strong?
“They were sired by my most talented, ruthless soldiers,” Etrigar assured him. “They will be strong.”
Tezcatlipoca regarded him. Your soldiers will not miss them?
“They already do,” Etrigar replied with a callous snort. “But they will never know. Nor will they ever suspect me.”
So they are not giving you problems?
“They are searching for spawn they will never recover when they could be searching for treasure,” Etrigar growled. “It is…frustrating. Immensely frustrating. But I cannot stop them, else they will suspect.”
And even you are no match for a horde of angry mothers and fathers, Tezcatlipoca chuckled. That is highly unfortunate. 
“What do you mean?” Etrigar asked suspiciously.
My price for the location of the ancient mermaid king’s horde will be twice the amount.
“WHAT!?” Etrigar bellowed.
The smoke in the mirror flared. You dare…?
The dark god’s icy hiss penetrated Etrigar’s rage. He forced himself to relax, but he was still seething. 
“If twice the amount of my soldiers’ eggs goes missing, they will not stop badgering me until they receive the culprit’s head on a pike. They are already presenting suspicions that the sirens could be responsible.”
An alliance you cannot afford to break, Tezcatlipoca finished. Well then, perhaps you should tone that ravenous greed down, King Etrigar. 
Etrigar appeared to be gathering his nerve. “One could say the same for you, my lord. Why would you require such a large amount of dragon eggs?”
Since you asked so politely, the vampires have been a bit…reckless in their experimentations. They have been disciplined, but they will need a fresh batch of healthy dragon hatchlings.
“How long did the last batch last?”
Three months. But I did not discipline them too harshly. They are very close to regaining what my wretched brother stole from them. And when they do, they shall return the favor.
“On my brothers?” 
Don’t take that dull done with me, Your Highness. Serve me well and you will be rewarded beyond your wildest dreams.
Etrigar bowed once more. “I live to serve, my lord.”
That you do.
The mirror vanished in a cloud of dark smoke. Etrigar remained still until the smoke completely dissipated. Then he turned and flew away.
When he was gone, a growling noise of pain and hate that vibrated off the very walls knocked me back to my senses.
“Tarasque…” Desperately, I put my hand on him. Tarasque, calm down. It’s a lie. Do you hear me? He’s lying to you. You can’t give in! Don’t give him what he wants!
His massive head turned sharply to look at me. Stiletto-like teeth bared, fire and smoke emitting from his nostrils, I had little doubt his rage was potent enough to destroy the entire mountain and then some. Underneath those blazing eyes that appeared to have darkened to a livid scarlet, I felt like I was being slowly cooked. But I kept my hand on him, and I never stopped telling him to fight. It seemed to take hours, but he eventually calmed down.
Tarasque?
He stared at me, breathing still coming out in deep growls. Then with a vicious snarl, he turned away. The ground vibrated beneath my feet as he headed for the entrance. I saw him disappear outside. 
When he was gone, I collapsed to my knees and buried my face on them, shielding my head with my hands. So much fear. So overwhelming. It made me want to die. I didn’t want to be here. I wanted to be home with my family and friends. I wanted to forget this all ever happened.
What selfish thoughts, little key. Natural, but selfish. Then again, selfishness is natural in all races, especially yours.
I wanted to grip my head even harder. Instead, I slowly sat up. I made sure my back was straight and my voice was clear when I spoke.
“Then maybe you chose the wrong tool. Maybe I’m not as selfless and giving as you thought I was.”
Now, little key, surely you haven’t forgotten the definition of courage? You will battle on and you will continue to give despite your selfish thoughts. And even your ‘selfish’ thoughts are those of a saint compared to other humans. 
“What do you want, Tezcatlipoca?”
To ensure you are becoming aware of certain revelations.
“You’re a liar. And Tarasque knows you’re a liar, too. He’s angry, but he’s strong. He will fight you.”
Not those revelations, little key. Though they are true, very true. And eventually you will realize it. Until then, I wish to ensure you are becoming aware of other revelations. The revelations of a hero.
I frowned. “What are you talking about?”
You feel lonely right now, little key. Very lonely. Have you ever experienced such loneliness before?
I wanted to block him out, to pretend that he wasn’t getting to me. My mind had other plans. It took me back to that awful memory of Xavier, when his soldiers ripped me away from Shadow. When he was about to rape me, and I thought no one would come for me. I had thought I was going to die. 
Tezcatlipoca saw those thoughts of course, and he chuckled. 
The same kind of loneliness, yes, but this time it is far more potent. Don’t deny it.
I couldn’t. What was worse, I didn’t know why I felt so lonely. Not then and not now. Much as I feared for mine and Shadow’s well-being, I knew I had already doomed Xavier before he captured us. I knew I was succeeding in helping Tarasque battle against Tezcatlipoca’s lies. So why didn’t I feel satisfaction? Why didn’t I feel contentment? Why was loneliness the only thing I felt? I had done what my nature had always driven me to do: help those in need. 
Welcome to the world of the hero, little key, and what a dark, bleak world it is. Instead of praise and gratitude, those who benefit from your help spit in your face, kick you in the stomach, and worse, turn their backs on you. They take what they receive from you, and then they run away. You don’t live on in them. Your memory dissipates. They forget you ever existed.
That’s not to say you aren’t noble, little key. You are incredibly noble and oh so pure. You chose to use your talents to help others despite having all the physical comforts you could ever ask for. You were noble, but you did not choose the life of the hero. You aided those in need from the safety of your room. Those who choose the life of the hero risk all of their personal comforts as well as their lives in order to aid others. And forget about living happily ever after. The hero dies alone, little key.
“The wicked die alone, too,” I said softly.
Only the mortal wicked.
“What about living?” I asked. “Do the wicked live fuller lives than the hero?”
Is that even a question? Don't disappoint me, little key. You know very well that a life based solely on self-preservation will eventually bring self-fulfillment. Look at your dear father. He back-stabbed, bribed, and battled his way through the ranks and look what he received in return: an empire of untold power and wealth. But perhaps that is not the best example. After all, you are not ready to believe the truth. So I will just substitute your father for any of the corporate fat cats who laze about on their thrones and do naught but pull the strings that will enhance the power that has already made them untouchable.
"But they're still alone," I said, keeping my voice calm despite his lies about my father. "They have power and wealth, but they're not happy. What's the point of having power and wealth if you have no one to share with it?"
They are incapable of sharing their power with another due to their inflated egos and selfishness. But they will live long, unpunished, and fulfilled, while the hero's bones turn to dust in a wasteland that bears no name.
I forced my mind to go as blank as possible.
"Are you wicked, Tezcatlipoca?"
He laughed. Little key, I am wicked incarnate.
"So if fulfillment for the wicked is gained solely through the acclamation of personal power," I said slowly, "then how come everything you've done over the past several months, all your manipulations, all your plans, have been for the benefit of the vampires and not yourself?"
They are my children, little key. They are the most superior creation in the universe. They are my power.
"That's all you see them as? An extension of your power?"
Were you expecting something else? He laughed again. Were you expecting me to say that I feel affection for them, that I care for them?
"I heard you Tezcatlipoca," I whispered. The consequences of what I was getting at could be fatal to me, but I was unable to stop. "I remember your reaction when I mentioned Quetzalcoatl to you for the first time. You were hateful, vengeful…but you were also betrayed. Upset."
Little key, his hiss cut into my mind like a laser, I will make this suggestion to you for the last time: do not speak of that you don't understand.
"You are evil," I continued. "You've done great evil to everyone, including the vampires. You wanted ten thousand as a sacrifice so they could remind you how much they revere you. And I don't even know what role you played in the jihad—"
THAT WAS MY PRETENTIOUS, SELF-RIGHTEOUS BROTHER! Tezcatlipoca shrieked. EVERYTHING MY CHILDREN HAVE EVER SUFFERED IS HIS—FAULT! EVER SINCE I CREATED THEM HE HAS MADE IT HIS MISSION TO TORTURE ME THROUGH THEM! HE CURSED THEM! HE CORRUPTED THEM! HE POISONED SO MANY OF THEM AGAINST ME! ALL BECAUSE HE COULDN'T STAND IT THAT I SIRED A RACE MORE SUPERIOR THAN ANYTHING HE EVER CREATED! HE WANTED THE VAMPIRES FOR HIMSELF! HE WANTED TO RIP AWAY WHAT HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE MINE!!!!!
"And that's why you twisted the Evanescence," I said in a hushed voice. "You wanted him to know what it felt like to lose his children. You wanted him to know what it felt like to be utterly alone.
"You wanted him to know your pain."
Just as the last word escaped my lips, its very meaning exploded in my body and mind.

***

Tarasque 

I was relieved that Mercedes did not follow me. Perhaps I had frightened her into leaving me be. I did not care. I just wished to be alone. To think. To brood. To release my hatred on the reality Necoc Yaotl created since I could not release it on him. Logic and reason barely held me together. If I vented on the mountains, I would only amuse him. But those lies, those hideous lies…
Based on facts you cannot deny. Many eggs sired and mothered by Father's soldiers had vanished during that time. The eggs were never recovered and no culprit had ever been caught. And Father had unnatural luck in discovering the location of various treasures, including one once possessed by an ancient mermaid king.
Right after thirty soldiers lost over one-hundred eggs.
Fire churned in my belly. Billows of smoke streamed from my nostrils. My muscles still contained a vast amount of power. I could do untold damage to these mountains, this lie. I growled and flared my wings. But before I could take flight, a scream tore through the entire cave. 
Mercedes.
I ran for her, all the while keeping my eyes peeled so I wouldn't crush her frail body. I found her in the exact same spot I had left her. But she was not standing. She was writhing on the floor, screaming in agony. 
I touched her with the tip of my tail, attempting to form a mental link. But all I received was pain. Pain I could not take away. Pain I could not even ease. But I knew the origin of her pain.
Stop it! I bellowed. Stop it, you sadistic monster, STOP!
To my great shock, he did, but he did not speak to me. I was not ungrateful. Below me, Mercedes had stopped screaming, but she made no move to get up. She just lay there, gasping and broken. 
Without even thinking, I changed into my human form and knelt beside her. I lifted her upper body in my arms so she could breathe more easily. Knowing I could do nothing else to help her, I simply waited. Fortunately, the evil god hadn't done permanent damage. After several minutes, she blinked rapidly, breathing deep but controlled, and looked up at me.
"Tarasque?" she rasped.
"Are you all right?"
She blinked again, this time slowly, took a deep breath and nodded. "Yeah. Yeah."
"What did he do?" I demanded.
She looked down, biting her lip. Then in a very quiet voice, she told me everything. When she was finished, she rubbed her forehead wearily.
"It was stupid to provoke him like that. But I never expected…" She trailed off.
"I do remember one particular encounter when he informed me of what his brother had done to his children," I said. "He was…enraged. More than enraged. And I could detect no small amount of pain beneath all of that anger."
She shook her head, apparently still struggling to comprehend what she had just discovered. "I want to tell myself that he was just acting, that it's all just another game. But I can't. He'll never win father of the year, of course, but I think he feels love and protectiveness for the vampires and can't stand the thought of them being stolen from him."
"If you feel sympathy for that demon, I'll kill you here and now," I said harshly.
She looked at me, cool and unafraid. "I know what he is, Tarasque. He is the embodiment of evil, and we need to stop him no matter what. If we don't, he will destroy everything we love without a shred of remorse."
I relaxed. "That he will."
She put a hand on my arm. "Are you okay, Tarasque?"
My lips parted, but I could not speak. I had briefly forgotten my own rage. Now it was back.
"He is a liar," I hissed. 
"Yes, he is. But can you tell me what facts he used to strengthen his lies?" I told her. When I was finished, I saw something in those vivid blue eyes. Something that angered me even further.
"You believe he could be telling that truth," I growled. "That my father gave his soldiers' children to those blood drinking abominations to experiment on in exchange for treasure. That he bargained with that demon during his time as king."
"I want to," she admitted. "Just like you told me Tezcatlipoca's story about my father was too coincidental in order to be false. But I'm not going to. I'm not going to give in. Nothing he shows us matters, Tarasque. It's all a lie. All of it."
Before I could voice my agreement, reality shifted, this time in a very violent manner. I was in my true body, but I could not move it. I was utterly helpless and in a terrible, familiar agony.
It is not a lie, king of the dragons, Necoc Yaotl rumbled in my mind while his dark creatures consumed my scales. Your father made a bargain with me. He sold out innocent hatchlings for his own gain. Would you like me to show you what the vampires did to those poor, helpless children?
Images began flashing in my mind.
A baby dragon breaking through its eggshell, overcoming one of the greatest challenges of its entire life. It is a female hatchling. Her spines are soft and so are her scales. She blinks in confusion when she sees small alien forms with feral visages and glowing blue eyes instead of the face of her father. Her still damp wings twitch feebly when she is attacked. Vampires all around dig into her flesh with their fangs and claws. They laugh at her screams, they eat her scales, they drink her hot blood. After a while they all back away. The hatchling is not dead, but she is gravely wounded and helpless. She lies on the ground, broken, bleeding, and crying. Her wings are in shreds and her scales are all gone. The vampires smear their faces and hair with her blood. They chant. They dance. And all the while their eyes are closed as if willing something within them to change…
I screamed. From the horror, and from the Evanescence who were now tearing into my scaleless flesh.

***

Mercedes

I barely had time to register the fact that Tezcatlipoca had brought us back to reality when Tarasque screamed above me. The sound knocked me off my feet. My body automatically curled itself into a fetal position, hands clasped over my ears.
There is a price for everything, little key. Especially knowledge.
Whimpering, shaking uncontrollably, I uncurled my body somewhat and took my hands away from my ears. Each of my palms was smeared with blood. I didn't dare look up, but the quiet told me I wasn't with Tarasque anymore.
Well, knowledge and presumptuousness, Tezcatlipoca amended. It took me a moment to realize he was whispering. Had he shouted or even used his normal voice, my scorched mind would have blacked out completely. How unfortunate for you that you must pay for both all at once. 
The cruelty in his tone made me want to curl up again, to pretend that this wasn't happening, that this wasn't real.
Your ancestors performed many rituals for me. The most complex one involved a single young man. Can a history lover like you fill in the blanks?
I froze, petrified. I knew that ritual. The young man served as an avatar for Tezcatlipoca. For a year he lived like a god, wedding four young women, eating the best foods, wearing the best clothes and jewelry, and eight servants waiting on him hand and foot. His last week was spent singing, feasting, and dancing. Then on his last day he was literally hacked to bits and cannibalized. 
Ah. You do know. Excellent. I suppose I will be breaking tradition here somewhat. You are after all, a young woman, not a young man. And you do not represent me in the slightest.
Hissing noises began to erupt all around me.
But you did live like a god for more than a year, even if you did not indulge in every comfort that was at your disposal. 
The hissing grew louder. 
So I would not be defiling tradition completely. 
Not if I did justice on the final act.
Too numb with terror to speak much less beg, I simply laid still. Then the Evanescence began to bite. They tore at every part of me, face, arms, legs. My own blood blinded me. I had never known such pain. But whether the pain or the terror would drive me mad first remained to be seen. 
At least a century had passed when they finally stopped. And at least a millennia before I could think about something other than the pain. Rough tongues were lapping at my wounds, but my throat was long paralyzed. 
I would greatly advise against future presumptuousness, little key. I will not be so merciful next time. 
I didn't feel the Evanescence carry me back to the chambers where Tarasque was being held. Oblivion was what I wanted, and when my wish was finally granted I did everything I could to stay in it. But some powerful force seized my mind and ruthlessly yanked me back to a cold, cruel world.
Even though it felt like I had just been dragged through every hell imaginable, I somehow found the strength to crush that last thought. The world was not cruel. It was not wicked. It was not unfair. People were wicked. People were cruel. People were unfair. I could not blame the world. Could not give in. Could not…
Shallow breathing to my left. No hissing, which made me want to weep with relief. I forced myself on my side and saw Tarasque in his human form, sprawled on his back. He didn't appear injured, but his breathing was weak. Incredibly weak. I tried to say his name. No sound came out. Maybe I was now a mute, my vocal cords permanently scarred from all that screaming. When I finally made it to my hands and knees, I nearly collapsed again when I saw my forearms. Scar tissue knotted from my knuckles all the way up to my elbows. I also noticed that the left side of my face felt like it was encased in plastic.
Ignore it. Ignore it. Get to Tarasque. Get to Tarasque. 
I barely made it to his side. Placing one of my ruined hands on his chest, I tried to say his name but no sound came out. On the fifth attempt my voice came out somewhat clear.
"Tarasque?" I whispered. "Tarasque?"
He blinked, and the clouds in his emerald eyes cleared. They focused on me.
"Mercedes," he mouthed. Like me before, he made no sound.
I touched his face. "Are you all right?"
His lips parted.
"…scales…"
"What?" I moved closer.
"Scales," he repeated, voice thin and raspy. "The dragon's scales are gone. Mine. My people. He took our scales."
I wanted to tell him that it would be all right. That he would remain a dragon so long as he believed he was one. That Tezcatlipoca couldn't take his identity.
"I'm sorry." I gathered him in my arms. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."
He accepted my embrace, crushing me against him. I held him close as we both wept. The tears that poured down my face were for myself, Tarasque, the dragons, and the knowledge that such evil existed. I thought I knew evil from the stories of the abused women, the children dying from hunger-ridden diseases, Shadow's torture, feeling Xavier's malice and intent press against my soul. Nothing could have prepared me for this. So much pain. So much terror. So much despair. What was the point of fighting if there was no way to win?
There will always be evil, dear angel.
My sobbing came to an abrupt halt. That wasn't Tezcatlipoca's voice. I had never heard it before in my life.
"Who…?" I whispered, but my voice died not from the scars this time, but by the appearance of a glistening object at my side. 
Just as there will always be good.
My ravaged fingers reached out and gingerly lifted the object to eye-level. It was a jade-green feather.
You cannot have one without the other.
A jade-green scaled feather.
Remember that. 

***

Brandon

The flower I delicately held between my index finger and thumb was dying. It would have lasted longer had I put it in water, but watching it slowly shrivel up gave me a hollow sense of satisfaction. Twirling the fragile stem, I examined the withered petals. They were white splashed with red. Or red splashed with white. However you wanted to look at it. Three days in my possession without any nutrients, the white now looked sickly yellow and the red like poisoned blood. It would turn black eventually. That was what I was waiting for.
"I'm only one person, love. I can't keep both sides of the bed warm for—" Morgan stopped. "What are you doing?"
Hastily I tossed the flower away. "Nothing. I—"
"Was that a conquer flower?"
"Morgan—"
"Did you get that from the ceremony last week?" 
Her voice was rising. I didn't blame her. Despite Mercedes' deal with the royal family, I had all but risked my life sneaking around to see that ceremony. It had been reserved strictly for the elites. Outcasts were welcome as well if they had a death wish. 
Morgan took my silence for an affirmative. She bared her fangs and snarled, "How could you be so stupid? Or are you emulating your precious friend Shadow now!?"
Now I was angry. Shadow had snuck around his fair share of elite ceremonies. To his credit, he had only been caught twice, but he paid dearly for it. And his motivation had strictly been self-absorbed provocation. Not like me. I lurched to my feet and marched right up to Morgan.
"I'm trying," I hissed, "to do something more useful than sit around on my backside all day! Say what you will about Shadow's flaws, but he's always been a man of action. He never waits for things to happen. He finds ways to make them happen all the more quickly. Andre's portal is the only way we can rescue Shadow and Mercedes, but if there's any way I can find information, anything I can do to help, by the brothers I'll do it."
"Brandon…" Morgan's expression was now soft, but her tone was cautious. "You know they already have the girl—"
"Thanks for the reminder," I spat, but instantly regretted my words when Morgan flinched. I embraced her and pressed our foreheads together. "I'm sorry, my love. Nothing is your fault."
"Damn right," Morgan said, but she was smiling. "Just as nothing's your fault too. You're doing everything you can."
Yes, and while I was doing everything I could, Mercedes was, according to King Yuan, fulfilling her role as a blessed one by assisting the vampires in punishing the dragon race. That was the message he broadcasted weeks ago. Since it was a public broadcast, privy to the ears of both elites and Harijans, I knew it was the heavily censored version. I had no idea what they were really doing to her or what they were forcing her to do. 
"Hey." Morgan whispered. "Come on. Let's sit down."
She guided me toward the sofa. I sat down beside her and did my best not to focus on how useless it made me feel. Morgan laid her head on my shoulder.
"Tell me a story."
I smiled, knowing full well where this was leading. But I decided to tease her a bit.
"Well, there are so many stories to choose from. Ah. Perhaps the one where a princess's beautiful long hair becomes her only salvation—"
She punched my arm. "That's for half-minded human children." Her eyes narrowed. "You know the one I want to hear."
I did know what she wanted to hear. Grasping her hand, I began.
"Once there was a very old man who was destined to walk among the living forever. Many may covet such a gift, but he did not. For he was not a happy man. His home was ruled by heartless, arrogant individuals who treating him and those he cared about with terrible cruelty. He had long resigned himself to his wretched life and any chance at true happiness. One night, he decided to take a walk under the stars in the mortal world, for their beauty had always captivated him, and his home was not blessed with such a sight. During his walk, he soon discovered he had not taken an isolated path. Fast as he was, he barely had time to hide as a graceful form ran past him. It was a girl, and fast as she was, the old man caught sight of her face and was helpless as his breath was stolen by her beauty."
Morgan's fingers curled around mine.
"One of the consequences of the old man's immortality was that the only sustenance that could give him strength was the blood of his fellow man. His base instincts urged him to run after the girl, rip her throat open and feast upon her. But he had taken innocent life many times before, and despised the feeling. However, he found himself wanting to follow her for reasons even he could not explain. Was it her beauty? Was it the grace in which she ran? Was it the determined fire that blazed in her eyes? He did not know. But he followed her all the way to an isolated cabin at the edge of the woods. He watched her through the window and saw that she was cooking supper for a handsome young man dressed in a battered Confederate uniform. He was smiling at her as they talked, but the old man found himself wanting to tear him limb from limb. There was something he truly did not like about the young man's smile. After the two finished supper, the old man's suspicions were proven correct. The young man attempted to grope the girl and she made it clear that she was not interested in submitting to his demands. Anger crossed the young man's features, and he made to take her by force. But quicker than the eye could follow, she unsheathed a knife hidden in her dress and stabbed him through the heart. He fell dead to the floor, and the girl wasted no time in rummaging through his clothing and satchel. After taking what little valuables he possessed, she dragged the body into the woods. 
"The old man followed and watched as she burned the corpse. The firelight played across her lovely face and enhanced the ruthless satisfaction on it. The old man knew this was not the first time she had done this, and in his fascination he continued to watch her. Two sometimes three times a week, a deserter would take the road beside her cabin and knock on her door to request food and a place to rest for the night. Some were fiends who tried to take her by force. Others were simply men who wished nothing more than to go home. It did not matter. They all met the same fate. While the old man was repulsed by the loss of innocent life, he knew he had no right to judge the girl. In all his weeks of watching her, he could sense several emotions within her that were terribly familiar: loneliness, sadness, and anger. She too was trapped in her life and did what she had to do to survive. She was a kindred spirit and the old man wished nothing more than to talk to her, to earn her friendship and perhaps more. But he feared the consequences. In order to earn her trust he would have to show her what he truly was, which could cause him to lose her forever. But merely watching her was now causing him great pain. He had to know her. What was he to do?"
I tightened my hold on Morgan's hand.
"It was not long before his hand was forced. Several Confederate soldiers heard rumors about an area in the forest where their friends were to have said to never come back from. Armed with torches and guns, they stormed the girl's cottage. Her façade of innocence was impeccable and would have spared her life. However, one of the soldiers discovered a necklace that belonged to the wife of his missing friend. The girl was severely beaten and burned by the enraged mob and the old man could only helplessly watch for another consequence of his gifts was forbidden access to a mortal's home unless he was invited inside by the owner. But some form of fortune smiled on them both that night for the girl was dragged outside before the final blow could be delivered. The old man made short work of the mob before rushing to the girl's side. The old man could sense that she had only moments left. He fed her his blood, and when her injuries healed, she looked directly into the face of the old man for the first time. She saw his deceptively youthful appearance, his pale, ruthless eyes, her blood and the blood of her would-be murderers dripping from his long fangs. Though the old man assured her that she had nothing to fear, that she was safe, he expected her to scream and attempt to run away from him. Instead, in a very soft whisper, she asked him who he was. Not what he was. Who he was."
My eyes were starting to feel quite warm. I blinked in attempt to rid myself of it.
"The old man told her his name and what he was. He confessed that he had been watching her for some time, but he still did not know her name. When she told him with only the slightest hesitation, it was as if a terrible weight had suddenly lifted off the old man's heart. He wanted to talk to her, to get to know her. But as soon as she regained her strength, she insisted that she had to run as far from the forest as she could in fear of further vengeance from more soldiers. But when she saw that her cabin was being consumed by flames, she broke down in rage and despair. The old man was then informed quite a bit about her and her past. Her family disowned her for bearing a child out of wedlock. Left with nothing but the clothes on her back, she had no choice but to work in a brothel where the main customers were soldiers and veterans. Her experiences birthed a burning hatred for soldiers, and when she had gathered enough wages, she moved into an abandoned cottage on the edge of a forest where Confederate deserters were said to wander. Robbing and killing them gave her a sense of purpose and power. Now that she had been exposed and nearly died, she would have to move to a town where no one knew her face and work in another brothel. 
"The old man listened to her tale with growing anger and indignation. This intelligent, beautiful girl did not deserve such a life. He wanted to give her a better one, but he knew he could not. He told her of the cruelties and unfairness he was forced to live with. But a new fire had kindled in the girl's eyes. She told him that she did not care what she would have to face. 'Take me with you,' she demanded. 'Take me with you or I shall die a woman, not a soldier's whore!' 
"The old man told her he could not bring her with him now due to his low status. He promised that he would consult with his people and return for her once they gave their answer. He begged her not to end her life; that he would return for her no matter what. He was stunned but relieved when she agreed. He immediately went back to his people and told them of the girl's strength, her resolve, her ruthlessness. They were impressed but they also saw how much the girl meant to the old man. For their own amusement, they gave a trial of survival to both the old man and the girl. If he could survive for five years as the personal slave of one of the elites, and if she could survive for five years in a soldier's brothel, she would be welcomed with open arms. 
"The old man told her of the ultimatum, and that if she would rather die than accept it he would respect her wishes though the thought of losing her clawed at his heart. The girl said yes, and the old man could not pretend he did not know she desired his power above all else. But he hoped that he could eventually mean more to her and his wish was granted. As the years passed, as they both endured terrible torment and degradation, they came to know one another. Respect one another. Care for one another. The old man was hopelessly in love, and an eternity with this woman was worth any price. Shortly after her twenty-sixth birthday, she put ultimate trust in the old man when she allowed him to give her the gifts and curses he possessed, and they were together at last. They were not safe. They did not live happily ever after. But they were not without happiness. And they would never be without each other. The end."
Morgan sighed and nuzzled my shoulder with her cheek. "I love that story."
"It's quite incomplete," I pointed out. My hand stroked her arm. "You are far better at telling the side of the girl than I am."
"Another time," Morgan said. She kissed me hard. I wrapped my arms around her. "But I've got to say, you're doing a much better job at telling the side of the old man."
"Am I?" I whispered against her jaw.
"Mmm-hmm." She kissed my neck. "You used to end it by saying that the old man hoped he never gave his beloved reason to regret her new gifts and curses, or an eternity with him."
"And I stopped when you threatened to beat me within an inch of my life I ever ended it that way again," I said dryly.
"You would deserve it. An ending like that is a disgrace to the old man and the girl after everything they went through together. And what their lives were like before each other."
Tenderly, I cupped her chin. "But it's natural for the old man to fear such a thing. In real life, I'm afraid fear like that never dies in anyone, mortal or immortal."
"Then the old man will remain an old fool forever," Morgan said bluntly, but then she smiled. "It's a good thing the girl loves him so."
My throat tightened, and I kissed her desperately. "You really are much better at telling the girl's side than I am. I want to hear it again soon."
"On one condition."
"Anything."
"Promise me that you'll include me in your next crazy plan to gather information."
"Morgan—"
"I'll even give you a bonus by telling you your favorite part of the girl's side." She ran her hand down my cheek and gazed into my eyes. "The girl had long forgotten what it was like to have a heart. And that's what the old man eventually became. He may want to keep her safe, but that's one of the consequences he will have to live with forever if he wants to be with her."

***

Blackhole

Powerful as my father was, he possessed limits. They were few and based mostly on loopholes, but I did not hesitate to take advantage of a particular one. When he saw something, he saw everything of said something, but he was not omnipotent enough to be in every place at once. I was not the object of his attention at the moment, meaning whatever activity I chose to indulge in right now would be hidden from him. And I was desperate to see Mercedes.
Shadow's previous words stung more than I could say, but he would never understand. Nor would Mercedes. There was no escape from Father for me. For any of us. They had to accept that if they possessed even a shred of desire to survive. My attempts to convince them were not as great as they should have been, but I could not deny that no amount of explaining or begging would persuade them. They were fighters. They would die rather than give in. But even in death, they would not be safe from Father. He would get what he wanted from them one way or the other.
But what does he really want from them? What is his ultimate goal for them?
You are his servant. It is not your place to know.
I shuddered and blocked the questions from my mind. The bond always tormented me when I contemplated various answers. And if Father ever knew I was privy to such knowledge he would destroy me before I could even think of warning Shadow or Mercedes.
Invisible, I crept inside the cave where Mercedes and the dragon king dwelled. They were clinging to one another, weeping. My heart clenched at Mercedes' tears and…and were those scars on her face and arms?
Father, what have you done…?
What he always does. You are his faithful servant. You will not question. You will only serve.
Agonizing as it was to see her pain, a part of me was grateful for it along with the sight of the dragon king in her arms. He was even more undeserving of her compassion than I was, but the fact that she would give it to him after all he had done was proof enough that she was still strong. That she was still Mercedes Strand.
Without warning, she lifted her head and looked around as if hearing a faraway voice. Panic surged through me? Was it Father? 
No, I realized when I saw that green, scaled feather. No, it wasn't Father.
I ran. I fled to the farthest dimension I could find. Father could still find me within seconds but in my terror, I didn't care. My mind now contained knowledge that I was not supposed to possess. There was no way he could have known I was watching else he never would have given Mercedes…
His intention had been undoubtedly to give Mercedes the hope she needed to continue. But all Father had to do was look inside my mind and he would gleefully replace that hope with the darkest of despair.
It was him. He is out there. He is going to come back. Does Father know?
He knows, my son.
My legs grew rigid. The slightest wind would have knocked me over.
You…you…you cannot speak to me…
Please listen carefully. I do not have much time. 
Stop. You cannot speak to me!
SILENCE! MY BROTHER WILL TURN HIS EYES ON YOU IN MINUTES. IF YOU VALUE THE SANITY OF MERCEDES STRAND, YOU WILL LISTEN TO ME!
I listened. I had no choice.
In your silence, in your idleness, you have done a very grave thing, my son. You have allowed people you cherish above all else to suffer. But there is still time to redeem yourself. You must fight this hold my brother has on you.
What will he do to her? I demanded. I must know. What will he do to her!?
You must fight the bond, he continued, ignoring my question. You know as well as I that there are places even he cannot go. Exploit that weakness.
I don't know how! I screamed. He can see every corner of my mind! I cannot hide from—!
He laid a finger upon my mental tongue. That finger then moved to rest on one of the many doors inside my mind. At his command, it opened.
Follow me within.
I did. The room was cramped even for a creature of my size. The only light source was the faint glow of a white rose right in the middle. I went up to it. Its physical beauty did not draw me in. Rather it was the feeling it gave me. The feeling of pure, untainted love wrapping me in a gentle embrace, singing notes of clear laughter, smiling with the kindness and purity of an angel. 
I stared at the petals, blindingly white, smooth, and strong. Save for one. This petal was frail and upon peering closer I saw thin veins the color of poisoned rain water.
You can hide from him. You merely have to desire it with all your heart and soul.
He spoke no more after that. I was left alone with the white rose. No, not completely alone. I could hear the bond whispering to me. But these whispers were much fainter than they usually were. In fact, I thought if I immersed myself in the feelings the rose gave me I might have been able to silence the bond for a few precious moments.
Dear child. Where have you run off to?
I could see Father. I could feel him in my mind. But I could also see the locked door of the room I was in. I could feel the presence of the white rose.
Where did you run off to, child?
His voice was pleasantly curious. I made sure mine was as clear as possible.
I went to see the key.
And?
She is filled with despair, as is the dragon king.
Long silence.
Then all is going according to plan. You will continue to watch her while I am otherwise occupied, child. Can I expect an honest report every time?
The light of the white rose was warm against my flesh.
Yes, Father, you can.
He left my mind. I did not leave the white rose.

***

Eulathrin

Ambivalence was not a favorable emotion to a siren. The pride of our people, the virtue of our values were instilled inside of us when we were hatchlings. They never wavered. They remained firm and strong within our spirits until the day we died. I was no different.
Or so I told myself.
"Ambassador?"
I did not turn around. My eyes continued to gaze at the darkening sky as they had for the past hour.
"You do not need to address me by that title anymore, Actaeon," I said. "I was ambassador to the dragon king. And we both know what fate shall befall him and his people."
Actaeon, a young novice intelligence agent, was silent for a moment.
"My sister was so excited when the queen managed to trade beginning sky water spells from King Tarasque six months ago. Her dream was to bring the trees back to the city. She hated that we shunned them long ago. She wanted to seed a forest on the border of the city. Once she mastered sky water spells, she would be able to keep them nourished and strong for decades. Future generations would grow up among the beauty of nature that past generations have long been deprived of by our own foolish choices."
"She will have to find another dream then," I snapped. "We are safe from Smoking Mirror. Ask her if she would rather have her people destroyed instead."
Actaeon did not reply. I heard a faint rustle as he bowed low and then left.
When he was gone, a low hiss escaped between my teeth. My outburst had done nothing to quell my ambivalence. No matter how desperately I tried to convince myself that the choices we made had been out of our wings from the start, peace continued to elude me. I glanced once more at the shadows darkening the unsurpassed golden beauty of the great siren city, hissed again, and proceeded back inside. I had barely taken five steps when something collided against my back, knocking me down on my stomach. An ice cold hand wrapped around my neck, pinning my cheek against the floor. I would have shrieked and attempted to thrash, but sound and movement abandoned me when I felt an even colder, much sharper sensation against my right wing.
"Make any noise and you will never fly again."
Vampire.
Abomination.
I knew he had eluded capture for days, and that there was a strong possibility he would target me. What I did not know was how in the name of the Morning Star he had managed to slip by the magical wards guarding my home.
Terror, confusion, and revulsion made me shudder when I felt his icy breath against my ear.
"I thought I would stake myself before saying this to a siren." A low hiss. "But you and I need to have a little chat."

###




About the Author

Have been stuck in Florida for as long as I can remember, and much as I'd love to see snow sometime in the future I'm happy as can be. I'm a Liberal and Progressive, but also well aware that corruption is always inevitable in politics which explains my strong Machiavellian streak. Since I discovered my passions will always lie in the arts a few years back, I've been teaching myself how to draw and am currently training to be a concert pianist and composer. I also love to transform Barbie dolls into action figures of my favorite fictional characters.

I've always loved to write, but Fanfiction helped me realize my dream career. A bit about my books; The Evanescence Chronicles is a satirical joke (mostly revolving around irony) on modern day paranormal romance. Like Wax Under Flame is a short story that I'm currently developing into a series of novels called Kinesis. The first one is tentatively scheduled to be released in the spring of 2013. A brief warning to all: Though I include these elements with a purpose Like Wax Under Flame is my most violent, dysfunctional, perverse story yet. Even more so than my fan fiction.

My favorite author will always be Matthew Stover, but like the common geek I'm a huge fan of Tolkien, Rowling, George R.R. Martin, and Orson Scott Card. My favorite show is The Vampire Diaries (something I never expected, really, REALLY hoping they never jump the shark), and my favorite movie is a balance between Crash(2004) and The Dark Knight.

My cat is lord and master of the universe.

Contact

Facebook

Twitter

Wordpress

Fanfiction

Goodreads

