Percy's Progress
The Cult of Following
Book Three
Barbara Jaques



Editor: Moz Walls
Copy Editor: Lydia Davis
Cover: Ed Knox
Formatting: Elizabeth Freeman



First edition published March 2018
Copyright © 2018 Barbara Jaques

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
1. LEAP OF FAITH
2. JOYANN TAN
3. OVEN READY
4. HESTER
5. TREE TOP WALK
6. PRAISE PERCY
7. AND THE WORLD WAS GLUTEN
8. CONCENTRATE
9. BALDY
10. LITTLE SINGAPORE
11. ROGUE
12. THE DAYS IN BETWEEN
13. DAVINA
14. WALKING TO THE LIGHT
15. THE WAKE OF DEATH IN THE MIDST OF LIFE
16. EXPATATION
17. PHRIKE OF NATURE
18. RESTRUCTURING AND WELLIES
19. LUCKY PLAZA
20. DAVINA
21. THE FISHMONGER CLOSES ON MONDAYS
22. HOT OFF THE PERSONAL PRINTER
23. JOYANN
24. FULL CIRCLE IN THE BOTANIC GARDENS
25. PERCY
26. HOLLANDSE CLUB
27. FINAL DOCTRINE
28. POOL OF WONDERS
29. PERCY
30. THE LAST TESTAMENT
31. IMMACULATELY CONCEIVED
32. A LIFE LESS SHITTY

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

SPECIAL THANKS
1. LEAP OF FAITH
Norm rested a hand on his wife's plump belly. 
'Do you think it will show?' she asked.
Norm thought she sounded sad. The question was straightforward, but equally it brought with it complication. He did not know what answer she required of him. To say yes may suggest the already large Verity might grow to a size that did not sit comfortably with her. To say no could make her feel as if she were going to miss out on the visible baby bump that made other people smile. She was not the sort of fat that strangers ever mistook for pregnant; she was altogether too big. Perhaps now she wished for a differently shaped body.
'I don't know,' he said, honestly.
Verity was lying on a sun lounger, wrapped in her favourite sarong; turquoise silk, a gift from Norm. Beneath, she wore a sheer black swimming costume. With her dark glasses and thick dark hair, Norm thought she looked like a film star.
She laid a hand over his. 'I would have lost weight had I known I was going to get pregnant. At least, I think I would have.' Her soft Welsh accent, usually touched with wryness, sounded wistful.
'The doctor thinks you might lose weight anyway. It happens sometimes. For bigger people.'
'It's never bothered me before, not really. I am what I am.'
'And nor should it now. You are beautiful and always have been beautiful. Some people never have that, not beauty through youth or beauty through pregnancy. They miss out entirely, utterly grim from start to finish.' He smiled, hoping he was cheering her up. He was not.
'That's cruel, Norman Sullivan. Everyone has beauty somewhere inside of them.' Verity withdrew her hand.
'I wasn't talking about what's inside,' he corrected. 'But you are right. We think too much about what people look like.'
'Right. I see. So you think I look totally gross?'
'I really didn't say that. And to be fair, you didn't ask me how you looked. You asked me if I thought the bump would show.'
'You didn't need to say it. I know exactly what you meant.'
Thinking it best to walk away, Norm left his wife lying on her sun lounger and made for the safety of the pool. As he strolled, he looked down to admire his new swimming trunks. He was pleased with the fit; the way the stretchy red fabric firmly cupped his vital parts. He had tried wearing surf shorts, but stopped after catching a glimpse of himself in a window, his first thought to pass judgement on the old man pretending to be a boy, his second recognising the impostor as himself. Later, Verity reprimanded him for being self-conscious and announced with her usual no-nonsense enthusiasm that the shorts had looked amazing. She claimed his white hair and deep tan made him seem like a proper old school surfer, the sort that might be found on a remote beach somewhere hot and shark infested. He did not believe her elaborations for one moment.
Norm took hold of the pool ladder; he didn't feel like diving, more like sliding in and floating about for a while. As he lowered himself into the deep cooling water, the polished metal was hot in his hands. Four days straight had seen no rain, only clear skies and soaring temperatures.
'Sorry,' Verity called out. 'I didn't mean to snap.'
'It's probably your hormones,' he replied, before hoofing a hearty kick into his slack brain. He pushed off into the water, waiting for the attack; he was learning that hormones were not a thing to mention unless someone else mentioned them first.
'You're probably right,' his wife agreed, unexpectedly. 'But I can't stand feeling this weird. I'm not sure it's even normal. I don't know anyone else who says they felt quite this peculiar in the first trimester. My sister certainly didn't. She says she felt fine all the way through. I don't think it is my hormones, in any case. It feels more like I can't resolve something. Do you know what I mean, Norm? That nagging feeling, like when you've come from a dream you really want to remember but it sits just out of reach. It's annoying, is what it is.'
Norm said nothing and waited, treading water.
'There is one thing it could be,' she continued. 'Can I ask you something? Something delicate.'
'Always. Ask away.' He watched as she looked about, making sure they were alone. The condo was emptied of children. Most were at school and those too young to go were playing games and lurking elsewhere. The very first blindingly hot day had filled the sun-drenched pool with joyful screams, but now most parents seemed to prefer keeping their delicate-skinned offspring confined to shadier spots.
'Does it bother you, Norm? I mean, honestly?'
'Does what bother me?'
'You know.'
'What?' For a moment, he could not think what she meant. Then he understood, 'No. It doesn't. Not how you think, anyway.'
'So how does it bother you, then?'
'I can't help but wish it was mine, even though I know it could never be that way. That's all.'
The look she gave him was long; an expression filled with regret. 'I am very sorry about that, my love. I wish it could have been you. But the fact is, you will be our baby's father in the only way that matters. And I know for a fact that you'll be bloody brilliant.' She sighed. 'What I'd give for an ice-cold prosecco.'
'Would one hurt?'
'Probably not, but I won't. Easier to have none at all. No more wine, no more coffee or tea. None. Not until the baby is born.'
'The moment I give up my faith you start following it.' 
'What?'
'Coffee or tea.' Norm smiled, his white teeth gleaming in the sunshine. Though also a lapsed member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Verity had never been devout in the way Norm was, before he'd met Percy Field.
'Might as well cut it all out. I haven't gone all Mormon on you, Norm. I just don't want the baby filled with unnecessary chemicals, that's all. I am going to eat healthily, drink plenty of water and take some exercise. You'll see. I'll be a model expectant mum.' She pushed her glasses up onto her head, 'It's too warm for me. I might have to go inside. Will you be okay out here on your own?'
'I'll be fine. I'm going out soon anyway. You're blooming, you know. You look lovely.'
'Thank you. And so do you, though I think I preferred your other swim shorts. They were a bit more modern, more you, I suppose, though there is plenty of you visible in those, I noticed,' she chuckled. 'I'm starving. I hope we've something to eat in that fridge. She's been so lax lately.'
Norm rolled onto his back and closed his eyes, drifting slowly. He was not thinking about whether their maid had stocked the fridge, though she was becoming lazy. Instead, he thought about the hours ahead at Hester's, wondering whom exactly would be there. The space she had converted into a temple room, where believers in Percy Field as Prophet of God could freely worship, was a place Norm loved to be. White from floor to ceiling, sparsely furnished, a large portrait of Percy on the wall, it was somewhere to be at peace with oneself. It was in this room Norm could appreciate the magnitude of what was happening. He and Verity were bringing a tiny new life into the world, but not only did this deliver them a child of their own, longed for by Norm, but the flesh and blood of a prophet.
*
Percy Field could not believe his luck. So far, the pool had been entirely his all day, deserted by the tiny monsters that often ruled the hours between school pick-up and drop-off. He'd taken a swim and slept on a lounger, wandered home to collect food to eat back by the pool, enjoyed four bottles of Tiger beer, had another long swim, and was still by himself. No one had stolen the lounger, no child had kicked him in the balls, and best of all, no one had attempted to make conversation. The biggest mistake most new expats made when they saw him sitting alone was to think Percy was like them, keen to make conversation with anyone and everyone, simply because not doing so might mean never making a single friend. Percy had come to realise that acting familiar with absolute strangers was a regular method for expats trying to connect. But Percy rarely acted familiar with anyone, not even many of those he'd known for a lifetime. Acting was not something the introverted Percy ever thought of. At least, he rarely thought of it.
He was lying back feeling too hot, weighing up whether to fetch a bagful of cold beer or just take a cooling swim, when Joyann Tan came into view. His heart gave the tiniest flip at the sight of her.
'Hey, stranger!' he shouted. 'Over here.' 
She turned and waved. Percy got up and hurried over to meet her. It had been some time since he had seen Joyann and he assumed that she was looking for him, so when she kept walking and called back to say she would catch him later, he was shocked. She always made time for him, a pleasing trait and one that wasn't plainly a Singaporean thing, a woman thing, or a Joyann thing. Whatever it was, he liked it.
'Hold on a minute. Why are you here?'
She paused, seeming to hang mid step. 'Book group.'
'Book group?' Percy caught up. 'What book group?'
'Amanda invited me to join. So sorry, Percy, but I am late.'
'Amanda?'
'Amanda. Percy, you know Amanda!'
'The Kiwi?'
'Of course.' Joyann raised the book she was holding. 'We're going to discuss Kristen's novel. The one you told the author herself was terrible, even though you did not read it.'
'I tried to read it. And I didn't know that she'd written the bloody thing.' He watched his friend's pretty eyes light up with amusement.
'You did not try very hard,' she said, 'but never mind that. I really must go, Percy. The meeting was arranged for now because this is the only time we could all make it for the next month. I think it would be rude to miss any more of it.'
'Book club,' Percy muttered as Joyann took off.
'I'll find you afterwards,' she called back. 'Okay?'
As Percy watched her round a corner and disappear, he decided he would take her for a drink. She might moan, of course, about going to The Tired Turtle, but he expected that she would come with him, regardless. 
Instead of going home for more beer, Percy went back to the pool and threw himself in with a long, shallow dive, accidentally smacking hard onto the water's surface. Soon after, belly-skin red and smarting, he stood up and took a breath of thick tropical air, feeling only marginally cooler. The swimming pool was warmer than he had ever known it to be. Even the tiles beneath his feet felt warm.
'Book club,' he grumbled aloud. 
He crouched, pushed back and began gently kicking his feet, slowly manoeuvring through what could have been a giant bath. Floating with his face turned to the blue sky, Percy's forehead started burning. Ignoring it, he closed his eyes, allowing a magnificent watery silence to envelope him. His hot face flushed a little deeper as he thought of Kristen, the attractive New Zealand writer he had insulted without meaning to, caring only because she was beautiful. He'd hoped they might come together and make the beast with two backs. He smiled. This was a schoolboy expression forgotten until that moment. He wondered if Kristen might have come back to Singapore for the Book Club meeting; was she there, as guest author? It would be a long journey to make, just to hear people moan about your work. But they wouldn't be moaning, Percy knew. Throughout, they'd be politely congratulating Kristen on her success. He wasn't convinced any of them could genuinely like any book as much as they would be claiming to like hers. 
If she was there, at the meeting, he decided he might understand a little of what she'd be feeling. Held up as something special, she would be asked to give meaning to her words, offer reasons for writing what she did; for producing drivel requiring a leap of faith to read. A massive leap, as far as Percy was concerned. All things in life required a leap of faith of some sort, he mused: books, films, conversation, friendships, moving abroad. Being left by one's cheating wife did not tie in with this model, no matter how hard Percy tried to make it. Getting married in the first place, however, fitted perfectly.
He both floated and pondered on. Kristen was a manufacturer of disappointment. She was offering something she had failed to deliver, whatever Joyann or anyone else claimed to think of her book. And she'd disappointed him, no end.
'Leap of faith,' he murmured to himself, disparagingly. 'Leap of bloody faith, my arse.'
'Leap of me!' came a great squealing cry, shortly before a ball of excitement plunged into the water beside him. 'Hello Uncle Percy!'
Forced to stand, Percy acknowledged his boy neighbour with a grumble, before pushing the child's head beneath the surface. When the boy emerged, he was laughing. Why this boisterous savage persisted in liking Percy remained a mystery to him.
'What were you doing, Uncle Percy? I thought you had drowned. I was going to save you like you saved that girl. Remember?' The boy began swimming tight circles around him. 
'Not much to save if I'd already drowned, you twit. And yes, I remember. I could hardly forget something like that.'
'Imagine if she'd been dead.'
'No, thank you.'
'Imagine if she was rotten.'
Percy stared at the boy, who had stopped swimming and was looking at him eagerly. 
'Imagine,' the boy went on, 'if her arms had come off and one of her hands grabbed you by the throat as you dived in. Imagine that!'
As always, Percy knew not to engage in conversation unless he was prepared to become puzzled, frustrated or angry. Wading to the edge, he clambered out. 'You need to get out, too.'
'Why? I've only just got here.'
'And why aren't you in school?'
'Day off.'
'I figured that part out for myself. Why?'
'Just is.'
'Come on. Out you get.'
'Why?'
'Because I'm going now. There's no supervising adult. And the guards won't want bits of your decomposed body blocking the filter. Come on. Out. Get your maid to watch you.'
'You send her.'
'Piss off. You go and get her.'
'I'm staying here.' The child stood up and folded his arms, defiantly. No longer smiling, his face bore a deep scowl.
This was a new, never-before-seen, attitude. The boy, normally painfully compliant with his overbearing good-cheer, was pulling something fresh from his bag of tricks. Percy stood and waited under the beating sun, the water running from his shorts evaporating almost as quickly as it spread about his feet. There would be no point in batting words back and forth in a game of you will-I won't, you will-I won't, he realised. And, in all likelihood, the boy would be perfectly fine while Percy informed the maid. But he wasn't going to. It was a matter of principle. He, an adult, had told him, a child, to leave the pool for his own safety. Before the near drowning of the little French girl, Percy might have walked away without a second thought. Before allowing religion to become part of his life, he would have had no opinion, either way. But times were changing.
'Get out now.'
The boy dropped below the surface, gliding for a few feet before re-emerging with a smirk.
'I said get out.'
'Make me.'
Percy could, he knew, jump back in the pool and forcibly remove the boy. The boy would scream blue murder. 'No. You're old enough to do as you're told. You know why I don't want to leave you alone. Out now. Last chance.'
'Or what?'
'Or I will go to your house, collect Kojak, and let him go over there,' Percy waved in the general direction of the jungle, opposite the condominium. He hadn't planned on issuing an ultimatum, the idea forming only as each word left his mouth. Once out, it seemed a fairly solid threat. 'That bald little body won't last five minutes.'
The boy grinned, before lowering his mouth beneath the surface. He stretched out and floated, legs straight, arms trailing, slowly weaving his body from side to side, as a crocodile. He was not heading for the side, and so clearly did not believe Percy's wild threat to kill his skinny pig.
Percy watched him, irritated. When Percy's friend Art's sister had visited, unable to control her daughter's rude behaviour, he'd viewed it as weakness on the mother's part. There was always a solution, he'd felt. In the girl's case, it had taken the form of a five hundred-pound bribe, courtesy of an unwitting Art. Percy wasn't about to offer the boy any money; he'd squared up to Percy, and Percy was determined to win.
'I don't care about little animals,' Percy shouted, 'that's why I gave it to you. I think the cobra will be very pleased to come across an oven-ready guinea pig. So, get out. Last chance.'
'Again?' The boy suddenly erupted from the water, thrusting his arms forwards, opening and closing them whilst roaring, as if they were grasping hungry jaws; his fingers long jagged front teeth.
'Just to remind you: I hate the bald little bastard!' Percy barked, before snatching his towel and phone from a small table and marching off. He was livid. Often, he felt fed up with the boy, frustrated by the constant questions and endless scenarios, if the strongest man on earth had a fight with a lion that could do karate, who would win, and his repeated use of the term Uncle, but he had never felt so thoroughly cross with him before.
Percy strode along the path furiously, until he reached the boy's house, only a few doors from his own. He opened the wooden gate and walked across the short terrace, before knocking on a glass door. The maid was there in seconds. 
Percy explained what had happened and what he wanted, and she disappeared for a moment before returning with Kojak. After handing over the skinny pig, she then grabbed a towel and raced off to the pool. 
The rodent rested in Percy's hand as a full bag of offal, much fatter than the little sack of bones it once was. It had been a long time since he'd looked at the animal properly; the misguided gift from Norm that he'd been very pleased to give away, especially to a bereaved boy with an allergy to furry things. Percy noted the few hairs on Kojak's nose, plucked out before handing the animal over -  a time when it was still named Sinead - had grown back quite thickly.
'Sorry about this, mate,' he said, 'but some lessons are not easy to learn.'





2. JOYANN TAN
When Joyann arrived at the book club meeting they were already in full flow. She felt embarrassed by her lateness, and apologised. No one else seemed as bothered. Amanda asked her if she would like a drink, and offered a comfortable chair to sit in.
'I didn't want to have to watch the little one,' Amanda said, nodding to the toddler who was staring at the television, entranced by oddly shaped, colourful beings making strange noises. 'So, I hope you don't mind us being here, rather than by the pool. We normally meet up in that covered part, you know, where you and I were chatting that time.' She added that the heat outside had defeated them, anyway.
'I do not mind at all,' Joyann said. The cool of the air-conditioned house was welcome. 'Meeting by the pool is much nicer after dark, I think. At this time of day, it is better this way.' She smiled, and sat down, accepting a small glass of white wine.
'We're really pleased you could make it, aren't we ladies? It's so hard to get out and about when you're working.'
'It is my day off, well, sort of.'
'How's your mum?'
'So so.' Joyann did not want to say that her mother was making life difficult all round, obviously unwell but not as unwell as she made out. A niggling doubt regarding her own judgment in this was all that kept Joyann by her side; all that kept her son, Lucas, continuing to traipse half away across Singapore twice daily for school. Home never seemed so far away, nor so tantalisingly close. She'd dropped in that morning to collect more clothes and a game for Lucas. The maid was out, the house clean and quiet, the fridge containing only a few plastic containers of left over hawker food and some soft drink.
Amanda smiled, and made the necessary introductions. The five other women greeted her warmly. 'So, Joyann, to bring you up to speed, most of us enjoyed the book, but we were just talking about the premise. Does it require too much blind acceptance, on the reader's part?'
Joyann was pleased. She'd feared this group might be like certain book clubs joined in the past, where the reason for the gathering was barely mentioned; idle chat never giving way to relevant conversation. In Joyann's experience, it had been neither an expat nor Singaporean failing, simply the way those particular clubs had evolved. 
The Discussion Group she had started with Percy, a place for conversation on any topic, including books, had satisfied her need for stimulating company nicely. But since falling into the elitist grip of Vlad the Impala's re-sectioned cleavage, this group was no longer a place Joyann wanted to spend time. She enjoyed mixing with others but not at any cost; whilst clubs provided social purpose, the founding objective was what mattered most. Joyann was now extra thankful for Amanda's invitation
'Is it difficult talking about a book written by a friend?' one woman asked Amanda.
'Not really. I usually read the first draft for her, so I'm used to thinking critically about Kristen's work. The very first one I read made me pretty uncomfortable, I guess, not knowing what I was getting into, and all that.'
This interested Joyann very much. 'You read the first draft?' she confirmed. 'For all her books?'
'Yes. It's fun.'
'Do you feel able to say negative things as well as positive?' Joyann was not sure she herself would be able offer anything other than praise for a friend's hard endeavours.
'Both. But honestly? She seems to like the bad comments best.'
'And you tell her, if you do not like the story? Or a character? You always speak honestly, and tell her the truth? Even if you feel the whole book is terrible?'
'That's the beauty of Kristen, Joyann. Her books are never terrible. And you learn to read and make judgements while accepting that other people like stuff you might not. You have to be objective, but a little bit subjective, too.'
'Are you trained? As an editor, I mean.'
Amanda laughed, 'No. I've just been doing it a while. And I'm not the only one to read, don't forget. I just read the first draft, her real editor looks at the developed version.'
'Shall we get back to the question of premise?' asked the same woman who had drawn the conversation away from it. 
Joyann was delighted.
*
Not knowing the condo well enough to find a short cut to Percy's house, Joyann retraced her steps to the main entrance. As she passed the swimming pool, she was surprised to see no one in it, given the unrelenting heat. She wished it would rain. Already, patches of dead grass were appearing on roadside verges, reminding lovers of lush green jungle that what appeared rampant was in fact fragile. The park nearest her brother's home - her mother's sanctuary doubling as Joyann's temporary prison - was already being sprinkled to maintain it.
Passing the condo entrance, she had just turned along the path leading to Percy's house, when she heard a commotion. Ahead, she could see Percy standing in the shade of a tree. With him was the boy neighbour she'd met before, pushing and shoving what she supposed was his father towards Percy, who was gesticulating. She hesitated, a little ashamed to be planning to run but recognising shame was a small price to pay for an easy escape.
'Hey! Joyann! Hi!'
Spotted. Her heart sank. She missed Percy, but moments like this reminded her of why she was also quite happy to spend time away from him. No doubt he had upset someone with his brusque manner, perhaps telling this someone's injured good friend that they might have been less likely to fall over had they not been wearing stupid shoes, or whatever it was he had actually said that time. She must not let him spoil the good feeling she'd managed to cultivate at her new book club with his silly row, or whatever it was that was happening. 
He called again.
Reluctantly, Joyann raised a hand and waved back. The path was busy with huge blue-black carpenter bees visiting the purple flowers of morning glory, a flower Joyann was fond of. It had covered her grandmother's back wall, and as a child she and a friend used to pluck out stamen, sucking the base of each as if it were candy, delighting in the romance of drinking nectar. Without enthusiasm, she moved along the path. On the mottled trunk of a tree, she noticed the flashing yellow neckerchief of a flying lizard. The slender animal casually moved from sight as she passed, rather than spreading wing-like ribs and gliding off. These humble creatures could be near Percy without any obligation to be closer still. Why then could she, a being with cognitive thought, not simply have called back to say that she would catch up with him some other time; spread her own ribs and fly away, guiltless? It wasn't as if she had lots of time to spare.
She frowned as she walked towards the commotion. Why did she pander to him? Was it sympathy, because her husband had run off with his wife? No. She had known Percy in her own right before that awful event. Was it because she liked him very much and she was a person inclined to be overly forgiving of other people's foibles? Perhaps. Whatever it was, it became less relevant as she drew closer. The two men, at least, were not angry but smiling.
'Good afternoon,' she said with a smile of her own, before checking her watch and correcting herself, 'Good evening. You are having fun?' 
'No!' the boy neighbour snapped, 'because he stole Kojak!'
His father told him not to be rude. The boy roared an empty apology and gave Percy a shove as he did so. His father told him to go inside.
When the boy was gone, Joyann received an explanation of sorts. Kojak, it appeared, was safely stowed in a box in Percy's basement, but the exact details confused her. Apparently, Percy had threatened to release the animal somewhere unsafe, but she wasn't absolutely sure. The story was blurted and her attention distracted by Percy's unusual behaviour. She couldn't recall seeing this combination before. He certainly laughed from time to time, and to hear him joke was not unusual, though his jokes tended not to be the pleasantly comedic variety. Laughing and joking, was something new.
Recalling the child had been given the pet to help him cope with the loss of his mother, Joyann wondered at the punishment. To take away his treasured friend seemed extraordinarily harsh. She kept her thoughts to herself. Aside from not wishing to be controversial, the boy's father appeared unbothered by it all.
'It'll do him good,' he said. 'He's got to learn to do as he's told. Our maid lets him get away with murder, and I can't be here as much as I'd like. I did think it was because of his mother, but it's just an excuse. She worked long hours. Fact is, he was already a cheeky little so and so before we lost her.'
'It cannot have helped. Has it got worse?' Joyann questioned, 'if you do not mind me asking.'
The reply came in the form of a shrug.
She chose not to press him. To judge the balance of Lucas' behaviour before and after her separation from Ethan, versus change demanded by his age, would be very hard indeed.
'Let me know when you want it back,' Percy said. 'If it was anything else he'd done then I wouldn't have got involved. But the pool, you know, it's important. Perhaps I got carried away.'
The father agreed that Percy had, but with a lightness of tone suggesting forgiveness. 'Thanks for looking out for him. For being interested.'
Joyann thought she noticed Percy flinch at this assumption. Not such a different Percy Field, after all, she mused.
'Would you like to come for a drink?' Percy asked him.
Joyann suddenly reviewed her opinion. Perhaps he was a changed man. He never issued invitations to people he barely knew. 
'Joyann and I are going for one, if you'd like to join us?'
And not so different, she decided. He had not asked her any such thing.
The boy's father declined, saying he wanted to talk with his son. But before going inside, he asked Percy if he would return Kojak when he got back from the bar; he was sure an apology would be forthcoming by then.
'Shall we go?' Percy said to Joyann. 'We can walk down.'
'To The Tired Turtle?' It was not her favourite place to drink, and it never ceased to amaze her that it was Percy's. 'Why don't we go somewhere else for a change? I don't have very long because I need to get back to my mother, and Lucas has a tutor coming. We could go for a coffee instead, or an ice cream? It is so hot. There is a place near The Tired Turtle. If you want a beer after that you can get one, and I can get a taxi home.'
She took Percy moving off as a sign of agreement, and the two were soon walking slowly towards the sanctuary of the ice-cream shop, via the residential backstreets; cooler roads lined with trees. Joyann decided to leave her small umbrella in her bag. It was still very hot, but dusk was moments away. Shortly, there would be nothing to shade herself from.
'You hungry?' Percy asked.
'Only for ice-cream. I shall eat later with my family. Are you hungry, Percy?'
'I'll grab something when you've gone.'
Joyann checked her watch. 'I do not have very long, actually. I am wondering now if I should go straight home.'
She noticed Percy did not try and persuade her otherwise. Perhaps today, going straight to alcohol meant more to him than catching up with a friend. 'Is everything alright?' she said. Sometimes, when Percy was most in need of a friend, he showed it the least.
'Of course.' He sounded genuine.
'I think I will have to miss the ice cream,' she said, again checking her watch. 'If the traffic is bad then I will not be back in time to see Lucas' tutor, and I would like to speak with her.'
'Tutor? I thought he went to school.'
'It is very competitive here, Percy. He needs to keep up.'
'I'm sure the kid next door doesn't have one.'
'I think living in Singapore and being Singaporean are far from the same thing, Percy. I am sorry, but I really must go home.'
'Sure. No worries. We've got the walk down for chatting. And we could arrange something else? Perhaps invite a few others along?'
Joyann stopped. 
A few steps on, Percy stopped too. He looked back. 'What is it?'
'It is you, Percy,' she said. Had she heard correctly, had Percy Field really just tried to organise a social event? 'I have not seen you for a little while and I think that in this time someone has switched you. Do you have a twin brother? Or maybe you are an alien. Oh my! That is it! Alien. Show me your hands. Can you do this?' Joyann moved the fingers on one hand so they separated into two distinct bunches.
He laughed, but did not attempt to copy her.
Walking slowly on again, Joyann stared at the side of Percy's face. Twilight softened his features, and he looked younger than he had by the pool, where in daylight she'd thought his unkempt hair and bristly chin aged him. 'You are very different today; happier somehow.' She paused while considering her next comment, weighing up whether or not it was the right thing to mention, when they had so little time. In less than ten minutes she would be in a cab. 'Is it because you have started going to Hester's temple? I heard you have been going quite regularly.'
He didn't react as expected. There was no snappy rage, no sighing or shrugging or rolling of eyes. All he said was that he didn't think it had changed him.
'You enjoy it?' she said, taking advantage of the mood.
'I do. I mean I don't believe a word of it. Me? Some kind of messenger from a god I don't believe in? Ridiculous. But there is something about being there.'
'You like the people?' A bat flew close by, drawing Joyann's attention to a streetlamp beginning to glow orange. 'Goodness. It is nearly dark. Where has the day gone?'
'They're mostly arseholes, actually. But nice ones, I guess.'
'I have not seen this side of you before. Softer.'
'Not even when Sal left me?' he smiled.
Joyann thought that for once his face seemed to light up with that smile. He was handsome in his brightness. 'No,' she cried, 'that was not a soft side; vulnerable perhaps, but not soft. You were angry, and when you were not angry you were drunk. Have you heard from her lately?'
'Only the usual, trying to get me out of the house, or better still, back to England. You?'
'Heard from Ethan? Not as much as I would like. It is different for me. We have a child. He and Sal don't seem to be trying as hard as they were with him, though. It is rather quiet. Good for me, but not so good for Lucas. I suppose you have heard Norman's wonderful news?' She thought the brightness in Percy's face faded a little. 'You are not pleased for him?'
'Of course. It's brilliant, if you like that sort of thing. Is… is that the only thing you heard?'
'Was there something else to hear?'
'No. I was just asking. It's a surprise, that's all. You know, with Norm batting for the other side. Turns out he plays for both teams.'
'It is not so unusual.' She placed a hand on his arm, and squeezed, so he would know she was not telling him off. 'Maybe you should not speak that way? Some might find it demeaning to have their sexual orientation compared to a game.'
He'd meant nothing by it; it was a fact, that was all, he said.
Joyann's phoned pinged, and she checked her messages. 'Ah! My mother has fallen. I need to go home.'
'You were going anyway.'
'Yes, but I think we should walk a little faster. So sorry. I know it is hot, Percy, but just think of that cold, cold beer.'
'Do you think it will ever rain again?'
'It will, but I remember before, when we had two weeks with no rain. Not nice. I hope very much that something changes soon. It is too hot for everyone, and that time before, well, everything turned brown. There is only so much that can be watered. It was not pretty.' 
Just ahead, a vehicle was pulling up in front of a house. A passenger climbed out. 'There, Joyann, look. A cab,' Percy said, 'I'll stop him driving off.'
Open mouthed, Joyann watched as Percy made himself useful. What a contradictory person he was, she decided. Percy Field, known misanthrope, helping her of his own volition, while not thinking for one moment to ask after her ailing mother.
3. OVEN READY
Percy was looking forward to getting home. He'd stopped for a quiet moment alone at The Tired Turtle after Joyann raced off, but found himself with company. Spotting him sitting by himself, Norm and Verity Sullivan had joined him for a drink.
While watching them climb from a taxi and walk over to him, hand in hand, Percy had longed for the ground to open and swallow him whole; crush him to death, even. In fact, he'd thought he could feel Death's grip, cold around his neck and clenched about his torso. He'd willed it to tighten. Kill me now, he'd muttered. Throttle me, so I do not have to share a drink and polite conversation with a man who loves me and his wife who has sex with me and is carrying my child. Any one of these things individually was manageable, since he liked Norm and was fascinated by Verity, feeling no responsibility for the life growing inside her. But put together, it made for one lamentable farce.
Understanding Death was not going to play ball, Percy decided he would instead unburden himself in an email to his friend, Art, later. He would need to omit certain details. Two facts of the three, easily summarised as impregnating Verity. These missing truths would undoubtedly make Art wonder what the problem was, which, of course, would make moaning to him pointless; both men had said all there was to say on the subject of Norm's infatuation, which wasn't very much. 
There was no point emailing. It seemed, yet again, Percy would have to face personal crisis by himself. Unusually, he hadn't wanted to.
'Hello there. I hope you don't mind us joining you,' Verity said, her lovely voice melting the crystals of ice that Death had left on Percy's skin; warming parts that were better not stirred at that precise moment. 'We saw you and thought it might be a nice idea. You looked a little lonely.' The startlingly blue of her eyes was piercing under the artificial light. With dark shiny hair and flawless skin, Percy thought she was stunning. 
'Yes,' agreed Norm, positioning a stool for Verity to heft herself on to, 'I said it looked like you, sitting here, and Verity said it wasn't. And then she agreed that it was, so I said let's stop and have a drink with him. You wouldn't want us to drive past you without stopping, that's what we agreed, wasn't it?'
'Blimey, Norm, make sure you tell that one again.' It was said before Percy could stop himself.
But Norm had only laughed, 'Okay, okay. I know. I am a boring old fart.'
'Norm?' Percy questioned. Norm was many things but he could never be considered boring. 'Whoever said that about you? You are very far from a boring old fart.'
'He's sitting quite close to one, actually,' Verity quipped with narrowed eyes, nodding to the close proximity of the two men.
Percy had conceded the point with a smile. 
The hour that followed dragged, as Percy was bombarded with talk of babies. If ever there was subject on which he had nothing to say, no opinion or knowledge, no fasciation or interest, vague or otherwise, this was it. Babies. Even picturing one made him feel bored. Verity and Norm may as well have been discussing the merits of a section of plastic drain pipe, for all he cared. 
But he rose to the challenge, practised now in making the most of his own reluctance. He'd learned that all he needed to do was recognise what it was he wasn't enjoying in a conversation and think of a question regarding this. When one Following disciple had revealed to Percy the terrible bullying she had suffered at school, Percy, struggling with interest, had found a question, recognising his lack of topical knowledge was the problem. Do some girl bullies actually pull hair, he'd asked? No, came the straight reply, they punch in the face. The surprise of this caused him to expand his question, and soon they were talking about the many different ways in which someone could be bullied. He'd enjoyed the encounter, and by the end of it felt cross that this nice young woman should have been treated so badly.
'Do you think it will be boring?' he'd asked Norm.
Norm looked surprised. 'Do I think what will be boring?'
'Having a baby.'
'I doubt we'll have time to be bored,' Verity interjected, with a chuckle, 'what a funny question.'
'Sorry. It's not really my thing.'
'No,' said Norm, 'I suppose not.'
An awkward silence followed, but it lasted only moments. Soon Norm was again in full flow about the merits of washable this and disposable that. Percy could only admire the man. Here he was, sitting perfectly amiably with his wife and her some time lover - if that was what Percy was - excited by the prospect of twenty years-servitude brought about by that same deceit.
'He's a gentleman,' Percy said to Verity, when Norm went off to use the loo.
'I know. And I am very pleased with the way you two are with each other. Of course, my Norman would never fight about it because he is not like that. Besides, if you think about it, this is as close as he can come to having a baby with you, isn't it? A sort of win-win situation, off the back of a lose-lose.'
Percy wasn't sure if she was joking or not, so didn't laugh. 'I was surprised you decided to join me. Even more surprised to have to talk about babies.'
'Why? You are many things to Norman, and one very special thing to me. Why wouldn't we stop and talk about it?' She studied his face. 'Percy, we do need to talk properly, at some point, you know.'
'About what?'
Percy did not find out what it was. 
'Another drink anyone?' Norm had said, jovially, as he sat back down.
*
Percy tore around the basement, shifting this and rummaging through that. When he finally found something, it was not the animal expected. Lounging in the corner of the room, behind a stack of enormous plastic food boxes, was a reticulated python. It was not a big one, its largest feature the guinea pig shaped bulge in its belly. 
Torn between two emotions: satisfaction because he loved snakes and had not yet seen one of these iconic beasts, and sheer horror, Percy was in a quandary. What now? Might the boy be interested in seeing it? Would it be better or worse to observe for himself what had happened? He'd certainly get out the pool next time he was told.
While Percy dithered about what to do and how to tell the boy the terrible news, he heard a knock on the glass door of the sitting room. He made his way back upstairs. As expected, the boy neighbour and his father were waiting. A lamp in the lounge lit up the boy's beaming smile, the child looking very much more like the cheerful person Percy knew him to be. As Percy took the last step up, the pair waved, the smallest hand clearly the most eager.
Opening the door, Percy realised the best scenario would have been for them all to make the grisly discovery together. But they now knew he had already been in the basement. It was too late to pretend.
The father gently nudged the boy forwards.
'Sorry for not doing as I was told, Uncle Percy. I won't do it again.'
Percy stood for a moment and contemplated the words. Was this a trick statement? Did he mean that yet again he wouldn't do as he was told, or that he would now always do as he was told? It wasn't beyond the boy to fiddle about with words, despite his young age. It was the wrong moment to enquire. 
Inviting them inside, Percy asked both to sit down. 'The leather is a bit sticky with the humidity,' he said, gesturing to the furniture generally. 'Closed doors,' he added, by way of explanation. 'Though it's almost as bad when they aren't.'
Unless going out, he always left the ground floor glass doors open until bedtime. A short time earlier, Percy had closed them, after discovering Kojak was missing. The unlikeliness of the short-legged animal making it up ten steps, with or without a specific reason for climbing, wasn't lost on him, but he hadn't wanted to take the chance. Guinea pigs didn't climb but then guinea pigs weren't normally bald; maybe bald ones had a different skill set.
'Can I go down and get him, Uncle Percy?'
'No. Just sit and wait for a moment.'
The two visitors did as instructed, the father smiling patiently, the boy wide-eyed and happy.
Percy looked from one to the other. Time seemed to slow. How long could he go on saying nothing? Because he really did not want to explain that rather than nibbling on a carrot whilst awaiting collection, the beloved Kojak was half crushed and in the process of being digested.
'I miss him,' the boy said. 'I miss his bald little body.' He grinned. 'It's very soft.'
His father's smile widened, 'Yeah, well you love him, don't you? I'm not sure we've ever thanked Uncle Percy enough for his gift.'
'Not Uncle, just Percy is fine. Okay. I have something to tell you both. And it's not brilliant news.'
'Is it Kojak?' the child's face stiffened.
'Yes. It is to do with Kojak.'
'Everything okay?' the father asked.
Standing in the same room in which he had originally found the animal amongst a mass of small mammal accoutrements, Percy was suddenly inspired. Back then, he had thought the animal was sick, given its unusual appearance. 'It's like this,' he began. 'You see, the fact is, little Kojak is not well. I came home and it wasn't right, so it's with the vet.'
'The vet?' the father looked puzzled. 'You've been to the vet and back since you got in? Are they open this late?'
Percy was forced to dig deep. Lying was not his forte. He was a man whose tendency towards truth was something of an affliction. But there seemed no point upsetting anyone needlessly. He had to admit to himself that he was fond of the boy, and wanted to save his feelings. 'No. Not open. I know one. They took it.'
'You know a vet?' the father's face held a curious expression. 'The vet took Kojak?'
'Yeah. The vet. She's the one that looked it over when I first got it. She was here, you see.'
'Ah, yes. I think I do see. The vet was here? That was lucky, wasn't it?' he turned to his son, who was tearful.
'Will he be okay, Uncle Percy? I don't know what I would do without him.'
'He'll be fine. He just needs some medicine.'
'Can I go and see him? At the vets?'
'No. But he'll be home in a few days.'
'Let me know how much I owe you,' the boy's father said. 'Vets are expensive.'
'I wouldn't dream of it. I expect she'll treat it for free anyway. We're quite close.' Having the beautiful vet as his fictional lover made the telling of this lie somewhat more bearable.
'That's really kind of you, but it's not your fault if he's ill. No reason you should pay. Come on young man, time for bed.' The boy's father stood up. 'Off you go. You go ahead, I'll be along in a moment.'
Percy watched the boy disappear into the darkness. Why was his father still here?
'I'm assuming something has happened?' he said to Percy, with a more serious expression than he'd had only moments before.
Percy sighed.
4. HESTER
Marvelling at the new lights installed after the tired old electrics were replaced, Hester was enjoying a rest on her veranda. Life was a strange mix of excitement and tiredness, but mostly she felt an easy sort of motivation. It wasn't a sickening drive to achieve, or a miserable kind of obligation, just a very special form of happiness: of enjoying getting up in the morning. Thoroughly immersed in the business of helping her chosen subject achieve the popularity she felt due to any Prophet of God, Hester was having a ball. Following was a success and believers abundant. Willing, faithful and accepting, they were everything she had hoped for.
The creation of a new faith had been unexpectedly easy, but how to convince Percy of his role remained a problem. He was attending sermons and speaking from time to time, but had in no way bought into the idea of his own divinity. She supposed he came along because he was lonely and adrift, like many of his followers, but it wouldn't do to have him cruising as a mere figurehead. It seemed obvious to her that if Percy went only one step further than the simple acknowledgement he was currently satisfied to offer, he would become the demonstrative leader she craved. She was old-fashioned. She wanted a decent sermon; she wanted him to speak powerfully. 
For now, Percy's neutrality, coupled with a knack for appearing utterly self-assured and secure, was useful. In his absence, it was easy for her to use his words, either as a directly held view or to present them as some kind of parable; and the short shrift he offered to those pressing for more than he was willing to give provided an invaluable defence against prying. But if Following was going to succeed in the long term then Hester knew she needed Percy to commit; this was the measure of success. 
And she wasn't sure if the find your own way approach she felt obliged to claim he advocated, was sustainable. At some point, everyone would expect specific guidance, she supposed. This element remained vague, however, a part of the journey she knew must be eased along with a gentle touch, tweaked and altered to match the mood. To suddenly start commanding off the back of non-prescription might prove disastrous; the role she had created would require her continued guiding hand. This pleased her.
Hester chuckled. Already, she had invented a new religion around an oblivious misanthrope atheist, so how much harder could it be to persuade him to believe in it, to become a real prophet? Feeling very comfortable in her own skin, she smiled; how she enjoyed a challenge.
Stretched out like some ancient fat goddess, bare feet raised and resting on a silk cushion, bowl of grapes to hand, Hester was not only plotting what should happen next but pondering how far she had come. Following had started as a game, satiating the old desire to fabricate, before progressing into a ruse of far more significance. With each new gain came greater desire: make Percy prophet, grow the faith, have him join the faith; have him seem to lead the faith. Now he must mean it. Each step was barely achieved before she wanted more. 
She loved to observe Percy's disciples, watching how they talked and discussed, laughed and cried; whispered and hugged. The pattern was always the same: the more they dissected and reconstructed Percy's statements, the further removed from reality these statements became, and along with it the believers themselves. To Hester, those involved seemed like Special Services trainees, released into the dark night on a wild moor, instructed to make their way home with no equipment or direction. It was hard, but it clearly made them feel extraordinary, for how many other faiths were created on a foundation of such liberalism? 
A name came to Hester. Nancy Wake. She had been a World War Two secret operative, known as White Mouse for the way she eluded capture by the Germans, and something of a hero for young Hester and her friends. Nancy could tackle any distance and any terrain; Nancy could talk her way in and out of any situation, because Nancy could lie like the best of them; she was the best of them. And so was Hester. 
The sense of drive Hester now felt was an absolute joy; it did not take a facelift and fake breasts to feel young again, whatever a certain friend believed. But the flip side of this joy - of youth revisited - was a genuine paradox, for it renewed her awareness of ageing; reminding her that life was racing by, hurtling towards its end when before it had been trundling. She had little time left for staggering across metaphoric boggy heaths in search of answers for the sake of appearances. She needed a solution.
'Davina,' Hester called, as she stretched her legs, partially relieving the ache of one knee. The night air was so hot that she had an electric floor-fan angled on her, as well as the ceiling fan spinning at full tilt. 'Davina!'
The maid soon appeared. 'Yes, Madam Hester,' she said, as always dusted with flour. After taking over her aunt's long held position, Davina had proven a keen baker, much to Hester's delight. 'Ma'am, there are no ham chimp eng left, and it is nearly dinner time. I am making treacle sponge.'
Hester bristled. 'I don't eat that much! And I have my grapes. I just wanted a glass of wine.'
Davina hesitated.
'I don't care what I am supposed to be doing or not doing, I want a glass of wine. If I can't have a glass of wine on my own veranda at my age then there is something wrong in the world. Please bring it.' 
Both Hester's doctor and husband had expressed concerns regarding her growing waistline and general health. Though not much slimmer, she had been a fit woman only a few months before. Hester now found herself being treated as an invalid and judged it to be unfair. Her wine soon arrived, and Hester demanded Davina immediately top it up, saying she must have spilt some on the way. The returned glass was brimming, liquid held in place by surface tension. 
This time Hester smiled and said thank you. 'What is the point of moderation at my time of life?' she asked the air, as Davina retreated.
What was missing in Percy's make-up was a natural ability to empathise, she decided, as she took her first large mouthful. And if it were to germinate within him, then it could certainly raise him to the highest of heights. She sighed. His toughened core would need a good deal of softening, and that would take imagination. Hester knew from her many years of experience in the field, that this was not something requiring a big lie just yet. Lies were like a switch, enabling a sudden change from one state to another; what she needed to do first was lay the cable. More urgent than that, she realised, was to chip out the channel for the cable. Her mind filled with electrical similes. Again, she admired her beautiful old veranda, with its newly rewired lights.
She sipped her wine and mulled over her talents; a warrior queen reviewing her conquests. Some of the most significant untruths Hester could recall telling amounted to: convincing fellow boarders at her school that she had a twin living in Mexico; telling her mother that her best friend in school was dying; telling the handsome gardener at University she was of Royal descent, as if he needed such a lure to sleep with her; claiming to know a multitude of celebrities; declaring to fellow ex-pupils at a reunion that her twin had been murdered by bandits; making a large insurance claim for a ring that had never been stolen, just to see if she could; spreading numerous stories in order to promote her husband's position; stating under oath that she had personally witnessed an assault just because she did not like the assailant's beady eyes; reporting Percy's miracles on Orchard Road; creating Percy's miracles of back straightening and shoulder repair. 
There were many more, memories faded or lost, and Hester felt nothing but pride at having entertained herself so well.
'Cheers,' she said, toasting herself to the mellow boom of a bullfrog.
*
One day, after a crowded afternoon worship in the large room she had given over to Following, Hester took a glass of chilled wine outside and further contemplated how she might engineer the perfect conditions to convince Percy that he really was someone special. She longed for ham chimp eng, that doughy deep fried delight Davina had learned to create. She would resist. Since she was rather enjoying her life, Hester planned to try and extend it a little. Of course, the bonus was that calories saved on one thing could always be guiltlessly consumed elsewhere.
Seated in her favourite spot - the end of the sofa with the best view of the garden and easy reach of the table - she decided it was important for Percy to moderate his view of others, if things were to progress at all. Yes, he could continue to be brusque, yes, he should tell whomsoever he chose to leave him alone, and yes, if he wanted to cut someone in half with a sharp remark he certainly could. But it was essential a degree of empathy be aroused. He had to learn that he and other human beings were genuinely related. Only then would Hester be able to push him over the edge and into the misty world of altruism.
It would be no easy task to take a selfish man and clothe him in philanthropy, to make him see the worth in being a caring person. But if she could, this would surely create the tiny crevice that might allow contemplation a foothold. Once this happened, those new thoughts might shift about and grow a space big enough for more spiritual notions. One way or another it had to be done, because right now he was of no more use than a pet rock.
Hester's reconstructed friend, Trudy, had lingered after the service, angling for an invitation to stay and share a tipple, but Hester needed to be alone. Something she had learned very early on in her sham-filled life was that successful deception required absolute solitude in planning, and rigid self-sufficiency in execution. Only once was another person privy to Hester's less than honest ways, and that had seen Hester brutally treated, frogspawn masquerading as tapioca pudding forced down her throat. Independence was the name of the game. Thoroughly cast into the role of full-time supportive wife, Hester was forced to find it wherever she could. It was key to her success as a liar, as was money, for affluence seemed to bring with it a presumed credibility, or so it seemed for wealthy women if not for wealthy men. The fun of subterfuge was not in sharing the joke or laughing at victims, but in the success of the exercise and the subsequent sense of having achieved so much alone.
As Hester sipped her wine whilst listening to the twitter of oriental white-eyes searching for a nest site safe from hungry orioles, she pondered school and the frogspawn, scams and scurrilous behaviour. Thinking of school days made her think of children, and although children could aggravate people like Percy with a single, milky, breath, in certain circumstances they could also warm the coldest of hearts. 
'A child,' she muttered. 'A lamb.'
Some of the believers had young children. Perhaps she might use one to reach his heart; have a child charm him, make him feel responsible in some way. She shook her head. No. The very presence of children amongst Following gave Hester cause for concern; she had never intended to play with the minds of little ones. Uncomfortable, she cast the thought aside. The fact was, she did not know of any available children to help this man find his soul. She would have to come up with something else.
*
Another service over, and this time Hester welcomed company.
Davina poured wine for Hester and Trudy, and iced water for Norm and Meera, bottles wrapped in cloth to soak up the condensation. On the glass-topped table, an array of nibbles were laid out, from toasted peanuts mixed with fried dried anchovies, to olives, caviar and tropical fruits. Daylight fading, the new lights were switched on for all to admire.
'Children,' announced Hester, once she could see the three had settled. 
'Do you mean us?' asked Norm.
'Don't be ridiculous Norman. Children, as in actual children, not men in shorts.'
'What about them?' Trudy swilled down half a glass of wine, which Davina immediately topped up, as if she had been waiting to do exactly that.
'Despite his presence and obvious brilliance, Percy is not a particularly warm man,' Hester shook her head a little as she spoke, 'but few people… few adults… would be able to resist coming to the rescue of a child. I have no doubt that a man like Percy would do exactly the same. Of course he would, what messenger from God wouldn't?'
'He already has. I am sure I told you that he saved a girl from drowning. What's your point?'
'My point, Norman, is this: if we can involve a child in some way then Percy will be obliged to take up the mantle and be more forthright in his leadership.' Hester had come up with no better idea than using a child, and hoped her unwitting friends might help develop it.
'Use a child?' he said, horror plain.
'No! Of course not. At least, I don't think so. I will admit this was my view before, but I realise now that using a minor might be somewhat unethical. Besides, there are no children; none that I would be happy using.'
'So why mention it at all?'
'Because, Norman, I have been thinking about it, and I would like you all to think about it, too; about how we might motivate Percy to become proactive. And I had forgotten about the girl.' Hester had forgotten, and felt a little cheated to know her idea would not have worked. If a near drowned child couldn't break him, then anything she might have come up with would not have stood even half a chance.
Meera looked from one face to another before speaking, 'Does he really need to be pushed? Following is growing anyway, with him doing very little. Percy is a shy and humble man. Do we need to drive him in this way? He might stop coming.'
Hester frowned. 'Shy and humble?'
'Yes, shy and humble,' Trudy repeated Meera's words. 'He might not always seem it, because he tries to hide it. That's what shy people do.'
'And humble people,' Meera said.
'He is those things, in his own way, I agree,' Hester muttered. Privately, she was pondering Meera, whom she knew without doubt did not believe a word of any of it. The Indian-Singaporean beautician's involvement in Following was one of intrigue and based on fun. She liked to provoke discussion and encourage others. She was not aware that Hester was another non-believer, and nor would she learn of it. 'People want to hear more from their leader, Meera. I think many would prefer him to be more vocal, for it all to feel a little more mainstream.'
'I am not sure your husband would agree,' Meera retorted. 'I think he would rather the whole thing disappeared.'
'I can't believe he has commented to you one way or the other, my dear. Besides, what I do is not my husband's business. He is perfectly happy for me to do as I please… within the law. There is no law in Singapore that says a prophet cannot be encouraged to be more proactive.'
'Are you sure?' asked Trudy.
Meera smiled, wickedly, 'Yes, Hester, I am not sure prophets are allowed into Singapore.' 
'Exactly,' agreed Trudy, brightly, oblivious to the tease, 'I mean, what pass could one enter on? I don't think a work permit would be enough.'
'And being proactive means religious promotion; definitely not allowed.'
'You weren't listening, Meera. I said encourage him to be proactive. Encouraging someone is not illegal.'
'I am not sure you are right.'
The old woman quelled the digression, patting the air as if pressing down an invisible barrier. 'Children,' she began again, 'are never left to find their own way. Adults always provide guidance, whether good or bad. Even a man like Percy would tell a child what to do without a second thought. He wouldn't notice what he was doing until it was too late.'
'But the idea of a child helping… you just said it was no good,' Meera observed.
'I wasn't meaning that. I was drawing a comparison. Disciples are a prophet's children.'
'God's children surely?' said Norm.
Hester huffed. It seemed that today everyone had an opinion. 'The point is this: guidance is needed. That is all I am saying. He needs to step up.'
Norm sat forward in his chair, leaning towards his cohorts. 'Isn't this all a little presumptuous, Hester? We're talking about a prophet, not about promoting a supervisor at the local video shop.'
'Video shop!' Meera snorted a laugh. 'You are showing your age! Video shop!'
'Not at all, Norman,' Hester was now feeling very defensive, 'you name one prophet whose voice was truly heard without the solid support of his believers.'
Norm did not reply, but indicated that Davina, who had continued to wait nearby, should pour him a small glass of wine. Meera raised an eyebrow.
Noticing, Hester said, 'Norman is no longer a member of the LDS church, Meera, and you are not a practising Hindu, so if you want one then have one. Life is too short and will not be shortened further by the consumption of one glass of wine!' She flashed a heated look at Davina.
'His,' Trudy said, contemplatively. 'You said his. It's never her.'
'What?' snapped Hester, who was thoroughly fed up with everyone.
'She means to say that prophets are never women,' Meera said.
'Of course not,' Hester burst, 'which woman could be bothered?' She calmed herself. She was becoming unusually flustered and wasn't sure why. She forced a laugh, 'Most women wouldn't have the time.'
'Have you really moved on from being Mormon?' Trudy asked, returning the subject to Norm's lost faith.
Hester wondered if she would get anywhere with them today, with Trudy leaping between subjects.
'Not being Mormon does not necessarily make one a drinker, Trudy. I just have a momentary need to enjoy a few sips.'
'You've succumbed to temptation, in other words,' she replied.
He smiled, kindly. 'That would suggest I have been tempted and I have not. I just want a small glass of wine. Simple.'
'Norm does not need to justify himself to you or anyone else, Trudy,' Meera said.
Trudy shrugged. Hester hoped she would now just sit quietly and listen.
Meera spoke again. 'The problem I see is that Percy is not a happy man. He hangs onto his grief as a means of holding onto his wife, this is obvious. Beneath the divinity of any prophet is a mere human, after all. I feel there is an example to be made here, but I cannot think of one. Something to illustrate my meaning. Trudy?'
Hester startled. 'No! Do carry on, Meera. We do not need to draw comparisons to understand your meaning.' The last thing she wanted was for Trudy to start coming up with metaphors. It would set Norman off and then they would get nowhere. She wanted to settle on a plan of action.
'This grief makes him grumpy,' Meera continued. 'If we make him happy, he might start being proactive; be the person we know he is. But so hard to make him laugh, lah. I made him smile when I told him I used the avocado from my lunch wrap as a beauty treatment, so it is possible.'
Hester placed her glass on the table and stabbed an olive. 'You are right. If he was sunnier then he might want to shine a little of himself onto others.' And here was the sought-after simile, she realised, hoping no one would notice. Ordinarily, these were little gems believers fed upon, but today she couldn't make time for parallels, only facts. 'What would make him happy? What would make him think, I am happy to have friends? What might make him think, I want to help my friends? Be there for those in need?'
'Going back to the subject of children again,' Trudy said, apologetically, 'I am sure if Percy had ever had any himself, then he would find it easier to take on a more vocal role.' She looked from Meera to Hester, both without children, but Trudy's gaze settled on another. 'I hear you will know how it feels to be a father, Norman. Congratulations. A great surprise to us all. A wonderful surprise, of course.'
'Ah yes,' Hester cooed, 'if only that baby were due sooner, I am sure it would soften the heart of our rather toughened leader. You should have put in your surprise performance sooner, Norman.'
Norm said nothing, and smiled meekly. Hester thought his face had the look of a man keeping a secret.
5. TREE TOP WALK
One thing Percy enjoyed about Singapore from the moment he arrived was its lush greenery. The island had been developed according to its iconic founding father's wishes. As a young man, the late Lee Kwan Yew had spent time enjoying the many parks of London, and wanted the newly emerged country of Singapore to be green, too. His plan had exceeded itself. So with at least two million planted trees and many more wild ones spread thickly across the island, when it came to nature trekking, Percy was an unusually contented man. 
He was also quite pleased to find the pavements of the city always free from the grey round circles of squashed chewing-gum, and strewn litter. In the short time between arriving in Singapore and Sal leaving him, Percy had remarked to her that the autocratic nature of the place worked very well. She had scowled back, fiercely, snapping that she did not understand him. One moment he was moaning about anything and everything and didn't want anyone telling him what to do, and the next he was casually appreciating authoritarian rule over a bottle of Tiger beer. He'd sighed and wondered if she would ever be nice to him again.
Percy tended to walk alone, though sometimes invited his friend, Phrike, to join him. Phrike was a man-mountain with a love of natural history to match Percy's. He didn't chatter when silence was required, or lose interest in what they were doing. Phrike, like Percy, was rather cool and hard to know, and so they appreciated each other. 
*
It was with Phrike that Percy had chosen to trek the MacRitchie Reservoir Park tree-top walkway, unexplored by either; the wider reserve, a favourite of both. After meeting reasonably early, the two men had taken a taxi to a start point. They had not yet reached the suspension bridge when Phrike asked Percy about Following. It was a good stretch of the route in which to talk, the stony footpath running briefly alongside a quiet road and so not likely to yield an unusual sighting, though Percy had already learned wildlife had a habit of popping up in the most unusual places.
'Meera said you've been to that temple at Hester's house a few times.'
'Still seeing Meera then?' Percy said. 
'She's a friend, yes.'
Percy knew Phrike would never admit to more, though it was plain to everyone what was going on. Whether or not it was plain to Phrike's wife was another matter.
'What's going on Perc? You don't believe in all that crap, do you?'
'No. I just… I dunno. It's better than doing nothing.'
'Better than this?'
'I can't do this twenty-four seven. Just as I can't swim all day every day, or afford to drink all day every day.'
'Get a job.'
'You sound like Sal.'
'It might not be something very special, but it would get you out of the house. Give you a sense of worth. Of purpose.'
'I like being worthless.'
Percy did not want to admit that the thought of doing any old job in Singapore, assuming he could find something, felt to be a worse prospect than finding entertainment in the temple room. Recently, he'd again begun to wonder if he should return to England, as Sal so obviously wanted. But every time he properly studied the idea only one conclusion ever formed: the fact that she wanted him to go so badly made him doubly determined to stay.
'You're a kept man, Perc. Can't feel good. You'll be getting a pair of pretend tits next.'
From anyone else, save perhaps his other close friend, Art, this statement would have caused Percy to bristle. He had never considered Sal's financial support demeaning, for leaving his job in England so she could pursue her career in Singapore whilst hopefully rescuing their marriage, was a logical move. He did not need to be the breadwinner, and not because he had never, ever, earned more than her; rather, he did not care.
He relied on Sal less than he had, of course. Members of Following were very keen to support him, buying meals and drinks, occasionally sending him an interesting food parcel or two. In no small way, this generosity of affection helped him manage his pride, whilst blinkering him to the reality that Sal not only held the purse strings, but all the cards. Occasionally, he did peek out of his increasingly cosseted world and notice that he survived on her goodwill. It was only an occasional peek because it made him uneasy.
'Doesn't it bother you?' Phrike pressed, as they scrambled down a particularly rocky drop in the narrow path.
'Should it?'
'It would bother me. Where's the power?'
'What power? I never had any power, mate. She was a fucking tyrant.' Walking ahead of Phrike, Percy pulled out his water bottle and drank. 'And,' he added, when he had finished, 'we're not all stuck in the dark ages.'
'Wanting to support yourself is hardly being stuck in the dark ages.' Phrike stopped and got a drink from his rucksack. 'It's so fucking hot. I wish it would rain.' He wiped the sweat from his face and neck with a handkerchief.
'Forecast for later today.'
'Good. It's killing me.' Phrike blew his nose in the handkerchief, before stuffing it into his pocket. 'Meera hates me doing that.' He laughed as he did it. 'Says it's gross. I guess she owes you, Perc.' They set off once more. 'That's one way of looking at it.'
'If you mean Sal, then yes, that is definitely one way of looking at it. One way that she chooses not to. The path goes back in here, mate, through that gap.' This was the cue to quieten down and start looking for wildlife in earnest.
The length of the roadside path had been shaded by overhanging branches, and so it did not feel any cooler amongst the trees, though the light changed, taking on a darker, greenish, hue. Percy was glad to be away from the road. It was an unusual stretch and exceptionally quiet, but hadn't made the process of walking as pleasant as usual. Despite its man-made tracks, the jungle, in contrast, felt special.
'I wonder if we'll see any monkeys,' Phrike said, quietly.
'God, I hope not,' Percy replied, equally quietly. 'I can't stand the thieving little bastards.' He thought back to his first trek through the park, when he had been robbed of his rucksack at tooth point, while his water bottle was pick-pocketed from behind, in a professional operation.
'Hey. Was that thunder?' Phrike asked, almost whispering.
Percy heard only the vague rustle of something moving away. 'I don't think so. It's forecast for late this afternoon. We'll be in The Tired Turtle by then.' He pictured them both sitting beneath the awning with two beers, watching sheets of rain distort Sixth Avenue, legs agreeably weary.
'I don't fancy getting caught in here in a storm. Not under these trees.'
Percy was surprised. 'Really? It would be brilliant. Imagine it. Being soaked with rain.' Not one part of him was free from sweat, it was so hot.
'Oh yeah? You fancy being flattened by falling branches and struck by lightning, rather than go home for a shower?' Phrike stopped. 'Over there. See? What's that? On that log?'
Percy peered in the direction of Phrike's pointed finger. 'It's a leaf,' he said.
'Damn, thought it was a lizard. I've seen a clouded monitor at MacRitchie before.'
'On a log?'
'No. On the ground, actually. Beautiful creature. There! Hear it, Perc? That was thunder.'
This time Percy did hear it, a distant rumbling, long and low. His back tingled, as hairs stood up from anticipation. It was likely to be a huge event, and even if they turned back, they might not escape it. 'How far to the bridge, do you think?'
Phrike checked their position on his phone. 'It's not more than a kilometre. Then quite a walk after that, to get to the main entrance. You thinking about the storm?'
Percy nodded. 'Let's press on as planned, and at least get across the bridge before it hits. It'll rumble like that for ages. And you know how these storms can be; it might miss us completely.'
Phrike agreed and they forged ahead, but the character of the walk had changed. They no longer looked about, quietly seeking out snakes and other wild animals, but instead marched at a good pace, giving time over to talking about other storms they had encountered. Phrike's favourite was one where he'd witnessed a lightning strike, and Percy's when the contents of his house had been turned upside down with a blast of wind through open windows. 
Before long, they spotted a signpost for the bridge. A short time later, Percy and Phrike were gazing at the largest and most inconvenient troop of macaques either had ever seen bunched together. Spanning the tree-filled valley, the narrow bridge stretched out behind a carpet of hunched shoulders. Those monkeys not on the ground, covered the handrails.
'It's a female group,' Phrike observed, 'see the juveniles. And look there, babies.'
'Hmmm.' Percy could only make a noise. He refused to say out loud what he was thinking, which was to go back the way they had come. He was not afraid, but disliked the way the animals stared at him; the determination in their eyes suggestive of a refusal to move aside. He was thankful that, unlike his first encounter, he had heeded park regulations and did not have any contraband to tempt an assault. Then he remembered Phrike's crumby habit of pocketing his snacks. 
'You don't have any biscuits in your pocket, do you?' 
Phrike shook his head. 'Hungry?'
'Fuck off! That's gross. Monkeys.'
 'They can have the hanky. Come on. Let's get across before the storm comes any closer. There's a ranger sitting in that little box there. He might shut the bridge. I'd like to do it, as we're here.'
'Fine. I'll go first,' Percy said, thinking he'd rather know what was ahead of him than not know what was behind.
Slowly, the pair eased past the clustering monkeys. None took any notice of the men, instead going about their business as if the giant hairless apes were not there. Percy felt himself relax.
'See those?' he said to Phrike. The trunk of one of the tallest trees, reaching from the valley floor to above the bridge, was dotted with holes. Overall, the valley was smaller than Percy had expected, the ground closer. But it was a pleasingly wild area, and the bridge was set high enough that he could look down on the few birds moving around.
'Carpenter bees, I expect,' Phrike informed him. 'They excavate wood for nesting.'
Percy was pleased. It always satisfied him to spot something new. He had not thought about the name of these blue-black giants before; never considering why the handsome bee he saw every day, feeding along the path outside his house, had been given such a practical title. 
'Argh! Monkeys ahead,' Phrike announced, looking around Percy. 'Looks like a bachelor group from here. There are lots gathered around the exit. Look at that; right along the handrail.'
'Perfect,' Percy said, with a sigh. 'Exactly what I needed. A bachelor party.'
'No way back, Perc, the bridge is one way. Did you see? The gate won't open from this direction. We'll have to run the gauntlet. They'll be alright, I expect. Ladies were fine, weren't they.' Phrike, who had taken off his backpack ready to swipe at the females, tightened his grip on the strap.
'Yup. But the females weren't males, were they? Males are total bastards rather than just plain bastards.' Percy decided not to use his pack as a weapon, instead securing it onto himself after checking the zips.
'If you're afraid…?' Phrike said, implying he'd go first.
Percy raised his hands, 'No. Not afraid. They just make everything less pleasant than it might be, that's all. Like the school bully, you know? The guy who's always lurking but not actually picking on you directly. A bad smell. That's how I feel about monkeys.'
The clanking sound of a closing gate came from behind. Percy turned to see three young women on the bridge. One was pointing, and as they drew closer he realised she was pointing at him. The three nodded and smiled. He did not need to ask to know that they were members of Following. He did not want any kind of conversation with them in front of Phrike.
'I'll shoo the little shits away,' Percy declared, speeding up..
'I wouldn't do that, mate. You might provoke them. Just walk past, like we did back there.'
'Fine, but let's get moving, yeah? The sooner we're through the sooner we can relax. There's one good thing, I suppose. At least with them all gathered around the bridge the rest of the walk should be pretty much monkey-free. They can stay here. We can stay over there.' As Percy was speaking, he was gesturing with his hands, holding them high and pressing them forwards sharply, indicating the jungle beyond.
At that precise moment, lightning flashed and thunder crashed overhead, so powerful that the bridge shook beneath their feet. Ahead of them, the male monkeys scattered; behind, a ranger shouted for them to hurry off; between, the young women stared at Percy. Percy looked to Phrike who was murmuring about it being a close thing, while slinging his bag onto his back. A strange feeling was stirring on Percy's skin. The hair on his head was rising, long strands of unkempt mop lifting skywards. This was nothing like the sensation of anticipation, or fear. This was static energy. He broke into a sprint, racing along as fast as he could, closely followed by a laughing Phrike. Amongst the trees and away from the bridge, Percy threw himself down onto what had become boardwalk. Phrike copied. 
'What the hell?' he puffed, between pants and chuckles.
'My hair! I got freaked out.'
Just then a flash of lightning tore through the sky above, a huge crackle of thunder bursting simultaneously. The two men flinched.
'We might as well keep walking,' Phrike said, when the noise eventually petered out. 'We're in the thick of it anyway. It's just as likely we'll be struck wherever we are. Same same, Perc.'
With a sense of unexpected adventure and a large degree of apprehension, Percy got to his feet and set off with his friend, thoughts far from the wildlife they had come to see. A breeze picked up, shifting his long hair, this time not igniting any urge to flee. A few heavy drops of rain started patting the dry forest floor; a quiet sound at first, but one that grew, separate notes joining up to create a rising roar. Moments later, when the full deluge hit, there was nothing Percy could do but marvel at the ferocity of it all. The change was rapid; one moment the jungle was thirsty and the next it was drowning, the steep wall of rain so defined that Percy had watched it moving towards them. 
As they forged ahead, paths turned to streams, rushing far more than ankle deep in places. The two were not hurrying but not lingering either. Despite the tepidity of the rain, Percy was feeling cold for the first time since moving to Singapore, excluding the cinema. The refreshing shower he had looked upon with a romantic's eye was set to chill him to the bone, for there was more than an hour of walking ahead, even cutting it short. From the little he could sense of the world beyond MacRitchie, the sky was nothing but storm, plummeting rain drenching the island corner to corner. They talked about moving faster, running perhaps, but Percy chose to keep his stride a steady one. No longer a fit man, Percy knew he would struggle to maintain a better pace, though the effort might have warmed him a little. The fact was, he was content to be trapped in this new situation; happily uncomfortable.
They had been walking for fifteen minutes when the three young women from the bridge came scurrying by. Soaked to the skin, their thin clothing was clinging and see-through. Percy smiled when they waved. He knew what they thought of him, what they all thought of him, and so when the shapeliest of the three called her thanks for scaring away the macaques, his smile grew ever wider.
6. PRAISE PERCY
'Thank you for coming,' Percy began. 'I understand that some of you would like to hear more from me.' Percy licked his lips and wiped his mouth between forefinger and thumb, and Norm thought he looked like a man who had just eaten a good meal. Perhaps he had. It was no secret that he took what was offered to him, and always with great grace. His rounding stomach suggested he was perhaps agreeing to break bread a little too often.
Norm listened. Whatever Hester had said to Percy had started to work. She'd been keen on Meera's idea of cheering him up, so perhaps she had somehow managed to do it.
'I want to thank you all for coming,' Percy repeated, before pausing. He seemed to be thinking, and when eventually he continued, he began to tell a story. Norm was pleased. He enjoyed these simple tales; parables, as some he knew might call them. It was a way of thinking that was familiar to him. Trying to accept that by telling everyone to bugger off and leave him alone, Percy specifically meant for them to go away, had been a harder thing to understand.
Percy was quite different now from when Norm first met him. Then, he had been reasonably slim with a small paunch, his hair short and face clean shaven. Now, not only was he fatter, his hair was much longer and his chin stubbly. Norm liked it. It was rough around the edges; an attractive contrast to his own groomed and crafted appearance.
The tale was one of a father threatening to take a child's dog and give it away if the child did not behave. The child persisted in his bad behaviour and so the father took the dog and hid it. At first the child was angry, and refused to comply or apologise for his behaviour. Then he became distraught, at last more worried for his pet than his pride. But in the meantime, the dog had escaped and been killed by a car. 
At this, a sad sigh rippled through the congregation.
Already, Norm was wondering what kind of parent would do such a thing. Certainly, this was not the father he intended to be, though exactly what punishment would be relevant he couldn't decide. Perhaps there was none. He waited to hear what lesson the boy would learn. 
Percy continued. 'On discovering the death of the dog, the boy's father was filled with regret for having hidden the dog in the first place.'
Ah, thought Norm, the tale is about the father and not the son. 
'Concerned his son would blame him for the death, the father set about finding an identical dog as a replacement. This way, he would not have to confess. This task should not have been too hard,' Percy said, eyebrows raised, 'since the dog was of a type that always looked much the same: white. The man searched high and low, travelling the length and breadth of the country, but there was no match to be found.'
Norm was enthralled. Where was this story going? Shouldn't the father be more concerned that his son might be end up blaming himself for his beloved dog's demise, rather than blaming his dad? He was a selfish man, indeed, if he really was thinking only of himself. This was a tricky tale to unpick. Percy's stories were always challenging, as it was never clear who was good and who was bad. Norm supposed this was the point. 
A voice broke through the sermon. 'Would the idiot who has blocked the entrance to my driveway please move their car. I want to go out.' Hester's husband lingered in the doorway barely long enough to finish his sentence.
Norm was disappointed the flow was broken, and could see from the expression on Hester's face that she was livid. It was no secret that her husband's dislike of Following had grown, but his rudeness was unforgivable. He'd once accused them of inflicting their beliefs on him by invading his home. The man hadn't said it to the group directly, of course; it had filtered back through gossip and then via Trudy. As far as Norm was concerned, he had just inflicted his own views upon them, by being disrespectful.
A beautifully groomed young Singaporean man rose from the floor and made for the door, quietly apologising as he went. While he was gone, Percy suspended proceedings and went outside for a break. Though tempted to follow, Norm remained where he was, cross-legged on the floor. He hoped the delay wouldn't be too long, since Verity was expecting him home. They had an appointment; a check up on the baby and on the mother-to-be herself.
'Where do you think the story is headed?' asked the young woman sitting next to him. She was clearly an expat; a young, pierced, American, with long dreadlocked hair, and altogether too clean and fresh for the image she'd crafted.
'Hard to tell. What do you think?'
'I have no idea. I guess we will have to think on when he's done. That seems to be the usual thing. Great that he's talking more, don't you think?'
Norm smiled. In such a short time, so many people had come to see Percy in the way that he had viewed him from the outset, and it gave him enormous pleasure. He found no satisfaction in being right, only joy in sharing what was spotted so early on. Time spent trailing his hero through the Botanic Gardens whilst wrestling with his feelings seemed further in the past than it was. He hoped Percy looked back upon those earlier days with as much delight, and recalled their first meeting on the Rainforest boardwalk with the same warmth.
The owner of the offending vehicle apologised yet again as he re-entered the temple room. He sat down and folded his hands in his lap. Before too long, Percy returned.
'As I was saying,' he said, walking in, 'the boy's dog was dead and his father was unable to replace it. He searched everywhere for one but none could be found.'
Privately, Norm speculated that the next line would be something to do with admitting mistakes, both father and son. It was not.
'So here is my question to you all,' Percy said, 'what did the father do next, to make everything right?'
Silence ensued, as all waited for Percy to answer his own question.
After some time, a voice asked, 'Do you actually want us to answer it?' 
'Yes. I want you to answer it.'
'Now?'
'If you have something to say, then by all means share it.'
Heads turned, as the devoted looked to one another. 
'The father could buy a different coloured dog and dye it white,' one person offered.
'You can't bleach a dog!' someone else retorted. 'And what message would that send anyone? That would say cheating is not a bad thing.'
'It's not real,' came the level reply. 
Percy coughed, and they all fell silent. 'By tomorrow, please,' he said, before sweeping from the room.
This time, Norm followed him, while Hester prevented anyone else from doing the same. 'I'll be along when they have all gone,' she said. 'Get Davina to make you a drink.'
But Norm did not want a drink. He wanted to speak with Percy about his story, and then go home. Everything had ended sooner than expected, but even so, time was tight.
Outside, Percy was sitting in one of the easy chairs, face turned to the garden. In his loose, long sleeved, white linen shirt and soft grey linen trousers, he looked beautiful, Norm thought; everything a man in his position should be. Norm quietly took a seat on the sofa, as Percy continued to gaze at some unseen thing.
'Hello Norm,' he said, without turning.
'Percy,' Norm replied, with a small nod. 'I enjoyed the sermon. Quite different to have an actual question asked of us.'
Percy looked at him, 'You think?'
'Yes.'
'And do you have an answer?'
'That's what I wanted to talk to you about. I don't have long. I can't find an answer because I have too many questions about why the man made the choice he did in the first place.'
'Go on.'
'It was selfish.'
'Was it?'
'Of course. Wasn't it?'
Percy looked away. 'So, what should he do? We could sit here and talk for hours about what was right and what was wrong, but it won't change the outcome, Norm. The mess is created already.'
Norm supposed Percy's story was in fact a reflection of life in general. Good or bad initial decision, any outcome was not necessarily a reflection of that starting point. It was bad that a man other than himself was the father of his wife's baby, but it was good that she was pregnant by someone carrying the gift of divinity. Another gift was that she was pregnant at all, now he knew he could never biologically father a child. He stood up and made to leave.
'So?' Percy said, not looking back, but instead slouching further into the cushions of the chair. 'What should he do?'
'The part that trapped the father into this terrible dilemma was his extreme reaction in the first place,' Norm replied. 'He should probably make an opposing move and buy the child another dog, a puppy, and accept he was wrong to lead the boy to think his own had been given away.'
'And admit everything?'
'Not necessarily. The truth can be rather cruel. I look forward to hearing more tomorrow. Enjoy the peace, Percy. Hester's garden is lovely.'
7. AND THE WORD WAS GLUTEN
Sitting in a French restaurant with Hester, Trudy, Meera and Phrike, Percy was frustrated. 
He would need to ask what items on the menu were gluten-free, which he already hated doing. He could only hope he wouldn't get the reaction he got from less sophisticated kitchens, where it was assumed he was talking about glutinous rice. Bloody glutinous rice, he thought. He could eat that; he didn't care about that!
Until tonight, Percy had told no one in Singapore of the change in his life. When his friend, Art, had foisted his sister and her demonic daughter upon him, none could have predicted the consequences of that visit. The sister had nagged him so firmly about getting to the bottom of his upset stomach that the idea wedged itself in his brain as a worry. Several missed medical appointments later, some blood tests and a biopsy, and it was confirmed, Percy was coeliac. He could not eat gluten. He chose to view it more as should not, though he dared not eat even a little, for fear of what might happen.
Whether he could blame every sore tummy and runny bum on it, he wasn't sure. But it did go some way towards explaining why stout made its way out of his body within a few short hours of drinking it, in virtually the same state it went in. And why increasingly he'd craved toast to ease the upset. Art's sister, via an email from Art, informed Percy that her friend was also driven to eat exactly the food she shouldn't, before finding out what was wrong. Percy was reminded of the tiny parasite making snails suicidal, urging their shelled hosts to climb high enough for birds to spot and so easy to eat, but could make no connection between this and gluten. What advantage did gluten gain by being flushed down the toilet? This new habit of always drawing comparisons he blamed on Following. They were always at it and now so was he; perhaps here was another example of a parasite spreading itself by altering others' behaviour.
His waist had thickened since starting the diet. A dietician warned him it might, saying as an undiagnosed coeliac he was probably over-eating, mainly due to lack of nutrients but also the sense of getting away with it. This, Percy had to concede, was likely; he could eat and eat, drink and drink, and very little changed, save some mild weight loss after a bout of diarrhoea. He would have to take stock, the patronising expert told him, and form more modest habits. Percy had done no such thing, instead eating the meals bought for him with relish. 
Some old pleasures did not challenge his new way of being, such as Hainanese chicken rice from a hawker stall, minus the dark soy sauce accompaniment, or banana leaf curry from Little India, minus the side order of naan bread. One thing, however, posed an enormous problem: beer. A mournful Art reassured Percy that bottled gluten-free beer existed in UK supermarkets; as a concerned friend, he'd gone straight out to check. But the same exercise revealed there was none available in Singapore. Percy was faced with a beer drought, and even when he finally moved back to England, he would be forced to accept that he might never drink 'craft' ale again. It was a terrible blow. Still, he was trying very hard to make up for it by drinking more wine.
Seeming almost as bothered by his battle with gluten as the man himself, were those sitting around the table. Percy was struck by their concern, and the pity offered did not especially offend him, as pity often did. Hester was the most practical, pointing out that it wasn't a serious allergy like peanuts, so he wasn't likely to keel over and die at any given moment, thank God.
'It's not an allergy,' Percy corrected. 'It's an auto immune disease.'
'What's the difference?' she asked.
He said he didn't know. No one else seemed to know, either.
Trudy was very interested, 'Gosh. They tested everything, did they? Your faeces, and blood?'
'Faeces?' Percy grimaced. 'Faeces? No, they did not. Good God, Trudy, we're about to eat. I hope.'
'But your blood? What were they testing for?'
'Signs of life,' Hester muttered.
'I'm not sure, exactly,' Percy said, ignoring his elderly friend, and the small smile on her face.
Trudy sighed. 'It's tricky. Wheat is in everything these days.'
Percy opened his mouth to explain that gluten wasn't found only in wheat, and that it wasn't a wheat thing, as such, but he stopped himself. He had said it five times that day already.
Meera politely asked a nearby waiter if the restaurant offered a gluten-free menu, and he produced one very quickly. Percy saw the sparkle in her eye as Phrike smiled at her, appreciatively. 'It helps to ask, Percy,' she said.
He took the menu, a small shred of dirty paper, it seemed, compared to the grand leather-bound folders the others were browsing. He held it between forefinger and thumb. So, coeliac meant second class, did it? He glanced at the choices available, finding boiled potatoes a common theme. Perhaps a smarter French restaurant would have more to offer. He was not looking forward to the gluten-free journey ahead; to the time spent pinning down exactly what, where, and in which form, any given food might be available to him. Gluten was in food, on food and poured over food; it seemed hard to escape, yet escape it he must.
'I'd rather be fucking vegan,' he muttered. 'Can I see the proper menu?'
'What's the point?' Trudy asked, handing it to him anyway.
He opened it and instantly saw three things he wanted to eat that were not listed on the scrap of paper, including French fries. He also noticed snails were listed, but with thoughts of being driven to his death in mind he decided against them. He called the waiter, and asked him why thin strips of potato cooked in boiling oil were not gluten-free. Why oven baked snails were not gluten-free would have to wait until next time, assuming there was one.
'Our fries are cooked in the same oil as gluten-containing ingredients. Apologies. The boiled potatoes are very good, though.'
Percy felt himself growing hot with anger, so annoyed with the injustice of it all that he was close to forgetting a private pledge to be patient, at least until he got a handle on it all himself. With effort, he maintained his dignity. Asking if the potatoes were also boiled in the same water as gluten-containing ingredients, remained an unspoken retort.
'I could ask the kitchen to make you some other sort of potato?' 
Crisps? He did not say it, partly because of his determination to remain dignified and partly because he thought the waiter might not know what was meant. The beautiful Kiwi novelist, Kristen, whose company he'd never been free to enjoy but missed regardless, had looked at him as if he was an idiot when he'd said it. 
'Chups,' she had said, 'is thit what you mean?'
He had pointed out that chips were sticks of deep fried potato.
'Yeah, those are hot chups,' she'd replied, matter-of-factly.
 Anyone else denying the great British crisp or chip their true identity, and he would have felt nothing by contempt. With Kristen, he only ever felt a fool. 
'Chef can make anything you want,' the waiter went on.
Percy's hopes rose. 'That would be good. Dauphinoise, or gratin perhaps?'
'They both contain dairy.'
'Yes. I know.'
'You said you were…'
Percy cut him off. 'Coeliac. Yes. I know. I am. It's not dairy. It's gluten. You know… wheat…' He hated saying the word, but it was either wheat or kill the waiter. This was not the first time his diet had been lumped in with a different one and he'd only been diagnosed for one week.
'I see. I will check with chef.'
Percy scowled as the waiter walked away. Having claimed chef could make anything, what exactly was he asking? Was he confirming that Percy was correct about his own diet? He wished he had stayed at home. To his great surprise, his maid, The Kraken, completely understood what gluten-free meant, and had made him several very pleasant dishes, plus a disgusting one, which he had left in the sink for her to find.
'You'll get used to it, Perc,' Phrike said. 'I'm sorry about it, though.'
'It's better to miss out on a few things and feel well and be healthy,' Hester added. 'I do sympathise, Percy. I am also having to make certain adjustments and it isn't easy. In time, I am sure everyone will have a better understanding of the whole gluten thing. I doubt there was a special menu for people like you, even a few short years ago. Imagine how much further on things will be in years to come. It is for life?'
'Brilliant. Thanks for that, Hester. Yes, it is.'
'Maybe they will be able to cure it one day?' Meera said.
'I bloody hope so,' he grumbled, ignoring Meera's generic use of the word they, which always aggravated him, whoever said it. Who were they exactly? They seemed to be multitalented in their potential, able to live on Mars, solve climate change, cure all cancers, prevent general injustice and now, according to Meera, stop him from being coeliac. 'Shall we order another bottle of wine?' he said.
'Is that one gone already?' Hester gasped.
'Yes,' Percy said. 'It is.'
While Percy tried to catch a member of staff's attention, the other four began chatting about matters other than Percy's annoying diet. Hester started by admiring their surroundings, saying she thought the place was much smarter than she had imagined it to be. 
They were sitting in an outside covered section of a popular restaurant in Dempsey Hill, an area favoured by expats and affluent locals alike, and every table was taken. The atmosphere was one of chatter and laughter, which fitted perfectly since the reason for the gathering was a celebration. Hester said they should all go out together and take time to reflect happily on the growing faith, without the distraction of new members. 
On arrival, even before she had spoken, Percy had observed her displeasure at the sight of Meera turning up on the arm of Phrike, a Following outsider, and a man who would never subscribe to such a thing.
'Can't those two go anywhere alone?' she'd hissed. 'They're attached at the hip. Goodness knows how Meera fits in the bed between him and his wife.'
Percy had said nothing, but Trudy was quick to react. 'Maybe they are just friends?'
Hester grunted. 'I doubt that. She's a lovely girl but I think she is letting herself down with that one. I cannot imagine what on earth she sees in him, the great lump. He's twice her size and twice her age.'
Percy had felt no compulsion to react. Phrike was indeed a great lump. He was big and strong, his closely cropped hair and khaki clothes making him look as a retired serviceman; a subtle yet steely manner lending itself to an elite soldier. Percy had always liked him and felt Phrike was a good man, his mysterious ways never provoking too much thought. Percy chose never to review the Meera thing. He did not want to judge something of which he knew nothing, and to even contemplate it could be dangerous; as a husband betrayed, it may not be too great a leap to feel angry.
'Have you been here before?' Hester asked Trudy.
'Yes, that's why I thought we should come. My husband and I eat here quite often. It's easy and the food is usually very nice. It's a shame Norman couldn't make it. I think he likes it here, too.'
'He's enjoying cosy nights in with his wife at the moment,' Hester said, 'browsing baby things online, I imagine. I mean, who would have thought it? Norman Sullivan making babies?'
'It did come as a shock,' Meera admitted, 'I did not expect my only gay friend not to be.'
'Not to be?' enquired Hester.
'Gay.'
'I don't think this means he isn't gay, Meera. Not everything is black and white. Percy, he is a friend of yours. Were you surprised to learn Verity was pregnant?'
He stared at Hester for a moment. It was bad enough that someone had raised the subject, without forcing him to express an opinion. 'Yes,' he said, after a few moments, 'I was… ah… about time. Here is the waiter bringing the bad news.'
The waiter was walking purposefully, and when he stopped next to Percy he clasped his hands together and bent over a little, making Percy wonder if he were about to suggest he follow him to the kitchen to make cookies. Gluten-free, of course. 
'I have spoken with chef and he says you can have dairy.'
'Yes. I know.'
'But the gratin has breadcrumbs on it, and there is no dauphinoise left.'
'Make some.'
'Pardon?'
'Make some. You said chef would make me something. I want dauphinoise.' 
'I will go and ask him, sir, and then I will take your orders.'
When the waiter had gone, Hester huffed a little. 'He could have taken our orders right now. At this rate, we might as well ask if there is a breakfast menu. Dear God, imagine if there is a gluten-free one.'
Percy sighed. There was a point to be made at this restaurant, but equally, he, like his companions, was starving. When the waiter returned saying he could have dauphinoise but it would be forty-five minutes, Percy declared it was too long.
'Then may I offer you boiled potatoes, sir?'
'What? No. You may not. Just get me some bread.'
'Of course.'
'Stop. I can't have bread.'
'Of course. Perhaps nothing? We could add some extra green beans.'
'I haven't chosen yet. I might not want beans.'
'Then may I recommend the risotto? There is some cream and cheese in it, however.'
Percy felt like fainting. 
Fortunately, Phrike did not. 'One risotto for him and another for me, please. I'll take a side of boiled potatoes. And another bottle of that wine there. Cheers.'
8. CONCENTRATE
Hester had not needed to create a miracle for some time, and she was glad. What she enjoyed most was a subtler form of manipulation, the gentle patting of a person's view this way or that, rather than acting as director and staging a scene, or telling specific lies too often. The problem with repeatedly creating similar falsehoods was the risk of arousing suspicion. This theory had never been proven, but she strongly suspected being rumbled would be the outcome of such laziness. 
Miracles were being reported far and wide, and she made certain to pass on what she heard. For now, it was vital she kept things fresh and moving; this was no time for resting on one's laurels. Percy never spoke of miracles, she noticed, and always walked away when asked about these special events directly. This interested Hester very much. Here was a man willing to be viewed as prophet of a god he plainly did not believe in, by a cult he did not create, and his terms remained unspoken. She had worked out what these conditions might be fairly easily. Free food, flowing wine, and no specific involvement in Following other than speaking. The chink she had been looking for had come not as empathy but loneliness, sprinkled with greed. It was a pity, she thought, as this was a far more difficult platform from which to shift Percy from acceptor to genuine believer. She still reeled with pleasure at the thought of it, the possibility that she might take a man and convince him he had the ear of God; that he was the mouth of God. This change seemed a long way off; that was, until today.
Sitting on a beach towel in the shade of a palm tree, leaning back on a heavy bag, Hester was thinking that it might be time to change for dinner. The golden sand radiated the powerful heat of the day, a day she thought might end in rain despite the unbroken sunshine. Across the water, between the island on which she was sitting and mainland Malaysia, darkness fell in streaks; a storm pressing across the sea. She reached for her wine, glass standing on the hard cover of a book, and was disappointed to find it was warm. Perhaps it really was time to get ready. She looked about and realised she would have to wait. She needed someone to help her up.
The break so far had been wonderful. She had not considered whether or not she would travel again in her life until the trip was proposed by Meera. Only then did she stop and think, really take time to consider that she was wandering towards death without any regret for those places she would never see. But equally, she had travelled far and wide, so what regret could there be?
They had taken four huts between them. Hester and Trudy were staying together, so Trudy could be on hand, since the beds were set rather low. Phrike had one hut to himself, as did Meera; Percy and Norm were sharing. The idea was a throw-back, a past idea Meera had suggested to Percy, resurrected. But rather than Redang, as she originally wanted, they had chosen the island of Rawa, because Trudy had spoken with Norm about it, independently. In a very short time, Trudy had come to believe that the entire idea was her own.
Hester remembered Percy's face when the island was suggested. It had taken on the most peculiar grimace as he fished about in his memory. Rawa? Rawa? Rawa. Rawa! Rawa was the name of Art's dog, he'd cried. This was the island Percy's friend Art and his wife had apparently visited some years before. Hester was pleased, for all connections had the potential to create meaning, and she was determined Percy would leave the island slipping, if nor hurtling, towards belief. 
'You okay there?' Phrike asked, as he and Meera sat down on the sand next to her.
'I was just thinking about going back and changing for dinner. I might need a hand up, if you would be so kind.' She smiled at Phrike, though it wasn't meant. A man with his mistress was not all she saw when she looked at him, because to be that particular man meant he was a very different breed of liar than she was, one she did not like. 'Thank you very much. If you could hand me my bag, I'll be fine.'
'We are going the same way,' Meera said, taking her arm as Phrike picked up her things, carefully retrieving the glass.
'Chuck that. It's warm,' Hester said, as she started to walk. 
Trudy had brought Hester the drink en route to snorkelling the clear, warm, waters. The reef, she'd informed Hester, ran close to shore so it was an easy one to explore. She hadn't asked Hester to join her. For some time, Hester had been aware that there were many things she was no longer invited to do. This was what happened when one was perceived as old, she knew. Had Trudy found the good manners to ask, Hester would've declined anyway. The prospect of undressing in order to drift about with her face in the sea while the sun burned her back was not in the least appealing.
The soft sand was difficult to move across, so she was grateful for Meera's assistance, though refrained from saying so. Meera looked stunning, she thought, without envy. The whiteness of her bikini was stark against her dark smooth skin, and her curves would likely have every man on the island keen to spot her each morning. Why did such a beautiful young woman settle for that great lump, Hester wondered? She shrugged a mental shrug. It couldn't possibly be serious. Perhaps it was the sex. Did she ever think of his wife? Hester sneaked a look at Phrike. Did he ever wear anything other than khaki?
'It's been a wonderful couple of days,' Meera said. 'Pity, lah, to be going home in two more.'
'Pessimist!' Hester cried. 'We're only half way through.'
'We might see if we can stay on, if there is anything free,' Phrike said. 'Vacancies, I mean.'
Hester ignored him.
*
Percy was propping up the bar and had been there for some time. Unlike everyone else in his party, he was not looking forward to dinner, since eating out had lost its appeal. The tiny island served only buffet style food with limited labelling and he was fed up of asking which dishes he could eat.
He was sipping his fourth margarita when Trudy arrived with Norm, both looking tanned after a day spent snorkelling and sunbathing. With sea and sand washed away, each looked fresh and ready for the evening ahead. Norm took the bar stool next to Percy's and ordered a lemonade.
'What can I get you, Trudy?' Norman asked.
'Percy's margarita looks good. One of those please.'
'And you, Percy? Same again?'
Percy nodded, whilst wondering whether a series of cocktails, taken one after the other, was perhaps not a very good idea. He'd been feeling dehydrated and knew the first two had slipped down his throat a little too easily because of it. The third was ordered to savour, the fourth because he could. Now there was a fifth.
It had been a pleasurable hour, with no interruptions from anyone. At home, Percy had grown so used to people wanting his attention that he had begun to desensitise to it, no longer feeling the pressure of rage building inside as he ached for them to go away. But it was good to be alone again, to be reminded of what it meant to need only of oneself for company. And he'd needed to think, an act that was becoming more challenging with every salty sip. 
A gnawing doubt had been forming over the day, one that made him extremely uncomfortable. After all his denials, was it possible Following was right about him, after all? Was it possible that he was indeed a prophet? It made no sense, of course, but how could so many people be wrong? And what of the miracles? They did happen. Throughout the day, whenever Percy thought this way, a physical sensation like a small electric shock had shot through his chest and made him turn away from the idea. It was alarm, he knew. Is this what Norm felt the day it dawned on him he was gay? Or when Joyann spotted her husband kissing Sal? Or when Norm learned his wife was pregnant with Percy's child? Did they have this same, explosive, pain? Whatever they felt, surely, Percy's was greater? What bigger shock could there be than discovering you are not who you believe yourself to be? That instead of a free man immersed in his own little world you are in fact a puppet, strings pulled by the greatest force ever known: God.
At first these ponderings brought a sense of horror, because it meant Percy would have to accept the existence of God, and he could not. Through all the wrestling of this idea and that, he simply could not believe in the Almighty any more than he could Father Christmas. So, he went on to wonder what was the source of the power he suspected was upon him? It took the final gulp of the third margarita to help narrow it down. Maybe God was not as others believed. Maybe God was interpretation, just as religion was interpretation. God was a spiritual force, but not a being; very much like Father Christmas, now Percy thought about it. Something greater than mere notion.
What was it Hester had said, sitting on the beach? Percy formed the words in his mind with absolute accuracy:
'Blueness and brightness and heat laced with the smell of the sea. All that is left, is oneself.' 
For once, he was listening. Stretched out on a thin bamboo mat, head in the shade, body in the sun, Percy's hat was covering his face but his eyes were open. The words had struck him as surprisingly beautiful, but it was not these words that made sense of his developing perspective. Rather, it was Hester's recount of a conversation she'd held with one of Following's newest disciples.
'He is such a young looking thing,' she'd said, 'a child really. But he is a very interesting lad. He was telling me about this idea he has, but he is terribly unsure of himself. It's as if he doesn't deserve the idea, or the idea has no merit because he was the one to think of it and not some big corporation. Though they may have thought of it, of course. I did warn him of that.'
'What's the idea?'
Hester had burst with a defeated sort of laugh. 'Techy stuff. Way beyond me and my little phone; it's all I can do to work out how to answer the damn thing. He wants to devise a thimble, I think one would call it, a little device where you can lift information from one document and place it into another, with your finger.'
'That's just cutting and pasting.'
'Is it? So it exists?'
'Of course. At the click of a mouse.'
'Click of a mouse! What a world.'
'It can't be that, Hester. Are you sure you've got it right? The kid would have been raised with cutting and pasting. He'd have been born with a phone stuck on his thumb and a charging point in his cot.'
'Perhaps I misunderstood.'
'You're sure he said document? Maybe he said device?'
Hester had made a small humming sound as she mulled this over. 'Yes,' she said eventually. 'He said from one device to another. Not document. Silly me.'
Percy thought it was an excellent idea.
'Exactly what I said,' she agreed. 'But he was very uncertain. He said he was hardly Steve Jobs. Is that someone?'
'It was.'
'He seemed to think these people were born with a brilliant idea in their heads. As if they emerged from the womb with full understanding of themselves and where they are going. Of course, one can know one's interests as a child, and others can judge what is likely to still be of interest to you when an adult. But one can never know what revelations one might have in the course of things. It takes living to know that.'
Percy felt the bolt explode in his chest. But this time, the jolt did not frighten his focus away from questioning who he might be. Instead, his mind started ordering all that he was beginning to understand about himself; filing and sorting until he felt more peaceful and controlled than he had in a long time.
'Strange to think that the smallest of places can offer the most tremendous of views,' Hester continued. 
Raising his hat, he turned and peeked at her, as she lifted her gaze to the sky. Her eyes were visible through the bottom of her sunglasses. She was squinting. 
'Makes me feel connected,' she finished.
Denial already teetering on collapse, the third margarita had narrowed Percy's focus, the fourth framing it. As Norm perched on his barstool and Trudy leaned too close, her arm touching Percy's, the conversion from acceptor to believer had already happened without witness, unseen by the two who had believed 
it first.
*
After a relatively satisfying meal of fried prawns and steamed rice, Percy announced he wanted to take a walk on the beach. Hester excused herself and headed back to her hut, assuring Trudy that she could manage. The remaining four asked if they could join him. It was not what he wanted. He had hoped to take a gentle stroll in the dark and paddle the quiet shores alone. 
'So,' Trudy said, as she linked her arm through his and made off across the sand, 'have you enjoyed your stay so far? It's a lovely spot. I know it's not luxurious, or anything, but it's not too basic, either. Are you managing to get enough to eat?'
'Yes,' added Norm, arriving at Percy's other flank, 'I hope you like it here. We could visit again, perhaps. It was great idea for us all to come away together.'
'Thanks Norm,' said Trudy.
Percy thought the natural thing for Norm to say next was that it was a shame Verity couldn't come, but perhaps he did not feel comfortable speaking about her in front of him. Norm had not openly reproached Percy for what happened, but Percy was sure it could not be easy, whatever Norm claimed. He thought back to earlier in the week, and seeing Verity again in the Botanic Gardens. Her manner was friendly but not nearly as keen as it had been, with no mention of the empty shed. They had walked and talked only, Percy ignoring his longing to embrace her ample form.
'Has anyone seen Meera and Phrike?' Trudy asked. 'They appeared around dinner time and then disappeared.'
'Meera had a headache,' Norm said, 'and Phrike walked her home.'
No one said anything more on the subject, instead stopping to inspect tiny phosphorescent balls in the sand. A group of young children raced by with a torch and bucket, evidently looking for crabs. They came to where the adults were standing, and looked, eagerly calling for others to come and see.
Percy did not know what the balls were, but concluded they were eggs of some sort, new life glowing in the darkness.
9. BALDY
Joyann thought that since she and Percy had not managed to catch up properly the last time they'd met, she would make the effort to find him when the meeting was over. Book club seemed to have come around very quickly, the hour spent with guest author, Kristen, deconstructing her novel on expat life, as if it was only yesterday. Her arrival had been a great surprise for everyone, including Amanda. Equally, that meeting felt to be an age ago. Perhaps this was a trick of grief. Perhaps another trick was making the mind drift when it should be engaged in the digestion of literary meaning. Joyann was contributing, though barely.
She was back living in her own house, Lucas relieved to be in his own room with their own maid making his food. Her mother had died the day she'd rushed away from Percy. It was the time for dying it seemed; one friend, two elderly uncles, Sal's mother not too long ago, and now her own. Everywhere she turned there was death. If she were inclined to believe in wandering souls, then come October and the festival of Qingmin her doorstep might be quite busy with the visiting dead, for she would not have time to take food to each and every grave, so they may as well all come to her.
She supposed her mother's grave would be the place she would end up. As with every other aspect of their relationship, it would be a duty. Joyann could find no sense of closeness, because even in death her mother seemed to reject her. Then again, maybe it was the other way around; she couldn't tell. The festival was some time away, and last year Percy had expressed a degree of interest in it, annoyed with the hordes of costumed children filling the condo for Halloween. Greedy little begging bastards, he'd called them. He'd much preferred the idea of Qingmin; appeasing restless souls with an offering of a meal and a drink, of sitting by the graveside for a picnic. Perhaps this year she'd invite him to join her, it might make the whole thing easier. She smiled. Her mother would have hated Percy.
This time the book group was discussing a novel Joyann had struggled to find time for. Amongst all the personal upheaval, reading had taken low priority. But she was not a fan of people coming to book club without bothering to read, for what was the point, when reading was the reason for the gathering. She thought of Percy and The Discussion Group, where he often chose not to discuss a single thing all evening. But then, the group was never as he had hoped, anyway. Singapore, it appeared, was short of misanthropic sour middle-aged men with nothing better to do than moan. Joyann scolded herself. What sort of person was she, thinking this way, if not a misanthropic sour middle-aged woman? Percy always told her that he loved how sunny she was, how refreshing he found her positivity. And he said it wasn't only her positivity that refreshed him, but the fact that he was able to find this quality charming. In others he viewed it as a failing and hated it. She wasn't very sunny today, she thought, sadly.
In an effort to avoid being the annoying person who hadn't read the book, Joyann had stayed up much of the night to finish it. The novel proved utterly depressing and the meeting was reflecting this. Did the world really need such a haunting account of an apocalypse, when many people felt they might be glimpsing it already? And wasn't it always the case, that someone somewhere believed the world was changing for the worse - drawing to its end - when really it never changes, and is always creeping towards ultimate destruction? These sorts of people need cheering up, not bringing down. Better to read about hope and love, because these are tangible positives, superior to, and far more common than, tangible negatives. Joyann felt that, regardless of this, many people selected to be bleak when bleakness serves no purpose whatsoever. 
After telling the group all of this, Joyann announced that she preferred Kristen's book, excused herself early, and went to find Percy.
She was sad as she walked. Trying to think of something more cheerful than death and oblivion wasn't easy, since even at Book Club death had a presence beyond the miserable novel. Amanda had revealed the outcome of the skinny-pig saga. After dragging on for more than two weeks, Percy had finally told the child his pet was dead. But that was the limit of his honesty. Amanda said that Percy had claimed Kojak died during an emergency operation, body not available for viewing because it had been dissected for organ donation, and being small it was hard to get everything back in order. The vet had done the best she could and then given Kojak a proper funeral. 
Instead of justifiable resentment, the boy now admired Percy more than ever, since his own dead mother had been a donor, too. Why Percy got the credit and not the vet was something of a mystery to Joyann, as was Percy's newly emerged desire to avoid hurting the feelings of other's.
As Joyann turned onto the path leading to Percy's house, she bumped into the boy. He was cradling something.
'Hello. And what do you have there?'
He opened his arms slightly. 'This is Baldy.' There, trembling a little, was a young skinny-pig.
'I heard about Kojak. I am so sorry for your loss.'
'That's okay. This one is little. I loved Kojak, but Baldy is way cuter.'
'That is fine then,' she replied, ignoring how easily his affections had shifted. Lucas was no different. He had once owned three rather short-lived hamsters in quick succession and was not bought a fourth only because all he wanted was something new, rather than something to care for. 'Is Baldy as tame as Kojak? He looks nervous.'
'Not yet. He will be. Uncle Percy took me to buy him.'
'Uncle Percy?'
'Yeah. He was really upset about Kojak. It wasn't his fault.'
'Uh no. I suppose not.' Joyann decided it was time to leave, and after rubbing Baldy between the ears with the tip of a finger, she made for Percy's house.
'He's not in,' the boy called after her.
'Oh? Is he at the pool? I did not see him, though it was quite busy. I suppose Saturday afternoons are always that way, aren't they?'
'I guess. He's out. Gone to the pub.'
'Which pub? I don't suppose you know?'
'No. But he was walking there. With a big man. A soldier.'
Joyann weighed up whether she was in the mood for The Tired Turtle. She had hoped for a cup of tea and a quiet chat, rather than watching Percy slowly get drunk, which she supposed he would be, if he was indeed with Phrike as suspected. Now she regretted leaving Book Club early, forgetting how the black mood had overwhelmed her. Deciding she may as well walk down and have a glass of wine with them both before finding a cab home, she set off.
'Bye bye,' the boy said through pursed lips, holding Baldy away from his body, as he always did with Kojak.
'Bye bye, Baldy,' Joyann replied.
*
Arriving at The Tired Turtle, Joyann was pleased to see not only Phrike and Percy, but Norm too. The three men were laughing at something, and so it was with a wide smile that she pulled up a barstool at their outdoor table. Only a few hours earlier, she had been across the road at The Bean, enjoying a drink with Lucas, after his Saturday morning football match. Then, the day felt as if it would become a rush; now, with football and Book Club over, the hours ahead suddenly seemed very free; all responsibilities past.
'Fart-Cloud Man?' Norm roared. Joyann had never heard him this way before, laughing with such heartiness. He had a happy face and always laughed a lot, but usually it was a much more controlled affair. 'Fart-Cloud Man!' He was almost choking.
'Fart-Cloud Man?' she asked. 'What is this?'
Phrike chuckled, more boyish than Joyann had seen him. 'It's what hangs over Percy at night.'
She looked from one man to the next, thinking how much like schoolboys they seemed. 'You mean Percy has wind?' This was not the sort of conversation she had anticipated after spotting Norm. Rather, it was exactly what she'd hoped to avoid.
'No!' Percy said, laughing hard. 'And I know better than to talk about farting with you!' Like Norm, he seemed unable to breathe.
She supposed he was referring to the taxi incident, some time ago, where Percy embarrassed himself messily in the early throes of a stomach upset. Because of that accident, she had since confessed to her ex-husband's most revolting habit of passing wind all night every night, making the bedroom air unbearable. She often smiled to herself when she thought of Sal with her demure manner, now having to cope with the stink of someone who probably at first came across as a rather refined gentleman.
'No,' Percy continued, voice losing its hysterical edge. 'This has nothing to do with smells.'
'Percy has a ghost,' Norm stated, clearing his throat and calming down a little.
'Fart-Cloud Man is his conscience,' added Phrike.
Percy and Norm spluttered and choked, before settling a little.
Thoroughly confused, Joyann took a moment to order herself a small glass of wine. 'A ghost? Your conscience? What is it you are talking about?'
'I've been waking up to the shape of a man leaning over me. A weird brownish cloud.'
Norm burst with laughter, then stopped himself. 'Percy says Fart-Cloud Man has been leaning over him most nights, but that's all he does, just lean. Phrike and I were wondering if it's only on the nights Percy has been for a curry.' 
Phrike grinned, 'Or a plate of bratwurst and sauerkraut!'
Convulsions took the three men once more, and Joyann was left feeling no less confused than she had been. Unfortunately, their laughter was not infectious. Determined to make an effort to cheer up, she offered a few polite chuckles. Of the little she understood, it was not remotely funny.
'It's true,' Percy said. 'I've seen him at least eight times now.'
'The shadow of a man?' Joyann said.
'Not shadow. Shape. I might just be dreaming, of course. I know that. But it's very real.'
'Does it frighten you?' Joyann couldn't imagine anything more terrifying than waking up and finding a strange man standing over her.
Percy became more serious, 'No. That's what is so odd. I don't feel anything. I just look at him, and then go back to sleep.'
She squinted, studying the man before her, Percy Field, who not only had begun thinking of others but was being loud in public. 'Is this to do with Following? Are you trying to create some story… some mystique… some sort of…'
He was quick to cut in. 'God no. Why would I do that?' 
He sounded truthful, she thought. Yet Joyann had heard Percy was now embracing his role as prophet, instead of denying it. 'Maybe it is helpful to be visited by a spirit if you are an emissary of God?'
Watching Norm's smile disappear and Phrike electing to stare into his pint, Joyann realised she had flattened the mood. She could think of nothing to say that might change that. She chose to apologise.
'I am sorry to stop your fun, gentlemen. I am not in the best of spirits myself. My mother died very recently. I find it hard to feel cheerful, though she and I were not close.' She clambered down from the stool, her petit frame small against the three men. She took one last sip of wine. 'Enjoy your Fart-Cloud Man. Maybe we should all sleep in Percy's bedroom and meet him?'
This final statement returned the mood to where it had been, as both Norm and Phrike praised the brilliance of it. Joyann walked away feeling marginally better, except that everyone was more interested in Percy's odd house guest than in the very real loss of a life. Her thoughts caused her to cast a backwards glance and she saw Norm looking at her. He gestured that he would call.
10. LITTLE SINGAPORE
Percy awoke to again see the dark brown, man-like, form. The figure leaned over him as if contemplating the body lying in the bed, whilst performing one long lunge at the same time; front leg bent, the other leg stretched back straight. Percy felt nothing. The condo was full of shapes and shadows and rumours, built as it was on an old Chinese cemetery. He supposed he was asleep and if not then this thing, whatever it was, was not a thing to worry about. Surely, his instincts would tell him otherwise, if it was so.
Soon sleeping again, or perhaps no longer dreaming that he was awake, Percy's mind found a new place to hover. He was in Hester's temple room, hair so long it touched a floor of clear, sparkling, water. Even in his dream he knew it should be white ceramic tiles. Tiny pieces of bone began floating beneath his feet, next came a small, round ear, followed by a clawed foot. Then the face of his boy neighbour was sliding into view, Percy no longer standing on water but on ice; flawlessly transparent. The boy's face was not anguished, instead the child was licking the ice, his tongue trailing as he slipped along beneath the surface. He grinned at Percy and Percy smiled back. 
There was no dramatic end. No sudden cracking, no blood oozing, no hordes of Sals dressed as embryos screaming at him repeatedly that he must return to England. How he hated that dream, yet enjoyed it at the same time, since one of her breasts was always showing. Instead, the dream faded as he naturally withdrew from it, moving to wakefulness; details slipping from memory with each freshly roused cell. By the time he was fully conscious, all that remained was the vague feeling he had been walking on water and glad of it. Memories of thin ice were gone.
He recalled Fart-Cloud Man in detail, of course. This was what made Fart-Cloud Man seem so plausible; always remembering and always feeling the encounter was real. But what did it mean? Why was this ill-defined mass leaning over him so often, with neither malice nor affection? Was it to do with Following and being a prophet? Joyann suggesting as much had not sown the seed of this idea because he had been wondering about it already. But she had caused the half-notion to germinate into something greater. As he lay in his bed, studying the small triangle of daylight framed by closed curtains, he could not help but again go over the facts: miracles, believers, and now odourless Fart-Cloud Man; a spirit coming to him. What if Sal bringing him to Singapore only to dump him was meant to be? This would explain why she relocated them both thousands of miles from home whilst already in love with another man; never a logical move, even for her.
He sat up with a start. On Rawa, he had been within a grain of sand's breadth of touching belief, before that grain had been blasted away on the back of Hester's story, leaving nothing between him and his role as prophet. He had come to believe in himself, on that tiny island. Now, lying in bed, the hot day pushing in through the curtains, he felt something more. Thoroughly in the habit of thinking figuratively, the only thing Percy could liken the difference to - between that day on Rawa and this - was the difference between successfully landing a job and the morning of actually starting it. Today felt like that day. The first. The beginning. The moment the pay-packet is dated from.
He waited, half watching his own chest. The jolting shock of alarm did not hit him, only a swelling sense of pride. His arms, shoulders and back began tingling with pleasure. Leaping from bed, Percy threw back the curtains, before stepping onto the balcony; sliding glass already pushed back as always. Blue skies arced high above. Often it seemed as a ceiling, but today the vastness appeared as it was, limitless. Barely breaking the tree-tops, storm clouds brewed. It was perfect. He felt a surge of happiness, instantly reminded of the day he had stood in the same spot and accepted he could live without Sal and enjoy Singapore alone.
So much had changed since earlier times when he and she first arrived, him overwhelmed by it all and her overly keen; suspiciously so, with hindsight. Did he care anymore if the thermometer displayed a temperature greater than declared on the radio? No, he did not. Did he care if someone was coming to view the house today, since the landlord was preparing for Percy's apparent vacating of the premises later in the year? No, he did not. Did he care for the fact he could do nothing about it? No, he did not. 
Sal had phoned him the day before about the house viewing, and mentioned that Ethan had heard from Lucas a claim that his mother was a friend of the Son of God. I am not the Son of God, Percy corrected.
'It's dangerous,' Sal had warned. 'You cannot just start a new religion in Singapore and expect to get away with it. I've told you before about the laws here regarding that sort of thing. Cults are not welcome. Religious promotion is not allowed. Mainstream faiths doing their own thing is all they want. Two days public holiday for each; Christmas and…'
'I didn't start it,' he interrupted. He had needed to stop her. She was doing her public information act again; being Oracles once more. It had not charmed him for some time. 'Someone else did. It's not my fault.' 
'It never is, Percy.' Her weariness had filled his ear, the familiarity of it depressing.
But nothing could bring him down anymore, he decided. Morning sun hot on his skin, Percy breathed deeply and stretched, before continuing not to care. Did he care that a maid and some busybody expat were again bickering about an un-muzzled vicious looking dog? No, he did not. Did he care that he was coeliac? Probably not. Did he care that he was standing naked on his balcony and in doing so committing an offence, yet again? Yes, he did. Now was not the time to invite trouble. He was about to retreat when he heard a voice. Beetling along the path was the security guard Percy loathed. No doubt he was in for another telling off.
'Hey, Fatty. Soon no one will be able to see it, until then, put it away. Last warning, lah.'
Was this cheeky bastard referring to his growing stomach, Percy wondered? Suggesting the flab might soon be so large and droopy it would create a modesty flap? How dare he? But Percy said nothing. The guard held all the power, which Percy had come to realise wasn't a bad thing, The guard and his colleagues kept the condo free from the disruption of unwelcome outsiders, whilst maintaining a clean and tidy status quo. And even a prophet would not get away with public nudity in Singapore; especially a prophet.
Back inside the bedroom, Percy slipped on some underpants from the floor and went downstairs to breakfast. Whatever Sal claimed, he was doing nothing wrong. In fact, he was actively making sure Following did not draw attention to itself. The few leaflets that had been printed and escaped confiscation bore an image of him with short hair, and Hester had deemed them dated. This had provided a perfect opportunity to throw away what amounted to incriminating evidence. The same picture enlarged for Hester's temple room remained, however. She liked it, in this case, his altered hair length not seeming to matter at all. 
Feeling livelier than he could remember, Percy set about making scrambled eggs on toast. The bread was gluten-free and still not something entirely enjoyable, but it was bread of a sort. A large health food store in a mall not visited before had leapt out at him the previous week. There, a relieved Percy discovered it was possible to eat again. Though he had been managing extremely well on free meals and The Kraken's culinary expertise, he had been feeling cheated. Where were the snacks? Where were the quick meals he could assemble himself?
He'd filled a basket freely, with breakfast cereals, bread, frozen pies, crackers, crisps and other goodies, such as liquorice. Before becoming coeliac, he hadn't known exactly how much he'd liked the stuff. He ignored the frozen pizza. He wasn't that desperate, yet. Dumping the heavy basket down at the checkout, Percy had been excited to know that he would soon be home stuffing his face. The thought of pie made his mouth water. Though the fridge may be The Kraken's domain, he could fill the cupboards and tiny freezer to bursting. Never again would he come home drunk and seek out a snack only to find half a jar of sambal and a mix of vegetables he did not recognise. His moment of glory was soon over, however. The price of it all made the supermarket, Chilled Cupboard, seem like a discount store, and once home, glass of wine poured and disproportionately expensive cheese sliced, the crackers turned out to be made from sawdust. The chicken pie, he discovered, must have come from the same saw mill.
As Percy stirred the eggs, bread already toasted and waiting, since however long he left it, it would not go cold, he began thinking. Somehow, he had stumbled on the greatest truth, that one must make one's own decisions and follow one's own path. As Prophet, his role should support this view and motivate others to find the courage needed to live in this way. There was no need to begin actively guiding his flock, since everyone appeared content as things were. What disciples needed was more of the gentle hand already offered, except now that hand was warm rather than cold.
As he began eating, standing in the kitchen rather than settling into a seat, he started messaging a few believers. He told them he had had a revelation and they should all come to Hester's temple room and hear it. As he ate and typed and thought, a sound cut through his concentration.
Quietly, Percy moved from the kitchen to the stairwell. He could hear a shower running at the top of the house, on the floor above his bedroom. Who the hell was it? Carefully he made his way up, stepping on each tread as lightly as he could manage. The sound of running water stopped.
'Hi Percy!'
Percy jumped. Looking up, he saw a woman wrapped in a towel leaning over the bannister of the short landing.
'I woke up early and didn't want to disturb you. I always meditate and do yoga in the morning. Thought I would come up here. Is that alright?'
Percy stared. She was American, maybe. Young, dreadlocked and pierced; not his type. He thought back. He had been out with Phrike and some others, for a quiet drink. He'd been thirsty and downed wine as if it were beer. He recalled her arriving at the bar, and sitting very close, and buying more wine. 
'Morning,' he said, now remembering some of what happened next. It had been an active night, alcohol making what might have been too quick a little too long and ultimately unsuccessful.
'I'll be on my way soon.'
'You don't have to rush off,' he said, thinking that maybe now might be a good time to pick up where they had left off. 
'Don't I?' she said, coyly, before allowing her towel to unravel and fall away.
*
The temple was full by the time Percy arrived. His friend found her place amongst the masses without looking back at him. She was not the first believer he had been with, and nothing about it made him uncomfortable. He had never instigated intimacy and all were consenting adults. Despite feeling he was doing nothing wrong, Percy thought it prudent not to mention it to other people, particularly friends. They might make a wrong judgement, perhaps viewing his sexual exploits as exactly that, exploitation, when he was mostly sure they were not.
Convincing himself several times over that his new found sexual magnetism was nothing to do with his role as Prophet, Percy had decided women liked him simply because he was a more giving person than he had been; the hole in his hardened exterior acting as a vacuum and sucking them in. Occasionally, he wondered if learning to be emotional in his younger days might have brought him greater success in the downstairs department. He had not gone without, but neither had girls been leaping at him as they did now, nether regions bared, primed, and ready to go.
Verity Sullivan was the only one who did not seem to find the new, softer, version preferable. Percy was due to meet her for a walk in the Botanic Gardens later. He still wanted her, but since she had become less keen, their meetings disappointed him. He hoped the pleasurable morning spent with a woman, whose name he did not know, might help him avoid these new feelings of sexual frustration. He did not want to stop seeing her. Vee was someone he felt connected to, even if only because she was a version of himself. At least, the person he had been before becoming caught up in his own extraordinariness. Norm's wife and expectant mother she might be, but to Percy, she was fast becoming one of the most important people in his life. He could not look at her without wanting to take her to the empty shed they had made their own. There was a time when she felt the same, almost dragging him there. This had changed. She had changed. Maybe, thanks to the American, today would be easier on them both. Maybe, with some space and less pressure, he might find that old Vee again.
Percy stood waiting. The room fell silent. Looking at the many faces before him, he felt privileged. There was Hester sitting in her chair near the door, flowing ethnic garb all about. Norm standing beside her, neatly groomed and dressed in pale linen. Trudy kneeling, wearing what appeared to be a pure white evening gown. Meera, crossed legged, staring at her phone, her tee-shirt sparkly and jeans tight. All these people, friends and strangers, had faith in him long before he had found faith in himself. 
'It is important to remain true to oneself,' he began, before providing examples of what counted as such. While he talked, disciples nodded, occasionally raising a hand to ask a question. Percy wondered if they sensed any difference in him, if they noticed the ease with which he now spoke. 
As the sermon progressed a certain, unavoidable, truth remained unacknowledged by him. The fact was, had Percy Field taken his own advice and remained entirely true to the person he'd always been - a misanthropic selfish inward looking man, despising most human contact - he would never have come to discover what he now regarded as his true purpose. 
He closed the sermon as intended, firmly upon the side of self-awareness, expressing his usual view that individuals should stroll life's path without guidance and see what happens for themselves. However, by the time he had finished in the Botanic Gardens sometime later, he was considering tweaking his mantra. Suddenly, the idea that everyone in life needed an occasional nudge, one way or the other, had value. It was possible to be self-aware and allow oneself to be led; this in itself made for personal choice. Because, as it turned out, a little nudge had aroused Vee's interest no end. Despite his satisfying morning, Percy found himself satisfied all over again.
11. ROGUE
Hester could make out topless forms lining up against a giant glass-fronted shop, toned and handsome in their youth. But her interest was held only by an old Chinese man drawing attention of his own. In the queue of stationary traffic there had been plenty of time to watch him; observing his routine in detail. 
No longer able to walk more than one circuit of her garden, it was from the back of her Nassim Road friend's chauffeur driven car that Hester first spotted, and then pondered, the problem before her. She supposed a man accepting money from her in order to fool others into thinking he was cured, could very well be a man who would then walk away and say nothing. But just as easily he could be this man, having played his part and now wanting more.
It seemed the congestion would not be easing anytime soon. A swarm, made up mostly of women, was streaming across the road at an important intersection. Many hundreds of faces were beaming with excitement, eager to glimpse half-naked young men advertising the opening of a flagship store.
Was there anything to be done about this man, Hester wondered? Probably there was, she decided, but was there any point? The old man was taking a risk by busking without a pitch or licence. He was probably unaware that he needed such a thing. She tried to recall the location where she had employed his services, lulling the crowd, drawing Percy in, but soon gave up. It did not matter where it was.
From the cool of the car, Hester scrutinised not only the man but his cohorts, as they came and went, either being cured and then walking away, or staying and watching further miracles. Tourists were throwing money into an open hat, presumably finding his obvious deception more entertaining than forging a path through the crowd. It was only a matter of time before he would be arrested or moved on. 
Had she been in company, Hester would not have discussed the issue, but she was glad not to be facing the challenge of appearing disinterested whilst fully engaged. The friend who had loaned the chauffeur driven car had people due for lunch. Hester was not offended by the lack of invitation. She had no desire to make small talk with strangers from her own world. She preferred strangers from Following. Besides, coffee, cake and idle chat with this easy old friend had been more than enough. Now, all she wanted was to stop at a mall to buy a replacement for the worn-out sunhat she loved, and then go home. Next time she might ask Davina to pop out for her, instead. It was all much more tiring than it used to be.
Still watching the old man, Hester concluded there was little point in trying to stop him. Even if a witness to the miracle she had organised now spotted him dishing out cures of his own, it was unlikely he would be recognised. And if he was, so what? The black mark would fall against him, and no one else. Let the old man have his moment.
Hester's eyelids drooped. The car was a perfect temperature and music was quietly playing. Could she be bothered to buy the hat? Did she really need it so badly? Her current one was just about wearable. What was the point of accumulating things at her time of life?
As she dozed so the car began edging forwards. She was thinking about Percy and how strange it was to be on Orchard Road when she had been talking with him about it only the day before. And what a coincidence to have seen the miracle man. Percy had been asking her about herself. It was a startling development she'd felt: the man who'd seemed set to live life blind to the needs of others, was the man for whom the greatest miracle had occurred. 
'You are very fit,' he'd remarked, for no reason that was obvious.
'I was. But not now. These days I am feeling my age.' She'd smiled at him, she recalled, a deliberately warm expression, though she was fond of him anyway. She had wanted to keep him engaged. He'd talked so freely on Rawa that she'd discovered he was better company than expected. 'Age,' she continued, 'is a rather slow affair in so many ways, while in others it is somewhat immediate. Not long ago I could walk the length of Orchard Road, now I suspect I would require the aid of one of your miracles, Percy.'
Hester, opening her eyes and seeing the car would soon be free to turn off the main drag, told the driver to take her straight home. She was not feeling quite as bright as she had been and was certain that two of Davina's ham chim peng and a cup of tea would do her the world of good. Medicinal need not mean tasteless, and whatever the doctor's view of things, she always felt marvellous after ham chim peng. Poor Percy, she thought. He had been sitting on her veranda when Davina had brought some out, the aroma of fried dough tantalising all who could smell it. He'd been rather upset to miss out, poor man. Not that he needed the calories. 
*
Trudy was waiting on the veranda when Hester arrived home. Politely, Hester implied that she needed to go to bed, hoping to rid herself of this uninvited intrusion and find peace in the ham chim peng she'd been looking forward to. But her friend looked so despondent that Hester felt obliged to perform a miraculous recovery, before ordering them both a glass of Champagne. Her treat could wait until later. She wasn't entirely in the mood for sharing; endless expensive wine, perhaps, but limited homemade indulgence, certainly not.
'Champagne?' Trudy questioned, a pair of large dark glasses enveloping her face.
'I assume the dressing across your nose means you've had some surgery?' was Hester's reply.
Trudy touched it lightly.
'Why can't you leave your lovely face alone, dear? What was so wrong with your nose that you had to do that? It was very pretty as it was.'
'It wasn't. You know very well it was lumpy. I had it straightened for my birthday.' Sighing, Trudy carefully pushed her sunglasses up onto her head, revealing light bruising beneath both eyes; eyes that were unusually devoid of false lashes.
'Some present,' Hester mumbled. She caught a glimpse of a tear before Trudy had time to brush it away. She would ask what was wrong in a moment. 'And how long will it take to heal?'
'Not long.' The defensive tone was suggestive of a person offended; shrugging off Hester's question in the belief that the shorter the healing process the less controversial the act.
Hester mustered a smile. 'It really is up to you what you do with your face. Take no notice of me. I'm just jealous.' She wasn't, but it seemed the kindest thing to say.
Trudy nodded, solemnly.
'What is it? What's wrong?' Hester allowed herself to ask, satisfied Trudy's vanity was not the cause of her strange mood.
'I may not be coming to the temple room as often anymore.' Trudy swallowed several mouthfuls of bubbly before releasing a gentle burp. 'Excuse me.' She drank down the rest before signalling to the passing Davina that she wanted more.
Hester was shocked. Trudy's passion for Percy was equalled only by that of Norm. She took the smallest of sips from her own glass, the burst of bubbles in her mouth sharp. 'Why not?'
Trudy looked to the sky, much like a heartbroken teenager, Hester thought; albeit one who had been in a punch up. Whatever the cause of the hurt, it ran deep. The muscles around Trudy's chin tightened a little, corners of her mouth distorting as she fought to hold back the tears that were rolling anyway.
'I need to get away,' she said.
'From what?'
'Everything.'
'Will you tell me what has happened?'
Trudy shook her head.
'Trudy?'
After a few long breaths to settle herself, Trudy began, 'He found some of my letters to Percy.'
'Who did?'
Through stuttered breaths and gulps of Champagne, Trudy went on to explain that her husband had found some intimate words never written for anyone else's eyes, down on paper only as a means of sorting out her emotions. She'd grown so obsessed with Percy that life was becoming unbearable.
'At first I enjoyed it,' she said, her stiff face streaked with ruined foundation. 'It was such a pleasure to feel so excited by someone again. Those many moments when I couldn't be with Percy, all I wanted was time to sit and think about him. If he were a normal man…' She stopped, mid-sentence.
'Yes? If Percy were a normal man?' It seemed to Hester a long while before Trudy could find the courage to speak again. 
'This has been the hardest part of it all, Hester. Deciding what I would feel if he wasn't who he is. For a time, I thought I would leave my husband for him, if I could. But then I wondered if I would love Percy in quite the same way if he were average.'
'And would you?' Hester was being careful to avoid making judgements. And she was pledged not to use the word crush. Plainly, crush or not, things were serious.
'I thought he was a normal person when I first met him, at The Discussion Group. Do you remember the first time he spoke with us? He told me I needn't look so surprised.'
Hester did recall it. At the time, she'd thought that he'd overstepped the mark in terms of cheek. He had been referring to Trudy's newly lifted eyebrows rather than her emotions.
'I liked him then; too much, probably,' Trudy went on, 'but as Following grew I think I got so carried away with it all that I lost control. To watch a man you adore being loved by others can make you proud, but it can also make you jealous; I have no right to feel either.'
'Where did your husband find the letters?'
'In the bin. While we were on Rawa. Poor man.'
Hester placed her glass on the table. 'So you wanted him to know. Why else leave something like that where he could find it?'
'Hester! That's not true. He went through the rubbish.'
'And found what?'
'What do you mean, found what? You know what. I just told you.'
'Do I? You're saying you screwed up the letters and threw them away?'
'Exactly. How was I to know he was checking up on me?'
Hester was inclined to be direct. 'It's not what you did or didn't know, Trudy, but what you hoped. If you'd told me that you'd torn the letters into tiny pieces and then thrown them away, a few shreds in this wastepaper basket, a few more in that dustbin, some flushed down the toilet, then you would have demonstrated that you did not want your husband to know. But what you did is no different from him leaving his shirt on the bedroom floor tainted with the smell of someone else's perfume.'
Trudy was silent. Her tears had stopped and she remained perfectly still.
'So, would you want Percy, if he were normal, as you put it?' asked Hester. 'Forgetting you are married, of course, for the sake of argument.' 
Here was Hester's own potential dilemma, because if she ever revealed the lie behind it all then Trudy would have a very clear choice to make: Percy, the normal man, or husband. Or, of course, no one. To speak a word of it would be breaking Hester's number one rule: never, ever, tell another person anything of the ruse. And, in reality, Hester knew there was no dilemma to face. Whatever Trudy felt for Percy was not reciprocal. If anything, Trudy drove his irritation into overdrive with her constant flirtation, and occasionally by her very presence.
'I don't know, Hester.'
'Well, it is irrelevant because he is very far from normal. He is a special man indeed. So, there is no question to answer.'
'I know. That's sort of what I decided, that it was pointless even thinking about it. But I keep having to go over and over it, because it won't settle. I think I've solved it and can move on and then it springs up all over again.'
Davina returned with the Champagne, this time placing the bottle in an ice-filled bucket, after topping up the glasses.
'There can't be much left in that one,' Hester remarked. 'Bring us another, Davina, the same again. Thank you.' She shifted her focus back to Trudy, a ragged looking creature compared to her normal self. With Following racing along without any input from the original believers, Hester decided it was time to return her most easily played card - a now rather dog-eared Trudy - to the pack. 'If you feel so lost, dear, you should be looking to your marriage. Percy has complicated things for you. Exciting and different are by their very nature unsustainable.
'Perhaps it is time for some good old fashioned effort? The time has come to work at your marriage. In this cosseted world we inhabit, it is too easy to ignore those things that aren't quite right, until the issues are so not right they seem beyond fixing. Possibly, your marriage really is over and the moment has come to move on. How can you know if you don't take a proper look at it? But if you think your attraction to another man is the root of all your problems, I can inform you that you are deeply mistaken. Percy is no more the cause than your husband finding those letters.'
12. THE DAYS IN BETWEEN
It was not what she'd expected, to be lying in bed with the ceiling fan shifting the air about. It seemed as if it was watching over her, turning the air to keep the flies from landing. She closed her eyes to think, and to stop them feeling so dry.
What Hester had expected to be doing this week was holding a meeting with some of Following's new disciples. She'd planned to tell them about Percy Field; man, not Prophet. She'd decided to expose his vulnerable side to reinforce his divinity, because whilst most people she knew believed God to be perfect, making Man in his own image, she'd never bought into the idea herself. 
In her view, no perfect god would create something so flawed as man; it would be an unkind act. And unkindness was an imperfect state. Only if Man was perfect was God perfect too, and Man was not. And what would be the point? Why not cut to the chase and get it right? The perfect sculptor is not perfect if his creations have defects, just as no artist could win an international prize - be lauded as excellence personified -  for merely picking up any old object and declaring it art. She cast this latter part of her thought aside. Even she could see how the disciples might argue the toss, because something as simple as her own sweaty sheets might be thought of as art, should she have what it took to convince people of it. Which she did. Maybe this is what she should have committed these final years of her life to: convincing people that any old rubbish she could find was worth a fortune. She retraced her thoughts and realised this had already been achieved. Percy Field was her sweaty sheets. 
Hester opened her eyes again and looked out into the garden. Davina had left the glass doors open. The bedroom, shaded by a private veranda, was relatively cool. The mown, coarse-bladed, grass looked so green that it made Hester smile. It was such a beautiful hue, though nothing like the green of other places she'd been, where the colour of softly rippling meadows could make a person dream of anything.
Lying in bed for so long had given her time to reflect on the message she wished to get across, which, because she was lying in bed, she was unable to deliver. The irony of this frustrated her almost as much as the wine-free diet she seemed to be on, though no one had asked her permission. If Man is flawed then God is flawed, this was it, in its simplest form. It was a caveat, covering Percy for a multitude of sins, not least the fact that he kept on sleeping with his followers. 
 Privately, the extension to Hester's notion of imperfection had always been that God might not exist at all. She hoped this was not the case. A growing part of her mortal self was feeling uneasy of late, and therefore more pious. Her health was poorer than ever, the doctor announcing that she'd experienced a mini stroke, alongside some other nonsense she was choosing not to think about. If he could be wrong about one thing then he could be wrong about the other. And he was wrong. She knew people who had suffered strokes, mini and otherwise. Frankly, there was nothing wrong with her cognitive processes and it was an insult to suggest that there was.
But it had made her think. Death. The death of her own parents so long ago had placed her next in the queue, something she'd pondered a great deal at the time. Death. What was it like? What would the moment of oblivion be like for an atheist? What would it be like for a believer whose life had been filled with lies? Perhaps only a perfect being could find their way to God, which, she determined, supported both her arguments: imperfection and non-existence.
A red dragonfly flew into the room, made a few sharp, investigative, turns and then left. Hester resolved that she would end her convalescence the following day. She was tired but she was also very bored, which was surely a good sign. She would get up and go for a coffee somewhere nice. She would take Davina so she could help with things. 
Again, her eyes closed. Being honest with herself, she did not want a glass of wine. What she wanted was some icy water; snow melt, fresh from the mountains. She imagined herself there, by a stream, lush alpine pastures rolling on and far away. In her mind, music played, a song from a film. She could see herself running. She could feel it. It was wonderful to be so free. To run and run. If the young understood that youth is fleeting, they would never stop running.
'Madam Hester?'
Hester opened her eyes. Davina was standing before her, with a tray. On it, was a glass of water.
'Is that from a mountain?' Hester asked.
Davina paused. 'No. From the chiller. Nice and cold.'
'It'll have to do. We shall be going out tomorrow, Girlie. For a coffee. Somewhere with grass.'
'Yes, Madam Hester,' Davina replied, no comment made regarding Hester's use of the previous maid and Davina's aunt's name. She put the drink beside the bed and helped Hester sit up. 'Are you cool enough, madam?'
'Perfectly.'
Davina left, after telling Hester she would come back soon to see if she needed anything else.
Hester sipped the drink. It was indeed very cold and refreshing. Having been drawn back to Singapore from the alpine paradise of her imagination, Hester began think once more about Percy. It was simple.  If others could be made to feel witness to the progression of their leader from ordinary man to deific being, they might feel inclined to be more striving themselves. This would be a legacy worth having.
Legacy. Was she dead then? She rested her head back against a mound of pillows. Too many morbid thoughts filled her mind these days. Too many possible variations on what might lie ahead. She would snap out of it, soon enough, she knew, once she was feeling better. Feeling healthy could make one feel as if the world was there to be conquered. Ill-health could make a person accept the end as a means of escape. Escaping from something, she could understand. But was it possible to escape to something? And would she be escaping at all? Would she not merely be moving from one place to the next, whether it was heaven's golden gates, hell's wok of boiling blood, or simply food for worms?
Hers had been a fun-filled guiltless life for which she was grateful. Never had she felt burdened, despite her schooldays when all seemed set on making everyone else feel terrible about everything. As water from the proverbial duck's back, the emotion of guilt always beaded and rolled away, unfelt.
In that moment, Hester realised what it was she had to do. She would hedge her bets, as she so often did. When undecided, what else could a person do? When the final moment was upon her, she would draw on her early years in the Catholic faith and confess. She would tell her husband the truth about Percy and Following. 
She could not be damned for that.
13. DAVINA
A strange atmosphere was filling the house, now Hester was so sick. It was uneasy, and Davina went about her daily chores as if she could not quite allow her feet to touch the ground, instead skimming lightly so as not to make a sound. Ghostly. Hester's husband, a man Davina could only ever think of as the old man, since Hester had referred to him this way when she'd first arrived, was ever-present and turning away disciples whenever they called. Even Percy had been denied entry, citing Hester's need for peace as his reason. Davina knew the real one: he loathed Percy. 
Davina did not. But neither did she like him. Forced to accept whatever it was that had been forming around him, she managed to get by, bringing him drinks, answering questions, treating him as any other guest. But she found him intimidating. She was in awe of his status, though never impressed by it, and whereas Norm made her feel at ease, Percy frightened her.
She was peeling potatoes thinking about this. She'd been told to make cottage pie, a dish she'd now made five times and liked very much. Maybe it was the element of divinity bothering her, she thought, as she dropped a naked potato into a pan of cold water. Before, Following had not been overtly religious; now it was entirely so. Davina grimaced. This was true and yet not true, for Percy said things that any god-fearing person would consider blasphemous. Happiest when feeling she was in the presence of her God, Davina saw something dark in Percy, a stark contrast to the divine. He was devilish; felt devilish. Some days, when she was free to eavesdrop on a sermon, Davina witnessed Percy's power over his disciples, metaphorically holding everyone in his hands and raising them up as if praising God, before hurling them into the ashes as if to teach them a lesson. At least, this is how it seemed to her. Why would any man of God do that? And was it ashes? Maybe it was the burning flames of hell. She smiled. It made her seem like her Aunt Girlie. Girlie went to church every week, Davina only once a month at best.
Perhaps Percy did have real power. He was not charismatic, so no one was being charmed. And he didn't seem to have any particular agenda, as far as Davina could tell. He wasn't robbing people of their money. Hester always told her that many people benefitted from believing in Percy and being part of Following.
'God bless you and keep you safe, Madam Hester,' she muttered.
Potatoes peeled and cut, Davina set them to boil. Then she began finely chopping an onion, followed by some garlic, before gently frying both in virgin olive oil, preferred by old man to any other oil. She got a bag of minced beef from the fridge, getting herself a drink from the chiller at the same time. She checked the clock. Four. Often, a meeting would be ending now, but beyond the sounds of the kitchen the house almost hissed with silence. She switched the radio on, quietly.
One of her friends had gone along to a Following meeting, but only once. Just to see. The meetings were open to all-comers, and although Percy himself never discriminated, the friend said she could feel other people staring. They'd immediately classified her as a maid because she looked like one; her clothes were different from theirs, giving her away. Bright leggings, bright tee-shirt, toes splaying from what Percy Field called flip-flops. He'd singled her out because of them, and shamed her. So maybe he did discriminate, after all.
Davina heard the old man pass-by. He said nothing, not about the radio or even that the dinner smelled good, which it did. Percy had eaten her cottage pie once. He'd eaten a huge portion of it and told Davina it was the best he had tasted. Maybe this was the reason why, while she couldn't like him, she could not hate him either.
14. WALKING TO THE LIGHT
Ten days after Hester abandoned her hat buying trip, Percy was resting on a bench overlooking the waters of Marina Bay, sparklingly beautiful in the darkness. 
It felt to be such a long time since he'd braved his first meeting at Hester's house, in what was then her relatively new temple room. Each visit had chipped away the resistance that was such a habit, the exasperating company of strangers slipping into something bearable; moony faces becoming as familiar as the wearers' needs. Now, negative feeling was gone. He was leading from the front, contemplating what it all meant; what sort of guide he should be. Having talked on and off with Hester about various matters, he was feeling grateful for her support and more confident in himself than he had been.
After spending most of his day speaking patiently with adoring followers, Percy was tired. Now, relaxing in his own company, he was absorbed in the easy occupation of people-watching; an old habit of observing the peaceful and private meanderings of strangers. All sleek and wealthy, none of these unknown people showed any interest in the scruffy white man occupying the bench. Nearby, mother Merlion, a white stone statue of a fishtailed lion whose enormous husband was elsewhere in Singapore, spouted water into the harbour, her small child nearby.
'How should I address you?'
'Joyann?'
'Don't look so shocked, Percy!'
At first, he regarded his dear friend with satisfied delight. But Percy's face soon lost its bloom, sagging into dreary dejection. He had not spoken with her since she'd walked away from him at The Tired Turtle, leaving him wittering on about Fart-Cloud Man. After she'd gone, Norm had told him off. He had not offered any condolences for her mother's death.
'Sorry, about the last time we met,' he began. 'About your mother.'
Joyann gazed at him, a long questioning look.
'What?'
'Perhaps I should not have raised the subject of the taxi ride?'
'Which taxi ride?'
'When you were unwell.'
'Why? We were just having a laugh.'
'It is not my type of humour, so I fear I rather set myself up to be sour with you. I was sour with you in the taxi, I recall.'
'Past history, Joyann.'
'No. That event always bothers me. It was wrong of me, wrong of the taxi driver, too. Ethan was not especially thoughtful in that area of life, and so I am afraid I was a little sharp with you because of it.' Her eyes smiled apologetically, 'It is no excuse, but a reason.'
'You mean he used to shit himself all the time?'
Joyann laughed, 'No! Wind. I told you.'
'This could have been useful the other day when I was talking with Sal. I could have done with something to laugh about.'
'You saw her?'
'Briefly. She wants me to…' Percy paused.
'For you to leave the house. Yes, I know.'
'More than that, I think. She'd rather I went home. Back to England.' He smiled. 'You look very well, very happy, all things considered.'
She patted Percy's shoulder, affectionately, 'Percy, it has been a long time since my life was entirely my own, that is the lot of any parent. But losing my mother has made me see that life is fleeting, and sharing it with anyone is a gift. I have my son, my health and my business. My mother had a full life. Ethan has a new life. Each shaped me, but I am the person I am, regardless. And you? How are you?'
'Happy,' he said, honestly.
Marina Bay Sands Hotel glowed nearby, boat-shaped rooftop awash with light, infinity pool so high that no bathers could easily be seen as they peered over the edge. Beneath, a grand complex and mall tempted with promises of treasure. Night had fallen since Percy first positioned himself on the bench, and as they talked, multi-coloured beams of light shot into the night sky, shafts of colour reaching upwards, dancing high above Singapore, while below beautiful reflections filled the still harbour; black water suddenly glossy with life.
'Happy?' she repeated. 'Is this because you are less Mortal Man and more Messiah?'
'Mock if you want to, but there is something in it.'
'So it is true,' she said, sounding a little sad. 'You really do believe it.'
 'Can so many people be wrong?'
'Yes, they can, Percy. But I am not here to bring you down. You really do not sound like my Percy at all! I thought you felt that everybody is wrong, the whole world except you. But if that has changed, then perhaps this Following business is not such a terrible influence on you, after all.'
'I influence it,' he stated.
'I see.'
'What are you doing here, if not to bring me down, as you say?' he asked.
'I saw you. That is all.'
Percy frowned a little, 'Have you thought about the fact that I can make a difference, Joyann? That perhaps Following can offer something? Do good.'
'Percy Field? Do good? Am I dreaming?'
'People can change. With help.'
She sat forward, turning to look into his face. 'I do not know if you are teasing me. But whether you are or not, you should listen. It is a funny business this Following, Percy. Do be careful. This is not England. There will be spies amongst them, you can be sure of that.'
Percy laughed, 'Spies!'
'Spies.'
'Really? Spies?' he laughed again. 'Joyann, I may not have lived here for long, but from what I can see things aren't taken quite as seriously as everyone makes out. Where is the police? Where is the army? Where is anyone in authority?'
'It's what you cannot see, Percy, that matters.'
'All that is in the past, Joyann. Singapore has moved on.'
'You are wrong about that. In Singapore, eyes and ears are everywhere. Smiles may sit below, but still the eyes see and the ears listen. And the mouth tells. This fact has not changed, not really.' Joyann paused. A couple lingered nearby, apparently drawn to the water's edge by the colourful gyration above. They seemed preoccupied with each other, but were standing close. Lowering her voice, Joyann continued, 'They will have a special focus on you, Percy. Be careful. Do not be fooled because you cannot see who watches. For me, I do not think you are doing anything wrong. You are not promoting Following, or saying it is better than another belief, or suggesting everyone rise up and rebel against the death penalty, pressed shirts and tidy nails. But it is very hard to determine what these people of yours believe in. I think that means you must be careful. I like you; it would be a shame for you to be locked up and then sent home.'
'You really think the Singapore government is interested in a group of people who just want to believe in something?'
'Exactly so, Percy. They don't always let you foreigners pack, you know.'
Percy sighed, 'I am starving,' he said, gracelessly changing the subject. 'Have you eaten?'
'You cannot make what I am saying untrue by ignoring it. In the second world war, here in Singapore, neighbours spied upon neighbours often because they had to, in order to survive; for their family to survive. But a few wanted to, because they were traitors through and through. And even without fear, people want to protect what they believe in, whatever it is that makes them feel comfortable and safe. You are from the West and think every other country should be like yours. It is an arrogance that leaves you vulnerable, Percy. Spies are not only recruits but volunteers.'
'Fine. You've made your point, Joyann. I'll be careful. So are you hungry? Have you eaten?'
'No, I have not. Glutton's Bay is just behind, over there, if you would like some hawker food. Touristy and so a little expensive, but it will do.'
'No. I'd prefer a proper meal.'
'Percy, it is a proper meal! But even over there it only costs the same as a cup of coffee. Why be so extravagant all the time?' 
'I mean for us to sit down and enjoy a leisurely dinner. On me. You know I like hawker food, but even I need a feast every now and then, whatever it costs.'
'Even you? I thought your disciples paid for your dinners.'
'Joyann!'
'Sorry. You are suddenly the rich man, huh?'
'No. Suddenly the don't-care-man. Come on,' Percy stood up, 'have dinner with me. We could go anywhere from here.'
'Then let's go to Orchard Road and see the Christmas lights,' Joyann suggested, brightly. 'If you can wait a little longer to eat, we could go from there to Dempsey Hill. I know how you expats love to eat at Dempsey. So,' Joyann began rising from the bench, 'will you be going home for Christmas, Percy?' 
'Why on earth would I do that?'
'To see family.'
'I don't have any family.'
'Friends?'
 'I have friends here.'
'I know. But why not see your England friends? Sal is here, so why not go back and enjoy time away from everything?'
'People here need me.' He stretched. Having been sitting for so long he was stiff, the back of his shirt revealing a perfect print of bench slats in sweat. Ambling off in the direction of the nearest taxi rank, Percy said no more about Christmas, commenting only that it had cooled into a pleasantly bearable evening; a mere twenty-five degrees he guessed. 
Joyann buttoned her cardigan.
*
Orchard Road was rammed to its retail limits. Outside the malls, dazed looking tourists wandered slowly amongst families of local people, all caught up in the scale and extravagance of the city's main Christmas lights. A white man, around sixty years old and tall and wide, walked hand in hand with a small Asian woman, perhaps twenty-two or so. She was so slight Percy thought she looked tiny enough for the man to put in his pocket. Or crush beneath his frolicking weight. Smirking, he nudged Joyann.
To his disappointment, she rolled her eyes at him rather than at the couple. 'Think about her choices, Percy,' she sighed. 'And maybe they love each other.'
He frowned, cynically.
'Don't be so quick to judge, Percy. Maybe she is a solicitor and he a doctor; maybe they are both American, or German, or Australian? There are many maybes.'
Percy observed the tight, glittery, cropped tee shirt sitting far above very short shorts. The young woman was no more than a collection of skin and scraps of cloth, teetering alongside the tired and voluminous clothing of a much older man. 'There are many maybes, it's true. And here's one: maybe you shouldn't be so quick to think the best of everyone, so quick to forgive.'
'This from a prophet?'
He chose to ignore the comment.
'It is not for me to judge or forgive, Percy. And who cares, if they are happy? Why look at other people this way?'
Now wishing he had kept the sighting to himself, Percy asked, 'What if he is married? To someone else.'
Joyann hesitated, pausing in the shadow of a thought. 'Then I hope his wife never finds out.' She linked her arm through Percy's. 'There, Percy, now everyone will also see you as a white man with an Asian prostitute. They will think they have ended up in Bangkok and not Singapore.'
Percy straightened his elbow and allowed her arm to fall away. 'Don't be daft. Let's not fight,' he said, quietly.
Her eyes twinkled, 'If you do not let anymore shit fall from your bottom or from your mouth, then we will not fight.'
Percy grinned; a small, surprised, laugh bursting free. Just then, his stomach began rumbling and so he urgently tried to raise the pace. In the space of a few seconds he had moved from hungry to absolutely starving.
 But Joyann effortlessly kept drawing him back to a gait more suited to humid air and an evening stroll. 'Why do you Ang moh always walk so fast?' she questioned, 'so sweaty. Have you not been here long enough to know better?'
Percy was not listening, not rising to her Ang moh insult. A small group of Singaporean students had manoeuvred through the crowd, and in turn they each touched Percy's arm as they passed. Passively, he allowed it to happen, a tiny smile upon his face. He turned and watched as they vanished into the crowd behind. Following were a gentle group, he thought. They did not beg for attention or scream from the rooftops.
'I see you were speaking the truth. You do believe.' Joyann's tone was edged with disapproval.
'The only thing I believe right now is that you are not as hungry as I am. Forget Dempsey. It's too far. We'll eat here.' He ushered Joyann through an outdoor seating area and into a pizza restaurant.
'You will not find anything to eat here, Percy. There is probably gluten in the water.'
'I will,' he assured her. 'Sometimes these are the best places. I'll have steak and fries, or risotto, or something. Don't you worry about me.'
'Maybe they do gluten-free pizza? Lots of good pizzerias do, I hear.'
'I'd rather eat slugs.'
'Okay. But we stay, yes?'
'Yes. We stay.'
'Very well. But it is hardly the luxury meal I was expecting.'
'Then you should have walked faster. Been more determined.'
A waitress checked a large booking sheet, and then took them back outside to a small table overlooking the street. Elaborately illuminated snowflakes were strung from one side of Orchard Road to the other; in the middle, a giant brightly lit parcel was encircled by the snowflakes forming a ribbon.
'Actually, Percy, I am far more determined than I used to be, and it is with great thanks to you.' Sitting down, Joyann ordered some water and two Tiger beers.
'So I see. Even choosing my beer for me.'
'Correct choice?'
'No. I can't drink beer anymore, unfortunately.'
 Joyann immediately apologised. 'It is hard for you, this diet?'
He shrugged, and ordered a bottle of wine.
'Percy? All for you?'
'To share, Joyann.'
'Thank you. But I shall have a bottle of beer.'
'Then yes, all for me.'
Percy was interested to hear more about how it was she had grown into a more determined person because of him. He had never thought of her as anything but determined, yet clearly, she held a different view of herself. He encouraged her to continue, deriving pleasure from other people's praise becoming something of a habit.
'Do you remember the first time we met, at that meal, on Boat Quay?'
He remembered it only too well, for Sal had been furious with him. The refreshing presence of Joyann made it a lesser hell than it might have been. 'I do. Go on.' He found himself taking on a pose that was becoming his own; leaning forward on his elbows, stubbly chin resting on intertwined knuckles, lank hair falling about his face.
 'I always remember how you told that terrible woman off for suggesting Singapore is not really Asia. You recall the implication, Percy? That this country cannot be considered Asia because it is not struggling or poor.'
'I do, patronising bitch, she was.'
'Hmm. Yes. Well, the point is, you said the right thing without caring what others thought, because you believed it. I have never told you this, but I was so mad when she said it. It makes me very cross when Westerners think they have the right to claim anything and everything as their own, never mind the advanced civilisations of Asia while Europeans lived in the dirt. So many think Singapore is some kind of gift from the West. So arrogant!
'I have been meaning to tell you what happened that evening is something I have not forgotten, because, you see Percy, I would not have spoken out. Even though it annoyed me. It was a small event, but it changed me. It made me less tolerant of my husband, of... Percy! Are you even listening?'
Percy was not. Instead he was engrossed in reading a message on his telephone.
'Percy! You have not changed at all! You have the concentration of watery soup.' 
'I'm sorry, Joyann,' he said, barely looking up, 'I've just had some terrible news. It's Hester.'
15. THE WAKE OF DEATH IN THE MIDST OF LIFELIFE
An intimate and very private affair: words spoken by Hester's husband when he refused to allow anyone from Following to attend her funeral. As a small concession, perhaps born of guilt but considered more likely as a means of gaining labour, the elderly gentleman allowed the group one last meeting in Hester's temple room. The understanding, that once finished, they would remove every last trace of their cult. 
He had never approved, he said, going on to make a wounding claim that could never be verified or refuted. It was harsh, and he seemed to relish their shocked expressions. It appeared that as death began to steal about Hester, before the final heartrending throes where there is nothing left to do but quietly travel the long, long minutes, she denounced both Percy and Following as a fraud. If they needed a witness they should ask Davina, he instructed, since she had been in the room as it was said.
'Trudy took it very badly,' said Meera, to Phrike, Joyann, Norm and Percy, as they sat together outside The Bean, nursing drinks. 'I do not mean poor Hester's death, which was terrible, or what her husband said about her not believing, but not being able to say goodbye properly. Very cruel to keep away a friend like that.'
'Up to him,' murmured Phrike, addressing everyone, yet no one.
Meera huffed. 'I hear he flew Girlie back from Manila for the funeral. First class. First class! I think she thought it was she that had died and gone to heaven. A free trip to visit Davina is what it was.'
'Meera!' Norm admonished.
'You know what I mean, lah.'
Percy remained silent. There was significant information he could add, but he wasn't sure he wanted to. While it might alter their view of what Hester's husband had said, equally it may not. And did it matter, either way? Percy's tales were always regarded as parables, but far from an illustration of a universal truth, the story he had in mind was a factual recount of deception. A worthy metaphor, maybe, but today Percy couldn't be bothered with Norm's gasping wonder, or Meera's polite struggle to seek out meaning. And, most significantly, it might test their view of him as Prophet. He had overheard Hester telling Davina that she wasn't sure if one of the miracles had been a fraud of some sort. Then, one evening soon after, she had lowered her ageing frame into the seat next to Percy on her veranda, with tears welling in her eyes. They were alone, because Hester had ushered everyone away, including a thirsty Trudy. Percy had not meant to ask if Hester was okay, but the question had fallen from his mouth of its own accord. This, it appeared, was the price of learning to show interest. Hester revealed the problem, relating what he'd already overheard her saying to Davina. Percy had replied by saying he didn't know if it was a fraud, and that he had never been sure why these things happened around him. He ventured that perhaps all the miracles were a deception and she had laughed, openly admiring his humbleness.
'No,' she had said, 'I know what I have seen, and I trust those who claim the same. But I do not trust one man, one I have seen inviting people to be cured by him; claiming he has special powers. I saw you cure this man myself. Now, he is setting himself up as a faith healer. He was escorted away, of course, not long after I spotted him. But I hope he did not pretend that you'd cured him, or that you support him in any way.'
'Are you okay, Percy?' asked Meera, interrupting the memory. 'Your drink is melting.'
'I'm fine.'
'It might help to share?'
Percy declined, saying he had nothing to share, unless she meant his drink.
Norm's arm suddenly shot out, Cocoa straining. He reeled her in. A passing poodle made up of a series of white puffy balls, pendulous scrotum swinging, had grabbed his pet's attention. 'Perhaps we should have gone to the funeral regardless of her husband,' he said. 'He had no right to deny us our goodbyes.'
Percy looked from Norm to Joyann, wondering if she might lend some perspective on the issue, but she was sitting as he was, quietly. Within moments he again found himself drifting. It seemed ludicrous to think Hester was dead. The temple room, Hester's vocal support, her financial offerings, all of it gone. A stroke was the cause, but a brain tumour had been found. He didn't know if one was linked with the other. Could this have made her act in the way she did? Could her belief have been nothing more than a brain tumour? Does an idea formed from chaotic cells have more or less worth than any other?
Norm patted Percy's arm. 'Percy, you have the ear of God. How might we celebrate Hester's life? Is there some way we could say goodbye, the Following way?'
Percy shrugged. Why was it that without her he felt alone? He hadn't even liked her particularly, at the outset, though he'd liked her well enough at the end.
'There is no body to bury just as there is nobody to send him off to, Norm.' said Phrike, still a firm non-believer, 'and there is absolutely no sense.' 
Meera nudged him in rebuke, her long black hair falling across her face as she moved. Phrike reached out and pushed it back, tucking a lock behind her ear.
The weather for the day was yet to properly reveal itself, although the morning so far had been fine and clear, a steady thirty degrees. Sitting behind the group of five was the pierced, orangey, Indian woman who'd frequented The Bean for as long as Percy could remember. He had spotted her the moment she'd arrived. She had not changed at all, yet it seemed an age ago that he would come here by himself and watch people like her drift in and out, day after day. Now, instead of sitting alone, he held council, encouraged faith, unwound issues and increasingly spent time being watched himself, and adored. The precise millisecond he had crossed from reluctant victim to willing Prophet, was not known to him; all he knew was that now he was certain of himself. Did she know about him, this orangey woman?
'Percy?' Norm was clearly determined Percy should help.
Okay Norm, Percy thought, you need me but I have no idea what to do. 'I think it is important we take some individual time to reflect upon what we have lost,' he offered, for want of anything better. 'And instead of coming together in our grief, we must contemplate it alone. Let's consider our personal loss and what it means to us separately.' Percy realised this off-the-cuff statement not only freed him from having to comfort others, but neatly avoided having to create an official funeral service to support that comfort. All in all, it appeared that a faith built upon the whims of one man was a fairly easy thing to operate. 
'And we should think of what the Lord above us may have gained.' added Norm, wistfully.
Inwardly Percy cringed. Despite having thought a great deal about it, he still could not believe in God. If he were going to become the more prescriptive prophet Hester had wanted, and that he now felt he should be, then one way or another God was going to have to go. Outwardly, he gave the faintest of nods. 
He was aware of Joyann smirking. She was enjoying watching him squirm, he knew. Even though the new religion was created off the back of something started without either him or his approval, Percy himself had always managed to avoid any direct reference to the existence of God, even when others spoke of Him. Purpose he could cope with, even fate and destiny had found a place in his psyche, but God - an actual deity - was an impossible notion.
'Poor Hester,' said Meera, sadly, 'I think it was horrible to die from something she would never have caught in her home country.'
'It wasn't dengue that killed her,' corrected Norm. 'That was a rumour. She had a stroke and then…'
'The tumour?' interrupted Meera.
 'No. After the stroke poor old Hester contracted pneumonia. That's what actually did for her.'
Meera looked horrified. 'A stroke, a tumour AND pneumonia. That is a determined death.'
'The dengue rumour was started by some dimwit,' he went on, 'because they'd heard Hester's husband moaning that they'd need to fog the place more often in order to be rid of the mosquitoes brought in on the sweaty clothes of disciples. I mean, really? How insulting. I am never sweaty.'
Meera wrinkled her nose. 'No! And neither am I. And I do not think mosquitoes are carried on sweat. Are they?'
'You know,' Norm continued, indignation growing, 'that man, her husband, blames us for it all. Says she wore herself out for Following. He said we never thanked her for letting us worship there. Such a rude man.'
Percy again privately cringed. Being adored was still embarrassing when expressed so blatantly, and the word worship made him feel odd. 
Phrike stood up. 'I'd like a coffee. Anyone else?'
'I'd like another iced tea. I'll help carry,' said Meera, rising to her feet even before Phrike had established how many drinks he needed to get. As it was, everyone wanted something.
When both were out of earshot, Joyann gave a hint of what was keeping her so quiet. 'Is Phrike still married?' The question was aimed not at Percy, but at Norm. 'Only he and Meera seem very open about their… friendship. It does not seem right. They make me feel complicit.'
'I believe he is,' Norm replied. 'At least, I think he is.'
'He is,' confirmed Percy. 'But we shouldn't judge them. We know nothing about his marriage, or the nature of their friendship.' He felt his face flush a little and hoped Norm did not see.
Joyann's mouth fell open and she shook her head. Slowly, she smiled. 'Percy, yet again you seem different today. Less unpleasant.' With her final word spoken, she spluttered a little laugh, 'I am sorry. That was wrong of me. I meant your new tendency to be open minded suits you.'
'No offence taken. But thanks for worrying.'
'I wasn't.'
Norm suddenly placed his open palm across his chest, lightly touching the pale blue linen of his shirt. 'I knew I had something to tell you. Trudy! She is going away.' Norm looked at his phone screen before correcting himself, 'Actually, she has gone.' 
'Away?' asked Joyann.
'Yes. Yesterday.'
'Where?' Percy was surprised. He thought he knew the movements of his original disciples: Meera often absent, Norm ever present, Hester dead and Trudy just sort of there. She'd made no mention of leaving. 
Norm took a dramatically deep breath, tugged Cocoa's lead for good measure, and gushed information. 'Well. You know those two Aussie women that used to drink in here? You know the pair, wearing Maxi dresses and huge Chanel sunglasses and fancy nails and everything? Loud. Trudy met them through the Young Leader's Wives Association.'
'The what?' Percy cried.
Norm explained, talking quickly as if emphasising the irrelevance of the detail. 'Oh, just some club for the wives of company executives, I think. She met them there, at a talk by some eminent plastic surgeon. Anyway, they wanted to start a business, so they've gone to Bali for two months to research sarongs, or something. They are going to import them into Singapore, maybe even sell them all around the world. Exciting, isn't it?'
'The two we used to see in here? With that English woman? I can't see Trudy lasting five minutes with that pair. A couple of bloody harpies.'
'Percy!' Joyann remonstrated, 'you know nothing about them. You are very up and down with your behaviour. One moment you are Percy Prophet and the next Mister Misery is knocking on the door shouting I am back.' Joyann added a grumpy voice to her impression. 'How can you know they are so bad, just sitting and watching them? You have no idea what sort of people they are. Now who is judging.'
'There is rash conclusion and there is educated judgement, Joyann. I do know what sort of people they are: unpleasant.'
'How can you say that?'
'Easy. Unpleasant. You see, I said it again.'
'Maybe you are not such a changed man, after all, Mister Misery,' she said.
Percy laughed. 'Come on. They were awful, Joyann. It doesn't take a genius to spot someone inherently selfish and mean.'
She stared. 'And this from you?'
'Now you're the one being mean,' he replied.
'I for one hope Trudy makes a success of it,' she said, looking to Norm with a bright and positive expression. 'I think it is just the thing to take her mind off losing Hester. And she enjoys things like that. Doesn't she?'
'I agree, dear friend,' Norm patted her hand. 'And Percy, she gave me this note to give to you.' Norm pulled a square of folded paper from his shirt pocket. 
Percy took it, 'Have you read it?'
'No. Why would I? It's addressed to you.'
Meera returned to the table with the first of the drinks. 'Are you all free for the rest of the day?' she asked, setting them down.
'I have to go to work,' replied Joyann.
'Shame. You two? Norm? Percy?'
'I'm free,' said Norm.
'Why?' asked Percy, stuffing the note in the back pocket of his shorts.
'Because Phrike and I are going to the matinee performance of Cinderel-Lah, and wondered if you would care to join us. I was given some tickets by a client.'
'And how are things going in the beauty trade?' Percy asked, 'still experimenting with sandwich fillers?'
Meera smiled widely, 'I had finally forgotten about that, Percy. No, I have not needed to use my lunch on anyone since that day. But if it is a story you want, then I can tell you that I did have a man come and see me last week, for back waxing. European man. Very hairy. So hairy that I had to wax right up his neck. I was a bit distracted and took off some of the hair on the back of his head.'
'Some of the hair?' questioned Percy.
'Yes,' agreed Meera, matter of factly, 'about four centimetres, I think.'
'Four centimetres! What did he say?'
'I don't know. He didn't speak very good English. Maybe he didn't notice and was talking about something else. I don't know.' She picked up a large plastic cup filled with iced tea and sucked the straw. 'It was the shape of a spring roll, I suppose.'
Phrike arrived and sat down with the last of the drinks.
'So,' Meera continued, also sitting, 'are you two coming to the pantomime?'
'I will,' said Norm, enthusiastically, 'I hear it is very amusing, and I haven't been to one in years. We lived in London for a while and used to go then. I absolutely loved it.'
Percy let out a grumbling sound. 'I hear there is a scene where the ugly sisters hit their Filipino maid with an iron before locking her in a cupboard. And the maid isn't even Cinderella.'
'Ah! Percy! It's a spoof of life in Singapore,' Meera defended, scowling. 'Chinese people being Indian, Indian people being Chinese. It's funny.'
'I am sure it's hilarious,' he replied, levelly, 'but I think I will give it a miss. Perhaps I might paint a wall and watch it dry, instead. Or set fire to my fingers.'
'And here we have Mister Misery again,' remarked Joyann. 'Feeling more your old self, Percy?'
'I never was not myself.' 
'Ooo,' Norm wriggled in his seat, 'there was me expecting a quiet day, and now this. I'm looking forward to this afternoon. If Verity wasn't working I'm sure she would have liked to come.'
'Really? And what about some personal reflection upon the loss of a great friend? When will you do that, Norm?' Percy sipped his coffee, raising an eyebrow in challenge as he did so.
Norm's excitement crumpled. Looking away, he neatened his already tidy white hair with manicured fingertips.
'That was very unkind, Percy.' Joyann put her hand on Norm's arm. 'You may grieve however you feel is right, and whenever and wherever you want, Norman,' she said, sagely, 'and if that is after seeing Cinderel-Lah then it is okay.'
He did not look particularly reassured, but nodded.
Percy turned his focus to Phrike, 'And you are the last person I would expect to go to a panto.'
Phrike shrugged, 'Somewhere to sit in relative comfort.'
He looked his friend up and down, 'You're a bit big to be finding comfort in a theatre.'
'It's fine. There's a bar.'
'Come on, Percy,' encouraged Meera, 'what else are you going to do?'
'Honestly? I expect to be savaged by my wife in just under one hour.'
'You are seeing her today? An hour is very soon.' Joyann said, surprised. She glanced at her tiny gold wristwatch.
'No. I think it will take just under an hour for her to finish me off.'
Joyann shook her head, puzzled.
'A joke. Sorry. Yes, I am meeting her in just under an hour. She's coming to the house to talk about the landlord and rental stuff.'
Phrike drew air through his teeth in sympathy, eyes narrowed.
Seeming to have taken control of his guilty conscience, Norm spoke boldly. 'Stay away. Don't go home. You've lost a friend, too. Come with us.'
Percy decided he would do as Norm suggested and not go back, but instead of the pantomime he thought he might go for a walk. Sal would have nothing to say that he hadn't already heard, and that she couldn't say again by phone.
16. EXPATATION
The loss of the temple room forced Following to meet differently. Percy told everyone not to mind too much. Formed from the original Discussion Group, which met all over Singapore, inside and outside, on beaches and in bars, Following was returning to its roots. 
Percy was careful to avoid public venues, informed by Joyann that open green spaces were not the free places they might seem. He already knew this. The Discussion Group had always taken care and now Following would too. Be more careful, in fact, because unlike The Discussion Group, it really did fall outside of the law.
Joyann explained that speeches must be given in specific locations, but even talking in Speakers Corner required a permit. The ten-dollar application should outline the proposed topic, which must exclude politics and religion. Inspired by Speakers Corner in London, this platform, she told him, was mostly empty. Percy asked her whether this organised space also had a pre-prepared soap box on which to stand; perhaps a spice box, given modern Singapore's history. In London, people just brought anything along, he told her; a box, a step ladder, whatever they had. How fitting it would be for the best prepared 'free' space in the world to be the most prohibitive. She'd replied by saying she didn't know.
Private rooms in private clubs, Percy discovered, suited his purpose better. And while he was not paid, he was well catered for. In an exclusive expat club, not far from his home, Percy was standing before a large group of wealthy followers; some loyal, some relatively new. A few were not yet part of Following at all, simply club members vaguely interested in hearing the words of a rising star. 
During the journey in the taxi, he had thought hard about what it was he wanted to say and the message he should convey. The social group was of a kind he was yet to encounter regularly, and Percy was not sure if his normal approach would suffice. By the time the short drive was over, Percy hadn't come up with very much beyond that which every other religion already had dibs on, such as not being greedy, not lying, not worshipping false idols, and so on. He wished he could remember more about mainstream faith. Even the few times he'd turned up for Sunday school might help. His most prominent memory was useless; him rushing home after his first session to declare that he hated it, since all they talked about was God. His mother asked him what he had expected. He'd reminded her that he had not asked to go. 
Walking into the club, Percy's focus was on colouring-in, rather than his sermon, for the only memory of Sunday School itself had emerged from the despair of that time. Pictures of donkeys, kings, stars, and a gloomy Jesus nailed to the cross. He'd quite enjoyed colouring that one, though got into trouble for the excessive use of red. And there was the picture of Mary with baby Jesus; a halo hovering behind his tiny head, the circle not yet the crown of thorns to come. Percy had said little baby Jesus, so tiny and so small, in a silly voice, over and over again. There ended his memories.
The crowd inside was way past colouring-in books, he hoped, and certainly funny voices wouldn't do. Besides, he didn't have any books or voices to offer. It seemed his regular format was all he had, a unique system of lecturing involving no lecturing whatsoever, because he still had not formulated a single word of doctrine. He hadn't been in a rush to be more prescriptive because his usual approach worked well. Why pressure himself?  But tonight, he suspected it was a long shot. In his limited experience, the average up-your-own-arse expat tended to aggressively defend conformity. What had always been should always be. The few he'd met, through excruciating dinner parties with Sal, had turned on him viciously when challenged about unethical treatment of domestic help, or asked to justify why Tarquin's teachers should accept his terrible behaviour just because his parents were paying. If what you've said is true, you couldn't pay me enough to put up with the little wanker, he'd said. This had earned him a bloody nose.
So, Percy's opening moments were set to offer nothing to the audience but the tried and tested quiet of the temple room. They would receive no welcome, hear no joke or clever phrase to break the ice, just a cold silence continuing for as long as anyone cared, or dared, to make it. To kick-start the session all anyone had to do was speak. In the temple room, this successfully forced disciples into questioning him at the beginning rather than the end, thus avoiding the need for thinking up an actual, meaningful sermon. It this new arena, he hoped it would do the same. And he hated bluster, anyway. He'd seen God channels. There was too much hot air. Besides, as a man very able to think on his feet, Percy was particularly quick witted in the face of those he considered inferior, making this a perfect approach. Still, the night ahead made him uneasy.
Given the choice, of course, he would avoid such people altogether, but he had to face these people tonight. The meeting was part of a bigger picture; a tiny but essential fragment of his journey, a steppingstone along the muddy path Percy had decided to follow. And should anyone realise that for now their Prophet had absolutely nothing to say unless spoken to first, wasn't a worry. Any doubters daring to directly challenge him would be spurned with a stern, rapidly becoming stock, response:
Do you consciously tell your lungs to breathe? No. Do you force your eyelids to remain open so you can see? No. Do you order your stomach to digest the food you have chosen to swallow (this, Percy liked especially)? No. Tell me what you want to know and I promise to answer you, but I will never tell you how to breathe, only to close your eyes when you need to rest and eat the food your body requires.
 It wouldn't remain true, he knew, and to some extent he did already express opinions, but for now, it was perfect.
*
Standing at the front of a sea of oversized sunglasses riding on waves of blond hair or swathes of black, with bald men stuffed into stiff collars wearing extravagant watches on thick sun-spotted wrists, was easier than Percy had expected. Certainly, this was a far different crowd than he was used to, for although nationalities were of the typical mix, the social group was unusually homogenous. It was a great mound of exactly the sort of person he disliked. Imperious, arrogant and condescending, believing themselves to be superior to all but their closest friends, who were, of course, also superior. Sal's kind of people. Tarquin's kind of people, the little tosspot.
As planned, Percy stood very still and waited for silence. A large door at the back of the room eased open and Norm slipped in, accompanied by Meera. They were waving, half saying hello and half apologising. Percy reflected with regret how once upon a time Hester and Trudy would have been there too. Never Phrike and never Joyann. A thought jolted uncomfortably, causing Percy to scan the room. With relief, he could see that Sal had not sneaked in. Why she might do this he did not know, but since being a prophet had become a more serious occupation and she had upped the pressure on him to leave, his ex-wife had begun to invade his thoughts again.
Resisting the temptation of saying Good Evening, Percy waited in silence until tension began to grow at the sight of him, a man seeming to be leading a meeting but refusing to either begin or to walk away. He could see Norm, now comfortably settled, virtually bursting with excitement. Meera, on the other hand, was, as usual, doing something with her phone.
Gradually the room fell into a hushed stillness, not yet entirely silent but almost. The grand gold-leaf decor and thick, richly coloured, carpets framed the beautifully dressed occupants.
'I am waiting,' Percy said, calmly but audibly, in an unusual breaking of his private rule. It was taking too long.
The crowd stared back, and the required silence now shrouded them completely. But Percy continued to wait, counting to sixty in his head before repeating the statement. It was not coming easily, but the show had to go on. The silence broke once more. In the front row, an elegantly dressed thirty-something expat placed an empty wine glass at her highly-groomed feet.
 'Waiting for what?' she asked.
'Well, I'm waiting for my drink,' a similarly attired neighbour grumbled. 'Where is that damn girl? Do you want another, Minty?' 
'Yes please.'
Percy watched as the two women continued their exchange. They appeared to enjoy the attention.
From the back of the room a uniformed young woman appeared carrying a tray of drinks. Carefully, she began handing them round, the miracle not that she transported so many without spilling a drop, but that she could remember who had ordered what. When finally she reached the front row, she smoothly passed a large glass of white wine into waiting manicured fingers, and bowed her head slightly. It was nothing more than a gesture of politeness from a humble employee, and nothing she hadn't done to every single person she had served that night, and every night before.
The woman thanked the girl, but as she walked away chose to sneer a little with her friend. 'So meek, aren't they Minty. Awful isn't it? Creepy.'
Irritated, Percy stated loudly that no more drinks were to be brought into the room. A groan of disappointment rippled. The women frowned and shifted their bottoms on the red velvet cushioning. 
'I am waiting,' he said again.
'We know. We thought you were giving a talk,' said Minty, smiling a glinting white-toothed smile at her friend, who was drinking her wine as if someone else might get to it first. 'Get on with it, will you. Tell us something other than we are not allowed any more drinks!'
Percy looked at the two women, one of whom clearly did not recognise the difference between humility and subservience, the other a vain creature used to getting her own way.
He raised his eyebrows. The meeting had begun, and it would be easy after all.
*
Never before had Percy been so glad to see The Tired Turtle. Heading straight for the outdoor seating area, he grabbed the nearest stool and beckoned a waitress. Norm plonked himself down on the far side of the table, his floppy manner seeming to reflect Percy's utter weariness. Meera sat too, still absorbed in the mysteries of her phone. The waitress took their orders and returned quickly with their drinks. The bar was almost empty.
The men's eyes drifted across the traffic, which, for some unseen reason, was backed up at the junction of Sixth Avenue and Bukit Timah Road; an accident somewhere, they speculated. Neither spoke again until Percy had drained a glass of wine and tumbler of cold water before ordering more of each. He would need a good deal of medicine tonight. Norm sipped his prosecco, the partaking of alcohol now a small but regular habit. Meera had nothing.
'What time is it?' asked Norm, breaking the silence. 
'Eleven-thirty,' muttered Meera, shifting a little to make it more comfortable sitting in her royal blue silk sari-style dress.
Percy sighed.
'Tired?' asked Norm, gently.
'Of people like that, yes,' replied Percy. 'God that was awful. Although the food was excellent.'
'And they certainly bought you a lot of drinks, didn't they,' remarked Norm. 'Everyone always seems very keen to make sure you don't die of hunger or thirst, Percy.'
Percy nodded, 'That big bloke in the pink shirt gave me tickets for some show or another.'
'You took them?'
'Seemed rude not to,' said Percy, seriously.
'Are there many more meetings planned? I mean, ones like that?'
'Three more this week, possibly four.'
Meera looked up from her phone, 'Four? Wow, Percy! Things really are moving even without the temple room. I wish Hester could be here to see it all happening. Though if she were here we wouldn't be doing any of this, would we?'
'And don't forget Trudy,' added Norm. 
Meera laughed, 'She'll be back. Won't she Percy.'
'I'm surprised she's not back already.'
'Percy!' she shrieked, 'Two months doing nothing except look at sarongs, lie on the beach and eat and drink. Why would she come back early from that?'
'Why would she come back at all?' questioned Norm.
'She has been back,' Meera said, 'but only to get the next visa stamp.'
Percy groaned, 'Why would she go in the first place. Sounds bloody awful, and too much effort. Sand flies and rabies. Like the title of a horror film.'
'I'm surprised she didn't contact you when she came back, Percy,' Norm said. 'She's always had such a soft spot for you, even before Following.'
There was no response Percy was prepared to give. He had always found Trudy annoying, a woman other people expected him to put up with even when she was pressing her vagina against his face; metaphorically speaking, of course. If she were a man and he a woman, no one would have expected such a degree of tolerance. Once, he'd thought his dislike of her was because she was the same sort of person as Sal, but she was not. Trudy and Sal were nothing alike, save their vanity, and Sal had not been that way when they'd first met. Sal had always been quick witted and ambitious, fitting in anywhere she went because she could make any space the correct shape and size to accommodate her; trimming herself through cosmetic surgery proved nothing different. Trudy was a lost soul, insecure, adrift, inadequate in her own eyes; a victim.
The note from Trudy had been tossed into the kitchen bin. Percy did not put it in with the waste paper because The Kraken would certainly have read it whilst in the process of repositioning the basket itself. But it hadn't been thrown away unread. Over a cup of tea and a gluten-free biscuit too crumbly to enjoy, Percy discovered the note was an apology for leaving without any goodbyes, and a statement saying that with Hester gone she would not be part of Following anymore. She loved Percy, but aside from the first, overwhelming, flushes that any new love brings, her passion had brought only regret. Sarongs and Bali would bring a steady sort of happiness once more. She asked him to destroy the note. Even a love-sick puppy knows it might get into trouble for shitting on its own doorstep, Percy had thought, as he buried her words amongst used teabags.
On the table next to them, a small group of older, weathered-looking men were also enjoying The Tired Turtle, and growing rowdier by the moment. As the only other patrons, they were hard to ignore.
'On leave from the rigs,' Norm whispered. 'They'll drink themselves silly. Haven't touched booze for three months.'
'How do you know that?' asked Percy.
In reply, Norm made a peculiar face, giving him the look of a vulnerable budgie. Percy could not decipher its meaning, and chose not to pursue it.
'Ignore them. Not our problem,' Percy reassured.
As if they had heard his words, the men suddenly began talking about Meera. At first it was amongst themselves, inappropriate and too loud, but not overtly threatening. Meera, as always, was made up strikingly, a fine advert for her job. With a full and voluptuous figure, she was an obvious target for predatory drunks caged up for months on end. In their eyes, Norm and Percy did not exist.
All too soon, innuendo expanded into abuse.
Though she could not have mistaken either sentiment or possible intent, Meera did not flinch. While the men threw about their sexual frustration as if it were a toy to be flung from the pram, so she continued to focus on her phone. Percy watched as her fingers trembled a little, the only indication that she might not be as calm as she appeared. In contrast, Norm's face revealed a fast-growing nervousness, as if he were afraid; not from inexperience, but rather, experience. A difficult situation was certainly unfolding, and with a clear tightening of his lips and widening of his eyes, Norm's manner revealed to Percy that if things were to get out of hand, Percy might be sole defender.
It was fortunate, then, that Percy was not afraid. Something else was rising inside his chest, a feeling insuppressibly powerful. A billowing anger was climbing through him, picking up all the resentment of the last year and more; a huge rolling force, gathering up the debris of his life and moulding it into a missile. A compact ball of hate. Unlike many who languish and decay under the guise of misanthropy - deluded in their belief that misery is a safe mask - Percy genuinely had little time for people and no fear of anyone. Apart from The Kraken. But these men were not his big-faced maid. Before Following, Percy found that this lack of cowardice was the only quality ever to stir admiration in others, although, like the rest of his make-up, this quirk could be viewed simply as one of Nature's little jokes. For Percy did not bravely conquer fear, any more than he could make an effort to be pleasant. Fear, real fear, was a missing emotion, particularly so when swimming in alcohol. And sometimes, when the friendly edge that booze allowed him to borrow unexpectedly dropped away, a demon would come. Helpfully, so it was tonight. 
Permitting the drunken oil workers a few moments more to consider drawing back from their course, Percy prepared. 
They did not stop. Instead, the barracking grew louder, laced with graphic descriptions of what they would like to do to Meera. They remarked on her skin colour, and offered descriptions of what they imagined she would feel like under them, and the sound she would make. 
Meera stopped what she was doing. 'What would your wives think of you now, huh? Your daughters? Your mothers?' Her voice was strong, though Percy knew her well enough to hear the worry.
'Ahhh,' slurred one, 'but we don't want to fuck them!' 
The other men roared drunkenly, clearly thinking the comeback was the funniest thing they had ever heard.
'You are all old enough to know better!' Meera snapped.
A man who looked ten years older than his companions, laughed. 'We just want to get to know you better! What's wrong with that?'
Percy jumped to his feet. 'Shut the fuck up. You've said enough!'
The men again roared with laughter.
Norm stood up, shakily. 'Come on, Percy, let's just go. It really isn't worth it. Trust me.'
At this, the waitress gave Percy a desperate look of appeal. If they left, she and her single colleague would be alone.
But Percy's eyes were on the men. 'We're not going anywhere, Norm. Why should we leave? I was enjoying my drink.' 
'Norm? He your little wife, is he?' said the eldest. Again, the group dissolved into fits of laughter. 'We definitely don't want to fuck him!'
'Oh, I don't know though…' said another. The laughter rumbled on.
Percy noticed his friend reading something into the situation that he, Percy, could not. So often, Norm wore an expression Percy found indecipherable. 
The men remained seated, swigging beers and smiling, although none looked quite as easy as they had. Where only seconds before they had been showing off, now a few privately muttered words were being exchanged. The situation was increasingly unstable.
'Last chance. Keep yourselves to yourselves,' growled Percy, 'and leave everyone else alone.' The hot ball in his chest was bursting for exit. 'And I mean everyone.'
'Nah,' said the older man, no longer smiling. He placed his beer bottle on the table, and circled the rim with his middle finger. 'We're fine talking to her, thanks.' His gaze drifted across to Meera, who had moved seats. 'Why don't you come and sit with us, love?' he said, voice so soft it was as if he were genuinely wooing a lover. 'You and your two lovely friends, there? And I don't mean those two pricks,' he added, jerking a thumb at Percy and Norm. 'I mean those lovelies. They look like they're struggling to get out. Happy to oblige.' His eyes lowered to her breasts. 'Beautiful.'
Percy took a few steps, to stand at their table.
'Sit down if you like.'
 The fiery ball finally exploded.
Snatching up a bottle, he swiftly cracked it into a weapon, before sweeping everything else to the floor. 'Apologise!' he demanded with a hiss, ragged glass in hand. 
'I was just admiring. You can't glass a bloke for that.' The man turned and smiled at his companions, 'But you have to agree, she probably sucks dick. Suck your dick does she?'
'Apologise, you dirty fucking bastard.' Percy pointed the broken bottle.
Hands went up, as if in surrender, though faces said it wasn't over. 'Hey. Steady. I'm just getting up. We'll go. No harm done, okay? We're just having a laugh.'
'Not okay. Don't move another fucking inch until you apologise, or I'll cut your fucking throat!'
Frantically, the two waitresses moved to the back of the bar and began telephoning. In disbelief and alarm, Norm and Meera ran to be with them, staring back at Percy.
Drenched and covered in shards of glass, the men ignored Percy and stood up. One lunged forward causing Percy to strike out, catching an arm and slicing it deeply. Time suspended for the shortest of moments, as blood began to pour. Then tables tipped and chairs flew to one side, as the men took hold of him.
17. PHRIKE OF NATURE
Percy was dragged into an obscure world of stamping and kicking and punching, the stink of beer and cigarettes smothering him as drool and phlegm spattered. As his face briefly cuffed the ground, fine grit coated his teeth, the peculiarly earthy yet empty flavour of the city filling his mouth. Blood swamped his vision and covered his lips, and soon the strange iron flavour of it smothered everything else. No time to spit and rid himself of the slippery grime. He had always been a bleeder, or so his mother said. 
Before going down, Percy had struck out and landed some decent blows, grasping one man by his shirt collar and twisting them both as they fell. That man now lay sprawled beneath him, crushed at the bottom of the pile. Percy's fingers were squeezing what felt like a neck, although he couldn't be sure despite the sound of gurgling and gasping breaking through the commotion. Eyes partially blinded by blood, Percy could not have seen the man's face, had he wanted to. 
A searing pain shafted through Percy's lower back, a hard kick or the blow of a blunt weapon, he couldn't tell. He retched and gagged with the urge to vomit, but could not let go of the neck. His hands seemed to have taken on a life of their own, the skin of his fingers bonding with the skin of his enemy, creating a seamless hold. His hands were stuck; recoil impossible. Was it murderous intent or keeping an adversary down; Percy did not know. The roar of battle howled in his ears, the pleading yelps of Norm and the others barely audible. 
But then came a new noise, and activity different from before. The men on Percy's back seemed to peel away one by one. As he turned, through a mist of red, Percy saw the wonderful khaki form of Phrike, a great thunderous mountain of a man, hurling aside bodies as if they were no more than toys. After they fell, the troublemakers scattered, running as best they could towards Bukit Timah Road, stationary traffic offering an easy exit and numerous taxis to hide in. Soon, only one man remained, trapped and throttled beneath the Prophet.
 Percy's hands kept squeezing. He leaned in, and against a sticky ear whispered quietly so no one else could hear, 'I judge you, and find you guilty.' 
Phrike pulled him off. The last man down remained motionless. 
Meera, Norm and the waitresses slowly came forward.
'Is he dead?' Covering his mouth, Norm peered at the man's face.
'Is he, Phrike?' asked Meera, fearfully, 'Phrike? Is he dead?'
'Oh, my. He's purple,' observed Norm.
'He's a piss head. He was that colour before,' muttered Percy, as he staggered back and collapsed onto a stool. 'Not drinking for three months. My fucking arse.'
Percy's own face looked red and raw, streaked with dirt and blood, shirt normally so clean now filthy and torn. The fight had been short and brutal.
Phrike grabbed the strangled man's face between finger and thumb in a broad pinch and shook it vigorously, before slapping him on both cheeks. After a few seconds a groan pushed out, and slowly his eyes opened. The focus was not on Phrike, but Percy. Percy saw him looking and when he was sure he had his full attention, once more mouthed the words just whispered.
'Move!' Phrike ordered.
The injured man remained motionless.
'Come on,' growled Phrike, insistently, 'get up!' With his foot, he nudged an arm. 
The man started rousing himself.
'He's fine,' Phrike declared. 'Better than he should be, anyway.'
Croaking, the wreck clutched his own throat.
'Hurt to talk, does it? Perhaps you'd better watch your fucking mouth in future,' Phrike spat. 'If I'd been here earlier you'd be fucking dead, mate. Now piss off.'
'Police are coming,' announced a waitress, with an urgent tone. 'You should go. CCTV does not work, broken, now just for show. Camera in the street points only at the intersection. No one need know if you go now. Quick. All of you must go.' She made a shooing motion with her arms, before looking down at the man on the floor and giving him a swift kick. Leaning over him she shouted, 'You not allowed in this bar again! Understand! Pig! Maybe not allowed in Singapore!' At the sound of distant sirens, she looked to Percy. 'Go!'
The four friends hurried from the bar, turning swiftly into the quiet residential roads that would help conceal them, should the police decide to look. The maze of back streets twisted and wound, occasionally opening onto undeveloped land, all places the rig men - if that is what they were - would never know to walk. There, the four voices tumbled undetected into dark gardens, echoing unheard amongst the wide, empty drains; drifting safely through the trees. The words shared were very different from those uttered on the same streets by Hester, Trudy, Norm and Meera as they tried to convince Percy of his destiny. Rather than measured persuasion, tonight's words were an excited analysis of dramatic events; events, they agreed, that with the exception of Meera, they were all a good twenty years too old for.
*
Phrike put the kettle on. Norm had been insistent that Percy shower, but all Percy wanted was a cup of tea and his armchair. Norm had relented. He offered to tend Percy's wounded face, asking in a way suggestive of the fact he didn't expect him to agree. He didn't.
But Percy did compromise, and washed his hands with soapy water, carefully daubing the places on his face that did not hurt too much to touch. Meera fussed over him and pointed out that, however painful, he must wash properly and cleanse the cuts and grazes, for a tropical climate was the perfect platform for bacterial infection. Her delivery of this fact reminded him of Sal. Did he want his face to rot, was the question she asked, backing it up with a gory tale of a long dead family member whose once fleshy thigh succumbed to necrosis, after a deep puncture wound. The leg had come off, or, as she corrected, had been amputated. Percy's head might not be so lucky. Percy smiled weakly through the discomfort. Meera's determination to ram home the message meant she was indeed like Sal, which made him realise that despite his ex-wife's presence in his thoughts again, he did not miss her. At first, the freedom she'd thrown at him thrashed about uncontrolled, as if he had never known it before. He had forgotten how to manage independence, which was unnerving. Now, he realised that he loved it.
Phrike also rinsed away the worst of the night, the filthy reminder that civility and respect are so often a veneer, a thin skin floating on crap. Once clean, he made everyone a cup of tea and sat down on the sofa. Meera settled next to him. Norm perched at the end.
Exhausted and marginally cleaner, Percy sank into his favourite chair with relief and closed his eyes. He would have preferred to be alone, so he could sleep, but understood that he must not eject a single person from the room. That old and unfriendly Percy Field was under the control of the newer version, and this updated model had responsibilities. He opened his eyes and watched his friends sipping tea together for a moment, before closing them again to think.
He knew that sober, the men he'd fought might very well have politely opened a door for Meera, and, standing aside to allow her to pass, their private thoughts would have remained just that. They may even have defended her against the very people they had become, if, by chance, they had been spectators rather than instigators. But it was not enough. Percy snorted gruffly to himself as he thought. It was not enough to simply try and suppress vicious ways, for what happened when loaded frustration met with an easy target, as it had tonight? Pent up sexual desire, excess alcohol, peer approval, inherent disrespect, had come together with frightening consequences. But their behaviour, Percy also knew, was not entirely the result of months spent far away from booze and women. Other men managed. Most managed. Sexual predation was unacceptable. There was no excuse for such base and aggressive behaviour, so the question was, should they be brought to justice? He suggested it.
Meera spoke with a tired blend of appreciation and cynicism. 'And who can prove any of it, Percy? Our word against theirs. No video footage, no witnesses.'
'We're all witnesses.'
'But we are not independent.'
 'The waitresses.'
'Percy! They are probably here on work permits, but maybe they are not. They can't help. Those men were just silly drunks, randy old men. Sure, we could probably track them down, but really, what for? What difference would it make?'
'This is not an innocent-until-proven-guilty society, Meera. Quite the reverse. We have a serious chance of getting them to court.'
'Percy Field, you dare to lecture me on the legal system of my own country? I know how it works. But I for one do not want to stand up in front of a judge and explain what I was doing in a bar at midnight with two middle-aged expat men.'
'Hardly the point,' replied Percy. 'And what you describe - being with us, in a bar - so what? It means absolutely nothing, Meera. You know that. It's not the dark ages.'
'Maybe it means nothing to you. It does to me. And another thing, we are not talking about local men here, Percy, but men from powerful countries. These men have large companies behind them. You think they will stand by and watch them go to prison for telling a Singaporean girl she is pretty?'
'Hardly what happened,' Percy retorted, 'some of the things they said were disgusting.'
'Says who? We did not even try to explain ourselves to the police.' Meera paused, seeming to weigh up her next statement, 'In fact, from the outside, it looks as if we left a man for dead.'
'But the waitresses…'
'The waitresses! No, Percy! They will not help. Trust me.'
Phrike squeezed Meera's arm gently, before letting it go. 'I think she's right. If we were going to pursue it, we should have taken our chances with the police.'
'Then why did we leave?' asked Norm.
'You want to spend a night in the police station?' asked Meera.
'It's not that bad. I should know,' Percy murmured.
Meera was quick. 'You think? Percy, like it or not, you half killed a man tonight. You, my friend, would be in Changi before you could say Following, not in a comfy booth at traffic police headquarters.'
'Do you think the waitresses will identify you?' questioned Norm.
'No,' replied Percy, 'why would they? One was trying to help by telling us to leave.'
'Exactly,' said Meera, 'she did not want to be involved. Just as I told you.'
The leaden gloom following the high of contest soon began to weigh on them all. Chatter gave way to subdued reflection, as heavy limbs and misty brains began to plead for sleep. One by one, Percy's friends drifted away, taxis, as usual, arriving mere minutes after being summoned, despite the hour. Finally alone, Percy picked up the dirty mugs and put them in the sink. Washing up could wait for The Kraken.
As he locked up the ground floor, Percy's injuries stirred from beneath the cover of adrenalin. He knew that by delaying his shower he had set himself up for an even more miserable experience than it might have been. Dragging himself up the staircase, Percy thought that while he had thanked Phrike for helping him, he had not discovered how he happened to be there. Not even Meera had asked, he realised. She must have called him. Perhaps Joyann was right, perhaps they were being too casual about their friendship, or affair, or whatever it was. Maybe this deception might be a starting point for the doctrine he planned to begin writing. He shook his head a little. Perhaps this was not the best place to start, after all. Though he would probably now cancel, he was meant to be meeting Vee again in the morning. Turning on the shower the only word he could think of was hypocrite.
18. RESTRUCTURING AND WELLIES
Under the gaze of fearsome eyes, Percy perched on a step, fingers lightly cradling a plastic bottle of water, condensation long gone and taking the refreshing coolness with it. That so much had happened since his last visit to Haw Par Villa seemed extraordinary. The nineteen fifties theme park, filled with oversized statues of animals and gods, caught his imagination as much today as it had the first time he'd visited.
'You are a great success, I hear.' Joyann sat down beside him, her neat black skirt tucked modestly between calf and thigh. The giant figure of a wild looking gorilla loomed above.
Percy shrugged, and smiled warmly at her. 'Watch out for the ants, some of those nasty red buggers around. They're so big they could be one of the bloody exhibits.'
Meeting Joyann was his first venture back into the outside world since the fight. Apart from the occasional late night swim taken when the worst of his wounds had properly sealed against infection, Percy had not left the house in two weeks. In the water the scabs of war thickened and softened, floating off into the clear blue consommé of leaves, goggles, used plasters and gobs of snot.
During the fortnight of recuperation, The Kraken had kept him fed, run errands that could not wait, and generally risen to the challenge of caring for a man for whom she had no respect, and who clearly did not like her. For now, a mutual need bonded them: a desire to be private and suffer in peace; a chance to earn a few extra dollars and gawp at his injuries, close-up.
'You look very much better than you did,' Joyann remarked. 'When I came to your house last week, you looked like a man who should be in hospital. It must be good to feel so much improvement. To be out of the house.'
'I didn't thank you for the fruit, and the magazines.'
Joyann waved his words away. 'Ah. No need.' She smiled, looking at him hard, 'You know, Percy, with your scars you look much more like a saviour. Like you have suffered yourself, rather than flown business class into Singapore from the comfortable middle classes of a wealthy country, on an expat package.'
Percy did not bat away her comments, nor engage in banter, as once he would have. Times had changed. He had changed.
 'I am happy for you,' she went on, 'very happy.' 
He nodded his appreciation.
'It must feel good to have so many people think you are wonderful.'
Percy swigged what was left of his now warm water, returning the pale blue cap to the top of the empty bottle. Something of the old Percy roused. Their admiration of him did not stir his respect for his admirers any more than it had ever had. 'Are you taking the piss?'
Joyann was clearly taken aback, 'Of course not. Why would I? I mean it, when I say I am happy for you.'
He accepted what she was saying, and agreed that it was good to be out. But he conceded little else. He breathed deeply. He had been in South East Asia long enough to detect the unusual hint of freshness in the atmosphere, a faint newness resting upon the humidity. Where once, in the beginning, every day could be uniformly described as unbearable and stiflingly hot, he could now appreciate subtle changes. 
'Nice day, isn't it?' he commented.
'Beautiful.'
'Not thirty-one degrees,' he said, reflectively, the beginnings of a smile in his eyes. That number was the temperature he'd once felt Singaporean authorities had conspired to present each day, regardless. It was neither too hot nor too cold, at least, not if you were used to it.
'No. Not thirty-one degrees. My phone says just twenty-nine,' Joyann chuckled lightly. 'So, Percy. Why come here? Why Haw Par Villa, again? Not that I mind. Have you fallen for this place? For the huge gods!'
'Don't start.'
'I am not. You and it are the same. So odd yet so interesting!'
He allowed the smile to form, 'I thought we should meet here because it is quiet. Because no one will recognise me. And I like it.'
'Ah,' Joyann nodded slowly, a knowing and thoughtful nod. 'Not so much fun? Being a messiah?'
'Prophet. Fun is not a feature of my life, thank God.'
'Perhaps it is more like having a mad adventure?'
'Mad does not feature either, Joyann. Nor does zany, crazy or wacky.'
'My goodness, you can be a hard man, Percy Field.'
'Not really. I just don't suffer fools gladly, that's all. You know that. I am perfectly content giving talks and leading from the front. I don't deny it took me a while to accept the idea, but… well… now, I…' he paused, reluctant to admit to his unbelieving friend that he planned to provide Following with a structured code of belief. She would use it to make jokes.
'I what?'
'I need to get back to work. There's quite a back log of meetings to get through. And a few ideas to share, that sort of thing.'
'I am sure there must be.' Joyann did not enquire any further, instead asking if he would like to walk around the park some more.
'Not really. I'm hungry. Buy you an early lunch?'
'You do not want to be recognised, you said.'
'There's a new place opened near Chip Bee Gardens.'
'That is a busy place, Percy, especially at lunchtime. Perhaps we could go somewhere else, maybe a hawker centre? A quiet one.'
'No such thing. No, this place is tucked around the corner from the main drag, with no outside seating. It's very private. It'll be fine.'
*
Joyann's caution was well founded. Lunch became a messy affair, for even though they were tucked away in the private recesses of a tiny restaurant, Percy was approached so often that neither he nor Joyann could ease into any kind of private conversation. Joyann, courteous as ever, told Percy not to worry about it, that it did not matter, but he struggled to relax and the more he was approached the crosser he became. It was not the fact that word of his presence had spread quickly; in his new frame of mind, this, he felt, was a good thing. But he simply wanted a quiet meal with a dear friend. 
'For Christ's sake, go away and give us some peace!' This repeated instruction fell on deaf ears.
On the brink of explosion, he gave up the fight, paid the bill, grumbled bitterly, and forcefully manoeuvred Joyann through the gathered crowd. In the thick of it, she yelped, immediately throwing an accusing glance into the surrounding throng. Percy asked what was wrong. Nothing she said, discretely rubbing her arm where some jealous soul had pinched as hard as they could.
'Percy, I am free for the rest the day. Why don't we go somewhere? I have not been to the bird park for some time, or the zoo, we could go to one of them, or even take a boat ride at the water safari and then walk in peace. It is term time, so I doubt there will be many people other than tourists, and they will have no idea who you are. Yes?'
Percy thought it was a good idea, though unlike Haw Par Villa, neither attraction was free or even cheap to enter. He pushed the concern aside; these days, he barely needed to spend twenty cents his disciples were so supportive, so to pay their entrance fees on top of lunch would be fine. He certainly would not want Joyann to pay for her own. This old fashioned, ingrained, chivalry annoyed him, since there was no need of it anymore. Women earned lots of money, in his experience, yet he always felt compelled to pay. Maybe this topic needed addressing in the coming doctrine. Equality would mean equally responsible.
In the taxi, Percy exchanged a look with the driver in the mirror. Despite taxis in Singapore numbering in the thousands, too often he ended up with the driver whose taxi he had soiled the night he'd fallen ill, after eating chilli crab with Joyann and The Discussion Group. This driver returned Percy's gaze and studied him for a moment, but did not utter those revealing words, no shitting, huh. Instead he asked if Percy was that Englishman who was going around telling everyone he was God.
'I told you, Percy. You must be careful,' Joyann whispered, after Percy denied it. 'If the taxi drivers are talking about it then certainly someone is watching you.'
'I've done nothing wrong.'
'Good. But take care. By giving talks in private clubs, even in this way it might seem you are promoting it.'
Percy thought about the coming doctrine. He had no doubt that a time would come when the authorities would challenge him, and wondered if formalising things might prove to be the tipping point. By having rules, The Discussion Group appeared to keep within Singapore's strict laws on gatherings, but did the same apply to religion, or would the opposite be true? He would cross that bridge when and if he came to it, he decided.
'We didn't see the Ten Courts of Hell,' he was suddenly reminded. 'At Haw Par Villa.'
'Why do you always want to walk through that part of the park? You like the idea of punishment? You want to see where you will end up? Which bridge you will cross? I can tell you. You will be on the bottom bridge with me. Hell, here we come.'
'If he is a god he won't have to cross,' the driver said, attention caught between the road and the conversation.
'I am not a god. Nor have I ever said I was. You've got the wrong man.'
The driver frowned. 'You will definitely cross the bottom bridge. I know you are the man. So now you are a liar,' he chortled, 'and greedy. You fat.'
'Hey!'
Joyann reached out a hand to settle Percy. 'He is not trying to offend you. You know that.'
'I do not.'
'Are you sure? Other expats I know are aware of this difference between our cultures. So many differences, but so much the same as well.'
'What are you talking about? Who in the hell do I know who would not take that as an insult?'
Joyann thought for a moment. 'Your friend, Amanda.'
'The Kiwi at the condo? Kristen's mate?'
'Yes. Book club Amanda. She told me that when she was pregnant her swimming instructor, a Hong Kong Chinese man, told her she looked like a great big whale. This offended her. It would not have been meant that way; as an insult, I mean.'
'That offended her?'
'Then. Not now. Now she knows.'
Percy thought about it. He was confused. Maybe he was losing his Western ways. Why was she upset? Clearly, she would have been a big thing floating in the water; maybe she was blowing at the time. He did not think it comparable to the offence the taxi driver had just caused him. 'Was she wearing a grey swimsuit?' he asked, still thinking to justify it.
Joyann laughed.
He smiled, though wasn't sure what was so funny.
*
They settled on the bird park, after Percy reminded Joyann that he did not especially like birds but had enjoyed the waterfowl they'd seen previously. This propelled her into wanting to feed the pelicans again, ears closed to his opening statement that whatever they did, he was not prepared to join in with any of the activities.
The park was quiet, and they walked much the same route as they had before, Joyann making sure to enjoy every interactive display possible; Percy forced to suffer it. When they reached the Lori-loft, he refused to enter, saying he would not feed the lorikeets again. He had hated the way they'd stood on him before, resting on his shoulder and then on his head, shuffling along his arms, vile squawking beaks seeking out the watery concoction contained within the little tubs Joyann had bought. His hand had been bandaged, he recalled, still needing a sling after his palm had been sliced open on a piece of china cat. He looked at the scar, faded now, but still pink. He looked at his other hand, cut in a similar place on a shard of broken beer bottle. 
'I forgot your wounds. The birds will probably rip them open and feed on your blood,' Joyann said. 'Better you watch. But you still have to come in.' 
'Why are you so annoying?' he asked.
'Me? I am not annoying. I am nice. Very tolerant of prophets too afraid to feed small birds.'
'I am not afraid. Birds are dirty things, full of mites and parasites. Beady eyes and pointed mouths are not a good sign in an animal.'
'So you are afraid?'
'Yes Joyann, I am afraid. I am terrified. Oh great budgie in the sky, do not smite me for hating those made in your likeness. They know not what they do.'
'What kind of prophet are you?' she said, only half smiling. 'You still do not believe in God, do you?'
'No.'
'Percy!'
He shrugged. 'I didn't say that I believed in nothing at all.'
She inspected his face and then, without offering justification, declared him a hypocrite.
'I know,' he agreed.
 'Come in with me, Percy. You do not have to feed the birds but I would like your company. Otherwise I will have to rush. A person who feels as if they spend their whole life rushing might become cross having to rush about on their day off.'
'This is why you are annoying. I'll come into the shop part of it and buy a coffee and wait for you there. But don't rush on my account. I'll be very happy just sitting and thinking of you feeding the five thousand with one wet cracker.'
He watched her walk away, and could see she was not pleased at having to go off alone. Why was it she preferred him to come with her than not, when she must know he would only moan about it? She wasn't wrong about herself, he thought, when she'd said she was tolerant. 
Before Percy had finished his drink, she reappeared.
'You rushed,' he accused.
'No. They are not hungry.'
'If there were hordes of people all doing the same thing then I'd believe you. There is no one. They're hungry. You are a martyr.'
'It's not the same on my own.'
'Oh, for God's sake! Okay.' He drank down the last of his coffee, and stomped off to buy some food. 'Two tiny tubs of water sprinkled with stale cracker dust, please,' he said to the attendant, before turning to Joyann, 'Two dollars a pot! What a rip off.'
Another member of staff overheard him. 'It is not for profit, sir.'
'Not for what?' he gasped.
'With an f,' Joyann reassured him. 'Not a p h.'
'The money raised supports conservation efforts.'
Percy was not convinced, but bought Joyann two tubs plus another for himself, one more than intended. The money was trickling away, lunch, entrance fee, coffee and now this. He was beginning to feel financially vulnerable, for if Sal stopped the small allowance she put in their account each month, he would have nothing. She paid The Kraken housekeeping money directly. He made a mental note to set up his own account. He suspected with no formal income he may not be able to do so.
*
Later, when they arrived at the pelicans, feeding time was already in full flow. Joyann bought some chopped fish and began tossing it into waiting beaks.
'Come on Percy. You do it too. It is fun. Here, have some of my fish, you bought the lorikeet food.'
He smiled. Her face was so bright and cheerful. She looked exactly as she had when he first met her, before all the nonsense between Sal and Ethan had brought her world and his crashing in.
'I like watching best,' he said, with a degree of honesty. He resisted saying that his view hadn't changed from last time, that he was still cross about being asked to pay to feed the exhibits, when he'd paid a good amount to come in already and they had to be fed anyway.
'Okay. That means more for me,' she laughed.
Soon the feeding frenzy was over, and, as before, the keeper in charge of the trolley stashed it to one side and moved off towards the small amphitheatre to deliver a talk. Percy remembered from the last time that every species of pelican was represented, and that one was free to come and go; a local bird choosing to feed with its cousins. He wondered if it would be there today, hidden amongst the throng of feathers and sagging throat pouches.
Only one other person was present, and the three of them sat in a line on one tier of the stepped structure. The small area was covered, and though they'd been walking beneath an overcast sky, Percy was hot. Even radiant heat could be a problem for him, and he was relieved to be in the shade; face feeling hot, nose burned because he had no sunscreen on. Having run out, he'd gone into his local pharmacy to buy some, but his attention had become lost in racks of skin whitening cream. He'd never noticed it before, despite having been in the store many times. He decided the ratio of whitening cream to sunscreen was something like ten to one. Then he'd left for The Tired Turtle, mentally constructing an email about it for Art while he walked, sunscreen purchase forgotten.
'Do you use whitening cream?' he asked Joyann.
'No. Do you? Shush. He's starting.'
The talk began and Percy soon drifted off, more interested in his own thoughts than listening. What a life these birds led, he mused. They were given everything they needed in the safety of a place that felt so free even a wild bird risked visiting. How very Singapore.
He, Percy Field, could become the welly-booted man, he decided. Like the keeper, Percy already walked amongst his flock and distributed fish at regular intervals. But when the keeper stopped feeding, the pelicans moved away. They did not pester him for more, as the disciples pestered Percy, spying on him whenever they felt like it. The distance the keeper maintained meant that in his presence the pelicans were attentive and sensitive to him and when he was gone they quietly awaited his return. 
Percy could see his own mistakes clearly. So far, Following had no serious boundaries in place. A person of reverence should live in a space where limits are respected; how else can there be room for thought? From now on, devotees would have to accept their Prophet was no longer always available. Times were changing. Wings needed clipping. They, the lowly, hungry, pelicans, would cower before his trolley.
19. LUCKY PLAZA
'Are you sure you want to do this?'
'Yes, Norm. I maybe pregnant but I am not an invalid. The shop I want is in here.'
'But Verity, it's Sunday. Look at the place, it's heaving. How are we meant to get anywhere? I could come again tomorrow and get what you want. Why do we have to do it now? Why come on the one day the place it filled roof high with Filipino maids on their day off?'
'For the hundredth time, I want to choose it myself, and it has to be today because I am going to America tomorrow. You don't listen.'
Norm sighed. 'I am listening, but I know exactly what you want. I could have come today and got it without you.'
'I wanted to come!'
'Fine. Which floor is it?'
'I don't know, exactly. I'll know the place when I see it.'
Norm tried very hard not to sigh again. The thought of battling through crowds to find a shop was not a comfortable one. He wished his wife would stay at home and look after herself, and perhaps not travel anymore. She could not stop work entirely, and nor did he want her to, but he hated the lack of control he felt when she left the country. He had not expected to feel this way, never having needed control before. The baby meant everything.
Surrounded by shoppers and tables displaying cheap goods, Verity stood in the middle of Lucky Plaza atrium gazing at the floors above. 'I think if we just make our way up using the escalator then we can see what's on each floor as we go. They're sort of themed. I think it might even be on the first level we come to.'
What Verity had come to buy was a Chinese silk dressing gown for her US colleague, who was leaving the company and had requested one. Norm already knew she wanted it in dark blue if possible, with an embroidered picture on the back. He could have made the purchase more easily by himself, and Verity was aware of this. He was wondering if the decision to come indicated that she was beginning to feel outside of normal life; anticipating being sidelined. Blood pressure rising, she had been told to take things easier. Did going to America on business count as taking things easier? Did fighting a narrow path through a sea of people whilst overweight count as easier? He resisted saying any more about it, feeling he'd nagged enough. The last thing he wanted was to fall out with her. Whenever she went away, he made sure they parted on the best terms.
Verity pushed her way towards an escalator. 
Norm stopped near it, and read the guide. 'Level two's got some proper shops by the look of it. This is level one so it's just up there.'
'This is ground. Come on Norm.'
'Ground doesn't exist.'
'Whatever. Hurry up.'
She didn't experience this side of life in the way Norm did, and so had not registered the fact that ground floor was always level one. It interested Norm. How had this come about? Who decided not to follow British convention regarding floor levels when they'd happily gone along with driving on the left?
Slowly they travelled the escalator. Verity stepped to one side when they reached the landing, before holding onto a rail and puffing a little. Norm thought she looked as if she had walked up the stairs. Again, he stopped himself commenting, but if she was still this way come morning he would find a way to stop her from flying.
'Yes, here it is. I thought so. There look.' Verity set off and soon turned into a shop, window filled with Asian knickknacks and souvenirs of Singapore. 
Norm was about to follow her inside when his attention was drawn elsewhere.
'Davina?'
'Sir Norman.'
'Davina, how are you?'
She told him she was well and still working at the house, and that Hester's husband was hardly there since she'd died. She felt a little bored at times because the job was now so much easier. 
'Easy is good, isn't it?' Norm said.
She smiled. 'Yes. But I would rather have Madam Hester back.'
'You miss her?'
'Of course. And cooking and baking; I did this all the time. She was not supposed to eat so much of it, but she enjoyed her food very much. It is good to enjoy food.'
'It feels strange not being able to come to the temple room anymore.' After he said this, Norm noted a look of embarrassment pass over her face. 'It's all gone, I suppose? Every trace?'
'Yes, Sir Norman. It is now a room filled with pictures of Madam Hester, and all her things are in there; the things she moved to make the temple room.'
'The picture of Percy?'
'I don't know.'
'He threw it away, didn't he?'
'Yes, sir. He did.'
Norm ran a hand through his hair. In that picture, Percy's had been short like his. Now it was long, which Norm thought more befitted his role.
'She wrote me a letter,' Davina said, rummaging in her bag. 'Would you like to see it?' 
'If it is to you, then it's private, Davina.'
'It is to me, but it is not private. Here.'
Norm took the letter, reminded of the one Trudy had entrusted him with. It seemed the departed, whether travelling or dead, had taken to the written word for communication. He read it. There was indeed nothing personal, only recognition that the author may not recover, and gratitude for Davina's unfailing care. Hester also asked that she stay on and show that same care to her husband.
Though it will likely be a lonely task, do be kind and work hard. Then he will reward you as he rewarded your Aunt Girlie. Then, you may go home and start college.
'College?'
'I want to be a language student.'
'You had to leave your studies?'
'No. Before, I was a salesperson in a clothing company. There is more money doing this, and my family need it. They think I will be rich coming here. My cousins are here, also. One is a midwife, the other a college lecturer.'
'You mean those are their jobs here?'
'No. Here they are like me.'
'That's terrible.' 
Davina did not comment one way or the other. 
Norm read the final few lines of the letter aloud. '"Take care my dear, and make sure you live your life to the full, as I have lived mine. Recent times were not my pièce de résistance so much as my grande finale; may yours be as grand."'  
He folded the letter and gave it back. 'Make sure you keep it.' He was thinking that should the old man decide against Davina, she would have evidence of her worth in his wife's eyes. 'If you ever need anything, call me. If you give me your number I will message you now, then you'll have mine.'
'I will. Thank you, Sir Norman,' she replied, taking her phone from her back pocket.
*
'Where have you been? I thought you must have got lost between the escalator and the door. I thought, only my Norman could get lost between the escalator and a shop three doors down.'
'I ran into Hester's maid.'
'Oh, that's nice. What do you think of this one?' She held up a gown, covered in sharply angled creases. On the glass counter was the cellophane packet Verity had taken it from. 
'So now my opinion counts?'
'Enough of that, you. What do you think? Too blue? There's not much choice, to be honest.'
'Well, my little Welsh princess, I'd say…'
'You what? Little Welsh princess? For a start, I am not exactly little and nor am I a bloody princess. What's going on with you?'
Norm took a long wistful breath as he gazed at his beautiful wife. 'I love you, that's what is going on with me. I love you and our life. And I love our baby.'
'And so you should. You're a lucky bastard. Right. Back to business. This one? Or there is one other I can show you, in a very pale blue. I think it might be too light, though the picture on the back is much nicer.'
*
Passing Lucky Plaza, Percy was heading for a meeting with Sal. She'd refused to come to the house, saying she would rather be somewhere she could have a cup of coffee whilst being stood up. Eventually, they'd agreed on lunch. Through the crowd, he saw Norm and Verity leaving with a bag of shopping, and felt a pang of something that felt like envy, though he couldn't be sure. Physically, Verity was so far removed from his type that he had taken his attraction for her as part of being on the rebound from Sal. But rebound relationships, he was discovering, were as intense as any other, the only bonus that rebounding was like living in a castle with an anti-commitment moat running all the way around. But there was no denying the strange feeling.
He had been tempted to discuss it with Art. Aside from an obsessive gardener and avoider of his wife's criticisms, Art was a man who seemed more able to share his feelings than Percy. Art had been through some tough times, a traffic accident which had seen him hauled through the courts, followed by depression. His wife supported him throughout, and Percy supposed this was the major difference between them. The person who might have offered Percy help was the cause of the problem. Perhaps he should have talked to Art about it from the start, he mused. But where to begin with an email like that? Hi Art, Sal's run off with another man. He smiled. Perhaps that would have been a reasonable opening line.  It was too late now anyway; he had got through it, and Percy thought he would get through this, too.
He was soon outside the smart mall Sal favoured. He went inside via the wide steps to the basement area, where all the building's eateries were located. She'd asked to meet in some fish place she'd discovered. Percy supposed this discovery was made while eating out with Ethan. Percy found it easily enough, amongst the spread of restaurants filling the entire level. He saw her, studying a menu, and for the shortest of moments felt attracted to her. The feeling fell away. He did not like her anymore let alone love her or want to be with her, but at least he no longer hated her. At least, he suspected he didn't.
'You came?' she said, as he took a seat opposite hers. Sal put the menu down carefully.
'Why wouldn't I? Free lunch.'
'I guess it is for you, whichever way you look at it.'
'What do you want?' he asked, picking up the menu she had put down. Opening it, he began browsing. 'Mussels in white wine. I might have that. I imagine you will?'  For no accountable reason, it frustrated Percy that Sal always chose shellfish, wherever they went, like she was some kind of sea otter or octopus, sucking out innards.
'I shall have the bass, actually.'
'Actual fish?'
'Yes, actual fish.'
'Well, in that case, I shall have the mussels,' he said.
'Like you couldn't have had them anyway.'
'That's right.'
'Why? Because you couldn't possibly have the same as someone else?'
'Do I sense animosity, Sal? Only I'd rather skip lunch and find a bar on my own than sit here being savaged by you.'
Instead of replying, Sal called a waiter and asked for sparkling water. 'And for you Percy?' she said.
'You not drinking?'
'Yes. I am drinking. I am drinking water. What would you like? Wine? Beer?'
'Wine. Pinot. Large.'
The waiter confirmed whether it was grigio or noir and said he would take the food order when he came back.
'We're ready now,' Percy said.
'I'll be one moment,' the waiter insisted.
'Why do they always do that?' Percy grumbled, as the waiter walked away. 'He could have taken it now.'
'You mean, doing things in his own time rather than someone else's? I can't imagine anyone being like that, Percy.'
Percy put down the menu and folded his arms. 'I see, this is about me moving out. Again. I will move out when the term is up and not before.'
'And that is fine. There is no point moving out before. We'd gain nothing at all. But from what I can see you will have nowhere to go. And then what? So really, all I want to know is this: do you need me to organise your ticket home? You probably are not aware of this, but what's happened with you and me is now official at work, and they want an answer about what you're doing. If I don't tell them soon they've said they'll assume you are no longer a responsibility of theirs. Then you'll be stuck here, because I for one will not pay for you to go later when you could have gone already. Go when the company says, and your stuff will be shipped, too. Stay, and it'll all become your responsibility.'
'Is that true?'
 'That's what they are saying.'
'I can't be here without a dependent's pass, which I assume will expire anyway.'
'Exactly.'
The restaurant was surrounded by a low wall, as were all the others, and so Percy watched as people wandered this way and that, inspecting advertised menus and making choices as to which cuisine fitted the mood or budget. He liked it in Singapore. Even in this basement filled with food, there was no mess, not litter, no shouting or silliness, only ordinary citizens doing ordinary things; things that only an extraordinary country could provide.
'Ethan says you should be careful.'
'Could you ask that man to change his name? Only I fucking hate it. Ethan.' He watched Sal look down, sharply. She was keeping her temper.  
She levelled her gaze. 'So how many Ethans have you met, Percy? Only you keep telling me that all Singaporean men are called Ethan, so I wondered if you could give me a number?'
'Loads.' He'd met one other, just before Ethan came along. One was enough, he felt, to suggest an epidemic.
'The ticket,' she reminded. 'I want to know today.'
'Let me think.'
'You've the time it takes for us to have this meal to think. After that I am giving my company an answer. I'd like to give them one that you have actually decided upon yourself.'
What could he do? He was cornered into making a choice, when there was no real alternative to leaving. Just when he was happy and settled, just when he'd found a purpose and people wanted him, he was being forced out. The only thing he could think to do was buy some time.
'Ethan says you should be careful.'
'You just said that.'
'And I mean it. You've been giving lectures…'
'Self-fulfilment lectures.'
'… while allowing people to believe you are some kind of Prophet of God.'
'I don't believe in God. You know that.'
'A hypocrite then. I'm disappointed. The one thing you have never been is hypocritical.'
'Others have chosen to label me as prophet and a few assume I represent a god. There is some higher force, Sal, I know that now, but it is not God as we know it.'
Her face took on a perplexed expression, soft brown eyes appearing moist. She whispered his name, the word filled with a question.
'Jersey cow.' Percy said.
'Pardon?'
'Sorry, I thought we were playing charades.'
The waiter, who had been standing for several moments, made to leave. Sal stopped him. She ordered their meals. Percy glugged down the wine that had been placed before him, and ordered another.
'And no bread with the mussels,' he said. 'Are your fries gluten-free?'
Sal burst out laughing. 'Oh, my God. Gluten-free? Next you'll be wearing sandals.'
'I will never wear the dreaded sandal!' he snapped dramatically, though he couldn't help but release the trace of a laugh at the same time. This was an item he was planning to ban when he drew up his rules. No toe shall be visible, was how he intended to phrase it. This wasn't the only faith banning exposed body parts, so he figured no one would complain too much.
'So?' she said, still smiling. 'What will you do about going home?'
Percy knew she was taking advantage of the lightened mood. She'd always done it. He let her.
'Tell them I will go,' he said. 'And send the stuff home to storage.' He thought that, whatever happened, he did not necessarily have to use the ticket. 
20. DAVINA
Davina was meeting friends, and through the crowded mall made out Norm and his enormous wife, who was forging ahead through the crowd as if in a bubble. She hoped his wife was as nice as he was. The first time she had understood that he was married she'd been surprised, certain as she was that he was gay. His wife was beautiful. Too fat, but maybe it was better to be too fat than too thin, like many of the expat ladies she'd seen; Singaporean woman too. Bony. No one in this place wanted a curve. Hester had been an exception, though maybe her age excluded her anyway.
She decided to intercept him. She could use the letter in her bag as an excuse to talk. Davina missed seeing him and his fellow worshippers. The house had become a quiet and lonely place since they'd been evicted. She'd moaned about it to a friend, who'd thrown her hands in the air and cursed.
'Oh my God! You're spoiled, Davina. I'll have your job, if you don't want it. All I get is "clean this, lah! Clean that! Do it now, lah! Do it yesterday!"' 
They'd laughed. Time and experience allowed for it to be funny; that, and it being Sunday morning and therefore almost as far from having to deal with a demanding employer as it was possible to be. Her friend's situation was not as good as Davina's. In fact, amongst the people she knew, Davina's job was considered the best. Expats were an employer of choice because unlike locals they stuck to the rules, and sticking to the rules meant the semblance of a decent life. A few exceptions existed. Mad foreign women hurling food across the kitchen or throwing glasses of wine in a rage; husbands sneaking into bedrooms and excusing it all with a smile; sometimes, not excusing it at all. But mostly, working for an expat is where most maids wanted to be. Hester had given Davina's aunt a large sum of money as a thank you for years of service. She wasn't alone in this act. Davina was keeping her fingers crossed that the old man would feel the same way when Davina left, most likely in five years.
She took the nearest escalator to the next floor. She'd guessed Norm and his wife were going to one of the shops on level two. Expats liked these shops, and one in particular. It sold authentic-style goods at a price that made the goods seem special. Overpriced, is what they were. She knew so much about Singapore now, when once it had seemed such an alien space. On the whole, she was treated like an alien, but it was easier to ride the relentless storm of disparaging glances and hierarchical mentality when a place was familiar.
Everyone was afraid before moving to Singapore. Davina was, even with a decent, tried and tested, job ahead of her. The agent had been sour faced and shouted a lot, as if she was somehow better than everyone else; as if she didn't really rely on any of them for her income. After the terror of Singapore immigration, Davina had longed for a welcoming face but found only brusque and business-like rudeness. Many agents were like this, she now knew. It was not until she was installed in Hester's house did she dare take a breath, relieved at finally having arrived. Then she called home and cried.
She watched Norm's wife enter the shop. She wasn't moving well and made Davina think she should not be out and about. Pregnant and overweight, the last place to be was Lucky Plaza on a Sunday. She should be home in bed. But no doubt the maid was off. Maybe she was one of those women that made sure to go out on a Sunday, rather than bothering to fend for herself. This is what Davina would do, not that she would ever want or need a maid. Helper, some people said, rather than maid. Servant was the word no one ever mentioned.
Davina knew they would need a new maid soon. The current one was going home, though she hadn't told anyone except a few close friends, one of whom told Davina. During her last visit home, the girl had become pregnant. She would go home, have the baby, and then return to Singapore. Her boyfriend worked long hours in a restaurant and so her mother had already agreed to care for the child. Davina liked Norm regardless of the opportunity he represented, but for this reason it paid to keep in touch. Her miserable friend would certainly find better times with him and his big wife. She lived with a Singaporean family of four who'd been permitted to employ a second maid because the senior member of the family was too old for anyone to feel they could cope. How they'd laughed at this. Laughed and wondered. Unfortunately, the incoming maid was lazy and they hated each other. Having to share a tiny bedroom incorporating a shower and toilet with this girl, was pushing her friend to rethink her position. Eventually, Davina had apologised for moaning about her quiet life.
Davina saw a different friend waving. She gestured that she would be along in a moment. She watched as Norm spotted her, and she smiled as he called her name. If anyone had told her that one of her favourite people in Singapore would be this white haired middle-aged man, she would have thought them mad.
21. THE FISHMONGER CLOSES ON MONDAYS
Word spread fast. Following was no longer a drifting faith of wait-and-see and do-your-best. 
It had taken very little effort on Percy's part to make the change. Two public rages, each major enough that even Percy could feel the hair standing up on the back of his neck; a few private and serious words with the more established members of the faith, including Norm and Meera; and the longest silence he had ever held in front of an audience. After, he was treated either with cautious deference or a trembling reverence that made him wince. It would have been easy to hate such cringing subservience, but Percy now saw it as a means to an end. The feeling of control and freedom was immense. This was the stuff governments were made of, he decided.
The only problem not solved was that of disciples standing in the street near his condo, daring to cluster despite the law; hoping for a glimpse of their hero. But it was a minor issue, for at least now he was being watched only from afar, the presence of a contained crowd at a reasonable distance not bothering him too much. Security at the condo was fairly strict and only once had the guards failed in their duty. That incident had involved a very pretty Scandinavian woman intent on bedding him. To resist taking advantage had tested Percy, and he had proven unsurprisingly weak. An inopportune phone call informing him that prospective tenants were on their way dampened his ardour and reset his focus, though removing the waiting woman from his bed was far more difficult than getting her there in the first place. Overall, the outcome was disappointing. Naturally, the breach in security remained unreported in the hope that more of a similar kind might follow. Percy welcomed the prospect of penetration in every sense of the word.
While regularly fed and watered, the best part of his new life was how it made Percy feel. Even as a child, enthusiasm had been a rare companion. His childhood had been a safe one and he had been well cared for. Yet, despite the best efforts of his cheery parents, he had not enjoyed it. No morning brought with it the desire to leap from bed and greet the day, no Saturday evening held the magic of watching family television shows feeling cosy in front of a fire. Mostly, he set about flattening his parents' mood to match his own.
Yet now, enthusiasm surged through Percy from the moment he opened his eyes. Life was good; life was finally treating him in a way that made sense. The fact a born misanthrope had come to feel alive in such unlikely yet specific circumstances was surely proof of destiny? Hester had been right. Upfront and firmly in charge was the only place any self-respecting leader should be. No need to walk on water. Any surface was sufficient providing the route taken was a straight one. What was still required, however, was the doctrine.
Lounging on a sun-bed by the pool, in the days following his visit to Jurong Bird Park, Percy pondered this. Finally, oblivious to the splashes made by the boisterous young neighbour in need of attention from his famous friend, Percy opened his immaculate new notebook. Staring at the first page, he found its blankness inviting. Soon after, it was annoying. He'd written the word flip-flop in a corner, as a prompt, but nothing else. Why was the opening word so hard to find? Though he'd begun to have ideas, at that moment nothing of value would come. Instead, repeated in his head, was part of the first line of the New Testament, learned at Sunday school. It was another memory that had been woken by so much religious talk. God, he hated Sunday school. His mother and father were determined he should experience the social events it was claimed his friends enjoyed. Often his parents were keen to get him out of the house, and though Sunday school was an odd choice for a pair of atheists, Percy felt sure they were only trying to do what was right; never mind whatever Sal intimated about them needing a break from him.
Unable to remove In the beginning was the Word and the Word was from his thoughts, he decided to simply start writing, and for now not worry about making any sense. He could draw up the final version separately. These remembered words neither could nor should make up any part of the final document, but might help his thoughts travel in a useful direction. He wondered then if Kristen, the author, might be interested to know he had started writing himself, and made a mental note to ask Amanda when her friend was likely to be back in the country.
After jotting down the line, next came a thought regarding footwear. In a way, it was a bigger issue than flip-flops and it needed justifying, so after writing sandals, he called for his boy neighbour.
The boy splashed his way to the side of the pool. Tanned arms hooking dry land, legs wiggling and fidgeting beneath the surface, he smiled up at Percy. 
'What do you think about sandals, kid?'
'I hate them.' The boy, much of his upper face obscured and creased by tight goggles, formed a look of disgust with his nose.
'So do I. But why?'
'Girls wear them.'
'True. Any other reason?'
'I can't play football in them.'
'Anything else?'
'Stubbed my toe. The end almost came off. It was a sort of lid that was still attached. Like a cup filling with blood. I stuck it back on.'
'So you think it's a health and safety issue?'
'Yeah. Kind of.'
'Kind of? Your toes were unprotected. A shoe would have saved you, the sandals left you vulnerable.'
'I didn't have any on.'
'What?'
Raising a leg from the water, the boy crabbed it around and stuck his foot next to his hand. He pointed at the big toe. 'I was running bare foot. If you look, you can just about see the scar.'
Percy sighed, and boy remained where he was, until Percy assured him that he would call should he need any more advice.
As the child swam away, Percy was left pondering how football and girls might translate into some kind of useful text. With regard to covering up, it wasn't uncommon to have a dress code, usually for the sake of modesty. But he struggled to fit feet and toes into this category; just about every other body part, yes, but not this. Maybe toes were deemed too disgusting to warrant protection. But then he remembered Terry Sideways from the public bar of the Queen's Arms, or was it the King's Head, who was widely known for his foot fetish, so not everyone held the same view, clearly. It was difficult.
It was possible, he accepted, for any one of his views to already exist in another faith; perhaps even be part of one he hadn't heard of. Following was free-form, so using a template would not do, but coincidences couldn't be helped. If there was some other island where toes were either revered or hated, then so be it. After swigging from a bottle of Tiger beer, kindly donated by a passing neighbour, Percy put the problem aside and moved on.
At least the list was underway, he thought, feeling somewhat reassured. Another idea came and he scribbled it down: equality means equally liable to pay. Then, pizza. He paused for thought. Though pizza was definitely worth banning, his should not be a doctrine that bans everything. Something should be positive, reflecting Percy's wish for disciples to enjoy their lives. A wry smile formed. What would Joyann say if she knew he was thinking this way? She'd probably faint. He wrote: enjoy; he'd get to the detail later. There was a lot to consider, because whatever he decided would have to be justified. So far, he felt the justification element would be easy.
Reconstructive surgery, he then penned. 'Boy! Come here.'
'What?'
'Why shouldn't people have plastic surgery?'
'Shouldn't they?' The boy questioned, hooking his elbows as before, securing himself a little higher out of the water this time.
'I don't mean people who are disfigured or something. I mean people who do it because they are vain.'
'Don't disfigured people count as vain?'
'No! It's not vain to want to look like everyone else; to not have people stare.'
'Maybe that's how vain people feel.'
'Vain people want people to stare. They want to be admired. If they could walk in a straight line while looking in a hand mirror they would.'
'So, disfigured people and vain people are the same? They both get stared at?'
'Forget I asked. I'll think of something. Off you go.'
This time the boy remained where he was. 'Uncle Percy, do you like Baldy?'
'Why?'
'Just wondered. Did you like Kojak best?'
'No.'
'Why not?'
'Because I dislike them equally. Why the questions?'
'Would you do anything for Baldy? Anything at all? I would.'
Percy had already guessed the boy's line of questioning was leading somewhere. 'Spit it out.'
'My dad wondered if you might make Baldy a little coat.'
'What? A coat?'
'Yeah. A coat. He said a techni-coloured dream coat. What's a techni-coloured dream coat?'
'It's your dad taking the piss, that's what it is. Right, bugger off if you're going to chatter. I need to work.'
Percy studied the page, as the boy dropped below the surface and swam away. It was surprisingly hard, he was discovering, to summarise all those human behaviours he wished would disappear. As prophet to some god-like power he expected it to come easily, yet all he had to work with so far were a few ideas he'd had for some time, plus the thoughts of a boy with buck teeth and smelly armpits.
He was determined not to dwell on the obvious thou shalt nots. He would certainly include the main three, murder, theft and deception; deception being a good summary for fraud, but more specifically for extra-marital affairs and general sneakiness. But the others he'd have to leave out, partly because he couldn't remember them and partly because of the idea of not using a template. 
After adding the three to his book, he took another swig. Just as his mouth filled with the yeasty liquid, he felt as if his heart had suddenly stopped. Beer! What the hell was he doing? How could he forget? He leaned over the side of the lounger and let it fall from his mouth. How much had he drunk? Half a bottle. Would it matter?
'Nice one!'
Following the voice, Percy looked across the pool to the far side. There, in all her marvellous glory, was Kristen; black bikini and turquoise sarong, dark glasses and straw sunhat. She was back. He'd been thinking of her, and now she was here, and if that wasn't spooky then Percy did not know what was.
'I shouldn't drink beer,' he said, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.
'Damn right you shouldn't. What a pig.'
'I mean I can't.'
'I can see that.' 
'What I mean is…'
She interrupted him, hands held high. 'Hey, no need to explain to me.'
There was little point, he realised, in saying any more about it. 'Glad to see you're back,' he offered, hoping she might be gracious in her response.
'Whatever,' she replied, casually. 'What are you writing? I saw you scribbling away. Thought you could come up with something better than me, did you?'
He knew she was referring to the book he had denounced as appalling without knowing she was the author. 'Sorry about that.'
'Don't be,' she said, laughing a little, having circuited the pool. Taking the lounger next to his, she added, 'Honestly, a novel is such a subjective thing. It's impossible to write stuff that everyone likes. And nor should you try.'
'This isn't a novel. It's a guide.' He might as well admit it, he thought. She'd find out anyway.
'Ah. The prophet is writing a bible.'
'You know about that?' 
Hoping he would see her again, Percy had already planned his explanation. He was disappointed that now some key phrases would go to waste, since she had brought up the subject differently from the Kristen of his imagination. Phrases such as I denied it for as long as I dare, he particularly liked, because of the word dare and not could. He'd thought it a wonderfully subtle touch of humility.
'You should be careful. They don't like that sort of thing here.'
'Yep. So I have heard. Often.'
'What does your wife think?'
'My wife?' Why did she ask this, he wondered? Surely women talked about these things; about him. Surely she knew.
'You have a wife, don't you?'
'Ex-wife.'
'That's what they all say.'
'I imagine they do, if they're divorced.' 
'So, you going to show me what's in that?' she pointed to the notebook, as she stretched out on the lounger.
The idea that she might be interested no longer seemed so attractive. He declined, before scanning the pool to check if the boy was still there and swimming safely, wanting to look anywhere but at Kristen's bronzed thighs. Though his sex life had improved beyond measure, when it came to Kristen, he couldn't trust his body to be discrete about how he felt.
The child was playing safely, still alone as he so often was. Kristen, Percy noticed, was settling down for a nap. Maybe she could help, after all, he decided. She was clearly a person of sturdy stuff, given that she was still talking to him after he'd been so rude. Serious opinion was what he required.
'I'm trying to summarise what our faith stands for,' he said, tossing her the book, which landed on her stomach with a slap. 'And what boundaries there are. But it's quite hard. I can't seem to think of anything. Writer's block, I believe you call it.'
She cracked open an eye and looked at him, 'Prophet's block.'
'Do you ever get it? Writer's block?' he asked.
'No.' Holding the book, she sat up. 'Maybe you have no good ideas because writing it down is in itself a bad idea? Maybe you should stick with what you know, and have people come and listen, so you can say what you mean directly. Isn't that what you do already? Maybe they won't come at all if they can read about it instead. And the other thing is, that maybe they like things the way they are, eh? Maybe you like the way things are, which is why you can't think of anything to say. And I am not sure it is the prophet who writes the rules. Isn't it normally the followers who do that?'
'Maybe.'
Kristen opened Percy's notebook. 'In the beginning was the Word and the Word was sandals.'
Percy appreciated her attempts to disguise her mirth. At least she wasn't laughing out loud. And then she did.
'Equality means equally liable to pay for pizza. Enjoy reconstructive surgery, murder, theft and deception. Oh God! I am so sorry, Percy,' she spluttered, 'but that's comedy gold, mate. Who are these people in your cult? A bunch of weirdos?'
'I don't think it's really a cult.'
'Of course it is. And what's this?' she looked again to the page. 'What the fuck are flip-flops?'
Percy dug deep. 'Jandals.' He hoped she'd appreciate that he'd learned to speak New Zealand.
'You want people to wear jandals?'
'Not wear jandals.'
'They have to wear sandals but not jandals?'
'Neither,' he said, patiently. 'It's just a train of thought at the moment.'
'Honestly, Percy, the fact that you're still here and not on a plane back to England with a Changi prison-officer's boot print on your ass amazes me. I mean, okay, you're not kidnapping children or brainwashing people, are you? But you have to see that it's crazy.'
Although he hated the word crazy, he was inclined to agree, because finding himself the leader of a new faith had been crazy, and realising he was a conduit for some greater power crazier still. But crazy had become something more, and he was determined to make it work. 
'We need some rules,' he said.
She passed back the notebook. 'Better get to it then, eh.'
He took it, and remembering an instruction, jotted it down. No following Percy around or watching him in his house.
Kristen turned to face him. 'You're a strange man, Percy Field. Why would you ban jandals?'
'Because they are an affront to civilised society.'
'Make sure you list flip-flop separately from jandal. And you might want to add the word thong. Thong is Aussie, jandal is Kiwi.'
'I will make a note of the terminology. Thank you.'
'No worries.'
'I need to be a bit careful with thong, though,' he said, squinting a little as he thought.
'Oh yeah?'
'I don't want to ban the wrong thing. Thong is not a shoe in the UK. It's sort of a pair of underpants made from a piece of string. Quite nice in some ways, on a clean bottom.' He noticed Kristen seemed to be shaking, her body vibrating because she was again trying not to laugh at him. 
Writing a doctrine was turning out to be one of the most difficult things he had done.
22. HOT OFF THE PERSONAL PRINTER
After much thinking over several glasses of wine at The Tired Turtle, Percy eventually solved the problem of creating a doctrine.
Following loved dissecting his words for meaning, so with every rule listed he offered a story, thus allowing disciples the opportunity of deciphering for themselves what was meant. Any moral code Percy could not readily identify himself, they might. Essentially, where a law was not easily justified, his followers could fill in the blanks.
Kristen had not proved useful, saying she wasn't prepared to be overtly complicit, though she would happily check the flow and scan for errors when he'd finished the first draft. She didn't want him to appear a bigger idiot than he already was, she'd said.
The first printed copy, folded and stapled, felt special in Percy's hands. It was a booklet rather than a book, but at least it wasn't the leaflet it seemed it might become. The front cover was a line drawing of Percy looking out from the page, arms folded, legs planted apart. He had toyed with the idea of a depiction showing open and welcoming arms, but the image had a feel about it he did not like. Meera, who, as it turned out, was good at drawing, had been delighted with her efforts. Percy was forced to print it himself, since Meera's brother refused to, on account of the trouble he'd got into over Hester's flyer.
It was easier to do it himself, anyway, Percy decided. He could print off whatever was needed whenever he needed it, and relatively cheaply. He had control. For now, though, this single copy would suffice. He would read it thoroughly over a glass of wine. If he was entirely happy with the results, he would then take the bottle into the study and make up the rest, at which point he might require more than one bottle, he realised. 
Glass of wine poured, Percy took a seat on the back balcony. He could hear the guard he disliked in the carpark below, berating a child for cycling amongst the cars. It was hardly a crime, Percy thought. And better the child cycled down there, out of the way, than on the footpaths. He'd lost count of the number of times some kid had sent him flying as they'd hurtled by.
It was then he recognised the battle-cry. It was the boy neighbour. The guard did not stand a chance.
The lad had shown himself to be a useful participant in the creation of the booklet, beyond sandals, football and girls. His simple view of right and wrong and the stories of his own misadventures, had been a mine of metaphors. In fact, he'd been so taken with helping Percy that he was still bothering him with new tales, sharing anything that popped into his head. Only that morning, he had knocked on Percy's door and declared that he thought Russian's were bad because they bite. Percy had thanked him, rather than scold him, since the boy's reward for his help was a limited period of kindness. The boy had come back soon after, to inform Percy that he had meant to say Russian hamsters. His dad had made him come back, he said, in case the Son of God added Russians to his hit list.
Percy had mulled over these words: hit list. What did the kid's dad think he, Percy, was doing? Preparing for some great war? Russians nor hamsters had any place in his set of rules, any more than a bald guinea pig.
Again, Percy looked at the cover drawing. The likeness was excellent. He wondered why Meera used her creativity to make people think themselves beautiful when she could be doing so much more. Settling back and sipping his wine, a chilled glass of Sauvignon Blanc and a gift from a disciple, Percy turned back the cover and began to read.
In the beginning was the sentence, and the sentence was: cover thy feet and enjoy freedom through observance.
There had been a fair degree of compromise.
*
'He's done what?'
Norm took a seat next to his wife in the cinema. The air was icy, but Gold Class meant that alongside the reclining armchair, service button and table, every person had been issued a blanket. 'He's written a book. A moral guide.'
Verity raised her eyebrows. 'He's really getting into it, isn't he?'
'I'm glad. We need him.'
'He needs you, more like,' she said.
'Since when has Percy needed anyone? You know what he means to me, but even I know what sort of man he is. He's a loner at heart.'
'True enough. And I doubt he's changed very much, even with all this Following business. You know what they say about leopards.'
 Norm did. And recently, he had been forced to face more fully that which he already knew. While in his eyes Percy was knowing, elevated, and certainly someone of a higher plane, he was also given to extremely selfish behaviour. Over the time they had known one another, there had been many examples of this, but most recently his continued affair with Verity stood out. To Norm it said that Percy gave no thought to how his actions might seem, or how they might make other people feel.
Norm took a laundered blanket from plastic wrap and shook it over Verity's knees. It was an honour to have their child share the blood of a prophet, but on a more human level, try as he might, Norm had been unable to wholeheartedly justify Percy continuing to sleep with his wife. Verity sleeping with Percy was not the problem, since this was the nature of their marriage. But Percy sleeping with Verity? Was this the nature of friendship? 
As if reading his thoughts, she said, 'Yet you still admire him so much? You're still convinced he is a prophet?' She smoothed the blanket across herself.
'You think I'm a fool to believe in someone so selfish?'
'I'm not saying that. Listen, people are different. Some give nothing, many are sensibly charitable, while others make martyrs of themselves they give so much. These days, most people consider their own needs first. Prophets are products of their time, Norman; flesh and blood whose meteoric moment is thrust upon them.'
Norm sank into the chair, resting his head back. He supposed she was right and in more ways than she realised. Percy was lucky to live now and here, to be a conduit of spiritual guidance without fear of reprisal. This wasn't quite true, he realised, almost as soon as he'd thought it. Percy could easily be ejected from Singapore, or, living somewhere else, find himself murdered by those viewing his claims as blasphemous. But the chances of being nailed to a cross were low.
'Have you seen his palms?' he asked.
'What about them?'
'The scars.'
'It's not stigmata, Norm.'
'I know. It's a china cat and a broken beer bottle. But a few disciples have made a connection.'
'Then they're daft. Jesus was nailed to a cross. Why would anyone else have the scars to prove it? When I've had this baby, you won't have stretch marks, will you. I'm confused. Can they be members of Following and be Christians? You know, thinking Percy is The Second Coming, or something?'
He shook his head. He didn't know. Percy was yet to be clear about anything related to God. Was Following a faith of its own or a blend of many? If one must follow one's own path then surely the route could meander through other spaces and places; other faiths? Did this mean he, Norm, need not have turned away from the LDS church? And how to be part of two things when one side is liberal and the other side unbending? The coming literature would make things clearer, Norm was sure. The only thing he was certain of was Percy.
He squeezed Verity's hand. 'I love you,' he said. 
'I know,' she said. 'But something is wrong, my love. I can tell. You've got that air about you, like you're here but you're not. Is it the baby?'
He gazed at her for a moment without speaking. 'In a way,' he said, eventually. 'I'm okay with it all, you know that. Listen to me! I'm not okay with it, I am absolutely thrilled. But if I could have had things differently, then I…'
Verity interrupted. 'Hey! We've been over this a thousand times, that's how I know you're not okay with it, whatever you claim. Just keep in mind what we have.' She took his hand to her belly, and rested it there. 'That,' she said, 'is our own little miracle.'
He smiled, warmly, and leaned towards his wife, spreading his own blanket so it not only covered him but a little of her. 'There have been fewer, you know.'
'Fewer what?'
'Miracles.' Norm said. 'I've been thinking about it. At first there was a reasonable number, then there were reports of them happening right across Singapore. Now, there is almost nothing.'
'They weren't all true.'
'Of course not. We all know what people are like. But some of them were. These days… well… I can hardly think of the last time I heard of one.'
'I wouldn't worry. As I said, we have our own little miracle coming, and when she arrives you won't have time to go looking for others.'
'It's going to be wonderful,' he said, as the houselights dimmed. 'Do you want me to get you a drink, before it starts?'
'It's not the same when I can't have a glass of something nice. You have something, Norm.'
'No. I'm not thirsty.'
'It'd be a shame not to use the button,' Verity said, pointing to it.
Norm agreed and pressed it. Soon someone came to take the order of water, two hotdogs and some French fries. The meal arrived just as the adverts ended and the trailers began.
'You know he's coeliac,' Norm said, with a bite of hotdog in his mouth. 'Can't eat bread.'
'Who?'
'Percy.'
Verity remained quiet. Norm guessed she knew already. No doubt she and Percy talked before and after sex. And it was just sex. Verity was always certain to reassure Norm of this, whoever it was she was seeing. Frankly, Norm preferred that she met her needs elsewhere, rather than looking to him for satisfaction. Even so, for the first time in their marriage he wanted to ask her to stop. He would not. This was the cost of marrying against his nature, and perhaps the price God was making him pay for being afraid of it.
23. JOYANN
Joyann recalled the last time she had met Percy at Marina Bay. Then, they had been sitting near the theatre, by the harbour, admiring the glossy black surface as it came alive with the reflected colours of a light show. This time, she would again enjoy darkness and brightness and flashes of colour, but not yet and not in that particular spot.
For now, she strolled in daylight inside a vast arid biodome, savouring it in the knowledge that when done she would then be enjoying its moisture filled counterpart across the way. She had hoped Percy would join her for the experience, since he loved the original Botanic Gardens and so might find this much newer green space equally enjoyable. But he'd said he could only make time for the light show. Joyann had already seen it with Lucas, though was happy to watch it again and be carried away once more by light dancing and flashing from the great, towering, tree-like structures, at the heart of the gardens; gardens that had been matured in an instant; huge, mature, trees craned into place.
Singapore was always on the move, developing, improving, reclaiming; revitalising. The gardens at Marina Bay were the epitome of this and undeniably intriguing, Joyann felt; astonishing when all things were considered: ancient Olive trees planted up and growing as if they'd been there all along, as if they were not sitting precisely where the sea had been ebbing and flowing only a few decades before. But the atmosphere was nothing like the original Botanic Gardens. Instead, the two parks entirely reflected the eras in which they were founded, one slow and meaningful, the other an instant and expensive fix. Fabulous biodomes aside, Joyann preferred the old one.
After thoroughly inspecting the dry dome with its huge desert plants and Mediterranean delights, Joyann made her way out and across to the next. 
Inside, it was cold and wet and she wondered why anyone would choose to live somewhere chilly when they could be warm. As if on a hillside, in this biodome colourful flowers were abundant, rising high in the centre of the space. Following the ambling crowd, Joyann joined the queue for a lift to the top, where they would all begin the spiralling walk back down within the blooming hillock; inside looking out, but not easily seen from below. A private yet public experience. 
The lift was crowded and relief poured over Joyann as she stepped out into the fresh tasting air. Before setting off, she reflected upon how at peace she felt. Settling into a slow walk while others tumbled by, something of the moment reminded her of herself; of once more being contentedly part of life. But this time it was on her own terms. Feeling fortunate to be living so well and having such a lovely afternoon, Joyann decided it was better that Percy wasn't there. He'd surely moan.
She smiled as she thought. Business was strong: hardware stores moving towards record years and the new dog boutique successful. Lucas was happier than he'd been in a while, the return to his own home going some way to lift the sadness forced upon him by his father's departure. And, day by day, Joyann could feel her own energy returning with increasing gusto. The chaos of trying to develop her business whilst accepting divorce, and nursing then grieving for a mother she did not like, was finally resolving. Despite the magnitude of it all, the sense that it had happened to some other person felt real. It was quick, she knew, to feel so recovered. Fortunately, she had always been quick.
*
Joyann took her sticks of satay and cup of lime juice and found a wall to sit on next to the sandy beach edging the reservoir; water captured from the sea for a slow, natural desalination. Captured land, captured water; Singapore was a place that knew what it wanted, she mused. Inside the wetter, cooler, biodome, there had been some examples of real stalactites and stalagmites. Joyann supposed Singapore had wanted them, too, and so acquired them. Where they were taken from wasn't stated. It stirred a mixture of feelings within her. Joyann was proud of Singapore and the lifestyle it offered its people; a solid, reliable, home amid the deprivation and instability suffered by the nations surrounding it. But where would it end? No, she thought. Not where, but how. And how would Following end, for surely it would. Expansion was not limitless, not for a nation and not for a faith. Or was it? Perhaps Following, like Singapore, might survive through reinvention. She laughed a little. Following would not survive. Unlike Singapore, it had no assets. It offered nothing, as far as she could tell, except Percy, and much as she was extremely fond of him, she didn't think he was enough.
Soon, it would be time to meet him. If he expected food then she would eat again; it was only that she hadn't wanted to miss out, if, on suggesting satay, he'd insisted on a proper meal. This place was excellent, a fact plainly visible from the bustling crowds of Singaporeans choosing to eat here. Maybe she would suggest it anyway, and chance eating satay twice? She grinned, as she dipped deliciously browned meat into peanut sauce. It wouldn't be a sacrifice. 
Briefly, Joyann considered that she could have waited; been prepared to stand her ground and insist on her choice. But she knew she would not. For the sake of peace, she would go along with what he wanted because at the end of the day it did not really matter. The most relaxing thing to do was what she was doing, pleasing herself before going with the flow.
Guilt touched her. Lucas would be furious if he found out she'd eaten here without him. Twice in one evening and he'd never forgive her. He was with his father and they certainly wouldn't be eating hawker food. Most likely, they would be on Sentosa planning which restaurant to go to, once Lucas was finished with whatever activity he'd ended up doing. 
Percy had told her of the time he and Sal had been on Sentosa, walking the sandy beaches before heading off to eat, and then running into Ethan and his American guest. Aside from the occasional and necessary inclusion of the American, Percy reported that Sal and Ethan talked as if no one else in the room mattered; which, as it turned out, was the case. Percy had been perfectly glad of the peace until he'd discovered the reason for it. Here was an example of the root of Percy's marital downfall, Joyann felt, not so much showing no interest in his wife but having no interest in his wife's opinion of him. Percy would no doubt argue that this was one and the same thing. It was not.
He'd gone on to speculate that Sal and Ethan had schemed to meet up that evening, but Joyann thought that, in the circumstances, this was a little farfetched. It would be desperate times indeed to undertake a liaison not only in public but under the gaze of a cuckold and at the table of a visiting colleague. Then again, Shakespeare would have made an entire play of it. Joyann's thoughts turned to Hester and her love of Shakespearean drama. Inside Joyann's bag was a mystery that she hoped Percy might help solve.
Joyann wondered if Sal thought about him anymore. Was she, at this precise moment, thinking about Percy, or even thinking about her, Joyann? Maybe she wasn't there. Perhaps she was allowing father and son some time alone, unhindered by the presence of an interloper. With a mouthful of chicken, Joyann shook her head at the thought: interloper. Was Sal an interloper? Or was she a gift? A liberator? Upon reflection, it cannot have been much of a marriage she had broken up for it to have cracked so readily.
*
Waiting for Percy on the bridge outside Marina Bay Sands Hotel, Joyann felt hot.The show was due to start soon and she hoped Percy wouldn't be late. Darkness had fallen and with it had come a stifling humidity, suggestive of a storm brewing. She was fanning herself with a theatre programme. This was the mystery she was hoping Percy might help her understand. Davina had brought it to her while she was working in the dog boutique, saying it was from Hester.
'What do you mean, from Hester?' Joyann had asked her, when she produced it from the depths of an enormous sequinned bag.
'She wanted you to have it.'
'Why would she want me to have this?'
'She said it was her favourite play and I should give you the programme.'
Joyann had stared at the folds of paper. It could not have been more baffling if Hester's maid had given her a pastry cutter. 'Why a programme?'
Davina had shrugged and offered nothing, so Joyann discussed the issue aloud with herself. 'I wonder if she and I talked about his play? Maybe that is why she wanted me to have it. But a programme? How odd. And I cannot recall talking with her very much outside of The Discussion Group. Maybe it was a topic? No. We definitely did not cover this play. Why this? A book, perhaps, but not this.'
 'She said that she did own a copy of the play but she had already given it to someone else.'
'We hardly knew one another, Davina, not enough for her to leave me something. So strange. And she was well? I mean to say, her health was okay? For her to tell you to do this?'
'Actually, it was before she was sick. We were going through her things, and organising the house. I believe she knew she would pass soon. It was not just the organising, but the way she talked.'
Joyann had not disputed this observation. It was not uncommon, she was aware, for the elderly to suddenly wish to set their affairs in order. Her mother had done it, and every time Joyann now felt inclined to do the same she felt uneasy, as if predicting her own death. As a result, most of her private paperwork was in a pile, unsorted.
'I still do not understand why she wanted me to have it, Davina. She was found to have a brain tumour, right?'
Davina understood the implication. 'Yes, but I do not think this was given to you in confusion. There was no confusion, that I am aware of. Not much. She was very certain. You were friends?'
'Acquaintances. We had a mutual friend; friend of a friend.' Again, Joyann had stared at the programme, as if some message might leap out from the pages and reveal Hester's reasoning.
Fanning herself, Joyann thought about this friend of a friend, who had encouraged Hester to join The Discussion Group and then never come again herself. Perhaps she could see what lay ahead, that this innocuous little group would not only change but sprout something new of its own; something worrying. But none of this explained the bequest.
She'd thanked Davina.
'God bless you, Mam.'
'Thank you. And you.' 
She liked Davina. She wanted to be someone, get somewhere in life. It was obvious. Joyann's own maid was less ambitious. After so many years of service, she still had poor English and kept her own room as if it was a rubbish tip. Lucas liked her though, and she was an excellent cook.
After a quick scan of the area for Percy, Joyann stepped under a light and looked at some words handwritten on the cover of the programme. She assumed it was Hester's writing. 
That, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
Joyann had already looked it up on the Internet. It was a quote from The Tempest, which was no great surprise given the programme was for exactly that play. The programme was from last year, the theatre only a little way from where Joyann was now standing; the Durian, it was sometimes called, due to the unusual roofing that made it look vaguely like the pungent smelling fruit. A play, a programme and a quote, were by themselves not reason enough to rouse curiosity, but Hester wishing for Joyann to have the programme was deeply perplexing.
Joyann had studied the story at school. It was set on an island and there was a magician, she remembered, pleased to be able recall any facts at all. He was a controlling sort who manipulated other characters by using a spirit obligated to him, named Ariel, and also through his slave, a monstrous being called Caliban. It had not stuck with her in the way some of Shakespeare's other works. Othello Joyann knew in entirety, and sometimes discussed with Norm, after discovering it was his favourite play. But now she regretted not knowing more. One thing regarding The Tempest jumped out at her, however: through misty schooldays recollections came the sense of deception.
She had watched Hester often, the old woman seemingly unaware she was being observed. Joyann thought about this now. So many times situations occurred that would throw Hester into shock when Joyann had already seen or heard something that would suggest no shock was due. At least, not from Hester. Lucas had once stolen a ten-dollar bill from Joyann's purse, and then claimed to have found it behind a cushion. Guilt had driven the find and Joyann had chosen silence, concerned the lesson learned might be unlearned through resentment of any punishment. And her son had not stolen again, as far as she knew. But for a long time Joyann was left with a peculiar mix of disappointment and uncertainty. Something about Hester had roused this same response and the strange bequest had heightened it.
Perhaps those early instincts were right, she thought, when she would look upon Hester, Trudy and Meera and suspect childish nonsense drove them to pester Percy. Perhaps Hester had, after all, been playing a game. But that might mean Trudy and Meera were guilty too, which didn't make sense. Trudy was gone, and Meera's attention had been thoroughly diverted for a long time. 
Joyann shrugged off the idea with a silent laugh. She was no detective; Ethan and Sal's relationship was proof of that. Yet the question would not shift: why give her this programme? To receive anything would have been unexpected, but this was extraordinary. Maybe it was simply Hester's sense of drama. Perhaps she had given everyone some odd little gift to ponder.
Rolling up the programme, Joyann put it in her bag, a new one, a present from her business partner for her birthday. He had never given her more than good wishes before and she'd been overwhelmed by his generosity. He'd informed her very firmly that she deserved it, walking away and leaving the most expensive bag she had ever owned in her lap, resting on gold wrapping paper.
Joyann checked the time. Percy was late. Just then, she spotted him, striding in a manner she had never before witnessed. Ordinarily, he moved about as many foreigners were inclined to, with more pace than was necessary and always with an air of detachment. Tonight, he marched as if he thought the surrounding people were his audience. Only two things made a man move this way, she knew. Either he was in love with someone, or he had fallen in love with himself. She feared it was the latter.
'Hey!' he said, brightly. 'How are you? Thanks for coming.'
Thanks for coming? Not only was he a man disinclined to gratitude, he was never thankful for company. In addition, it was Joyann who had invited him, and not the other way around. 
'Percy. You seem very happy tonight. It is nice to see you this way. Things are successful for you?'
'Yes. All going well. We've had some good meetings lately, lots of people.'
'You look well. Even more well than when I saw you last.'
He patted his belly. 'They keep feeding me.'
'I did not mean that,' she lied. 'Shall we go along now? The show will be starting soon and we need a good spot.'
*
Others were leaving but Percy and Joyann remained sitting. They'd found a good position on a path and now the light show was over.
To watch it comfortably, Percy had taken Joyann's new bag and used it as a cushion, lying back on the hard ground to gaze at the lights dancing above them, flashing in time with the music. Part of her was cross, because he hadn't asked to use it, and part of her was flattered that he felt able to do what was essentially an intimate act. He would not have taken Hester's bag, or Trudy's, or anyone else's; perhaps not even Sal's. She had lifted it up, head still there, and slipped a thin jacket beneath to protect the beautiful leather from the ground.
Sitting for a few moments to allow the crowds to move off, Percy said he'd enjoyed the show and described it as cheesy, adding that most manmade entertainment was cheesy so it wasn't an issue. 
'Shakespeare wasn't cheesy,' she replied.
'Absolutely he was!' came the sharp response. 
The pair slid across to the side of the path, allowing people to pass.
'Did Hester leave you anything, Percy?'
'No. Why?'
Joyann reached into her new, slightly squashed, bag and withdrew the programme. 'I received this. She gave it to Davina to give to me.'
Percy took it, and read the quote aloud, before handing it back.
'I wonder why she left me this?' Joyann said. 'And I wonder why she did not give you anything?'
'Hmm. She did give me a book, once. But that was before she died.'
'What was it?'
Percy took the programme from Joyann once more. 'It was this: The Tempest. She said it was her favourite play and I should read it one day. Actually, she said to read it once she was dead, but to be honest, I wasn't expecting her to actually die so I forgot all about it. I don't know where it is now. In the house somewhere, I guess.' He gave it back.
'You were not tempted to read it when she gave it to you?' Joyann knew she would have been unable to resist such temptation. 'You did not think it strange that she would suggest you read it only when she was dead?'
'It wasn't a big thing. Not like an instruction. She just said it.'
'Do you know the play?'
'No. I can't stand Shakespeare. And I wouldn't read it, anyway. Plays are a pain to follow. I'm happy to watch one, but I wouldn't read. I tried it once because Sal insisted I would like this one she'd just read, but I hated it. Too much effort. I like certain books, I enjoy films and I am happy to watch a play, but, as I said, I would never read one.' He grimaced, 'I mean, who would?'
The crowd was now so dispersed that sitting on the footpath was becoming an oddity. They stood up.
'And you don't wonder why she gave it to you, Percy?' Joyann said, straightening her skirt. 'Why she gave you the play and me the programme?'
'I didn't know about the programme.'
'And now you do. What are your thoughts?'
'Is that why you asked me here?'
'Partly.'
'I have no idea.'
Joyann watched his face. He neither knew nor cared, but she cared. She had been prompted into questioning more than just one old woman's reason for giving an obscure gift. 'Percy,' she began, with a gentle tone, 'do you ever wonder if Following is something that someone else created?'
He smiled. 'I know it is. I didn't start it.'
'That is not what I meant. I mean to ask you if you think someone made it up, for… for… fun?' Joyann suspected she had gone too far, since Percy did not look especially happy with her question.
But then he smiled gently, surprising her. Placing a hand on her shoulder, he asked, 'Would you ever join us?'
A laugh burst free. 'No, I would not!'
Again, Percy did not react as expected. He did not scowl at Joyann's laughter but instead smiled more widely. 'But you have been thinking about Following, otherwise why ask me about it? Why question it?'
'Are you quite well, Percy?'
'Of course.' His hand fell away. 'Shall we go? I'm a little peckish. Fancy a bite?'
'You are always hungry.'
'A man's got to eat.'
Joyann felt a burst of impatience. 'Percy Field. Right now, we are going to look around this magnificent display of plants and enjoy the evening as the friends we are. After that, I will take you for some satay. It is gluten-free so perfect for you. I have already eaten but will happily enjoy more.' Joyann returned the programme to her bag. 'And just so we are clear, you will never ask me that question again. You have found something that fulfils you and I am pleased. But we are different. You have chosen to believe you are someone divine and I do not, just as you choose to fill yourself with alcohol and I do not.'
'Alcohol?'
'I can smell it. Wine or something. Do you ever have a day when you do not drink?'
'No.'
'You should. Before we change the subject entirely, I wish to ask if you will lend me the book Hester gave you? I would like to read it.'
24. FULL CIRCLE IN THE BOTANIC GARDENS
'You wanted to talk, Vee?' 
Percy looked at Verity's belly, momentarily unsure if he should say it looked bigger, smaller, or say nothing at all. He chose to casually remark that she was blooming. Her bottom filled the chair next to him, and some. At her plump feet, Cocoa lay panting. Percy realised that he wanted Verity far less than he had, as if the rebound into this woman, almost as far from Sal was as it was possible to be, was drawing to an end. It seemed unbelievable that after feeling so much he could now feel so little. He was sorry not to have the same desire anymore.
'There are a couple of things we need to sort out.'
Percy sipped his cappuccino. There was no getting away from the allure of her voice, however; the husky Welsh lilt never failing to draw him in. If she wanted to visit the shed today he would go, he now resolved, even though he had promised himself that he wouldn't. One more time wouldn't hurt. And the late hour would be in their favour; the chance of anyone being around extremely low.
'First, we need to lay down some rules about the baby.'
'Rules?"
Verity ignored him. 'And second, I think we should stop having sex.'
'I agree,' he said, a little taken aback by her frankness. Having decided on one last exploration of her assets, he was disappointed.
'Do you, now?' she said, suspiciously. 'You agree, even though you keep looking at my breasts and only ten-seconds ago you were gazing off into the distance, to where our shed is?'
'I said I agree, not I don't want to.' He looked into her eyes. 'For old times' sake?'
'Bugger off,' she laughed.
In front of the café several members of Following walked by. They waved to Percy hesitantly, before moving on without speaking. He was pleased at being afforded some respect. Verity saw him looking and turned.
'Are those some of your disciples?' she asked, loudly.
Percy noticed a couple sitting nearby turn their attention to him. He asked her to keep her voice down.
'Why? Because it is illegal?'
'Why are you shouting, Vee?'
'I'm not. You're just sensitive because you are paranoid.'
'I am not paranoid.' This was not entirely untrue, because most of the time Percy never gave the authorities a second thought. But just occasionally, when he considered the fact that his most influential follower was dead, doubt niggled. It wasn't until Hester was gone did he consider what a vital instrument she may have been in keeping Following safe from official scrutiny.
However, Percy was not tempted to walk away from duty, convinced as he now was of his divine purpose. Fart-Cloud Man had visited again the night before, hovering as always in the lunge position, leaning over as if listening to Percy's dreams. This time, Percy had turned an eye for a closer look, and Fart-Cloud Man thinned to nothing. Next time he might try and speak with the apparition, Percy determined, instead of trying to look. It was all a long way from lying next to Sal, sleeping beside her deceitful body, ignorant bliss disturbed only by the crash of a thunderstorm.
'Would you be a good boy and buy me another juice? I think they might be shutting up shop soon. I'd go myself but I'm too comfortable.' She offered some money.
She was honest if nothing else, Percy thought, ignoring the proffered dollars. 'Watermelon?'
'No. I've just had one, and too many give me bellyache and diarrhoea.'
Percy ordered watermelon juice for himself and apple for Verity. He understood her concern, having feasted on half a watermelon in the days when having such fruit within easy reach was a treat. He'd been crippled with cramps for hours.
When he returned to the table, Verity looked serious. 'Let's stop avoiding talking and get on, shall we?' She then went on to explain that both she and Norm wanted formal assurance that he would never make a claim on the child. 'I'll have to name you on the birth certificate, of course, but that is where your involvement ends.'
Percy was baffled. How many times must he say it? The pregnancy, the birth, the baby that would become the child, none of it was of any interest to him. The greatest emotional response it provoked was to be pleased for Norm whilst feeling slightly ashamed at the same time. The cluster of cells created by his sperm and her egg meant nothing. He said so.
'You say that, Percy, but how can you know what you are going to feel when she's born? How can you know what you'll feel in a few years time, say, when you suddenly decide you want a child, after all? I think we should draw up some legal agreement.'
'You don't need one.'
'We want one.'
'We? Are you trying to tell me that Norm doesn't believe in my word?'
'My Norman would believe anything you say, which is why I need the agreement.'
'So I, not we?'
'If you'd prefer, then yes: I. And I don't want to fall out with you over this, but you need to do it, one way or the other.'
It would have been very easy to say that it did not matter if they fell out, because the law would always recognise him as the biological father. Falling out would not change this fact, any more than it would force him to become part of some legal manoeuvre; any more than it would force him to care. But he did not want to fall out with her. Though his passion was lessening, he still thought Verity a wonderful woman and did not enjoy the thought of Norm fretting needlessly.
'You have my word,' he said. 'But I won't sign anything, because I can't see that it would offer any security at all. I do have an idea, though. Adoption. Have Norm formally adopt it. That would be the perfect way forward.'
'I suggested it already,' she said. 'But he seemed to feel it was some kind of kick in the groin. I think he doesn't want to acknowledge any of it, openly.'
'Then lie. Put his name on the birth certificate. I don't care.'
'He won't lie. I've tried that approach, as well.'
It appeared to Percy that the couple on the nearby table were altogether too interested in the conversation. They reminded him of another couple, also Singaporean, who, in the cinema that afternoon, leaned over him, almost as Fart-Cloud Man did, while he talked on his phone. At the time, he assumed they wanted him to stop, even though the lights were up and the adverts not yet started. But he remembered feeling suspicious.
'Nosey,' he said, nodding to the couple on the next table, so they could see.
Verity suddenly laughed.
'What?'
'Oh Percy. I think they might be more interested in what's on your head than inside it.' She stifled another laugh. 
He reached up, and found something tied in his hair. He pulled it out. 'A purple ribbon?'
'A very pretty little bow,' Verity chuckled. 
Percy frowned. He knew exactly who'd done it. For some time, the boy neighbour had been threatening to put a bow in Percy's lengthening hair, saying it was girly. The quick snooze by the pool before going to the cinema must have given him his opportunity. 
'Vee! You let me sit here like it, without saying a thing.' Percy was wounded. A hot flush filled his cheeks as he thought back to all the places he had been between the pool and the café.
'I thought it might be the new Following uniform,' she giggled. 'You know, like Plymouth Brethren wear a headscarf. I wondered if Following had settled on a purple bow. I was going to ask where you got it so I could get one for Norm.'
'Plymouth Brethren?'
'A small faith. I assume from Plymouth. You've not heard of them? Long hair, head scarf, long skirts?'
He shook his head; scowl deep.
'I doubt they've heard of you, either.'
Percy decided on a change of subject. 'What's the other thing you wanted? You said first the baby and second, what?'
She cut in, sharply. 'You've forgotten already? Shows how much you care.' Verity pursed her lips, laughter gone. 'No more sneaking off to the shed. No more sex, is what I said.'
'May I ask why? Have I done something wrong?'
'Of course not. It's upsetting Norm. I mean, I know he quite literally believes you are God's gift, but it is my own belief that he can't get past the fact that you are also his friend. I can see his point, I suppose. He justified it all before, because he decided it was God's will for me to become pregnant by a prophet. But now… well… I dunno… there isn't that excuse for him, is there? Now, none of it makes sense; me having sex with you doesn't stand for anything special. Why would some great spirit in the sky be willing me to have orgasms with you?'
Percy startled at the word orgasm. He checked on the nosey neighbours, but since he'd removed the ribbon from his hair they'd become more interested in their phones.
'He seems more bothered by me and you, than me and…'
'Other men?' he finished.
'Yes. Which brings me to the other reason,' she continued, 'I've met someone else.'
'What?'
'You heard. I don't enjoy having lots of different lovers. One at a time is all I can cope with, these days.'
'These days? Blimey, Vee, these days! Who is it?'
'No one you know.'
'How did you meet him?'
'You're sure it's a him, Percy?'
His mouth gaped.
Verity laughed. 'Of course it's a him. I'm teasing. One homosexual in the family is quite enough.'
'Bisexual, surely?'
Verity sighed. 'It was a joke. Don't spoil it.'
'So there is no one.'
'That part wasn't a joke. If you must know, I met him at a party. You remember the one? You were there. The party where you told Kristen her book was terrible? At Amanda's place.'
Percy's mouth dried. He could not recall Verity talking with any man other than him. He did not feel very happy. All set to let their relationship drop, he now wanted her to need him again; to want him the most.
'It was a bit of fun, Percy, you know that. We agreed. It was never anything else. It was really good, and you were amazing.'
He got the impression that, for once, Verity was relying on old patter used time and time again. 'Next you'll be saying that it's not me, that it's you, and asking if we can be friends,' he accused.
'It is me, and I know we can remain friends. I am not the right one for you and you don't even want me to be. I can see you, Percy; I look at you and I don't see a misery or a prophet, I just see a man I like a great deal feeling hurt. I see Percy Field, wanting what he can't have just because he can't have it. It's normal, which is quite a unique experience for you, I should think.'
25. PERCY
'Me?'
'Yes, you.'
'Oh God!' Percy slumped. 
The boy's father patted Percy's shoulder. 'He loves you, mate, like it or not. I can't go and it's a big part. It'll be an hour, that's all. Just sit there and watch and clap when he does his stuff. Then you can go to The Tired Turtle to get over it. Here,' he passed Percy a fifty-dollar bill, 'to ease the pain.'
Percy took the money. 'When?'
'Three-thirty.'
'I meant what day?'
'Today. Three-thirty. I'll book you a cab for three, that'll give you time to get there and find a seat. It's not far.'
Percy watched his neighbour retreat. He'd been planning to meet up with some young disciples and Norm, at East Coast park, and give instruction regarding footwear and what defines a sandal over a flip-flop. Wandering back inside to the kitchen to make a drink, he sent Norm a message to say the meeting was off. Norm replied by saying they would meet up anyway, and Percy should come along if he had time. Percy questioned why they would meet without him. Norm said because they'd like to. Percy requested that they didn't. This time Norm did not respond, which Percy took as agreement.
He decided to spend the few hours before the school play refining some of the doctrine. Language, he had discovered, can be highly ambiguous, and whilst he was proud of his booklets the content already required revision. In an added section on dress - needed because without it there were disagreements, since certain members had a tendency to wear white, robe-like, costumes while others wore hardly enough fabric to cover a mosquito bite - he had made an error. The addition was only made through frustration, to stop everyone losing focus and judging each other; for himself, Percy couldn't care less. Providing those in white robes didn't don long pointy hats and the barely dressed weren't actually naked, he really couldn't see the problem. 
So, he'd made it as plain as he could: everyone has a right to cover up, entirely if they wish, but equally everyone has a right to bare legs and bare shoulders, even to bare backs and stomachs, and to bare arms. The young dreadlocked American had spotted the problem, with a chuckle. The right to bare arms sounded as the right the bear arms. A section of the constitution of the United States had slipped in and made his efforts laughable.
Worse, interpretation of his declaration that disciples should try and carve a path for themselves and follow their own conscience had, by some, been taken to mean Percy condoned all behaviour, regardless. Already he'd had to deal with a young man convinced his personal path involved shoplifting clothes, because he had no regrets after he'd done it. He always gave the clothes to his local Buddhist temple, to be used towards the cost of caring for the elderly. When Percy had drawn his attention to the section stating theft was not permitted, the lad had used Percy's words against him.
'Follow your own conscience,' he'd said, with wide and admiring eyes. 'I do not view it as theft, only as redistribution of wealth.'
'How about the redistribution of your freedom?' Percy asked. 'You might end up in prison if you carry on.'
'A prisoner of my conscience,' the young man replied.
Percy had sighed. This was not what he had signed up for, but he supposed the challenge must have a purpose.
And so Percy resolved to rethink elements of his booklet. Taking a cup of tea onto the back deck, he began making notes. The problem with a wishy-washy do-as-you-please ethos, which much of Following remained, despite his attempt to set rules, was the instability of interpretation.
Making changes was easier than he'd imagined. The first draft had been hard; just trying to think of what may or may not be relevant proving as troublesome as trying to define it in words on paper. Editing was simple by comparison. He sought out ambiguity and tightened the prose, thus toughening his stance on most topics. He struggled with theft versus conscience, however. What if the young man had not been taking clothes, but instead was an orphan stealing bread to feed starving siblings? Eventually he decided to add a caveat at the very end of the book, just before adding the words THE END.
Life is not black and white or even shades of grey. Take from the words of this scripture what you dare to believe and follow nothing more.
Clueless as to what this might mean, he set down his pen and went to take a shower before heading to the boy-neighbour's school.
*
The boy spotted him in an instant. The child smiled the briefest of smiles, before setting off across the stage to continue delivering his lines. The play, Percy soon worked out, was a recount of the rise and fall and rise again of Singapore.
The room was packed with parents and what he guessed were visiting grandparents and other overseas guests. Most of the men wore short sleeved shirts and light-weight trousers, while many of the women looked dressed ready for a cocktail party. This showy aspect of expat life never failed to amaze him.
Percy was sitting rigidly, uncomfortable with the person next to him. The seat had been left vacant until the very last moment, which had both pleased and mildly offended him. A tiny daydream had seated Kristen there, in a beautiful coincidence. Instead, reality brought another woman, smiling courteously as she sat down. Although lovely, she was not made up ready for drinks or dinner, or whatever women did after they'd made such an effort with their appearance. Rather, she was simply attired in a light cotton shirt and white shorts, revealing long, smoothly tanned, legs. 
Percy was not uncomfortable because of her casual sexiness, however; grateful though he was for the pleasant sight. Nor was it the mere fact of having someone sitting in such close proximity. More, it was that he thought she was Japanese. The play was progressing. The second world war was yet to come.
 He was increasingly uneasy. Soon, this anxiety would be swarming. What was the matter with him, he wondered? He never used to give any thought to how others might feel. It was so easy, back then. Times like this made him think that his personal upgrade had brought with it too much emotional complication. Of course, for a prophet, one of the positives in learning to empathise was that he was now able to tell people what they wanted to hear; in other words, lie. But a side-effect, felt keenly at this very moment, was crippling embarrassment.
It was hard to concentrate on the story line, distracted not only by his own rising tension, but also by the outpouring of emotion around him. It seemed terrible dancing and squawked solo songs were leaving many members of the audience weeping. Even the woman beside him wiped a tear, looking to Percy as if he should be doing the same. Had he missed something, was the question? Or were they all crying not because little Tarquin and tiny Tarquineena were so wonderful, but because they were unbearably shit?
The boy neighbour was putting in a fine performance, as it happened. He held the audience and stole the stage and Percy felt vaguely proud, though decided the child would gain nothing from being told this. He was the narrator, changing costume with each scene, and telling the story from a new perspective every time. It was a huge part, and Percy felt sorry that the father couldn't have come instead. He checked himself.  If the father had come then he, Percy, would have missed it, which would have been a shame. He checked himself again. Missing it, old Percy reminded the newer, more caring, version of himself, would have been a good thing.
Silence fell across the stage. Children dressed as British soldiers were staring soundlessly out and across to the back of the room; an impressively large auditorium, Percy felt, for a school. They stood there for some time, looking, one or two hamming it up by shading their eyes and scanning a full one hundred and eighty degrees, wall to wall. Then, with a bang so loud Percy jumped, other children burst onto the stage from behind and proceeded to gun down the gazing British. Within seconds, a Japanese flag was hanging as a back drop.
For a moment, Percy couldn't bring himself to look at his neighbour. When he did, he saw she was smiling at him. 
She leaned in. 'Thank God my mother wasn't here,' she said, before clapping.
Percy clapped too, though he was still uneasy despite what he supposed was reassurance. 
'That's my son,' she added, pointing to a young boy who was frowning seriously in front of the great, red, sun.
Percy was aghast. It had been some time since he had been forced to consider political correctness. At home, in England, it was easy, because absolutely nothing was suitable to say. On moving to Singapore, he'd slowly got used to the way things were, races and religions protected by law but joking about each other readily. This school play represented something different again.
The woman beside Percy grinned. 'Don't look so horrified. They don't do PC here. And I'm half British so I can be offended twice over. Which one is yours?' She nodded to the children leaving the stage.
'Half-time? Already?' Percy questioned.
'Interval,' she corrected. 'So, which one?'
Percy pointed, before quickly lowering his finger. 'None. I'm here as a favour.'
'You're Percy Field, aren't you? I thought I recognised you.'
Percy smiled. Following was becoming even more widely known, it seemed.
'Yes,' she continued, 'I remember you. You were at a dinner party with your wife… Sal is it? Beautiful looking woman, as I recall. Quite a quiet sort, though. You told the hostess you thought a monkey could make better brownies with its arm in a sling.'
'Did I?'
'Yes. I remember it because she hadn't made them. I had.'
'Ah.'
'Ah, indeed.'
'I don't remember saying it.'
'You were drunk. But so was I, so don't worry.'
'Drunk when you made the brownies?'
'No. Not when I made the brownies. So, what have you been up to since then?'
Old Percy would have felt self-conscious admitting what it was he did every day. New Percy was convinced he was on the right path. 'I'm a prophet. I lead a faith called Following.' He said it casually. It was a fact.
She laughed, and turned her attention to the programme, a folded piece of paper with a drawing of a Merlion on the front. 'My son drew this.'
'You could come along,' he said.
'Sorry?'
'Following. You could come to one of my sermons.'
She laughed again. 'That's a novel line. And you, a married man!'
Percy was puzzled. 'We're not married anymore.'
Her face straightened. 'I'm sorry to hear that. But I am. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm not like that.'
Feeling a little lost, Percy stared at the stage and waited, choosing not to speak anymore. Before long, the play restarted with grim scenes of torture and deprivation. Percy suddenly realised that whilst he had never wanted children, he'd made that choice without the faintest idea of what might go on within a child's world. This was what lay ahead for Norm and Verity. No heart strings tugged. 
All Percy wanted now was for the play to end so he could go to The Tired Turtle and think about flip-flops and sandals and how to make an effective ban; focus within his faith veering towards the negative, just as it tended to in everyday life.
26. HOLLANDSE CLUB
It seemed that, yet again, time was not his own, and Percy's plans were forced to give way to the whims of another.
Percy had come to the Dutch club to see if it was a suitable place for a meeting. A disciple was a member, and anywhere with a bar and pool was always a welcome venue; the serious issue of preaching often followed by a drink and a swim, off the back of which Percy might find himself enjoying an intimate moment or two. Intimate moments were always a perk of the job, he'd discovered, along with free food and wine. His mother once told him that power, or the perception of it, was an aphrodisiac, citing fancying her driving instructor as an example. The sense of betrayal this conjured up had scarred young Percy Field, though the throb of that old wound meant he now understood her words to be true.
Having arrived for a quick look around, ahead of meeting up with Verity for a foot massage in Holland Village, Percy found himself stuck. It was comedy night, and who should be waiting to go on stage but a man he never expected to see again. It was as if in that one moment back in time, at the Traffic Police Station, when he'd quipped that the officer dealing with Sal's case was a stand-up comedian, he'd set the future. There in the club, the officer recognised him and insisted Percy stay and watch his performance. Yesterday it was school children horrifying Percy, today it was policemen set on tying his bones into one huge knot of awkwardness.
The officer looked different out of uniform, though he remained well-groomed and his deep laugh was still at odds with his mildly camp manner. He told Percy that there were two headliners on first and then him. This format was a regular thing, apparently. Two big names followed by a local trying to make it onto the scene.
Comedy night. Was it possible to have come on a worse evening? Percy hated comedy. He loathed the presumption; the indecent level of commitment required of an audience. It wasn't that he hated laughing. Percy loved finding things funny. It was the expectation he disliked. And he couldn't bear the tension, for when comedy - particularly stand-up - wasn't funny, it was hell on earth. At best, if a spectator coughed, sneezed, laughed too hard, needed the loo, breathed in the wrong way, blinked at the wrong moment, the spotlight would fall upon their now oh-so red-face, and not leave until the show was over and the predatory star's appetite for humiliation satiated. At worst, the hungry comedian took on the form of a chameleon, launching a glistening, fat, sticky tongue and fixing it to a victim's forehead until both spirit and brains were mush. Aside from the pressure, this was the more profound reason Percy hated live comedy: the thought that he might become the focus of it.
'You and your wife still together. Mister Field?' The officer asked, while he and Percy took a drink at the bar. Much to Percy's initial relief, the officer had gone behind the scenes to wait, but moments later he'd remerged looking pale and seeking alcohol.
'We were not together back then. So no, we're not.'
'Nor are we. So much for her being a marriage counsellor, huh?' He smiled, but didn't laugh.
'Nervous?' Percy said.
The officer released a short sharp breath, and then another, and another, and soon he was panting like a woman in labour. He stopped abruptly and grinned at Percy. 'Just a bit.'
Percy hoped this wasn't his act.
'What happened to your wife, Mister Field?'
'What happened to yours?' Percy countered.
'She found God. She left me because she wanted to be with people the same as her. And I suppose I was not supportive. She changed. Why should I thank God for the food on my plate? I paid for it.'
'God stole your wife?'
'Yes. And told her that we were beyond counselling.'
'Cheeky bastard.'
The officer laughed. 'You like comedy?'
Sipping his wine, Percy pondered what to say. Did he like comedy? A straight no would be rude and perhaps cruelly unsettling, since the man's own exposure was looming; ego about to be crushed beneath deathly silence. But to expand might also seem rude. To reveal that comedy left Percy longing to peel off his skin and dismember his own body, flinging it piece by bloody-piece through the nearest fire exit in his attempt to get away without being spotted, might be deemed inappropriate.
'Sometimes,' he compromised. 'If it's good. But if it's shit, then no.' 
The officer seemed to shrivel up. 'I cannot do it.'
Percy beckoned the barman and ordered three whiskies. He pushed two to the frightened man beside him, who looked as if he were about to vomit. The two drinks quickly disappeared and the officer signalled for more. Percy sipped his own, and watched. Why would anyone do this to themselves? At least he, Percy, had been afforded an audience before he'd wanted one. In a sense, had he been a comedian, the crowd were laughing long before Percy uttered a single word; before he'd even stepped onto the stage. To work from scratch, as this man would have to, to need to win the hearts of hundreds within seconds, seemed to Percy nothing short of masochistic. 
'You can do it,' he said, flatly.
The officer shook his head.
'You can. You've done it before.' 
'No. No, I haven't.'
Percy was taken aback. This was a first and possibly a defining moment. He was about to tell the guy to go with his instincts and run, when he stopped himself. Running never did any good, except, perhaps, when people were being chased by muggers or bees. 
'Just do it,' he said. 'What's the worst that can happen?'
'They might not like me.'
 'Worse than that, mate. They won't laugh, and you will feel like the biggest twat that walked the earth, that's what. But at least you'll know how failure feels, and then you can decide if you want to risk it again.'
'You think I'm terrible. You think I'm not funny?'
'How the fuck would I know?' He slugged his drink. 'And how the fuck will they know, if you don't go on? Maybe you are funny. Maybe you're hilarious. Maybe you aren't. Whatever you decide to do - go home, stay, cry, run away, actually shit yourself - by the end of tonight you'll be tucked up in bed and all this will be in the past. The way I see it, you may as well do it.' Percy tipped the final dregs of whisky into his mouth and ordered another. 'And,' he went on, 'I'd rather wake up feeling the job was done, than wake up knowing that horrible first time is still ahead of me.' This was a lie. Percy was getting better at it. For himself, he would not go on stage at all, and rather than dissecting the night's events come morning, he would have a cup of tea and think about something else entirely.
The officer looked at him with the gaze of a small deer cornered by two dogs. 'I cannot.'
'Then don't. Who's your favourite comedian?'
'No one you would know,' came the gloomy reply.
'Mine is Jack Dee,' Percy said, not minding the half-truth one bit. 'Heard of him?'
'Sure.'
'Before his first gig he was so nervous he let out some pee,' Percy lied, 'and without any time to change, was pushed out onto the stage with the wet patch showing. He walked straight back off, vomited over the person that pushed him, went back on only to find the place erupting with laughter. He's never looked back.'
'You think I should do that?'
'No. But if you are as good as I think you are,' Percy cringed inwardly, 'then whatever happens, you'll be able to use it to your advantage.' He noticed a little of the fear subsiding, and pressed on. 'What's your opening line?'
'Good evening. Haven't you lot got homes to go to? If not, then you are all under arrest.'
Percy smiled, indulgently. The law did not permit homelessness in Singapore. 'Perfect. The place is brimming with expats. They'll love it. Trust me.'
The officer smiled. 'Okay,' he said very quietly and making to leave. 'I'm going backstage now. I can do it. I'm so sorry. Thank you. Your hair, by the way. It needs cutting.'
'Knock 'em dead.'
'You'll watch?'
Percy had originally intended to appear as if he were going to watch, before sneaking away. He changed his mind. This was an occasion when it was better to be honest, he decided. Besides, Verity was waiting. 'No. I haven't time. But I'll catch up with you. I want to know how it goes.'
The officer nodded and walked away.
Percy checked the time and then sent a message to say he was running late. But rather than go directly, he ordered another drink and waited. Only when he heard the officer's first line delivered and the roar of laughter, did he leave.
27. FINAL DOCTRINE
The encounter with the policemen got Percy thinking. Despite himself, he felt pleased that he had enabled someone to push ahead and fulfil their dreams, though he did not consider that he may have been the cause of the wobble in the first place.
The rewritten booklet needed only some final tweaking. Percy stared at the computer screen, sweat running down his neck. One or two more remarks and it would be finished. In the pages reserved for inspiring sentences, he added:
If at first you do not succeed then try again. 
Giving up is not failure. Not trying is failure.
No one should feel they are elite, only that they are special.
Hate is for the lazy.
The general tone was now prescriptive and given the officer's positive response to Percy's frank advice, he was sure continuing to tighten his message was the right thing to do. Not for the first time, Percy missed Hester's guidance, so annoying when she was alive.
After checking the layout, he left the file to print and started reading his emails. Art had sent him one the week before and Percy was yet to reply. He read it again. Art had given his wife some gardening vouchers for her birthday and she was cross, accusing him of buying something for himself. Art had argued that if this was his plan, he would have gone ahead and bought her the new trowel and man-sized leather gardening gloves he'd had his eye on. He'd thought she might like to buy some flowers, since she moaned incessantly about the growing expanse of vegetable beds.
What a pair, Percy thought, affectionately. Always bickering, her withering the blood in Art's veins with her dry remarks and evil stare, him a slippery sod always managing to avoid her wrath and ending up with a kiss. Because in reality she was very nice. It would be good to see them again, together. 
Percy moved off the email, without replying. The first time he'd read Art's message it provoked the same response as it did now: an unwilling turning of his attention to the future. Pressure to think about the fact that he had not yet decided what to do with it. If he cut away the fat and looked solely at his purpose in life, then Percy could imagine going on as Prophet indefinitely. But circumstances were not so lean; clinging all about him were insecurities. Soon, he would have nowhere to live. He thought again of the policeman and his opening line.
While the printer whirred, clicked and worked away, Percy went downstairs. The day was hot and the house stuffy, despite open windows. He grabbed a towel and set off for the pool, correctly anticipating that it would be empty.
Slipping into the tepid water, Percy pushed off the side and began swimming lengths. How much longer could he do this? He set the thought aside. Live for the moment. Beneath the water, he frowned. Had he put that phrase in the booklet?
What he'd certainly made no mention of was God. Most believed as Percy instructed, focussing on self-awareness and a general, indefinable, higher power. But Percy was aware that whilst one or two disciples believed him to be divine - less prophet and more deity - the remaining few exceptions could not help but look for ultimate sanction in what was familiar: God. Norm was a classic example of this. 
Percy mulled it over as he swam. Would it refocus these god-fearing disciples if Fart-Cloud Man was included in the booklet? Might Fart-Cloud Man offer evidence for the ill-defined, and change those whose faith still lay with their well-defined god? Might Percy demonstrate that depicting one great, white-bearded man, watching all mankind from above, was nothing short of a metaphor for conscience? Why did conscience require a metaphor? Conscience was tangible. 
Fart-Cloud Man was not a metaphor. He was real, and if he represented anything then it was the little-understood things, all those small events defying explanation. Those believing in God seemed to want it both ways, the explained and the inexplicable, all under one heading: God's purpose. And why would this god of theirs listen to one prayer and not another? It made no sense at all. If he included Fart-Cloud Man then he could address all of this.
But Percy resisted. Firstly, there was the issue of what to call him because his current name was disrespectful, and secondly, what would he say about him? The cloudy form never spoke, his presence not influencing even the atmosphere of the room. His innocuousness would have made him the perfect emissary at the outset of Following, Percy thought, when it was essentially nothing more than a group of people sitting and thinking about what it meant to be alive. At least, he would have been perfect, had Percy been able to make him move from his regular spot beside the bed. But he hadn't met Fart-Cloud Man then, and had no idea if movement was possible.
Percy stopped swimming and stood up, trying to settle the mix of thoughts. Was he turning Fart-Cloud Man into God? It wouldn't do. It made everything too complicated, as if it wasn't already complicated enough. Fart-Cloud Man was welcome to watch over him sleeping, but his involvement would have to end there. Of course, if he broke his silence and moaned about being left out, then Percy would think again.
28. POOL OF WONDERS
The boy squealed and leaped into the pool to get away from Percy, who was wielding purple ribbon with a determination Joyann had never before seen him apply to a child. Lucas was laughing hard, seemingly very pleased with the opportunity to use the condo pool, many times larger than his own and adorned with interesting features, such as steps and water jets, plus a sheet-like waterfall to pummel his back. He and Percy's neighbour had been playing happily. Amanda's toddler was watching, safely clutching mother's leg, while Joyann and the rest of the book club chatted. The subject so far had not been the latest book. Instead, they were discussing Percy's obvious lust for Kristen. Unusually, Joyann felt relaxed, despite the diversion.
'She's gone back to New Zealand,' Amanda said, when Percy took a break from playing and called across to ask if Kristen would be joining them. His hopeful face turned to a picture of regret, which became something close to distress when she'd added, 'She's getting married next week. We're off tomorrow.'
'Who is she marrying?' Joyann enquired, once Percy had immersed himself below the surface for more time than seemed healthy.
'An artist. Christ knows how they'll support themselves.' Amanda added that she did not know him.
Joyann felt sorry for Percy. His life was peppered with episodes that would cause the brightest of spirits to feel disenchanted. Perhaps there was reason to be misanthropic, if all the human race did was offer disappointment after disappointment. She was not prepared to include Following in this thought process. Following, Joyann was certain, was a fraud, even if the poor souls believing themselves disciples did not know it. Her own Christian faith was wavering because of it, finding herself wondering if all religion was a fraud.
When finally Percy burst from the water, his expression was brighter. He spotted the boy again and the hilarity recommenced.
'She's a beautiful woman,' remarked one member, referring to Kristen. 'Lovely figure.'
'It'll be wrecked when she has kids,' another replied. 
'She doesn't want any,' Amanda informed them.
'We'll see,' said someone else.
It was a knowing tone that irritated Joyann. Why did people do this, she wondered? Why did they assume everyone wanted the same thing, and if they didn't want it right now then eventually they would? But her crossness was not as great as the sadness she felt for Percy. Kristen would have been perfect for him and now she was taken.
'Who has read the book?' she asked.
Everyone had, and it was agreed they should make a start. Joyann called to Lucas and asked him to watch Amanda's little one, a job he seemed pleased to do, since his new friend had run off somewhere to hide from Percy. Percy, it would appear, was sleeping on a lounger, but no one was fooled. It was a trap and he was waiting for his prey to return.
*
At the end of each session the next book was chosen. Ordinarily, the choice alternated between members, but when Joyann, whose turn it was, suggested The Tempest, faces turned grey. 
'A play? By Shakespeare?' gasped Amanda, 'I was hoping for something by a local author, Joyann. I thought you might be able to introduce us to Singaporean literature.'
Joyann smiled, graciously. 'Of course. I would be pleased to help. I have read wonderful work. I will message you my ideas. There is some interesting historical fiction you all might enjoy.' She grinned, 'We can leave The Tempest. You are rescued. It was just an idea.' It was true. She did not mind at all, for she had already read it herself, which was enough.
As promised, Percy had loaned her the book, saying she should keep it. Joyann had no intention of hanging on to something Percy was essentially bequeathed, even if technically Hester had been alive at the time. She had taken a glass of wine into her garden and read it from cover to cover in one sitting. It made for a disappointing experience, since there were no handwritten notes on the pages, no quotes highlighted, nothing that told Joyann anything more about why Hester had given her the theatre programme, or Percy the play. By the end, she was no clearer regarding Hester's intentions than when she first sat down. Even a good plot summary found on the Internet revealed nothing that wasn't tenuous. Maybe she had no intentions. Perhaps all the elderly woman wanted was not to put the programme of her favourite play in the bin.
With it agreed that Joyann would come back to Amanda with her book choice, a few members left. Joyann, seeing what fun Lucas was having and knowing she did not have to work, chose to stay. Before long, the covered area beside the pool was emptied of everyone but Joyann and Amanda. The children, all three, were playing on the steps. Percy, all knew, had fallen asleep while lying in wait; the quiet drift of a gentle snore giving him away.
'How long will you be in New Zealand?' she asked Amanda, who had stripped down to her bikini ready for a swim.
'Two weeks. It'll be good to see everyone.' She waded into the water as she spoke. 'You ever been?'
'No.'
'You should. Beautiful place. Gorgeous people. He should think about going there,' she gestured towards Percy. 'The place is virtually empty. He'd love it.'
'I think he has changed,' Joyann said. 'He is no longer a man enjoying his own company but a man enjoying being worshipped.'
'No different from most men, then,' Amanda laughed. 'And I doubt he's really changed.'
'Once, I would have agreed with you. I would have said it was impossible. But he does seem different.'
'An interlude, Joyann, that's all. Like a gap year. It doesn't change who you are but helps you see yourself more clearly. You might sit on a beach in Thailand with braids in your hair and henna on your hands and realise the world is a bigger place than you'd thought, and beer is cheaper in some parts than others, but that's about it. When you get home, your clothes still need washing, you watch the same old programmes, you talk about the same old things.'
'You are a cynic?'
'Realist. And he's too old to change.'
Joyann looked at Percy, quietly sleeping. Life since she'd known him had been very up and down, as if fortunes had swayed upon his arrival. She had set up The Discussion Group, split from Ethan, set up a new business and grown an old one while nursing her mother and then dealing with death. So much in a relatively short time.
'He was meant to come with me to my mother's grave, during Qingmin,' Joyann said, thoughts drifting. 'You know Qingmin?'
Amanda said that she did. 'He didn't come?'
'No. Last year he was so interested, and this year he said he could think of nothing he wanted to do less than share food with a corpse.'
'Did he actually use the word corpse?' Amanda sounded horrified.
Joyann paused. Corpse had been her own word, added through resentment. 'No, he said dead person, but he may as well have said it.'
'And this is Percy being different? What the hell was he like before?'
Joyann smiled. 'Actually, I preferred him before. And saying what he did, well that was a glimpse of the old Percy, I suppose. Before, I always knew where I stood, which was nowhere in particular. Now it is very hard to tell. You know he asked me to join Following?'
'What the hell? I hope you said no!'
Joyann laughed loudly. 'Of course.' She watched as Amanda's gaze settled on the focus of their discussion. 'What are you thinking?' she asked, interested in the haze of regret she could see in Amanda's expression.
'I'm thinking that I'd once thought he'd make a good match for Kristen. How wrong I was. Lucky escape, I reckon.'
'Did she like him?'
'Yeah, she did. A lot. But you know how it is; life got in the way. She used to hang out hoping to run into him, sometimes. A guy like him doesn't get stuff like that, and there is no way she would go knocking on his door, if you get my meaning.'
'He is a man too busy looking to see. I doubt he had any idea.' In that moment, Joyann felt very sorry for Percy, indeed.
'Then she met this artist bloke,' Amanda continued. 'They'd known each other three weeks when they decided to get married. Why they don't just live together I have no idea. But that's Kristen for you. All or nothing.'
'Three weeks? My goodness. That does seem very fast. A little reckless, perhaps.'
'Yep. But you can't tell Kristen a thing without her getting mad. Good luck to them. I hope it works.'
'Pity she and Percy were not able to find each other.'
Amanda waded into the water. 'Not a pity. That guy is bloody crazy.'
Joyann watched Amanda swim away. In her opinion, he was not. Percy was nothing more than a loner deluded through someone else's clever manipulation. It was a shame Amanda felt this way, she thought, and it prompted a sense of protectiveness. Amanda was not seeing the whole picture, Joyann was certain, not knowing that what she saw in Percy was not necessarily who he was.
Joyann lifted her gaze to the sky, and followed the movements of a white-bellied sea eagle as it silently drifted on a high current; bright against the blue. This is what Hester wanted her to know, she decided; Hester wanted her to understand that what many believed in - Percy Field as Prophet - was not as it seemed, and that he might one day need a friend. Percy, unwitting actor; Joyann unwitting spectator. 
That, when I waked, I cried to dream again.
Percy was, perhaps, some sketchy version of Caliban, a monstrous being under Hester's control. Would he wake up and see the truth and long to return to his stupor? Well, frankly, thought Joyann, she knew all of this already, without the help of a ridiculously mysterious theatre programme.
29. PERCY
When Percy awoke it was still night. There had been no loud roar of thunder or flash of lightning to wake him. The only sound he could hear was a rhythmic croaking of frogs from the tree filled space opposite. That little piece of jungle, fifteen acres or so of fast growing, easily broken trees, planted over the top of a Chinese cemetery, had been Percy's delight from the start. Now, with the two-year lease on the house nearly up, he would have to leave it. How that departure might work when he had no interest in anything but Following, was another matter; a vital next step that did not grab his attention. Sal had his ticket to England ready, repeatedly asking when he would be free to collect it. She would not email it, he knew. She wanted to see it there, in his hand. He was a busy man, he replied each time, watching his phone until the predictable reply popped onto the screen: busy profiting. It was always spelled that way. 
Fart-Cloud Man was there. He was lunged forward, attentive as always. Percy chose not to speak as planned. Something had happened the day before that made him uneasy. 
When sitting in the study -  a converted bedroom opposite his own -  he had thought The Kraken was on the top floor, having watched what he believed to be her, walking across the short landing from one room to the next. The study wall was separated from the stairwell by floor to ceiling glass, the only view the giant shaft of wooden treads rising from the basement and finishing on the landing of the fourth and final floor. But when he'd called out and asked her something, The Kraken appeared from downstairs. 
'I thought you were up top,' he'd said. 'I saw you.'
A surprisingly friendly expression appeared on The Kraken's big face. 'You see the shadows? Just cars, or birds. It's nothing. I tell myself this.' She'd retreated and he'd watched her go, whatever he'd wanted forgotten. Looking up, the top landing was quiet. 
Part of him wondered if yet again there was a woman up there, having a shower and doing yoga, or whatever she had said that time. He'd left his desk and gone up to look, finding nothing. The hairs on his arms had tingled and stood on end, his back felt cold.
Now, under the gaze of Fart-Cloud Man, Percy did not know what to think. There was still no feeling of menace from the strange form, but the unease from the day before had not left him. Previously, though convinced of the reality of what he was seeing, he was sure the cloud was nothing to worry about; certain of it, in fact. But now, everything felt different. 
Fart-Cloud Man faded and was gone.
Rolling onto his back, Percy started to think clearly for what seemed like the first in a while. Clarity was sudden, as if logic had been on holiday and, fully relaxed from a lovely break in the Maldives, had now slammed back into his head, raring to go. It was an indisputable fact that the condo and trees opposite were on top of an old cemetery, and therefore if one believed in an afterlife or spirits, it would make sense to find them there. 
But this was based on the assumption that any spirit would want to spend its spare time mooching around a graveyard when, if free to move around, it could be sitting in a hawker centre enjoying a beer over a plate of fried noodles. Because why would any being hang around somewhere so deathly, when according to Joyann, once a year they all traipsed off in search of a good meal if grave-service wasn't available? Why not wander off at any time? Why not just fit back in and pretend to be alive? Perhaps this was The Kraken's secret? The reason she looked so relaxed about the whole thing, how she managed to be both upstairs and down at the same time.
Additionally, a spectre choosing to use a landing forty feet above grave-level was not just inexplicably weird, it was ridiculous. And as for Fart-Cloud Man, that was easy. Naturally he, Percy Field, Prophet and leader of Following, was able to believe in the apparition. This was because his mind had become open after being so closed. It was not yet trained to filter reality from dreams, dreams from fact, and fact from fiction. Even thinking this way made his head feel fuzzy. In that moment, a brief love affair came to end: Fart-Cloud Man was ditched.
A course of action became clear. Percy had taken control of the faith and so now he must do the same with whatever was happening in his own home. He could not believe in a god, but since he was inclined to believe in a higher being, a spiritual force, maybe the time had come to define it? It was possibly intelligent. An alien? Percy threw back the thin sheet covering his legs and checked the time on his phone. Three o'clock. It was madness to think about such things alone in the gloomy silence of early morning. It wasn't called the witching hour for nothing. The idea of an alien fell away, forgotten, as he opened the curtains. 
Looking across at the trees, softly lit under the moonlight, the lunacy itching at his brain settled and Percy felt at peace. Checking the path below, he wondered if by some strange chance the guard would catch him naked again. Did he still sneak along to the very nice lady at number twenty, the dirty bastard? For some reason, Percy hoped so.
Soon back in bed, Percy propped himself up on two pillows and began reading the news using his phone, still very appreciative of the fast Internet connection. At home, in England, in their creaky old house and creaky old neighbourhood, he and Sal would weep with frustration while a streaming film would stutter and freeze, or as a page of information wheezed its way onto the screen of whatever device had summoned it ten minutes before.
'The news,' he said, aloud. But that was all he said, as he scanned the international headlines only to find politics from this country terrifying communities, politics from that one boring the world, a mad dictator here, a violent clash there. It was a far cry from a detailed article he'd read in The Straits Times, regarding growing slovenliness in Singapore and citing the discovery of a rogue shopping trolley left where it shouldn't be, by way of example. Which it was, of course, but this was hardly the point.
After checking the weather, predicted to be thirty-one degrees again, he settled down once more. The ceiling fan slowly whirred, wafting air over his hot feet. In around one hour, the room would feel cooler; almost comfortable. Not for the first time he realised that he did not want to lose all this. He liked the heat, he wanted to be somewhere safe and easy, he enjoyed the mix of cultures, the tolerance that rode so effortlessly on the back of intolerance. Most of all, he enjoyed the higher purpose that had been thrust upon him, unawares. Unambiguous, dogmatic, and inclined to enjoy the comforts of life, in so many ways, Percy and Singapore had become the same.
He closed his eyes and soon found images of Haw Par Villa and Jurong Bird Park filling his dreams. Visiting the attractions with Joyann constituted some of the most enlightening experiences he could remember. Many decisions made in these places had become guiding principles. Most recently, feeding time for the pelicans had driven him to take control of Following, and rather than suffer as its chosen slave, transform himself into its mighty leader.
Certainly, the hungry birds' reaction to the keeper had prompted Percy to focus on exerting greater control, but in that moment of enlightenment he had stopped seeing. With Sal only ever in touch to be rid of him, The Kraken running the house, Phrike offering solid and unconditional friendship, Art's pen-pal status secure, his love life dead, sex life as and when he pleased, Percy was free to fully commit himself to providing firm guidance for others. There was room in Percy's mind to think too much, room to grow ideas disproportionately; room for stupidity. 
Thoroughly caught up in his magnificence and absorbedly peddling his new brand of Following, the Chosen One had failed to notice the first of his flock turn away. Believers were beginning to question their faith as fast as they had found it. It seemed the fish, always so fresh and good, so irresistibly tasty and appealing when still in the bucket, had gone off in Percy's hands. Flapping clipped wings, followers were bounding in the opposite direction, while Percy's focus remained firmly set on feeding.
30. THE LAST TESTAMENT
Having applied for and failed to gain permission to use Speaker's Corner, Percy was forced to rethink where to share his new and improved policies, other than the private clubs he already used. These locations were adequate, but he'd noticed the truly devoted were not always at ease in the stuffy, elitist environment. He, for one, was not. Speakers' Corner was always a long-shot, but as an outdoor arena it fitted his ideal. Joyann had again warned against the application, saying if the authorities were unaware of the growth of Following then his application would change that. As expected, the tone of his application left him outside of the law, and therefore it came as no surprise to discover mandatory approval would not be forthcoming. But there was nothing to stop Percy speaking publicly somewhere else, he decided, ignoring the law.
So instead of Speaker's Corner, Percy planned to traipse up the hill of Bukit Timah Nature Reserve and give a sermon at the very top. Only Norm dared to question this choice of venue, and Percy's response was rudely impatient, as if Norm were a fool. He said the platform denied him by the authorities may benefit from fractional geographical elevation, but this hill, Bukit Timah, was perhaps the highest point in Singapore. What annoyed Percy was not that Norm was so stupid he could not see the relevance for himself, but that he did not trust his leader enough to simply go with the flow. So what if the hill was steep? It was a mount. And who cared if the spell of weather was particularly hot? Surely, sufferance in pursuit of something great was commendable. And this sermon would be great, Percy felt, a speech to score itself into history; or at least into the memories of those who heard it. The first time he had read it back to himself he'd been agreeably shocked, unable to recognise himself in the words. But this was the point; it was time to be the person these believers expected him to be. This, at least, was his hope. This was always his hope, each sermon making him more determined to achieve perfection than the last.
But when the day came, the path up proved incredibly hard, far longer and steeper than Percy was prepared to admit, even in the face of it. Time and again, he was compelled to walk backwards so his aching knees could rest, lending him the appearance of a priest gazing encouragingly across his sweaty congregation. 
The nature reserve was packed with general visitors despite both the heat and the fact it was mid-morning on a Monday; usually a quiet time, he knew, for the city's sanctuaries. With incredible pace, the local elderly were speed-walking past Percy's youthful followers, sporting towelling headbands and listening to tinny music ringing harshly from what looked to be small transistor radios. Percy eyeballed the radios with irritation; sweat running from his brow. He was trying to concentrate on the address he would be giving, running through key points in his mind, but distractions seemed to be everywhere. The bag on his back wasn't helping, either, and his hair was driving him mad as it stuck about his face.
Although music broke the feeling of peace, it disturbed little else. Even demoted to backdrop from the lofty heights of main attraction, Nature remained a force to be reckoned with. Amongst the glossy greenery, cicadas continued to cry invisibly and noisily, and though far louder than the music, these insects were not nearly as piercing as the katydids of the night shift. Percy had heard one once, when Sal made him visit the Night Safari. The sound, as he'd passed by the tall plant on which the insect stood, reminded him of a dentist's drill, and he remembered telling her that he thought his eardrums would perforate. They hadn't.
As he kept pushing himself up the hill, backwards, Percy's gaze was drawn to a small squirrel scampering through brown leaves, soft orange belly flashing. A moment more, and a drongo caught his eye, sweeping through the canopy, two long tail feathers trailing. The large bird landed on a leafy branch and began cawing loudly, shiny plumage gleaming black. Percy suddenly thought of Joyann, and how angry she had been with him at the bird park on their first visit, and how happy she had been during their second, cheerily trying to engage him while he maintained his usual sour edge. Why he'd thought of her at that moment, he couldn't imagine. Maybe he was reminded of her black hair?
He turned to climb in the direction of travel. As he did so, a nearby tree twitched with a flying dragon, slender and mottled as bark, round head bobbing while its throat flashed a little yellow neckerchief. A moment later, the lizard dropped away, and Percy watched it gliding smoothly off on outstretched skin. He sighed. It was all so beautiful but something didn't feel right. 
It was a similar sensation to that sometimes felt standing on the balcony outside his bedroom, listening to the chorus of the night. He might be absorbing the wonder of it all, reflecting upon how through adversity good fortune had landed in his lap, feeling the once unfamiliar rise of happiness as a tangible thing, when that happiness would begin to drop away. At times like this, he regretted ever finding happiness, ever feeling joy bounce through him of a morning. What is never had is never missed.
And in those dark hours, where thoughts take on life of their own, when even proposing God might be an alien is logical, Percy sometimes convinced himself the bullfrog lowing all night was simply a creature trying to drown out the croaking of other, lesser amphibians, rather than calling for a mate. It seemed a black thought, as if he were damning a frog for wanting to be heard rather than ravished. And why blame it? If the boy next door must admire any animal, surely this was it, rather than a brainless hairless rodent? Loud, misunderstood, yet persistent, sitting there going on and on and on, while around it the meagre masses failed to match up. He knew the frog's motive was no different from the others, he just liked to think for a moment that it might be. After such reflections, Percy would go inside, and think of things other than how human beings were a constant disappointment to him, for this was the feeling the bullfrog always left him with. 
Back in bed, the moisture-laden sheets, mould and ruined leather shoes, did not fill his thoughts with irritation as they once had. He did not feel cross with the ruin wreaked upon his belongings by Singapore's damp air. Instead, he would plan his next sermon and hope that Fart-Cloud Man, real or not, would approve, knowing that in providing a sermon the lost glimmer of happiness might be restored.
Now, with the worst of the climb behind him, that same sinking feeling in his belly and chest seemed to be draining him of valuable breath. Was it more difficult for lungs to draw oxygen from warm damp air, he wondered? Was this the problem with exercising in the tropics? Finally, after reaching an open wooden shelter at the top of the hill, Percy sat down and waited for his lungs to make a proper job of reviving his half-starved blood. His own body-heat wrapped about him, and Percy worried quite seriously if he were going to pass out. Sweat streamed, drenching his clothes but failing to cool his skin beneath the unmoving, saturated air. He drank deeply from a large bottle of water.
Percy was feeling terrible but refused to reflect upon Norm's doubts about the location. He was Prophet so these were his choices to make. And still he ignored the sinking inside.
*
Eventually, the water worked its magic, and with breath returned, a rehydrated Percy viewed the gathering crowd. Pleasure filled him, smothering the oddness he'd felt. It seemed to him that hundreds had followed him up the hill and now stood waiting for his words; for his guidance. Hundreds. When had Following become so popular, he mused? Was it because he had taken up his position so completely; were his words so utterly divine?
Percy decided he could not keep them waiting any longer. Stepping up onto a stool hauled all the way up the hill in his huge backpack, he began to speak. Nothing experienced in his life offered the same thrill as addressing those whose main purpose was to listen; an unexpected pleasure, indeed, in a man who'd always disliked attention. He'd been wrong to hide away, he now knew. Finally, he was able to understand why people chose to act in films or stage plays, while at the same time claiming to be shy. He'd never been shy, but just as a role afforded the shy actor a mask behind which to hide, so Percy's role offered him the same. For once he could be two people: both private man and bullfrog.
And how wonderful life might have been had Sal thought as these people did. What a difference it would have made. As it was, her main purpose had been to break his heart, and she had. He knew now that he never would be free of her memory, and why should he forget her? Why should he let what she did pass into history as if it never happened? Why should he not hold onto a crumb of grief to remind himself of who she was and what she had done?
The faces before him were bright and talkative, and Percy's chest swelled with pride. Here was a crowd that had come to hear his mighty words; a mixed group, just as he preferred, and they seemed very eager. 
At least, they talked amongst themselves, eagerly.
*
The original, unofficial ideology preached do your own thing. To most, this not only referred to independent action but was an urging of acceptance, and to accept meant accommodating human failings. It encouraged personal discovery with a view that, with the exception of anything causing harm to others, no single act could be deemed a sin. No need, then, for direction. Direction was nothing more than somewhere the breeze might take you. God was little referred to, and in essence was identical to Man, warts and all. 
The sentiment was well liked because it allowed individuals freedom to grow without feeling they had a judgemental eye upon them. It was a liberal dogma, a form of atheism that somehow made space for God, or in Percy's case, a god-like force. It offered an excuse to simply be, with an equivocal reason for being. Popular though it was, the indefinable offered little room for a leader, yet a leader was what the people wanted. Hester had pressed for it, with her old-fashioned view of what a movement should be. Other, younger members came to feel the need, too. Percy was a low sun distending a broad horizon, something bright to focus on, to admire, even though freedom ranged from pole to pole.
This non-prescription offered limited range in terms of what a leader might say, for offering advice flew directly in the face of the main principle. In rising to the challenge and taking the lead, Percy had simply done what was asked of him. But by preaching and urging and demanding, by specifically moralising, Percy himself had strayed from the path.
As he stood upon the stool, he began with a summary.
Listen to me. As individuals, you should exercise responsibility. Personal achievement in life is paramount. Intolerance should be used as a means of improving others. To criticise is to be supportive. 
He then began to expand.
To waft through life like a feathery seed caught on a puff of air is a mistake, for how many seeds simply fall into the water, or land where no roots can ever be put down?
 And further expand.
 Blah blah blah.
The strange feeling was returning, and sharpened. The mood was not as it usually was. While giving instruction, Percy became aware that the crowd had not continued to grow as it normally might. Ordinarily, while he spoke, late followers trailed in alongside the passing inquisitive, creating a buzz of movement around the static core of adoring faces. Not today, at this important and sizeable event. Quite the opposite. A number of people lurking at the back had already sidled off, yet he had been talking for only a few short minutes. 
As he watched, Percy saw nods of agreement exchanged. To one side of him, he thought he heard a comment that went something like I see what you mean directed not at him but a conspiratorial friend. The pair looked remarkably similar to the two, wine swilling, expats from the private club, where he'd talked before the fight at The Tired Turtle. It was hard to be certain, as they shared the expressionless blank face of Trudy and Sal and so many others. Women were a pain in the arse in so many ways, Percy thought.
Elsewhere, on the fringes, certain individuals did not appear to know anyone, but also did not bear the look of curious newcomers. He thought back to the cinema and the Botanic Gardens and automatically checked his hair for ribbon, relieved to find nothing. It was impossible to define what made these few seem different, but different they were.
He stopped and leaned over to Norm, who could often be found standing next to Percy as a proud sidekick.
'I think something's wrong. Do you see those people?'
Norm reassured Percy that he had seen them before. 'I don't trust them, but all they do is watch. Don't worry. You never say anything they could consider controversial. Not really.'
'Not really?'
Norm shrugged.
'And another thing, does the crowd seem a bit small?' Percy muttered this under his breath. He didn't want to admit he'd originally thought it was a large gathering, that he'd been overwhelmed by the numbers and was now disappointed. He wanted only to confirm with Norm there was not a problem.
Norm shook his head and replied equally quietly, 'No. It's just the angle. The slope. There are plenty here. Why? Does it matter?'
'No,' lied Percy, 'just curious.' 
The lecture continued, with increasingly shifting themes. As one directive fell flat, so he swiftly moved to the next. He opened the booklet, and watched as others did the same, only to see his carefully stapled guides stuffed back into bags or pockets. No one dropped them, which Percy took as a good sign before remembering he was in Singapore, where, of course, no one would litter anyway. Only three days before, he'd watched a man attempting to litter a posh mall, as he leaned against a wall, hands behind his back, trying to drop a tiny piece of paper. Finally, he let it go only to come back thirty-seconds later and pick it up. If a grown man wasn't prepared to litter a mall with the equivalent of a postage stamp, then this crowd were not about to make a mess of a nature reserve.
As Percy spoke, more and more people left. Like a rivulet of water, stray droplets bonded to the main body as it dribbled away, the act of leaving drawing others with gathering pace. Soon, the few that had stood out as different began drifting away, too.
Never wear open toed shoes. Revealing toes can result in injury, and who then will clear up the mess? Who then will be forced to treat your feet?
Soon, all that remained before Percy was a tiny pool of core followers - young female students, mainly - and a scattering of macaques, waiting for the right moment to steal something. Percy shortened his sermon, and when it was finished the loyal last humbly retreated, fanning their faces with the booklet. The macaques then closed in on Percy, who, having stepped down from his stool, was rummaging in his bag. He growled and threw the heavy stem of a rotted leaf, clocking one monkey on its long tail. Briefly, the troop scattered, casting looks of disgust back across narrow furry shoulders. Reforming, they moved on with babies clutching.
'Fucking animals,' Percy spat.
Norm's mouth gaped.
'I mean the bloody monkeys.'
'All God's creatures,' said Norm.
Percy flashed a warning glance.
Norm replied with a strange, pulled, face; an expression that said he knew he'd caused offence but didn't know why.
Stuffing a chocolate bar into his mouth, and gruffly repacking his stool and other belongings, Percy ignored Norm's now admiring glances. Percy's sternness did, on occasion, make Norm react in a most peculiar way. 'This fucking chocolate bar is bent. I mean, bent. It's thirty-four fucking degrees and has it melted? No. It has bent. What the fuck is in it?'
'Something to stop it melting?' Norm suggested, innocently.
'Have I missed it?' came a light and cheerful voice. Meera emerged from the path, pausing for breath, clearly relieved to be at the summit having struggled to the top in a tight skirt and heels, low ones for the sake of practicality, with open toes for coolness.
Norm's eyes darted to Percy, but he did not look up or reply to the greeting, nor comment on her toes. Here are the last two of the original four, was all an angry Percy was thinking, and what a pair.
'Hello Meera,' Norm said brightly, 'it was a bit… well… quicker than normal.' His expression distorted into a grimace, as he mouthed the words don't ask.
Meera mirrored Norm's countenance, and mouthed the question ask what?
He shook his head, and silently waved away her curiosity.
'Where's Cocoa?' she said.
'At home. She'd hate this. Too hot and steep.'
By now, Percy had zipped up his huge bag and was making for the main path. He felt decidedly uncomfortable, unsure what it was that had caused so many to disperse so quickly. He wondered if some official department had got to everyone? But if so, why not cut the whole thing off before it had begun? It would have been easy enough to prevent the crowd from moving through the reserve.
He marched back down the hill at five times the pace he had climbed it, aware Norm was tumbling behind, but not listening to the spew of information meant to distract him. News, such as Girlie's first grandchild - named Hester - and Trudy's further delayed return from Bali, went unheard. Somewhere behind them both, Meera slowly tripped along, carefully picking her way whilst grumbling loudly that she wished she had not bothered.
It was so irritating, thought Percy, as his legs set a quick clockwork pace. Today's sermon was to be stronger than anything he had preached so far, and yet he had delivered barely a tenth of it. 
Around him, life in the reserve carried on as normal, but now he did not notice a thing, not even a pretty paradise tree snake dropping to the ground ahead of him, before sliding into the undergrowth. Eventually, once more in the car park next to the visitor's centre at the foot of the hill, Percy phoned for a taxi. Norm, hot and breathless, blue linen shirt soggy, caught up and begged Percy to go on without him, insisting he would wait for Meera. 
Percy shook his head dismissively and scowled. It hadn't occurred to him to do anything else.
*
He made straight for The Bean. The Tired Turtle was tempting, given his mood, but somehow a large coffee and a cold glass of water was, for now, a more attractive prospect. Before finding a seat, Percy went to the nearby cash point, an ATM virtually next door to the café. He fed in his card, selected a language and entered his pin, asking then for two hundred dollars. The screen flashed up: No funds available. He tried again, selecting one hundred, but the same message appeared.
Snatching the returned card, he decided to try it inside the café. Maybe the machine had a fault. He ordered a large cappuccino and a piece of polenta cake. The card was rejected. The staff, knowing his face well, talked amongst themselves for a moment, and then told him to bring payment later. Grateful to be in a country so trusting, and with coffee and cake in hand, Percy went outside and took a seat.
Putting the snack down, he slipped the heavy bag from his back, and shoved it under the table. Then, after pulling his phone from his pocket, he placed it down and stared at it. Touching a button, the black screen lit up with a picture. Sal. It was one she had taken herself, a selfie, and forwarded to him some time ago. In it, she was laughing unselfconsciously, just as she had before seizing his phone and selecting the image to be his screen. It was taken soon after arriving in Singapore, shortly before she'd chosen facial paralysis over character; before she'd chosen a lover over their marriage. When that phone had drowned the picture was gone. But then, somehow, it had floated back into his photos, and from there, in a drunken fiddle, it once more became his home screen. Percy picked it up, and tried for the umpteenth time to find a way to delete it, and for the umpteenth time gave up. He gazed at her. They needed to talk.
Although freely accepting Sal's support, viewing it as compensation for betrayal and abandonment, it was beneath Percy to speak with her about money, because even mentioning the subject felt like begging. However, he knew he must call, because in times of need, pride is a poor relative to necessity. Frustrating as it was, and as difficult as it would be, he would have to find out what was happening. The bank would not speak to him, he knew from experience. The account was in Sal's name only. Percy always used the cash card they'd shared, simply because she no longer used the account and it was convenient. Opening something in his own name was one of those jobs he'd never found time for, though with the power of foresight he might have been more willing to find that time. Now, the truth he would be forced to confess embarrassed him. The words he did not want to speak were an admission he was not willing to make to a stranger, that his lack of income was due to the wife he depended on leaving him.
Percy tapped a brief message.
An answer came quickly. Stopped allowance, thought u might find it motivational. Mila buys food, what else do u need?
Percy was quick to respond. Strawberries garnished with lasagne not all I need. Meant to survive how?
The reply ignored the question. Tenancy ends 1 month. Ticket home on my desk.
Percy could not help himself. Thanks. C u next tuesday :0
No reply came.
Eating and drinking methodically, Percy did not register a single morsel of cake or mouthful of milky foam. The shock ran deep. What was happening to him? 
He had woken that morning full of purpose and drive yet his followers seemed ready to abandon him, and now so did his wife in a more complete way than he had ever thought possible. Divorce yes, but cutting off his support system to drive him from the country? Now he understood what people meant when they talked about twisting a knife.
The situation constituted emergency action. Coffee and cake insufficient to the task, The Tired Turtle beckoned, but how to pay for it was a mystery, especially when alcohol cost so much. He smiled weakly to himself, cost was not an issue; fifty cents or fifty dollars, what did it matter? He had neither. Percy double-checked his pocket. No. Not a cent. Perhaps Sal was right. Perhaps he should go home, wherever and whatever home was.
Deep in thought, he did not hear Joyann say his name until she was sitting beside him, her arm touching his.
'You are distracted, Percy! You didn't hear me?'
He smiled at the sight of her.
'I'm at this branch today. I was leaving for lunch and saw you here. Even from across the street I could see your unhappiness.'
It was with some relief that Percy unburdened himself and shared with his friend the increasingly unpleasant events of the morning. It felt to him, he explained, as if some enormous practical joke was underway but he could not work out where it had begun, or even if it was over. Joyann's sympathy made him feel marginally better. She seemed to understand exactly what he meant.
'Wait here for one moment,' she said, when he had finished.
She disappeared for a few minutes, reappearing with a wad of notes. The pile was placed before him. 'Five hundred dollars. A gift. For essentials.'
Percy pushed it away, 'I can't take it. It wouldn't be right.'
Joyann pushed it back, 'Take it. Think of it as a miracle if you will not take it as a gift.'
'Miracle! A rare event these days, Joyann.'
'Take it.'
No.'
'Percy.'
'No. Thank you.'
'Take it or I will scream,' she smiled. 
'Scream then,' Percy said, knowing she would never do something so unreserved.
'It is not polite to refuse a gift.'
'Don't start that again. We ended up rowing last time.'
'A loan, then, if you prefer. Would you not do the same for me?'
Percy paused. The notes remained on the table between them. 
Joyann left the subject of money. 'Percy. I blamed you once upon a time, saying it was because you moved here to Singapore and brought Sal that my marriage failed. I have already apologised for thinking this way, but I remember it often and feel disappointed in myself.'
'She brought me,' he corrected.
'Seeing you here, like this, I wish to apologise to you again. My husband took your wife from you. Had I been a better wife, perhaps he would not have looked elsewhere.'
'You can't mean that?'
'No. I do not. But these are the thought processes we have both shared along the way. Am I right? We see that one thing has led to another, and wonder if we might have better influenced our own futures? But we cannot. No one can. We cannot know the true outcome of any decision until it is made.'
A long sigh escaped Percy, as his head dropped into his hands, straggly hair falling. His eyes closed, shutting out reality for the briefest of moments. 'I will take this,' he said, eventually, picking up the cash, 'but only as a loan. Thank you very much indeed. You're a good friend. I'd be lost without you.'
'Percy. That is the nicest thing you have said to me.'
'I mean it. And this will help a lot.'
'It is very little really. It seems harsh, Sal stopping your money that way. What about paying for your phone? And how are you meant to buy a plane ticket to go home, or pay a deposit on an apartment if you want to stay?'
'My ticket home is on her desk.'
'So you are going?'
Percy looked steadily at Joyann, sorry that she sounded so sad. All this time, an invisible strand had fastened his wrist directly to Sal's, and he had never tried to cut it. Now, sitting in The Bean, face to face with a pretty woman who remained kind despite terrible betrayal, he longed to be free.
Joyann brightened her face into a smile. 'What are you doing now? Can I buy you another drink?'
'Not here,' he said, 'how about I buy you one over the road? Something a little stronger than coffee?'
'With my five hundred dollars?' she questioned, not altogether joking.
Percy shrugged, 'Why not? Think of it as an early interest payment.'
Joyann narrowed her eyes, as if considering his logic. 'I think you keep the money, and I will buy you a drink. Come. Let's go. I shall suffer The Terrible Turtle just for you.'
31. IMMACULATELY CONCEIVED
In a desperate attempt to claw back status, Percy abandoned the new radical concept of telling people what to do, a move meant to challenge his disciples and stimulate personal drive, falling back instead on the old free thinking drift that had made him popular in the first place. 
In the beginning, way back at the start of it all, these were the things he had said to free himself from attention, but that had acted as a bizarre catalyst propelling him from miserable man to Perfect Prophet. This time, however, his curt and dismissive behaviour worked in the manner of his original intention, and Percy rid himself of popularity. The rise to prophet was meteoric, as he was heaved higher and higher upon the shoulders of the lonely, disillusioned and bored. The fall was a mind-numbing and undignified splat upon Singapore's five-foot way, more commonly known as the pavement.
Sermons, lectures, talks, gatherings, all went from bad to worse, as believers suddenly saw not a man of truth but a fraud as wretched as they came. He'd accepted food and drink, donations of every kind, and welcomed the attention of women. While quite truthfully, he'd asked for none of these things, his acceptance became seen as corruption. There could be no reversal of fortune, no return to that which had passed. Percy no longer felt like a keeper nurturing his flock. He was not even one of the pelicans or a piece of dead fish. To the people, he was not as much use as a bucket or paper towel. He, Percy Field, was no more than something to be cleansed from hands after feeding time, bacteria invisible to the naked eye.
*
Save for the final few sermons, given in the hope he might get a free meal or a drink, the month between Sal's text message and leaving the house passed by in a trudge of inactivity. No offerings were forthcoming from the dwindling congregation, only food from The Kraken, the quality of which was much reduced, as if she thought he were dying and not worth the effort. He would eat and then amble to the pool, occasionally dragged to the pub by Phrike, but mostly he spent his days alone feeling flat and lonely. The boy neighbour occasionally prompted a smile.
Percy could not be bothered to sort and pack belongings, although the house contained furniture from England and many things he and Sal had collected up over the years. Souvenirs of various countries from a time when they still travelled together; paintings given as gifts; fine crystal for fine dining that rarely happened; the wedding album. None of it interested Percy, and those items that survived the lethal combination of evil eye and crushing heel were simply left on the shelf. Sal had not offered him anything other than the plane ticket and some cash, placed in a UK bank account she'd emptied just before leaving him for Ethan, a fact not noticed by Percy until long after the event; an act it took some time to understand. She was never going back. She was not thinking of him.
*
On the final day, a little over an hour before the landlord's agent was due to inspect the house for damage, and to assess what sizeable chunk of the enormous deposit he might keep, Percy packed a small case. He'd refused The Kraken entry, so nothing had been cleaned or tidied, no mug washed or plate rinsed. His favourite chair, sat in for the very last time, lay abandoned where it stood, Percy's backside imprinted upon its worn cushion.
His reasons for not wanting to make an effort were obvious, but his refusal to allow The Kraken access to do her job was less so. Part of him wondered if it was simply revenge, that in a battered corner of his embittered heart he did not want to leave without making some kind of statement; a dirty protest. In so many ways Percy's heart was unreadable even to him, so the person he wanted to hurt with this possible settling of scores was a mystery. It was not Sal, for she seemed uninterested in the reminders of their life together, having claimed very little when she left. She had abandoned her life so completely that nothing remained that she could possibly miss. And she would not have to make right any damage, because the company would pay as part of the package. What was it, then, that made him smash vases? Why leave the bathroom floor urine splashed and toilet seat not wiped? Why leave the foul looking skid mark in the pan? 
Percy had stood upon the bedroom balcony the night before, naked from top to toe, only the angle of the curtain, carefully draped, preventing anyone in the street from seeing his full glory. He wished his old neighbour, the invisible Chinese lady who'd knowingly lived upon a graveyard, and whose odious presence had only ever been felt via complaints to the estate management about his penis, could have enjoyed this beautiful view. He stood there for some time, smiling at the thought of it. He hoped that if Fart-Cloud Man had ever visited her, that the cloudy brown shape of a penis dangled as he lunged.
*
Showered, wet towel abandoned to the floor, Percy made ready to go with the intended full hour in hand. Shortly before walking away from his home of two years, he placed his key on the kitchen table without a note. Stacked beside it were a few letters addressed to Sal that he hadn't bothered to pass on, despite the previous trouble. He hoped they were court orders or similarly serious documents, but they looked only to be advertising literature disguised as something worthy. The temptation to open one and see what words had been blacked out was ignored; he'd lost interest in the quirks of Singapore. Even so, he had stacked them neatly, while everything else lay in disarray.
A final reminiscence seemed necessary. Percy made his way up the stairs and began on the top floor, kept as a guest suite but barely used by anyone other than a solitary lusting disciple and a spectre. And Art's sister and her daughter, of course. The view from this elevated position, across the small patch of jungle opposite, was magnificent, and his only real regret made its presence felt yet again. This view - the creatures that inhabited it, even the birds - was all he really needed or wanted in life. But it was out of the question. What a fine view it was, across the impossible.
Briskly turning from the creep of melancholy, he made his way down through the levels, visiting each room as he went, one last nostalgic glimpse at the last two years of his life. When he reached the basement, he went into the car park and closed the big wooden door behind him. It was over.
'Hello Uncle Percy,' a voice squeaked. 'You going on holiday?' 
'Sort of.'
'Where?' The boy from next door was sitting alone, perched on a small bike, Baldy in his arms.
'None of your business. But listen, little man, can you do me a favour?'
'Maybe.'
'If a bloke comes here and asks if you have seen me, make sure you tell him you have, okay? Tell him I left with a suitcase.'
'But that is what you are doing. Why is that a favour? That's just saying something normal.'
'You might forget you saw me.'
'But what if someone else comes? Shall I tell them the same thing?'
'Yes.'
By leaving early, Percy wasn't trying to evade responsibility. Rather, he hoped to avoid confrontation. Had the agent arrived while he was still in the house he would have done nothing differently, except perhaps flush the toilet. It simply felt right to walk out alone and in peace. The one thing he had learned over the last two years, was that the man he had been on arriving in Singapore was the man he was content to be. Kristen's novel, he'd learned, had been about a male expat on an emotional journey, by the end discovering within himself a better man. Percy was no such protagonist, he thought, not a person subject to a tale of such predictable sentiment. He knew now that there was nothing wrong with the man inside in the first place, it was all a matter of opinion; subjectively, he'd rather liked who he'd always been. Life was to be lived and lived but once; live it happily then, be true to oneself. Percy was not an inherently happy man, but he had been untroubled, which was close.
His phone rang. 'Goodbye boy,' he said to his neighbour, as he accepted the call, 'and say goodbye to your dad for me, too. Okay?' He thought for a moment. 'Good-bye Baldy.'
'Bye Uncle Percy.'
'Hi Phrike,' said Percy, as he walked away. The car park was a utilitarian space, compared with the level above. Concrete and grey, not a trace of greenery, it smelled of car fumes. Percy kicked a stray brown leaf, fallen from above. 'How are you?'
Percy listened in silence, as his friend explained his latest news. He hoped Percy would not take it personally, he said, given recent events with Sal, but the fact was he had left his wife and was moving into a friend's empty apartment with Meera. They'd been seeing each other for some time, and he'd never been happier.
Percy couldn't think what to say. The age gap between Phrike and Meera was significant, but in their favour was that Meera knew how to hold a conversation and Phrike how to treat women properly; except, it seemed, his wife. Also in Meera's favour was her figure, Percy decided with a smile. She was curvy in a very firm way, not a lumpy-bumpy mound of a girl that wobbled. Meera was comfortable with her body, unlike Sal who was decidedly in the thin-is-best camp, a camp that does not rest easily upon its pokey-out bones. Before the naked Sal could bring herself to weigh in, she would shave off every hair from her body and empty everything she could possibly empty, including the snot from her straightened nose. Still she was disappointed. It maddened Percy, for Sal had the best figure he had ever seen, before she set about staying thin. He wondered if he should be thinking these things. Joyann would disapprove. Percy frowned. Verity. There was another woman who knew how to wear her body. He missed her.
Percy told Phrike he hoped he would be happy and Phrike told him to stay in touch. Percy said goodbye, and ended the call. Had Phrike really assumed no one knew about the affair? For that was how it had sounded. The last to publicly acknowledge such behaviour was always the perpetrator, and the last to know for certain always the poor bastard being cheated on. No doubt Sal's workplace knew about Ethan from the start.
As he made his way up the concrete steps to the pedestrian level, Percy realised that Meera and Phrike would make a very good couple, at least for a few years. He wondered vaguely about the now-estranged wife. Perhaps she was nice. Perhaps, underneath it all, Phrike was a bastard like Ethan. Truth was, Percy didn't care. Life seemed bent on new direction, and whether that direction was a welcome one or not wasn't likely to be a determining factor.
After a last look at the huge, blue swimming pool, Percy left his beautifully tended, marble finished complex forever. He said goodbye as he passed the guardhouse and headed for the bus stop. He knew his nemesis, the Indian Singaporean spoilsport, would be watching him walk away, so Percy lifted his case and shouted back:
'Thank you! I'll look after it for you!'
Percy had taken nothing, of course. He did not need a souvenir in his life; another trinket to be left behind the next time he moved because he did not know what to do with it.
*
The Botanic Gardens café was a fitting place to meet Joyann. It was here Percy found solace when still feeling out of place in the early days, and it was here he had first spoken to Norm after only just having met Joyann herself. It was here all of Singapore life converged in a great fusion of activity. It was here the first real game of chase-the-prophet began.
Percy sipped watermelon juice, his bag tucked beside the table. No one recognised him anymore, his fall from grace erasing his features as easily as it had his divinity. As he watched people stroll by, he half expected to be swamped by followers. No one spoke to him.
'I heard from Meera,' Joyann said, leaning back in her chair and sipping thawed ice from her finished juice. 'I cannot pretend to be happy with it.'
'Difficult.' Percy agreed.
'No, Percy, not difficult. It is hard to be sympathetic. A marriage is a marriage. If it is not right, then leave it before you decide to be with someone else.'
Percy smiled a little. 'A rather naïve view, I think. Although not without merit.'
Around their feet, mynah birds scrambled for crumbs. Percy jerked a foot to make them scatter, but they nonchalantly sidestepped and continued to scavenge.
'It does not feel as if you have been in Singapore for very long, Percy. I cannot believe it is two years already.'
'Tell me about it.'
'What time is your flight?'
'Not until tonight.'
'We could spend the day together. Have dinner. What do you think?'
'I think that would be fine,' Percy agreed, 'a fitting end.' 
With the last of his drink gone, Percy asked Joyann if she would like another. She said she would, and Percy bought them each a coffee. Why had he done this, he wondered? It was always coffee then juice, yet today he'd drunk juice first. Standing in the queue, he'd considered where they might visit later, before eating, but by the time he was back at the table he'd realised he was dreading the day ahead. A morbid longing for it all to be over had begun to choke him, desire for the inevitable moment of leaving to be safely in the past. If he could skip the next twelve hours of his life, he would.
'You okay?' asked Joyann, perceptively.
'Yep. Bit hot, that's all. Here you are,' he said, sitting down, 'one skinny cappuccino for you, one full fat for me because I'm a pig.'
'Have you seen Norman?'
Percy shook his head.
'He was so fond of you. You should say goodbye to him.'
Percy shrugged. Norm had of course tried very hard to contact Percy in his hour of need, plainly aware of the crushing effects of his fall. Percy deleted every message that came and declined every phone call. Norm, it appeared, had given up.
'I guess you never really know someone, do you.' Percy said.
'Who do you mean? Norman?'
'Yes.' But Percy was not thinking of Norm. Rather, his mind had gone back to Sal. He thought he'd seen a degree of regret in her eyes when she'd given him the plane ticket.
'I think you knew him very well.'
'Maybe. Maybe I will call him tomorrow, when I've gone. I'd rather have an uncomplicated day. Goodbyes are never easy, are they?'
'You will not call, Percy. We both know that. Have you spoken with Meera?'
'No. I'll send her a message from the airport.'
'And Sal? Have you spoken with Sal?'
Percy sipped his coffee thoughtfully. 'I suspect she will be in touch some time later today, once the landlord's agent has been to the house. But who knows, eh?'
In the silence that followed, Joyann began to fidget, as if something were bothering her, body language inviting Percy to enquire as to what that something was. He ignored it, assuming she wanted to talk about feelings or some other unwelcome topic. 
Eventually she spoke up, 'I wonder if you have talked with Sal recently, because Ethan told me some news that you may find interesting.'
'Ethan? The divorce?' 
'No. That is over.'
'You kept the house?'
'Yes. It was mine anyway, Percy. I grew up there. At least, I grew up in a house that stood there before. We replaced the building a few years ago. I wish we had not. I had such a happy childhood there. My friends and I would run around in the street, pop into one another's houses and watch aunties make delicious treats, hoping to be given one. In the evenings, I would sit and listen to my grandmother's stories as she played Mahjong with her friends. And of course, there was her Discussion Group. It was a good time, Percy, when Singapore was new and my father and mother were excited about the future. I cannot imagine life anywhere else.'
Percy nodded slowly as she talked. He knew he appeared to be feigning interest, but couldn't find greater enthusiasm.
'Idyllic, Percy. Sometimes, I long to be back there in the past.'
'No point looking back, Joyann.'
'I suppose not.' She took a breath, 'Percy, I want to tell you something, about Sal. Perhaps you know, but I think you do not. She is pregnant. This is why Ethan has lost interest in spending time with Lucas, I think.'
Percy was stunned. Would nothing stay the same for more than five minutes? Sal pregnant? He smiled forcibly. 'That is truly hilarious!' He didn't laugh. 'Must have been quite a shock to discover her flat belly will soon be round. She'll look like one of those brown stringy salami sausages with a ball of shit stuck on it.'
'Actually, I… I believe it was planned.'
Instantly, Percy's blood felt like it was congealing in his veins, a thick hot stringy clotting antipathy. 'I don't believe it!' 
'It is true.'
'It can't be. You can't be sure. She hates kids.'
'She is pregnant.'
'But surely a mistake, an accident? And she's too old, isn't she? Don't you have to be twenty or thirty? She's over forty. I think.' Something at the back of Percy's throat caught, and he knew it sounded like the beginning of tears.
'I am so sorry, Percy, truly. But it must have been planned. Ethan's sperm needs… assistance… to enter an egg. They must have been to the clinic, as Ethan and I did, ourselves.'
Percy paled, 'Then it's someone else's baby and she's lying, because she hates kids and would never bother with all that.'
'Perhaps,' Joyann placated, 'but unlikely.'
'Shit. What a cow!'
'Why? You wanted children?'
'No!'
'Never? You seem very hurt by it for a man who doesn't want any himself. You never think of it?'
 Percy did think of it, but only reflecting upon the lucky escape he'd had thanks to Norm's great desire to be a father. Lately, though, since the collapse of Following, he had been forced to recognise that his resolve occasionally wobbled. But he also hated that doubt, almost as much as he hated idea of fatherhood. It was a circle of hate. 'Who else knows?'
'Most people, I think. Even Trudy. She spoke with Norman recently. She thinks the baby will be very fashionable. Eurasian is a popular look, she said.'
'What does she mean by that?'
'She is certainly a little shallow. She is still in Bali, did you know?'
'God knows how. She in prison?'
'I really do not know how she is able to stay for so long.'
'Well, let's hope she doesn't come back. One less brain-dead piece of plastic to litter the pavements here.'
'There is no litter.'
'Okay! If allowed to litter pavements, she is one less piece of plastic.'
'I am sorry to have spoiled your mood, Percy.'
'Do you think that when people like Trudy and Sal die they end up being recycled?'
Joyann reached out, fingertips touching his wrist. 'I thought you should know about the baby before you left, in case you wanted to see Sal and talk.'
'I still can't believe it. Do you think it will pop out pre-wrapped in plastic? And what's it going to drink, silicon? And what about getting married? Don't you have to be married to have a baby anymore?'
'Percy! You know they plan to marry. This is why we are both divorced. It is hard to accept, I know. And I know that occasionally I may have implied Sal was a bad person, but people cannot help what they feel. You know this, Percy, better than anyone. I do not want to hurt you, but whether we like it or not, Ethan and Sal are in love, and will soon begin their own family.'
The words smacked him in the mouth, and nothing more on the subject of babies or plastic or Sal could be said. Percy looked at Joyann; her smooth skin and glowing colour, her brown eyes that seemed to sparkle with life, despite all that had happened.
32. A LIFE LESS SHITTY
Joyann looked taken aback. Her face, always open and kind, beamed more sweetly than ever, almond eyes smiling. 'I am flattered Percy, so flattered, but as I told you, I cannot imagine living anywhere else. I love Singapore.'
'I don't know why I said it.' Percy had rashly asked if she would come with him, a mad moment where he thought he might take one of the best parts of Singapore life with him. The words were out before he could stop them.
'Nor do I. But thank you.'
'I might not go for a meal. Or have that day out we talked about.'
Joyann smiled knowingly. 'You want to be on your way?'
'Yes. I'm sorry. I think I need to feel like things are moving.'
'Then we shall say goodbye here.'
'You don't mind?'
'Not at all. If it makes you feel any better, I was meant to be going out later, anyway. With a friend.'
'Friend?'
'My business partner. We are going to the theatre. I would have cancelled for you, of course. He knew that I might.' Joyann reached into her bag, 'Which reminds me. I think you should take these,' she pulled out Hester's programme and play. 'Certainly, the book was a gift to you, but I think the programme might also be meant for you, in a way.'
Percy sighed. He did not want either. His bag was packed to capacity and he had no intention of going to the trouble of trying to make something fit that he did not even want. 'You keep them.'
'I do not want them.'
'Then throw them away.'
'I cannot do that either.'
Percy took both, and placed them on the table. 'We'll leave them here. Someone else can decide what to do with them.'
'Very well, if that is what you want. Now I shall always be reminded not only of you each time I come here, but I shall be forced to look at this table and remember Hester's abandoned belongings as well.'
Percy laughed. He would miss Joyann. 'We could have one more drink, before I leave?'
'No. You must go to the airport and have a drink on your own. This is the man you are.' She patted his cheek with her fingers. 'Make sure you come back some time, yes?'
*
Saying goodbye to Joyann had been more awkward than expected. Unlike other friends, she did not ask for his new address, or tell him to stay in touch, saying only that he should come back. Did she mean it? Or was it one of those we must have a beer some time statements, that do nothing other than affirm a lazy acquaintanceship. He did not know if it was cultural or just her, but the ambiguity of the parting threw him. Out of courtesy to a sensitive dear friend, he was all set to pay lip service to the workability of a long-distance friendship, so it should have been the perfect parting for a man like him. But without something to fend off it was nothing short of depressing.
The Tired Turtle was just opening, tempting in the early lunchtime crowd, but it was The Bean that required his next farewell. Since the fight, Percy had not felt quite the same about the little bar, even though he still frequented it. Something about the way the waitresses treated him, welcome yet not welcome, did nothing for him. With the clear exception of prompt service, what Percy liked best when he was drinking was to be allowed to enjoy his drink in peace.
But before The Bean, he'd stopped to eat at one of the cluster of hawker centres nestled amongst nearby shops. He'd chosen the smallest, situated alongside Joyann's hardware store. Lunch at the airport would be expensive, certainly not the few dollars Hainanese chicken rice cost here. Though the meal was not the best Percy had eaten, braised greens too salty, both chicken and rice too bland, he was pleased to have done it.
It was this last taste of Singapore's most fundamental cuisine, taken in a most traditional setting, that caused him to reflect once more upon the fact that he did not want to leave. If, deep down, he had wanted to go, he would be acting differently, he knew. He was very aware of his own reactions to places he hated, because he'd been to many and annoyed Sal every time. Always, when the moment came to go home, he would flee unashamedly, ecstatic to be leaving behind unwelcome culture, boring food and unpleasant smells. This was different. He wanted to flee, certainly, but only to escape a day of sadness. And instead of hurrying on his way and heading for the airport, as Joyann believed, he was instead continuing to drift around in a state of despondency.
The inadequacies of the chicken rice hadn't been helped by the presence of another Singaporean tradition. Around him, sitting in the heavy air, was the pungent stink of durian. The fruit's deep scent of rotting-melon-mixed-with-raw-onion-and-armpits had already descended on the area before he'd sat down, but Percy had hoped to ignore it. He couldn't. He loathed it. Sal claimed to love it, of course; she would. The smell was coming from a stall set up specifically for the season, a temple to the pongy fruit's many followers. 
Having abandoned half his meal, Percy finally crossed the road. The sky was thick with pale grey cloud, the air trapped beneath it dense. As he negotiated the traffic, he heard an Asian koel calling, the first time he had noticed the bird's presence in over a year. Perhaps it had been away and come back. Perhaps it was a different one. He thought of Joyann. Would he think of her always, now, when he noticed birds? 
Entering The Bean and planning on buying another cappuccino plus an expensive slice of gluten-free cake, to make up for the cheap but rather poor lunch, Percy watched the people around him as he queued. In the whole time he had lived in Singapore nothing had changed. Miserable looking mums still struggled in with vile pink-faced toddlers, overdressed middle-aged expats gossiped above wrinkled brown cleavages, students studied, businessmen talked, electronic devices operated the people that held them.
Today, all were here. It seemed to Percy that virtually every nationality commonly found in Singapore in every walk of life had come to see him off. Even a bored maid bounced a baby on her knee, while her employer drank iced tea and talked on her phone. It was the busiest he had seen it, but nevertheless he found a space outside, a single chair tucked in a corner. It was almost as if it had been saved for him. This would be his last coffee in Singapore. At the airport he would move onto wine.
'You are going?' said a voice, as he sat down with his case.
Percy turned. It was not the right time of day, but by some twist of fate the Indian woman with orangey-brown skin and hair, tattoos and piercings, was sitting right next to him.
'You have that look,' she continued, 'not that of a man going on a holiday, but of a man leaving. Your face betrays you. It is saying that you no longer fit.'
'I never did fit. I never do. Thankfully.'
'Again, your face betrays you. And so do your actions. Did you not start your discussion group because you wanted to meet people like yourself? So you would fit?'
Percy was surprised, 'You know about the group?'
'I watched you start it.'
'You did?'
'Yes. You never asked me to join. Even though you saw me every day.'
'You probably looked too cheerful,' he said. 'Would you have joined?'
'No.'
'I see. You seem to know a lot about me. How about you? Why do you come here every day?'
She drew a slow breath. 'To sit and think and watch, the same as you, Percy Field; although I am not the great Prophet of Following.'
He grimaced, 'Ah. You know about that, too?'
She laughed, lightly. 'How could I not? I see you here day after day and then I see your image all over Singapore!' She hesitated, and gave him a long look, 'So, Percy Field, where do you go from here?'
'Changi. The airport, that is.'
'Not what I meant. I have watched you for a very long time. First, you did not want to be here, and now you do not want to leave. It is common enough amongst people like you.'
'People like me?' Percy was offended. He hated being lumped in with others, whoever they were.
'Yes. So privileged that you can choose your own destiny. Half the world has no choice in it at all.'
'You must be privileged, too. To be here so much and not at work.'
She laughed again, and still with a gentle touch. 'I work every day from eleven until ten. Apart from Sundays, and today of course.'
'Long day, eleven hours.'
'Not really. I like my job.'
'I see.' Percy looked at the time. It was a long while before he could check in, but the anonymity offered by the airport was inviting. The conviviality of The Bean was over. 'I have to go. It was nice finally talking with you.' He gulped the last of his too-cool drink and left most of his crumbly cake. The desire to get away was urgent and strong.
'Such a rush. Good luck, Percy Field. I hope the skew of your morality will straighten again. You might ask yourself if finding empathy was worth the sacrifice.'
'Sacrifice?'
'Of losing that strange honesty.'
Percy felt himself cringing. Was this a lecture?  Wasn't she a stranger? Standing up, he lifted his case across onto the path. He hoped to God he could find a taxi easily. The prospect of seeing this woman again in passing on the pavement, after already saying goodbye, made him cringe further. Such circumstances challenged social aptitude, which had never been his strong point. If the situation did occur, he would probably choose to ignore her, he assured himself.
'A hard sort of enlightenment,' she said as he walked away.
As luck would have it a taxi was dropping off nearby. Percy raced over and jumped in, hauling his bag onto his lap. He closed the door, shutting out everything that had become so familiar. The air inside was cool. The taxi did not move away, nor did the driver speak until Percy raised his eyes to meet those staring at him from the rear-view mirror.
'No shitting, uh?'
How was it, Percy wondered, that he kept ending up with this guy, when across the island thousands of taxis were driving around with their green lights on? 'No shitting,' he agreed, muttering to himself that he'd only done it once.
'Okay. Where you go?'
'Changi, Changi Airport.'
'Mmm. This time you go to Changi! Last time zoo, and then bird park, then… Ah! Where was it last time?' The car pulled away and swung around to join the opposite side of the road. 'You Australian? American? What are you, huh?'
'English.'
'Terminal three, yes? You go home? You look like a man going home. Got your passport, your card?'
'Yes.'
'You sure, huh?'
'Yes!' Percy repeated.
The driver shook his head, 'Cannot keep card. You have to hand in permit when you leave. No souvenir allowed.'
Percy shrugged. It hadn't even occurred to him to keep it. He tucked Hester's programme and play into a seat pocket. A waiter had chased after him with them, saying he had forgotten something. The bequest could travel Singapore for the day, and find a new home.
'So you go home? Terminal Three? Go to Heathrow?' The driver was determined to display his wide knowledge of terminals and destinations.
'No. Budget Terminal, please.'
'No. Terminal Three for Heathrow. Budget for Asia, and closed.'
'Closed?' Percy gasped.
'Yes. All change. Long time ago.'
'Then drop me anywhere at the airport. I'll work it out.'
'Terminal Three?'
'If you insist. It connects to the others?'
'Yes. And to Heathrow.'
'I am not going to Heathrow.'
'Mmm. Holiday huh? Then after you go home.'
Percy refused to respond. He looked out of the window as the car sped along. The blanket grey of the sky allowed for little shadow on the ground. Everything looked still. Even the pale cattle egrets, picking through the grassy verges as they stalked baby toads and other tasty morsels, appeared hardly to move. 
'What you do here?' questioned the driver, mirrored eyes repeatedly flicking between Percy and the road ahead. 'Apart from grow fat and hairy?'
Percy continued to ignore him.
Soon they were on the expressway and hurtling towards the airport, travelling at great speed but less than two metres from the car in front. Percy didn't care. After all that he had been through, he felt surprisingly chipper. Free of the duty of friendship and without a wife he felt utterly betrayed by, he could sense a rosy future. 
'You very quiet man when you not shitting in my taxi, huh?' The driver chuckled. 'So what your job? What you do you in Singapore?' 
'I did nothing here at all,' Percy said, 'absolutely nothing.'
The driver laughed again, and shook his head approvingly. 'You lucky, lucky man. Very lucky man. What you do in England?'
Percy sank back into the seat. He should have remembered that he had as much chance of avoiding conversation with this man as he did of becoming prophet again. 'I made boats.'
'Oh. Ship yard? I have seen them. Big and dirty.'
'No. Small. I work with wood.'
'What you mean, work with wood? Work with wood? What like carpenter? Like Jesus?' 
Percy smiled. 'Traditional boat building. Not much call for it now. None here.'
'Good job,' the driver said, even more approvingly. 'Real work. You get work somewhere else with that. Maybe Malaysia, maybe Thailand. You been to Vietnam?'
Percy rested his head on the back of the seat and shut his eyes with the satisfied smile of a man going somewhere.

About the author

Life has so many possible outcomes. From the simple question what if? a thousand stories can evolve. This is how novelist, Barbara Jaques, finds inspiration, through questions of coincidence, uncertainty, superstition and faith.
Born in a tiny town in Alberta to wandering parents before their return to Bristol, Barbara has also wandered a little, although is now settled in Wiltshire with her family, close to her childhood home.
Barbara is also the author of:
The Cult of Following (Novel) 
Love of Grace & Angels (Novel)
Percy's Progress: The Cult of Following. Book 1 (Novel)
Percy's Progress: The Cult of Following. Book 2 (Novel)
Nathaniel’s Waiting Room (Novel) 
The Front Door (Short Story)
Baggy (Short Story)
Sterling Close (Short Story)
Anita Smith (Short Story)
Waste of Space (Short Story)
The Ring (Short Story)
West of Eden (Short Story)
Party Bus (Short Story)
If you want to receive an automatic email when Barbara’s next book is released, sign up  at www.barbarajaques.co.uk. You will only be contacted when a new book is released, your email address will never be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.
If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review at the bookstore you bought this book from. You don’t have to write much, even a line or two would be a massive help.
SPECIAL THANKS
Alex, for all of it 
Useful links:
Barbara’s website: www.barbarajaques.co.uk
Barbara’s Facebook page: http://tinyurl.com/jmovllr
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/barbarajaques

Editor: Moz-Walls61@outlook.com
Cover: www.thedesigncooperative.com.au
Formatting: www.elizabethfreemanweb.com
Published by Barbara Jaques at Smashwords
