






The
Porridge
King

Book Two


By
R. D. Winfrey

Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2010 R.D. Winfrey

****




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Taking it with you to a massage parlor is strictly forbidden. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. It’s like a psychotic ex-lover or a penniless in-law — no matter what you do, it’ll just keep showing up at your door. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. They will loathe you for your generosity. Highly flammable. Use with care. Keep this file away from possible ignition sources such as high-voltage power lines and statically-charged cats.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
We’re all trying to find him a nice home or a rather large tool shed to sleep in.
Enjoy! And thanks for all the support!
 
You have our sincerest apologies.

****




A Note From The Little Toad Responsible For All This Malarkey:

This is the second part of the book entitled: ‘The Porridge King.’ It is not a sequel or a prequel or a spin-off. This book starts at chapter eleven and doesn’t look back to see who might be gaining on it. There is no recap for the uninitiated. So, be advised: you’re on your own from here on out, chippy. I would certainly recommend that you read the first book of the same name so as to become familiar with the story. Failure to do so would be somewhat tragic and awfully silly ― kind of like swimming halfway across the Atlantic only to jump on a boat to finish the trip. This is a very long book in its entirety and I split it into two parts to keep from scaring the living daylights out of casual readers, possible publishers, and illiterate hillbillies (who might confuse it for a Bible). 

Thank you.

****



Chapter Eleven: So the Story Mows…Lawnward and Lawnward


The Mea Culpa River starts at the base of the Pyrenees Mountains and is fed by the spring rains, run-off from the winter snows, and five fairly large mountain streams. At the start of the river is the town of Huckabuck, which is a trading hub for the entire region. From there, the Mea Culpa slowly winds through the eastern range of the Pyrenees and continues on to the Karaka Mountains. The terrain around the river is very difficult to transverse, but was made much easier after the Romans constructed a major road through the area, which greatly increased trade but also the threat of invasion.
The Mea Culpa then turns southeast and continues on that course until it comes up to the base of Valdorlok Mountain, where it makes a sweeping turn northeast around the foothills, before turning back to the southeast and past Valdorlok proper. Once past the Valdorlok Range, it gently travels through what has come to be called ‘The Mea Culpa Valley.’ Included in this region are the cities of Fouldune, Carbuckle, and Rottweillor, as well as the smaller hamlet of Timbrook. To the northeast and further away from the river is the city of Walder. Further north, past the Allegorian Mountain Range, is the land known as Allegoria; inside its confines are the cities of Poutsland, Dripplesburg, and Pooch.
Once past Carbuckle, the Mea Culpa makes another slow turn and begins to drive a winding course southward, through the Ashen Mountains and onward to the southern providences, also called the ‘Nether Regions’ which include the cities of Taylee, and Bartok.
For several centuries the valley was almost totally deserted, as passage into it was greatly hampered by the numerous geological and natural barriers that surrounded it. The barriers on the western side are the Pyrenees and Karaka ranges, which only allowed significant traffic through the area by way of the river. The northern area is enclosed by the southern arm of the dense Black Forest, as well as by the Allegorian Mountains. The northeast is not only heavily forested as well, but also contains an assortment of impenetrable methane-rich bogs and marshlands, which abruptly end at the Walder Plateau ― a line of high cliffs that rise out of the marshlands and make passage into the valley by this route nearly impossible.
To the east and southeast are the Ashen Mountain ranges, which form an unbroken line from the eastern tip of the area all the way to Valdorlok, and are passable only by way of the winding Mea Culpa.

For a thorough history of the place, we now blatantly plagiarize the writings of Pliny the Elder’s half-witted descendant, Pliny the Dimmer, who wrote an extensive history of the region after getting lost there in a large-scale dance competition.
We don’t mind replicating his work word-for-word because the copyright expired ages ago, and since he’s been dead for almost 900 years, the odds of him suing us are relatively low:

“There is an old story told about the region known as the Mea Culpa Valley that tries to explain why the residents in this one particular area of Europe seem a bit, well, different from most other regions. By different, I don’t mean that their noses are a tad bigger or smaller than other peoples’, or that their breath is any more or less vile, or that they have better or worse table manners. The truth of the matter is that the people of this region seem somewhat stranger than most Europeans, and that of course, is saying quite a lot.
The story goes that once upon a time, several townspeople at a local settlement not far from the valley grew particularly tired of a certain village idiot’s antics. Oh, sure, at first they loved it when he suddenly screamed ‘Rectum!’ or ‘I have little, red, monkey balls!’ for no apparent reason, or when he went about the town wearing soiled pants or exhibiting outrageous amounts of mucous dripping off of his chin. His behavior often made the townspeople feel better about themselves, in a sad sort of way, but after a few years of this type of silly conduct, his idiocies grew a bit thin. 
After trying to teach him new things to utter like: ‘Hullo, freakshow!’ and ‘I like big butts and I cannot lie!’ proved unsuccessful, and when the ‘big booger’ costume turned out to be far less humorous than what was originally conceived, they decided to get rid of the nuisance altogether.
Being fine citizens and not prone to stoning such a poor creature to death, unlike others on this planet, they decided instead to blindfold him, take him down the Mea Culpa River, and drop him off in the vicinity of what would later become the city of Carbuckle. After throwing a few bags of food at him, they commanded him to count to ‘608,425’. They then paddled their small raft away as fast as they could.
This feat turned out quite favorable in the eyes of the townspeople, for they could not only sleep peacefully at night, but also no longer had to worry about the idiot suddenly screaming something quite odd in the middle of a quiet funeral procession, or while waiting in a crowded doctor’s office. In fact, the deed was such a success that they soon decided to send other dim-witted family members to the area as well. Soon, villages from around the region began to do the same, and promptly began shipping-off every type of slow-witted cousin or knuckle-headed in-law, as well as various brainless criminals, and more than a few lawyers and politicians as well.
The valley soon became populated with all of the area’s undesirables and assorted outcasts ― usually too simpleminded to figure out how to swim, or climb a mountain, or even the relatively brainless task of walking through a deep forest. Eventually, these intolerably dense melon-heads made the valley into their new home. 
Occasionally, two of these relocated lamebrains would bump into each other, and finding the experience somewhat pleasurable, would continue to bump each other, until one of them was either knocked out, or knocked up. 
Over the next few hundred years, the population grew and grew, if not in intelligence, than at least in number. Small collections of these brainiacs ― often called ‘towns’ or ‘sewing circles’ ― began to pop up throughout the region and could easily be found by simply following the trail of stench and blood-stained thimbles. Small huts and stone igloos were soon built, as well as outhouses, lean-to’s, sheds, and even much larger structures that were made mainly out of heaping helpings of mashed potatoes and discarded footwear.
The first known leader of the region, whose name was later found etched upon a rock, was ‘Felix Hung: Lord of the Mammals’. Not much is known about him though, perhaps he was a naturalist, or a great hunter, or maybe just a man with a donkey fetish. It would appear however that he did help to construct the first city in the region, ‘Carbon-D29’ which originally sat near the area that later would become the city of Carbuckle. It was probably just a few huts and a semi-professional softball team, but it did flourish, and the pea-brained population eventually learned how to farm, and raise cattle, and distill liquor — all quite by accident, I’m sure.
It also seems that the people of this time worshipped some type of damaged wooden crate, or possibly the bits and pieces of an old chicken coop, as their god of choice. They called it ‘Harry,’ and sacrificed their sloughed flakes of skin and body hair to its benevolent glory. On Tuesdays — which they evidently considered to be a Sabbath day— they threw eggs at Harry ― a ritual many scholars believe signified ‘the eternal circle of life’, or just a horrible waste of perfectly good poultry products.
The entire area, over the next few centuries continued to prosper and develop. The population continued to multiply as well, not by an astounding rate, for human sexuality can be a very complex process, especially when compared to picking berries or wiping your rear end with a maple leaf, but at least a few of the residents appeared to have figured out the basic principles of procreation, and probably quickly realized that it had very little to do with the pancreas. The outside world, for the most part, left the area alone, and the residents happily practiced their new recreational pastime whenever they were not humping each other’s legs or attempting to set themselves on fire.
King Chilly, The Somewhat Brave, first united the entire region and built a large stronghold at Carbuckle, which at that time was still called Carbon-D29. He ruled with an iron hand, and a wooden hook in the other. 
His laws were the first prescribed across the region and were focused primarily on making sure he had plenty of women to sleep with. For instance, stealing another’s person’s property was considered okay, as long as you promptly sent a few sketches of your wife, in various stages of undress, with a forwarding address, to his castle.  
Sometime about the first century A.D., a nearby village rebelled against King Chilly the Somewhat Brave’s reign. Severe economic plight and outrageous taxes were most certainly the root causes of this rebellion, but were undoubtedly compounded by the fact that the surrounding areas were quickly running out of available women. The seditious villagers were soon victorious and promptly established the independent city-state of Valdorlok, and constructed a small wooden-plank bridge to the other side of the Mea Culpa, where they built a huge shrine to their god, ‘Gerald the Hedgehog, Lord of the Wiggly Nose.’ 
Other settlements in the area soon joined the independence craze and formed their own collective alliances. To the north was Poutsland ― named after Hasius Pout, a local cobbler and part-time boil lancer ― the residents of which, chose to worship: “Dennis the Marshmallow Cloud God: Lord of Lightning and Scalped Tickets’. 
To the east were the Walder Bullwhips, who ignored political systems and theology altogether and formed a rugby league.
A great battle ensued, and King Chilly, and his 1,437 wives, aimed to retake power in the region and squelch all of the pesky rebellions. They were sorely defeated however, when they couldn’t come to a decision on what color uniforms to wear.
The deposed king and avid lingerie collector, was forced into exile in a small tool shed near the castle, where he spent his remaining days realizing that there were quite a number of implements inside that shed, and nearly all of them, for the most part, were far sharper than he.
Representatives from the four independent entities met at Carbuckle to elect a ‘Regional Supervisor’, who’s job duties would include encouraging trade between the cities, establishing peace, and equally dolling out all of King Chilly’s 1,437 wives. 
This system stayed in place for several years, until the citizens of Valdorlok completed a very handsome stone bridge across the Mea Culpa River, and began to expand into the extensive valley to the north. They soon found that trade with the city of Huckabuck, just up river, proved to be a profitable enterprise, and before long established several lucrative catering contracts in the region.
King Evolver was the first true leader of the city, and one night, shortly after his coronation, while everyone was asleep, he replaced the great stone statue of “Gerald the Hedgehog, Lord of the Wiggly Nose,’ with a likeness of himself. The ruse proved to be quite successful, for no one could even tell the difference.
Walder, meanwhile, gave up the rugby league, finding that it is difficult to base laws on ‘scrumming’ and ‘conversion kicks’. The best player in the league however, Kyle Mugolo, four-time league MVP, was crowned king. Since he was totally ear-less, the crown immediately slid down to his neck. He kept it there, calling it ‘the royal choker’. He ruled for many years, until a knee injury forced him to the political sidelines. He did however, in the second half of his tenure, expand the boundaries of his kingdom to include the new village of Rottweillor. Unfortunately, when he tried to institute a new tax code based upon the length of a person’s tongue, he was called for a flagrant foul and quickly ejected from power. 
Carbuckle came under the rule of several warlords and ineffective technocrats, which fought back and forth over the region between Rottweillor and Valdorlok. While Poutsland, a bit separated from all of this turmoil by the rugged Allegorian Mountain range, elected a well-trained horse as its ‘Chief Hay-Eater in Charge’ and based most of their important decisions on how many times he stomped his hoof.
Everything changed in the region when the Romans, disguised as Italian Health Inspectors, invaded the city of Valdorlok and took control of the entire area.
Soon, General Abius Schmabius, had constructed huge walls and gates to protect the city, and prepared great armies for the march through the valley. A road was built, connecting a landline to the city of Huckabuck, which significantly increased trade, the population, and the area’s relationship with the outside world. He also made the language of the region Latin, but finding that no one could figure out the complicated verbs and pronouns, ‘dumbed’ it down to the more popular ‘Pig-Latin’. Ich-whay was okay ith-way the itizens-cay. 
A few months later, the Romans sacked Fouldune and Carbuckle. They later sent a legion of soldiers to Timbrook, but many came down with dysentery and the mumps during the journey, and it was soon decided that it was best to just leave well enough alone.
Years passed and the bridge between Valdorlok and the rest of the valley was greatly upgraded, as well as the road that led around Valdorlok and through the treacherous Ashen Mountains. This thoroughfare ran parallel to the Mea Culpa and was finally connected to Carbuckle by means of a massive stone bridge. Abius set up his new headquarters in that city, and soon began construction of a large fortress to guard both the river and the bridge. 
For many years the area was totally dominated by Roman rule and laws, but after bringing years of peace and cheap wine into the area, the restless Romans finally decided that they had suffered long enough. Abius’ bastard son, Pox Romanius, promptly began construction of a road that ran southward, which would allow easy access ― and a quick escape route ― for his troops into the Southern Mea Culpa Valley, and the rich cities of Taylee and Bartok.
Pox left behind a Regional Governor by the name of Darius Malarius to rule over the area, and to protect the supply lines of his army and road workers. He also left implicit instructions that the new ruler was to initiate innovative laws that would prohibit such ancient regional traditions as ‘circumcision by fruit bat’ and ‘Sabbath Day bulimia festivals’. 
By the year 490 A.D., the Romans had either retreated back to Italy or to the nearest bathhouse, and political turmoil and strife rose once again. In Valdorlok, the citizens instituted a policy that elected the tallest man in the kingdom to rule over them, but after the eleven foot high, Mingus Ahlibra fell over during his coronation and was discovered to not truly be one very tall man, but actually three rather short men sitting on each other’s shoulders underneath a very long trench-coat, the people drew straws and crowned Lucy Squalor as their new queen. She celebrated the promotion by forcing her subjects to suck upon her toes while they hummed ‘The William Tell Overture’. 
Various wars, peasant uprisings, and steel-cage-death-matches soon swept across the region. Numerous warlords and soccer punks fought with each other for total control. This would continue for centuries, until Hooska Jools, a former muscle man for the ‘Union of Cow Milkers Local 491’ united the cities of Poutsland and Dripplesburg. 
Before long, the entire northern region came under his control, for he was a wise man and knew how to cook a mean tuna casserole, which he often used to bribe the citizens into despising him. The entire northern areas, long separated by the Allegorian Mountains, were called, after a week or so of uninspired deliberations: ‘Allegoria’. Hooska used his powers to establish a communal system of government that awarded various social and economic privileges based solely upon the number of moles a person had upon their body.
However, like a fat man that has just eaten a very large pizza, there were loud rumblings emanating from the lower regions. A new ruler had taken control of the lands to the southeast, near the headwaters of the Mea Culpa, and his name was Vas Deferen. 
He was large, muscular, and thick skinned, and that was just his head. The rest of him followed much the same pattern, except for his ankles, which were very tiny, and seemed rather out of place on a man of his audacity and pot-bellied girth. He quickly made his way up the Mea Culpa River after conquering the cities of Tumoria and Huckabuck in quick order. 
Straight up the Roman road, his amazingly vast and almost totally bald army marched, carrying with them many assorted garden tools, which they openly brandished and often licked into razor sharpness.
A large-scale siege of Valdorlok took place and lasted for several weeks, until Vas Deferen finally found the key to the city’s gate, which he had mindlessly left on his nightstand ― right next to his wallet ― in his villa outside Huckabuck. The key was a gift by the Lord Hubbahebba of Valdorlok and was presented to Vas Deferen several months before, during a ribbon-cutting ceremony for one of Vas Deferen’s chain of male-grooming salons, called ‘Vas Cuts.’
The mighty gate to Valdorlok was finally opened, and Lord Hubbahebba, a local despot and admitted aloe addict, cursed his own public relations abilities and progressive policies toward small business owners. He promptly mailed a large letter to Vas Deferen, which humbly asked if he could have the key back. Vas Deferen, who had a very well-trimmed beard around his jaw line and several runes carved into the nape of his neck, graciously declined, and after a large tug-of-war with the local militia ― which Deferen’s army won quite handily (Ha!), he crowned himself ‘King of Valdorlok and Lord of the Flat-Top with Pork Chop Sideburns Combo-Package.’
Seeing that the entire Mea Culpa valley now lay before him, for the inhabitants were all fast asleep after a prolonged ‘Summer Solstice Celebration’, Vas Deferen quickly marched his army ― now sporting fancy Mohawks ― across Valdorlok Bridge and soon took over the lands up to the city of Carbuckle. He began diplomatic talks with the King of Carbuckle, whose name was Fortuitus Gamete, by way of two large tin cans connected with an extensive line of string.
After promising King Gamete that he would provide him with a lifetime supply of easily molested sheep ― which had been expertly trained into becoming compliant little beasts by missionaries in the dark hills of Alabamia ― the King of Carbuckle loudly declared surrender with a long, drawn-out ‘Baaaa….’
King Vas Deferen, who now referred to himself as ‘The Great’, because he liked the way it looked on the recruitment posters, soon conquered the cities of Rottweillor and Walder, and set his beady little orbs on the northern valley of Allegoria.
His great army, swollen by the influx of new recruits and numerous hair-stylists from Milan, crossed the treacherous Allegorian Pass with expertly trimmed ‘shag’ and ‘mullet’ haircuts, and looked like an exceptionally large hair-metal band. The people of Poutsland, seeing the great horde of hairspray-drenched warriors marching towards them, gave up without a fight, in fear that the monstrous army would at any second, start playing a ‘Motley Crüe’ song.
The Lord of Allegoria, Hooska Jools, was quite angry at this, and after coloring his army’s hair in several different colors and using large amounts of hair gel, horse glue, and marmoset spinal fluid to spike their follicles up nice and high, he sent his punk rock wanna-be’s toward Poutsland to retake his lands, and to make the world safe again for the comb-over.
A great battle ensued on the finely cared for, lush courses of the ‘Strawberry Ridge Country Club’, which made the recently contracted landscaping company of ‘Jason and the Grass-o-nauts’ extremely displeased, and they soon joined the fray as well, wielding many large hedge-clippers and edge-trimmers into battle. They were sorely beaten back however, when their manual push-mowers proved to be ineffective against the well-armored feet of Vas Deferen’s infantry.
After outflanking Lord Hooska’s Shetland Pony Cavalry and quickly making mince-meat out of his pie-throwing ‘31st Banana Cream Corp’, Vas Deferen the Great then unleashed his infamous regiment of bloodthirsty, armored chimps, which rode into battle on the backs of jackals and were heavily equipped with bronze-plated Swiss Army knives. The conflict was over within minutes and Vas Deferen the Great captured Lord Hooska Jools and assigned him a job sweeping up the floors at his newest hair salon, which had just opened in Outer Mongolia.
After conquering the entire region, the Great King took a long nap, and after forty days and forty nights ― for he was exceptionally tired ― he turned his adventurous spirit to the south and immediately packed up his great war machine and briskly marched through Carbuckle Pass and into the Ashen Mountains.
Upon word of Vas Deferen’s imminent arrival, the southern city of Taylee tried disguising itself as a large juniper bush. But, they were found out, when a general in Vas Deferen’s army attempted to eat one of the shrub’s huge berries and quickly realized that it was actually a ten-year old street urchin trapped inside a large red, rubber ball. A siege was immediately called and the great green city was quickly sacked and turned into an enormous Christmas wreath ― with many great tidings of comfort and joy.
Then, Vas Deferen the Great, always the extrovert and willing to do anything but stay at home and cook frankfurters with his girlfriend, whose name was ‘Lollapalooza’ and who also happened to be his next of kin, turned his massive army south and came upon the armies of Bartok, which were commanded by King Eddie the Bug-Eyed. The two huge armies met on the banks of Wet Lake and after a great deal of obscene finger gesturing and flashing of naughty bits one to another, a battle eventually erupted.
King Eddie’s troops fought valiantly but were done in by Vas Deferen the Great’s superior military strategy and unashamed use of armored chimpanzees, which scared the dickens out of the Bartokian defenders, for they thought the vicious little apes had invaded their lands to steal all of their tricycles and diapers.
When Vas Deferen sent his cavalry of ostrich-riding dragoons into the fray, the conflict was quickly ended. 
A great celebration took place in the large halls of Bartok Castle, as King Eddie the Bug-Eyed was deposed and exiled to the island of Elba, where he became a world-famous checker player and part-time necrophiliac.
Vas Deferen the Great ruled for a few months and had many parties commemorating the size of his ear lobes and his fondness for espresso. He built many monuments to himself, like the great statue at Taylee, which was made entirely of dried macaroni shells and wallpaper paste. It stood nearly fifty feet high and showed the great king blowing through a kazoo while caressing his left nipple. 
During one of his excursions through the capital city of Bartok, he came upon the Mausoleum of Slorsh, where a great many priests lived and worshipped; often sacrificing farm-raised sea anemones to the gods in between their normal off-track betting enterprises. It was at that time that Vas Deferen the Great found out about the amazing ‘vision stone’, which has also been called by some, ‘the dung stone’. 
It was rumored that being in close proximity to the stone allowed a person to see many visions from the past, as well as the present and the future. The great king, being extremely egotistical and overly sure of himself, proudly strutted into the temple and promptly grabbed hold of the strangely-shaped artifact. He wiggled about a few minutes like a worm on a hook, before collapsing, and subsequently elapsing, into a deep coma. He never awoke from this state of delirium again except to occasionally scream ‘Mission accomplished!’ or ‘I’m a uniter, not a divider!’ And on a couple of occasions he awoke and loudly sang: ‘Plop, plop fizz, fizz…oh what a relief it is!’ 
After a lengthy tirade about someone called Charles the Rash, the king grew silent and stared at a small glass orb ― that when shook vigorously, depicted snow falling upon the Acropolis— a tacky souvenir given to him for winning a Greek bikini-waxing competition. He ultimately whispered ‘…rosebud’ and promptly died. 
Following the demise of Vas Deferen the Great, the area again split apart. The Allegorian region was controlled by several warlords, until united under the rule of Alphius Davenport, who passed away under tragic circumstances two days after being crowned king. It appears that while celebrating his coronation, and the defeat of his many enemies, he decided ― in a rather deranged bit of reverie ― to dress himself up as a colorful piñata. Unfortunately, he was brutally beaten to death by a group of local elementary school students visiting the castle on a field trip. The worst thing about the horrible incident was that when his body finally broke in half ― no candy fell out.
Leadership over the entire region was bestowed upon the slumped shoulders of his son, who would later be called ‘King Piddy the Fair’. This pseudonym was not given to him because he deeply believed in justice and equality — because he didn’t — but was most certainly a comment upon his complexion, which ― him being an albino ― was probably quite pale.
King Piddy the Fair, however, was, if not well-liked by his subjects, at least tolerated by them, and he showed that his economic prowess was unmatched by any of the other rulers in the area.
After defeating Garish Canhunter near the town of Rottweillor, he took control of the lands from the Carbuckle Mountains all the way south to Valdorlok. Trade was very important to his administration and he immediately set up long-term alliances with not only the city of Valdorlok, but also the Cornswallow holdings to the north. Peace reigned throughout the region for nearly forty years as the alliances held firm.
Duke Heimlich, King Piddy’s brother-in-law, and infamous lounge lizard, ran the region from Rottweillor to Valdorlok, while the king himself, spending most of his time in Dripplesburg, ran the Allegorian region and kept a close eye on his many dog-racing enterprises.
He put a local power monger by the name of Templeton Vacuous in charge of the region encompassing Poutsland and Pooch by promoting him to governor. This proved to be a bad decision on King Piddy’s part, for the thrill of power went straight to Governor Vacuous’ rather empty head and he began to be an oppressor of the worst sort. He instituted a perpetual draft of all the people under his control and began to secretly build a large army.
Two years after his being awarded the governorship of the area, Templeton Vacuous crowned himself King of Allegoria, and began marching his troops toward the city of Dripplesburg ― determined to de-throne King Piddy’s reign in his own hometown and to steal his extensive commemorative plate collection.
A great battle took place in a large field with an enormous mound in its center, and because it was often used by local cattlemen for grazing, had been labeled ‘Cow-Pie Knoll’. After little more than an hour of conflict, King Vacuous’ reign was brutally ended by King Piddy’s well-trained troops. The defeated tyrant took refuge in a small fortress outside of Pooch, but his last stronghold was quickly breached. He was eventually captured and leisurely beheaded with a dull staple-puller.
The battle at Cow-Pie Knoll became famous not for the actual battle itself, but because it was the last large scale conflict that broke out in the region for many years.
Peace and prosperity ruled alongside the alliance that King Piddy the Fair, King Hector Cornswallow, and King Pavlov Delecroix had sworn to. These years of tepidity saw a great influx of agricultural and manufactured products as well as an increase in trade goods. The area began to truly prosper. Some parts better than others. Duke Heimlich was never able to fully control the thievery that seemed to surround the Fouldune area, and river traffic was always under constant threat. The Cornswallows meanwhile, spent too much of their economic surplus on building a great military, while Valdorlok, on the other hand, seemed to spend too little, and relied far too heavily on their fortified position as their sole deterrent against the repeated attempts at invasion by outsiders. 
The days of peace ended, when King Hector Cornswallow, without any warning, apparently sent his son, Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow, along with a very large army, south from Walder and sacked the city of Rottweillor, thus declaring war upon King Piddy the Fair.”




Chapter Twelve: Knee-Deep in Rubber and Dripping with Chrome


Sergeant Woolsely marched into Gravy Acklander’s office, and stoically stood in front of his desk. He clicked his heels, snapped a perfect salute and bellowed: “Sergeant Woolsely reporting as requested, sir!”
Gravy looked up from his desk with an amazed expression. The contingent of the Royal Guard in Fouldune had been very busy the last few days — patrolling the streets in full parade dress, marching with snap precision and constantly whistling the tune from ‘A Bridge on the River Kwai.’ 
When not marching or hanging up recruitment posters (a fine drawing of a Royal Guardsman on horseback with his sword drawn and the words: ‘The Royal Guard Wants Ye!’), they were working very hard on a small barracks and fort overlooking the docks of Fouldune. Even with all of this activity ― and no matter what the temperature was in the hot sun ― Sergeant Woolsely always looked impeccable. He was persistently seen in full, regulation dress, and always wore a large black beret ― perfectly tilted at a 45-degree angle across his brow. The only thing unusual about the sergeant was his enormous mustache, which looked as if a longhaired Persian cat had chosen his upper lip as a nice place to take a nap. 
Gravy slowly rose from behind his desk. Strewn about the top were maps and legal papers, but Gravy was quite illiterate, so most of it didn’t make any sense, hence the reason there was no organization. “Sgt. Woolsely, I need your men…”
“Sir?” Sgt. Woolsely interrupted, “Pardon the interruption, sir, but may I discontinue my saluting position?”
“What?” Gravy asked. Sergeant Woolsely stood still — straight and stiff as a two-by-four ― his hand still pressed tightly to his brow in salute. 
“Sir, the proper term is ‘at ease’.”
“Oh, yes, uh…at ease, sergeant,” Gravy said in an overly dramatic voice.
Sgt. Woolsely relaxed, which was really just a matter of him widening his stance a little and putting his hands behind his waist. “Yes, sir,” he replied.
“Sergeant, I need your men to go to the city of Timbrook and enforce the…uh, law…yes, the law there,” Gravy stammered. He frowned, and felt rather uncomfortable with all the formalities of being governor.
“Sir, if I may…are they rioting?”
“Well, I wouldn’t exactly call it a riot, but they did abuse one of my men and possibly kill another.”
“Sir, have they disavowed or in any way disparaged the king’s right to rule this land?”
Gravy groaned, “Well, not directly, no…”
“I’m very sorry sir, but that does not coincide with the mission statement of the Cornswallow Royal Guard and its affiliated organizations.”
“What do you mean?” Gravy asked.  He slowly walked back to his desk with a puzzled look upon his grizzly melon.
“Sir, all procedures regarding the Cornswallow Royal Guard and its affiliates, as well as its support organizations, are strictly governed by the Cornswallow Royal Guard Leadership Council and overseen by the Viceroy of Military Affairs, Commander Herbert Jefferson, sir.”
What?”
“However, sir, if I may be so bold, all guidelines are prescribed within the ‘Trusty Handbook of the Cornswallow Royal Guard: Proper Procedures and Conduct.’ Sergeant Woolsely then pulled a small, red bound book from his inner vest pocket and held it out for the Governor to see. Gravy, if he could have read, would have noticed that on its cover, in gold lettering were the words:

‘The Trusty Handbook
of the Cornswallow Royal Guard:
Proper Procedures and Conduct.’

And in a slightly smaller font:

‘Including Several
Motivational Hymns,
Maps, Mission Statement,
and Command Structure Flowcharts.’

It was a few hundred pages, and Sergeant Woolsely had it entirely committed to memory. 
“Sir, section 12, paragraph 2, firmly states: ‘the Royal Guard is not to be used against sovereign entities unless: a) a group or groups of people proclaim their allegiance to another king, leader or other(s); (b) that a group or groups of citizens declare, by action, petition or by assembly, that they do plan, or are planning, an armed insurrection, or other activities of a rebellious nature…”
Gravy stared at the Sergeant in total disbelief. He interrupted the man’s memorization skills by saying, “So, you can’t go into Timbrook, under my orders?”
Sgt. Woolsely, a bit perturbed at the interruption, simply stated, “No.” He paused briefly before adding, “The Cornswallow Royal Guard only answers to: a) the Viceroy of Military Affairs, (b) The King or authorized representatives of the Royal Court, i.e. the Crown Prince, the Duke of Homeland Security, or the…”
“So, I can’t tell you to take care of those people in Timbrook? Even though I’m the governor of this region?”
Sgt. Woolsely sighed, having been interrupted twice now. He stiffened his chin and barked: “Only with expressed written consent of the Viceroy of Military Affairs, or by an authorized representative of the King.”
“Okay, how do I do that?”
“Sir, Section 14, paragraph 3, states that you must, and I quote: ‘fill out ‘Military Allocation and Vested Powers Act #24: Surrogate Military Authorization Form’.”
“What?”
The Sergeant leaned in slightly, “It is over there in your ‘Important Royal Guard Documents and Forms’ box.” He then pointed to a very nicely made group of wooden boxes attached to the wall. It was a large square that was composed of a smaller group of squares arranged in a five by five set, with a small stack of papers in each cubicle.
“As per regulations, it is attached to a wall space in the governor’s, or City Headquarters’ building, that is unencumbered and easy to access, sir”
Gravy went over to the box and peered at it, while Sgt. Woolsely said, “It is exactly as specified in ‘The Trusty Handbook of the Cornswallow Royal Guard: Proper Procedures and Conduct’,” he held the opened book toward Gravy’s face and pointed to a diagram that showed detailed instructions on how the box was to be constructed.
Once Gravy had glanced upon the page, Sgt. Woolsely quickly closed the book, stuck his chin out and said: “As specified in section 8, paragraph 12, each square has been engraved with the proper inscription and has a generous allowance of the documents specified, also, the document you require is contained in box ‘F’, which by my inspection…” he leaned forward slightly and took a good look at the box, “…is in complete compliance with all regulations.” 
“So, I need to fill out this form, and then you’ll order your men to Timbrook,” Gravy asked, holding the paper in the air.
Sgt. Woolsely smirked. “Uh, no sir, that form needs to be filled out, approved by a commanding officer, namely me, then sent to the Counsel of Military Affairs, for further review and approval, and after that, signed and notarized by the Viceroy of Military Affairs, or by an authorized representative of the King, as I have previously mentioned.”
“So, how long will that take?”
“Three or four weeks, sir, depending upon travel time and the vacation schedules of those people involved with the review process.”
“I can’t wait that long.”
“Doesn’t matter sir, they wouldn’t approve it anyway…” Sergeant Woolsely replied matter-of-factly.
“Why not?”
“Because the residents of Timbrook have not shown any rebellious or seditious acts towards the king, sir.”
“My men were killed and abused!”
“That’s as maybe, sir, but The Royal Guard is not a law enforcement entity. We are a military organization and uniformed representatives of the king and his court.”
Gravy slapped himself in the head, and soon after sat down at his desk and began pounding it against the stacks of papers. As he was busy doing this, in walked Narlog, the royal secretary, who had been spending most of his stay in Fouldune at ‘Vera’s’, and quite enjoying the company of the women that worked there. He walked in with a huge smile on his face — a rather unusual occurrence for him.
“Hello, gentlemen…Sergeant…Governor.”
“Hello, Secretary Narlog.”
“Hmmpf,” was all he got out of Gravy. 
Narlog looked at the sergeant, who turned and whispered: “He’s not very good with this governing business, sir.” He gave him a quick wink, before resuming his strict posture.
“Narlog, can you order the Royal Guard to go into Timbrook and enforce my laws, and bring those…murderers to justice?” The governor asked, before pounding his fist upon his desk as an exclamation point. 
“Uh, no sir, not my jurisdiction,” Narlog politely replied.
Gravy rubbed his face in total frustration. “All I want is for the guards stationed here to follow my men into Timbrook, so that I can find out who shot two of my men out of a catapult and into the swamps. Is that so much to ask for?”
Woolsely stared at the ceiling. Narlog rubbed his chin a bit before answering in a very steady voice. “Well, Governor, there are a lot of extenuating circumstances to that particular request…”
“Like what?”
“Well, for one, when did these actions occur?” Narlog asked.
Gravy looked about. “A, uh…few days ago.”
Narlog nodded his head slowly, “Before you were governor?”
“Yes,” Gravy unhappily answered.
Both Narlog and the Sergeant chuckled. “So, these two private citizens, under orders from another private citizen, namely, you, went into Timbrook to…”
“Look for two fugitives.”
“Look for two other private citizens, who were not under any type of official investigation…”
Gravy frowned — he knew where this going.
“Without any uniform or banner signifying the entity that they represented, as well as invading those people’s sovereignty without any type of authorization from any territorial or royal official…and were subsequently accosted. Am I correct?”
Gravy sat back down in a huff. “Yes, I suppose.” 
Narlog smiled, glanced over at Sergeant Woolsely and softly said: “Sir, the first thing you need to do, is send an official police force in there to investigate the circumstances…a uniformed police force with banners and such designating them as officers of the royally-appointed governor.”
Gravy frowned for several seconds before finally jumping out of his chair. He stood there smiling broadly while pointing his finger at the two, and shouted: “Taxes!” He followed that with a small laugh.
Both Narlog and Woolsely answered: “What?”
“The people of Timbrook have not ever paid taxes! Now, from what I understand, one of the Royal Guard’s responsibilities is to enforce the payment of the king’s taxes, right?”
Narlog smiled again, and held out his left hand to Sgt. Woolsely, “Sergeant, do you have your ‘Trusty Handbook of the Cornswallow Royal Guard: Proper Procedures and Conduct’?”
“Of course, sir.”
Narlog opened the small red book to a page in the back, which folded out into a nice-sized map. He then laid the map in front of Gravy and proceeded to explain. “See, the problem with that argument is that Timbrook, though certainly a settlement, but with an as of now, unknown population, has never been classified as a township or municipality, as you can see on this map, it is nowhere to be found.”
“So?”
“Well, because it is not a classified urban center, it falls under the ‘Agriculture and Agricultural-Producing Settlement Act,’ which, under the jurisdiction of the Earl of the Interior, is exempt from any tax collection on any products produced for immediate and/or timely consumption.”
“What?”
“Well, in a nutshell, because it has been delineated as primarily an agricultural or agricultural-producing area, those products are tax exempt, except for any surplus that may be sold or traded at an official city or town site. Basically, as long as they eat what they produce, under the ‘A.A.P.S. Act’ they are not liable for taxes unless they bring the surplus and sell, or trade it…here in Fouldune, for instance. This was all part of Prince Vespius’ ‘Farmer Tax Credit Initiative’ of last year, and has been very popular amongst the farming constituency.”
Gravy dropped his head to the desk. He mumbled pitifully, “So, why is the Royal Guard here if I can’t get them to do anything?”
“Sir, would you like me to recite our mission statement?” Sgt. Woolsely asked.
“No.”
“Sir, if I may,” the sergeant eagerly asserted, “You’ll find in receptacle ‘J’ of your “Important Royal Guard Documents and Forms’ box, a very nicely made, and concise pamphlet that provides a basic overview of our duties.”
Gravy looked up into Sergeant Woolsely smiling face. “Thank you both.” He then waved them away. 
Three minutes later, he looked up from his desk and Narlog had left, but Sergeant Woolsely was still standing there, stoic and staring towards the back wall of the office. He looked down at the governor and whispered out of the corner of his mouth: “The proper command is ‘dismissed’, sir.”
Gravy rubbed his temples. “Dismissed, Sergeant.”
“Thank you, sir.” He clicked his heels, performed a tight 180-degree turn, stomped his right foot, and next began to march briskly out of the office. Once in the street, he performed a precise 90-degree turn and continued marching down the road.
“Oh, lord,” Gravy moaned, “And they say pimping ain’t easy…”

*****

Oldsmobill had spent the last couple of days exploring Rottweillor City, and was rather enjoying himself. He wandered around the market and watched as many of the craftsmen there worked upon their wares. He especially paid close attention to the woodwright shops. He went around asking questions, without drawing too much attention to himself, but had been unsuccessful in finding the four carpenters that would fulfill the first part of his quest.
He did discover that he was being watched, though. 
While looking at a few swords in a little blacksmith shop, he noticed a man peeking around the corner at him, then dart back behind a wall. Oldsmobill held up a very shiny and turned it slightly, as if admiring its craftsmanship, but he was actually using it as a mirror, and he watched as the dark figure stared at him from the shadows.
Olds continued to notice him as he passed through the market, catching fleeting glimpses of the man. The figure wore a dark cloak, which concealed his eyes, and he had a long, dark beard, and a fairly long and crooked nose. 
The day after Oldsmobill had arrived in Rottweillor, Prince Vespius invited him to a large breakfast in the royal hall with him. They spent a few minutes examining some of Bishop Lamprey’s writings. The pages were very confusing, and Oldsmobill didn’t really learn much from them that Vespius hadn’t already spoken of during their trip. He left that little meeting with a very uneasy feeling, for the truth of the matter was, there was nothing in the writings that Vespius had allowed him to see, that made the name of ‘Oldsmobill’ stand out any more than a hundred or so other names, and after the strange dream that Olds had during his first night at the castle, he had far more questions than answers. He was almost certain however that the figure in the dream was Bishop Lamprey, but did not have a clue as to the whereabouts of the old sage. He did not mention anything about the dream to Vespius. He knew that the prince was holding back on quite a bit of information, but until he could find out what Vespius knew, and why he would not share those secrets with him, Olds felt it best to play his own hand close to his vest. 
Vespius was, however, kind enough to set Oldsmobill up in a very luxurious suite in the castle’s guest wing, which just goes to show that every clod has a silver lining. He also gave Olds a bag of gold for ‘personal expenses’ during his stay in Rottweillor. Since the first breakfast meeting, however, he hadn’t seen the prince, who left Rottweillor later that same day with a large contingent of men and a hefty wagon that held a rather odd-looking wooden structure on the back. It was in the shape of a pyramid, and obviously made of wood, but appeared to have a grayish-silver layer of paint covering it. As Oldsmobill watched the procession from atop the castle gate, he became overwhelmed with a bad feeling, a mixture of dread and fear, but he couldn’t quite grasp the meaning behind those emotions. He slowly walked down the stairs to the gate’s entrance and toward the marketplace in the hope that it would change his mood.
Olds thought of perhaps buying some new armor, but the prince had supplied him with the standard issue uniform of the regular army: the Cornswallow Army Corps. Their armor was not as nice as the Royal Guard’s, but Oldsmobill thought it would certainly do for the time being. Dressed in a chain mail shirt that draped just below his waist, as well as dark-tan leather jerkins and his own scratched-up, armored boots, he was feeling like he was slowly getting back to where he had started, when he had first set out upon his quest. 
A thin, white tunic covered his chain mail and came down to his upper thighs. It was a short-sleeved garment, and didn’t have the normal Cornswallow insignia embroidered on the front, but was instead plain and rather ordinary looking. He didn’t like wearing the chain mail hood, or the helmet though, as they became too hot in the sun. 
In his uniform, and still carrying the sword he had gotten from one of the bandits in Fouldune, he felt adequately clothed for what little he did while at Rottweillor, which was mainly just walk around the market and enjoy all the entertainment that took place there.
It rained the entire third day, so he stayed inside and hung out in the billiard room and played bumper pool with the guards and a group of elderly patients from a local retirement hovel on their weekly field trip to the castle.
The next day he awoke early, and ran down to the docks to see if Cap’n Kidneybean’s boat had arrived. As he ran down to the riverside he saw the craft tied to a pier. Ishmael and Sloop, with the help of a few dockworkers, were busy unloading the boat’s cargo onto a horse-drawn wagon.
“Sloop! Ishmael!” he yelled out, and the two old sea dogs, quickly sat a slab of marble down and waved back. He shook both their hands and Sloop gave him a light punch to the arm.
“There he is, Olds the sailor!” Sloop laughed, “Come back to join the crew?” 
Ishmael smiled but didn’t say a word.
“It’s good to see you dogs made it here in one piece,” Olds exclaimed. 
“Ya, easy trip past Carbuckle. ‘Course, if any bandits were thinking of offing us, a glance at them two Royal Guards would’ve made ‘em think differently,” he replied.
“They weren’t good company, though,” Ishmael peeped.
“Ya, grim duo,” Sloop added.
“So, where are the Cap’n, and Johann?”
“Cap’n is in that shack signing papers and getting’ his money,” Sloop said.
“Johann didn’t come,” Ishmael somberly added.
“What?” Olds asked in a very surprised voice.
“Naw, we haven’t seen him since the banquet. Figured he’s went with you.” Sloop replied.
Oldsmobill looked about puzzled. “What? Did he leave any message or…”
“Nope. Not a peep or a beep.” Sloop smiled, while Oldsmobill kept looking around the dock as if this was some kind of a joke. 
“But…” Olds pitifully replied.
“Aye, you know how them womens is…” Sloop laughed a deep laugh, but it didn’t cheer Olds’ spirit any. “He’s probably already moved in wit that fine lassie he met at the banquet. Ha…she was quite a looker!” 
The knight-errant began to slowly walk away from the dock. After a few slow steps, he turned and said: “Nice seeing you guys are okay…”
“Ya, hey, Olds, come have a drink with us,” Sloop called out.
“Yea, I will…I just…”
“Yea, have a drink,” Ishmael cheeped.
“I just…have to take care of some business. You guys staying long?”
“A couple of days.”
“I’ll be back in a little while,” Olds said, but nothing made his mood change. He slowly walked back to the castle. A look of sadness covered his pouting face. His shoulders were slumped, and as he walked dejectedly up the road, he unenthusiastically kicked a rusty can ahead of him with each step. 

Off the main feasting hall of Rottweillor Castle was an extensive library. Hundreds of scrolls as well as a large collection of books were kept neatly organized on numerous shelves. There were several very comfortable chairs scattered about the room, and plenty of light was allowed in through two large stained-windows. One window was decorated with a rendition of the crucifixion of Jesus, and the other was of Lord Pylon Cornswallow, the great grandfather of Hector, and the first Cornswallow to come to power in the northern lands of Walder. In beautiful, multi-colored shards of glass, the legendary ruler was depicted on a white stallion, holding a large sword in one hand and a spatula in the other. Olds pondered the possible significance of the representation.  Was Lord Pylon ready to flip some pancakes? Or perhaps making the world safe again for scrambled eggs?
As he stared at both of the colorful windows. He noticed that their styles were quite different, and wondered what image was in the window before Cornswallow had taken over Rottweillor. He sighed deeply. 
He was still depressed, and just couldn’t believe that Johann would abandon the mission for a woman he had only just met. 
At first, he was saddened by this turn of events, then he became angry, but after a while, he began to feel a bit guilty. He suddenly realized that he didn’t own Johann, and his friend certainly didn’t owe him anything. If the truth were told, Olds still felt like he was indebted to Johann for saving his life, for if it hadn’t been for him, he might still be wandering around the swamps outside of Timbrook.
Olds started to finally smile, feeling a bit of pride in himself for convincing Johann to at least leave the swamps and his home in Timbrook and see a little of the world. And if Johann was happy with his newfound love, then that made Oldsmobill happy as well. He was still disappointed that Johann wouldn’t be accompanying him on his mission, but perhaps the ‘great hunter’ had found what he was actually looking for nonetheless.
In the quiet of the library, Olds began to study the titles of the books upon the shelves. He noticed that a large portion of the books were concerned with the history of the region, and in particular, the history of the mysterious dung stone. As he walked along the shelves, pulling out scrolls, and glancing at very old and brittle parchments, he began to understand how much time Vespius at put into researching the strange artifact. He began to wonder if anyone else in the world knew even half as much about its history, its legend, and its power, then the crown prince. 
Noticing a large blue book on one of the shelves, he went over and picked it up. He stood there a few seconds while admiring the craftsmanship inherent in its embossed cover detail and binding. He slowly opened it and began to read “The Legend of the Dung Stone,” compiled and edited by Verga DeLuge:

“The oldest story of the Dung Stone is told by the Gaelic Priest Astoliax, who said that the stories had been passed down from generation to generation from the ‘Elderlings’, an ancient race of man-like hominids that first inhabited the European continent. These tales made their way through time in the form of songs mainly, and one such ballad told the story of ‘Ain,’ a warrior who battled a great dragon in the depths of the earth.
In one particular ballad, Ain defeated the dragon and sliced off three of its toes, and was prepared to kill the beast when it pleaded for its life. Ain, as the legend tells, was a just and righteous man, and didn’t wish to kill the beast, but the dragon had been damaging his tribal lands and injuring his people. So, he made a bargain with the beast, that if it could provide a large enough bounty, he would allow it to live.
But, contrary to other legends told of dragons, this particular beast did not collect or horde gold, so it had nothing to give to Ain. And as Ain raised his stone axe, the beast cried out that it did have a stone, a great stone, that could tell a man everything about the future and the past, and that if a man had this stone, he could rule the world.
Now, Ain was intrigued, but he said: “Let me see this stone, or I will surely slice thee most horizontally and expose all ye giblets.” 
But the beast withdrew deep into its cave and came back with a beautiful blue gem like none that had ever been seen. To look inside this gem was to see a thousand stars that sparkled and glimmered like a clear night sky. Ain felt a strangeness come over him and he suddenly saw many bizarre and wonderful things. But, feeling his mind slipping from him, he took his axe blade and did slice his own thigh, so that the pain of his wound would cause the visions to cease. But, Ain’s mind was still covered in madness. And he said to the beast: “I will slay you dragon and take this stone as my own!”
It was then that the beast ate the stone and swallowed it into his gullet. Ain raised his axe, but his anger had made him clumsy and he swung at the beast like a madman. He wounded the beast again, but the beast swung his claws and sliced Ain deep to his core. The once great warrior fell there dead.
The dragon then wept, for he could not retrieve the stone from his gullet, and it had been  a gift to him from his father’s father’s father. For he was the last of his kind, and was left here to watch over the earth and to await his kind’s return. So the stone was ruined, and when several days later he expelled it, he left it in the cave, and flew away from that place, for his den had been discovered, and found another place to hide in the distant mountains.
And a search party found the Dung Stone and took it and the body of Ain to Califalix, where they both lay for many years.”

That afternoon, Oldsmobill ran down to the docks in search of the crew, and after roaming around a while, heard a familiar voice bellowing from inside a nearby bar.
“Aargh! If it isn’t me ol’ jalopy, Oldsmobill! Aargh! Come hither me buddy, and have a drink with an ol’ sailor and his vicious crew!” The rather inebriated captain barked, while slapping Olds repeatedly on his back as he sat down at the table. On the other side of him was Sloop, his arm still bandaged up, slurping down a large jug of root beer, and already unable to walk. Next to him was Ishmael, sipping from a brandy glass and looking upon everybody with his large chicken-like eyes. A couple of other men sat around the table as well, one was called Fatty Matty, though he was more husky than fat, and a rather strange looking man named Hobble, who, for some odd reason was wearing a spittoon upon his head. 
Next to Oldsmobill, sitting on Cap’n Kidneybean’s lap, was a fairly attractive woman with a very low-cut blouse. She had a rather plump, glowing face with shoulder-length light-brown curls. On top of her head was a helmet that had two full flagons of ale attached to its sides. A tube ran from each container, the ends of which were lodged in the corners of her mouth. She smiled a wide, bright smile at Olds and then shyly looked away.
“Aargh! This be Matilda, a kangaroo-waltzer by fame, and the best dancer in seven or eight housing divisions by what I’s been told!” The Cap’n laughed heartily. Matilda smiled again and presented her hand to Olds. She leaned over to him slightly and he couldn’t help but look upon her nice cleavage before peering deeply into her large, bloodshot eyes. After they gently shook hands, Olds noticed that there was a small note in his palm. ‘Call me,’ was scribbled on it along with a series of numbers, but Oldsmobill had no idea what they meant.
“Aargh! Lady and gents, this here be Oldsmobill, a finer auto-mo-vehicle cannot be found anywhere in the thirteen colonies! Aargh! Only driven once or twice on Sundays by a rambunctious old lady from Pasadena! Aargh! His mileage is low, and he’s revved up and ready to roll,” the captain laughed loudly, “He be knee-deep in rubber and drippin’ with chrome!”
The captain ordered a few rounds and it wasn’t long before Olds was feeling pretty tipsy. A few other women joined the group and all appeared to be friends of Matilda’s. She introduced her companions, who were all co-workers for the Valdorlok Ministry of Trade, and in town for a conference with the Cornswallow’s economic advisors.
“We’re all staying at the Convention Center Hotel,” she slurred into Oldsmobill’s ear, “the bar there was quite boring though, so we went out looking for some fun.”
“Well, I think you’ve found the place!” Olds replied, smiling from ear to ear.
“We’re slumming!” a big, redheaded lass added, before collapsing to the floor.
Matilda barely noticed, she continued to smile at Olds. “We only came for a glass or two, but the pirate guy keeps buying us drinks, so…” she said, her eyes half-closed and starting to slowly roll into the back of her head. 
One of her coworkers suddenly grabbed Oldsmobill’s shoulder and spurted out, “Whasha’ yo name, cutie?” 
“Oldsmobill!” he replied, while holding up his flagon. He smiled a broad, toothy grin, before quickly downing the brew.
Matilda pulled his head back to once again face her and lightly slapped his cheek, smiled a lazy smile, looked deep into his eyes, and gave him a big, sloppy, ale-drenched kiss.
Before Oldsmobill opened his eyes again, she was on his lap, with her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. She took one of the tubes out of her helmet and poured a mouthful of rum into his mouth while she giggled and barked playfully like a drunken Chihuahua.
Cap’n Kidneybean suddenly stood up and shouted, “Aargh! More drinks for the crew and the wenches!” 
A half-second later, the Captain was standing amid total silence. 
The great smile on his face slowly turned into an ‘O’ shape as the collection of women at the table showed their displeasure at his rude statement by immediately dousing him with several flagons and goblets of assorted brews, followed closely behind by the empty containers. Just when he thought he had survived the barrage, a couple of ashtrays ‘tinked’ off his rather thick skull. At that point, one of the insulted women, Valerie, an accountant by trade, broke a chair over his head, and then stood above him, waving a finger at his fallen body.
“Who’sh you callin’…a ‘wensh’?” she loudly slurred, “You crazy…bucca…hiccup…bucca…hiccup…pirate boy!”  She then ripped his parrot off his shoulder, and threw it out the front door. The entire table immediately broke into thunderous laughter. 
The old seaman rapidly limped out to retrieve his badly-stuffed pet while yelping, “Aargh! Alistair! The she-devil done kill’t me feathery travelin’ buddy!”
At that point, a violin player finally returned from the bathroom and began playing a jig, which started everyone in the bar hopping about and clapping. Another wild-eyed man ran in from a side door, looked about excitedly, stomped his foot four times, pulled out an accordion and joined right in.
Suddenly, a door in the roof opened up and in came a string section, suspended in midair by ropes and playing their hearts out. Soon, the whole place was dancing around and laughing and hollering. Olds was dancing with Matilda as she showed him the steps to ‘The Outback Waltz’, a strange sort of dance that entailed hopping about like a kangaroo while growling like a rabid dingo.
Cap’n Kidneybean, having retrieved his fake parrot, had used so much duct tape to attach his fine-feathered friend to his shoulder, that it was now mummified, appearing to be only a large, bird-shaped wad of the silvery adhesive tape.
With quite a bit of assistance from his crew, as well as a few other patrons, the captain hopped up on top of the bar, and began to sing:

“There was an old lady who lived in a shoe,
She had thirty kids and a kangaroo,
And no man at home to pay the rent, 
So, she tied up her laces and off she went.

Hopping about from town to town
She wondered where a good man could be found.
She searched through the bars and castle halls,
She looked in garages and bathroom stalls.

Oh, where? Oh, where can a good man be had?
So all o’these young’ins can call someone ‘dad’.
Oh, where? Oh, where can a good man be found?
I’ve looked and looked, but there ain’t none around!

She tried putting ads in the local newspapers,
And posted her picture and bio on bags of taters.
She went to the clubs and on several blind dates,
But, always came home drunk, saying: “Oh, what a waste!”

She met plenty of bastards, idiots, and muscle-heads,
Married men who just wanted her in their beds,
Tattooed thugs and egotistical punks,
Motorcyclers, hillbillies, and unemployed drunks.

Oh, where? Oh, where can a good man be had?
So all o’these young’ins can call someone ‘dad’.
Oh, where? Oh, where can a good man be found?
I’ve looked and looked, but there ain’t none above ground!

She then met a man from Timbuktu.
He had two left feet and one big right shoe.
‘Everything I have,’ he said, ‘I’ll give to you.’
She said: ‘That’s fine, my dear, but only half will do.’

They put their shoes together and made quite a nice house,
And soon tied the knot and called each other ‘spouse.’
And the kangaroo and kids before long, called him ‘dad.’
And they all grew old together…now, that ain’t so bad.”

So take my advice and don’t you fret,
You’ll find true love without any regrets.
Don’t give up hope and don’t ye be blue,
For you’ll finally get what you’s got coming to you!”

Matilda swung Olds around and around and when he was good and dizzy she picked him up and threw him to the floor. She then jumped on top of him, while the ale from her helmet spilled all around his head. She suddenly gave him another big, wet, tongue-filled kiss. 
Meanwhile, everyone danced around, not noticing the sloppiness that was taking place on the floor below. It somewhat resembled a group of cannibals dancing around a Valentine’s Day feast. 
At that moment, the musicians ended their song and started playing the musical version of Edward Blake’s ‘Jerusalem’, which made everyone in the bar stand tall and take off any hats or caps or toupees that they were wearing and placing them proudly over their hearts. Even Matilda stood up, and after few seconds, a dazed Oldsmobill ― now wearing the rum helmet ― slowly rose as well.

‘And did those feet in ancient times, walk upon England’s mountains green…”

After the song was finished, ten members from the Rottweillor Cheerleading Squad suddenly entered the bar and began doing acrobatic flips and somersaults, before eventually building a human pyramid, which Cap’n Kidneybean tried to climb, but fell off of midway up, and subsequently broke a table in half.
“Aargh!” he cried out, lying on the floor below them, “The views better down here any o’ways!” He laughed and poured a glass of ale over his jolly face. 
Sloop tried to start a cheer by yelling out: “Two bits, four bits, six bits, a dollar…” but he lost his balance and fell headlong into a broom closet.
The cheerleaders started prancing about the bar and shaking their pom-poms ― which were made entirely of old dryer lint and recycled air filters ― while the musicians furiously played ‘Devil Went Down To Georgia,’ and the entire place sang along. Many flagons of ale were tossed about and quickly drained and even licked off the floor, while one patron punched a hole in a barrel of corn whiskey and stuck his entire head into it. Sloop was crawling around on the floorboards now, while Ishmael had silently moved to a dark corner, where he was slowly sipping strawberry daiquiris and nervously ogling the festivities. 
Matilda, meanwhile, had dragged Oldsmobill to a dark corner as well, and was now having her way with him, while his arms flailed about like a man falling off a cliff.
Soon, after the arrival of a few fraternity types, all wearing their togas and large Greek-lettered pendants, the place erupted into a full-blown ‘Pep Rally’. The cheerleaders were still lapping the place, pouring beer over their heads and shouting random letters through their megaphones, ‘Give me an ‘O’, give me a ‘T’, give me an ‘F’, give me a ‘V’…”
The fraternity boys started a chugging contest and broke empty bottles over each other’s head, to hysterical bouts of laughter and meaningless bloodshed. Several of the patrons danced upon the bar, having rolled their pants legs up and showing off their hairy shins. The bartender then started throwing barbecued chicken wings at the crowd, while five elderly drunks in the corner sang ancient advertising jingles.
A few of Matilda’s coworkers started to dance upon the tables, and when one fell off, another would climb up and join right in, as if playing a perverse rendition of ‘musical chairs.’ A group of old sailors started a line dance which Cap’n Kidneybean gladly participated in, but he accidentally threw his fake peg-leg through the window during an excessive high-kick sequence.
The bartender, now totally sloshed himself, lit a large wooden pole, and shouted out: “Limbo!” 
Unexpectedly, five men ran in playing bongos and kettle drums and tambourines, all dressed up in rhinestone-encrusted, lime-green vests and matching bell-bottomed pants, which really got the place excited. Everyone formed a line and began dancing under the flaming pole to a rollicking, beat-heavy version of “Hot, Hot, Hot.” 
Even Matilda joined the fun, having stopped kissing Olds long enough to try her hand at the flexibility-testing dance. She dragged his dazed body by his left foot under the pole with her and Olds smiled broadly throughout, but his eyes were glassy and almost shut.
“Yah!” he cried out, while being slid under the limbo pole, and triumphantly raised another glass, before being hauled back to the corner. Everyone jumped and clapped and sang and laughed and continually poured various types of beverages down their throats. 
The party continued on unabated until a neighbor noticed several sheep being lead into the bar, and immediately notified a local law enforcement agency. 
The Rottweillor police soon arrived and doused the whole tavern down with fire hoses and buckets of coffee, until all the patrons either dispersed, or were washed out onto the docks. As the crowd filtered off toward their homes, or hotel rooms, or holes in the wall, Cap’n Kidneybean and Sloop dragged Oldsmobill by his shoulders up the road to the castle, while a slobbering Matilda hung on to him for dear life.

The next morning, all awoke in Olds’ luxurious digs in the castle guest wing. Oldsmobill courageously opened his eyes to see that the morning sun was brightly taunting him. Slowly lifting his head, he felt Matilda’s foot firmly lodged underneath his jaw. 
He yawned and tried to remember all that had happened the night before, but all he could recollect was a dream-like image of a colorful butterfly fluttering in the air.
He could see the door to a small receiving room outside his bedroom was slightly ajar, with the tip of Cap’n Kidneybean’s peg-leg peeking through. He yawned again and stretched, and saw Matilda’s head suddenly lift up from under the sheets by his feet. She yawned as well and tried opening her eyes, but only her eyebrows lifted slightly. 
“Good morning,” Olds rasped, his voice very hoarse.
“Wha?” she groaned. Her eyes finally opened, and after a few seconds in which to adjust to the sunlight and realize where she was, she quickly jumped up and looked at Olds and said, “What time is it?”
Olds smiled and looked out the window, “My best guess would be eight-ish.” He squinted with the effort, and rubbed his eyes.
“Oh, gosh! I’m going to be late.” She quickly pulled a layer of the sheeting around her and lifted herself out of bed. As she started to walk toward a partition that had her clothes draped over it, her foot caught the bottom of the sheet and pulled it down just enough to expose her rather shapely bottom, the sight of which brought a little smile to Oldsmobill’s face. He then noticed that on the small of her back was a colorful tattoo of a beautiful butterfly. 
“I have a presentation to give to the Rottweillor Trade Ministry,” she frantically yelped. “I can’t be late, or I’ll be sacked for sure.”
She quickly whisked her clothes on and appeared from behind the partition looking as if she had spent about thirty seconds getting dressed, which is about how long it actually took. She grabbed her shoes and then began to slow her pace down a notch, as a smile made its way upon her face. She then slid on top of Olds, crossed her hands on his chest, and stared straight into his face, giggling lightly. 
“Oldsmobill…” she said softly.
Olds smiled, his arms clutched behind his head.
“I had a wonderful time last night,” she cooed.
“From what I can remember, so did I.”
“I have to be in meetings all day, but when I’m done, would you like to maybe get a bite to eat?” she asked, in a slightly bashful voice.
“I would like that very much.”
“You’re not just saying that are you? Because if you didn’t want to go, you wouldn’t just tell me that…would you?” she raised her eyebrows, and Olds noticed the apprehension in her bloodshot eyes.
“Well,” he said, after thinking a second, “Actually, I probably would just tell you that, considering the circumstances.” 
“What?” she asked with a shocked look upon her face.
“But,” he laughingly interjected, “I really would like to see you again.” 
She smiled and gave him a light pat to the cheek, and kissed him, which he enjoyed very much, but he didn’t know whose breath was worst, hers or his.
“Then I will meet you at the Convention Center Hotel bar at…let’s say, six bells.” She smiled a huge smile and kissed him again.
“It’s a date,” he answered, when he finally got the chance.
Matilda jumped up and said, “Great.” Then she turned and began to hurry out of his room and into the receiving room, where, spying one of her co-workers, snapped out: “Sheila! We have to go!”
Amid some rumbling and yawns and groans and what sounded like someone falling over a body or two, and then stumbling across a piece of furniture, Sheila staggered into view. Her hair looked as if she had somehow survived being hit by a lightning bolt and she had mascara smeared all over her cheeks. The two straightened themselves up a little and were about to leave when Matilda leaned back in the doorway, and asked in a devilish voice: “Oldsmobill?”
“Yes?” he replied, leaning up in the bed.
“…Loved the test drive,” she said, smiling broadly. She then gave him a wink, made a little barking sound, and ran out the door.

A few minutes later, Olds wrapped himself in a sheet and slowly, quite slowly actually, made his way into the receiving room. Sloop was still sleeping in the chair by the door, curled up like a ragamuffin fetus. A look around the corner saw Cap’n Kidneybean in his usual splayed sleeping posture, while Ishmael was tightly wedged into the corner, his crooked little head asleep atop his knees. On one couch was the husky fellow called ‘Fatty Matty’ and along the other wall, underneath a table, was a fraternity boy with a large ‘X’ pendant (which Olds originally thought was for the Greek letter ‘Chi,’ but was later told was actually a Malcolm X. medallion), and another fellow who, for some odd reason, was wrapped from head to toe in duct tape. Olds wasn’t sure if the mummified soul was asleep or not, for the man’s eyes were concealed beneath a pair of large sunglasses. 
Olds stood there perusing the inventory of ‘what the cat drug in’, wearing his flowery bed sheet toga, and looking to some extent like a colorful version of Plato contemplating the ‘Allegory of the Cave.’
A knock thankfully interrupted his philosophical wanderings and when he opened the door he was met with the hideous face of the little rat-like creature known simply as ‘Algebra.’
“Good morning, sir. The crown prince wanted me to awaken you, sir.” The sniveling little toad took a glance inside the room, and seeing the carnage that had been wrought, thought best not to mention anything about it, “His majesty asks if you would be so kind as to join him for a…” He paused again and looked at the snoring assemblage, “…private…breakfast in the feasting hall.”
Olds just stood there and frowned at the little beast — just to see how the skinny, little rodent would react to the lack of a response. Algebra kept looking into the room, and rubbed his orange-tipped fingers together. He sniffed several times, looked about, licked his lips, frowned, smiled, and having run out of options, simply started again from the beginning.
“Good morning, sir. The crown prince wanted me to awaken you, and ask if you would be so kind as…”
“I’ll be down in a second,” Olds abruptly replied. To which the slouching figure bowed a little, sniffled, and lumbered down the corridor.

Oldsmobill quickly put on a change of clothes, poured some water over his head, put on his boots, and jingled out of his room. 
Vespius was sitting in a corner of the hall, with several papers in front of him on a table. It was a small table, and during a large feast might only be used to place assorted dishes upon, but for this meeting, it was all the space they needed. No one else was in the hall, except for the occasional server, and two guards that were posted by the door.
“Oldsmobill!” Vespius grinned as he rose, his hand invitingly pointing to the chair across from him. As Olds sat down, the prince reached over and clutched his wrist and said: “I’m sorry that I haven’t been a very good host during your stay, I have been so very, very busy.”
Olds smiled. A woman brought a large plate of fried quail eggs, slices of fried ham, some chunks of potatoes, and a couple of steaming biscuits. A large cup of ginger tea was placed in front of him soon after.
“Oh, it’s not a problem, sir. I’ve been busy exploring this wonderful city,” Olds replied with a delighted look upon his face. Without delay, he began to dig in. He was very hungry, and he hoped that the food would quell the somewhat achy feeling he had in his stomach and head.
“It is a wonderful place. Tell me, where all have you been?” Vespius asked, while softly chewing some potatoes.
“The market mainly, and the docks.”
“Yes, I heard the captain had arrived. We have the marble in a storehouse out back, ready to install.”
Olds grinned and nodded, but mostly just ate.
Vespius wiped his mouth with a napkin and then took a large drink of the tea. “Listen, I have to leave today for Walder, to take care of some urgent business, I’ll be back in a couple of days. I’m sorry, but this is very important.”
Olds continued to smile and eat.
“Hopefully, when I return we can take a little trip to Allegoria and try to find that cave of the three sisters, and perhaps get our quest going forward.” Vespius smiled and then drank some more tea.
Olds smiled in reply. “I would like that very much.”
“Yes,” Vespius said, and then leaned in a bit. “Do you think you can find it, Oldsmobill, I mean, after all this time?”
Olds swallowed a mouthful of eggs, followed closely by a piece of biscuit, he then took a quick drink of the wine and answered, “I think so, it wasn’t that long ago…uh, three years, I think.” He smiled again and resumed eating.
Vespius leaned back. “I wonder what all they have seen of the future? Considering how much time they spent in the presence of the stone on Mount Gagglehorn…did they happen to share any prophecies…or visions of what’s to come with you Oldsmobill?” 
“No, not really…they just rambled a lot.”
Vespius smirked. His left eye looked happily upon his guest, while his right eye seemed much more sinister, and gave Olds a look like he might want to kill him. “Do you think they’ll cooperate with us?”
Olds smiled again, “Oh, yea. They seemed to like me, I guess.” His voice then turned to a more serious tone, “They know me, and once they realize our intentions are good, and for the betterment of the entire region, I think they’ll be quite cooperative.”
Vespius leaned back in his chair, ever so slightly, still staring intently into Olds’ eyes. “Good,” he slowly replied, “They may prove to be quite useful in our mission. See, I told you that you were destined to play an important part in the future of these lands.” 
Olds slowly nodded. Even though he had never actually played a card game with the Prince, he knew Vespius must have been very good at such things, for he could easily lie right to your face and you’d never even see the slightest hint of an expression that might reveal the falsehood. But, Olds wasn’t bad at those games either, and for the first time, he thought he saw a look in Vespius’ eyes that exposed his true character. Olds had upped the ante on him and Vespius had surprisingly showed at least a few of his cards to him. He continued to eat, while Vespius looked over a few papers lying next to his plate.
“Oldsmobill, do you think we can change the world?” the prince suddenly asked.
Olds looked up a second, and then stared Vespius straight in the eye. He didn’t want to reveal to the prince what he actually thought of him, how little he trusted him, or tell him that there was no way he was ever going to show him the lair of the three sisters. So, he smiled like a naive, bright-eyed fool, the role he had been playing from the start. ‘The trusting dupe’.
“Together…I think we can.”
Vespius smiled, feeling quite gratified.

*****

“There seems to be so little light anymore.”

King Hector looked up and saw that he was trapped inside a deep, dark well. Above him, he saw a tiny pinhole of light. He heard voices and movements up there, but they seemed so far away, so very distant and muffled.
“Help!” he cried out. His hands waved about in the darkness. Surely they could hear him up there. Surely they would look down and see him trapped down in this hole. Surely someone would.
“Help!” he screamed again. He heard voices and he saw them pass right over him, blurry images, he couldn’t tell if they were looking at him or not.
“Help! I’m down here! Help me please!” he cried out. He then listened intently for any clue that they heard him, but there was no response. He could hear them talking, he saw them moving, why were they not responding? 
“Help!”
Hector listened again. When no response came, he started to cry. “Where is the light?” he howled. “Why have they imprisoned me in this hole, why can’t I find my way out?”
He began to shriek and cry, as he had never cried before, not even as a child had he ever felt such sorrow. He sat in the darkness and sobbed miserably. “I am Hector…I am…your king….” he whispered between the sobs, then lifted his head up again and screamed:
“Help me!” 

*****

After the breakfast, Vespius told Olds that if he needed anything for the next couple of days he could see Algebra and he would arrange it as best he could. He said, “Goodbye, my friend,” and left briskly, carrying all of his papers with him. Olds sat in the echoing feasting hall and finished his meal. When done, he belched and rubbed his stomach, and then finished the cup of tea. He felt much better at that point.
He decided to stroll into the cooking area, which was just off to the side of the hall, to see if he could round up some food for his sleeping comrades still up in his room. The cooking area was huge, and included many large ovens and preparation tables. Workers were rolling dough and stirring pots and chopping vegetables. They were all quite nice to Olds, for few of the castle’s quests ever paid them any attention. Olds looked on in deep fascination as an older woman with jolly, round, rosy cheeks showed him how to knead dough, and then another let him taste a bit of the stew that she was preparing for a lunchtime meal. 
A skinny, mustachioed man brought in a lamb carcass from a door that led outside, and after saying a few words that sounded kind of like Italian, dropped the carcass upon a cutting board. He then started to hum a low melody off his tongue as he began to chop the animal into portions. He smiled at Olds as he did so, and sang even louder.

“Oh, solo mee-tro,
Oh, caspero wine burgero,
Domo abrigatto,
Mistoro Roboto,
Domo…domo…”

Oldsmobill made his way over to a small basket of biscuits and muffins, and after politely asking if he could take them to some friends sleeping upstairs, he was suddenly inundated with other baskets of sweet breads, and fruits, and a large platter of fried quail eggs. The woman with the rosy cheeks hastily brought a larger basket to him and started to put the smaller ones inside it.
Just then, Olds heard a creaking sound in the corner, as the noise in the kitchen dampened down a quite a bit. From behind a cupboard door, slithered in Algebra, who passed around the cooks and workers like a jaundiced ghost. Olds stepped back behind a rack of pots and pans so as to hide his presence, but he watched the little man closely.
Algebra opened a large, locked chest, and withdrew one perfectly round cantaloupe. He hurriedly locked the case back, and after placing the melon on a plate, and slicing it in half, he next set a spoon beside it, and just as creepily, exited back through the cupboard. 
Olds’ attention was soon brought back to the laughing lady, who pointed a finger his way and said, “I can no lift these basket-o’s, sorry, but you look’a like you hav’a strong’a back.” 
Olds smiled, recognizing from her accent that she had surely graduated from the ‘Chico Marx Academy of Italian Dialects.’
She laughed heartily, as did the others. Olds thanked them all for the tour and the lessons and the tasting, and he then thanked them all for a scrumptious breakfast, which pleased them greatly because they very seldom ever heard the words ‘thank you’ from anyone. 
“You don’a worry now, you comma down here’a and eat’a anytime you want’a.” She smiled and lightly patted his back. 
Another woman, with a huge red scarf on her head added: “He’s such’a nice’a boy, comma from’a good family, from’a the old’a country, huh?” She smiled a huge, toothy smile and waved her hands in the air.
The lady with the red cheeks patted him on the back again, and began to wave Oldsmobill out of the kitchen.
“Now, you go eat’a! You eat’a! You all’a skin and bones’a! What? You momma don’a feed you? Now go! And’a come back’a for dinner, I make’a you a big meatball’a sandwich, huh? Just for you.”
With a wave, Olds picked up the heavy basket, which made him wince, and caused another round of laughter from the room. Then, he slowly carried it up the stairs to his room, only having to stop twice to catch his breath.
After he left, the lady with the rosy cheeks clasped her hands together and said, “Ah, now’a that’s a good boy, remind’a me of my little Joey, back home’a in’a Brooklyn, before the base’a ball’a strike.”
The whole kitchen agreed and resumed their singing and working upon the next meal.

When Oldsmobill announced that he had food, his quests pounced upon him like linebackers upon a fumbled football. What next ensued can best be described as a ‘free for all’, as hungry mouths made all sorts of rude and nasty noises in their ravaging of the food stocks. Their jaws extended, and more than slightly resembled several starving chipmunks storing foodstuffs inside their bloated cheeks. 
When the food was gone, the frat boy with the pendant bid all a bellowing goodbye, and shook each of their hands with an elaborate secret handshake. Soon after, the duct-taped mummy hopped out of the room as well.
Cap’n Kidneybean, Sloop, Ishmael and Fatty Matty were left to pick the crumbs out of the rug and lick their fingernails clean. 
Olds whispered to his guests, “What do you guys know about Prince Vespius?”
“Aargh! I was a’gonna tell you earlier, but ye left Carbuckle ‘fore I had the chance.” The captain spoke, in as low a tone as he could produce, “Aargh! But I hears many’a things from pubs and docks all up and down this river, and they all say…he’s a tough cookie.”
Olds frowned a little, hoping for a bit more than ‘tough cookie’. “What do you mean?” he goaded.
“Aargh!” the captain continued in his low tone, continually looking toward the door. “He’s a man that can’t be trusted, for his only friend is hisself, and if ye crosses him, he’ll cut yer feet off quicker than ye can say: ‘Oh, no! You cruel bastard! Not my freakin’ feet!”
The Cap’n winced and looked nervously about, frightened by his own sudden outburst.
Olds still frowned, “I don’t trust him.”
Fatty Matty quietly imported: “I come from Walder, my family’s farm is there, and I’m going back there soon, me thinks, but a riverboat man I was fer many years, and I can tell ya one thing…he’s a despicable man, this prince, and rumors abound about him.”
“Aargh! That he be.”
“What sort of rumors?”
He leaned forward, his voice barely audible, in fact, Ishmael, who sat just a couple feet away didn’t hear a word, and didn’t really seem to care either way.
“They say…he is the one responsible for his father’s riding accident,” Matty quietly voiced, then raised his eyebrows and nodded his head.
“Aargh!” the Cap’n added, “Like I said…he’s one tough cookie.”
“And, they say that after the Battle of Tarmac Plain, all those commanders…his father’s closest men…were ambushed and killed by bandits…only it weren’t no bandits. If ye know what I mean.”
Olds leaned away for a second, mainly because Matty’s breath reeked, but also to ponder what he had just said for a second or two.
“They were sent to some kind of military counsel, but they never made it, all but one were killed,” Matty added.
Oldsmobill looked upon the tall, husky fellow with bad breath, “Who survived?”
“They say his name be ‘Reaver’.”
“Hmmm, General Reaver, he’s always right next to Vespius. 
“Aye, he be his closest ally.”
Cap’n Kidneybean suddenly stood and stretched. “Aargh! The prince be a very powerful man, far too powerful fer us kelp-kickers to wrassle wit’, that much I can tells ya. Aargh! So, take my advice, Oldsy, steer clear of the crags and keep an orb peeled fer approachin’ nor’easters.” The pirate smacked his lips while slowly rising to his feet. “Aargh! As fer meself, I mus’ be goin’ mateys, I’s got to find work or I’ll have no reason to leave this ‘ere fine and lovely city. Aargh! It be a drunkard’s dream if e’er they be one.”
He patted Oldsmobill on the shoulder and muttered, “Aargh! And you be careful with this ‘ere Vespius fellow, Oldsm-o-buck, fer ye be mo’ a lover than a fighter, me thinks.”
Olds smiled and thanked the captain for his advice, and the salty sea bass briskly limped out the door along with the silent figure of Ishmael, who nodded politely and bade everyone goodbye by running his tongue across his buckteeth quite rapidly.
Soon after, Sloop, Fatty Matty and Olds left the castle and headed for the town market. The sun was now shining brightly. During their stroll, Olds noticed the same mysterious figure following him again. He told Sloop of this, and Sloop wanted to ambush the fellow, but Olds didn’t want the stalker to know he had been discovered. 
The market was more than just people selling their wares. There was plenty of entertainment there as well. Many shops had jugglers and barkers trying to drum up some attention to what they sold. There were corrals of different types of domesticated livestock, and a nicely decorated ring for horses to be paraded through, as prospective buyers sat or leaned upon the wooden rails.
There were a few fish mongers who would bark out their prices to anyone that came near. Men would come barreling through the crowd carrying baskets of all types of vegetables, some fruits, and even some meat products, though most of these were dried, salted or cured, to increase their shelf life.
There was a booth with a very attractive young lady who was demonstrating a facial cream made from egg whites and toe-jam. “It’ll make you look ten years younger,” she proudly smiled, while covering an old woman’s face with the emulsion, “once it dries…takes about that long to chisel off.”
Around the corner was a sporting-goods store, with several men out front demonstrating the new sport of ‘horseshoes’. 
“Now, what you want to do is concentrate on your form, see?” one instructor barked out, while slowly swinging a horseshoe backward in his hand. “Pay close attention to your wrist and arm angle, as you wants one continuous, fluid motion.”
He then pulled his arm all the way back, and at the height of his backswing, stopped and said, “And now, you want to make sure you repeat that motion forward. Don’t make the mistake of bending your elbow at this point…remember, one fluid motion…”
He continued the swing, with a slight twist of his wrist at the end. The horseshoe rotated slowly in the air, and landed a few feet away, clanging loudly against a man’s head that was sticking out of the dirt. 
“Ouch!” the head exclaimed, before looking about and saying, “Nice shot, Harold!”
“Thank you, Ed,” Harold the instructor answered. He then turned to the crowd, and finished his seminar. “As you can see…this new sport is exciting and fun, and the injuries are not nearly as severe as ‘bowling for pin-heads’. 
Ed, the man who was buried neck-deep in the dirt agreed, and nodded rapidly, before smiling a toothless grin.
“Got a few kinks to work out for it catches on, I’d say,” Fatty Matty whispered. Olds concurred and they soon continued walking. Before they turned the corner, they heard behind them a noisy clang and a man loudly screech. 
Suddenly, Harold’s voice yelled out, “Oh, sorry, Ed! Hey, did anybody see where that eyeball went?”

*****

Governor Gravy Acklander’s men were on the march to Timbrook. They only numbered eleven, and that was counting the scrawny Dalmatian they had recruited as a mascot.  The men were comprised mainly of Gravy’s henchmen: Rocco, Two-Tone Johnny, Fug Pugly, and Cold Sore, with a few younger recruits to fill out the rest of the troop. The younger men were not eager to join the police force, but after having been strongly encouraged by the fact that they owed Gravy money, they proudly joined, figuring they couldn’t do much anything else with two broken legs and a missing pinkie finger, which was what was threatened to happen to them if they refused. Training everyone was a simple chore, one which Two-Tone provided free of charge. 
“Don’t say nothin’, don’t do nothin’, don’t think nothin’, until I tells ya!” …was pretty much the extent of it. They were all outfitted with a gray chain mail uniform, a sword stolen from off a truck, a tin badge, a pair of snakeskin boots, a firm pat on the back, and a swift kick to the kidneys. Their horses were requisitioned from a local stable but were due back by sundown without acquiring any late fees.
The men rode somberly through the woods and the marshlands along the ‘road to nowhere’. Once past the hog farms, Capt. Two-Tone told everyone to pull their swords out and follow him in. “If any of them scoundrels comes near ya, chop off any of their appendages close enough to chop,” he yelled at them, “But, let me do the talking.”
He lifted his hand high into the air and commanded Ricco to unfurl the banner of the Fouldune Territorial Governor, a bright blue piece of cloth that said, in big yellow letters: 

Fouldune Territorial Police Dept.
“To Provoke and Scourge”

They bravely entered the dark pass through the ridge. A small, thin, fog gently drifted just above the ground. The area smelled like an old dungeon: damp and moldy with just the slightest hint of stale urine and dirty socks. 
As they exited the pass and stared out upon the little hovels and the nearly treeless landscape, they thought at first that the place was deserted. They slowly trotted toward the mayor’s mansion. Something rustled to their left and everyone’s heads turned in that direction. Next, something was heard on the right, and their heads all quickly twisted that way.  Suddenly the mayor’s door opened, and out came Mayor Gristlepuss in all his glory; carrying in his arms a key-shaped object wrapped in aluminum foil. 
“Greetings!” he yowled, with a huge smile upon his face. “Welcome to Timbrook, Gentlemen, “Gateway to the Northwestern Seaboard!”
The men all sat quietly upon their horses, scanning the landscape around them.
Two-Tone, sporting a very nice white football helmet with a broad black stripe down the center, yelled at the mayor’s ball-shaped body, “We’re here to find out who was responsible for the…” he paused briefly, thinking, “…abusements done to our friends.”
The mayor’s eyes rolled about in his head even more than normal. “Abusements?” he asked. “Is that a word?”
Two-Tone frowned and then waved his sword toward the mayor’s circular skull. Gristlepuss loudly gasped and immediately dropped the key into the mud. He lost his balance and fell off his height-enhancing blocks. He lifted one of his spindly arms and spouted up at the horseman, “And I was going to give you the key to the city, too!” 
“I’ll cut you in half if you don’t tell me who is responsible for killing my friend!” Two-Tone screamed out. He inhaled just as a large clod of mud splattered across his facemask.
Before the group of henchmen could react, Farley stood up from a ditch and yelled: “Let the peltings begin!”
Suddenly, every man in the troop was hit with every conceivable object imaginable: Sticks, stones, old chicken bones, rotten eggs, large and small clumps of mud and dirt, fish heads, acorns, corn cobs, large buttons, small buttons, old shoes and boots, pig hooves, rotten fruit, moldy vegetables of every sort, old dentures, hairless rabbit’s feet, various amphibians and lizards, and a formaldehyde-saturated frog. 
Just when the officers thought it couldn’t get any worse, they were immediately inundated by a catapult-full of rather wet, but quite clumpy, sphere of hog manure. They waved their swords about with little effect and a few of the newer recruits squealed like lobsters in a sauna. 
 Fug Pugly and Cold Sore gathered their wits and attempted to charge a nearby ditch, but they were immediately met with a truly horrible onslaught. Old men and women suddenly rose up out of their ditches and flung any manner of jars and pans, pots, and old water bottles at them. One soldier was nearly killed when a chipmunk carcass lodged in his mouth. Another could have sworn he saw a dachshund whiz by his head. 
A few of the troop stayed in close formation, slowly circling about on their horses, but for the most part they just stood there and took the vile bombardment.
Two-Tone called a retreat and the whole horrible mess of horses and men rapidly departed the scene. 
Once outside the pass however, he tried wiping his face off as best he could with a small rag, and then regrouped his men and started back in again for a second charge. As he entered the pass, he screamed: “Those filthy garbage-pickers! Kill them all!” 
Halfway through the pass, with their horses galloping immensely, their swords drawn high, and their mouths all opened wide and screaming, Two-Tone whipped out a large paper funnel and scratchily announced, “No quarter asked and none given! You’ve done pissed us off now!”
Once inside the crater’s rim, the horsemen were again deluged with all manner of filth and garden wastes. A large group of the villagers came straight for the horsemen, brandishing huge pitchforks and tire-irons. The residents screamed bloodthirsty curtain-calls that sounded like a high-pitched auctioneer’s convention. Once the police force got an eyeful of their combatants, most loudly squealed and immediately turned their horses around and evacuated. Those that didn’t immediately flee soon realized their drop in numbers and quickly withdrew as well.
Two-Tone though, still rode through the slippery and despicable slop and entered the center of the village. He tried to yell, but a large chunk of turf hit him squarely in the face, which made him choke and gasp. Slowing to a stop, and coughing and spitting, he was then bombarded unmercifully with all manner of gunk and garbage from all sides. Looking about ―, as best as he could with a large divot of turf lodged in his facemask ― he saw the crowd slowly encircling him, and coming closer and closer. 
It was at that moment that he realized he was utterly alone.

Minutes later, as the rest of the police force rapidly fled back to Fouldune, they heard a horrible scream. Looking up, they saw Two-Tone’s body flailing through the air over their heads and disappearing deep into the swamp. Each rider squawked even louder as they kicked their horses harder.

****

It wasn’t the thunderous hoof beats that told Gravy they were coming, it was the god-awful stench. 
He ran out into the street with a handkerchief over his nose and mouth ― but a thin piece of cloth was no match for the hideous odor. He squinted and began looking around for a bucket. 
“Oh, dear god! What the hell…?” he gasped and heaved up the wonderfully roasted chicken that he had just eaten for lunch. It had certainly tasted a lot better going down then it did coming back up. 
Wiping his eyes, he saw them ― nine forms of mud and muck — and one sparkling, clean Dalmatian — it being the only creature smart enough to leave after the first sign of trouble. 
The horsemen hardly resembled human beings anymore; instead they looked more like some type of mutated human-equine scientific experiment which had gone horribly, horribly wrong. The only thing that wasn’t totally covered in mud, garbage, chicken bones and pieces of pig brains, were their eyes, which peeked out amid the mess like pearly-white, ping-pong balls somehow fastened to huge heaps of crap.
“You…oh, geez…” Gravy tried to talk, but it wasn’t easy, “Dear God! Get…get down to the river and….” He started hacking and his body convulsed. Instead of trying to finish what he wanted to say, he just waved them toward the river and grunted loudly.
Several townspeople grabbed their buckets and ran downriver a little ways, knowing that more than a few fish would be going belly-up within a matter of moments.
Sergeant Woolsely, noticing the smell, spied the troop as they galloped for the river. He took one look at Gravy, who was on his knees and eating mouthfuls of dirt, before the soldier briskly marched into the governor’s office and began filling out the necessary paperwork.
Moments later, Sgt. Woolsely, with requests in hand, called for a rider, “To the Viceroy of Military Affairs in Rottweillor, and be quick about it!” he commanded. 
The rider immediately gave his horse a swift kick and rapidly galloped down the road — with Sgt. Woolsely still holding the note in his out-stretched hand. 
He rolled his eyes and barked out, “I need another rider! On the double!”




Chapter Thireen: Oochie Wah-Wah!


One of the benefits of being the invited guest of the Crown Prince of Cornswallow is the luxurious bathing facilities at Rottweillor Castle, and Olds took full advantage of the accommodations. 
“Do ya just want the bath, an oil rub-down by naked girls, or the ‘Economy Package’,” a rather husky brunette inquired from behind the counter. 
“What comes with the ‘Economy Package’?” Oldsmobill asked.
“Oh, everything but the naked girls, which are extra, as is the ‘happy ending’,” she replied.
Olds settled for the mid-level ‘Holiday Package’ — feeling that being around a bunch of naked girls might get him too excited for his hot date, or left feeling a bit drained.
He started off with a relaxing dip in a tub of hot mud, with two cucumber slices upon his eyes. This was followed by an excruciatingly cold shower-down by a cackling old woman with a garden hose.
He next spent an hour in a steam sauna, with eucalyptus leaves and exotic moisturizers, accompanied only by a guest-services lady doing a load of dry-cleaning. After that, it was back to the old hag with the garden hose again.
He was next bathed in a large tub of fresh buttermilk, sprinkled with rose petals. Two very fine young women scrubbed his back and legs but kept reminding him that if he wanted them to take off their full-length Haz-Mat suits, then he was going to have to pay for an upgrade.
After that, it was back to the witch with the garden hose again. She squinted her eyes as she sprayed him down. “Little turtle don’t like the cold water, do he?” she said, before starting to cackle even louder. 
Finally, he was able to enjoy a very nice hot bath, with little strawberry and mint soaps shaped like famous Presidents. He washed his torso with Millard Fillmore, and his face with John Quincy Adams; he did his legs with Andrew Jackson, and his naughty bits with William Howard Taft, mainly because he never agreed with his trade policies.
Olds wrapped himself with several warm towels when finished, but felt uncomfortable with the leering old man in a trench coat that handed them out. 
Once outside of the beautifully decorated room, he headed to the massage station, but was ambushed in the hall by the old bat with the garden hose. He immediately decided to forfeit the last part of the package and run straight to his room.
The air was crisp that evening, and large clouds were slowly moving in from the west. Olds arrived early at the bar and ordered a gin and tonic. He was very handsome-looking that night, and a couple of barmaids stood in the corner and whispered about him to one another. He was wearing a black, loose-fitting shirt, with large bronze buttons down the front, along with the standard issue tan, leather jerkins, and of course, his scratched-up silvery boots. His hair was slicked back, held in place by a dab of eucalyptus oil that he snatched from the bath house, and since his locks had not been touched-up lately, they were beginning to show a few, subtle brown streaks, which was his hair’s natural color. 
He sipped on his drink, when he felt someone sit next to him at the bar.
“Hello handsome…‘ruff’.” It was Matilda, of course, with her trademarked bark. Olds laughed and they hugged for a second, after which Olds presented her with a small bouquet of flowers. She smiled with true surprise and affection and gave him a peck on the check. “Thank you, my prince,” she whispered.
“Flowers for a beautiful butterfly,” he smiled and cooed. He was quite pleased with that line. It had taken him all day to think of it.
They left the bar and walked down the hall to the restaurant, which had just received four stars in Hamlet Winnebago’s ‘Guide to Fine Dining and Popular Troughs’. 
A man who hopped like a bunny led them to their table. It was a splendid little booth overlooking the main street of Rottweillor City. To the south were the docks and to the east, up a slight incline, was the castle. The sun was still angling in from above the western mountain range. A small lantern hung above their heads and cast them both in a glow of golden light.
Matilda looked stunning. Her long brown hair was laced around a small hat with a chiffon scarf that softly touched her bare shoulders and elegant neck. The thin fabric subtly framed her face with a light orange hue. She wore a strapless dress of the same color that allowed just a modest line of cleavage to show below the golden pendant of a necklace. A thin, chiffon wrap slightly covered her upper half. The dress came down to her ankles exposing a small golden anklet and a pair of low-heeled pumps.
Her face glowed in the combination of the sun’s rays and the torchlight, and Oldsmobill had a very difficult time looking away from her, so much so, that every time she looked at him, he seemed to be staring at her, so he made himself look away, just so he wouldn’t freak her out. 
Finally, he confessed. “Pardon me for staring,” he said, “But you look absolutely radiant.”
She smiled and blushed. “You are very handsome tonight yourself,” she replied, and then laughed, “I’m glad I asked you out.”
The waiter came by within a few seconds, “Good evening, friends and possible enemies, welcome to the Convention Center Restaurant, which is much, much better than that lousy fast food joint across town, and we use real meat, not some painted cardboard substitute, so there!” He smiled brightly and straightened the lapels of his baby blue tuxedo. He ran his hand down the front of the complimentary ruffled shirt and bowed slightly. 
He handed them both a menu and took drink requests. After a glance over at Matilda, Olds ordered a half-cask of their finest wine.
“Oh, we have a very fine red wine, imported all the way from Norway…a country not known for their wine, I know, but…heh, you take what you can get, no?”
“That sounds very nice,” Olds replied.
“It is, my fine fellow! It tastes like grape jellybeans and hits like a Viking warlord. Oochie-wah-wah!” The waiter clicked his heels, swiveled his head a bit, and then stormed off.
Matilda giggled while Olds looked slightly dazed. 
“You know,” he said, “I’ve met some of the strangest people in the world on this adventure.” He shrugged and checked out the menu.
Matilda lightly pulled the top of his menu down and peered at him with a slightly concerned look on her face. “I just wanted to apologize, for my behavior last night. I mean…well…” she laughed and momentarily looked away, “…not all of it, but, anyway, I just wanted you to know that I’m not really like that.” 
“What?” Olds chuckled, “You don’t often go into dockside bars and molest total strangers?” He closed his menu and said, “Hmmpf, and here I was hoping I could get you drunk and you’d do it again.”
She faked a pout, and then joined him in laughing. 
“Well, I just…heh…I just got carried away I guess,” she lilted, before timidly looking away again. 
“Personally, I find the drunken make-out to be one of life’s magnificent surprises.” 
“Oldsmobill, you’re such a cad!” 
“Yes, which certainly taints my opinion on the whole matter, I must admit.” 
The waiter returned with the cask of wine and poured two goblets for his guests. “Now, how may I ask this…oh, I know! May I take your orders?”
“I’ll have the kidney pie with mushroom sauce,” Matilda answered, “and the vegetable medley.”
“Would you like some fried lamb ears to go with that?” he smugly asked.
“No, thank you.” 
“Very well, suit yourself, how about you, my fine fellow?” he asked, turning to Olds.
“I’ll have the prime rib and a bowl of macaroni and cheese.” 
“Very well, are you both sure you wouldn’t want some fried lamb’s ears, they are very tasty and we have a ton of them in the back?” the waiter asked, swiveling his head again.
“No thanks,” Olds replied.
“Well, okay…I’ll tell them in the kitchen, but they’re not going to be too happy about that,” he stated plainly and then stormed off again.
“So, Olds-mo-bill,” Matilda playfully asked, “How were you able to have that wonderful suite in the castle?”
“Oh, I know Prince Vespius, well, somewhat.” 
“Really? And you work for him or…?”
“No, well, I guess I’m like an advisor or something. I mean, I only met him a few days ago, and I have some information, or like, know a location of, well, I…” He saw that she was looking upon him with suspicion and disbelief. She then snickered.
“Okay, you certainly cleared that up for me, thank you,” she sarcastically replied.
Olds laughed and began to speak softly, leaning towards her, which made him loose his concentration for a few seconds, “It’s a long story, but basically I know where these three sisters live that could possibly lead Vespius to a highly prized…artifact…that he really wants. So, he wanted me to stay here until he returns from Walder.”
“What type of artifact?”
Olds looked round, and thought for a second, before answering, “It’s a large rock, that some have called the Vision Stone.”
Matilda slowly nodded her head. “I’ve heard of that. Wasn’t that the stone that turned Vas Deferen into a vegetable side dish?”
“That’s it.” Olds answered.
“Oh,” she replied, and then frowned a little, “So, you know where this stone is, and you’re going to show Vespius the location?”
“No.” 
“No? But, you just…”
“No, that’s what he wants me to do. But, I’m not going to reveal anything more to him.” Olds spoke in a near whisper while fiddling with the eating utensils.
“You don’t trust Vespius?” Matilda asked, now staring attentively at Oldsmobill and he soon returned the look. Both were asking, in their own subtle way, how much could they trust one another. Olds looked into her eyes, and took a gamble.
“Let me show you something. Now, don’t look right away…and be very casual about it…but over my right shoulder…is a man in a doorway, wearing a hood.” 
Matilda slowly moved her head to the left and saw the man sitting down inside a darkened doorway. She whispered, “Yes. I see him.”
“That man has been following me since I arrived, and I’m sure that he works for Vespius.” Olds rubbed his fingers through his slick hair. “So, the answer to your question is ‘no’…I don’t trust Vespius.”
Matilda leaned back, and tried to change her concerned look by making a brief smile appear. 
The waiter soon arrived and placed several large plates of hot food in front of the two, he next ground a little pepper on Matilda’s plate, and leeringly stared at her cleavage, until Olds’ boot connected with his shin.
“Oh!” he yelped, but then quickly recovered, “…My! I forgot to bring the catsup. Be right back.” He briskly limped back to the kitchen.
Oldsmobill frowned, but casually smiled Matilda’s way. She hummed with delight after the first bite of her kidney pie, and after asking if Olds wanted a spoonful, spoke plainly.
“Well, my prince, I am glad to hear that you’re not cooperating with Vespius. Truth is, he can’t be trusted.” She slowly put her fork down and reached over and softly took Olds’ hand, whispering: “Watch your back, if you have information that he wants, he may be nice if he thinks that’ll accomplish his goal, but if it doesn’t, he’ll do whatever it takes.” She gave him the most serious look he had yet to see upon her face. “He’ll do…whatever…it…takes, you understand?”
Olds sat in silence, staring back her, admiring her more with each moment. “I know,” he whispered. He then leaned over the table and gave her a peck on the lips.
They continued to eat and talk. Matilda told Olds of her job and how she had met with Queen Saline of Valdorlok, just before her and her coworkers were sent to Rottweillor to work out trade negotiations. She then told him, with a very sad and hesitant voice, that she and her coworkers were all leaving tomorrow around noon. 
“Are you coming back?” Olds asked.
Matilda now stared at her plate. “Not for a while, I’m afraid.” She gradually looked up and asked, “Are you planning on visiting Valdorlok soon?”
Olds looked deeply into her questioning eyes. He smiled, “Well, it seems…now I certainly have a reason to… 
She leaned over the table and gave him a peck on the lips. “I’m going to hold you to that, Olds-mo-bill!”
Matilda described how beautiful Valdorlok was, and how he should come and let her show him the majestic temples and churches and the magnificent monastery there. She would give him a tour of the castle, and perhaps even meet Queen Saline. Matilda started to describe her queen ― how majestic and commanding a figure she was. 
“Soon, they will marry,” she said matter-of-factly.
“Who?” Olds had an idea of whom she was talking about, but he couldn’t believe it.
“Queen Saline and Prince Vespius.”
He wiped his mouth on the napkin, took a drink of the wine and leaned back in his chair. “No way,” he exclaimed.
Matilda laughed. “Yes. I would guess within the next few months. It was all arranged years ago by King Hector and King Pavlov of Valdorlok. Of course, now that Hector is sick, that kind of postponed it, until they see how he does. But, it’s inevitable.”
Olds looked about, suddenly losing his appetite. “But, that will give Vespius control of Valdorlok, and the gate and…”
Matilda leaned back, took a sip of wine and frowned slightly. “Yes.”
“He’ll have control over the entire region then…”
“Yes.”
“Not just this region, but the areas downriver, he could hold those kingdoms hostage…”
“Yes.”
“He could get them to do anything he wants by simply threatening the trade routes, the Mea Culpa, the Roman roads…”
“Yes.”
Olds silently stared at the castle walls. Matilda looked in that direction as well.
“That’s why I’m here,” she said, “to get some type of agreement…something in writing that could guarantee he wouldn’t do that. We worked out a compromise that establishes another branch of bureaucracy, but it was all that we could acquire. Queen Saline is very, very worried about this. But, what can she do? If she breaks off the engagement, Vespius may declare war on Valdorlok, and with our constant struggles against the barbarian attacks, our resources are dwindling. Valdorlok would soon fall anyway.”
Olds leaned across his plate, clutching his hands together and lightly tapping his lips. “Maybe Vespius already knows what’s going to happen.”
“What do you mean?”
“He has these writings by a Bishop Lamprey, who touched the stone and sees these visions of the past and the present and the future, Vespius has poured over these writings, that is how he knew my name, it was mentioned by Lamprey.” Oldsmobill tried to think through all the connections, trying to figure out what Vespius’ primary objective was. 
“He wants power, Oldsmobill, the more the better,” Matilda whispered.
“And if he obtains the linchpin of Valdorlok,” Olds now rubbed the light brown hairs on his chin, “And the stone…who will be able to stop him?”

*****

“Hush.”
“Lounging now, in this deathly bed of my own harvesting, I am still quick, but yet, slow to know.” 
King Hector stared vacantly at the wall. His eyes glazed over in a dewy film. Little bubbles formed in the corners of his mouth. Tiny specks of dust floated around him. Tiny molecules revolved in the crisp air around him and were sent drifting away with each feeble breath.
“What am I?” he whispered. “Am I who I am, or who I was, or who I am to be?” Sweat formed on his brow, slowly squeezed out of tiny pores from little sacs in the epidermis. “Asah, asah…” he gasped. Tiny corpuscles flittered underneath his fleshy prison. Tiny flakes drifted in the air as his dull flesh sloughed off another layer of skin. 
“What?” he muttered, “My eyes are now opened wide, to the poison that continues to course inside, down thin arteries and pumped around, by that organ-machine that never drowns. It has one job, and only one: keep pumping, keep pumping, so that the blood may run. It does not care that it carries it through, my arms and legs, and bathes my brain in it, too. It does not care, sad little machine. Its job is to keep me living, but it is unfortunately…slowly…killing me. It does not care, until its job is through, that I am already dead, and soon, it will be, too.
“I cannot feel my past through this thick, rubbery skin, I cannot feel the present, or when my future will begin. My eyes can’t see, my ears can’t hear, the distant sounds are all muffled here, and I’m looking through the gauzy lens of what came and went. Through the blurred lens, smeared by fate’s cruel thumbprint, but my eyes won’t emit any tears. No salty drops for me, it seems. My skin is my prison. This nightmare, this dream, this spinning world, which continues to revolve…and evolve…without me.
“I was once so young and strong. I ruled the masses and the rebellious throngs. I carried my sword into battle and did wage, such bloodshed and conquerings, which only seemed to fuel my inner rage. But I was no tyrant, ask my people, they’ll say, I was as just as any man who ruled this lawless age. But, my ambition was not enough for him, and he imprisoned me within…within…within my own skin.
“I know his name, but I dare not breathe it from my lungs. This deceit and betrayal. This treachery…that has slowly silenced my tongue.”

*****

After a fine dinner, and a slightly lighter conversation, Oldsmobill and Matilda walked hand in hand to the castle. He carried a small jug of wine, which he purchased ‘to go’, and they laughed along the street and among the stone walls. 
Once inside his room, they made themselves comfortable, and playfully joked with each other and told brief synopses of their recent adventures. Olds told her of Master Bates and the three witches and his years of training afterward. 
Matilda then told him her story ― how she was born and raised in Valdorlok, and had gone to the same academy as Queen Saline Delecroix, how she had been working for the Ministry of Trade for several years now, hopefully working her way up to being a high ranking official in Saline’s Court.
The sun was just beginning to fade behind the western mountains and after a bit of making-out, they told each other a few jokes, and Olds talked of Cap’n Kidneybean, and Sloop, and Ishmael, and quite a bit about Johann. 
After telling her of his adventures on the river, she suddenly gave him a little peck on the cheek. Olds smiled in response.
“Have you ever realized,” he asked softly, “That a kiss is not a kiss without the little sound at the end?”
“What?” Matilda replied, with a laugh.
“Y’know. That little ‘kiss sound’ we make with our lips.”
“What, like this?” She made a light ‘smack’ sound with her pursed lips.
“Yes,” he replied. “Here, kiss me again, and don’t make the little sound.”
Matilda grinned, then composed herself, and touched her lips to Olds’ cheek. She then smacked. “I’m sorry, I can’t do it without the sound. Let me try again.”
Once more she kissed him, this time on his lips, but made no sound. “Oh, that’s weird,” she chuckled.
“See, it is.” Olds replied and they touched their lips together again, and released without the ‘smack.’
“It’s not really a kiss without the sound effects,” she chuckled.
Olds frowned a little and asked, “I wonder why that is?”
“I don’t know, some remnant from our ancestors, perhaps?” She sipped her wine and glanced out the window. “Strange thing, the past, how some things are just handed down. They’re so much a part of us, that we just take them for granted.” She looked back to Olds who was staring into his cup. 
“We take whom we are for granted, I think,” he muttered. He sipped his wine slowly and looked at Matilda above the rim. 
“But, what about your childhood, my prince? You haven’t spoken much of that. I’ve never been to Pooch, is it a nice place?”
Olds’ expression changed quickly. His face became forlorn and he looked away. “My father and mother were good people. Hard workers. We had a little farm just outside the city.” Olds looked up and into Matilda’s eyes. “Lord Vacuous took power over the region and rebelled against King Piddy. We were no longer subjects at that point, but slaves.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Olds,” Matilda whispered. She gently touched his jaw. “I didn’t mean to bring up bad memories.”
Olds blinked and then lightly smiled. “It’s a part of me. A sad part. I lost my family and most of my childhood to that…that despot…I don’t talk about it much, but deep down, it is always with me.”
“You seemed to have overcome it.”
Olds looked down again and spoke softly, “No, I haven’t overcome it, just…kept it hidden. I try to keep myself looking forward, y’know? This quest…all the training…it has kept me preoccupied.”
Matilda leaned over and kissed his brow. Olds exhaled a contented sigh. “I have seen glimpses of the future, and some of what I saw was quite horrific. I don’t know if I can actually change any of that from happening, but, well…” He lifted his eyes and stared upon Matilda’s beautiful face, “…I just feel like I have to at least try. Even if it means that I will eventually fail, I have to try, right? Surely, there must be some reason I made it through all that alive…when my parents, and so many others didn’t. There must be some reason I was given a glimpse into the future.” Olds sighed again, and nervously tugged at his little goatee. “I feel like I was meant to do this, but I don’t know if I can.”  
She smiled and kissed him again, this time on the lips. Her eyes were filled with something more than the reflected candlelight. “Sometimes, your confidence wanes, doesn’t it?”
“Yes. It’s just…I ask myself, is this real? I mean, maybe I’m just wasting my time. Maybe all this is…dumb?”
“Dumb?”
“Yea. I mean, who am I to be called to do a quest? What makes me so special? Sure, I’ve had some training in the military, but I’m no warrior…and the truth is that I have no leadership skills of any kind.” Olds stared into Matilda’s eyes. “Sometimes…I just don’t see why I’ve been chosen to do all of this.”
“We all have our mission in life, Olds,” she smiled and glanced again out the window. “We turn them into dreams and goals and aspirations, but we all know deep down what we have to do.”
“Yea, but I doubt mine constantly. I want to believe, I really do, but…”
“Really?” Matilda leaned forward slightly and gently placed her hand upon his. “Well, what else would you do?”
“I don’t know, maybe become a blacksmith, or a woodwright. Maybe live a normal life without all these…these…”
“Dreams?” she answered. “What is a quest, my prince? But a dream?” She smiled and leaned back. “If you don’t try to make that dream into reality…wouldn’t you always wonder about what might have been? Wouldn’t you always question that decision as well?”
 “And if I do fail?” he asked. He had never asked anyone else that question. He had thought it many times, but always kept the doubt deeply hidden. A few hours with Matilda had made him finally take off his brave facemask.
She looked into his eyes and then kissed him. “The same thing you would do if you had succeeded. You will look to the future, and inside yourself…and you will find your next aspiration, and subsequently, your next quest.”
“Yea, but…the thing is…this adventure is so unbelievably strange!” He laughed at the remark, and Matilda soon joined in.
“Well, just about everything that happens on this planet is weird in one way or another. Look at human history. Ha! Look at kissing,” she loudly laughed, “Olds, as you know full well, it’s all about how you look at it.”
Olds joined her in laughing. He reached over for the cask and realized it was almost empty. “We’re out of wine,” he said, pouring the last few drops into her goblet.
“Oh,” she teasingly replied, “Just when I was getting ready to drag you back down to the docks, too.”
Olds leapt from the bed, which the two had been lounging on, and said, “I’ll run down to the kitchen and pick up a jug.”
“Ah, the life of royalty!” Matilda exclaimed. 
Olds bent down and kissed her, and after he made a breathy smacking sound, was about to leave when she grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him back to her again. A very passionate kissed ensued, so much so, that Oldsmobill muttered, “Forget the wine…”
They both hugged, and Matilda laughed, “No,” she mockingly said, “You’re still not tipsy enough for me to take advantage of you yet.”
They both laughed.
“Besides,” she added, “I want to hear the rest about this town of Timbrook.”
Olds frowned mischievously, “Well, alright, but first, I want you to know one thing…”
“What is that, my prince?”
“That the only reason I didn’t retaliate was because I felt sorry for the lil’ buggers,” he laughed. 
Matilda mockingly frowned, holding her chin high and imitating a strong warrior type. She then grunted like an ape, smiled, and and looked upon him with her large, dazzling eyes.
“Please, hurry back.” She sighed, and kissed him again.
“You bet.”


Oldsmobill’s socks slowly slipped and glided down the hall. The castle was very quiet that evening. With Vespius gone, there weren’t any feasts in the great hall or soldiers on patrol. Just a couple of sleepy-eyed guards stationed near the entrance to the royal wing of the castle.
Olds crept down into the kitchen area. An orange glow filled the room from the dying embers of the large fire pit. He shuffled about on the cold stone floor and finally found a cupboard with a few jugs of wine. As he was turning to go, he saw that the concealed door he had seen Algebra come through was slightly ajar, and after looking around the kitchen area like an inexperienced shoplifter, he crept over to it. 
Inside was a cramped, stone staircase that went up into the darkness. He figured this must be some type of servant’s entrance up to the royal wing of the castle. He then began to wonder if he could get into Vespius’ room from the stairwell, and if successful, maybe find out what Vespius knew about him, or perhaps what the crown prince was planning.
He looked back at the door to the kitchen and thought of Matilda…yes, it was a tough decision…but he might never get a chance like this again. But then, he thought, he might never get another chance with Matilda, since she was leaving in the morning. Next, he thought, discovering the Vespius’ secrets might save his own life, or the future of the entire area. But, on the other hand, Matilda was waiting in his room and…
He shook his head rapidly, lit a small torch on the wall with the embers of the oven and slowly traipsed up the stairwell. His final conclusion was to try and do both.
At the top of the stairs was a wooden door with a small peephole. Olds slowly tried the handle, which turned easily, with only a slight bit of squeaking. He laid the torch down on the stone stairs behind him and slowly stuck his head into the darkened room.
There, on a bed, illuminated by the light of the moon through a large window, was the one called Algebra, snoring loudly. Next to him was a half-dressed woman; one leg under the sheets while the other was dangling near the floor. The room reeked of an odor unfamiliar to Oldsmobill, and as his eyes adjusted to the dim light, he saw beside the bed, a small table with a bowl containing some type of dark liquid. Scattered on the table around the bowl were spoons and rags.
He slowly slid himself against the wall and noticed another table, which he nearly ran into. A shallow dish sat on the top, full of the same liquid. He moved his eyes closer and saw that the liquid was actually a dark orange in color. Floating in the pool were two halves of a cantaloupe. The fluid stank, like stale beer, or moose urine, but Olds knew it wasn’t either of those substances.
He continued his journey along the wall, and spotted a door just a few feet away. His back was now against a large tapestry, and he suddenly noticed that on a large couch in the far corner, slept another woman, with dark black hair and dark rings under her eyes. Her arm lay languid over the side of the couch, and next to her hand on the floor were a small bowl, and an orange-tipped spoon.
He made his way to the door, stopping several times, and once, even dropped to his knees, when Algebra briefly stirred in his sleep. The woman next to him moaned faintly and turned on her side. Olds now slowly slid the peephole on the door and peered into another dark room. 
Gingerly, he slowly turned the handle and slipped inside. He was startled at first, for he thought the old man on the bed was staring right at him. Olds froze, but then noticed that the man was actually staring up above him. As he slowly crept toward the figure, he knew this was King Hector Cornswallow, for just above the bed was a large plaque with the House of Cornswallow Royal Seal, as well as a smaller sign just below it, which said: “It’s Good to be King!” 
Olds stood right next to the bed and looked upon the tragic figure. The king’s eyes never moved or even blinked. A watery glaze covered them and a small trail of tears slowly ran down his cheek. His mouth was agape. 
Oldsmobill leaned in and spied an orange stain on the king’s teeth. He nervously, but gently pulled the king’s bottom lip out just a little, and observed the orange discoloration on the inner flesh of his lip and gums. He softly withdrew his fingers and stared at the king’s sad face.
He remembered a potion that Master Bates had once told him about, an elixir that was made from a flower that was very rare and only grew on the slopes of a mountain far to the southeast. When processed properly and ingested, the elixir caused a feeling of euphoria, followed closely by delusions and drowsiness. His mentor warned him that it was highly addictive though, and ruined many a man’s life. It was also very dangerous due to its toxicity, and if not watered down enough, would lead to a coma-like state, or worse, death.
Olds pulled a towel off of a nearby table and carried it with him as he approached another door. Slowly sliding open the peephole, he saw that it was a hallway, with a small sitting area. Two guards sat on the floor, their backs propped up against the wall. Both were sound asleep.
He then went to another door, but the peephole in it wouldn’t open, and the door itself was locked. ‘This must be Vespius’ room,’ he thought. He stood there a minute, trying to figure a way to open it, but with two guards just a few feet away, he decided it best to leave the same way he came. 
He slowly returned through Algebra’s room, and softly dipped the tip of the towel in the dish by the door. He then silently passed through the door to the stairwell, retrieved the extinguished torch, and made his way back through the kitchen and up to his room.

Matilda was a beautiful sight lying on his bed, the moon glowed through the window and she appeared to be made of porcelain. She was fast asleep and purring like an asthmatic kitten. 
He softly laid a sheet on top of her and climbed into the bed. After a few moments, she curled up next to him and laid her head upon his shoulder. Oldsmobill stared up at the ceiling. 
His original instincts were right. Crown Prince Vespius could not be trusted. Oldsmobill glanced around the room at the beautiful furniture and exquisite tapestries on the wall. He closed his eyes and breathed deep. The man that possibly saved his life at the Carbuckle docks, and furnished him with the clothes he wore and the money he spent, and allowed him to stay in this room, this same man, the one who had called him ‘friend’ — was having his own father poisoned.

The next morning, Olds snuck out of bed and ran down to the castle’s kitchen and was given a large basket full of breakfast items. The lady with the rosy cheeks exclaimed, “Oh, we’a fatten you’a up so good’a, you momma won’a even recognize’a you!”
Once back at his room, he softly woke Matilda and they had a very hearty breakfast. The first course was sweet rolls with jam and jellies. The second was a few scrambled eggs and a few strips of bacon, and then they had some hash browns with biscuits and butter. For dessert, they had sex.
They spent the rest of the morning walking together through the market, Matilda bought a few souvenirs including a glass sphere, which had a tiny model of Rottweillor Castle, and when shaken, looked as if it was snowing. She also bought a tee shirt that said: “I’ve been to Rottweillor…and it ain’t all that!” 
They then went back to her hotel room, where Olds sat in a comfy chair while she finished her packing. He apologized for his delay in getting back to the room the night before, and then descibed what he saw in the royal wing of the castle. She gasped when he told her of his suspicions.
“Vespius is poisoning King Hector?” 
“Yes. I saw the stain from the toxin inside the king’s lip. I remember some details about this drug, but I need to head north, to Allegoria, to get more information from an old friend.” Oldsmobill then rose and softly held her shoulders. “Listen, I don’t want you to get involved in this,” he whispered.
“Maybe, but I am already involved.” Matilda softly replied, “I have to tell my queen. The truth is that she probably already suspects this, but I don’t know. Olds, you must come to Valdorlok, and explain all of this to her.”
“This could all lead to war, if she breaks the engagement. I must see my master and learn more of this poison, as well as warn him and the three sisters…of course, they may already be aware of all this…I don’t know.”
Matilda wrapped her arms around him and placed her head upon his shoulders. “Please be careful,” she whispered.

He walked her to the carriage, and met her coworkers from the Trade Ministry. Some looked like they had spent another night out partying, while others were quite somber. Their mission to try and place roadblocks in the way of Vespius’ grab of power was, for the most part, unsuccessful. If, upon his marriage to Queen Saline, he attempted to totally control the Kingdom of Valdorlok, his huge army would have far more to say in the matter than a few more laws on the books ever would.
Matilda and Oldsmobill hugged beside the carriage and she softly whispered into his ear, “Oldsmobill, promise me again that you’ll be careful.”
“Of course, I will.”
“Watch your back, my prince, I truly wish to see you again.”
“You will, my butterfly…I can assure you of that.” He smiled, and then they kissed, and afterward she lightly stepped aboard the carriage.
The driver grabbed the reins of the team of four horses and motioned to the two armed horsemen that would accompany them on their trip to Valdorlok. 
Matilda leaned out the window and asked, “I will see you soon?”
Olds nodded yes.
“Then farewell my handsome prince, take care of yourself.” She shook her finger at him with a playful frown.
“Goodbye…my butterfly.” 
“Ruff,” she meekly barked, trying her best to keep her composure. She waved and soon was gone.
Oldsmobill stood there until the carriage disappeared over the hill. He wondered if he ever would really get the chance to see her again. 

*****

The Governor of the Fouldune Territory was making his way along the street to his office, accompanied by Rico and Fug Pugly. 
A search party looking for Two-Tone Johnny ― or at least his body― had left hours ago, but had not yet returned.
 As they bounded around the corner they saw a lone man dressed in black, standing near the building. His head was slightly bowed. His face concealed beneath a large black hood. His black cloak billowed in the wind.
Gravy’s two henchmen approached the figure. A strong breeze opened the man’s cloak, exposing a pair of black shoulder straps that crossed his chest and connected to his belt. Each strap held four small daggers. 
They stopped and unsheathed their swords, until they heard Gravy laughing. He walked right past them toward the dark figure. 
“Put ‘em away boys…won’t do you no good anyway.” The governor laughed. He opened his arms as he approached the dark figure and said, “Hello, old friend.”
The man pulled the hood from his head and stared intensely at Gravy. “Where’s my father?” he sneered.
“Safe and well.”
“Where’s my father?”
Gravy stopped and pointed at the Town Center building. “Inside,” he derisively declared.
The man ruffled his cloak and immediately ran inside the building. Gravy slowly followed him.
“Let him out of this cage or so help me!” The shadowy figure screamed. The imprisoned old man clapped and yelped.
“I will.”
“Now!”
Gravy leaned against his desk as if he didn’t have a care in the world. Truth was, he was enjoying himself for the first time in over a week. 
“Very soon.” He smiled in a sinister fashion. Before he blinked, a dagger was at his neck. Rico ran in but Gravy slowly raised his hand and the underling stopped just inside the door, his sword drawn.
“Don’t worry, Rico.” Gravy sneered, “Mr. Slocumb here, he won’t kill me, not yet. Will you?”
“Why shouldn’t I?” he asked in a disturbing whisper. Gravy swallowed and his Adam’s apple danced above the blade.
“Because I have your mother and your sister in my custody as well, and if you don’t wish your whole family to die tonight, well, you had better put the knife away and listen to my little proposition.” Gravy slowly grinned. A whispery laugh broke between his lips.
Mr. Slocumb, also known as ‘Pitch’, slowly withdrew the blade and leaned away from the governor. “He is an old man…and not able…to comprehend what is happening…” Slocumb’s face was filled with anger. “If you so much as…”
Gravy laughed his hearty laugh. “They are quite well, and except for the inconvenience of being confined to a local farmhouse, in fairly good spirits, so I’ve been told. I only put yer senile father in here so that when you finally arrived, you would see that I wasn’t joking.”
“Let him out! Now!” 
“All in good time,” Gravy countered as he walked past Mr. Slocumb and lightly bumped his shoulder with his own. When he passed the cage he lightly tapped on the top, and the old man inside slowly recoiled.
“I have a job for you,” Gravy hissed.
“I don’t work for you anymore.” 
Gravy sighed and repeated, “I have a job for you. You are the only man I can trust to perform this job. You’re the only man I know who can do it.”
Slocumb leaned over the desk and loudly sneered, “I don’t work for you anymore!”
The Governor smiled and looked upon the cage holding the elderly man, “Oh, I think you do…”
Slocumb’s mouth dropped open a little more. He stared at his father in the cage and breathed deeply. “I don’t do that…sort of thing anymore… believe it or not.” His head slowly bowed, his voice became lower, “I’m just a quiet farmer now…I got about an acre or so up north, nothing special.” He looked straight at Gravy and breathed another heavy breath. “I haven’t worn these clothes for over four years now.”
Pitch gazed over at his father again. The old man whimpered. Gravy started laughing.
“Well, my boy, there are some things that don’t get rusty with age, and one of those is killin’.” He leaned upon the desk and smiled at Pitch. “it a be a shame to waste such a fine outfit.” He added before continuing to laugh. His voice then turned deadly serious. “There was a married couple that once owned a shop here, they specialized in furs and stuffed animals…”
“Matters?” Pitch looked up with a puzzled expression on his face.
“Yes. I was hoping you’d remember them…then you should have no trouble identifying them and…” The Governor cocked his head to the right. Pitch still stared at him, the puzzlement on his face only growing more intense.
“…Kill them both.”
“Matters?”
“Harv and Delores,” Rico added from behind.
“But, why?” Pitch asked.
“They killed Slack, and were involved in my son’s death as well,” Gravy growled. He then started to walk around the side of the desk, tapping the cage again as he passed. “They also killed Fat Tony, near the Valdorlok Bridge.” 
“Harv Matters? Are you sure about all this, I mean, I don’t remember him being that type of person…and you say he killed Slack? What the hell is happening around here?”
“It’s been a rough week,” Gravy replied.
Pitch looked round the room. He ran his fingers across the stubbly black beard above his jaw and whispered: “Harv Matters?”
“Listen, your job is to go to Valdorlok, and find them and kill them. If they’ve gone further than that, then your job is to find them and kill them. If it takes days, weeks or months…your job is to find them and kill them. Understand?” Gravy was growing angrier now, his face starting to turn red.
“I want their bodies brought here, alive if possible, but as I’ve said before, not necessary. If not their bodies, then their heads! Understand?!” He was breathing heavy now, slowly working himself up in a fever for blood. “If successful, you’ll be paid handsomely, as well as guaranteeing the freedom of your family, if unsuccessful, well…”
He then gave the cage a back kick, which caused the Slocumb’s father to squawk loudly, and for Slocumb to impulsively take a step towards him.
“Understand?” Gravy yelled out.
Slocumb slowly looked into Gravy’s eyes, and then moved right up to his face. With only inches separating them, he whispered: “I’ll do this, and when my family is safely out of your clutches…I’ll come back here and gut you like a pig.” He then turned and adjusted his cloak and stormed out of the door.
Gravy started laughing and ran outside. “I look forward to that Pitch! We have an old score to settle.”
Pitch was already on his horse. He stirred the beast near the governor ― kicking up large clods of dirt and causing the horse to loudly nay and snort. “Release him now, or I’ll kill you and everyone that knows you, bastard!” he screamed in a roaring, desperate voice.
His horse rose up, and he began to yell to everyone that was on the streets and in the nearby shops. “You want me to start this business once more, so be it, but remember, I may not be able to stop…”
His horse quickly turned and before anyone around could move, a silver dagger flew right past Gravy’s head and into the wood awning of the door.
“…Until I get sick of killing, again.”
With a loud ‘Haw!’ he kicked his horse into a full gallop and down the road to Valdorlok he went.
Gravy stood and watched him go, not moving. Inside his head he had a slight feeling that he had made a mistake enlisting what was the most notorious assassin around, and making him travel down an old road he had sworn to leave behind. He looked back at the dagger in the awning, the sound of the blade flying by him still echoing in his ears. He swallowed hard, but didn’t want to show his concern to the gathered henchman and onlookers.
‘That same sound may very well be the last sound I ever hear’, he thought.

*****

Fatty Matty was sitting at the dockside bar and slowly drinking ale. He was in an argument with a grizzled old sailor, whose name was Similack.
“Yes, but it’s absolutely impossible for a giant arthropod to exist on the earth because of gravity…”
Similack forcefully sat his carafe down upon the bar and yelled out: “I’m telling you that spider was at least thirty foot high!”
“It’s impossible, there’s no way it could support its own weight.”
“It was magic!”
“Bah!” Fatty pursed his thin lips and looked around the bar while thinking. His eyes were fairly small, and somewhat squinty, and his hair was dark and curly. It seemed that he always had a stubbly beard, for he was never seen clean shaven, but on the other hand, his beard never seemed to grow much longer and become thicker. People who had been on long river voyages with him wondered a great deal about how he accomplished this feat. 
He always wore a dark green stocking cap, regardless of the weather.
In walked Oldsmobill, still feeling a little down, but after spotting Fatty, he sat next to him at the bar. The bartender, a husky, blonde woman by the name of Tastee took his order and poured a pint of ale for him.
“Hey’a Olds, how’s it hangin’?” Fatty Matty cheerfully asked.
“Normally, I guess,” Olds responded.
“Cap’n Kidneybean and Sloop are loading up a shipment of beans, and wheat, and such, down at the docks.” 
“Where’s Ishmael?” 
“Don’t know, last I saw him he was sitting in a corner of the restaurant that we had lunch at.” Fatty laughed, “We forgot all about him until we got down here to the docks. He might still be there for all we know. Gnawing on a potato or somethin’.”
Olds modestly laughed. “When’s the Cap’n leaving?”
“Heading down to Huckabuck this evening. He’s got a couple of more guys to help him with the poles…little harder going in the other direction and against the current.” 
“You going?” Olds asked.
“Naw, was goin’ too, but after spending time with the Cap’n…” he leaned a bit closer to Olds, “I realized how annoying that whole ‘aargh’ thing is.” He laughed, and so did Olds.
“Yeah,” he replied, “I know exactly what you mean.”
Similack asked Tastee for another refill, and quickly told Olds and Matty, “There’s another boat heading for Bartok this evenin’…good pay, from what I understands.”
“Not for me,” Olds replied.
“Me neither. I think I’ll head back to the ol’ family farm, myself,” Matty said, “Was gonna save up and get another boat, but, well, I’m getting tired of moving up and down that river, and spending all of me wages at every stop on booze and ugly women.” He took a large gulp of ale and wiped his lips on his light brown sleeve.
“Didn’t you say you were from Walder?” Olds asked.
“Ya, just outside, a little to the northwest.”
“Say, I was planning on heading to Allegoria and seeing some old friends, you wanna come along? We could swing by Walder on the way back.” 
“Hmm, that’s sounds good to me. You gonna have plenty of food and drink?” Matty asked.
“Yea, I still have some gold on me,” Olds replied.
“Then, it be a deal, Oldsmobill.” Matty finished his ale, and tossed a couple coppers on the bar as a tip. “I’ll get me stuff from where I been sleeping most nights.”
“Not far is it?” 
“Naw…’tis just a large tortoise shell down by the river, propped up with a stick,” he said cheerfully, “I’ll meet ya back here in a bit.”
“Ya.” 
Similack stared into his ale. “So’s, you needing anybody else for company on your trip?” He asked in a pitiful voice. He appeared to be on the brink of tears.
“Well,” Olds replied, thinking fast, “I don’t think I have enough supplies for another, sorry.”
Similack started to weep. “That’s okay, I know nobody likes me, it’s my lot in life I guess…”
Olds looked upon the poor whiner with a mixture of confusion and derision. “Oh, I don’t even know you, I mean, how could I not like you…seem nice enough.” 
“Naw, no need to patronize me, Charlie, I knows it’s my cantankerous ways, and horrible shellfish addictions. You can…you can tell me.” He let out a loud squall and buried his head in his elbow.
“No, no, I just, well, I can only afford two horses, and…”
“I got legs don’t I?” Similack tearfully replied.
“Yea, but it’s a long way.”
“So? I’ve walked many a mile in my day…why, I once got paid to walk in other people’s shoes…and was quite good at it until a mob of roaming Huns moved in and lowered the wage standard. Cheap immigrant labor! I once walked thirty miles, all one way, and only stopped once, in order to bury my pot-bellied pig, who was not genetically constructed for such lengthy saunterings! Oh! I think I can handle it, Stagger Lee!” He next blew his nose on his shirt sleeve, which made Olds decide to head for the docks and meet Fatty Matty down there instead. He got up from his seat and tossed the barkeeper a tip. Similack started baying even louder.
“Oh, sure, leave and have fun playing all your reindeer games, but poor ol’ Simi, never got any toys on Crystal-mess, only a shoebox full of cave-drippings which me ol’ dad had scraped off during his numerous spelunking expeditions.”
Olds slowly backed out of the bar.
“Sure, nobody likes me, I can understand that, why should they, my left eye is lazy, my breath reeks and I’m hopelessly impotent, why shouldn’t they pick me last, or leave me sittin’ on the bench…”
Once outside, Olds quickly turned and ran as fast as he could towards the dock. His spurs jingled loudly. Slowly fading behind him were the strident cries of Similack.
“…Sure, sure, run away like my first wife, with an acrobatic donkey and his little baboon sidekick, off to Hollywood, they said they were going, leaving poor Simi behind to sweep up the mess….” 

Down at the dock, Cap’n Kidneybean heard Olds’ heavy boots and spurs thumping and jingling across the planks. “Aargh! It’s me old spinster, hisself, full of lovey-dovey for the ladies and a ne’er-you-mind for his ol’ cap’tin and crewbies.” The old salt firmly hugged Olds’ shoulder and patted him rapidly on the back. “Aargh! You coming to join us, Mr. Flynn, so’s you may break more hearts up river, are ye?”
“No, sorry, Captain, I’m going northeast to Allegoria.” Oldsmobill replied. 
The Captain took a step back and leaned upon his peg-leg. He had obviously purchased a new stuffed bird ― a raven ― painted pink and green by the looks of it, and had it firmly attached to his shoulder with two large globs of clear glue. “Aargh! What’s that ya say, Mr. Hefner, yer heartbreaking days over, are they? Aargh! Oh, I can hear the cries of all the depressed women’s in Huckabuck now…closing up the fan club, are we?”
Olds laughed, “Yes, I guess so. I wish I could go, Cap’n, but I have pressing matters to attend to.”
“Aargh! Oh, pressing mattresses, he has got, has he? Aargh! Well, my fine play’a, I will certainly miss ya, it was a pleasure tellin’ ya what to do.” The Cap’n gave him a firm handshake and a slap on the arm.
“Pleasure was all mine, sir.” Olds replied, while giving him a salute.
“Aargh! We shall meet again Oldsmo-billy, that you can trust, for the river is long and wide and it goes on forever, ands I’ll be here or my name ain’t Cap’n Antonius Jaworski Finius Lee Kidneybean!”
Sloop jumped up from his preparations of the cargo and grabbed Olds’ hand and shook it briskly. “See you soon, Olds.” He said in his normal raspy voice. “We’re either on the river or in a bar close by, you know where to find us.” He laughed.
Olds patted his shoulder, “I will keep that in mind, thanks.”
The crew all went back to work and Olds heard Matty call out his name, so he started up the dock. Cap’n Kidneybean cried out: “Aargh! If you see Ishmael, send that rabbit-toothed fool down here, we’s about to weigh anchor!” 
“Will do, Cap’n, good luck!” Olds yelled back, turning and waving his hand towards them. Sloop stood up again and waved back.
After a few paces Olds met Matty and the two entered the edge of the market area. Olds saw the man that had been following him up ahead ― he was sitting in a chair getting his shoes shined and holding up a newspaper that had two holes ripped out for his beady eyes to peer through. Oldsmobill turned slowly and started moving his arms about like he was giving out directions. Matty looked upon him with a confused look.
“What are you doing, semaphore?” he asked, “Don’t you need a couple of flags for that?”
“Shhh,” Olds replied, “That one guy is still following me.”
“Oh,” Matty nodded his head, “so, he don’t know semaphore, I guess, huh?”
“No, I’m acting like we’re having a conversation,” Olds replied.
Matty scratched his head, “But, we are having a conversation.”
Olds dropped his arms down and slumped his shoulders. Matty clapped his hands.
“I know that sign, ‘full astern, thirty knots to the starboard’,” He gleefully declared, grinning proudly.
Olds rolled his eyes and rubbed his temples with his fingertips.
“Iceberg spotted! Steal second base!” 
“Look, this is what I need you to do, take this money and get us two horses, then meet me down the road,” Olds slowly explained.
“Do you want me to signal you with these two handkerchiefs?” Matty asked, pulling two red rags out of his pocket and waving them about.
“No.”
“Morse code then…”
“No, listen, where’s a good place to meet?” Olds asked.
“Outside of town? Well, there’s a line of trees, not far down the road, I can wait for you there. You can follow the stone wall over by those trees…if you can sneak out and not get spotted.” 
“No problem. I already know how I’m going to slip out of the castle,” Oldsmobill said.
“Do you want me make some smoke signals?”
“No.”
“I can play ‘Come quick, Dr. Livingston, the cannibals are gnawing upon me anklebones!’ on the drums.”
“No,” Olds replied, shaking his head rapidly back and forth. He then stood straight and still, and looked at Matty with one eyebrow cocked. Curiously, he asked: “Really?”
“Yea, it goes like this: ‘boom-ba, boom-pa-doom-pa-doom-pa, boom-pa, booma ba-da, ba-da’.” Matty imitated playing the bongos. “Of course,” he added, “You really need a tambourine to do the whole ‘gnawing on me anklebones’ bit.”
“Wow,” Olds enthusiastically replied, “Y’know, when I was in King Vacuous’ Royal Drum Squad, they taught us how to play…” Olds then shook his head and waved his hands about, finally getting his mind back on track. 
Matty however, thought he was signally for a bunt.
“Anyway,” Olds said, “Meet me at those trees up on the hill in about a half-hour or so, okay?”
“No problem,” Matty replied. He began to walk away before quickly turning and whispering, “Are you sure you want me to rent a couple of horses?”
Olds looked at him bewildered, “Yes!” he emphatically replied.
“Well, if they’re not back by dark, outrageous late charges are accrued.”
“So?” Olds barked.
“Well, I’m just saying, it would probably be more economically feasible for me to just steal two horses.” 
Olds frowned. “No, don’t steal ‘em, just rent ‘em.”
“But I can steal a couple in a matter of moments…”
“I don’t want to be branded a horse thief.”
“We’re leaving town, who’s gonna know? Besides, I can snag two in like thirty seconds, I know right where they be, and there’s this guy with only one eye who…”
Oldsmobill suddenly grabbed Matty by the shoulders and shook him rapidly. “No!” he yelled. He then made a slow glance over his left shoulder to see if the man following him was looking, but he couldn’t tell if the guy was still staring at him or if the newspaper had a full page ad featuring a man with huge, wild eyes.
“Just…rent…the…horses…and…meet…me…at…the…tree…line.” 
“Alright, alright,” Matty answered, “But, still, with limited resources, our best bet…”
“Go!” Oldsmobill exclaimed, and pointed his finger eastward. He stood there for several minutes while Matty disappeared behind several shops to the east. 
It was at that moment that he heard a familiar voice.
“Oldsmobill!” 
He quickly turned and stood face to face with Johann. Who was broadly smiling. They grabbed each other’s shoulders and laughed loudly at seeing each other again.
“I knew I’d find you down here!” Johann yelled.
“How you been ol’ mighty hunter? What are you doing in Rottweillor?”
“Hey, it’s a looooong story. So, you eating well?” Johann clasped his hands together, with a look of joy in his eyes. 
Olds continued to smile and said: “Pretty good, I guess! It’s good to see you again, but I thought you stayed in Carbuckle?”
Johann started nodding his head, “Oh, you’re not gonna believe what I’ve been through!” 
Olds laughed and replied, “No, I probably won’t…but I’m dying to hear you tell it anyway.” He took a stride toward the market area and patted Johann on the shoulder. “C’mon, let’s take a walk and you can update me.” He made a sly look up to the shoeshine chair and saw that his stalker had moved. Quickly scanning the area, he spotted the mysterious figure inside a lingerie shop, spying at Olds through a large bra made of cocoanuts and palm fronds.
Johann nodded and then he looked over his shoulder as well ― as if he too had a stalker following him. “O-okay, that will be great.”
As the two wandered about the marketplace Johann described all that had happened since the great feast at Carbuckle Castle. He told Olds of Rita and her mission of revenge, and of how he had talked her into rescuing her sister and postponing an attempted assassination of the governor. He joyfully recounted how he had helped rescue the captive children, escorted them to safety, and learned how to ride a horse while hanging on for dear life.
Olds suddenly stopped in front of a small corral full of goats and loudly cried, “Wow! What an adventure!” He shook his head and laughed, “You’re right, I don’t believe a single word of it.”
“All true, my friend, as gob is my witness.”
“So, how long have you been in Rottweillor?”
“A few days…” Johann replied, his mood changed as he became somewhat suspicious and glanced around the market with a furtive look upon his mug.  “I thought you might be at the castle, but they wouldn’t let me in, so I waited outside all day. It rained like the dickens.”
Olds nodded. “Yes, I remember that day. I stayed inside and played billiards.”
Johann frowned, still looking around. “Yea…well, I decided to stay at a local inn, so I sold my horse and…well…”
“What’s wrong? You seem worried about something.”
The little pensive Timbrookian sighed and stared at the ground. “Well…I was quite depressed…and I couldn’t stop thinking about Rita…and…and I was just lonely, that’s all.” He looked at Olds and then back at the ground. “I just needed some company…”
Oldsmobill put his hand on his friend’s shoulder, “I’m sure you’ll see her again…”
Johann quickly looked up, “Well, the truth is…” 
“Yea…”
“Well…I met this girl…”
“Oh, I see…” Olds suddenly laughed, “You are a randy little bugger, aren’t you!”
Well…it’s not that I don’t miss Rita…” Johann replied, rather embarrassed, “I do…” he then took a quick look around and lowered his voice, “I just needed some comfort in my…time of…need.”
“You don’t need to justify any of this to me…”
“I know, but still…y’know…I was kind of heartbroken and, well, I have motto during such times of despair…” Johann tightened his lips and stared at his shoes, “The best way to get over someone…is to get under someone else.”
Olds burst out laughing at that point. 
Johann rolled his eyes and then gave a quick look around. “We’ve spent quite a few o’clocks…uh, together…in fact this is the first time I’ve been out of the inn in a few days.”
Olds laughed even harder. “Oh, you are definitely a lascivious little horn-dog, no doubt!” 
Johann attempted a half-hearted smile. “I convinced her to leave the inn by…uh…telling her it was okay…if she…” His voice slowly trailed off into a mumbling whisper.
“What?” Old asked, “Speak up.”
“Well, she wanted to look for…”
“What?”
Johann sighed, “…a wedding dress.”
Olds’ mouth went agape, his eyes widened. “A wedding dress..?” he muttered.
“Yea…I know, it’s kind of soon and everything,” Johann shyly replied.
The young knight took a step back. His mouth tried to form some type of response, but his brain was having none of it. Finally he smiled and peeped, “Wow…well, congratulations!”
“Thank you.” Johann chirped, smiling and bobbing his head. “She told me her name is Heidi, but I don’t know…that might just be her stage name. I mean I like her and everything…” Again his voice faded until he was just silently looking around the market again.
Olds started looking around too, but he still had plenty of questions to ask. “Seems kind’a sudden, don’cha think?”
Johann looked back upon his friend and nodded, “Well…yea, I guess so. See, I was thinking the exact same thing. And this morning I said to her: 
“Y’know honey, I like you a lot, I really do, but I’m still kind of young to be getting into any type of long-term commitment.’ 
“And then she said: ‘Great! Let’s get married in a year!’
“And so, I said, ‘Well, okay, but I think that I might like to have a little time to find out who I am, y’know?’ 
“And she said: ‘Great! Let’s get married in six months!’ 
“And then, I said, ‘Well, y’see, I’m thinking maybe we should take a break for a while, y’know?’ 
“And then she said: ‘Great! I’ll start picking out the invitations!’
“And then, I kind of agreed to that, sort of, but next I said: ‘Well, sweetheart, I don’t know, maybe we should, y’know, start seeing other people?’ 
“And she said: ‘Great! Let’s go to the market and I can pick out a bridal gown!’
“So, at first I was kind of hesitant, but then I thought ‘okay, well maybe I can go and see Cap’n Kidneybean, or run into you…or…or…” 
He looked over his shoulder and his expression changed to one of horror and embarrassment, but he quickly turned and beamed at Olds. “Ah, well…speak of the devil! Here she comes now!”
Olds could’ve sworn he heard a curse word or two under Johann’s breath, but before he was able to ponder it any further, a tall, muscular, but quite beautiful blonde-haired girl jumped upon Johann’s back and tightly wrapped her arms around his throat. 
“I found you! I found you!” she yelped, while briskly kissing his ears and neck.
Johann grinned, “Yes…yes…so you did…great!”
As Heidi tried her best to lift her knee up to Johann’s upper torso, he held his hand toward Olds and brightly stated, “Heidi, this is Oldsmobill…”
She lifted her head and gave Olds a suspicious look.
He nodded his head and said, “Hi, Heidi, nice to meet you.” 
She didn’t say word. Her eyes narrowed and her upper lip started to twitch. Her grip around Johann seemed to tighten with each passing second until the little bugger wheezed, “Okay, dear…loosen up just a tad, yes, that’s it…you can step down now.”
She did so hesitantly, and continued to look upon Olds with quite a bit of apprehension. Johann just stood there smiling like an idiot. 
She then gave Oldsmobill a half-hearted attempt at a smile and an unenthusiastic curtsy before jumping right back on Johann’s back ― where she proceeded to tightly wrap her arms around his neck and her legs around his torso.
“Easy dear, you’re cutting off my circulation.” He softly patted her arms until she loosened the hold a bit.
“So, Olds, fancy meeting you here…what have you been up to?” Johann asked with a wink.
Oldsmobill looked about suspiciously. “Well, actually,” he whispered, “I was just making arrangements to head for Allegoria.” 
“Johann’s eyes widened and his mouth quickly bent into a full-blown smile. “Oh!” he slowly pronounced. He looked over his shoulder at Heidi and softly whispered, “Dearest, why don’t you run back over to that bridal shop…Oldsmobill has some very important and very confidential…”
“Oh, it’s not that confiden…oww!” Oldsmobill was interrupted when one of Johann’s well-swung shoes kicked his shin. Heidi looked over at Olds ― his face frozen in a look of anguish. He thought that perhaps fabricating a big smile might help improve his expression, but it only made it look weirder. She huffed and looked back at Johann, who never missed a beat.
“…Information to share with me, y’know, that whole quest thingy I told you about.” He smiled and kissed her forehead.
She grabbed the back of his skull and immediately stuck her tongue down his throat. After several seconds he was able to slowly pry her lips away and began smiling again. 
“Don’t worry, honeybun, I’ll be over there in a moment or two…”
She quickly grabbed his skull again but this time he blocked her move by inserting his arms between them. 
“It’s okay…” he smiled. 
She glanced nervously at Olds and grunted before bounding away.
Johann rolled his eyes, loudly sighed, slapped his forehead, and slowly rubbed his hands down across his face ― forming all kinds of grotesque mug shots. He suddenly grabbed Oldsmobill by the front of his shirt and pleaded.
“You gotta help me buddy!” he frantically yelped. “You gotta take me with you! You gotta! You gotta!”
Olds looked aghast at his friend, “But, what about Heidi?”
“Don’t get me wrong, I really like her, I do, but she’s all over me, man! I can’t even go to the bathroom without her standing in the doorway…” He then looked about nervously and whispered, “Sometimes…she actually holds…it…while I…you know…go.”
“What?”
“Yea…she even used it to write her name on a rock one time.” He then yelped pitifully. “I must say, though, her cursive is absolutely impeccable…but, anyway…you gotta tell her that you need me for this mission…that I’m a vital asset, or a covert operative, or something!”
Olds slowly pushed Johann away. “Well, it’s a long journey,” he said.
“Perfect! I have no concept of time anyway. A few days or a few weeks…what’s it matter to me?” he answered.
“Well, okay, I mean, are you sure? She seems awfully nice.” 
“Oh, she’s wonderful,” Johann replied, straightening himself up, “I really adore her, but, jiminy crock-pots! I need a little space.”
“Okay,” Olds said, “There’s a guy named Fatty Matty, but he’s not really that fat, kind of husky actually, anyway, he went to a stable behind the castle to pick up a couple of horses…”
“Check,” Johann replied.
Olds then reached into his pocket and pulled out a small bag with a few gold pieces still left inside, “Here, go rent a horse, and if you have time, get some supplies…”
“Don’t worry, pal, I have all my stuff packed up in a room we have at an inn.” 
“Okay, great, we’re all going to meet at the line of trees by the road, northward, outside of town, I have to get my stuff as well, and sneak out because there’s a guy following me.”
“Ooh,” Johann remarked in a sinister voice, “The plot thickens.”
Olds smiled and patted his shoulder, I’ll go tell Heidi…something…I guess…then I’ll go get my stuff.”
“Fabulous! Thanks, Olds!” Johann shook his hand repeatedly before turning and running for the inn.

Oldsmobill found her at the bridal shop, but as soon as she saw him, she shrieked and took off running to the inn as well. Olds stood there a minute or so, until he spied the stalker staring at him through a lacey backless gown, with a large veil covering his head. He was also wearing sunglasses. Olds turned, rolled his eyes, and ran to the castle’s gate.

“I will return soon, my love. That…you can take to the bank.” Johann swept her off her feet and laid one right on her kisser. 
“But, my honeysuckle rose, what if you are injured, or worse yet,” Heidi lightly touched his bulge, “…maimed…however shall I go on?” She then swooned, her flaccid hand lightly settling down upon her forehead.
“Listen, my little meringue pie…my little pumpkin bumpkin, this is a far better thing that I do, then I have ever done…before!” He pressed his lips to hers as the music swelled and echoed tremendously until the passing marching band proceeded around a corner.
He swung her off his arm, and into an elegant pirouette, until she slipped and fell, but she quickly jumped up and recovered quite nicely, as Johann lifted himself upon his horse. The stead was chestnut in color, muscular and majestic and had a huge sticker on its hindquarters that read: ‘Property of Herzog Horse Rentals—Ride a Herzog Today!’
Heidi lightly danced upon her toes over to Johann’s shin and gripped it firmly. She put her cheek against his knee-high boots, which he had bought with the money left over from the horse rental. 
“Oh, my little humble, bumble bee…tell me, how long ‘til we see each other again?” She then licked his boot.
“Don’t worry my love, for just as the sun always rises and sets, and as the stars circle about the sky, or as the trees and flowers bloom in springtime, and as the snow falls…uh, what was the question again?”
She reached inside her cleavage and pulled out a small key. “Here, my love, take this and keep it with you always.”
“Ah,” Johann sighed. He held the key in his clasped hands and smiled affectionately, “The key to your heart, right?”
“No,” she replied, breathlessly, “The key to my…chastity belt.”
Johann gulped so loudly that a passer-by thought he had inadvertently stepped on a frog.
“Well, that’s uh, that’s something…” Johann eventually sputtered out.
“So that you may sleep well at night…far better than me, it seems…and know that I am waiting…impatiently, anxiously, really, really eagerly waiting…” She started to claw at Johann’s thigh and he let out a low whine.
“…Really wanting, yearning, desiring, craving your return!” she then roared like a lioness and tried her best to pull him off the horse.
Johann finally calmed her down and said, “Well, don’t fret my little love monkey, I shall help Oldsmobill finish his quest, and the world will be a far better place for it.” He leaned down and kissed her, and after doing his best to stay up on his horse, said proudly: “Farewell my love, but fear not, for I shall soon return!” He gave her a wink, and was about to gallop away when Heidi piped out:
“But my little ‘whoopsie-oopsie-oogle-my-boogles’, I bought you a present!”
“Really?” Johann smiled.
She held a large leather and chain-mail object up towards him and gleefully said, “It’s your very own chastity belt!” She then reached inside her cleavage and pulled out another key. “I have the only means in which to unlock it, but I do swear that I will keep it safe until your timely return.”
Johann took a long look at the chastity belt, the key, and then Heidi.  
“Not on your life, sister…” 
He quickly kicked his horse and down the road he went.


Olds ran into the castle and gathered up all his possessions. He piled everything into a large duffle bag that he had borrowed from a local tennis-court complex. He quickly put on his chain mail armor and white tunic, and stuffed the metal helmet and chain mail hood into the bag. After packing everything, he walked down to the entrance into the royal wing of the castle and waited patiently as one of the guards went to retrieve Algebra for him.
“What can I do for you Mr. Oldsmobill?” The little lizard slithered.
“Uh, Prince Vespius said that if I got in a jam, that I could get a little cash from you.” Olds covered his face with a worried look.
“Oh, yes, I can definitely take care of that, for a guest of the crown prince.” He smiled a truly disgusting orangey smile. The little gout-riddled beast slowly limped back down the hall.
Olds looked to one of the guards and said, “Man, that smile just grosses the crap out of me…ewwah!”
The guards both smirked. One then whispered, “Yea, don’t tell him any jokes, or you’ll be puking fer a week.”
All three chuckled until Algebra returned.
“Here you are Mr. Oldsmobill, I hope that you are more spend-thrifty with this pouch than you were with the last.” He smiled again and Olds gagged. 
“Well…thanks for the dough…you rat-faced, butt-licker.” Olds proudly stated, and just stood there, smiling. The guards both sniggered under their breaths.
“What?” The puzzled little slime bucket asked.
“I said: thanks for the dough, you putrid, beady-eyed, dog testicle.”
One guard couldn’t hold it any longer and immediately fell down laughing.
“What did you just call me…?” Algebra looked about totally confused.
“No,” Olds interjected, “I said thanks for the dough, you malodorous pool of scrotum sweat.”
The other guard hit the floor, laughing his head off and pounding the wall with his fist.
Olds politely smiled and hurdled off.
Algebra just stood there with the same befuddled look upon his face. “Did he just call me a…pool of scrotum sweat?”

Olds ran down the hall to the front door, where he took a hard right and ran up into a parapet. Looking through a narrow window in the wall, he scanned the courtyard, and just beyond, saw the figure who had been following him, sitting in a doorway and whittling a piece of wood.
Olds immediately ran back down the stairs and through a corridor to the feasting hall and into the kitchen area. 
“Oh! It’s the nice’a boy from Naples’a, coming’a back for’a seconds are we?” The rosy-cheeked cook bellowed and gave Olds a big bear hug. “Oh we gonna make’a you as fat as’a Vito Corleone, you’a keep’a this up!” 
Before he could get through the kitchen, they had prepared a large lunch basket for him with plenty of garlic bread and cheese ravioli. Olds thank them all with much appreciation as he continued to bow, and smile, and nod, and wave his right hand in the air, saying, “graci’, graci’.”
Afterward, he ran out the side door, which was used for kitchen deliveries ― and with the huge duffle back over his shoulder, and a large basket of food in his left hand ― he quickly grabbed an empty bucket with his right hand and started up a stairway of stones.
It wasn’t an actual stairway ― it just looked like a very large version of one. It was a section of the stone wall that the masons were working on and ascended in a stair-stepped pattern until it reached the top of the old wooden fortifications. With a few leaps Olds was quickly up it. At the top was a little scaffold, which he gingerly crossed.
“Hey, you! We need more monkey vomit over here!” A foreman yelled at him.
“Right away, sir,” he yelled back. “Just getting my bucket refilled.”
Oldsmobill hit the other stone wall, which formed another large staircase as well, and he quickly bounded down it, stepping on one stone just as it had been moved into place. His weight pushed it flush against the others and the mason working on it said: “Thanks, mate!”
“No problem,” Olds stated, then, down upon the ground he went, where he ran up to the foreman that had yelled at him earlier and quickly handed him the empty bucket, before saying: “I quit!” He continued running until he disappeared into a line of trees and shrubbery that ran parallel to the castle wall, leaving the man holding the bucket and scratching his head.
“Hey, do you smell garlic?” he asked a coworker.

Olds stood at the edge of the clearing and looked back towards the city. Seeing that the coast was clear, he bolted across a small meadow and over to a large line of trees that stood upon the hill. With every step he saw a light flash intermittently from the shadows of the trees. It was Fatty Matty, sending him a signal in Morse code, by reflecting the sunlight with a small mirror, but since no one around that area knew Morse code, it was meaningless, however, coincidently enough, the message he sent was: “Come quick, Dr. Livingston, the cannibals are now gnawing on me kneecaps!”
Olds soon arrived and packed his belongings upon his stead. He next looked at Johann’s horse and then suspiciously eyed Matty’s horse and looked again at his own. 
“Matty!” Olds barked.
“Yes?” he innocently replied.
“Did you steal these two horses?”
“What? Me? A horse thief? Never!” The husky fellow loudly objected. He looked terribly shocked and outraged that Olds would even insinuate such a thing.
“Then why don’t they have the ‘Ride a Herzog Today!’ sticker?” Olds demanded.
“Well…okay…so I stole ‘em. I told you…this one-eyed guy can’t see nuthin’ on his right side and all ye gotta do is…”
“Let’s ride!” Olds suddenly called out, “Before they hang us all.”
They all three gave their horses a little kick and slowly galloped through the forest. About halfway though the wooded area, Olds popped Matty in the head with a bread stick.
“Give me my money back,” he yelled. Which Matty quickly did.
“See, didn’t cost us nothin’,” Matty said, “Now, that just makes…well, good horse sense…ha-ha!”
Olds didn’t laugh; he just gave him a dirty look and spurred his stolen horse to go even faster. Johann rode up beside Matty and was gently smiling. 
“Don’t worry, he only acts mad…inside he’s laughing his head off,” Johann said. 
“Yea…it’s no big deal, that stable-hand won’t notice they’re even gone till tomorrow morning,” Matty said.
“How’s that?” Johann asked.
“Because I stole two rental horses and put them in his stalls.”  Matty laughed loudly. “Then I stole two of the king’s horses and put those in the rental stalls!” 
Matty took a big bite of the garlic bread and reached down and ripped the sticker off of Johann’s horse, and cried out:
“Might as well join us rustlers, Poncho! Yee-haw!”

About a half-hour later they exited the forest and quickly galloped to the top of a large hill and into the shadowy cover of another line of trees. Olds stopped his horse and looked back.
“Anyone see if that creepy stalker guy was following us?” he asked.
Johann peered back and said: “I don’t see anything.”
“Good, I think I gave him the slip back at the castle. That buys us a little time, Vespius won’t be back until tomorrow, I think.” 
“What all have I missed Olds?” Johann asked.
“Well, for one, Vespius is poisoning his father…”
“King Cornswallow?” Matty exclaimed.
“Yes,” Olds replied.
“Wow! So, where to now?” Johann asked.
“I’m heading to Allegoria to see Master Bates, to get some information from him, and to warn him.”
“Okay,” Johann slowly noodled.
“Hey!” Matty cried out, “There’s someone coming down the road!”
All three looked on as a person ran out of the distant forest and started down the road towards them.
“They’re on foot, though…kind’a funny,” Matty said.
Suddenly, Johann squeaked in fear, and then yelped, “It’s Heidi!”
Matty and Olds turned around for another good look. Sure enough, it was Heidi, running straight for them; her hands held her skirt up just a little and her legs were moving as fast a millipede’s on steroids. A large cloud of dust billowed up from behind her.
“Man! That chick can run!” Matty loudly exclaimed.
Olds looked over at Johann. “Should we wait for her?”
“Naw…” Johann coolly replied, “There’s no way she can keep that pace up for long.” 
He quickly slapped his horse’s hindquarters and bolted into a full-speed gallop on down the road. Matty and Olds looked at each other, shrugged and soon followed.
About three hours later, they finally lost her, but only because one of her stiletto heels broke. 




Chapter Fourteen: Ah, My Leprous Beauty Queen


As the bruised hand of twilight crept across the sky above them, Olds, Johann and Fatty Matty moved off the road a little ways and set up their camp near an outcrop of rock. Matty swore it was going to rain because his knee was acting up. Johann concurred, saying the fungus between his toes was itching — a sure sign of rising humidity. Olds agreed with his two companions about the oncoming rain, but only after looking to the horizon and seeing a large bank of dark clouds slowly moving in. 
They made little beds under a rock overhang and tied their horses to a nearby tree before starting a fire. Just as their dinner of meatballs in pasta sauce was about finished cooking ― a gift by the nice kitchen ladies, which they had been kind enough to load into a re-sealable pig’s bladder ― the clouds above them opened up and it started to rain. Lightning creased across the sky and small streams of water rolled down the cliff face and quickly ruined their temporary beds. Except for the dinner, it was a miserable night. 
The next morning wasn’t much better, the rain continued, coming down in huge, cold drops. The three riders made slow progress in the deluge. Soaked and chilled, they each slumped upon their horses as they continued their journey northward to Allegoria.
During the soggy trip, Oldsmobill explained to Johann and Matty what he had discovered in the royal chambers of Rottweillor Castle. 
“I’s heard of that orange stuff,” Matty yelled through the rain. “There was this guy in Huckabuck that was addicted to it. He hung outside a bar there beggin’ fer money. His lips were all orange and his fingers too. They said he was once a famous actor but had given it all up for sex, drugs and Gregorian chants.”
“How long has it been since King Hector’s riding accident?” Oldsmobill asked.
Water streamed down Matty’s face and dripped incessantly off his angular nose. “Oh, about four or five months now…no, about six, because it happened about a month or so after King Piddy the Fair died. Rumor has it that he’s gotten a lot worse in recent weeks.”
They continued to venture on. The sun made a brief appearance for a couple of hours, but close to sundown, the clouds were back and soon after the rain began again. This time they had no outcropping of rock to sleep under, so they tried to construct a lean-to, but it was ineffective against the downpour. They didn’t eat very well that night ― ravioli leftovers, some jerky, the remaining breadsticks ― which were quite soggy — and some of Johann’s ever-present trail mix.
“Another night like this and I’m going to be sick,” the waterlogged Timbrookian moaned, to which the others agreed. “I could’a been sleeping in a nice, warm bed, cuddled up with a gorgeous woman, but no…I had to go on an adventure.”
“You miss her already?” Olds asked in a soft voice.
“Yea, I guess…except for her trying to spoon-feed me every chance she got…and dabbing my mouth with a napkin after each meal.”
“She seemed to care for you a lot,” Olds whispered. He thought of Matilda and the warm nights he spent with her at Rottweillor castle. 
“Yea, she does,” Johann replied. He threw a damp log on the pitiful fire and watched the steam rise. “I had to leave, though, the truth is, I was only using her to get over Rita.”
“Did it work?” Matty asked.
Johann sighed. “Naw…not really.”
Oldsmobill sniffled and then said,  “Well,” he pondered, “maybe a separation is what you and her need…to realize how much you really care for each other.” He then squinted at the little campfire, wondering if he was saying that to Johann or to himself.
“Yea,” Johann replied, nodding his head slowly, “It’s like my father used to say…‘An abscess makes the heart crow longer’.”
Olds gazed upon his friend with a puzzled look. He thought of correcting him, but then reconsidered. “Hmm, there might be some truth in that after all...”
It quit raining sometime in the middle of the night, but all three were so thoroughly soaked that they hardly noticed. The next morning they fixed a big pot of tea and ate more jerky and trail mix. They took off down the road soon after. Johann had been this way before, with Rita and the rescued children, and he convinced the others to stop by the old farmhouse where he had last seen her. Jarvel Guttersnipe and the rest of his family were quite pleased to see Johann again and made a big lunch for the three riders. Unfortunately, they had heard nothing from Rita, and guessed that she was still in Dripplesburg with the children. Before long, Johann and his companions bid them farewell and good luck and even paid them for the basket of food the Guttersnipes prepared for them.  They ventured back into the forest and toward the Allegorian Pass. Just before the road started a slow ascent, they spied a little shack next to a row of spindly cedar trees. A sign out front said: ‘Last Chance Trading Post —Wares, Wears, and What-knots.’
The men all dismounted and walked into what Olds believed was a shop of some sort, as he had passed it on his last journey through the mountains, but hadn’t bother stopping. Inside was a cluttered mess of all sorts of items piled around with no type of organization or reason. Farm implements and scrolls, saddlebags and wooden planks, old jugs and jars, and threadbare dresses stacked alongside wigs and assorted party favors. One whole wall was dedicated to numerous carved figurines of Roman and Greek gods and goddesses. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust.
A tall, thin man with a long neck, wearing bearskin pants and a faded pink shirt stepped out of what appeared to be a pile of empty burlap bags and old baseball gloves.
“Howdy! What you boys up too?” he asked, and then spat into an empty roasting pot near his feet.
“Hi, just on our way to Allegoria. Have you any food supplies?” Olds asked.
“Uh, lessee, I got a big bag of fried lamb’s ears,” he answered, before spitting into an old helmet lying on a shelf below him.
Johann shrugged, while Matty looked about the place. Olds thought a second. “…Is that it?”
“I’ve got a chicken head!” The man replied, spitting an exclamation point into a frying pan.
Olds looked over at Johann, who shook his head and said, “Naw, that’s too easy.”
Olds agreed and ignored the set-up. “Anything else?”
“Well,” he spat again — this time at a clock radio on the shelf behind him — “I have a jug of rye whiskey.”
“Okay, we’ll take the lamb’s ears, I guess.” Olds responded.
“…And the rye whiskey.” Matty quickly interjected. 
Olds nodded and asked: “Any other merchants on down the road.” 
“Nope,” he answered, and then he…(well, you know).
“So, what you doing out here in the middle of nowhere?” Matty suddenly asked, examining a rusty scythe in his hands. The man sat the jug of rye whiskey on the counter and began to busily look around the counter for the bag of lamb’s ears. When he finally found the article and turned back around, he noticed that all three men were staring at him — still patiently waiting for an answer.
“Oh, me?” he asked, quite dumbfounded.
“Uh, yea…I mean, I know what us three are doing here.” Matty smirked.
“Oh, well, I just live here and sell a few things and buy a few things and read stuff and sometimes think stuff, but…mostly…just spit.” Which he then did, and inadvertently killed a brave little cockroach that had crawled across the floor to just get a glimpse of sunlight.
Oldsmobill smiled. “Well,” he said looking around the shop, “You certainly have a nice, uh, bunch of crap here.”
“Well, I likes it, plenty of things to spit into, y’know?” he answered in the same monotone voice. (Oh, and then…he spat into a can of moldy baked beans). 
“That’ll be five silvers total,” he stated. 
Olds waited.
A couple of seconds later the tall man spit into shriveled pumpkin that had been carved to look like Caesar Augustus, but now looked more like one of the dried-up mugs of the three blind witches. 
Olds stared hard at the pumpkin and melodically whispered one of the three blind witches’ songs to himself, before handing over the cash. 
A few lackluster waves of goodbye later, and the three men began to ride off. The skinny man stood in the entrance and spat on his dirty, stained shoes.
“Y’all come back now, y’hear?”
They all gave him a strange look and trotted on down the road. 
When out of sight, Matty pulled the rusty scythe out from under his cloak and proudly showed it to Johann and Oldsmobill.
“What the hell? You crazy klepto, what do you need that for?” Olds asked.
“I don’t know, but you never can tell when you might need to harvest something.” Matty sardonically replied.
The three travelers headed deep into the mountains along a winding, rocky road.

The passage to the Allegorian Province is extremely treacherous in some places and was one of the big reasons why there was such a separation between that part of the region and the lands to the south. A few travelers moved across the road quite frequently and brought plenty of trade goods in and out of Allegoria, but for the most part, the cities of the northern region ― Poutsland, Pooch and Dripplesburg, were entities unto themselves. Their main water sources are the various streams that divide the area and which are swollen in early spring by run-off from the surrounding mountains. A small river, the Ham-o-gram, divides the northernmost city of Pooch from the rest of the district. It is wide but fairly shallow in most places. Nearly all of the farm products and livestock that are raised in the area are consumed within its barriers as well. Other natural resources such as iron and copper ore are plentiful, especially in the eastern parts of the Allegorian Mountains, which is why, in one such mountain, lies the mysterious halls of the one-legged trolls of Razzle-Bazzle, though its entrance is one of the best kept secrets in all of the province. 
The trail through the Allegorian pass itself was just barely wide enough for a wagon in most areas, and is quite a dangerous trek as it winds around several steep mountainsides. One false move could end in disaster, and the gullies below the road are testament to this fact, as they are littered with the wreckage of many an ill-fated wagon. 
As the sky darkened, Olds wanted to press on, but Matty, and even more so, Johann ― who kept looking down the steep ravine off the side of the road ― wanted to find an area to rest for the night. The sky grew darker as they were nearing an area where two slopes of the mountains connected. Seeing a clearing in a patch of woods just below them, Matty coerced the others to camp there for the night. It was only a slight descent, and once past a line of thin trees, they came upon a nice circle of grass and low shrubs.
They quickly started a fire, which when fully aflame, staved off the chilliness of the night air. With the moon brightly lighting the clear sky, and each of them feeling a bit safer now that they were off the dangerous road, the spirits of the three riders rose slightly and they began to joke and laugh. They heated up a stew that the Guttersnipes had packed and roasted a few of the lamb’s ears over the flame. Johann made a pot of his special tea, and once all were well fed, they began to talk of their experiences with Cap’n Kidneybean. They laughed quite a bit that night, more than the other two nights combined. 
While rummaging in his duffle bag for a towel to lay over his pile of leaves ― to deter any spiders that might wish to crawl into his ears ― Olds found a small pouch of potatoes and a gorbel-root, which the kitchen staff had given him as part of the breakfast feast he had eaten a few days ago.
“Hey, throw those into the pot…they’ll make a nice snack in the morning.” Johann replied.
Olds happily did so, but kept a couple of slices of the gorbel-root.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Johann said in a very serious tone of voice.
“Why?” Olds asked.
“It’ll give ya nightmares if you eat ‘em this late.”
“Yea,” Matty added, “Makes ya wake up wet.”
Olds laughed. “I’ve never heard of that before, it’s just a root.”
“Okay,” Johann replied, taking a sip of his tea. “Don’t say I didn’t warn ya.”
Matty then interrupted by asking, “So, tell me again about that gang of bandits that ambushed you guys on the river…”
Before he could finish, Olds laughed heartily, chewing on the slice of root, “Oh, Matty! You should have seen Johann here, he was like a madman with his river pole!”
They all started laughing as Johann and Olds took turns reliving the adventure that had occurred on the ‘Key Largo.’
After hearing a bit, Matty asked, “Hey, that kid you mentioned…did he have blonde hair and a straw hat?”
Olds and Johann both looked surprised and answered together, “Yes!”
“Ah,” Matty replied, nodding his head and pointing his finger in the air. “That’s their leader.”
“What?” Olds asked.
“Yea, that’s his gang. He runs the whole show.” Matty looked upon both with wide eyes.
“But, he was just a kid.” Olds replied.
“Yep, but he’s a vicious little mongrel, he is. His father once ran the outfit, but died after being bitten by a syphilitic carnie barker. His son took over after that.”
Wow.” Johann exclaimed.
“Yea, they’re from Finland. Don’t let that kid’s age or attitude fool ya. That gang is notorious.” Matty said, before finishing his tea. “They call him ‘Huck the Fin’.
Oldsmobill chewed on another slice of the gorbel-root, “Well, I guess we showed them a thing or two.”
“Aye, that we did.” Johann replied.
Matty laid his cup beside the fire and then leaned back upon his little pile of leaves and grass. He pulled his green stocking cap just over his eyes. “Okay, now tell me more about how you guys defeated that little bully’s gang,” he asked.
Oldsmobill started the tale where Cap’n Kidneybean had spied the rope in the water, while Johann imitated the old buccaneer’s voice.
The woods around the campfire was filled with laughter and excited voices describing the action, with the occasional ‘Aargh!’ thrown in for good measure.
 
That night Oldsmobill had a dream. He was standing on the top of a high mountain looking out upon the world from above the clouds. At first he thought the entire landscape was covered in snow, but then he realized that it was a billowy, gelatinous material, and probably marshmallow cream. He looked down and noticed that he was wearing a pair of wing-tipped shoes, tiny black socks and a pair of camouflaged cargo shorts. His legs were an aquamarine blue and began to swell and contract with his every breath.
Suddenly he was in a large, white bedroom. A man was eating a plate of dehydrated beef and wearing a test pilot uniform. A fetus in a large, round placental sack slowly floated past the window. In the corner, a large pylon, painted flat black, stood symbolically. 
No matter how hard he tried, though, Oldsmobill couldn’t figure out what it was supposed to symbolize.
He suddenly heard a commotion around his legs, and looking down, saw that his right kneecap suddenly cried out: “My God! I’m a kneecap on the leg of an idiot! Quick! Call a doctor, there’s been some kind of horrible mistake!” 
To which his left kneecap replied: “Get used to it. The fates are often cruel and unkind…take Idaho for instance. Look on the bright side, you could have been a nodule upon his spleen.”
All of a sudden, the right kneecap burst through the skin and skipped about on the white carpet of the bedroom. “Free! Free!” it cried out, “Now, I can be whatever I want to be!” The chunk of bone suddenly sprouted tiny arms and legs and began running around the room. It jumped up on the table where the test pilot sat and asked in a scratchy monotone: “Pardon me, but is your name Gus?”
“Hmmm…?” The test pilot queried.
“No?” The kneecap squealed in a high pitch voice. “Good, I hate that punk. My name is Anibus, but I’m going to change it to Gus because I like the way it rolls off the larynx.” It looked about and added quickly, “Excuse me, I feel a hail storm is interrupting my Veteran’s Day parade. Oh! Watta sight! All the floats are made of beans and glued together with wet, sugary, valentine kisses. Oh! ‘Tis True! ‘Tis true!”
The blabbering kneecap next turned into a large cow and began spewing fire out of its udders. Long, thick strands of mucous leaked from its nose, and its body was covered in black and white barnacles. 
“I am Gus, god of the midday brunch! Look upon all my works and writhe with pride and appetizing glee! Hear me now, for I hate to be misunderstood.” The cow then split into two, then fourths, and finally, into eighths. All talked as if they had just inhaled helium. In unison, they declared: 
“The milkman’s come to leave a bottle by the door. 
The milkman’s come, singing like a troubadour. 
The milkman’s come and his cold hands implore, 
Kiss me, Lenore, 
And we’ll milk cows for evermore!”
“My goodness!” Olds squealed, “This is the weirdest nightmare that I’ve ever had! 
“Teach you not to eat strange roots before bedtime!” The cow-like beings chorused in their helium altered voices. Then, the creatures all turned into globs of mud and squished themselves together ― forming a huge, brown, gooey ball, before finally transforming into a hat rack.
“Listen,” the hat rack spoke out in a deep baritone, “I have a message to give you. But there’s no telling if you’re gonna like it or not.” 
“Okay, but first, can I ask you a question?”
“Yes, but only one…and don’t get cocky!”
“Right, tell me…exactly what does that big, black pylon in the corner symbolize?” Olds asked with great curiosity.
The hat rack thought a second and replied, “Well, it’s like Freud said: ‘sometimes a big, black pylon is just…a big, black pylon.”
Olds pondered that for a minute while the test pilot loudly laughed. 
Soon after, the hat rack spoke again, “So, may I continue, or do you wish to investigate the mysteries of the Bermuda Triangle next?”
What?” Olds asked.
The hat rack suddenly changed into a large white porcelain toilet and belched fire and gray smoke from within its bowl. Next, a little furry wombat popped out of the smoke and stood proudly upon the rim, throwing several pairs of tweezers at Olds.
“Hey!” Oldsmobill cried out, “You could put my eye out with one of those! Stop it!”
“It’s just a dream, you silly man!” squeaked the little wombat, “Now, don’t interrupt me or I shall curse thee with many strange podiatry tools.”
The toilet bowl subsequently spoke: “Go to Allegoria…”
“Yes, yes…” Olds replied.
“Go to the blacksmith’s shop and ask for a sword and a black eye.”
“What?” Olds looked up, perplexed. The wombat suddenly ran over and bit Olds’ ankle.
“Don’t ask questions, just do as he says!” It squeaked, and then took bite out of Olds’ other ankle. Deeply confused, Olds immediately collapsed to the ground.
“As god is my witness!” Oldsmobill cried out, “I’m never eating another root for as long as I live!”
The wombat jumped upon his chest and pointed a fleshy digit at his frightened face. “What about potatoes?” the wombat asked.
Olds stuttered a bit and posed, “Are potatoes technically a root?”
“I think so,” the wombat answered, “What about onions?”
“No roots! Except maybe potatoes and onions, that is, if they are in fact roots and not just some type of underground stem-like projection.”
“What about yams? Personally, I love yams, are you telling me you’re never gonna eat a nice, tasty yam again, huh?”
Olds rolled his eyes. “Is a yam the same as a sweet potato?”
“Yes, the name was changed after a clever marketing campaign.”
“Okay, potatoes, onions and yams, but that’s it! That’s the list, other than those, NO ROOTS!”
“Well, what about…” the wombat began, but the toilet suddenly interjected in a very irritated baritone.
“Will you two stop it?!” It demanded. A large flame spewed from its bowl and a row of gherkin pickles suddenly started line-dancing across the rim, before ― in perfect synchronicity ― diving back in.
“Dig that…” the wombat whispered to Olds, “…a toilet yelling at us about running on and on.”
Oldsmobill agreed and he and the wombat started giggling like a couple of tipsy sorority girls. The toilet bowl suddenly turned bright red and produced a great, billowing cloud of dark smoke to fill the room. The test pilot looked over for a second and sighed, and then resumed his eating. The fetus was making another lap, and peered in through the window. It winked and softly smiled.
 Meanwhile, the toilet grew several large claws out of its base and sprouted two large horns from atop its lid. A great red tongue unwound from inside the bowl and stretched over and grabbed the wombat off of Olds’ chest.
“Oops! Gotta go!” The furry little ankle-biter peeped before disappearing into the billowing darkness.
Olds continued to look on in astonishment, “You’re one cranky-ass toilet, aren’t you?” he exclaimed.
“Don’t mess with me, man-child!” The bowl deeply replied. “Just listen! Go to the blacksmith shop and tell the man there that you want a sword and a black-eye.”
“Yea, yea, I know…”
“Then, after you wake up…”
“What?” Oldsmobill yelled.
“Just listen!”
“Alright, alright, no need to cop such an attitude…”
“After you wake up, he will give you a great sword, which will be yours to keep…pretty nice, huh? Just a little consolation prize awarded to those people that we happen to be fond of.” The bowl coughed a few times and said, “Okay, I have to tell you this part due to our nervous legal department’s constant nagging:
“This offer is not valid to any one residing outside of the known universe and is not transferable. Any harm done to others or to oneself after receiving said merchandise is of the responsibility of the prizewinner. The manufacturers of the sword and its affiliates, as well as the marketing firm of ‘Hogward, Monk, & Rowe’, and its alleged partners in crime…which will go nameless as to protect their identities, whether real or given to them as part of a government witness program…shall not be held liable for any said injuries. All applicable taxes, fees, tariffs, transportation costs, restocking charges, and the absolutely outrageous shipping and handling expenditures are the sole responsibility of the benefactor, herewith known as, ‘Lucky Bastard’, and being the verified legal winner of said items and/or items. Indiana residents must pay 6% sales tax regardless of the weather. General Patton’s pending, while all trademarks are registered. Licenses are reserved for handicapped parking only.”
Olds nodded his head patiently and said, “Hey, listen, I’ve been looking for those four carpenters, but I haven’t had much luck in finding them.”
“Never fear, long cool one, you are on the right path. Of course, if you had done things in the proper order, it would have been much easier! Now, listen up, because I’ve spent a lot of money getting my speech impediment fixed, so there’s no excuse this time…very soon…not tomorrow mind you… but, very, very soon, a daughter of a southern king will offer you a plate of jam and biscuits. Eat the biscuits, but DO NOT EAT THE JAM! You got that?!”
Olds shook his head back and forth in a puzzled manner. “But, why?”
“Just do as I say and great things will come your way!”
“That’s what the bowl of porridge said!” Olds exclaimed.
“Well,” the toilet shrugged, “there you have it.” And with that, it disappeared in a great puff of white smoke and falling playing cards. The test pilot glanced over his shoulder at Olds and grinned a toothless smile.

Oldsmobill woke up to find himself halfway up a tree, his arms and legs entangled in a cacophony of vines and leaves and branches. He then heard Johann’s voice. “Hey! What’cha doing up in that tree in just your boxers?”
“I think I had a nightmare,” Olds gasped.
“I told you not to eat that root after sundown.”
“Yea, yea, can you help me with these vines, I think I’m stuck.”
“Sure, I’ll be right up.” Johann made his way up the tree and began to pull Olds from his entanglements. 
“Can I ask you a question, Johann?”
“Sure, Olds.”
He thought a moment and asked: “Are potatoes a root?”
Johann thought a second before replying. “No, I think they’re a vegetable…kind of like you.”

*****

At the northeastern tip of Walder lies the great line of cliffs called Ballywarble Bluff, which dramatically marks the end of the Walder plateau with a very steep drop. It was at one time called ‘Lover’s Leap,’ but the name was changed after too many newlyweds took the term as a sort of personal challenge. Countless wedding ceremonies were once held at the top of the cliff, and were abruptly ended when the happy couple finished their vows, tenderly kissed, and jumped hand-in-hand off the great precipice, thus proving to all in attendance of their true devotion to one another. This matrimonial ritual did not last long, but it did greatly reduce the region’s divorce rate.
At the base of the cliff, beyond the piles of bones, tattered veils, and multi-colored cummerbunds, is an area of deep marshlands and peat bogs. Further west, the terrain gradually changes into a landscape thick with forests, which no one has actually seen because of all of the freaking trees. 
No army has ever been able to scale the cliffs with any success. Not only are they high and steep and extremely rough, but all it takes to defend the top of the plateau is a few well-trained archers, which immediately turns those trying to scale the craggy walls into a large group of sitting — or in this particular case — slowly ascending ducks.
Most of the rampaging hordes of Huns, and Vandals, and Visigoths and others that poured through the region took one look and decided to go around the place in search of much easier targets. Early settlers constructed a line of wooden fortifications along the top of the cliffs, and thus, added to the difficulty of taking the land by outsiders. When King Pylon Cornswallow took control of the region, he updated all of these defenses and even added a few watchtowers, barracks, and several sinisterly dressed scarecrows.
For as long as anyone can remember, there had always been shifts of soldiers keeping watch along the wall — all living in a small group of buildings near the area. But recently, it had been all but deserted. Not a single guard now paced along the well-worn catwalk that hung at the top of the wall, nor even a single pair of near-sighted eyes scanned the horizon from one of the towers. Not one man in uniform still slept in the barracks or used the row of lime-green port-o-potties that were located near the old mess hall. 
Crown Prince Vespius had ordered every sentry back to Walder Castle. The only guards seen upon a journey to the cliffs were the few that guarded the road, and their only duty was to make sure that no one went near the cliffs or the fortifications.
Vespius and his men did pass, of course, with just a wave of their hands at the guards. As the group of riders neared the cliffs, they soon saw that the once magnificent fortification was nearly gone — only a few large wooden posts remained. 
Vespius and General Reaver dismounted and walked over to the cliffs and peered down at the activity below them. They saw numerous men —dirty and sweating profusely in the noonday sun. The workers were very busy constructing a huge ramp, made up of wooden planks and large timber supports. It stretched out to the marshlands and connected with a newly built road, one that cut a great swath through the outlying forest. It was wide enough to carry four horses abreast and made a slow incline straight toward the cliff. A much smaller walkway zigzagged down the side of the stone edifice, and it was by this that Vespius and General Reaver descended down the cliff face. 
Most of the residents of Walder would have been greatly alarmed if they knew of this construction, as would the residents in the entire region, for by constructing this amazing ramp and road, Vespius was providing a clear path for the peoples of the north to invade the entire Mea Culpa Region.
These peoples, though originally from the northern climes of Europe, were often wrongly identified as Norsemen, they preferred to call themselves ‘Andestas’, after an ancient forest goddess they believed was responsible for the wind, and the rain, and that funny feeling a person gets in the abdomen after eating chili. They were a race of Germanic peoples that history had proven could easily be swayed to mate with any Russian or Hungarian with a nice smile and a few good pick-up lines. They were led by their Warrior-King Jolias Gladbottom, who’s own mother once made it with a Romanian ditch-digger after he said that she looked as good as a ‘tall glass of cool water and a bag of chips.’
Crown Prince Vespius noticed the thick figure of King Jolias atop a gray mare. The redheaded king was carefully overseeing the progress of the construction. All the men toiling on the dual projects were his loyal subjects, and he worked them at a feverish pace. He sometimes resorted to whipping them with a thick leather belt, and if that didn’t work, he’d belt them with a thick leather whip. 
When he spotted Vespius, he dismounted his horse and bounded over to the crown prince, who greeted him with a piranha smile and a pair of snake’s eyes.
“Good evening, Jolias,” Vespius said, firmly grasping the king’s hand.
“It is a pleasure, Prince.” The king replied with a deep, commanding voice.
“How is our project progressing?” 
“It goes well. Another month or so for the ramp, and the road should be completed within three weeks, we’re having trouble with some of the marshlands, but we are building small bridges in those areas…it is only a tiny setback.”
“Very good.” Vespius smiled. He then turned around to face the cliffs and said, “I have several carts of supplies on their way, and they should be here within the hour or so.”
“That is good news,” the king replied. “My men look forward to something to eat besides their own toe-nails and fried swamp rat on-a-stick.”
They began a slow walk along the side of the ramp, with General Reaver following closely behind. King Jolias waved his arms at several collections of workers and pointed out the projects they were working on. He then pointed to the south and showed Vespius a team of heavy horses bringing felled trees up to the side of the ramp. Another group of workers were carving huge notches in the trees, while another group lifted the massive trunks up to the ramp, to be guided into place by several more men with an immense and complicated mass of ropes and pulleys. 
Vespius looked upon the entire scene with intense seriousness.  He studied every beam, every joint, and every angle. His ears wiggled with excitement.
“Any word on the new armaments?” asked Jolias.
Vespius ran his black, gloved hand across a large stack of cut boards and replied, “I have been assured that they will arrive on schedule. The labor camps are working overtime…much to the disapproval of their union leaders.” 
He then raised his left hand and pointed to the last two watchtowers that still stood high above the plateau. “It might be a good idea to start posting a few men in those towers. Order them to kill any one that comes near. You should have plenty of Cornswallow uniforms to complete the ruse.”
“Aye.” Jolias replied. “I have a few gruesome fellows that are itching for the chance to kill something besides time.”
“We don’t want anyone discovering our project when we are so close to its completion.” Vespius added. He slyly grinned.
King Jolias slowly nodded his head. His long red hair was streaked with numerous strands of gray, as was his thick beard. He lifted one of his stubby hands to his face and nervously fiddled with a few curls just below his thick lips.
Vespius folded his hands upon his chest. “I have informed the governor of Walder that we are constructing this bridge for trade purposes…to open up new routes and supply lines. If my subjects find out about this construction, I have informed him to squelch their fears and apprehension with a good dose of misinformation and conciliatory prattle.” The prince started laughing under his breath, raising his hand to his lips and closing his eyes. “Of course, with all the racket you’re making down here…I don’t expect it to be a secret much longer.” 
The three men turned and began to ascend the ramp. It was very sturdy and well built. Vespius looked upon all the workers and foremen busy with the construction. Further ahead were several trained wood-wrights, overseeing the process and giving instructions.
King Jolias looked around with an expression of pride gradually covering his face. He saw the great wooden ramp and road as a wonderful opportunity for his kingdom. 
His people were continuing to outgrow their region along the banks of the Danube, several miles to the north. He was under constant pressure by northern and eastern tribes moving into his territory, and defending his homeland against these peoples had cost him many lives and valuable resources. The gateway to the fertile lands that lie beyond the Barywarble Bluff would enable his people, his economy, and his power, to grow. He only had to help Vespius by supplying him with a large army after the ramp was finished. 
Vespius had scrupulously detailed Jolias on his plans. Once in control of Valdorlok, the prince would raise a monstrous military force, and combined with Jolias’ reinforcements, would head south, to first conquer the southern lands of Taylee and Bartok. Then west, and by means of either treaty, or by arms, he would make himself a force to be reckoned with throughout all of Europe.
King Jolias, didn’t care about such power, he just wanted the region for himself and his people. He thought Vespius was a vain and foolhardy man, with bad skin and a slight lisp. He also believed that the crown prince’s mission ― to be as powerful as Charlemagne, or as the Caesars themselves, was bound to fail. He didn’t care though, for when all was over, and Vespius was eventually killed or ruined, Jolias would still have control of the valley, and years from now, if he so desired, he would have enough resources and power to promote his own expansion of influence outward —if he so desired. Of course, if none of that happened, he figured he would be just as content retiring from his leadership duties and spending his last days in Morocco, or San Troupe´, and hanging out at the topless beaches.
Vespius smiled and looked all around ― the progress was moving right along, if somewhat behind schedule ― but the summer was still ahead, and drier weather would certainly help them achieve their goal.
After more examining of the ramp and the road, King Jolias and Vespius exchanged pleasantries again and Vespius began on his way back to Walder.
After an hour or so of steady riding, the crown prince and his contingent of Royal Guardsmen came upon the outer walls of Castle Cornswallow in Walder. The castle itself was smaller than Rottweillor’s, but did have an extensive stone wall around it. The defense of the kingdom was focused primarily toward the east and the line of the cliffs. To the northeast was the Allegorian range. However, Walder was vulnerable to the south and the west, and with little natural barriers to protect the city, previous warlords had spent major sums of labor and supplies on building up the city’s fortifications. 
The area was not as fertile as the lower valleys to the east and south; the land rose steadily up from the pass and was drier than the other areas. The landscape continued to rise until abruptly ending at the cliffs. Most of the rainfall either moved toward the east and through the pass or off the cliff walls. There was still plenty of farmland, though the primary product of the area was livestock, particularly sheep. Rather large herds moved about the grasslands. Closer to the castle were a few shops and markets, not nearly as large as Rottweillor’s or Carbuckle's markets, and were dominated by wool and wool-based enterprises. Subsequently, the people had become expert crafters of textile products, and fashioned many fine types of wool cloth.
Walder had lived in peace ever since Vespius’ great grandfather, King Pylon Cornswallow, rose to power and signed a treaty with Duke Velour of Allegoria. The peace and economic prosperity continued until King Hector Cornswallow, after forty years of harmony, decided to attack and take Rottweillor Castle. Many however, believe that it was Vespius that initiated the siege. The castle fell to the Cornswallow arms in one day ― so ill-prepared was King Piddy for battle.
War was declared, and upon the flatlands of Tarmac Plain, King Piddy the Fair’s army was defeated by Cornswallow. Dripplesburg soon fell thereafter, and King Piddy was killed. Suddenly after over 130 years of peace and stability, The House of Cornswallow ruled over every acre of the region except Valdorlok.

Vespius called for a group of messengers, and after quickly writing a few lines on a parchment, dripped a large drop of wax on the document, and embossed his seal in the wax with the hilt of his sword. The document was folded crisply and sealed inside an envelope using the same method.
“The five of you will ride to Valdorlok and personally hand this to Queen Saline, by request of Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow. Time is of the essence.”
The five men stood at attention and stared at the prince’s face. Vespius began to frown. “Now!” he suddenly yelled.
“Oh, right!” one said. 
“Yes, yes, right away, sir!” replied another.
The men quickly left the hall and scampered down the stairs like a group of young children on Christmas morning.
After they had left, an eerie quiet fell upon the inner walls of the castle. The great fortress, the home for the Cornswallow family for so many years, seemed vacant now. Most everything of value or of importance had been moved to Rottweillor. The few tapestries on the walls seemed boring and mundane. The stone walls dead and cold. 
Vespius commanded General Reaver to have his men rest and relax while he spent the rest of the day going over important matters with the governor of the region, his uncle, Carlyle Cornswallow, who was also the father of the Governor of Carbuckle, Gulag Cornswallow. 
As he began climbing the stairs to his private chambers, he thought, ‘Soon, Queen Saline would be his, as well as Valdorlok itself. His father would be dead soon after, and if Algebra’s knowledge of the drug was expert enough ― and it was ― King Hector could be kept in a coma-like state for months, to be overdosed at my time of choosing.’
Then, with the ramp complete, and the way for three thousand of King Jolias’ troops opened, he would remake the entire region into a giant staging ground for his army, where the main export would be fighting men, armor, and weapons of combat.
Vespius stood on the landing and stared up at a stained glass portrait of his great grandfather King Pylon, bowing upon one knee, and holding a great sword that cast out rays of white light. 
The crown prince’s eyes glazed over, his expression grew sinister. He saw himself standing on the eastern gate of Valdorlok, looking upon his mighty army as it marched out, down the well-fortified promenade, then turning down the Roman road that wound its way through the Ashen Mountains. By the time Bartok would know of their advance, it would be far too late. From there, he would turn his eyes to Germania, to Gaul, and to Rome itself.
He saw himself standing inside the great structure of the Pantheon, the ocular hole in its curved roof allowing a thick ray of light to beam down upon him. It would be there that they would crown him — with a gold-plated circlet of olive leaves — Emperor Vespius, King of Europe. 
His expression gradually changed to one of pride and cunning satisfaction. He stood in the light of the window and began to smile like an artist envisioning his masterpiece. 
“If only you men had been so ambitious,” he whispered to the glass.
He started to laugh and then lightly skipped his way up the stairs.

*****

The road was at least fairly smooth, and the wagon wheels and the many hooves clopped and clapped and squeaked and ground up the slight incline. Holleeday was in the front seat of the wagon, her hands tightly clenched around the leather reins. She kept her steady, attentive, eyes solely on the road ahead. Delores, sitting next to her, nervously looked around. To her right was a sheer wall of rock that rose steadily up, before gently sloping toward a craggy summit. To her left, a deep chasm that gradually turned to forest as the grade of the mountainside decreased enough to allow the tree’s roots to take hold. Below the trees she could occasionally catch a glimpse of the Mea Culpa River, far below. Looking straight out however, resulted in a wondrous view of the entire area — forest and meadowlands that expanded out to the distant light blue peaks of the Allegorian Range many miles away.
Gazing toward the front, she saw the expertly-built Roman road, paved with thousands of flat stones, which slowly ascended up the side of the mountain. A line of wagons noisily traveled in front of her, with a few armed horsemen trotting in between as extra protection.
Behind her she heard Harv and her son playing some kind of game with a one or two stuffed animals and at least a dozen small wooden soldiers.
“Roar!” Young Harv-2 called out, “I a monst-ah!”
“No, no, no,” Harv replied, then in a deep voice, “I am Ozymandius Ring-Tail, King of the Dunderheads, you cannot defeat me!”
“Roar!”
“Oh, you got me!” Harv’s stuffed raccoon then cried out, slowly dying in the most dramatic way possible.
Holleeday looked over her shoulder for only a second. Truth of the matter was, she was very nervous, and thought the best thing to do was not think about the steep drop that was on her left side, and certainly not to look in that direction.
“Harv, have you ever been down this road?” she nervously asked. 
“Uh, yes, once or twice,” he replied.
“How far before we start descending again?” The anxiety was apparent in her voice as her tone went up and down the musical scales. Harv turned and leaned over her shoulder, while young Harv popped his daddy’s thigh with a wooden soldier.
“At the top of this rise we’re on,” he said, pointing up the road, “it levels out a bit, and then slowly goes down to the river. The road stays pretty close to it for a awhile…there’s a little area down there where most people stop and rest.” 
“Take that!” Harv-2 exclaimed, jabbing a wooden soldier into his father’s thigh.
Harv quickly turned around and said to his son, “Hey! That one hurt.”
Harv 2 giggled loudly and hit him again.
“Oh, yea, I remember, there’s a little dock or something down there,” Delores added.
“Yea.” Harv replied, warding off the killing blows of the wooden swordsmen. “Ah-ha, take that Iron Claw!”
Harv 2 giggled.
Holleeday sweated and kept her left eye closed.
About an hour later, the entire group of wagons and guards pulled to the side of the road for a brief rest. A crystalline stream of water cascaded down the mountainside before amassing in a small pool. The water then ran under a stone bridge and collected into a small stone basin before being released into the river. 
The clearing looked as if it had once been much larger, but had over time become very overgrown. Great marble columns lay scattered upon the ground, while others appeared to be broken just above the decorative base. The area appeared to have been a very ancient temple, or a villa, that was obviously built by Roman craftsmen. However, the actual age of the structure was rather circumspect, for the Romans often built structures that looked much older than they really were ― they were experts when it came to constructing large, majestic, breath-taking piles of rubble. Half-buried columns, broken sculptures, angulated remnants of a crumbling wall, and the obligatory field of scattered stones ― all were used by Roman architects to make the natives think that their recent conquerors had always been there. It was something the Romans had picked up from the Greeks, who used to decorate entire hilltops with skillfully placed ‘ruins’. Take the Acropolis for instance; today, it looks just as it did when it was originally built, for actually finishing the structure would have taken too much time and money, and the Greeks realized that most people soon grow tired of beautiful, pristine buildings, even those built with perfect proportions. Constructing a ruin is not only a lot cheaper, but the end result is an artifact that has a mysterious, primordial quality all its own. The Greeks knew that ‘mystique’ is what keeps people interested, and continually buying tickets to guided tours of their ‘ancient’ and ‘enigmatic’ architectural wonders.
Best of all, the Greeks realized, a ruin gives the impression that its builders were smart enough to construct such magnificent marvels ― but without the burdensome chore of ever actually having to do so.
Along the shoreline of the Mea Culpa, stood many partially submerged marble columns — inexplicably beautiful in their own broken decay ― and all part of the Roman scam. The area was used as a rest stop on the road, or as a place to turn into, so that wagons going in the other direction could pass without trouble. 
Delores drank a ladle full of fresh stream water and gazed out upon the moving currents of the Mea Culpa River. Harv slowly walked up behind her, looking out at the same view.
“This must have once been some kind of grand and mysterious temple, built by the Romans long ago…maybe to worship a river goddess or other aquatic deity. They probably had great festivals here and many a fiery sacrifice.” Harv declared, not knowing what the Romans knew — that there’s a sucker born every fifty-six seconds or so. 
“How far till we can see Fouldune?” Delores asked.
Harv looked downriver. “Just over that hill, I think.” 
She took another ladle of the water and handed it to her husband. “Will we be able to get a good view of the town, or what remains of it?” 
Harv took a big drink and replied, “Not in spring or summer, in the fall or winter you can get a pretty good view…might see just the far edge, depending on how high the trees along the road have grown.”
They sat in silence a while and stared at the counterfeit vestiges of Roman propaganda, before the train of wagons resumed their journey along the slopes of the Ashen Mountains. 

*****

As the sun began to slowly descend in the west, Oldsmobill and his two traveling companions continued their passage through the rough terrain. As they made their way inside a gorge that separated Mount Allegoria from Mount Gagglehorn, Olds noticed a dirt road that wound its way eastward. A large stone block stood next to the entrance, but it was covered in vines and moss. He continued to stare at it as they slowly trotted by. 
Matty was busy telling the two about how he had once stolen an orangutan from the previous Earl of Huckabuck’s private zoo. 
“So’s I got this monkey, or ape…as me zoologist friends in Huckabuck like to call them…and he’s got his long, hairy arms wrapped around my neck and face, and he’s a squawking like a spinster at a wedding reception…”
Olds stopped his horse, and slowly turned the animal back towards the road behind them.
“…and the guard says, ‘What’s all this then?’ and I says…in a high-pitched voice: ‘It’s my new mink stole. They’re all the rage in Vienna and Naples, my good man.’ My hoax was helped by the fact that I was wearing a strapless evening dress at the time…”
Johann, smiling hugely, suddenly noticed Oldsmobill lagging behind, and he slowed his horse as well, before turning in the saddle and looking back at his friend, who seemed to be lost in thought.
Oblivious to all of this was Matty: “And so, he says, ‘Why’s it keep squawking like that?’ and I says: ‘Now see here, my fine fellow…you don’t actually expect me to wear a dead animal around my neck, do you?’ Then, I huffed like one of those high-class womens do. So, the guard blinks a few times and says: ‘Okay, well, you’re either a drunk socialite on the prowl…or a monkey’s uncle. I can’t tell, for sure. Anyway, you may pass, ma’am…’ And that’s how I made my escape.” 
Matty laughed loudly before realizing that he was all alone.
“What’s going on, Olds?” Johann asked.
Oldsmobill, acting like he’d suddenly been awakened, shook his head a little. “Oh, nothing, just…” 
“Did you see something?” Matty asked. 
After a few seconds Olds stopped his horse again and turned to look back at the little road.
“That’s the way to Gagglehorn Mountain,” he replied, pointing.
“Oookay…” Johann answered.
“There’s a monastery up there, well…was…and a tower.” Olds turned back and looked at his two friends, who just stared at him with emotionless looks upon their faces. He scratched his head before turning back around again. “I think that we should go up there,” he confidently declared, having finally made up his mind.
“I thought we were going to Allegoria?” Matty asked, while giving a slight flip of his reins to catch up with the others.
“We are, but there’s something up there I want to see.” 
“Is this about that stone?” Johann suddenly asked, his horse trotting up next to Olds’. He looked upon his friend’s face with puzzled concern.
“Yes.” 
“Think we can get there before nightfall?” Matty asked.
“Perhaps…if we’re lucky. There may still be some people living up there…who knows, we might actually get a decent meal out of this.”
They turned up the smaller road, which had been reclaimed somewhat by the forest in recent years. The trail grew dark and rocky as it ascended up the slope of the mountain. For a while, it ran fairly straight, but then began a winding course around the mountain. The grade of the climb however was consistent, and never too steep.
“What happened up there? I’ve heard a story that a plague or something killed everybody?” Matty grimaced, his apprehension now becoming noticeable.
“Plague?” Johann loudly asked.
“No, it wasn’t a plague…someone killed everyone up there, and took the stone.” Olds replied.
“They killed monks?” Johann exclaimed again, though, this time not quite as dramatic.
“Yes, as I can remember, the Dung Stone was moved here after the mishap with King Vas Deferen, and was here for many years, unnoticed and almost forgotten. They built a tower for it. Until two years ago, when it was taken and everyone killed.” Oldsmobill thought for a second, before adding, “Vespius told me it was outlaws…or maybe the Holy Roman Church.”
“Oh, Vespius, huh? Well…” Matty lowered his voice to a whisper “…it wouldn’t surprise me if he did it, truth be told.”
Olds looked back at the husky man’s face and nodded. “Exactly my thinking.”
“You sure there wasn’t a plague involved?” asked Johann solemnly.
 “I’m positive about that,” Olds laughed. “Besides, you’re from Timbrook, a plague is a cause for celebration there!”
Matty chortled a little while Johann stuck his tongue out. After a few minutes he derisively replied, “It’s actually called the ‘Pestilence Pageant’, thank you.”
Olds and Matty hooted, even as Johann went on to add, “It’s, in fact, a wonderful celebration. Children dress up as their favorite viruses, germs, and bacterium, and dance through the town, and they knock on people’s ditches and say: “Reek or sweets?” and if you say ‘sweets’, then you give them candy or a hardened lump of tree sap.”
“Okay…and if you say ‘reek’?”
“They chuck a rock at your head.” Johann replied, “They then dance around your ditch and sing; ‘Infections, infections, where’s our confections?”
“Wow…” Olds sarcastically replied, “I’m sorry I’ve missed that.” 
“Yea, you’d love it.” Johann quipped, not noticing his colleague’s change in tone, “I once dated the queen of the parade, her name was Molly Hacker, and she was crowned Miss Contagion of 1160.’
“Congratulations,” Olds wheezed.
“Well done!” Matty said.
“Yea, she was quite a beauty…with her painted-on sores and scabs, and her bloated ‘pocketful of poesies’ belt around her waist…and her sash, which was absolutely magnificent and made to look like a gangrenous arm.”
Johann stared up at the twilight sky and deeply sighed, “Ah, she was quite an eye-catching beauty…in a leprous sort of way.” 

As night fell, the three slowly reached a large, level area. Just ahead were a few small shacks, all of which looked deserted. Behind those was the old monastery, which appeared to be burnt-out and empty as well. Towering over them was the monolithic peak of Gagglehorn, with a small crown of snow on its triangular apex.
“Hmm, looks deserted,” Matty said softly. He pulled his stocking cap over his ears and forehead. The temperature was beginning to drop, and the horse’s hoofs echoed in the crisp atmosphere.
“I smell smoke.” Johann replied. He carefully looked around the remnants of the shacks. “Other there.” He said, pointing to a small gray wiggly line of smoke emanating from a chimney above one of the dilapidated buildings.
The three riders slowly trotted near the structure and saw thin creases of light radiating from what appeared to be boarded-up windows. A shadow moved behind the slits, and then another figure looked through the boards.
“Steady mates.” Oldsmobill whispered.
A door slowly creaked open and a man’s head peeked out. It was tanned and lean, with a disheveled head of gray hair and a matching beard, and large apprehensive eyes. “Hullo?” it squeaked.
“Hullo there, sir, we were traveling to Allegoria, and must have taken a wrong turn.” Oldsmobill said in the friendliest voice he could administer.
The gray head slowly moved out onto a little porch and brought with it a dirty and skinny little body, clothed in rags. He was holding, in a rather feeble way, a sword that looked quite rusty and about as sharp as a ripe tomato.
He nervously pointed down the road and answered, “Uh…the road to Allegoria is back that way.”
“Really?” Olds asked, before glancing back. “Well,” he laughed lightly, “Hate to have to make that trip in the dark…say, do you think it would be alright if we stayed over there by that tree and made camp for the night?”
The man looked puzzled. “Why are you here?” he abruptly asked. He then looked upon all three and raised his voice slightly. “Because if your outlaws, you’ll find slim pickin’s in this place!”
“We’re not outlaws, I can assure you of that.” Olds pleasantly answered.
“Hey, you got any spare food around?” Matty asked, tired of the tactful method and cutting straight to the point.
Olds gave his associate a derisive look, but quickly turned back to the old man and added, “We’d be willing to pay for it.” He then smiled his sparkling smile and even flashed his puppy-dog eyes. 
“Aye, I got a rabbit stew that me and the missus were just finishing,” the old man replied.
Johann and Matty immediately dismounted and quickly tied their horses to a small hitching post in front of the house.
“Sounds great!” Johann beamed while rubbing his hands together.
“Wonderful!” Matty enthusiastically seconded.
Olds was a bit slower, but soon followed the others into the dilapidated old building.
Johann walked into the place and was immediately greeted with the wonderful aroma of rabbit stew. He breathed deep and quickly spied a huge pot hanging inside a fireplace. He happily greeted the man’s wife with a hearty ‘How d’ya do, ma’am?’― even though she stood in the corner of the house with a look of fear on her face and a quivering fire poker in her hands. Matty followed and gave her much the same greeting, but he was a tad bolder, and sat down at a little table and began to tuck a napkin into his collar. He eagerly grabbed a spoon and fork and smacked his lips. Olds stood near the door and continued to smile like a dog eating cheese.
“My name’s Oldsmobill.” He said to the dirty old man, holding out his hand. The thin codger responded by handing him a cold fish. Olds, a bit surprised by the gesture, looked down and saw that it wasn’t actually a cold fish, but was in fact, the man’s clammy paw. 
“These are my friends, Johann and Matty.” He declared, pointing each one of them out. Both nodded and licked their lips.
The man slowly followed Olds inside and sat his sword by the door. His wife still trembled in the corner while firmly holding the poker and looking about suspiciously.
“My name’s Custer Turner, and this…” he turned to his wife, and tried his best to comfort her “you can put that down dear, I don’t think they mean us any harm.” 
She slowly took one step forward, let the poker fall with a loud thud, and then slowly retreated back into the corner. The man looked back at Olds. “This is my wife, Nera…” He leaned over to Olds and whispered, “She ain’t too used to company.”
No amount of talking could convince his wife to leave the corner, so Custer, feeling a bit rambunctious and keen on making a good impression, took a large wooden plank and gently pried her out.   
The interior was decorated simply with several rough-hewed chairs and tables, a few landscape paintings on the wall and assorted vases and urns. Lying in a chair by the fireplace was a large ball of yarn and knitting needles, and a half-finished sweater that was bright yellow with a big smiley face on the front.
The kitchen area, around the fireplace, had a collection of hanging pots and pans and several spoons and knives. A little wooden plaque next to a cupboard said: “Good bread. Good meat. Good God! Let’s eat!”
A well-worn bearskin rug covered the floor in front of the fireplace, with an arrow still lodged in the animal’s skull. Two muddy boots sat next to another chair, as well as a stack of frayed crossword-puzzle books.
A much larger table, where everyone was now seated, was situated near the rear of the cottage, with a little boarded-up window behind. A small room on the left contained a bed covered with several hand-sewn blankets, a box of ratty clothes, and a portrait of King Charlemagne painted on black velvet. A door by the bed seemed to lead to the outside and had a little floor mat which was embroidered with the words: “Wipe your paws!”
Custer and his wife set a few colorful bowls on the table and then carefully served the scrumptious dinner to their guests. The three men all dug in as if they had just escaped from a dietary clinic for the criminally obese. 
“Oh, this is wonderful, Mrs. Turner.” Johann graciously declared between spoonfuls. Matty and Olds hummed in agreement. She batted her eyes and chimed out a note or two that resembled “Thank you.”
“So, what you boys doin’ up here?” Custer asked.
“Well, we came to see the monastery.” Olds replied. 
The place grew quiet, except for Johann and Matty’s rather loud eating habits. Custer looked at his wife, and then back at Olds.
“What for?” he somberly asked.
Olds took a couple more bites before gently positioning his spoon in the bowl. Looking over at his two hosts, he quietly inquired, “Were you two here when the monks were all killed?”
Silence filled the interior of the little bungalow, as even Johann and Matty quit their consuming activities. They both stopped abruptly in mid-chew, their spoons poised right outside their opened mouths. Their eyes slowly moved toward the accommodating husband and wife.
“Aye.” Custer sadly answered. “Well, we lived here, but ran for our lives at the first sight of ‘em.”
“That’s why we’re still breathing today.” Nera added.
“We heard the horses, lots of them, and I peeked out my window and saw them all…most went east toward the tower, but quite a few went right in the monastery.” Custer’s voice was very emotional now, and his wife softly patted his shoulder to comfort him.
“I woke the missus and out the back we went…down the hill a ways. Then a few more men came and set fire to all the shops and houses, and they killed…” he stopped, his eyes beginning to water.
“There, there…” his wife tenderly consoled him.
Olds looked down, somewhat ashamed at bringing the matter up. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know…” he meekly said.
Custer’s hand lightly grasped Olds shoulder. “They killed anyone that ran out of the houses, and kept many trapped inside to…just burn.”
“They ran them down, they even circled our house looking into the forest for us, but we were lucky I guess,” Nera whispered.
Johann and Matty now looked on in disbelief, and each put down his spoon and keenly listened.
“Screams…god-awful screams…filled the air, that, and fire…and smoke. It was like looking into the gates of hell itself.” Custer recollected, while wiping his eyes. “Then we heard several cries coming from the monastery and after that, the fire erupted from inside the place and lit up the whole mountain.”
“It was so bright that we ran further on down the hill so that we wouldn’t be spotted.” 
“That’s when we found Abe Miller and his family…his wife and his three girls…all cuddled up in a stream bed.”
“Who did it?” Olds asked.
“Soldiers.” Custer whispered, then instinctively looked about.
“It weren’t no outlaws, it was definitely…well-trained soldiers.” Nera softly added.
Matty leaned in, “Cornswallow men?” 
“They were all wearing long black cloaks, and hoods, but they had long swords and pikes and they were riding huge horses.” The woeful man responded. “They may have been Cornswallow men, but they didn’t have any banners or insignias.”
“I guarantee it was Cornswallow men, probably Royal Guard.” Matty firmly stated.
Olds nodded his head and looked over toward him. “Who else would have such a cavalry?”
“King Piddy…?” Matty asked, but shook his head despondently soon after.
“It weren’t King Piddy, he had too much invested in this place. He paid to have the place expanded. He saw it as a way of strengthening his alliance with the church.” Custer replied in a bold tone of voice.
Olds leaned back in his chair and glanced over at Johann, who raised his eyebrows and whispered, “Vespius.”
They looked upon one another slowly and seeing that all were in agreement with Johann’s assumption, began to unhurriedly eat a little more of the stew. Custer took two large spoonfuls of the steamy broth himself, and after a couple gulps from a small terra cotta cup, he spoke again.
“It’s odd how two years go by and hardly no one comes up here, and you boys arrive, and just a few days ago, some horsemen came up and headed over to that tower.”
“What?” Olds asked in astonishment. 
“Yep, there were about twenty or so, and a wagon. We were so scared we ran out the back and down the hill again. These were definitely Cornswallow men, they were all proudly wearing the uniform of the Royal Guard.”
“A wagon, you say?”
“Yep, four horses pulling it.”
“Tell me, did you see, a gray pyramid-like thing in the back?”
Custer’s eyes widened as well. He pointed a bony finger at Oldsmobill and inquired, “Yea, how did you know?”
“I saw it leave Rottweillor a few days ago.”
“Really?”
“Along with Vespius and his troops.”
Matty leaned across the table slightly, “Were they the same men that burned the monastery down, you think?”
“Don’t know for sure. They most certainly could have been…same mighty horses…” Custer took a sip of tea, and then pointed at Oldsmobill, and whispered, “I believe they were the same, yes.”
“Wonder why Vespius came back?” Johann asked.
Olds rubbed his lips with his index finger, “Maybe he didn’t get everything he wanted the first time.”
“I couldn’t see none of their faces, but I will tell you this, I told the missus to sneak down the hill a ways and hide out, while I cut across to where the road is, and hid inside a bush and waited.” 
Custer began to stuff a pipe with a couple of dried, light-brown leaves. “I sat there for quite some time, until I sees the horsemen leaving, and they all stormed past. Now, you can believe me or not, but I know what I saw…” 
He lit the pipe and took several draws as the ingredients of the little bowl turned orange and gray.
Matty leaned forward ― not because he was anxiously waiting to hear what Custer had to say, but because he wanted a few puffs himself. He opened his mouth, but decided it best to wait a few more minutes.
“After the men in black left, there was this other bunch…they had these huge crimson helmets which came down to their shoulders.” He took another long puff. “And after a few of them passed, this big wagon came down the road, it had four horses and that big triangle thing on the back.”
The man took another draw, and looking over at Matty ― who didn’t conceal his desire for a smoke ― made a soliciting expression toward him if he wanted a draw, which Matty enthusiastically nodded for.
“Was the stone here? I mean, was it at the tower before they arrived?”
“What stone?” Custer asked.
Olds looked oddly at him, “The Vision Stone.”
Both of the Turners looked slightly puzzled. “Don’t know nothing about any stone.” Custer replied.
Olds leaned forward, his knees almost touching his host’s, “The tower was built to hide a stone, you didn’t know about this?” he asked.
“I’ve lived here twenty years, and I never heard of no stone ever being kept in that tower.”
Olds looked toward Nera who slowly nodded her head ‘no.’
After a short, low hum, Olds looked back at Johann and Matty. His left eyebrow lifted slightly. He then turned back to the husband and wife and smiled again. Rising to his feet, he stretched and rubbed his stomach. “Thank you very, very much for your hospitality, the dinner was the best we’ve had in quite some time.”
He next reached into his pouch and pulled out five gold coins and handed them to Custer, who graciously declined, but Olds insisted, and the old man finally took them. “Sir, this is too much for a simple stew…”
“No, you keep it, I wish I could give you more.” Olds smiled broadly. “Thank you.”
He lightly patted Custer on the shoulder. “And I appreciate you confiding in us in regards to what…well, what happened here.” he added. Oldsmobill leaned over and shook Custer’s hand again, which was much warmer now and not near as fish-like. “Is there a barn or something where we could sleep for the night?”
“Yes, it’s not a barn though, it was a house that we helped Abe and his family build after the fire destroyed everything. But, they moved off some time ago.” Custer replied.
“There was about twelve or so us that survived, and we salvaged what we could and rebuilt…” Nera said.
“But, without the monastery, well, we don’t see many people up here anymore.” Custer gravely added.
Johann thanked both profusely and rapidly shook their hands. “Great meal, really hit the spot, thank you, thank you,” he happily bubbled.
Matty thanked them both as well, and then asked, “Hey, you wouldn’t have an extra pipe, would you? And a little of that leaf to spare?”
He traded the stolen scythe for both items and gleefully walked next door, whistling and showing Olds and Johann, “See,” he proudly spouted, “I told you that scythe would come in handy. I harvested a pipe and some sweet leaf to go with it.”

They bedded down for the night inside the weather-beaten house, and used their extra clothes as pillows. The next morning they awoke early, and Johann sensed a wonderful aroma drifting in the air. After sniffing the atmosphere for several seconds and looking about, he suddenly jumped up and exclaimed: “Breakfast!”
His other two companions stirred about soon afterwards and slowly made their way back toward the Turner’s house. Johann was already seated and enjoying a fine meal of biscuits and fried eggs, with a little bowl of potatoes and carrots in a buttery broth. He soaked up the yolk with a biscuit and fed his smiling face.
“Oh, good morning gentlemen. I thought you’d might like a hearty breakfast to ‘seize the day’.” Nera said, while setting two more plates on the table.
“Wonderful! Thank you, ma’am.” Matty gushed. He quickly sat down and scratched his wool cap in anticipation.
“Thank you very much.” Oldsmobill stated. He sat down as well. He was still rather groggy and the hair on the left side of his head resembled a tan tsunami.
Custer soon came through the door, carrying a load of wood that he had gotten from the walls of an old shop across the road.
“Ah, leave a little for me boys.” He happily exclaimed while dropping the wooden planks by the fireplace. He sat down at the head of the table and after a few bites, turned to Olds.
“So, you boys heading for Allegoria today?” he asked.
Johann, with almost an entire biscuit in his mouth replied, “Nope, we’re staying right here!” he joyfully laughed.
“Yes, though I thought we might check out the monastery and the tower before we go,” Olds said.
Custer moaned in response. “Ain’t much left I’m afraid. Burnt timbers are about all you’ll find.”

After the meal, Matty sat on the porch outside the house and looked around at the remains of the little settlement. He smoked his pipe and hummed to himself.
Custer, Johann and Oldsmobill slowly walked through the remnants of the town, with Johann occasionally belching loudly. 
“Over there was a blacksmith shop, and next to that was Herriman’s house.” The nimble old gent said while puffing his pipe. He pointed at the structures, which were all compiled of timbers and boards that were singed on the edges or ended abruptly in blackened nubs. All the structures were badly overgrown. Some had vines creeping across the bottom of the walls, while others had small shrubs growing inside them, or young saplings just beginning to break through what remained of their roofs.
“Why did you stay here, Custer?” Johann asked.
The leathery man stood and looked about him, taking a long draw from his pipe and sending out a curling line of smoke from between his lips. 
“I was a leather tanner by trade…did my apprenticeship in Dripplesburg…and when I had enough to start my own shop, I decided on moving here. I thought it would be good for my two boys to grow up close to the monastery and maybe get a good edjumacation.” 
Olds looked inside of what appeared to be half of a house. He picked up an old jug and examined it before tossing it further inside. Custer placed his hands on his waist. He spoke from the corner of his mouth, through clenched teeth, while small puffs of smoke exited with each word.
“One of my sons moved to Valdorlok and still works there as a tanner in the market…his name is Paisley…he’s a good boy, comes and sees us ever now and then, always brings us a box of the famous Valdorlok fudge.” He smiled and took the pipe out of his mouth.
“Our other boy, Herbie, well, he joined the army, and was killed at Tarmac Plain, fighting for King Piddy.” He took another long draw. “Good boy he was too.” He looked at the two men’s attentive gaze and smiled. “Me and the missus, well, we thought of leaving after the fire, like everyone else…and truth be told, we probably still consider it every time we travel down to Poutsland for supplies, but, well…”
Custer looked up at the monastery and slowly began to walk in that direction. Olds and Johann soon followed. Matty quickly tagged along as well, even though he was several paces behind the trio.
The monastery was a huge stone square, the front of the structure being far lower in height than the back, and was at one time, surrounded by a large courtyard. A huge, charred gate lay in front of the structure, and as the men walked through the opening they saw the massive black timbers still strewn around the place. Custer stood just inside and looked around as Olds and Johann stepped a few feet in front of him.
“It’s like…who will remember this place, after we’ve gone?” Custer said softly, his voice echoing off the stone walls. “Who will know what a great place this once was?”
Olds turned and looked back at the man smoking his pipe. “Why didn’t they rebuild it?” he asked.
“Don’t know,” Custer replied. A moment later, he smirked. “Afraid of ghosts I suppose.” He pointed to the left corner of the courtyard, where a large, roughly modeled stone cross stood among the high grass. “King Piddy’s soldiers buried the monks and the priest’s bodies there. Me and a few others buried the villager’s remains just outside the wall, overlooking the hillside.”
Custer turned and looked at Olds. “King Piddy thought it was the church that did this, and that made him very afraid, he didn’t want to know anything more about what had happened or who was responsible…so, they just buried the dead and turned their backs on the details of this massacre.”
To their right was a small garden, up against the remains of the wall. It was here that Custer and his wife now cultivated their food stocks, and several tomato, squash, and potato plants grew around a few wooden stakes. Johann walked by the garden and looked upon the plantings, lightly touching a few of the leaves.
Custer laughed. “You know, those monks hauled cartloads of fertile soil all the way up from the valley, and dumped it all within these walls, they had beautiful gardens once, and the vegetables they grew here were huge and quite tasty.”
Matty joined the three and looked about the remains with a serious look on his face. “Takes a vile man to destroy a place like this,” he said.
Olds looked back at him and slowly nodded his head in agreement.

Within the hour, the three amigos packed up their belongings and saddled their horses and took a slow trot down a trail that wound around the plateau. The forest was slowly reclaiming the land and the trail disappeared beneath a layer of tall grass and shrubs. After passing through a large stone archway, the forest abruptly ended, and a sculpted stone ledge went around the side of a cliff face, a small wall, about two-foot high, separated the road from the steep slope that descended down to the tree line below. The sun sparkled brightly upon the riders and made them squint.
“Think it’s safe?” Johann asked.
“Let’s hope,” Olds replied. Looking upon the ledge, he noticed that it had been extremely well built, and though certainly worn, did not look close to collapsing anytime soon. They slowly trotted around the edge of the cliff and toward the left, where the ledge turned back into a road and descended slightly down to a thin line of trees. From their vantage point they could see the entire forest to the northeast and the remainder of the Allegorian range as it continued on in the same direction.
Several large boulders covered the trail at this point and all three looked up at the towering stone cliffs that rose up toward the peak of Mount Gagglehorn. They gently led their horses into the edge of the woods to go around, and after turning a corner, saw the lofty structure of Gagglehorn Tower. Around it was a small clearing, and the monolith stood eerily quiet and solemn on a level patch at the top of a large incline.
Two bulky pillars stood at an entranceway, and the three men rode toward it slowly. The tower itself stood high and stoic, with a stone rim around the top and the burned out remains of a spherical slate roof that extended above that. Vines slowly grew around the base of the enormous structure. The entrance doorway was empty and allowed a view into the dark rubble that lay scattered inside. 
After dismounting, Olds carefully walked up a few stone step and into the tower’s entryway. It was a large structure at the base, slowly contracting as it rose upward. The walls were charred black, but mosaic designs could still be seen, peeking out occasionally from under the blackened film. Several massive joists lay strewn about, as well as pieces of slate and burnt timbers from the roof.  Looking up, he saw a spiral series of holes in the stone where a twisting staircase had once been connected and had at one time led to the very top of the tower. 
Johann broke the silence by asking, “So, where was this stone held?”
“Maybe it was up at the top?” Matty said, looking up at the burnt wreckage above them.
“I don’t know.” Olds whispered. He began looking around the floors and walls. “Hmm, maybe…beneath it?”  He then noticed several footprints on the floor and started to follow them.
Matty and Johann started looking around as well. They dug about the rubble and kicked at the charred planks, hoping to find some type of entrance. Meanwhile, Oldsmobill made his way through the maze of broken timbers until he was near the back of the tower.
“Careful Olds, it don’t look too safe in there.” Matty said. Olds only hummed in acknowledgement. He took his hand and wiped some of the black ash off the walls and exposed what appeared to be a colorful arc of mosaic tiles. He saw where apparently someone else had wiped away the blackness below the curve. There were several chunks of what appeared to be plaster scattered on the ground, and looking up, he saw that a sizable section of the plaster on the wall had been recently removed. Behind the plaster was a metal surface. He then moved to his left, and just above his head was a rusty and blackened metal candleholder cast in the image of a praying cherub. 
Johann suddenly peeked through the wreckage behind Olds and asked, “Find something?”
“I think so, Olds replied. Then, noticing a small space below the cherub, and a handprint on the top of it, he reached up and pulled down on the candleholder. The wall in front of him made a loud mechanical ‘click’ as if a latch had been released. He lightly pushed on the wall and it swung open with the squeaking sound of old, rusty hinges.
“Whoa!” Johann exclaimed.
“What?” Matty asked from the other side of the tower.
“I think we’re going to need some torches.” Olds breathlessly replied.

After Matty found two nice timbers, he wrapped the ends of each with a shirt that he had torn in half. He then doused them both in a bit of the rye whiskey he had gotten from the spitting junk dealer. A small flint was used to ignite the firebrands.
Soon after, Oldsmobill was holding one of the torches in front of him. He gazed upon a set of stone stairs leading down to a landing that then turned to the right. By the door were numerous cobwebs and water gently trickled between the stones. After a few steps, he noticed that the walls were adorned with all types of strange artwork. Some of the pictures looked like men hunting a large creature with tusks, while another showed a figure in Greek armor looking over a large bridge that stretched out toward a distant city on an island.
Olds turned the corner and saw another set of stairs that descended to another landing, then another right hand turn. Footprints going in both directions littered the steps.
“It’s awfully steep.” Johann whispered.
“Aye, and slippery.” Matty added.
Olds carefully passed through the second landing, examining the artwork as he went. There was a picture of a man in a toga addressing a crowd, next to that was a row of crucified figures. Beyond that was a series of portraits of generals and kings, and finally, a painting of Vas Deferen ― holding a bright stone above his head. The great king’s eyes looked like two large snowballs with a tiny piece of coal placed at the center. 
At the end of the last set of stairs was an archway, painted with several eyes around an arch. He slowly passed through the artifice and entered a large, dark room. With his torch casting the walls with an orange glow, and Matty’s torch soon adding more light, they saw an expansive and highly decorated space. All three stood and lightly gasped. 
The walls were adorned with all manner of paintings ― some showed ancient battles and armies, other showed men in dark suits with ties. There were strange block-shaped buildings rising above similar structures, and massive explosions. There were horrible-looking machines producing some type of molten liquid, while others appeared to be expelling projectiles or were ablaze. 
“What is all this?” Matty warbled in disbelief. 
“Images of the past and the future,” Olds declared. He continued to scan the walls. Some of these images he had seen when he first ate of the porridge, others were completely foreign to him. He turned and saw a huge stone slab in the middle of the room, on top of it was a large, carved, indention that was shaped somewhat like the state of New Jersey.
“This is where the stone was kept,” he stated with confidence. Matty and Johann quietly stepped over and inspected the slab.
“The people that burned the monastery, did they take it?” Johann asked. Olds looked around and then peered up at the ceiling.
“No, Vespius came and got it a few days ago,” he replied. Still looking up, he noticed that the ceiling was unpainted, and shone with a silvery gleam. He quickly handed the torch to Johann and began climbing on top of the stone slab.
“What are ya doin’ Olds?” Johann inquisitively asked.
“There’s something odd about this roof.” He replied. He pulled a small dagger from his boot and gently scrapped the roof.  It easily peeled away into a little curl of material.
After pulling it off, he jumped back down, and stared intensely at the little curl. “It’s lead.” He exclaimed.
“Lead?” Matty asked. “Why would they coat the place in lead?”
“Olds looked at his two companions in the glow of the torches. “Maybe lead…somehow…contains the effect the stone has on people.” He furrowed his eyebrows. He then looked about. “I think that’s what the pyramid was covered with, and Custer said that the horsemen around the wagon had helmets larger than usual, maybe…”
“Made with lead?” Johann asked, looking about as well.
“Naw, they’d be too heavy to wear.” Matty added.
Olds whispered, “Maybe they were just lined with the substance.”
“So, what d’ya think Olds…that Vespius actually has the stone?” Johann asked.
Olds took a long look around the room, and then turned back to his friend.
“I’m afraid so.” He answered in a troubled voice. “He knew Bishop Lamprey was here, he had met him before, or at least, that’s what he told me. So, he comes back and kills him, and Master Beluga…then burns any evidence, and kills any witnesses. At the time, he probably thought the stone was in this tower, but it wasn’t, it was under it.”
Olds looked upon his two companions, their faces etched with nervousness. “So, he finally finds out, from Lamprey’s writings, perhaps, where the stone really was, and …” Olds then looked up at the ceiling, “He must have gotten a clue about how lead suppresses the stone’s power…so he put two and two together, and then, just a few days ago, while I was lounging in his castle, he rides out here and finds it.”
“So, the stone is at Rottweillor Castle?” Matty asked.
“I don’t know, maybe he took it to Walder.” 
“Did you see that pyramid wagon thingy return to the castle?” Johann inquired.
“No, but he could have come back in the middle of the night,” Olds answered, slowly rubbing his jaw. 
Matty gently waved his finger in the air, remembering the night in question: “While we were all at the bar getting silly-ass drunk, no doubt.”




Chapter Fifteen: Blackmail is the Highest Form of Flattery


The wagon train of trade goods reached a level area of ground after a long ascent up the Roman road. Each driver slowly began pulling his team of horses over to the side of the road and into a small clearing to rest for the night. There was a diminutive station-house off to the side, with a couple of minimum-wage security guards that appeared to live on the premises. The accompanying mounted guards tied their mounts to a small hitching post out front and began laughing and stretching their tired backs and legs. Many of the wagon drivers and attendants walked about and did the same while tying down their loads and taking the harnesses off of their horses.
Harv pulled in behind a wagon piled high with bags of meal and seeds. His wife was lying in the back of the wagon with his son. Both were sound asleep. His mother-in-law, Holleeday, sat next to him in the wagon’s rectangular seat, her head propped up against his shoulder. She was snoring very loud and the sound emanating from her lips reminded Harv of an out-of-tune bassoon with a bad spit-valve. When the wagon finally came to a stop, everyone woke up except Harv-2.
“Huh? Where are we?” Holleeday asked, smacking her lips.
“Rest station…about halfway to Carbuckle,” replied Harv.
“Ooh.” Delores yawned and stretched out her arms. Harv jumped down off the wagon and stretched his limbs as well, and rubbed his sore butt. “I thought this road was fairly smooth until I actually rode a wagon over it,” he moaned. “We definitely need some kind of padding for that seat…or I need thicker britches.” 
A man with a little piggish nose, three teeth, and a wiry gray and black beard that appeared to have exploded upon his face, hopped off the wagon in front of them and wheezed, “We’s gonna make a big pot of beggar’s stew…everyone’s invited.” 
“Beggar’s stew?” Harv asked, smiling.
“Ya, bring a potato, or a carrot, or anything else you got that’s near edible.” He laughed a hoarse laugh which sounded like sandpaper rubbing over a raw piece of meat.
“That should be…interesting,” Delores laughed.
“Yes, ma’am, ‘tis always a surprise.” He tipped his hat and after tugging on a few lines wrapped around his cargo, added, “We’ll keep the talk civil if you ladies are present.” He laughed again, took a couple of steps and jerked a terra-cotta jug off of his wagon seat.
“That is, until we’s get good n’ drunk…then all bets are off! Hee-haw.” Then, off in the direction of the station he waddled.
Harv looked upon his family and asked, “You want me to get us a bowl, or three?” he asked.
Holleeday was not very impressed with the menu and growled. “Ruffians, I will start my own fire back here, thank you.”
Delores laughed and pulled three potatoes from a sack near the back of the cart. Digging a bit deeper, she pulled out a celery stalk. “Here, Harv, contribute to the feast, and maybe we’ll try a couple of bowls in a little while.”
Harv smiled and ambled toward the campfire. There was quite a crowd gathering around the flames, and a huge cast-iron pot sat on a large metal pole above the fire pit. Several men dropped in all sorts of items: salted pork and jerky, a variety of vegetables and even some canned tuna. Harv handed the potatoes to a large man wearing a chef’s hat. He quickly sliced the vegetables into huge pieces and dumped them in. 
“Care for a swig, my friend?” The man with the wild beard asked, holding the little brown jug out to Harv’s surprised face.
“Sure,” he replied. His took a mouthful of what immediately tasted like rat poison and instantly felt it burn the front of his tongue, the sides of his tongue, the back of his tongue, the roof of his mouth, his uvula, the inside of his cheeks, his tonsils, and his entire throat all the way down to his stomach. Once inside the acidy organ, the concoction somehow managed to reach up through his nerve endings and give his brain a good, swift kick. Harv’s left eye twitched as he handed the jug back to the man. Being a great actor under pressure, though, the spindly taxidermist performed magnificently. He gasped lightly and began breathing through his nose. 
“Thanks…that’s pretty good,” he replied cheerfully. He would have said more but his tongue refused to move another millimeter. He grinned and graciously nodded instead. He stood around and listened to the men a little, taking a step back every few seconds. They’d tell their stories and jokes and he’d take another slight step back. They’d look about to see if the women were present and then lightly voice a dirty joke, and Harv would take another step back. Soon he was behind them all, at which point he turned and ambled back to his family. 
They weren’t bad men; just transport drivers, and traders ― men who lived on the road. They would spend a couple of days in town like the river men did, but then it was back to work. Their skin was tanned, dark and leathery. Their hair was unkempt but mostly hidden by large-brimmed hats or handkerchiefs. Good men, all in all, and hard working men. But, Harv had a family, and even though these men were all here, along with the guards and armed assistants, there was always danger about. So Harv dutifully headed back to his wagon.
His mother in law had a little fire going and what looked like a small pot of tea. Delores sat on the wagon tailgate and sliced some bread. While his son, yawning and rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, looked on sheepishly.
“It’ll be done in a few minutes, I think,” said Harv.
“They’re cooking up a vile feast up there, I’m sure,” Holleeday grumbled. “Full of chicken heads, beaver tails, and head lice, no doubt…hmmpf! No thanks, I’d rather eat my shoe.”
Harv went back and got a couple bowls of the stew, which was quite delicious, although he did happen to find a chicken head floating in his. He made sure his mother-law wasn’t looking and quickly tossed the fowl’s foul noggin into the woods. 
Delores sat on the wagon’s tailgate and shared her meal with their son, who seemed to enjoy each mouthful by smacking his lips loudly.
Holleeday ate some bread and gnawed on a raw potato, acting as if it was a broiled lobster tail. They sat around the fire for a bit, while the men around the station laughed and sang. A few filtered out to their wagons for bed, while others unrolled bedrolls on the ground and snoozed there. A couple of guards walked around and kept a close eye on the road.
“Hullo,” One of the guards said as he passed by the Matter’s wagon.
Harv greeted him and asked, “So, is this place pretty safe?” 
The guard looked down the road. He was wearing a brown uniform with a yellow stripe down each side of his pants. A small, yellow star was embroidered on each of his shirtsleeves. “Ya, ain’t many bandits going to go to all this trouble for potatoes and oatmeal.” He looked over and nodded. “ Of course…you can never be too careful.”
“Would you like some tea?” Delores asked.
“Hmm,” the guard replied, “thank you, don’t mind if I do.”
She handed him a cup and he leaned against the wagon and softly sipped. He was a middle-aged man, heavy build, with dark hair. A large scar ran across his right cheekbone and disappeared into his gray-accented beard. A small tin badge was pinned to his left pocket and glistened in the moonlight. “So’s…where you folks headin’?” he asked in a friendly manner.
“Carbuckle, then maybe on to Rottweillor,” Harv replied.
“Ya, so why’s you going this way?”
Harv was busy thinking of something to say ― without having to say too much. Thankfully, Delores was there to bail him out. “We heard it’s safer then goin’ through Fouldune,” she replied.
The guard nodded. “Ya, might be…with a family and all. Fouldune can be treacherous. There’s no law there keeping the bandits under control.”
“That’s what we heard,” Harv replied, while slowly looking away. 
“If you don’t mind, I’m going to check up front, I’ll bring your cup back to ya on my next round,” he said, and began to head back toward the station house. “Thanks again, and sleep well.”
“You’re quite welcome,” Delores said.
Harv sat on the wagon tailgate next to his wife and son and stared at the stars. After a few minutes, Harv-2 leaned against his father’s shoulder and started nodding off. 
Harv softly caressed his young boy’s head full of dark hair. He looked over at his wife and asked, “Do you think Gravy will send someone after us?” 
“I don’t know,” she whispered. 
He looked to the north, and into the darkness of the forest. A few hundred feet below them was the Mea Culpa, gently moving along with few worries or cares among its currents. He sighed. 
“Maybe we should’ve headed east, away from the region altogether. Maybe south,” he lightly breathed.
“Maybe, Harv…but, we’ll be all right.” She smiled and kissed his cheek. “Gravy’s influence is just around Fouldune. And if he does send someone after us…”
“Yes?” he asked, looking upon her face. He was captivated by how it was lightly glowing in the moonlight.
“We’ll take care of us and ours,” she confidently replied. Harv slowly nodded. He leaned over and they kissed briefly, before she took their son in her arms and laid him down to sleep on a pile of soft fur. Delores then put her arms around her husband’s waist and gently placed her head upon his shoulder.
He heard her light breathing, and behind him the whispering breath of his son, accompanied by the louder snores of his mother-in-law who was fast asleep on the seat of the wagon.
“Yes,” he whispered, “You’re right. Everything’s gonna be alright.”

*****

Governor Gravy Acklander, meanwhile, had bigger fish to fry ― namely, a large mouth bass that he was trying to cook over a fire pit behind the Town Center Building. He heard the hoofs and lumbered to the road, where he soon saw a horseman galloping rapidly. The rider turned down for the river and Gravy slyly smiled.
Minutes later the big greaseball was eating his cooked fish at his desk. Small, thin bones were littered about the paperwork, as well as tiny pieces of overcooked, white fish flesh. As he had expected, in marched Sergeant Woolsely, who clicked his heels in front of Gravy’s desk.
“Sir!” The soldier barked. “We have received our orders from the Viceroy of Military Affairs.”
Gravy sucked on his teeth. “…And?”
“Sir, we have been instructed to follow your men into Timbrook as a show of force and solidarity, but we will not be allowed to either engage, or to be involved, in the apprehension or confinement of any suspects.”
“So, I have to send more men, and you’re what…just going to follow them…?”
“Sir, those are my orders,” Sergeant Woolsely declared. He stood at attention, his right arm pressed firmly against his forehead.
“Very well,” Gravy replied, pulling a few bones out of his teeth. He smacked his lips and licked his fingers, which he then dried by wiping them on the meaningless documents laying atop his desk. “Tomorrow morning at sunup, we will leave for Timbrook.”
“Yes sir!” Sergeant Woolsely barked out.
Gravy rose and took a couple of steps, and then tapped his brow. “Oh, right…dismissed.”
“Yes sir.” Sergeant Woolsely made his trademarked precision turn and marched out of the office. 
After a few moments, Gravy called for his top henchman Rico ― by sticking his head out of the office and yelling: “Rico!”
The large mutton chop bounded up to the door. 
“Yea?” he kaboodled.
“Have twenty of my men ready by sunup. We’re going back to Timbrook,” Gravy commanded, before patting Rico on the shoulder.
The underling smiled devilishly. “Har-har,” He attempted to laugh, but it was more like an accented growl.
“Tomorrow morn, they will know not to mess with me, and they will most certainly pay for Two-Tone and Heaves’ deaths.” Gravy vociferously vocalized a maniacal laugh until a fish bone became lodged in his throat. After a bit of coughing ― with Rico swatting him rapidly on the back ― the offending little bit of fish skeleton was expelled and Gravy looked around nervously.

Earlier that day, the search party had finally found Two-Tone’s body in the swamp. He was buried waist-deep in a large puddle of soft ooze, his legs sticking straight up and spread apart, looking a lot like a large, leather-legged wishbone.  
They had buried Two-Tone’s body just that afternoon in a little ceremony attended by Gravy’s dwindling number of dark-eyed minions, as well as a few hookers, and Two-Tone’s tailor, who would greatly miss his former client’s unique ebony and ivory fashion sense. 
After a few words by Gravy ― specifically: “He lived, he died, so be it.” ― they threw Two-Tone’s body into a hole that the funeral procession had luckily stumbled upon near the river, before solemnly covering his body with a cartload of table scraps. One of the attending prostitutes then placed a flower setting on his rather smelly grave that read: ‘Happy Anniversary Joe & Susan’. 
The attending crowd, as was traditional in those times, took their turns urinating on the plot, before dancing off to the bar to celebrate and wash off their shoes.

The next morning Governor Acklander’s men assembled in front of his office. They were all quite well-dressed. Each had a set of chain mail armor and a black tunic with a large yellow ‘F’ emblazoned on the front. Some citizens said that the letter stood for ‘Fouldune’, others thought it stood for Gravy’s favorite form of entertainment. 
Each of the guards had swords attached to their belts, while a few also carried a large pike that had a yellow banner attached near the pointy part.
Gravy looked down the street and saw ten of the Royal Guard come galloping up, looking as foreboding and impressive as always. At the front was Sergeant Woolsely, in full military uniform, His black armored helmet shining in the morning light, with a red ostrich plum fluttering in the breeze.
“Sir,” he loudly barked, “we await your orders.”
“Fine,” Gravy replied, “Go to Timbrook…question and apprehend all who may have been involved in these deaths. Bring all suspects back here, even if that means tearing the entire town apart. Which, by what I’ve heard, should only take a couple of minutes. Leave no stone unturned, especially if there is someone living under it. ” Gravy smiled and stood proudly with his hands on his waist. “Now, go!” He suddenly shouted, and the entire force galloped down the road. He laughed as he saw them leave, until the dust they kicked up made him violently cough.
He spat a gob of spit toward the road and hacked loudly before finally producing a gasping laugh, which he repeated several times. “Ha-ha!” 
He punched the underling Rico in the shoulder and snorted like a mule with a lisp. “Power, Rico! That’s the thing…power! Makes me feel alive!” He continued to laugh before finally leaning toward his subordinate and whispering: “Run over to Vera’s and tell Bambie that ‘the big dog needs a little attention’. I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
Rico smiled, and replied, “Right, boss.”
As Gravy watched him leave, he started to laugh again. He then started coughing and his face grew red as spittle dripped from his lips. After the spasm ended, he looked about the road to see if anybody had been watching and slowly staggered into his office.

*****

The three riders stared upon the town of Poutsland, a small rural community that eked out a living in a less fertile part of the valley. They had been riding all night, as Olds was very anxious to get back to some type of civilization. All three of them were very tired, and Matty especially had a hard time staying awake, and consequently, staying upon his horse. He was presently slumped over in the saddle, with his arms around his horse’s neck, and snoring loudly. 
“Let’s get some tea,” Johann yawned.
“Sounds good,” Olds replied. 
The blonde leader of the tres hombres had taken the liberty of tying Matty’s horse’s reins to his saddle, and had piloted the sleepy rider for the last couple of hours. He now pushed upon the sleeping man’s shoulder and said: “Wake up Fatty.”
Which brought the slack-jawed man around. “Huh?” he asked.
“Time for tea,” Johann cheeped, before starting down the road to the settlement.
They soon stopped at a little shop right on the outskirts of town, where a woman was roasting sausages. The booth of her shop had all sorts of pork-links hanging from the rafters and she had to continually dodge them as she went about her cooking. Johann hopped off his horse and pleasantly asked, “Is that ginger tea, I smell?”
The lady glanced over her shoulder and smiled. “Ya, two coppers a cup.”
“Great! And a sausage link too, please. Mmm…that sage smells really good,” Johann replied.
Oldsmobill walked up beside him laughing, “Make that two,” he said. He glanced over at Johann and added, “You’re becoming quite the connoisseur aren’t you?”
“Oh, just because someone is raised on deep-fried shoes and hog’s nose casserole, doesn’t mean they can’t, uh…refine…their palette,” he happily beamed. 
Olds smirked and looked back at Matty, who was drooping in his saddle again, this time though, he was leaning back, his head just above the horse’s tail and his feet high in the stirrups, which stretched straight out from around the bottom of the horse’s neck. He snored loudly, and a small thistledown fluttered above his mouth with each breath.
Oldsmobill continued to scan the little town that surrounded him. The settlement of Poutsland wasn’t nearly as big as Carbuckle or Rottweillor, but was fairly close in size to that of Fouldune. There wasn’t any type of marketplace really, just a few shops along the main road. 
Houses sat right next to tanneries and blacksmith shops, with large grassy spaces in between. Just outside the road were several larger houses, and a couple of them had been converted into inns or an inn-tavern combo, while others remained family residences. Most of the buildings had thatch or slatted roofs and seemed well cared for. Farmlands filled the expanse around the town, stretching outward with nice square patches of oat, barley and rye, growing steadily, but due to the less fertile soil, were somewhat lower in height than was the norm in nearby regions. 
Oldsmobill and Johann sat on a couple of barrels beside the sausage shop and enjoyed their little breakfast. Johann especially enjoyed the tea. 
“Where to now, Olds?” he asked, nibbling on a piece of sausage.
“We’ll stay here and rest up a bit, I think.”
“Ya, good idea,” Johann replied.
“Then, we’ll head north to Pooch, and see Master Bates.” Olds sipped his tea and finished his link. “If anyone knows what to do, he will.”
“Okay, so…” Johann looked about slowly, and whispered, “I was wondering if we could stop by Dripplesburg, I want to see if anyone’s knows about Rita.”
Old shook his head rapidly, “Of course, of course…we’ll stop by the church…isn’t that where you said she was taking the children?”
“Yes, they have an orphanage.” Johann smiled and took a big sip of the warm tea and stared into the cup for a few seconds before looking up at Olds and askjng, “Tell me something, if Vespius has the stone, what’s he plan on doing with it?”
Olds shrugged and sighed. “I don’t know. I mean, it makes people see strange visions, I don’t really understand what good that’s going to do him.”
“Unless,” Johann added, “he doesn’t want anyone else to see…”
“Yea, you might have something there.”
“He wants to keep his secrets well hidden.” 
Olds finished his cup and stared upon the horizon. After a few seconds of silence, he spoke softly and solemnly. “I feel like something bad is on the horizon, Johann.”
The Timbrookian finished his cup as well, and stared into the empty container. “There’s always something brewing somewhere, Olds.”
“Yes, I suppose.” Olds smiled at him. “Look, I may be getting you involved in something that could…”
“Olds…” Johann interrupted, and gave his friend a stern look. “I once said that I didn’t know how far I would follow you on this questy thing-a-ma-bob, well, I still don’t know for sure how far I will go, or where it’ll take us, but…” Johann stared back into his cup and dribbled the last few drops into his mouth. “If Vespius is responsible for all these terrible things, he might wish to cast his evil upon all of us. I’m not going to spend the rest of my life wondering what I could have done to stop it, when I had the chance.”
Olds reached over and firmly grasped his friend’s shoulder. “We will do what we can, I guess.”
“Besides, I’m kind’a enjoying all this adventuring...and fine dining experiences.” Johann smiled and then scampered back over to the shop and asked for another cup of freshly brewed tea. “And…it’s probably too late to turn back now anyway.”
Olds laughed, “That’s what I was thinking when I first entered Timbrook.”

They spent the day in town and had their horses fed and given water. Olds stocked up on a few supplies and walked around the town for a little while. Johann joined him and bought a nice bag of tea, and a pot to cook it in, just in case they were camping out one night. Matty slept all day in the barn with the horses. In the afternoon, Olds leaned up against a tree behind the barn and took a long overdue nap, while Johann visited a local tavern, had one glass of ale, and quickly fell asleep at a table in the corner.
A few hours later, he was awakened by Matty, who looked quite refreshed. After sharing a glass of ale with Johann, they made their way to the stables, where Olds was just finishing packing-up their supplies and strapping the bundles to their horses. As the afternoon sun crept across the cloudless, blue sky, the three riders set out north for the city of Pooch.

*****

The glistening light fought its way through the canopy of the swamp, and speckled the dark ground with small angles of radiant sunshine. The governor’s police force trudged on. Ahead they saw several dilapidated hog farms, all of which appeared quite deserted, except for the assorted hogs, which seemed to wander about without any regard for persons or property. As the grim riders neared the opening in towering wall of stone, their nervousness and trepidation grew. The horses felt it too.
Even Sergeant Woolsely, a veteran military man, and not one used to such feelings, sensed a slight nervous twitch in his eyelids. There was a feeling of foreboding in the air, and the foul aroma from the hog farms and surrounding swamp didn’t help matters much either.
The new Chief of the Fouldune Police, Fug Pugly ― though his real name was Eugene Esponzaleopoldi ― commanded his men to halt outside the entrance to Timbrook. He scanned the dark cliffs that rose above him. He thought he heard, or maybe just felt, movement on the top of the cliffs and looked up apprehensively.
Sergeant Woolsely slowly trotted to the front of the line. “Pikes up!” he commanded. He then saluted Fug and barked, “Company is ready sir.”
Fug timidly smiled. He turned in his saddle and held up his right hand. “Alright!” He bellowed, “We go in and take charge. Anyone that is seen throwing something is to be immediately apprehended. Use any necessary force! On my command…”
He looked upon the faces of his men, all of which were full of fear and regret.
“Charge!”
The police force started in first — their mighty horses dug up great clods of dirt and soggy tufts of grass. When the squad had passed, Sergeant Woolsely yelled out to his own men: “Company For-ward!”
They rode deliberately but not at full speed into the darkness of the pass. As the last horse disappeared, several loud sounds were heard, as horses neighed, men cried out, large barrels of liquid were opened and tipped over the sides of the pass, men convulsed, horses gagged, and the banging of rocks and hog bones off of metal and chain mail soon filled the valley.

*****

Harv and Delores couldn’t help but look upon the splendor of Carbuckle Castle, and the great white stone bridge that ran from its side and across the Mea Culpa, with silent awe. It was an impressive piece of architecture. 
Up ahead, the road came to a ‘T’, the left road going across the bridge and into Carbuckle, the right road heading further into the Ashen Mountains and toward the southern lands. Most of the wagons turned toward Carbuckle, but a few, as well as some horsemen, turned right. The drivers, all familiar with each other, waved and shouted as they split up and wished each other well. 
The man with the wild beard even turned and waved to Harv and Delores, as he turned right, waving his large hat in the air. “Good luck fellow travelers! May fortune shine upon each mile ye go!” he laughed like a wire brush rubbing against a grindstone, and turned, and snapped his reins southward.
Delores watched him and the others head for the Nether Regions. She looked long and intently at the line of wagons as they slowly disappeared into the southern mountains. 
Twilight slowly escorted the night across the horizon, and the Matter’s wagon slowly rolled through the town. Their horse’s hoofs clopped steadily on the hard clay of the streets. The wagon wheels creaked and groaned. 
They made their way through the market area, and near a little stone wall that seemed to encircle the outer part of the city, they turned off the road and rested. It was a small clearing, just a little grassy patch next to a woodwright’s shop. Everybody got out and stretched, and Harv-2 ran up to the wall and peed.
“Dear, do you want to sleep here tonight, or find an inn?” Delores asked.
“Well,” Harv replied, looking up toward the sky, “doesn’t look like rain, so I guess we could spare a few silvers and camp here tonight.”
Delores smiled. “You watch Junior, while mom and I go buy some fresh food for dinner.” She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
“Love you,” he said.
“Love you, too,” she quickly replied.

Several minutes later, Delores and her mother were in a small shop. Holleeday held up two rutabagas. “Ooh, we could cook these up and have a nice side dish. Delores smiled and nodded yes. That had gotten a little butter, some leafy vegetables and herbs, and a bit of fresh mutton. Walking back, the two women stopped at a seamstress boutique. In the back of the shop was a mannequin wearing a beautiful green dress, with tiny shells embroidered along the waist and wrists. A matching satin cloak was draped over the bare shoulders of the mannequin.
“Oh, that is gorgeous.” Holleeday exclaimed. She gleamed and looked at Delores, who stared at the dress for a few minutes, blew a curl out of her eyes and turned away. Her mother sighed. “It has been so long since I’ve seen you in such a dress, m’dear.” 
“Maybe…after we’ve settled down and made a few coppers…” Delores laughed. “Then…I’ll splurge!” 
Holleeday caught up with her and smiled. “Perhaps if we settle here, you might attend a royal ball or other function…and dress up…you and Harv, enjoy a nice night on the town for once.” 
Delores put her arm in her mother’s and leaned her head slightly toward her. “Yes, that would be nice, I think.” she softly replied.
“Lord knows you two deserve it.” Her mother muttered as they paced down the road. “Actually, I’m glad we left Fouldune. I always considered it a dreadful place. Not the sort of town that a respectable woman like you should be stuck in.”
“It is where I met Harv, and where my son was born,” Delores stated plainly. “It is where I found out who I was…and what was really important in my life.” She put her arm around Holleeday’s shoulder and smiled at her rosy face. “…My family.”
Holleeday blushed and bowed her head.

Harv had been playing ‘fetch’ with his son and a potato, but not necessarily in that order. Maybe it wasn’t the most educational of games, but it kept the two of them busy. Harv-2 raised the spud above his head and tossed the object into the air with all his might. It went ninety degrees to the left. His father, on his hands and knees in the thick grass, and panting and barking, dutifully ran to retrieve it. 
His son loved to play fetch.
The family soon had a little fire going behind the wagon, while Holleeday went and collected some straw for their beds that night. Several pots and pans were cooking at different areas of the fire pit and Harv kept a close eye on each, moving the different foodstuffs according to how done the dish was so that all would finish at about the same time.   
They had roasted mutton, on a skewer, sliced potatoes and rutabagas, with an expertly done buttery herb sauce, a little candied yams, and for dessert, a jam cake, cooked in a frying pan.
It was delicious, as Holleeday soon acknowledged. “My compliments to the chef,” She proudly proclaimed, a twirl of her wrist ended with her head bowed in Harv’s direction.
“Well, it’s been a few days since we had a truly good meal,” Harv replied.
Delores lightly clapped her hands, “And now, a surprise!” she suddenly exclaimed. She reached into a pouch sitting next to her and pulled out a thin jug with a layer of twine wrapped around it in a delicate pattern. “For the king,” she pronounced, and waving her hand about the air, “and his castle!”
They all laughed, even Junior who thought it was a toy of some kind.
“M’lord,” Delores bowed her head, laughing, “Would thou carest for a fine glass of mead?”
Harv’s eyes lit up, “Oh, yes! De-af-fineetly!” he exclaimed. Delores poured three glasses and passed them around. Harv loved mead, a small weakness, he thought, but every time he drank it, he felt like a Viking warlord, or god forbid, Odin himself, in all his one-eyed glory.”
“Aye! ‘Tis no nobler drink on the face of the earth!” he saluted in a deep voice.
“Nor in all the halls of Asgaard!” Delores cheered, as they clinked their glasses together.
“You two are quite silly, and you haven’t even had a drink yet,” Holleeday frowned, and broke the mood.
Harv took a long drink. “Ahhh…that’s quite good.”

A couple of hours later, after everything was washed and stored away, Holleeday was snoozing in the back of the wagon, with Harv-2 next to her, bundled up under various pelts and blankets. Harv and Delores sat on the ground beside the fire and mused about their future. 
The marketplace had slowly retired. Some people closed up their doors and slept inside their shops, while others dutifully trotted off to nearby homes. The moon was low in the sky and the sun was long gone, as was the mead. Harv and Delores were a bit tipsy, but not inebriated in any way, for they had enjoyed a big meal to counter the effects of the fermented honey.
As they lay upon their thin blankets, which were each draped over a layer of straw, they whispered to one another about the long road ahead. They had lost a lot in Fouldune, but saved what was truly the most valuable to them. Harv, whose confidence often waned, was far more worried than he let on, while Delores was quite positive that everything would work out for the best. She would see to that. Her strong will remained firmly intact. They were still young, they had their health, and they had a beautiful son to care for.
“We will make our future, Harv. We always have,” she sighed, before crawling over to him and giving him a kiss. “Soon, we’ll have a shop again, and I’ll barter with the locals while you sit in the back and create your furry little works of art.”
He laughed and held her close, wrapping both his arms around her shoulders and squeezing her gently, until she let out a little groan. He sighed, “I wish we would’ve had room for the rest of those African antelope heads, I was so looking forward to working on those.”
She tenderly smirked and smiled upward at him. The flame of the firelight danced in his eyes. “Soon, my love, soon.” A small crease appeared on her brow between her eyes as she noticed something reflected in his eyes. His expression slowly changed as well; for he noticed her eyes widen somewhat, but still staring deeply into his. She slightly opened her lips as she saw a shadow in the mirrored flame of his pupils. 
She hastily rolled off of Harv, and somersaulted toward the end of her makeshift mattress ― her left hand rapidly withdrawing the stiletto out of her boot. 
Harv rose up suddenly, and his eyes enlarged at the sight of a man, dressed in black, sitting cross-legged on the very end of Delores’ bedroll.
“Who are you?!” she snarled between her clenched teeth. Harv slowly reached for the sword behind him.
“Shhh…you’ll wake the kid,” the man whispered. He had his hands out to the fire as if warming them, or perhaps, he was actually showing both of them that he was unarmed. He lifted his head up slightly and exposed most of his face in the glow of the dying flames. His eyes were still concealed by a black hood.
“Harv, Delores, don’t tell me that you don’t recognize me,” he said softly.
His face was very angular with a notched triangle for a nose and another slightly curved one for a chin. His lips were thin and surrounded by the wavy hairs of a coal-black, but thin and patchy, beard. His cheekbones were quite pronounced as were the deep sockets that still hid his eyes in shadow. 
Harv looked upon him cautiously before a brief smile came to his face, which seemed to gradually change again to one of serious concern. “Garlo Slocumb,” he whispered.
The man smiled and slowly turned to Delores. “Please, Mrs. Matters, will you now take that dagger away from my ribs?” 
“What are you doing here?” She asked, not withdrawing the blade an inch.
Slocumb smiled, but stared into the fire. “I was sent here.”
“By who?” Both Harv and Delores asked at the same time.
Garlo Slocumb slowly looked at both. His expression was steadily turning into one of fear, or perhaps dread. His eyes fluttered in the firelight. His teeth bit the inside of his lip, and then he sighed.
“I’ve been sent here…to kill you,” he whispered toward the fire. 
He suddenly felt a small pain in his side as Delores’ blade pushed inward just a little, but not quite breaking the skin, at least, that’s what he hoped. He grimaced and lifted his head a little as he felt another blade slowly press against his juggler. He glanced to his left and saw Holleeday at the other end of the sword, glaring quite angrily upon him.
“I heard you the minute you rolled out of the wagon,” he smirked at the older lady. 
Delores sneered into his ear, “Give me one reason why I don’t gut you right now.” 
“Well, ask yourself this…why would a man, who has been sent here to kill you, announce his intentions beforehand?” Garlo inquired defiantly, his voice straining against the blade at his neck.
Delores leaned in slightly. Her voice was thick with contempt. “When a man says that he’s been sent here to kill us, I don’t waste time asking myself such stupid questions.”
Slocumb pleaded, “Harv? A little help, please?”
But, Harv was not so easily convinced, he knew full well what Garlo Slocumb, or as he was once better known as, ‘Pitch’, was capable of doing. That was some years ago though. “I thought you gave all of that killing business up, Garlo.”
“I did. Gravy has my father and mother, and my sister. He’s holding them all hostage.” Garlo pleaded. It was at that moment that all three of the Matter’s family saw something very unusual and something that they would never have expected to see. Garlo Slocumb started to cry. His eyes welled up quickly and large tears began pouring down his cheeks. His bottom lip quivered.
“I didn’t want this,” he sobbed in a pitiful, trembling voice, trying his best to retain some type of composure. “Especially not you people.” 
They all looked upon the poor creature — he was dressed in so sinister a fashion, and yet, the guise now seemed quite miserable looking. Harv leaned forward and handed him a dinner cloth. Holleeday withdrew her sword from his neck, but still pointed it at the sniveling fellow, while Delores, still not totally convinced, backed her stiletto away from his ribcage just a couple of inches.
“Do you know this man?” Holleeday asked in a deep voice. Harv and Delores softly replied ‘yes’.
“I have met Delores a couple of times, but I would dare to say that Harv Matters…” he looked over at him and smiled, “…saved my life.”
Harv, still somewhat shocked, pulled his sword from behind him and sat it next to the fire, right by his hand.  Holleeday slowly backed away and quickly checked on Harv-2, who slept soundly in the wagon. Delores, still eyeing Garlo with a look of apprehension, said: “Aren’t you called ‘Pitch’?” she asked through her tightened lips.
“Ya, that was my name,” he regretfully replied. He glanced over at her, and removed his hood, exposing his large, bloodshot eyes, and added, “You are only the second person to call me that in over three years.” 
“Let me guess…Gravy called you that too.” 
He looked at her solemnly, but only slightly nodded his head in response.
She grunted and continued to frown, “How did you find us?”
“Oh, that was relatively easy.” He curled one side of his mouth upward and Delores couldn’t quite read whether he was slightly amused or just proud of himself. “Y’see, it seemed obvious that you’d head for Valdorlok, and the death of one of Gravy’s henchmen near the bridge, seemed to confirm that assumption. After that, it wasn’t hard to discover where you’d go after that. I found out a wagon train of traders had recently headed out for Carbuckle and the Nether Regions.” Garlo winked in Harv’s direction and lightly waved his hand toward Holleeday and the wagon containing the sleeping youngster. “Seemed only logical that a man and his family…running from a crime-lord…would want as much company as possible on such a journey.”
“Was it really that easy to track us down?” Harv asked, in a desperate and frightened voice.
“No, choosing between Carbuckle and the southern regions was a toss-up.” Garlo smirked and nodded his head, “Heh, guess I got lucky on that one.”
A faint pain returned to his lower ribcage where Delores had pushed the knifepoint a bit harder into his leather vest. Garlo winced and squinted his eyes. “Please, Delores, don’t puncture me yet,” he gasped.
Harv leaned forward and waved his hand at his wife, who glanced over at him and curled her nose before withdrawing the weapon a little.
“So, if you’re not going to do what Gravy wants you to do, why are you here?” Harv asked.
“Well, I have a plan.” 
“And what’s that?” Delores asked, her grip around the stiletto tightening again.
“Well, my plan,” Garlo answered, “is to find out what…our plan is,” he replied, and then smiled like a baboon.
“Our plan?” Delores smirked. “Our plan is to get as far away from Gravy as possible.”
Harv added, “I’m sorry about your family, Garlo, I really am, but I have a family to think of as well.”
Garlo looked back at the fire,. His expression turned sullen again, “The problem with that plan is not only does my family die at the hands of that animal, but he’ll send someone else after you as well. Someone probably not quite as indebted to you as I am.” He lifted his eyes and looked keenly at both.
Delores leaned back and exhaled noisily. “What would you have us do, Garlo?”
“Well, I was hoping that the three of us…” Garlo answered, but was interrupted by a loud growl from behind him, “Sorry…the four of us…could come up with something.”
Harv looked deeply into the fire, then over at his wife, who was slowly putting the stiletto back in her boot. Not thinking of anything immediately, and realizing that it was probably going to be a long night, he oddly asked, “Anyone else care for some tea?”
After a bit of silence, they all let out a nervous exhale and agreed. Delores smiled slightly from the corner of her mouth at her husband, who had relaxed the tension in the air. She however, was not so forgiving as he, and in an instant, a furrow creased her brow, and she punched Garlo right in the jaw. He fell over immediately from his cross-legged sitting position and hit the ground headfirst.
“That’s for scaring the freaking bejeebies out of me!” she yelped. “You assassins and your sense for the dramatic! Bah!”
Garlo lay upon the ground and rubbed his jaw. He painfully smiled.  “Look at my outfit…I love a good entrance.” 
Delores replied by firmly planting her boot into his hindquarters.

Once the tea was done, Garlo spoke more freely. “You should all come see my farm when this is over. It’s a beautiful little cottage outside of Rottweillor. Just a couple of acres, and a little garden, two cows and an outhouse.” He smiled while he sipped the tea. “I married a nice girl from the area, named Thumbaleena, and we have a two-year old daughter named Hazey.”
Delores smiled uncomfortably. “Sounds quite nice.”
“I’m happy for you Garlo, it sounds like you truly changed your life,” Harv said smiling, he patted Garlo on the knee.
“Aye, that I did,” he answered somewhat sadly.
“So, what made you change?” Holleeday asked.
“Heh, well, I had been working for Gravy for quite some time. I enjoyed the notoriety I guess, and the fear people had of me. I used to be able to feel it when I walked into a room.” Garlo stared into the flames as the dried wood crackled. “I’ve…I’ve killed a lot of people.” He paused, and the silence was thick with regret and trepidation. “Gamblers mostly, who wound up owing more than they could pay, or ran out on a debt, and enemies of Gravy…other criminals who wanted to take a piece of his action, or grew too powerful for Gravy’s peace of mind.”
“Sounds horrible,” Holleeday replied.
“Yea. It was.” Garlo looked around the fire, “Then I went after this guy, can’t even remember his name. He owed Gravy a bunch of money and fled with one of the local prostitutes to Venice. It took a while, but I caught up to him, and I snuck in a villa that he was staying at outside of the city. He and this hooker were asleep. And I was going to take both of their lives. But, then, I saw something…on her left hand…there was a small engagement ring.” Garlo softly smiled. 
“I just stood there in the darkness and looked at it and thought about whether or not they deserved to die. What if they were actually two people trying to start their lives over, but had to flee in order to do that. Why should they be killed for that?”
Only the sound of the crackling fire and the chirping of nearby crickets could be heard. Garlo glanced about the glowing faces looking back at him. He gently smiled. “I went back and told Gravy that I had lost them. But Gravy saw through me. He was quite angry and made me pay the man’s debt to him. I paid that debt, but I couldn’t do any more killings. Truth is, I just plain got sick of it.”
“Well, why not just go back and tell Gravy that you couldn’t find us?” Harv asked.
Garlo looked upon Harv and frowned. “Because he’ll know I’m lying and kill my family for sure. And, like I said, he’ll only send someone else.”  He leaned forward with a look of deep concern and said, “Look, you killed Slack…”
“Self-defense,” Delores angrily interrupted.
“…Oh, and I’m not one to say that he didn’t deserve it a long time ago, but still, that was Gravy’s right-hand man. And everybody knows that. In his mind he has to find you and punish you. Every day that you two live is another day he feels his respect around town slide a bit. Then, there’s his son…and Fat Tony.”
“We had nothing to do with his son’s death. And who is Fat Tony?” Harv asked.
Garlo laughed loudly. “Okay, so after Gravy gives me this ultimatum, I rode out of town, but then I went back at night and asked a few friends about what all I had missed, cause I couldn’t believe that you two would be involved in such things.”
“Neither could we.” Delores added.
“Okay, so I got the story about Slack, and I agree with you, no doubt it was self-defense, and I’ll never shed a tear for that fat bast’itch, no sirree. Okay, but here’s what I don’t get, now Gravy sent guys in all directions looking for you two after that day. And he sent Jocko and Fat Tony to Valdorlok.”
“Oh,” Harv replied, nodding his head slowly, “So that was Fat Tony.”
“Yea,” Garlo answered, still smiling, “So Fat Tony winds up dead, and Jocko, who is now in a mental hospital in Valdorlok, runs through the streets of the place, totally butt-naked and screaming about a Mongol invasion or something.”
Everyone laughed, even Holleeday, who said: “It was a mud faced Mongol that got ‘em, for sure!”
The three laughed again and only Garlo looked about puzzled. Harv and Delores took turns describing the events that led up to Jocko’s senses abruptly exiting his brainpan. 
“A man made of mud, wearing a Mongol helmet?” he asked.
Harv stretched his arms straight out and laughed, “Yea, and he looked like this on his horse.”
After their uneasy laughter died down, things became quiet again. Garlo poured a little more tea and sat with his legs out-stretched on the ground. The fire was quite warm and he pulled off his black cloak, revealing the shoulder harness he wore, but all the holsters he usually kept daggers in were empty.
“You know that Gravy’s the Governor now?” Garlo asked quietly.
The three gasped in horror. “No, not Acklander?!” Delores replied, the shock palpable in her voice.
Garlo nodded his head. “The day after Slack’s death, Crown Prince Vespius rode into town and made him Governor of the Fouldune region.”
They all grew quiet again. “It’s not safe for us here.” Harv whispered.
“Nowhere in this area.” Delores added, staring wide-eyed at her husband. “How could he do such a thing?”
“Don’t know, didn’t get any real good answers about that. But, it’s true, and last I heard, Gravy’s getting a police force together to raid Timbrook.”
“What?” Harv asked, lightly rubbing his forehead, “Timbrook?”
“Seems two of his guys went looking for you all there and were beaten up or something. Anyway he’s sending a force in there to deliver a clear message of who the boss is now.”
Delores smirked. “Strange...”
The silence soon returned to the little campfire, Harv threw another log on the embers to just keep it strong enough for light. It was a cool night, but they didn’t need the heat from the fire to stay warm.
“So, Garlo, you said that my husband saved your life, when was this?”
He looked over at her, and then at Harv. “And my soul, I guess.” He took a long drink and wiped his mouth on his sleeve.
“I happened to visit your shop, right after I returned from Venice and I had a few items to sell…stuff I’d been carrying around for a while. Anyway, me and Harv struck a deal on the merchandise and I was busy unloading a couple of swords from this case I had, and Harv says to me: ‘Pitch, you ever get tired of killing?’ Heh, just like that, as plain as day, and I looked up at him, and he kind of took a step back. I guess he thought I was going to hit him or something.”
“Actually, yes I did.” Harv interjected.
“But, I was just surprised, because I had been thinking the same exact thing. It kind of shocked me.” Garlo said. “And I told him that, and he said that for most of his life he didn’t feel like he had been treated fairly, and that over time he had learned to forgive those people that hurt him, whether they did it intentionally or not. But, he said, the first thing you have to do to truly change your life is to forgive yourself.” Garlo stared deeply into the fire, and then raised his face up toward the starry sky. Delores and Harv looked upon each other.
“I really took that to heart, for I guess I had built a nice, little prison for myself, and had lost all hope of truly changing my life. So, I just packed up my stuff and left Fouldune shortly after that, and started a new life. Within a few short months, I had a family. It seemed so strange to me then, to have someone I could confide in, someone I could trust. I had shunned love after I moved from my family’s farm, and to rediscover it was a truly wondrous thing. I put this old, stupid, costume away in a trunk, only keeping it to occasionally remind me of how far I had come. Never once thinking that I’d wear it again.”
 “And now Gravy has wronged you, and forced you back into those old clothes…what are you going to do?” Delores softly asked.
“I tried to be a peaceful man, but my past sins have come back to haunt me. I can’t be good. I’ve committed too much evil…and I have to settle this debt.” Garlo picked up a small stick and flung it into the fire. He watched intently as the thin piece of wood quickly caught flame and turned bright orange. “I only hope that my daughter will have a better life, and will someday know what I…truly, deeply know…that there are animals and there are humans, but there are also animals that only look like humans.” 
Garlo peered upon each of the faces around the fire and smiled uneasily. “I’m sorry, I’ve been thinking about all this while tracking you folks down. A lot of stuff going around inside my head.” He bit his lip and started to frown as he resumed staring into the flames. “I’m not letting Gravy get away with this. I’m getting my family to safety, and then I’m going to kill him, and rid this region of his evil. Then, perhaps, I hope, I can finally put my past behind me for good. I’ve done horrible things in my life, things that I should certainly be punished for, but maybe by getting rid of Gravy, I can somehow make up for all of that. I don’t know. I don’t know.” 
Garlo looked upon the sleeves of his dark outfit. “Harv once helped me to remove this old skin, and now, Gravy has made me put it back on again.” 
A cool breeze blew through the field and caused the fire to crackle. Garlo continued to tell Harv and Delores his story, and his plight, until way into the night. Finally, he thanked them for not stabbing him and for at least listening. He asked if they would be kind enough to think about his proposal and to sleep on it. He then bid them goodnight and paced into the darkness and slept near the stone wall, quite a ways away from the flames. 
The next morning Harv woke up at first light, he began the day by starting a fire and making a pot of tea. Delores was lying next to him on the ground and was still asleep. Holleeday, as well as Harv-2, were still snoozing in the wagon. 
Harv looked down the small stone wall that ran out from the road and behind their little campsite. He saw Garlo leaning against it on the ground, his hood down over his face. His mighty, black horse was tied to a spindly tree a few paces down the wall and idly nibbled on grass.
After the aroma of the tea began to drift about, the road started to deliver traffic to the shops. Workers and peddlers of all kinds slowly forced their tired bodies toward the marketplace for another day’s work. Harv turned from the road and leaned down toward the pot of tea and gingerly lifted the little cloth bag of leaves from the greenish liquid. He was going to give the tea another stir, when he spied Garlo’s boot next to his shoulder. He hit the black leather hard with his spoon, and loudly whispered up to the man, “Stop sneaking up on people!”
Garlo winced, “Sorry…it’s my nature.”
“It’s creepy!” Harv loudly whispered, then motioned Garlo over by the wall, so that the others would not be disturbed.
“I was thinking,” Harv quietly spoke, “Where did you say your family was being held?”
Garlo closed his eyes, “Gravy said that they were being well-cared for at a local farmhouse.”
“You think he was lying?”
“No, in fact, I don’t think he really meant to tell me that.”
Harv put his hand upon Garlo’s shoulder, and gently whispered, “They might…already be dead.” 
Garlo looked down at his boots, then shook his head and said, “No. If I did what he wanted, and took….uh…care of you two, and then find out that he double-crossed me, he knows that I wouldn’t stop until he was dead. We know each other pretty well, actually, the truth is that he only knows who I once was pretty well…anyway, Gravy wants me back and he thinks this is the best way to accomplish this.”
“Still, you’ve already told him, you’re going to kill him after your family is rescued.”
“Yes, and I’m sure he will be waiting for me to do just that. But, that’s on down the road, and Gravy doesn’t think of the long term consequences of his actions.”
Still…”
“Look, he wants you dead. But, his main man, Slack is gone. He knows that just a few years ago I was the most notorious killer around. So, he thinks, how can I get Pitch back? I know. I’ll kidnap his family and hold them hostage until he does what I want. Then, after you two are disposed of, he releases my family. That’s it. Mission accomplished. Now, if I up the ante, and say, ‘this is not over between us’, well that’s another issue altogether, and one which he can deal with then.”
“You do know how he thinks,” Harv slightly smiled.
“Solve today’s problem today. Worry about tomorrow’s tomorrow...but, keep your eye on the big picture.” Garlo leaned upon the stone wall and stared down the road. A small boy was riding a donkey into the town and nodded at him. He winked in reply. 
“Okay, so they’re at a farmhouse, supposedly. You sure they’re not in one of his brothels?” Harv asked.
Garlo turned back to Harv and answered, “No. They’re not in town. That I’m sure of.”
“Well, there’s not many farmers that had many dealings with Gravy, unless they suddenly owed him money or…” Harv looked up to the sky, trying to think. His finger lightly tapped his lips “It would have to be someplace away from everyone, so as not to draw too much attention, especially with his men hanging around the place.”
Delores’ voice suddenly broke through the conversation, “What about Felix Lunge’s place.”
Both men turned to her. Harv smiled. Garlo nodded, but looked upon her with a bit of surprise, for there weren’t many people that could sneak up on him. He then asked, “Who?”
“Felix lunge…he died a few days ago, what was it, dear?” Harv queried.
“Cement flippers,” Delores replied. “He had a farm just inside the north forest. He had carved out an acre or two in the woods and raised furless cats there, I think.”
“Chihuahuas, wasn’t it?” Harv asked.
“Yea, or wingless bats, I can’t recall,” she responded.
“So, his place is out of the way?” Garlo posed.
“Yes,” Harv quickly answered and ran back to the fire when he spied his tea boiling over.
“It’s kind of hidden in the woods, and you can’t see it from the road, even in winter,” Delores added, while slowly following Harv.
When they reached the fire, Delores looked upon both of the men and asked in a fiery tone, “So, were you two just planning on waltzing in there and performing some type of daring rescue?”
Harv nervously smiled. “Just trying to think of something to do.”
Garlo smiled pleasantly. “I just want my family in Rottweillor and safe.”
“Harv’s right, I can’t think of anyone else that would want Gravy keeping a family locked up in their barn for a few weeks, and not be trusted enough not to mention it. Words…much like a sexually transmitted disease…spreads rapidly in that town,” Garlo responded. His lips curled slightly as he rolled his eyes.
“And with the bandit problem, most farms are situated fairly close together, for protection,” Harv added.
“That is, if he even kept them in the area,” Delores retorted, she closed her eyes for a few seconds and sighed loudly.
“No,” Garlo replied, “They’re around there…Gravy, for all his power in Fouldune, doesn’t have any clout anywhere else.”
“Even as governor?” Harv abruptly asked.
“I would say, especially as governor!” Garlo firmly answered.
Delores looked at both in disbelief. “So, is that your plan?”
“Our plan…remember?” Garlo slightly smiled.
“Just us? Maybe we can hire some others to help.”
“Harv,” she angrily continued, “Maybe we’ll all be killed! As well as Garlo’s family.” She glared at her husband and sneered through her clenched teeth. “And then your son can spend the rest of his days telling his friends how brave his dead parents were!”
“Listen, I’m sorry about all of this, I truly am, but I can’t do it alone, and the truth is, if we don’t take care of this, he’s going to keep…” Garlo pleaded, his hands reaching out toward the both of them. “I promise you both, I promise, when my family is safe, I will finish Acklander, and you will never have to look over your shoulder again.” 
Harv looked up at him with an expression of confused worry, still trying to decide what was the best course of action to take, while Delores still fumed. Garlo lowered his voice to a small, but convincing whisper, emphasizing the importance of each word. “Help me solve this problem and I will solve yours, even if I have to give my life to do it. I swear to you both…I will make things right. I have to…pay this debt.”
Delores stood there staring angrily at Garlo. She placed her hands upon her waist and pulled her lips tight against her teeth. She looked around the small fire pit before glaring into her husband’s eyes. Without a word, she darted to their horse, hastily untied its line and leaped upon its bare back. She grabbed a handful of the horse’s mane and gave it a good kick. The poor creature, probably wondering what all the commotion was about, quickly erupted into a full gallop. She rode out past the wall and down the road a little before turning slightly right, across a meadow and up a small hill.
Harv held Garlo back with his hand as she tore out of the camp, then asked if he could use his horse. Harv quickly jumped up on it and before passing through the wall, turned and cried to Garlo, “Keep an eye on the tea!” He then followed her in full gallop as well.
Holleeday raised her head up and sleepily watched him go. She gradually turned toward Garlo who slightly smiled and shrugged in response. She frowned and growled.
Delores rode to the top of the hill, and seeing a small, dilapidated shack by the edge of the forest, suddenly turned her stead towards it. She pulled tightly on its mane and was off the horse and running before it came to a full stop. Two paces in front of the shack, she jumped up and screamed. The bottom of her boot landed with full force against the front of the little structure. It shook violently with the impact. She next grabbed a plank along the top of the building and started rocking the structure back and forth rapidly. Her voice now grunting and shrieking with each crack and splintering of the wood. Finally, after a support beam broke in half, the entire structure fell away from her and she began to violently jump atop the flattened rubble, yelling at the top of her lungs the entire time.
Harv slowed his horse and watched. He slowly slid off and calmly walked toward her. When she spied him, she turned and stormed straight for him. “What do you expect us to do? What do you expect me to do? Stay here and wait to see if you come back?”
“No! I…I don’t know!” Harv pleaded.
“We have a son Harv, a loving, darling boy! We can’t go saving the world! If we don’t come back, what will become of him?” she yelled and then slapped his chest. “What do these people want from us? Why can’t they just let us live in peace?”
Harv wrapped his arms firmly around her. She began to sob within his arms, and Harv bowed his head toward hers. “We’re not trying to save the world, dear, just us,” he replied.
“If you go…how will I make it?” she asked amid the tears. “If I go with you…what of Harv-2?” Delores saw the dark sides of both scenarios, and she didn’t like the outcome of either, there was too much at stake, too much to lose, too many things that could go wrong.
“We just escaped out of there, Harv…do you really want us to return?” She leaned her head back and stared into his eyes. He curled his hand up into his sleeve and gently wiped the tears off of her cheeks with his cuff.
“We just ran dear,” he replied, “We ran for our lives, and for our son’s future and for our own future, but…we just ran. We didn’t escape.”
He held her close and she whispered in his ear, “I can’t let you go alone, Harv.” 
“Hon, you need to stay with junior, and your mom,” he replied. She slowly slid her hands in front of his shoulders and grabbed the side of his head. 
“Harv,” she said forcefully, “I can’t let you go alone!”
He was about to say something, but instead he pressed his cheek to her ear. There was no use fighting this battle, he thought, he would never win. He never had before.
 “I will find an inn, we can pay for your mother and our son to stay there until we return,” he softly spoke.
She now pressed her arms against his back and whispered, “I love you more than anything in the world.”
He whispered into her ear. “I love you, too.” 
The flattened rubble of the shed, which probably had no idea it was going to be forcibly torn down today, witnessed the two figures embracing on the hill.
“We will get through this, and we will tell our grandchildren about how crazy we were when we were young,” Harv smiled.
Delores looked up at him and sighed, “And they probably won’t believe a word of it.”




Chapter Sixteen: The Sword Called ‘Elvis’


‘The legend goes that Great King Bridlefloss, a right gentle sort of ruler, desired a sword that matched his diameter perfectly and would draw attention to his rather large nose and big feet. So, being of round head and thin body, he did call upon the one-legged trolls of Razzle-Bazzle, who were still young and wet behind the derrières, to construct such a sword with whatever metal they might have lying around.
The trolls did as they were commanded, for Great King Bridlefloss was easy on the eyes and taught them all how to play dominoes and how to use their rear teeth when chewing their food. After many hours and minutes had passed into the moldy ether of time, they indeed created a sword that made them all quite proud, and they celebrated by making many crank-calls to dry-cleaning establishments and used-book stores, while dressing up as Sociology Professors with the little brown pads on the elbows of their thick, wool jackets. And they smoked large muffler pipes of Armenian tobacco, and read the ingredient lists on the sides of cereal boxes, and cried ‘Amen’ after each word they found that they couldn’t pronounce. 
And so, like most other large things in the great intestines of history ― it came to pass ― that the sword was duly presented to Great King ‘What’s-his-face’ on his fifty-fourth birthday, for he had been a good boy that year and had ceased his life-long hobby of sucking the ear wax out of beautiful women’s ear canals. And he clapped like a wind-up chimpanzee, and his eyes bugged out like one too, when he saw the gift, for the trolls, who were never known for their gift-wrapping techniques, had simply enclosed the sword in a very sword-shaped box and adorned it with a large red ribbon and a little card that read: ‘Surprise! It’s a sword! You club-footed numbskull!’
And Great King ‘So-and-so’ gnawed through the box and held the sword high above his head, and seeing that it wasn’t near high enough, and that his arm was getting rather tired, eventually hired one of his taller servants to hold it for him. 
And Bridlefloss, who was great, as well as being a king, proclaimed to the small swarm gathered, that he was built like an aardvark standing upright on its front two legs, and that his sexual prowess was unlike any man known since Samson had walked the earth and slept with 3000 Spanish courtesans and the jawbone of an ass.
And he further said, for he was a man of few thoughts, but many words, that this was the mighty sword ‘Elvis,’ because he had mistakenly thought that it had been made by one-eyed elves instead of by one-legged trolls, and that it would be his very own phallic symbol, so that all the women of the world would know how depraved and insecure he really was. And he would show the symbolic weapon off, because if he showed off the real thing, he would most certainly be arrested for cruelty to animals or for carrying a firearm in his pants without a license. And he would always have someone carry the great sword around for him, because he would be far too busy receiving phone numbers from lovely women resembling females, or trying his best to get ‘jiggy’ with it.
And he was very proud of the sword called ‘Elvis’ because they hadn’t invented Corvettes or Harley Davidson motorcycles yet, and how else can an old guy with a bad toupee possibly get laid?’

--- From the Book of Jasper, 6:23


Governor Gravy Acklander paced back and forth in the middle of the street; he had tried to restrain the pacing to his office, but suddenly felt the need for more space. 
With his hands clasped behind his waist, he took rather large steps back and forth. He was dressed in his huge red robe, white knickers and hob-nail shoes, which had large buckles on the front like those worn by American pilgrims until someone invented shoelaces. He stared at the ground before him and mumbled something over and over under his breath in between large draws from his cigar.
Several townspeople went about their daily chores of extortion and money laundering, and they slowly walked by him and looked oddly at the bizarre fellow. Seeing his strange dress and even stranger behavior only confirmed their suspicions of late that Gravy Acklander -- since his appointment as governor -- had been slowly losing his mind.
His wife on the other hand had jumped over the curb of Reality Street several days ago, and was eagerly exploring the many pleasant meadows in the spacious domain known as ‘La-La Land’. At that precise moment, she was across town, judging a dog show, which had a extensive variety of the most mangy and flea-bitten mutts the world has ever seen collected in one place. Even Gnarly, the blind old drunk that usually hung out in front of the burned wreckage of the ‘Hoof & Mouth’ entered the competition with his favorite, unnamed, matted-hair, scrawny pile of dog flesh, and it even won an award for ‘Most Likely to End Up on a Menu at a Thai Restaurant’. 
Duchess Acklander lorded over the show as if she had been crowned the ‘Queen of the Soap Operas’ wearing her all-white dress, with a lacey train a quarter-of-a-mile long and held off the ground by various street urchins and wayward paperboys that she had recruited from a local orphanage. She had a very large parasol, which she twirled with much delight; totally unaware that she had accidentally popped three innocent bystander’s eyes clean out of their sockets with the horrific device.
She refused to speak in anything which resembled any known language, preferring instead, to flap her jaws while vocalizing a series of grunts, and low syllables ― sounding somewhat like a baritone turkey or an old, jowly member of the House of Lords.
Caribou Anthrax, a local constituent of ‘The Fouldune Ladies Club’, and consummate bridge player, as well as being a stuffy old prude, complimented Duchess Acklander for her white platform shoes, to which the Duchess vainly feigned surprise and replied like an old furnace on the fritz.
“Bah, huh, baa, baraba, bawaba, waha, ha-ha-ha,” she bubbled proudly.
When someone told a joke or asked about her age or hat size, she hooted repeatedly until several owls came to roost upon her broad, mole-covered shoulders, which she thought was surely a sign from God or a clever marketing gimmick.
Gravy, however, had bigger things rolling about inside his thick skull, and it wasn’t the usual bullet fragments. He suddenly stopped his pacing and stood perfectly still in the middle of the road. A horse-drawn cart of stolen apples barely missed him and ran into the front of a nearby carpet store. He never even blinked. He soon heard numerous horses’ hoofs drawing nearer, and he peered off down the road — hoping for a bit of good news.
What he got was a nose-full of what was becoming a rather familiar odor to him. 
Coming toward him were thirty horsemen, looking as if they had just risen from the grave or were created by a very near-sighted expressionist sculptor. They were covered in a ton of mud, puke, and pig entrails.
At the head of the rancid pack was a figure that to some extent resembled Sergeant Woolsely, spitting and cursing the entire way. Next to him was the paralyzed figure of Fug Pugly, with a vacant, wide-eyed look upon his face and an old tire encircling his upper body.
“What happened?” the governor asked, after conveniently pinning a clothespin to his nose ― having decided to come prepared this time.
Sgt. Woolsely barked out: “Sir, it was the most humiliating experience of my life! I must say, never before have I…” 
“Did you capture any prisoners?” the governor interrupted.
“Not a single one of those foul degenerates, sir! They are the most repulsive creatures I have ever…”
“Did you get any information?” 
“No, sir! Those people refuse to fight fair!” Woolsely wiped his hand across his eyes, exposing a few smeared streaks of skin underneath all the muck. His large mustache drooped pitifully above his lips and chin with large gobs of ‘god-knows-what’ matted in the hairs. “Never, in the history of civilized warfare has there ever been a more despicable and cowardly bunch of reprobates so prone to use whatever foul and fetid projectile they can muster…absolutely reprehensible behavior…and I for one, am totally appalled at their lack of military courtesy and battlefield protocol!”
“Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!” Gravy screamed, forcefully throwing a little paper crown that he had gotten from a local fast-food restaurant to the ground. He took one last look at the globs of filth assembled in the street in front of him and then stormed into his office.
“Sir, this travesty will not go unanswered! I shall assure you of that!” Sgt. Woolsely continued, even though Governor Gravy had left the scene, “I shall immediately set forth Article 57-A, to requisition an entire regiment of the Royal Guard, to forthwith contain and punish that mob of unruly garbage-chuckers, and teach them a thing or two about proper combat ethics!” He pursed his lips tightly, but no one noticed this gesture underneath all of the slime.
“Men!” he cried out, “To the river!” 
At which point, the entire group slowly trotted to the Mea Culpa, followed closely by several citizens with buckets and nets, anxiously anticipating another nice haul of stunned fish.

*****

Honcho El Grande pulled on the rope with all his might. He and a few others were slowly lifting a large barrel of insecticide up the slope of the ridge. Another group of grubbies reached up and pushed from behind, their feet sliding into the rocky soil and sending small avalanches of rocks and dirt below. “Easy does it boys…almost there,” Honcho yelled. 
Farley was standing a few paces away. He was busy mixing several foul concoctions into a much larger container that sat on the edge of the precipice. After a few stirs, he bravely stuck his finger in the swill and took a little taste. He then started running as fast as he could, until he hit a large boulder face-first. He immediately collapsed to the ground, raising his head up to sing, “Doo-wah-diddy…diddy-dum, diddy-do!” before diving into unconsciousness. 
His buddy Joe yelled, “Okay! This batch is ready!”
Several barrels now lay on the ridge, and contained horrible mixtures of all types of rank and depraved fluids from creatures both dead and alive. One particular barrel, marked with a skull and crossbones, and a couple of exclamation points, contained a particularly nasty broth of pickled wolverine bladders that had been sitting in the back of the bar and fermenting for the last six years.
Joe gingerly propped the barrel up on the side of the cliff and supported the weight of the object with several large stones. “Careful, now friends, if that barrel breaks, the fumes alone will knock us out for days! And will most likely cause about thirty or so generations of mutant offspring!”
Meanwhile, the mayor went about re-arming several groups of peasants, who stockpiled heaps of rocks and rotten beets and pig hooves in their ditches. Juggo Higgins, a local undertaker and piano virtuoso, laughed as he received a requisition of ham bones and dried, cat hairballs, “Most fun we’ve had since the labor uprising of ’59,” he dribbled.
“Ya!” the mayor exclaimed, “nothing like a few good barrages to get the community unified.”
Honcho soon appeared, after first sliding, and then falling the rest of the way down the slope. He was still wiping his burlap frock off as he approached the mayor.
“Our defenses are nearly complete, all we need now is more ammo for the catapult,” he prattled.
The mayor smiled like a lunatic in line at a pharmacy, his eyes widened, “Oh! Mr. Mealy says he has quite a surprise in store for them if they return, heh-heh,” he squirted out. 
Looking back toward the pass, Honcho scratched the back of his neck and asked, “Do you think they’ll come back again?”
Juggo leaped up out of his ditch and squawked, “Oh, I hope so! I love the taste of slow-roasted horse butt.” He fiercely rubbed his hands together and licked his lips. He started to dance a little until he slipped and fell backwards into the ditch. “Ook!” he yelped, but quickly added, “Don’t worry, I’m okay.”
“If they know, or have known, or may know, what is good for them, then they will most certainly, leave us the hell alone!” The mayor yowled, his hand over his heart. “These vagabonds and vigilantes will never subdue the sovereignty of our homeland. We will fight them in the fields. We will fight them on the beaches! We will fight them in the pass! We will…”
Honcho slowly walked back to the catapult, leaving the mayor all alone with his ‘rousing of the troops’ speech, which he usually reserved for the annual ‘President’s Day White Sale’.
“…Fight them in the trees…if we had any! We will fight them in the ditches, and in the trenches, and in the sewage gully that bisects our town, and empties into the swamp, contrary to established laws of natural conservancy and environmental regulations! We will fight them with bricks, and sticks, and stones and bones, and pig innards, and cow hooves, and various slimy, oval objects that no one has yet been brave enough to classify.”
The mayor stood proudly on his two blocks of height-enhancers and waved his arms about as if speaking to a large political convention or a cafeteria full of defense contractors, “We will never give up! Not so long as we have a cow-pie to fling, or a gob of phlegm to project! As god is my witness, Victory is a…” he then started counting on his fingers while rolling his eyes about in his head, “…seven? Yes, a seven lettered word!”  
He next began lumbering around the town and waving his fists in the air, screaming out: “Boo-yah! Boo-yah!”

*****

As twilight washed across the sky, the three riders entered the northern hamlet of Pooch. They trotted down a wide dirt road and past small stores, taverns, and curio shops. Olds stopped in front of a small strip mall just past the center of town. He gazed upon a little shop. His left eyebrow cocked in attentive study of the business that was more of a home to him than any other place in the world.
On one side of the establishment was a check-cashing store, and on the other was a renovated blacksmith shop that was now a pizza delivery business. Several horses were hitched out front with large signs attached to their heads that read: “Richelieu’s Pizza Parlor.”
The shop in the middle was fairly plain in appearance. It had one window, which contained a stuffed falcon with a small mouse in its beak, surrounded by a couple of hourglasses, a pile of handcuffs and handkerchiefs, and a black top hat. Next to the top hat was a black and white magician’s wand, which a white rabbit was busy nibbling on.
A sign above the shop read: ‘Master Bates’ Magic Shop and Novelties Emporium’ 
The three riders tied their horses to a hitching post in front of the store and deposited three coppers into the slot of a nearby parking meter that was actually just a dwarf inside a painted cardboard box.
“Oh,” the box replied, “That landed right in me soup.”
A bell above the door rang and into the shop entered Oldsmobill, Johann and Matty. They were immediately bathed in a plethora of exotic fragrances, as if someone had burned the entire contents of an incense sampler-pack all at once.
“Hullo, hullo,” a small, black-haired boy chirped out. He waved his fingers in the air and said, “Wah-la!” A puff of smoke appeared and the boy suddenly turned into a baby elephant with extra long ears and a little conical clown hat. Looking around quite irritated, the elephant smacked itself in the head with its trunk and said: “Wah-lah-lah!”
At which point he turned into a large green gecko wearing a hula skirt. He sighed and licked his eyeballs. “Oh, geez…anyway, how may I help you gents?”
“Did you just lick your eyeballs?” Johann asked, quite surprised.
“Uh, yea, it’s a gecko thing.” 
“Wow!” Johann rapidly blinked several times. “A skill like that could come in handy…”
“Okay,” Olds suddenly said, stepping forward, “Is Master Bates here?”
“Yes, he’s in the back, sawing his assistant in half,” the gecko replied, “And since she’s not screaming her lungs out, it must be going well this time.”
“I am Oldsmobill. I was once his apprentice.”
The gecko’s eyes widened, but not by much, for they were already quite wide to start with. 
“Oldsmobill!” he exclaimed in his high-pitched voice. His mouth opened fully in apparent astonishment, which immediately caused his long tongue to unroll onto the floor. “Uh, sthowwy,” he apologized, and taking a small magic wand, began rolling up the pinkish strip of muscle around it.
Johann whispered to Matty, “I bet he’s quite popular with the ladies.” To which Matty roared with laughter and accidentally knocked over a lava lamp.
“I’ll geth tha masther,” the gecko embarrassingly replied, then bowed several times, and exited through a bright red curtain near the back of the shop. The three men curiously looked around the establishment, before turning their eyes toward the curtain when they suddenly heard a woman scream. 
Then, a man’s voice cried out: “Dammit Pip! Now look what you’ve done!” 
The sounds of various metal and wooden objects being thrown around the room and occasionally bouncing off of a reptilian skull were heard next, with several big-tongued apologies thrown in for good measure.
“Why are you interrupting me, can’t you see I’m trying to concentrate?” the man’s voice exclaimed.
“Sthowwy, sthir, buth theah isth a man heah, nameth Olthmobill!” the gecko lisped in reply. A low feminine moan drifted from behind the curtain, followed by the man speaking again.
“Are you all right my dear, did I pierce your spleen again?” he asked.
“No, no, I think I broke a fingernail.” A lady’s voice replied.
“Oh, for god sakes!” The man loudly screeched and suddenly burst through the curtain like a bad actor on opening night.
“Oldsmobill?” he bellowed, before disappearing in a puff of smoke —only to materialize a second later, standing about three inches from Olds’ face, with a chimpanzee now upon his back.
“Great to see you old friend!” the magician exclaimed, and held his hand out to his previous apprentice. Oldsmobill, feeling a little claustrophobic, took a step back, but smiled and firmly shook Master Bates’ hand, as well as the chimp’s, after the furry little creature had so politely presented it to him.
Master Bates was an averaged sized man, with short black hair and a nicely trimmed mustache. He appeared to be at the upper echelons of middle age, but was in fact much older, although no one knew how old he truly was because he kept forging his own birth certificate. He wore a black cloak with little orange stars, yellow moons, pink hearts, blue diamonds, and green clovers ― just like the ingredients of a popular cereal. On the top of his head was a typical conical, black, wizard’s hat, but his had a sparkling red puffball at the very top, which resembled a small pom-pom or certain types of sickly sea urchins. The entire getup was nothing spectacular and could easily be ordered out of “Master Mojo’s Wizard’s Garb” mail-order catalog.
“Good to see you as well, my master!” Oldsmobill joyfully said, “These are my friends, Johann and Matty.” He waved his hand toward his companions, to which Master Bates peered at both with apparent surprise.
“So…you have friends?” he replied, shaking each of the men’s hands. “But, Olds, you don’t have to visit me every time you convince someone to become your friend.” 
Olds rolled his eyes. “No, I just, well, actually…”
“I see you’ve met my new apprentice, Pip,” the magician interrupted, and then looked back at the curtain and yelled out: “Pip, confound you! Get your sorry ass out here!”
The gecko burst through the curtain, having just finished stuffing his tongue back into his mouth. As soon as he was within arm’s reach, Master Bates smacked him on the top of his scaly head with a rubber chicken. The chimp, having no such props within reach, used his hairy hand to give the gecko a good smack as well.
“And take off that ridiculous gecko outfit! You know that I’m saving that for the big ballroom dance competition!” he firmly commanded, and after a large poof of smoke, the young boy by the name of Pip reappeared, but his head was now five sizes too big. Master Bates shrugged and resignedly lipped, “Oh, well, that’ll have to do.”
Pip felt his enormous melon with his hands and squeaked miserably. 
After curling his lips slightly, the Master spoke in a proud voice: “This is Pip, and he has great expectations of being a magician one day.” 
Johann, being the only one who got the joke, promptly made a raspberry sound with his tongue, which made Master Bates look about despondently, but he soon followed up with: “Sure to scare the dickens out of everyone.” He loudly laughed, but he was the only one to do so. 
Johann chucked a deck of playing cards at the wizard’s head, but he quickly ducked below the missile, although it did ruffle the hairs of the chimp on his back. Pip, whose head was far too large to even attempt such a maneuver — for fear that he may might temporarily lose his balance and start orbiting the Earth — took the full blow of the flying card deck right upon his enormous ear lobe.
“Ouch!” he peeped, and began rubbing his lobe liberally, which somehow caused three white bunnies to hop out of his ear canal.
“Well, Pip, say hello to Oldsmobill and his friends.” Master Bates demanded, to which Pip replied in a very sarcastic and droll voice:
“Hello to Oldsmobill and his friends.” He smiled a huge fake smile before the master slapped him on the back of his colossal skull.
“Damn your insolence, Pip! That is a very old joke…perhaps the oldest joke ever…why can’t you come up with any new material?” Master Bates hesitantly smiled, and apologized, while Pip, who had lost his balance from the blow to the head, suddenly went rolling across the floor. Matty, always alert to the dangers of falling boulders, quickly opened the front door and allowed the young apprentice to roll right out into the street.
The Batesman clapped his hands in appreciation, and forty doves suddenly flew through the room. “Oh, you must meet my new assistant, Juanita.” He dramatically waved his hand at the curtain, but no one appeared. After a few seconds, he smiled uneasily and called out, “Juanita, honey, why don’t you come out here and meet our guests?”
“I can’t,” she replied through the loud sounds of someone chewing gum. Master Bates looked round suspiciously, and gently smiled a nervous smile again.
“And why not, my pumpkin?” he gently queried.
Numerous smacking sounds filled the silence before Juanita’s high-pitched voice said: “I can’t get out of this stupid box.”
The wizard sighed and disappeared behind the curtain. Several moments later, after quite a cacophony of hammering, sawing and the loud unlatching of locks and latches, Juanita appeared from behind the curtain wearing a lovely, glistening, sequined evening gown, which reached down to her stiletto-heeled shoes. A long slit in the dress went all the way up to her upper thigh and unashamedly exposed her quite-shapely right leg. She was the type of blonde bombshell that any airman would gladly like to see drop through his bomb-bay doors anytime.
Matty immediately fell to his knees and begged her to marry him.
Juanita just laughed a shy little guffaw, at which point Matty begged her to have his children, or to at least partake in acquiring joint custody of a Labrador retriever.
Master Bates, steamed at Matty’s rather rude behavior, and at Juanita’s lack of a quick response, immediately turned him into a yellow 1968 Volkswagen Beetle.
“That’ll teach you not to be so cheeky,” the Batesman declared in a huff, but after Oldsmobill protested loudly, the jealous magician turned the VW back into Fatty Matty, but left a license plate dangling from his posterior.
“So, Oldsmobill, why have you traveled so far to see your old teacher?” the Batesman asked, handing the chimpanzee over to Juanita.
“I have a few questions to ask,” Olds replied.
“Oh, trivia! Then let us take a walk, and discuss these questions, and I will try to answer them, but not necessarily in order.” 
Master Bates then led everyone out into the street. “Juanita, dear, you and Mr. Chips keep an eye on the shop, and if Pip happens to roll back this way, have him sweep up and take out the trash.”
Juanita curtseyed a bit, which allowed Matty to get a nice glimpse of her excellent right kneecap. He swooned profusely and then fainted.
Johann rolled his eyes and softly said: “Just leave him.”
The three men slowly walked down the road and past several shops and eateries. The market was sparsely crowded with only a few wagons passing by, and a man carrying a wheelbarrow full of artichokes.
After a few paces, Oldsmobill pulled a little white towel from a compartment on his belt. The fabric had a large orange stain. He handed it to his former master. “What do you know about this?” he asked.
The Batesman stared intently at the cloth, took a deep sniff of the stain and even stuck the tip of his tongue to it. His face wrinkled. He then frowned at Olds.
“Why would you hand me a cloth soaked in the urine of a hedgehog stricken with malaria?” he scowled.
“No…” Olds replied, the frustration evident in his voice. “I dipped this in a bowl of orange liquid that I think is being used to poison King Hector Cornswallow.”
“Oh,” The Master replied, “That was my second guess.”
Oldsmobill grimaced, “I remember you telling me a little about this drug, but I thought you might know more about it.”
“Yes, yes. It’s called ‘poblium’, from the Poppyhoppy plant, grown on a mountainside near Constantinople. Mount Kipper, I think it is. Vicious stuff, it’s highly addictive and very dangerous.” 
He then slowly eyed Olds with a stern expression and started to wave his finger at him, “I would advise you to stop this self-destructive behavior Oldsmobill, or enroll in some type of fashionable rehab facility…or perhaps become a Hollywood starlet. Otherwise, you will leave me no choice but to invite all of your friends and several caterers over, and conduct one seriously intense intervention on your drug-addicted, good-for-nothing, junkie-ass!”
Olds sighed loudly. “No, this came from the Cornswallow Royal Chambers in Rottweillor Castle.”
“I don’t need to know where your dealer resides, my boy!”
Olds grunted loudly, “Listen! The king’s servant has bowls of this stuff in his room, and he soaks the king’s cantaloupes in it.” 
“Hmm,” the wizard hummed and thought a moment, his eyes glanced upward as he tapped his nose with an index finger, “the cantaloupe would be an excellent vehicle for disguising the color and taste of the drug.” He pursed his lips and turned back to Olds to ask, “So, tell me, how is the old royal bastard doing?”
“Near comatose, as far as I could tell,” Olds replied.
“Ah…” The wizard exhaled, suspiciously eyeing his ex-apprentice, “So, you and the king…did you two meet at a local opium den, or what?”
“No!” Olds loudly replied, and then, in total exacerbation, he reached over and forcefully pinched his master’s ear, which instantly started a heavy downpour.
“Ouch!” The Batesman replied. “No need for violence, you depraved stoner!”  
“I’m not addicted to the stuff! The king is!” Oldsmobill shouted, while all three ran under an awning of a nearby stable.
“Oh, well, then that would explain your extreme testiness about the whole matter.” The wizard lightly rubbed his chin. “Hmm, let me see, I would say that he probably started him on low doses, then continued to up the amount with each cantaloupe, producing a somewhat slow shock to the king’s system. His royal highness…heh-heh…no pun intended…was probably too delusional to even notice that his mind was gradually slipping away.”
Oldsmobill grew more serious and whispered, “Crown Prince Vespius is involved, I think.” 
The Batesman closed one eye and looked upward with the other. “More than likely,” he said. “What else do you know?”
“Vespius has the vision stone,” Olds replied plainly. 
Master Bates looked around through apprehensive, squinting eyes. He peeked his head out from under the awning and noticed that the rain was beginning to slacken. He whispered several sentences to himself and slowly walked over to a couple of barrels, where he sat down. 
“Really?” he softly asked. 
Olds nodded in approval and sat down as well. Johann leaned up against the wall of the stable and began nibbling on some trail mix.
“So, what does he plan on doing with it?” The Master asked.
Olds stared at his old teacher before looking down at the ground. “I don’t know.”
Master Bates hummed a bit, and then cheerfully asked, “So…what happened on your quest, where’s your armor?”
Olds sighed, and for the next few minutes he filled him in on all that had happened to him the last few days. His face went through the gamut of emotions from despair and sadness, to satisfaction and joy.  
After which point, the Batesman laughed and said, “Well, maybe you can get a do-over, I don’t know.”
“Well, pardon me for saying this, sir, but it seems my training was somewhat incomplete…” Oldsmobill meekly stated.
“What? Why you insolent little pig!”
“You could’ve filled me in on a few details of what my quest truly entailed, or at least given me a quick course in current events. I’ve been running around like a headless chicken, trying to figure out what’s going on.”
“I never said it was going to be easy. And you can subscribe to a newspaper, or a weekly tabloid, as well as anyone. Besides, I don’t know everything…”
“That’s not what you told me!”
“Oh, pish-posh…that was just good marketing on my part. Listen up, my boy, don’t believe everything you read in a sales brochure.”
Johann suddenly broke the tension in the air by asking, “So, what should we do now?” He followed that statement by dropping another handful of trail mix into his mouth.
Master Bates continued to frown at Olds, but his mood soon changed and he brightly said, “Well, first, go find that free sword you heard about in your dream, then come back to my shop. I have something to show you.” 
He jumped to his feet and began to walk briskly back down the road, after a few paces, he turned and shouted back, “I need to get back to my shop! Before your other friend wakes up and starts licking my assistant’s heavenly ankles!”
Oldsmobill sat on the barrel and scowled as his mentor ran down the road. He sighed and looked over at Johann. “I’m gonna dot that man’s eye before this is all over with…you wait and see,” he seethed between his teeth.
Johann just started to laugh. He walked over and gave Olds a light punch to the arm. “And he’ll turn you into a jack rabbit. C’mon, let’s go find that sword.”
The two began walking round the markets of Pooch in search of a blacksmith’s shop. Johann shared his trail mix with Olds and calmed his friend down with a few elf jokes. After turning a corner down another shop-lined dirt road, he asked, “So, Olds, is this where you’re from?”
Olds smiled. “No, I was born just to the north of here,” he said, pointing in that particular direction. “But, when I was young, I used to come here a lot with my dad.”
“Oh,” Johann replied, “So, what happened to your parents?”
“Well, after I was recruited to King Vacuous’ Drum Squad, they were put to work in the iron mines in eastern Allegoria.” Oldsmobill stared at the dusty road. “They died there. It seems there was a cave-in and…”
Olds stopped and began looking at the little buildings around him. His eyes slowly lifted up to the sky. “I never really knew them. They were taken from me when I was so young, that I didn’t get a chance to…” 
Johann grabbed the knight’s shoulder. “They would’ve been proud of you.”
Olds turned and looked upon his stout, little friend’s face. “I hope so, Johann. I hope so.”

They continued their walking down the road and eventually stopped in front of a squat, stone building. A small wall stretched to the left of the structure and was covered with a plank roof.  A burly man with a leather apron was busily pumping a bevel next to a furnace and using a large metal rod to stir the coals in the nearby fire pit. His arms were quite hairy and covered in a layer of dirt and ash. He wore a pair of large, padded leather gloves. After the coals in the fire pit were glowing bright orange, he pulled a small rectangular piece of metal out of the fiery midst with a hefty pair of tongs and proceeded to an anvil, where he began pounding the metal with a loud clanging sound.
Olds and Johann watched the man work for a few minutes before they entered his shop. They began looking around at the wide assortment of hinges, metal gates, armor, and weapons. The blacksmith squelched the glowing metal into a large trough of water as steam billowed out into the sky. 
“Pardon me sir,” Olds pleasantly asked, “Is this the only blacksmith shop left in Pooch?”
The man turned to them and smiled. The hairs on his arms were covered in little droplets of steam and sweat. “Yep,” he said, “cheap foreign labor drove the others out of business.” He looked back in the direction of the fire pit and pulled another glowing rectangle out of the coals. Sparks flew into the air as his hefty hammer came down upon the piece he positioned on an anvil. 
“Really?” Olds asked.
“Yep…still just enough work to keep me busy though.” He brought his hammer down again and several more sparks flew from the glowing metal.
Olds’ eyes narrowed a little and he bit his lip, not sure if he should even ask the next question. “Sir, I was told to ask you for a sword…” Olds gulped, “…and a black eye…” he nervously declared.
The curious knight suddenly heard a series of crashes and the sounds of falling objects, but before he could turn and see what the commotion was all about, a great pain atop his head sent stars bursting in front of his eyes. 
Next, as is usually the case after most brilliant firework displays, everything ultimately went dark.


‘And lo, for I say unto you, that there was a great warrior by the name of Sillius Rex, who did find the sword, lying next to the dead body of Great King Bridlefloss, who, having many wives and girlfriends, female acquaintances and escort services, did finally heave his last pelvic thrust and died in mid throb. And after Sillius Rex did lift the great fornicator off of a quite shocked, and rather masculine, temporary secretary, and after covering the sweaty carcass of Great King Bridlefloss with several file folders and assorted office supplies, did take the great sword Elvis, and the temporary secretary, whose name was Malice, out to lunch, and he did get her address and a copy of her photo i.d., and after promising her that he would call upon her, if the stars were right, and after she had thoroughly washed herself, did take the sword to a baseball game and held it high above his head and said: “Oh, world! Hear my words, for I have seen the dead body of Great King Bridlefloss…and he was built like an average-sized garden mole and his sexual prowess was like that of a small lap dog, or a nervous hamster on steroids.”
And many women in the stadium jumped up and wholeheartedly agreed, for they had witnessed firsthand that King Bridlefloss was indeed all talk and little, if any, foreplay. So, Sillius Rex, after consuming many hot dogs and buckets of cheese fries, did run upon the field and dutifully kicked an umpire in the shins, and he then ran around the bases, waving the great sword Elvis as he loped, and after he slid into home plate, he was declared ‘safe’ and won the game for the local Bartok Barnstormers, who advanced to the playoffs but were quickly defeated in the first round by a pack of wild wolves.
So, Sillius Rex went to his village elders, and after bribing them with all manner of cheap trinkets and used power tools, did bow before them and said, “I am Sillius Rex, and although my knees make funny sounds whenever I sit down, I can assure you that my faith is edging ever closer towards being quite strong, for I am rather devout, if you don’t press me too hard about it, and I’m happy to do whatever you tell me to do as long I can spend most of my weekends totally naked and lying about my little efficiency apartment, consuming bags of potato chips and fried pork products, and playing many games of solitaire, and almost always cheating on myself.” 
And the elders mumbled between themselves, and after several arm-wrestling contests and a game of musical chairs, and after they had ordered haggis from a local restaurant, and after they had shaved each other’s heads and given each other bikini-waxes, and after they had written many grocery lists and played several games of tic-tac-toe, and paper-rock-scissors, and after they threw several darts at a squirrel ― that had somehow or another gotten into their deliberation chamber ― and after all of this, they presented Sillius Rex with a bronzed donkey’s head and a card that read: ‘Okay, we will allow you to keep the sword as long as the both of you go, and leave no forwarding address.’
And Sillius Rex said unto the assorted bald-headed elders: “I will accept your command, and leave your fair and gentle land, but I’m taking every man or man-child, and every woman that wears a flat-top or a mullet, over the age of nineteen, with me.” And the elders, with their voluptuous upper thighs and shiny craniums, said that this was okay with them, for they hated all the extra competition.
So, like sands through an hourglass, time slowly exited one orb and collected into another, and Sillius Rex, now almost always wearing clothes, and smoking big cigars, took his large army of snotty-nosed brats and old legionnaires and led them to the castle of King Copocabaña, and assembled his army on the outskirts of the town, for all the hotel rooms were booked due to a farm-machinery convention. 
And Sillius Rex cried out to King Copocabaña, “Listen up! Mister Big Shot, for I have heard the wails and anguished laments of your people, and they are almost always out of tune and can’t seem to follow a simple beat, and they call to me and ask for salvation, or the name of a good Chinese restaurant that’s nearby and has a lenient check-cashing policy. So, I have arrived to ask you to put down your arms, as well as your legs, so that I may walk upon your prone, flabby, bodies and therefore not get my feet wet.”
And it was then that King Copocabaña, who missed the old days of stockpiling dandruff and muskrat bowling, and who once ate a friend’s gall stone because he couldn’t withstand peer pressure, and who once had a hornet’s nest surgically removed from his left ventricle, and he, unlike his flatulent brother, did once sing in the shower of his own untimely undoing, but had given up playing ping-pong because it sounded too much like the rocks which rattled inside his head, and it was he who once begat ‘Tylenawll’, who begat ‘Soodaphed’, who begat ‘Exsedarin’, who begat ‘Benadrill the Wisecrack’, and who, incidentally, once sold his mother to a traveling band of dog-food concessionaires for three guinea pigs and a handful of magic butter beans. 
And it came to pass that the usual suspects now gathered at their church and bowed before their porcelain god, and gave him many regurgitations and bulimic prayers of fasting and disorderly conduct.
And when the cock crowed thrice, and Sillius Rex had finished cleaning his toenails, and had inserted two large siphons into his nasal cavities, and placed upon his head the ceremonial colander, he then waved the mighty sword Elvis about his nether regions and screamed like a cat on a trampoline. And thus, the siege of King Copocabaña’s castle was soon under way and the soldiers bombarded his cardboard walls ― which were only painted to look like stone ― with many greeting cards, old fruitcakes, and water balloons.
And King Copocabaña waved a white flag and gave up his castle, for he had run out of toilet paper and had forgotten to stock-up during the weeks before the conflict. And Sillius Rex, feeling quite tall and house-proud, did build his throne there. And he celebrated his victory by peeling the skin off of his own legs and making a very nice set of hairy shower curtains.
Which just goes to show that you can never trust a man with a colander on his head and avarice in his shin bones.’

---The Book of Jasper, 6:24


Oldsmobill’s eyes slowly fluttered and flittered open. He felt water slowly drip off of his face, and he looked around and asked in a low voice, “Wha…what happened?”
Johann, who was kneeling next to him with an empty cup, asked: “You okay?”
Olds unhurriedly raised his head and felt a pain shooting through his skull. He then raised a couple of fingers to his eye to feel if it was swollen, but only felt its normal fleshy squishiness. “Did that guy punch me?” he asked in shocked puzzlement.
Johann looked to the blacksmith, who was standing over Olds as well, and peered down upon the dazed adventurer with a very concerned look upon his face, for he had let his insurance policy lapse and was afraid of a horrible lawsuit over the incident.
“No, no, sir, it was a dreadful accident,” he quickly replied, “I’d been working on a series of iron brackets, and when I struck this last one, it popped out of these here tongs, and then ricocheted off the anvil and bounced over and hit that hoe hanging on the wall, which fell over and released the latch on a crate of bowling balls, one of which rolled over and broke that old toilet bowl over there in the corner, which immediately shattered, and since there was a stack of old books sitting on top of it, brought the whole mess to the ground, and one of the books, a dictionary of cursed words, I think, hit that large fire poker which fell over and knocked that barber’s pole off a shelf which subsequently knocked over that huge mahogany hat rack!”
Olds gingerly got to his feet, rubbing the painful bump on the back of his head. “What?” he asked.
“…And the hat rack fell over and conked you in the back of the head,” the blacksmith said in a very panicky voice.
“A hat rack?” Olds asked, looking quite surprised at Johann, who simply replied: 
“It was actually pretty cool to watch.”
“Ya, strangest of things,” The blacksmith quickly added, and then he smiled and handed Olds a piece of paper, “If you’re feeling all right, could you please sign this release form, absolving me of all responsibility in this matter?”
Olds looked at the paper, and then to his left, where he saw a large hat rack lying next to him on the floor. 
“Uh, okay, I guess.”
The blacksmith, looking more and more worried, quickly added, “Hey! Tell ya what, I got this nice sword, which I was working on the scabbard for…” He quickly ran to the back of his shop and threw several boxes about and returned with a truly magnificent weapon. “Take this in exchange for any pain and suffering you might have incurred,” he said, smiling anxiously.
Oldsmobill gazed upon the sword, which was indeed beautiful. He slowly lifted it out of the scabbard and examined its sharp and shiny blade.
“An old drunk sold it to me for a jug of wine…he said he found it while digging for mushrooms in a cave near here. Very nice, huh?”
“Yes, it is,” Olds replied.
“It’s yours! I’ll throw in a new scabbard as well, and a belt, and a buckle…and this key chain, and a mouse pad, and uh, uh…” He suddenly gulped.  “Just sign the release, please,” he asked, smiling uneasily with a pleading look in his eyes.
Olds glanced over at Johann, who, with a bemused look upon his face, said: “As it has been fore-told, so shall it fore-be.” He then giggled.
Olds smiled as well, and signed his name to the release form, while the blacksmith lightly clapped his hands.
“Oh, thank you sir, thank you, I’m very sorry…very, very sorry, hope you feeling better, right?” 
“Thank you,” Olds replied. He felt faint for a second, and then slowly staggered out of the shop.
“Can I see that sword?” Johann asked, and Olds handed the weapon over to his friend. “Wow, this is a nice sword. Look, the blade has a name engraved on it.”
“Really?” Olds asked. He slowly rubbed the large bump on the back of his head again, winced slightly, and asked, “What does it say?”
Johann turned his head sideways and answered: “Elvis.”

The two slowly made their way back to Master Bates’ shop where Oldsmobill’s head was expertly wrapped ― a little excessively so ― for he slightly resembled a sultan or a taxi-cab driver. 
“That is a magnificent sword!” The Batesman said, finishing up his handy work on Olds’ new gauze helmet. “The great sword ‘Elvis’, quite legendary in an un-legendary sort of way. You certainly are one lucky little spinal tap, that I must say.”
Olds thanked him and continued staring at Juanita’s shapely gams. She sat with her legs crossed and idly flipped through a fashion magazine, all the while incessantly chewing a mouth full of gum. 
Meanwhile, Matty, who had been awakened earlier by a bullhorn-wielding Batesman, was given plenty of dirty magazines to read, in the hope that it would take his mind off of drinking Juanita’s bathwater.
Johann was busy playing ‘three card monty’ with Mr. Chips, the chimp, and losing every single game.
“This monkey’s hands are pretty quick…even with those funny looking thumbs,” he said in his own defense.
“Master, I believe the three witches are in grave danger,” Olds suddenly uncorked. “Vespius asked me of their lair, and I’m sure he means to do them harm.” 
“Oh,” His master replied, “They are quite safe. They’re presently in England, performing in a traveling production of Shakespeare’s ‘MacBeth’. Their agent had to really work to convince them to take the part of the three blind witches with long beards in the play, for they’re very sensitive to being type-cast.”
“Oh…” Olds replied.
“There,” The Batesman said, lightly tapping the head wrap, “that should serve you well, or get you elected Imam or something…now, come over here and let me show you something.” He slowly walked over to a large black box, which, when he pointed a finger toward it, opened up to reveal a large crystal ball. Johann, realizing that he had lost all of his trail mix to Mr. Chips, immediately went over to see what was going on.
“Ah, see? I still have a few things up my sleeves beside rabbits and long strands of tied hankies,” The master replied quite smugly. He waved his hands around the ball and a fog began to grow inside the crystal sphere, and soon, from out of the fog appeared an image. If Olds and Johann had been born several centuries later, they would have immediately recognized it as the slightly curved screen of a 10” black and white television set, but since they weren’t, and there wasn’t any electronic stores nearby, they looked upon it with a great deal of awe and fascination.
What they initially saw was a fuzzy image of themselves looking into the crystal ball.
“Oops,” Master Bates exclaimed, “I still have it hooked up to the surveillance system.” He waved his hands furiously around the ball, and after a blurry change of channels, it switched to an image of what appeared to be large iron forge. Several dark figures went about melting large amounts of ore and pouring the fiery liquid into large molds, while others pounded hammers upon bulky metal forms. As the camera panned out, a great metallic head made of many sheets of thick, riveted iron, filled the screen, and began to resemble the fierce façade of a very angry lion in mid roar. 
“What is that?” Johann asked.
“Not, sure.” The wizard replied, “But, whatever it is…it’s big, it’s made of metal, and it’s mean-looking.” He then waved his hands about the crystal ball again. Glancing back at his two companions, he spoke in an apologetic voice: “This was much easier before I lost the remote.” 
The great wizard continued to make strange gestures and occasionally adjusted two long wires that came out of the back of the box and had several thin strips of aluminum foil dangling from their tips. 
Another image quickly appeared. This one showed a large group of horsemen being engulfed by all manner of slop, and mud, and finally, a huge ball of glutinous hog manure.
“Hey!” Johann perked, “Yes! It is! It’s Timbrook!”
“Yes.” The master replied, grasping one of the metal wires and positioning his body rather awkwardly to acquire just the right signal.
“Those look like the Royal Guard.” Olds added. “And it appears that the Timbrookians have run them off.”
The screen was then filled with an aerial view of the horsemen retreating through the mountain pass and back down the road toward Fouldune. The camera slowly zoomed in until it showed Sergeant Woolsely’s mud-covered face and droopy mustache.
“I must say…the cinematography in this thing is excellent.” Johann cheeped, before Master Bates shushed him.
“Within a couple of weeks,” Sgt. Woolsely barked to his soldiers, “I will have a hundred men here, and I will personally see to it that Timbrook is wiped off the face of the earth!” His eyes were full of anger and silt. He coughed and spat out a small frog leg, before adding, “All according to the proper procedures, of course.”
“Oh, my…” Johann worriedly replied.
“That happened a couple of days ago,” The Batesman said, “I caught it on the satellite.” He swiftly waved his hands about again and the screen changed to another fuzzy channel. Thin bands of static ran across the display. Then an image of several men working on some type of wooden structure appeared. Behind them was a large, natural rock wall. The image suddenly disappeared into a discordant bit of white noise, before it slowly reappeared again. Standing on top of the rock wall was Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow, intently examining the workers. 
“That’s the cliff of Ballywarble Bluff!” Master Bates yelped, but then, more static stridently cut across the screen.
The wizard smacked the top of the crystal ball with his fist and cried out, “Damn reception! Probably interference from the mountains or someone nearby with a short wave radio.” He hit it again, and the image cleared up for a second, showing Vespius with another figure.
“Who is that?” Olds asked, squinting his eyes.
“It could be Jolias, the leader of the Andestas…. or perhaps one of those singing telegrams.” The master replied.
The image was suddenly interrupted, and after a brief bit of static, started showing an episode of ‘I Love Lucy’.
The Batesman waved his arms about in the air and adjusted the wires a little ― trying his best to get the previous image back, but to no avail. He grumbled to himself, snapped his fingers and the crystal ball made a loud click before the screen slowly dissolved into a single bright spot of light.
“So,” Olds asked, “What is Vespius doing with King Jolias?” He tapped the front of his white turban and began pacing about the shop.
“Yea.” Johann replied, rubbing his chin. He had a look of deep concern covering his face. He peered at the other two men and waved his finger slowly, his voice filled with suspicion:  
“And what does that Ricky Ricardo character have to do with all of this?”

*****

“We must ride to Timbrook, and warn the townspeople of the eminent doom awaiting them all!” Johann cried out, but he was alone in the outhouse, and hadn’t even finished his business yet. However, he did like the way his voice sounded, he thought, he just needed to work on his timing.
So after waiting several more minutes, he pulled his pants up and strolled into the shop like a man on a mission.
“We must ride to Timbrook, and warn the townspeople of the eminent doom awaiting them all!” He proudly exclaimed, but quickly realized that everyone must have left the shop and ran next-door to watch two goats wrestling in the mud, for it was Saturday night and there wasn’t much else to do in Pooch.
So, Johann pulled his pants up even higher, until they were level with his sternum and pinched his naughty bits terribly and gave him an atomic wedgie and exposed his soiled white socks that had ‘left’ and ‘right’ written on them, even though it really didn’t make any difference which foot they were on. So he ran out into the street and then next-door, where he saw two goats having it out in quite a brutal fashion with little red boxing gloves tied upon the tips of their curved horns. 
A large crowd formed a circle around the two and screamed insults and neighed, and jumped about, and held up their fists, which were all full of pawnshop tickets. But the goats were fighting robustly and bucked each other with many mighty punches, and pulled each other’s chin hairs, and called each other ‘sheep’ — which is a big insult if you’re a goat. 
So, Johann, with his chest-high pants and his soiled socks and burlap tunic, stood on the sidelines and tapped his foot rapidly, until one goat defeated the other by means of a vicious left hoof to the solar plexus.
Then, seeing his chance arrive at last, he jumped into the ring and shouted, “We must ride to Timbrook, and warn the townspeople of the eminent doom awaiting them all!”
Unfortunately the winning goat — who’s name (like all goats) was ‘Billy’ — didn’t like sharing the ‘lamb-light’, so he butted Johann right in his atomic wedgie and sent him flying across the road and into a restaurant.
Which is where he found Oldsmobill, Matty, the Batesman, and his lovely assistant Juanita, sitting quietly at a table and eating nachos.
“Hello Johann!” Matty crackled.
 “We must ride to Timbrook, and warn the townspeople of the eminent doom awaiting them all!” Johann squeaked from his prone position.
“Yes,” Olds replied, “But do try this nacho dip before it coagulates.”
“Don’t mind if I do,” Johann answered. He then got up, dusted himself off, and adjusted his pants in a downward direction.
Master Bates began to tell of his plan, and he pointed at everyone with the tip of a nacho chip, while his other hand softly massaged Juanita’s absolutely glorious kneecap.
“We shall go to Timbrook and attempt to save their ungodly, grubby souls, but first, we must enlist the aid of a few more men,” he pompously declared, and then quickly ate his pointing device.
“But, who?” Olds asked.
“Ah, my fine used-to-be blonde-haired friend,” the master replied slyly, “I happen to know just the type of men we need. They are camped not far from here, and are sorely looking for a fight.”
“Then we should leave at once!” Oldsmobill commanded, then rose from his chair. 
Master Bates smiled, and peered upon Juanita with a devilish look in his eye. “Give me about an hour,” he said. Juanita giggled and continued her chewing.
Olds slowly sat back down and dipped another corn chip into the nacho sauce, which was beginning to thicken with each passing minute.
“Hurry!” Johann suddenly cried out, “Finish the dip before it becomes as hard as mortar!”
The entire table suddenly became a blur of chips and rapid dipping motions until the bowl was thoroughly cleaned.

About ten minutes later…

Master Bates sundered out of his shop and stood on the porch and stared at his companions on their horses. “Okay, boys, time to hit the trail.” He beamed a huge satisfied smile, while everyone else rolled their eyes.
Juanita soon appeared on the porch in the same evening dress, with an ace of spades stuck in her cleavage. She lightly giggled and three white rabbits fell out of her dress and onto the porch.
Master Bates waved his arms about his head like a bad juggler and said: “Mookie Blaylock!” A large cloud of smoke suddenly engulfed him, and after quite a bit of coughing and hand waving, revealed him dressed as the ‘Lone Ranger’. 
“Hmmpf,” he grunted, and after adjusting his black mask, he said: “Gunga Din!” Another cloud of smoke appeared and dissipated, only to reveal him dressed in a brown leather vest, a ten-gallon hat and a pair of enormous, furry chaps, with snakeskin boots. He shrugged, pointed his hands to the road and cried out, “Mozambique!”
A large two-headed llama appeared. It had one head where it normally would be, toward the front, more or less, and a second rising from its hindquarters. The Batesman rubbed his chin and said, “I was wanting a rhino…but I guess this will have to do.”
He climbed upon his llama and turned to Juanita, who was leaning against the awning of the door and carefully applying lipstick to her stunningly shapely lips.
“We shall soon return my lovely bunny, fear not!” he yodeled, while waving his hat in the air. Juanita glanced over her tiny mirror, and after a few seconds of gum-chewing action, nonchalantly replied.
“A’right.”
“Okay, boys! Let’s go punch some donkeys!” He gave his llama a swift kick and away he trotted. The rest of his posse soon followed. A few yards down the road, Master Bates waved his hands in the air and said: “Ollie Garkey!” A flash of lightning filled the sky and he quickly turned in his saddle and looked back at his shop. 
A cloud of smoke slowly drifted away from the porch and revealed a large, hairy, barrel-headed man, with huge biceps and multiple tattoos on his arms. He was very mean and threatening looking, except for the fact that he was wearing a sequined evening dress. The huge monster of a man was slowly applying lipstick to his scarred and chapped lips, then screamed a very high-pitched, feminine scream, before clumsily running back into the shop in his high-heeled shoes. 
The Master lightly clapped and prodded his llama to go faster. He smiled a very contented smile and laughed, “Ha-ha, that’ll keep her ex-boyfriends away while I’m gone.”
Johann, Matty, and Oldsmobill just shook their heads and rolled their eyes as they left the town and headed off into the dark landscape beyond.




Chapter Seventeen: A Vegetable By Any Other Name…


The four riders galloped up towards the bank of the Ham-o-gram River, before turning onto a road that took a northerly direction. After passing the famous and mystical ‘Weeping Willow of Blemish’, and the equally famous and notorious “Boulder That Looks Kind’a Like A Big Weenie’, the group gradually merged onto an extended exit ramp and began galloping down a road that proceeded to the northeast. 
About a half-hour into the ride, a strap broke on Master Bates’ llama, and its head suddenly fell off. Luckily, it was the one that had sat on the hindquarters and not the one that the reins were attached to. The wizard, outfitted for a role in a cowboy epic, looked back and shrugged.
Oldsmobill glanced back as well, but had already come to suspect that the llama’s second head was phony, because its face was frozen in a kind of maniacal snarl. Matty, always the entrepreneur, leaned over the side of his horse and quickly grabbed the false head and neck, saying: “Hey, you never know when you’ll need a fake llama head.” After gazing upon the object for a while, he held it up to Johann, who shook his head with a mixture of puzzlement and disapproval.
They continued their journey until they entered the depths of the Balzac Forest. “How much further?” Olds asked his old teacher.
“How should I know?” the wizard replied, “They were up here the other day…perhaps they went to a swap-meet or something.”
Johann suddenly sensed a presence, and glancing back over his shoulder, saw two shadowy horsemen following them. He obtained Matty’s attention by throwing an apple core at his head, which connected with the stocking-cap-wearing-klepto right in the ear. He then waved his thumb and motioned Matty’s angry face to the rear.
“We have company,” Matty called out, causing Oldsmobill to look back at that point, which is why he almost ran into the line of horsemen that blocked the road ahead of them. He quickly turned and pulled hard on his horse’s reins. His colleagues quickly slowed as well in a heap of dust and flying pebbles. 
“Whoa! Mister Doolittle!” The Batesman cried, while pulling on his llama’s head. Soon, they were all standing around and looking at the line of grim-faced horsemen, and their grim-faced horses, and wondering what would happen next.
They quickly found out, when one of the men asked, “Who art thou mysterious riders?”
The crazy-eyed conjurer tipped his ten-gallon hat to the man and replied, “I am Master Bates, a wizard of some renown, and this is Oldsmobill, Johann, and Matty, who comprise only a small portion of my extensive team of chauffeurs and baggage clerks.”
The horses snorted, and the llama, for some reason, belched. 
One of the horsemen took a hoof or two forward. He was dressed in a bright green outfit, with a dark green triangular cap that had a large white feather sticking out of the brim. When his horse turned slightly, Olds noticed that the man’s green vest came to about the middle of his thighs, and he was wearing a pair of bright yellow tights.
“What business dost thou seek in the forests of Balzac?” he asked. 
Amid the darkness, Olds could just make out that the stranger had a very thin mustache and triangular goatee that ran down from his bottom lip.
Master Bates replied, “We are seeking the lost regiment of King Piddy’s Army, those men that call themselves…the Scumbags.”
A gasp went through the line of dark horsemen, and then a serious of chattering sounds, for they appeared to be nibbling on sunflower seeds. 
“Aye, rumors of those labeled as the Scumbags whisper through these forests like the wind across a snowy plain, and tales of great daring-do permeate the quiet of the moonlit nights. But, truth of the matter is, the Scumbags have long ago disbanded, and formed several Scum-baguettes…when their funding ran out,” the green rider proclaimed.
“Perhaps…but…if I may be so bold as to call you ‘but’…there is a dark cloud on the horizon and it blows this way from Walder, and to make matters worse…for I started this analogy, but have no idea how to end it…the name of that dark cloud is…Vespius Cornswallow!”
Another gasp went through the horsemen, and the green man slowly trotted into the moonlight. Around the mysterious man’s waist was a thick, dark green belt, with a long sword strapped to the side. His shoes were small and only came up to his ankles, with a decorative circle of triangles encircling the top.
“Aye,” he replied, looking over the four of them, “well, let me ask ye a question, perchance…do we have a common ally, or a common enemy?” 
“Yes, we have the same enemy, Sir ‘Man-in-Yellow-Tights’, but I would venture to say that he is anything but common.” The wizard looked intensely at the green figure, who stared back at him the same. A quick glance around the group brought a smile to his face.
“Then, fair riders of horse and llama, follow us, if ye truly be our allies, and we shall see what plans may be duly thought out and prescribed.” He suddenly reared his horse into the air and shouted:
“For I am Captain Tim Pestuous, leader of the Scumbags!” A loud cry went up from his men. Soon after, the entire group, including Olds and Johann, Matty and Cowboy Bates, quickly galloped down the road. 
They quickly reached a clearing off to the east and the Scumbags dismounted their horses and tied them to nearby trees. Master Bates and his companions did likewise.
Johann leaned over to Olds and whispered, “I don’t like this.”
“Aye, stay sharp,” he replied.
Once the horses were taken care of, a few of the men began to try and start a fire, but the Batesman rolled up his shirt sleeves and loudly proclaimed: “Wah-lah!” And a fire was instantly started, however, a man standing nearby also caught flame and quite a fuss then ensued to extinguish him.
“Stop, drop and roll!” the wizard cried, finally putting the flames out with a small fire extinguisher that he pulled out of his ten-gallon hat.
“What manner of wizard do you be?” Tim nervously asked.
With a slight look of embarrassment, Master Bates replied, “Well…it’s not an exact science.”
Tim gave him a long apprehensive look as he slowly turned to his smoldering companion. The blackened creature, known as “P’wned”, smiled and said, “I’m alright, just singed me clothes and hair a bit.”
“Good,” Tim replied, “A little char-broiling never hurt any man.” 
As the men began to group around the glow of the campfire’s light, Oldsmobill and his companions noticed that every one of the Scumbags were dressed in bright colors, and many wore tights, while others had magnificent armor. They all carried great swords or huge battle-axes, a few even had large shields and long, flowing cloaks. One particular warrior was dressed all in purple, while another had each piece of armor painted a different color. Upon closer examination, Oldsmobill recognized that every single one of them had a large, vibrant, yellow stripe painted down their spines.
 “Gentlemen, we are The Scumbags…cowards at heart and ne’er to be depended upon in times of trouble! We run away at the first sign of unsafe behavior. I am the captain of this band of worthless yellow-bellies…and I am easily frightened.” He bowed deeply and waved his feathered cap in the air. 
“You are the lost regiment of King Piddy the Fair?” the cowboy-wizard asked.
“That we be. We ran away to fight another day,” Tim proudly replied.
“I have heard of your story, but perhaps you could update me,” Master Bates said.
“Aye, that I shall do…once I have bested the best of you!”
“What?” 
“A duel, my guests, will determine your fate.” Tim stood arrogantly in front of them, smiling broadly.
“A duel?”  The wizard asked, “How about skipping that part and just telling us the story?” 
“Nope, no-can-do, for I must prove my status as Alpha Male.”
Master Bates looked at his three companions, who, he suddenly realized, were all looking directly at him. 
“The Batesman cometh!” Oldsmobill declared, pointing his finger at the mustachioed quipster.
“Me? Why not you? You’re the warrior!” the wizard exclaimed.
“What? And miss a good fight?” Olds replied, “Besides, it was your idea to come here, and it seems only suiting that you engage in the tussle.”
Master Bates sighed and slowly turned to Captain Pestuous. He lifted his eyes and moped, “All right.”
“Magnificent!” Tim barked. “But, remember, mighty practitioner of the cosmic arts and conjurer of fire and ride-able South American mammals…no magic!”
“Yea, yea, yea…” the wizard pouted. “I promise not to turn you into a large stalk of broccoli…even though the obvious passion for green in your wardrobe would not make it that big a stretch.”
Captain Tim smiled and waved his hand in the air. “Now, as our master of ceremonies, I nominate ‘WTF’…he is fair, and often drunk, and…well…that’s about all there is to him, actually.”
A small, fat guy rumbled forward and pulled a scroll out of his bright mauve tunic.  
“Hear ye! Hear ye! Tonight’s entertainment will be…a duel!” he pronounced in a deep voice, to which the assembled men loudly cheered.
“The first order of business is to bring in the judges.” WTF waved his hand and three nicely dressed people entered the fire-lit space of the clearing. The first to enter was a friar, with a long brown habit, and an oval ― but obviously fake ― bald spot tied to the top of his head.
“All the way from the Franciscan Monastery in Monaco, Friar Tuck…but his friends call him ‘Tummy’.” Applause filled the clearing, as the friar was lead to a tree. 
“Oh, god, not again...” The friar moaned and lifted his eyes toward the heavens.
WTF gave him a quick frown before speaking again, “And now, all the way from Rome…that bitter pill of high-society gossip, Miss Bronto Saurius!” Applause again filled the area as an older woman wearing a toga was led next to the friar.
After raising his hand, WTF hollered, “And last, but certainly not least, all the way from Tennessee…Davey Crockett!” 
Many cheers and ‘whoops’ went up from the crowd as a man in a buckskin outfit wearing a coonskin cap skipped into the clearing. He waved his hands and smiled broadly. When finally standing next to the other two, Friar Tuck scornfully whispered to him, “Give it a rest, huh, Davey?”
Tim Pestuous leaned over to Master Bates and whispered, “We keep these judges around for just such occasions.” He promptly smiled and patted the wizard on the shoulder. “Good luck,” he said.
The Batesman nodded unenthusiastically.
“Alright, alright, everyone knows the rules…or, at least I hope everyone does, for I lost the rulebook in a card game three fortnights ago…ahem…it is now time for the coin toss.” WTF pulled out a large souvenir coin from the 1106 World’s Fair and presented it to each combatant. 
“Captain, call it in the air.” he said, and then flipped the coin. 
Tim quickly shouted: “Heads!” 
After several rotations in the air, the coin landed, spun about and finally came to a rest — head’s side up. A loud cheer went up as several of the men began saying:
“Grats.”
“Congrats.”
“Grats.”
“Grats.”
“Congrats.”
“ ‘Ulations!”
“Grats.”
“Congo rats!”
The wizard smirked at the strange behavior and began loosening up. WTF pointed at Captain Tim and bellowed: “Tim has won the toss and now must chose the contest!”
A hush went through the clearing, as all eyes were now trained on Tim. A bead of sweat broke upon his forehead as his face curled into a look of deep thought. He squinted at his opponent and Master Bates looked back at him with a wary expression in his eyes. 
According to the rules of the duel, he could choose any manner of weaponry or competition: knives, swords, fresh fish, bare-knuckle boxing, Greco-Roman wrestling, or bobbing for apples.
He thought long and hard, the tension mounting with each second…
“I choose…” he dramatically yelled, then paused and looked round the circle of anticipating eyes, smiling slyly, “…dueling soliloquies!”
A great roar went up through he crowd, except for Master Bates who shrugged, and shook his head. “Ah, hell…not soliloquies!” He rubbed his eyes and undid the buckle holding his empty gun holster, “What a punk-ass,” he loudly whispered. 
“Master Bates, you get to choose the format,” WTF barked, “Iambic Pentameter, Haiku, or Free-Form Rhyme?”
“F.F.R.” The magician replied halfheartedly.
Tim proudly paraded around the circle, his arms outstretched and smiling broadly. When spying that the Batesman was ready, the two men gave a slight nod to WTF, who yelled out: “It is now time for the introductions!”
According to the rules, the introductions can be real or totally fictitious, the most important thing was to make a nice, first impression on the judges. Tim Pestuous was first. He strolled to the center of the circle and placed his hand upon his heart.
“I am Captain Tim Pestuous, from the land of the triple-play, often called Tripoli, and harbinger of meat loaf sandwiches. Looketh upon my works and tremble with much fear and frightful urinations. Hear my words and know this…that all rumors concerning me and several species of livestock are totally untrue.” He then bowed low and waved his arm in front of him. The crowd lightly clapped.
Then, the cowboy-conjuror strolled to the center of the circle, nodded several times to the crowd gathered, and simply said: “I am Master Anton Bates. I was born in Crete, and a cretin I shall always be.”
A low moan went through the crowd as he bowed. He shrugged his shoulders after the lukewarm reception and slowly strode to the sidelines, where his three colleagues had placed a stump for him to sit upon. Oldsmobill rubbed his master’s shoulders and said: “Okay, stay focused, but relaxed, and don’t worry, you’ll get him in the later rounds.” 
Matty pulled a bottle out of his saddlebag and squirted water into the wizard’s mouth. “Go get 'em champ,” he said, before taking off the Batesman’s ten-gallon hat and pouring the rest of the water over his head.
Meanwhile, Johann was busy fixing a small shaving nick on Master Bates’ left cheekbone, “Good luck out there, and remember, stick and move, stick and move,” he said, placing a large dollop of Vaseline on the magician’s left eyebrow.
The art of dueling soliloquies is an old and fabulous form of battle. Started by the Greek playwright Sophocles and a famous actor by the name of Bowlofleas, who dared to question Sophocles’ obsession with Oedipus, and thought that the playwright’s dramatic trilogy should be renamed: ‘Mommy Dearest.’ Incidentally, He had also once urged the playwright Aeschylus to change the title of his play ‘Agamemnon’ to ‘Backgamemnon’ for possible merchandising tie-ins. Thankfully, the spoiled actor was later killed by an angry chorus of chopstick-wielding Asian women insulted by his portrayal of Dionysus in an off-Thebes production of ‘The Bacchae.’
However, before his untimely demise, Bowlofleas had irked Sophocles so much with his constant plot suggestions and ad-libbing of lines that the playwright challenged him to a duel of soliloquies, which took place in a Greek back-shaving parlor, and lasted for nearly four excruciating hours. Finally, Bowlofleas, without the benefit of a chorus of elders or cue cards to supply him with thoughts and opposing points of view, succumbed to Sophocles’ clever use of metaphors and ‘knock-knock’ jokes, and grudgingly admitted defeat.
The most famous duel would occur several centuries later, when esteemed British actors Richard Burton, Peter O’Toole and Richard Harris all fought in a drunken three-way, round-robin match, which lasted nearly thirty-six hours and at least forty gallons of bourbon, gin and scotch. Even though it was never verified, it was believed that the reason no one wanted to withdraw from the competition was because the loser had to marry Elizabeth Taylor and star in ‘The Exorcist III.’ 
Another famous match occurred between William Shakespeare and Ben Johnson, which ended when Johnson said: “Ah, a vegetable by any other name…would probably still write dialogue better than you.”
Shakespeare, deeply upset, ran out of the theatre and immediately went home to write one of his lesser-known comedies entitled: ‘Benjamin Johnson is a Flatulent Pig.’
It closed after only one performance. One critic at the time wrote: “Pig farts will only get you so far…”

WTF waved his hand in the air and proclaimed, “Master Bates, you are first.”
The wizard slowly strolled to the center while all eyes watched. He clasped his hands behind his back and looked at the ground as if in deep thought. Suddenly he raised his arm elegantly and cried out in his best stage voice: 
“Oh, yes! Love and pain, love and pain, oh, how I adore that simple refrain.” 
Tim bounded across the circle, “My turn! My turn!”
The cantankerous wizard pushed his palm toward him and exclaimed: 
“But, first, another!
Oh, carrier pigeon, bring forth the dawn
With your waxy wings and pinkish ankles. 
What epicurean news dost thou bring?
Is my true love still cooing, or just attempting to sing?
Is she a’waiting with open arms, or is one of them in a sling?
Oh, tell me now, for I loved hearing her mispronounce my name,
And these memories of her surround me, like a large, gray bathtub ring.”

Master Bates then put the back of his hand upon his forehead and looked upward at the night sky.
“Oh, woe is me! 
So askance, or maybe a sconce,
I ponder my plunders, as the moon ovulates above,
And I delight in my plight ― like a vanishing kite, 
Ack! A palindrome is lodged in my diaphragm!
My diadem is but a paperweight on the desk of time. 
But, whither yonder or blonder I go,
I hear that saying once chundered under toe,
For, I once slugged a slug and mugged a mug,
And heard their tongues spark a plug:
‘Smudge not, lest ye be smudged.’
Oh, is this not the parlances of a maroon buffoon
Trapped in the Arch Diocese of love’s monsoon?”

Tim immediately replied: 
“Alas, dear derelict, I knew him well,
He was as happy as a Mexican jumping bean,
With a double-latte´ mocha complexion. 
Pallid, blue, and rouge, was his star-spangled banter. 
But he kept all his ideals in an idyllic decanter.
Sometimes he’d pour them all out, 
And at other times, he’d let it just drip,
Underscoring each obvious oversight,
And putting a paperclip on every Freudian slip.”

He then continued, circling about and thrusting his arms in the air:
“But Soothe! Lest I sing a tune at my mother’s breast,
Will I still continue to be such a mess?
With sleeves to sew before I’m address,
And smiles to know before I may jest…”

The Batesman quickly jumped in before things could get out of hand:
“…And lovers to abode before I’m considered a guest!” 

However, Tim was waiting for such a move and quickly countered:
“With one simple decision, I am turned to loam, 
But, I do not feeeel so all a-lone…”

Master Bates rolled his eyes, “Oh, geez…” he whispered, knowing what was coming. Tim lifted his arms up and shouted:
“For everybody must get stoned!”

The crowd erupted and began taking bets. A slow start, it seemed, but things were definitely heating up.

The Batesman stammered a bit, but begrudgingly began clapping and speaking loudly:
“Yes, yes, that’s it! 
A long-lost chord, a play on patterns, 
A play on words.
Ample and sampled, I see my passions play,
In rooms of allergies and maladies,
Contemptuous in their malodorous ways.
Who am I to wink and nudge,
When all I can carry is this heavy, heavy grudge? 
Let me dine upon their footprints!
Let me feast upon their battlements!
Let all who hear the trumpet’s call:
Wander about and squeek and squawk in the squall.
However, let every warring man know…
He is always done in by his very own sword.
Now, watch! As the blood trickles, down ribs all a’tickled,
First, your skull will be hammered and your neck will be sickled.”

Tim clapped heartily, and spoke stridently: 
“Bravo! Bravo! Not only a rhyme, but a political metaphor as well, But…if I may, let me have my say…”
He then strode to the center of the ring and raised his arms out little by little:
“Oh, how I would like to be a beagle,
And walk like an eagle,
And know of butterflies
Before they are illegal.
In a day of dust, my mind all a dewy mist,
I tried to dance with my love, 
But only stepped on her wrists.
She raised up in bellows, and pressurized fits,
To first curse me with ‘Othello’,
Before curing me with various ‘Hamlets’.
Oh, my! How her dreams still sticks to my ears,
How lovable it was to be both far, and then near.
I sputtered emancipations like an old prophet’s spill,
Without nouns or verbs, or even grunts or words,
As I listed all of her adverse reactions 
Upon numerous floating milk curds.”

Before the crowd could begin clapping after Tim’s speech, the Batesman burst right in:
“It was a day of frivolous fusion,
 A day of such magnificent querbs!”

A silence covered the crowd, as the wizard peered about. Tim turned upon him and said:
“Huh?”
Master Bates quickly countered:
“Querbs!”

Tim then hummed slightly and replied:
“You silly melon-head!
You topless spinal cord!
Do you not know that ‘querbs’ is not a word?”

The wizard looked around the crowd menacingly. He next placed his fingers upon his temples and started tapping lightly:
“Oh, but it is! It is!
Simple-minded dromedary,
Why, I’ll look it up, in my cerebral dictionary!”

He then fluttered his eyes rapidly as his head vibrated like a tuning fork:
“Querbs, I quote to sort:
‘To drown, to soak, to drench with ecstasy,
To swim in a pleasurable ocean,
To bob,
To float.’
So says my huge brain, so says my lips and tongue,
I am but a ladder, looking for another rung.”

The Batesman, now sensing an advantage quickly continued:
“Now, let me convolute…
Alas! Dear friends, I have chicken legs!
My nose is an oxygen tent.
My lips are a chainsaw.
My eyes are like giant balloons that fall like stones,
While others rise, like birds and foam.
My mouth fumes like an active volcano.
My chin surrenders like a sleeping armadillo.
My fingers are like rivets,
My knuckles are like screws.
My hands are like pliers…
My body is…one, large, tool!”

The crowd roared. Then, in a most dramatic of fashion, the Batesman grabbed a burning tree branch from the fire, and slowly walked a few steps out of the ring. He pointed the flame to the east and softly added:
“I am a nail in search of a hammer,
A diving board in search of a pool.”

The crowd clapped quite loudly, thrilled by his sense for the theatrical, but Tim Pestuous was not so impressed. He put his hands on his waist and lifted an eyebrow towards the magician:
“You speak like a smoke-ring,
All changing and a-flutter,
A slight breeze, it seems,
Determines each syllable you mutter.”

Master Bates quickly turned and pointed at Tim:
“Oh! Is it insult time, my fearful friend?
But, surely your own brain’s grasp of reality
Hath doth come to an end!”

Tim laughed:
“Don’t raise high-minded language with me,
Bourgeois dupe!
Your brain is a litter box,
Where kittens come to poop.”

A loud gasp went up from the crowd, the anger showed upon the Batesman’s face. He grabbed his skull and shook madly:
“A hit! A hit!
A cerebral slice by a rapier wit!
Next, he sneered at Tim:
“Too bad your working-class muzzle
Cannot conceal your soupy mind’s unrefined vomit.
Foam on! Dear rapscallion!
I’ll say this in head-counts with great tempers rising…
Your mother is a wildebeest!
Your wife a belching bison!”

They were now toe-to-toe as Tim shouted out:
“Mortal man!
Do not cross my entanglements.
I’ll see your organs splayed like a dissected marmoset.
Bah! Such useless flesh, fit only for dregs,
But no more useless then the flesh between your legs!”

The wizard jumped up and pulled off his leather vest and white shirt, exposing his white ‘wife-beater’ tank-top tee shirt, which was encrusted with many small rhinestones in the shape of Texas. He waved his arms about and spat:
“That did it! That did it!
Oh, what a mighty punch!
Across your pitted prow, 
I shall lay a cartilage-crackling crunch.
Into your jelly-belly I will shoulder-bone connect,
Then across your sternum with some heavy object!
You wish to fish, huh? Lecherous worm.
I shall turn you into a bloody mass,
And then laugh, as you squirm.
I’ll turn you into a jellyfish.
A planarian, a squid, or some form of octopi!
A man without a spine!
I’ll beat you into an arthropod! An insect!
A squashed, unrecognizable fly!”

Tim stood still and proud, and after a dismissive wave towards tank-topped conjuror, he then said:
“Your words are of no consequence to me,
My brain is much bigger,
You are a slime mold,
Disguised as a gravedigger.
You cannot tremble me with your simple-minded rounds,
Every word you speak reminds me only of flushing sounds.
In through your ears and out through your mouth,
You only take what is said,
And just crap it back out.

Master Bates waved his fists in front of Captain Pestuous:
“Oh, yeah?!”
Tim replied, quite satisfied with his performance:
“Indubitably.”
The Batesman then calmed himself a bit and looked straight into his opponent’s eyes. He next looked up to the sky, while a faint smile curled across his face.
“Fine,” he said. 
He then kneed Tim right in the groin.
The crowd gasped in horror, for this action was a bit out of line, but was in accordance with the rules, and there was precedence for such action when Sir John Gielgud, during a well-known duel that took place after rehearsals for a theatrical production of ‘Hamlet’, once cracked Sir Lawrence Olivier in the head with a plaster skull from the props department. 
“Take that then!” Master Bates exclaimed, as Tim crumbled to the ground ― his hands grasping his groin area. The wizard walked slowly around the weeping hump:
“Writhe in pain and squeal like a boar,
I’ve just shown you what a bony knee is good for!
Ah-ha! Your voice is rising,
Like a roll on a piano,
And I must say that I like you more…
Now that you are a soprano.”

He then placed one hand over his heart and proclaimed:
“But, soft, let me reiterate:
When words fail to wound, a bony knee may be raised!
Now, I laugh, as your eyes retreat into their sockets,
Your body all bent, your hands in your pockets.
So, congratulate me,
A victor and his spoils,
I’ve done what the Romans did,
But, with far less toil.
Oh, yes! Complete camels hump less then you,
Young chickens chirp in lower tones, too!
A dance! A dance! Is that how it goes?
Bridled spinster of such princely prose.”

“Foul,” Tim gasped, while slowly rolling about on the ground. “Foul!”
The Batesman continued, now playing to the crowd:
“But, soot,
My fine oratory friend,
One botch to the crotch 
And all your great speeches end.
So, nouns I stands here,
Pleasantly surveying your body in tatters,
Ands I laughs…ha-ha-ha,
Like a mound pitcher, or a disgruntled chef,
Who has just thrown out another batter.
But, Sloth!
My dearest lilac Appomattox,
I shall detain you no longer,
Time is better spent in other ways of dishonor.
So, I bid you fair, whale.
Don’t bother getting up,
All your words now spill from a terribly cracked cup.
Your mumbling curses buzz by like flies in a dump,
But what harm is such profanity? 
When emanating from such a pain-riddled lump?
Oh, my fine, purple-ly adversary,
You are as crippled as cold, November kisses,
Your voice is a wind that blows across barren, snowy visages.
Around and around, they spin,
These treacherous words that you use,
But how can they harm,
When blown by one such as you?”
I say they cannot!
For they just drift on by,
Like the spit which drips from your lips,
Like the tears which flow from your eyes!

So, look east hissing lisper, for I’m out!
I bid: ‘Peace be with you’,
Kind, parasitic brother!
I’m off to find more colloquies…
And to French kiss your fat mother!”

The crowd roared with excitement, but rapidly quieted as they waited for Tim Pestuous to fight back. Several minutes went by, and then WTF came into the ring and knelt down beside the fallen orator. After a few more minutes, the portly soldier rose up and declared, “I’m sorry, Tim is incapable of continuing.”
A gasp went up among the crowd as the judges, slowly shaking their heads, all pointed to Master Bates as the winner. 
The wizard’s three companions jumped for joy as Tim was helped off the field of battle, still tightly grasping his now amethyst family jewels.

A few minutes later, Tim ― appearing much better ― came over and congratulated the Batesman.
“Well played, my fine friend, well played indeed.” Tim laughed, shaking the wizard’s hand.
“Sorry about all that,” Master Bates replied, “I guess I lost my temper…” 
“No, no, certainly within the boundaries of competition, though what you may lack in ability, you make up for with tenacity. I like that, and I applaud your quick action.”
“Good! All’s well that ends well.” Master Bates laughed, “Now about this plan…”
Tim laughed loudly and raised his arms, “All in good time my middle-aged, ball-busting, warlock-cowpoke…but first, we must wine and dine!” He bellowed the last line and looked around at his men, who all burst into a cheer. Tim took several steps towards the fire and waved his arms about.
“Great!” Johann suddenly shouted, “What are we having?”
Tim suddenly turned and gazed upon his guests with a surprised look upon his face, “What? You came to visit us and you didst not bring any vittles?”
The Batesman sneered. “Oh, alright!” he grumbled, after which he waved his arms around like a belly-dancer, and exclaimed: “Medulla Oblongata!” 
Suddenly the clearing was full of tables, all of which were covered by nice, checkered tablecloths and several large turkeys on silver platters. In the middle of each table was a small candle with a folded card that read: ‘Happy Fiftieth Birthday, Earl!’
“Glory-be to the James Gang!” Tim cried out.
Everyone ran to the tables and began to eat voraciously. The turkeys were wonderful looking, but, unfortunately, they tasted like turkey-flavored cardboard. No one complained much about it though.
Even the judges of the soliloquy competition ate heartily, before being released back into the darkness of the forest. Captain Tim pointed a turkey leg at them as they disappeared into the shadows, “We shall call upon thee again soon, fair and honorable adjudicators, for next week is the annual porcupine-tossing tournament!”
To which the voice of Friar Tuck sarcastically bellowed out of the darkness: “Oh, joy!”
Captain Tim leaned over to Master Bates and whispered, “They are an irritable trio, but by some strange sort of magic are destined to spend their lives in these here woods.”
“Hmm,” the Batesman replied, “I have heard rumors of such things, but thought they were simply the delusional ramblings of a hermit who perchance partook of too many toadstools.”
“No, Bartok Forest contains many such wandering celebrities, why, I met Woodrow Wilson the other day. He was panhandling for gold down by Mammunia Creek, and wearing a roasting pot upon his head.”
“Amazing!” The Batesman replied.
“Yes, and yesterday, I saw William Tell making several overt overtures to a lady dressed in a muumuu…Dolly Madison, I think she said her name was…a crooner of sorts…who wrote many hymns and psalms about numerous types of sweet breads.”    
Master Bates nodded and continued to eat his dinner, the bland taste of which he had become accustomed to over the years. Looking about, he saw that everyone was enjoying themselves, as well as the food, and this pleased him, for usually whenever he produced a meal by the means of magic, his guests would complain horribly, which angered him and caused him to do nasty things like turning finicky diners into large sponge cakes or brightly colored disposable lighters.
After several mouthfuls of the almost tasteless meat, a man tapped Oldsmobill on the shoulder and asked, “Hey, mate, can I see your sword?”
Olds obliged him and handed the great sword called ‘Elvis’ over to him. He looked upon it intensely before handing it back.
“S’alright, I guess,” he said, after which he pulled out a huge, light-blue sword that actually glowed in his hands. Olds looked upon it with great awe. 
“This is what you need,” the man proudly declared, “the Sword of Eternal Agony!”
“That is very nice.” Olds exclaimed.
“Ya, it is, it gives you a +10 to your armor bonus, and a +25 to damage output,” he smiled. 
Another fellow leaned in and grumbled, “Bah! It’s too slow! What you need mate, is the “Battle-Axe of Farina’s Cauldron’, now that gives you a +15 to your armor, produces a nice d.o.t. spell and doesn’t decrease your HP.”
The first man quickly replied: “Yea, but he’d need to re-spec to ‘Battle-Axe’ and his constitution would surely suffer.” He turned back to Olds and asked, “Say mate, what level are you?”
“Level?” Olds asked, quite puzzled.
“Noob!” Another man from across the table suddenly shouted out. “Told ya! They’re all noobs…we’re in the thickets this time! Probably not a healer in the whole freakin’ bunch.”
The first man placed his hand on Olds’ shoulder, “My name’s FumbDuck, and I’m a two-handed sword spec, just like you,” he softly said and smiled again. 
Olds lightly smiled back. 
“That guy is TrollKiller321, now he’s a battle-axe spec,” FumbDuck graveled, pointing to a large, brutish man, dressed in blackened armor that was adorned with large spikes upon the shoulders. A kindly smile creased across his roughly hewed face and he leaned in and shook Olds’ hand firmly. As he did so, a concerned look soon replaced his smile. 
“You don’t have ‘Erina’s Ring’?” he asked in a shocked tone.
“Told you he was a noob! We’re dead for sure!” The man from across the table shouted out.
FumbDuck tried to calm the outspoken man with several waves of his hands. “And that’s Wreznor, he’s a bit of an ass,” he whispered.
“I am not, I just don’t like grouping with newbies!” Wreznor exclaimed.
“Oldsmobill, how have you survived without Erina’s Ring?” TrollKiller321 queried.
“I don’t know, I just, uh, what is it?”  Olds asked.
All of them laughed, except Wreznor, who just mumbled, “Silly, gimpy-ass noob.”
“Well,” FumbDuck replied, “you positively, absolutely, need Erina’s Ring, it gives you an armor bonus of +25, and a constitution bonus of +25, and the ability to perform a level-three heal spell. It’s a must Olds, a must.”
“Naw, if you get ‘Larrian’s Breastplate, the ‘Cloak of Missing Persons’, and ‘Faraday’s Boots,’ you can do without it,” another voiced.
“That’s RealMenWearPurple, he’s an elder, but he’s templated, so what he’s saying isn’t going to help you much,” FumbDuck whispered.
Olds peered upon all the men with a look of great confusion. 
“Thanks, but I think I’ll just stick with what I got,” he smiled, which made the whole group chuckle. It was at this point that Olds noticed the strange way in which they all laughed. It wasn’t a normal laugh, like ‘ha-ha-ha’, it was more like ‘lol-lol-lol,’ which they performed in quick succession. Some even went so far as to roll about on the ground while chortling: ‘rofl-rofl-rofl.’
“Olds, you definitely need better armor though, mate, that standard issue chain-mail just isn’t going to cut it when we go out P-v-P’ing, sure it may be alright for killing snakes or wolves, or low-level zombies, but we’re talking about running with the Zerg, and you’ll be dead meat out there with that lowbie stuff.” FumbDuck smiled and showed him his armored glove.
“Now look at that,” he proudly proclaimed, moving his gloved hand in the air. It was bright gold, with sparkling jewels encrusted into the metal. “These are ‘Ballawrog’s Gloves of Defending,’ I had to kill that MOB twenty or thirty times before he dropped these babies!”
“Wow,” Olds replied, not understanding a word he said.
“Yea, but his strength isn’t high enough for those,” Wreznor growled, “He’s a freaking noob!”
“C’mon Wrez, give the rookie a break, will ya? You were once a newbie, too.”
Wreznor threw a turkey bone over his shoulder. “I only need five more kills to reach level 50, and I’m not going to waste my time running with a bunch of know-nothing noobs, is that so bad? All he probably wants anyway is for us to help him level-up and then he’ll be off. Why should I waste my time?”
“Olds, you should get a group and run ‘Telmont’s Dungeon’,” TrollKiller321 suddenly interjected, “if you beat the boss, he’ll drop a re-spec stone, and then you can re-spec to ‘battle axe’.”
FumbDuck grabbed Olds’ shoulder and cried out, “No, they’ll all con red to him! You’ll be wiped within a sec or two…imho.”
“Imho?” Olds asked, totally befuddled at this point.
“In my humble opinion…”
“Oh…”
“Heh, his aggro will get us all slaughtered!” Wreznor sneered.
“Ain’t no group gonna take him if he ain’t ‘battle-axe’. 
“No…sword and shield spec would be better…more defense.”
“No, get your template, then you can run more P-v-P.”
“Basic hybrid, that’s the way to go, put 25 into sword and the rest into crossbow.”
“What?!”
“He can pull MOB’s and level-up faster.”
“We’re not even talking P-v-E!”
“Lol.”
“Rofl!”
Olds slowly got up from the table and went over by a tree and sat down next to Johann, while the group of men continued to argue.
“These guys are kind’a strange,” Olds whispered.
“Yep,” Johann replied, “I told them the only weapon I had was a dagger and they all started going: ‘lmao-lmao-lmao’.” 

The Batesman looked over at Captain Tim Pestuous and asked, “So, what is the story behind you and your band of merry men?”
Tim finished a long strip of turkey meat and wiped his chin on his sleeve. “Ah, we be the ‘Scumbags’, late to battle and cursed to be called chicken-livered drunks for the rest of our lives.”
“Oh,” The Batesman replied.
“It was the night before the great mêlée of Tarmac Plain, we were duly stationed in Dripplesburg, guarding an ammo dump. When one of my astute colleagues realized that the many casks stacked around the place were not truly ammo, or even C-rations, but were in fact, casks and casks of wonderful, glorious mead! Oh, hear me when I say, we all started slobbering at that point!” Tim ripped a large chunk of dark meat from the turkey leg.
“So, you guys drank the mead?”
“Aye! You bet we did. It is quite a rarity around here…don’cha know, and this was an especially magnificent batch, produced by Chip the Viking, Warlord of Compton, and the best beekeeper in the world, next to that ‘Sue Bee’ chick. Tasty and powerful it was, with just a hint of clover.”
“So, you guys partied all night, I guess.”
“Aye,” Tim replied, his expression changing to one of regret, “We partied like it was 999. And we woke up late, and by the time we all got dressed and made it to the battlefield, it was all over but the shouting.”
Tim pointed the turkey leg at Master Bates, “Which we did a lot of…that I can assure you!”
“So, what happened next?”
“We were cast out by our villages, families, and fellow townspeople, and cursed to wear this yellow stripe along our spines until we either redeem ourselves or are hired by a road-construction crew.”
“Hmm,” Master Bates replied, “I may have a way for your men to atone for themselves, and defeat Prince Vespius, once and for all.”
“I am all ears fair fire-wizard, for its not easy being so cheesy.” 
Master Bates frowned for a second, not understanding what exactly he meant by that, but shrugged it off and continued. “Vespius has apparently allied himself with Jolias Gladbottom of the Andestas. We must find out what his plan is and usurp his control over this country.”
“U-slurp?”
“No, usurp…it means, uh, take-over.”
“Oh. But my men, though brave beyond their hat-sizes, are but few, only about a hundred in total, and fewer than that during tax season.”
“Then we will have to use our wits, and a little magic, and a very aggressive and well-organized public relations campaign.”
“Aye, ‘Wizard of the O.K. Corral’, the words you speak have the ring of truth about them, of course, I always hear a ringing of some sort inside my thick skull…old boot camp injury.”
“Very good,” Cowboy Bates replied happily, “Then lissen’ up pardna’, tomorrow morning we ride to Walder and see what Vespius is up to…up yonder.”
“Aye! So it has been decided, tomorrow…after breakfast of course…” 
Master Bates grudgingly nodded his head in an affirmative manner.
“…We ride to Walder, and redeemeth our gutless hides!”
The group of men all cheered loudly and began to chant: “Zerg! Zerg! Zerg! Zerg!” 
Johann jumped up and loudly asked, “But, what about Timbrook?”
Tim Pestuous looked around, quite confounded. Master Bates speedily stood and pointed his finger in the air. “Oh, yes, I almost forgot about those manure-covered ingrates.”
“What is Timbrook?” The Captain asked.
“A small bowl of sewage not far from Fouldune.” Master Bates answered. “Tim, we will need to split your troops up into two separate divisions, one for Walder, and another to save Timbrook.”
“Oh! We’re dead for sure!” Wreznor suddenly squealed.
“Aye, we shall be overrun with so little a force,” pleaded Tim.
“Zerg! Zerg! Zerg! Zerg!” the Scumbags started chanting again.
“What the hell’s a Zerg?” Olds asked.
FumbDuck turned to Oldsmobill and quietly explained, “It’s a massively large force…everyone moving as one…as opposed to several well-coordinated regiments. The Zerg is like a great, bloodthirsty organism that wipes foes off the map and can be guaranteed to net you plenty of XP’s and Kill Points.”
Olds shook his head rapidly. “Oh, well…that clears it up.”
“As leader, I say we do as the cowboy-wizard commands, for he seems wise beyond his boot-straps, and furthermore, he carries a fully loaded buffet wherever he dost go,” Tim shouted out.
The men all grumbled and mumbled, but understood that an army always travels on its stomach, and that was especially true with this particular band of hungry, and notoriously cowardly, lions.
Without hearing anymore objections (except for Wreznor who yelled out, “I ain’t grouping with these freaking noobs!”) Tim proclaimed to the assembled men, “Then, it is settled. Tomorrow morning, I , and the magical six-gunner, as well as his posse, will ride to Walder. FumbDuck will lead the rest of you to Timbrook so as to assist the pimples there in their town’s defense.”
“Aye!” Half of the men cheered. The other half, namely the ones going to Timbrook moaned, for they would not have Master Bates’ luxurious soup kitchen tagging along.
“Uh, no!” The Batesman responded. “Johann, you must ride with the Timbrook contingent, or else they’ll be quite a feast of horse meat upon their arrival in the ol’ cesspool.”
“Will do!” Johann proudly approved.
“You men must ride like the wind, if that is, the wind ever chose to ride horses…either way, you must arrive there in time to sure up their defenses.” The Batesman said.
“Aye!” The Scumbags cheered.
“How many healers will we have?” RealMenWearPurple asked.
“Shut up.” Tim quickly answered.
“See? We’re all dead meat for sure!” Wreznor piped out.
“Now, sleep well my little gutless wonders, for tomorrow we shall start on our path toward emancipation!” Tim cried out among the cheers of the men.
Master Bates walked over to Johann and said, “Be brave, my soggy little friend, and strongly encourage your fellow wood-eaters to listen to these men and take their counsel wisely.”
“You can count on me, Hoss!” Johann replied.
“Olds, Matty, get some sleep, for we will need extreme vigilance and courage if we are to waltz right into Vespius’ homeland and see what type of vile treachery he is planning.”
“No problem.” Olds answered.
“Sure thing, Marshal.” Matty replied.
The Batesman then leaned in a little and whispered to all three, “And be careful! These cowardly cohorts of ours might run at the drop of a hat, or even at the hiss of a cat, so keep an eye on them, or you may find yourself in the throes of battle…all by your lonesome.”
They all looked at each other ― and almost simultaneously ― loudly gulped.

The Scumbags, having scattered themselves all around the clearing, began to gradually go to sleep. The strange thing was that right before each member fell into a deep slumber, they would all mumble the same words.
“FumbDuck logging off.” 
“WTF logging off.”
“LongShanks logging off.”
“Goodnight guys, TrollKiller321 logging off.”
Oldsmobill listened as each member of the Scumbags did this, all around the clearing, and believing it to be some sort of a ritual, voiced, “Oldsmobill logging off.” He fell quickly into a deep sleep, which is why he didn’t hear Wreznor reply:
“Stupid newbie…Wreznor logging off.”

The next morning, after an extensive buffet of eggs, bacon, biscuits, and sausage gravy ― all of which tasted like flavored packing foam ― the entire assemblage made ready for their separate journeys.
Johann bid his companions goodbye and looked quite fierce in the suit of armor that FumbDuck had lent him. He wore ‘Garvock’s Helm’ on his head, which was a full helmet with gold stars embossed around the rim, and which gave him a recovery and quickness bonus. Covering his torso was the ‘Mighty Breastplate of Dark Powers’ that gave him a +10 to his hit points and +5 to his speed rating. He wore the lowbie leather ‘Harko’s Jerkins’ which increased his manna slightly; and ‘Bazel’s Boots of Wide-Eyed Wonder’, which looked awfully nice and shiny, but didn’t really have any type of additional benefits.
He proudly held out ‘Giblet’s Cutter’, which was a short sword and felt nicely balanced in his hand. It provided a +5 bonus to his damage output, but did cost him a little in his constitution rating. 
“What do you think Olds?” he asked. 
Olds looked at the sword and smiled broadly. “Very nice.” After handing it back to him, he added, “As is the armor, you know, this is quality stuff.”
Johann ran his fingers across the black and gray breastplate. He smiled and replied, “Yes, very fine armor…funny…but I never thought of wearing any kind of armor before!”
Olds laughed. “Johann the warrior.” He took a couple of steps to the left and peered upon the back of the breastplate. Small red rivets along the shoulders sparkled in the sun. They were several tiny gems embedded into the metal of the armor as well, and Oldsmobill was sure that FumbDuck dutifully explained all the pluses and minuses that each gem gave to the armor. “The best thing is that you don’t have one of those yellow stripes on the back.”
“Ya! It seems that as soon as a Scumbag takes off the armor, the stripe disappears. What strange magic.”
Olds smiled and lightly dinked Johann’s helmet with his knuckles. “You be careful.”
“You too.”
“Listen, I’m sorry that  we didn’t make it to Dripplesburg to check on Rita. But I promise that…”
Johann smiled, “Don’t worry about that now Olds. If it was meant to be then it will be…”
“Well, if we get close to Dripplesburg, I swing by the church and ask around.”
“I would certainly appreciate that.” Johann reached his hand down and shook Olds’. “Take care, buddy. See ya soon.”
“You bet.” Olds smiled and nodded his head, “We will be in Timbrook as soon as we see what Vespius and Jolias are up too.” 
“Take care, friends,” Johann cried out. Johann climbed upon his horse, turned the mighty stead toward the road and cried out, “Take care, friends!” He then snapped the reigns and began to ride out with the rest of the Scumbags.
Olds nodded and waved as the company rode away. Matty stood next to him and waved toward the contingent as well. 
“Take care, Johann!” He called out, before looking to Olds and smiling. The husky ex-sailor had a bit of lowbie armor on that had been lent to him as well, and was still fiddling with a strap on his thick, reinforced leather vest, which had been a drop from a low-level MOB, with no bonuses. 
“Here, Matty, let me help you with that.” Olds said.
“Okay…so, after we find out about Vespius’ plan, can we stop by the ol’ farm for a little bit?” He asked.
Olds looked confused and then smiled. “Oh, right. I’m sorry, I forgot that you told me that you once lived by Walder.”
“Yea. It’s right off the road. Won’t take but a minute or two.”
“Are you planning on staying?” Olds asked in a concerned voice.
“No, but if we’re going to defend Timbrook, we might need some help, and I’m sure my family would be happy to volunteer.” Matty replied.
Olds lightly smirked. “Well, I’m not sure how much help they could be. There! How’s that feel?” He said, finishing the strap and tucking the buckle under a leather cover near Matty’s shoulder blades.
Matty turned and stretched his arms and shoulders, “Oh, my brothers are expert shots with a bow, they were once in King Hector’s Army, but quit after their general was ambushed and killed with the rest of the commanders.”
“Oh,” Olds replied, “Well, in that case, I’m sure they will be of great service!”
Olds patted Matty on the shoulder and turned towards his horse. He began checking the straps on the saddle and the saddlebags. Matty followed and loaded a couple of canteens of water and tied the fake llama head to the back of his saddle.
“If your brothers are experts with the bow, we may have them train some of the residents of Timbrook. They need all the help they can get, for Vespius is just going to keep sending more men their way,” Olds said.
“Oh, yea, they’d probably like that. They hate Vespius,” Matty replied. He then climbed upon his horse.
Olds did the same, and afterward, looked over to Tim Pestuous, who was just climbing atop his horse as well. Mater Bates, now dressed up as Lancelot, complete with an extra long and billowing ostrich feather attached to his helmet, sat patiently on his fully armored llama.
“So, Matty, how many brothers do you have?” Olds casually asked.
“Three, their names are Mark, Luke, and John.” 
Olds laughed, “Oh, and you must be Matthew?”
“Yes,” Matty replied, now laughing as well, before sarcastically adding, “How’d you ever guess?”
 Olds continued to smile as he petted his horse’s mane and began to trot over to the others. Within a couple of seconds, he heard Matty’s voice, and what he said made Oldsmobill suddenly stare blankly out into space.
“Yep, my proper name is Matthew Carpenter.”

The regiment rode along a thin trail that wound its way between the forest and the mountains. For such a thin line, they were going quite fast, and each man had a look of grim determination upon their face.
Captain Tim Pestuous led the way, followed closely by the knight in shining karma named Master Bates, with his enormous crimson feather flowing proudly in the wind. Oldsmobill and Matty were close behind, as well as the rest of the contingent known as the Scumbags.
It would have been quite a bit faster to take the main road, but also quite a bit more dangerous, for the bright yellow stripes on the Scumbag’s backs made them stand out like a sore thumb or a large abscess upon one’s forehead. This part of the journey was the easiest part, traveling along the northeast edge of the Allegorian range, but they would soon have to go through the infamous ‘dead man’s pass,’ a particularly rough and dangerous ravine that makes its way between several large mountains. It is very seldom traveled, as few people would ever dare such a dangerous path — only the most desperate or delusional, which pretty much summed up this particular band of horsemen.
Olds hadn’t said much since they started the trip and it was only after Matty handed a canteen of water to him that he finally spoke. “No, thanks,” he quietly muttered, and then asked, “So, Matty, how long were you in Rottweillor?”
“Oh, a few months.” 
“And your brothers, were they recently there as well?”
“Yes!” Matty exclaimed, “They were all in town for archery and watermelon seed-spitting competitions, how did you know that?”
Oldsmobill smiled. “Just a hunch.” 
“They wound up staying longer than expected because of a frog convention which clogged up all the roads.” 
“Yes,” Olds broadly smiled, “I know all about that.” 
As the troop left the safety of Balzac Forest, they came upon a large circular meadow. In the center was a smooth knoll that seemed perfectly symmetrical and rose up out of the ground like the top of a grassy giant’s half-buried noggin. Oldsmobill stared long and emotionless at the landscape. As the troop passed through the meadow, his eyes stayed transfixed upon the knoll. His horse, which he had come to call ‘Patches’ because of the numerous white spots around its front legs, slowed as he was unintentionally pulling on the reins a little. In a matter of moments, the troop had gone ahead and left him standing there staring at the hill, his eyes appeared mesmerized by the mound, and his mind seemed to be a million miles away.

It was actually much closer than that.

He was a young boy standing at the end of a line of several boys that were much the same in both age and stature as he. Wearing a simple leather vest, he stood straight, firm and tall. Thin strands of leather spread out from the shoulders of the vest and dangled upon his upper arms, while several large metal rivets covered the vest’s excessively worn, and frayed surface. Underneath, was a tattered white shirt; its sleeves were ratty and threadbare at the elbows. A thick leather belt encircled his waist and below that was a leather skirt of sorts that reached midway down his thigh. Exposed below the leather kilt was a pair of buckskin jerkins that were creased with many scratches and gouges. His feet were covered in two truly sorry excuses for shoes ― they were just several strips of leather and cloth that had been hurriedly tacked to a pair of thin, hardened-leather soles. They didn’t keep his feet dry, and if he ever had the opportunity to run in them, he was sure that they would fall to pieces within a few strides.
He had a small metal covering on his head that his commanders had sworn to him was a helmet, but he was quite positive that it was nothing more than a metal bowl that someone had attached leather straps to. It had nothing inside to protect his scalp from the heat of the sun, which was now burning down upon it. Large drops of sweat streamed off of his brow and continued downward past his neck, finally pooling along his spine. 
His face was tan, and drawn. His jaw line and cheekbones were rather angular and made him appear a little older than he actually was. His eyes were wide and perceptive, so much so, that when he stared at someone, they sometimes found the intensity of his gaze fairly overwhelming. His eyes were still filled with youthful vigor and wonder, but they also seemed to have an angry and passionate tinge to their appearance. He looked like a boy that perhaps had seen too much of the harshness of life, and not enough of the joys.
He very seldom smiled, in fact, his mouth hardly ever moved at all. It wasn’t that he was frowning all of the time; he just didn’t express too many emotions other than a kind of steady intensity, along with what appeared to be a certain amount of brooding anger that he constantly seemed to be keeping concealed just beneath the surface.
 He saw a horseman ride down the line and shout, “Swords up, lads!” At which point, the entire row of boys unsheathed their small, thin weapons. The young boy on the end looked down at his sword, without making even the slightest of expressions. He glanced down the line and saw the rest of his mates; some looked out upon the field ahead of them and bit their lips, or nervously fiddled with their weapons and armor. Others seemed to be growing impatient, while others seemed to be on the brink of tears.
He, however, felt next to nothing. He looked upon the field and panned across the small hill that stood in the middle of it, beyond was a large line of well-armored men. Their metal hides glistened in the sun and their shields reflected its rays back toward him. He searched their lines as best as he could in the glare, but he did not spy any armored children in their ranks.
It was King Piddy the Fair’s army that he gazed upon, and seeing their numbers, as well as their great armor and weapons glistening in the sun, he began to realize that this might very well be the last day of his life. That thought filled his mind, as he lifted his eyes upward to the sun. He began to accept his possible fate. 
He looked straight into the fiery orb, until the bright light made him close his eyes. He clenched his eyelids and his sight was filled with a red glow. It made his head hurt a little, but he wanted to make sure that he saw the sun on this day, for he feared that he would never see another sun, ever again.
The thoughts of impending death didn’t seem to bother him a great deal, and he didn’t know for sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. He didn’t feel saddened by this belief, or even too worried about it. The only thing that made him angry, that seethed inside his sweating head and steady heart was the knowledge that he might die on this field in the service of a man that he hated more than any in the entire world.
“What a waste,” he muttered to himself, but the boy next to him overheard his words and agreed.
“We w-will make it…right?” The nervous boy asked. He was sullen and pale, and the look of fear filled his eyes. His name was Zeke. “Right, Horace?” he breathlessly asked.
“Yes.” Horace replied, the corner of his mouth lifting ever so slightly, fabricating just a faint hint of a smile, but that was all he could produce. Horace didn’t really believe it, though. 
He looked behind the line now and saw the rest of King Vacuous’ rag-tag army. There were several horsemen behind the infantry, but their armor was just as mismatched and ill fitting as the rest of the force. Behind the cavalry was a large group of men, some were armored, and many were just wearing rags. A few carried swords while others had only spears or long, pointed sticks. Shields were few and far between.
Behind all these soldiers, and saddled upon their majestic steeds near the edge of the forest was King Vacuous and his generals. Horace spied his true enemy and his eyes slightly thinned. There he was, the man that had ruined his life and brought him nothing but misery and pain. He swore to himself that if he ever got the chance, he would kill that horrible excuse for a king. That he would do, no matter what it cost him ― even his own life ― if need be. 
No matter what, he thought, he would see Vacuous dead. 
Soon after attaining power in the city of Pooch, King Vacuous drafted every citizen into his service. Young men were forced into the army; older men and women were sent to the nearby iron mines. The elderly, lame, and young girls were left to toil the fields or take care of the youngest of children, who were by then, almost all orphans.
Young boys below sixteen were forced to join groups affiliated with the king’s army. Some became cooks, or assistants, tailors, flag-holders and squires; some attended to the cavalry’s horses, while others spit-shined the general’s boots or became waiters to Vacuous and his army’s officers. A few, like young Horace Welpstone, were recruited into the Royal Drum Squad.
Life in the drum squad was at least tolerable; during those years there was relative peace, as Vacuous set about building his military. Horace would occasionally march with the ‘Royal Military Jug Band and Drum Corp’, during May Day Parades or other ceremonies. He spent most of his off time within the castle at Pooch, and learned much from the monks that were living there and tending to a small chapel that stood next to the castle’s walls. They were kindly men, and taught Horace how to read and write as well as a little arithmetic and some of the arts of swordsmanship as well. 
Father Adenoid was especially helpful, and often visited the boy’s bunkhouse to read the Bible to them. He was a blotchy-skinned sort of fellow with a very bad ‘bowl’ haircut, but he was quite friendly and outgoing, even though he hadn’t gotten laid in over twenty-five years. Horace questioned him often about life, and God, and how to use a cheese grater. 
Father Adenoid sometimes became quite irritated with Horace’s constant questioning, for the priest took everything quite literal and did not like questioning the creator’s purposes.
“But, I just can’t get past the whole hell and damnation thing,” Horace once asked him, while shredding a large block of mozzarella. The father was busy peeling potatoes and scowled at the young boy. Horace sighed and said, “What I can’t understand is why I should worship something that seems more inhumane than me.”
Father Adenoid stopped his peeling. His jaw dropped, “What ever are you saying, Horace?”
“Well, you have often told us that we are God’s children right?”
“Yes.”
“But who would ever burn their children in a fire for not believing in them? I mean, that would be one truly despicable parent.”
“Hmmpf!” Father Adenoid grunted, “You are given a choice.”
“Not much of a choice.”
Father Adenoid suddenly stood up and waved the potato peeler at Horace. “You ask too many questions of God. You should concentrate on doing his will, not continuously asking him why you exist.”
“Actually, I don’t need him to tell me why I exist.”
“Really?”
Horace bit his lip, suddenly apprehensive to even speak the words that rumbled through his skull. Father Adenoid growled as he sat back down and resumed his chore. Within a couple of seconds, though, he heard the prepubescent voice of his student say:
“I want to know why God exists.”
The father quickly turned and firmly grasped Horace’s collar. He loudly whispered to the student’s stunned face, “Keep your voice down…that’s blasphemy! The church will burn you at the stake if they hear such things from you.”
Horace stared at the front of the little church, his eyes slowly lifted up toward the steeple. “I suppose they have become just like their God,” he muttered to himself, “Or maybe he has become like them.”
Father Adenoid growled again and lightly pinched Horace’s ear, not enough to hurt much, just a warning. “Be careful young one, you have no idea what a thing you are saying. You should keep such words and ponderings to yourself. I don’t wish to hear them, and neither does the church and…” he looked around for a second before making a quick glance upward, “…And neither does God Almighty.”
Horace bowed his head and stared at his hands gripped tightly around the block of cheese and the grater. He would, for now anyway, do as he was told.
Father Adenoid had many such discussions with young Horace, for the boy was rather bright for his years and seemed to question everything the priest tried to teach him. He believed that young Horace thought too much about such things, and seemed plagued by having found so few answers to his many questions. 
After a couple of years, however, it was determined that Horace was old enough to join the army. Which he was immediately forced to do. He was quite saddened by being made to leave the drum squad and the monks, and especially Father Adenoid, who gave the young man a small gift on the day of his departure.
“I found this in a shop in Rome during my sojourn there many years ago, I have worn it for all of this time, but I feel that you may need it now,” He stated to the young lad, who was starting to softly weep. Father Adenoid pulled a small golden chain from within his frock and placed it in Horace’s hand. 
“May it give you comfort in times of trouble,” he kindly whispered, “and Horace…may it help you when you question things a bit too much, which you tend to do quite often.” He laughed after that, and patted the boy lightly on the shoulder.
Horace opened his hand and looked upon the object. Connected to the gold chain was a round pendant that glistened in the sun. He slowly flipped it over, and saw, etched upon its surface were the words: ‘Don’t Worry, Be Happy.’

Near the green hump of Cow-Pie Knoll, Horace suddenly heard the commanders shout as the sound of many trumpets filled the surrounding meadow. He looked up and saw a great horde of soldiers running rapidly towards him and his companions. The phalanx of men, all brandishing great swords and axes and spears, screamed loudly as they approached, but within a hundred yards or so, they suddenly turned to his left and met the main line of Vacuous’ army head-on.
Numerous loud clashes of metal upon metal echoed into the atmosphere of the meadow. Swords slashed the air and shields clanged. Pikes and spears rose upward and were brought down rapidly. Bloodthirsty cries and screams of anguish blended into a loud, shrieking, roar of sound. Horace stood still and watched, transfixed by the sight of the two armies slowly congealing into one horrible mass of flesh and steel.
A commandant on horseback rode behind the line of frightened boys and waved his sword toward the enemy. “Now, charge! Their flank is exposed! Break that line, boys!”
Many did not move, but were quickly urged forward by the snap of the commander’s whip. Half-heartedly, at first, the line of frightened boys gradually began to run in the direction of the opposing force. They started to yell and scream as they neared their opponents. Within seconds, they were all in the thick of the melee. 
Horace looked to his left and saw several of his young companions fall almost instantly; they were no match for the heavily armored warriors of King Piddy’s corps. 
The assault by the Boy Legion upon the enemy flank was futile and ended in total failure. Most of the young men were killed quickly, unable to match the power and skill of a well-trained army of adept and well-armed men. The phalanx of King Piddy’s army burst through Vacuous’ line and soon broke the army’s spirit and defense. A rout soon took place and many of King Vacuous’ soldiers fled the field or were ruthlessly cut down. 
Horace fought bravely that day, but most of the action was just a blur. He never could remember many of the details; only the particular second when he felt a blade penetrate his leather vest and pierce his side. He remembered the intense pain and the shock he felt, but he didn’t remember seeing the face of the soldier that wounded him. 
A thick fog seemed to instantly surround him. The sounds of battle that were once so loud, slowly faded to a low, muffled roar, and echoed deep within his ears. He fell to his knees in anguish. His teeth clenched tightly and he began trying to crawl to safety. He remembered hearing a dull, but constant screaming sound, but it took him a few more minutes to understand that it was his own voice that was producing the intense howls of agony. 
He fell to the ground, even though his legs were still trying to move. They dug gouges into the wet soil and pushed his head forward a few more inches, until a deep cloak of darkness covered him. He then heard only his breath, as it ruffled a few blades of grass next to him. Everything suddenly began to grow silent.
After the battle of Cow-Pie Knoll, Horace’s body was discovered by several squires and young men that were given orders to clear the field of bodies. He was laid on a small stretcher and loaded into a cart with numerous other victims. A short, but rough ride, took him to a makeshift hospital that had been set up near the edge of the meadow.
After a quick bit of inspection and bandaging, he was loaded into another cart. This one took him to a small farmhouse that stood just inside the forest where a few elderly men and women was caring for the wounded. Horace awoke several times during the long trip from the battlefield, but could only manage to stay conscious for a few seconds on each occasion. The pain in his side was overwhelming and his breathing was labored.
A sympathetic male voice broke through the darkness and muttered, “Oh…look, my god, he’s just a boy.”
A woman’s voice then answered, “What kind of despot would send so many young ones to their deaths? Dreadful, it is.”
The man’s voice asked, “Can you hear me boy? Care for some water?”
“Y-yes,” Horace replied faintly. A few drops of the cool liquid covered his lips and after a couple of swallows he drank a little more. 
“Not too much now. Drink it slow,” the woman’s voice said.
“Am I dying?” Horace softly asked.
A warm and soft hand caressed his forehead. He soon heard the woman’s tender voice again. “Your wound is not too deep, and as long as your innards have not been nicked, you might just live. Fear not, my child. Sleep.”
Horace slowly fluttered his eyes open and saw an elderly woman’s face filling his vision. She smiled gently. Deep wrinkles spread from her eyes, continued down her cheeks and met up again around her mouth. Her ovular chin was quite shiny with just a few gray hairs sticking out at the very end. She presented a jug of water to his lips again and whispered. “Now, the Father here is gonna stitch you up. It’s gonna hurt, but the wound must be closed, or the opening will allow more of your essence to mingle with the bad humours of this battlefield.”
A sharp pain shot up from his injury, but was quickly subdued by a cool stream of water. Horace tried to lift his head, but the woman softly eased him back down. Soon, another pain rose from the wound, as the old man in a black frock, covered with splatters of blood, began sewing the gash. 
“Just a few stitches, my boy, and you’ll be back on your feet in no time,” The friar muttered. 
“Yes, yes.” The woman agreed. Looking down a little, she noticed a small sparkle of light upon the child’s chest. “That’s a nice pendant,” the woman whispered. Her soft fingers slowly lifted the shiny object up from Horace’s chest. 
“Don’t worry, be happy,” She slowly pronounced, before gently stroking his forehead with a damp towel. She shushed him and put her lips next to his ear. “Try to take that advice, young one. You will be all right, I’m sure.” 
Horace breathed deep and the darkness soon took him away again.
He awoke several hours later. His eyes gradually focused upon the rough timbers that formed the roof of a large barn. Reaching down, he gingerly felt a lump of oily paste covering his wound. He then lifted his fingers to his nose, which immediately wrinkled with the pungent smell of the salve that had been applied upon his injury.
He heard a chorus of moans and wheezing sounds. Injured men were lying on cots and sitting along the walls of the barn. He spotted the elderly woman that had comforted him earlier as she was attending to a man’s bloody stump of an arm. She carefully unrolled the blackened, blood-drenched bandages while speaking softly to the man.
Horace leaned back on his cot and slowly fingered the little pendant on his chest. He lay there for a couple of hours. Strident waves of pain occasionally shot up from his wound. Finally, he fell asleep again, only to wake up in the middle of the night. The moans in the room were less than before, and looking to his left, he saw that there was a man standing next him. 
The figure was wearing a large burlap cloak, much like a habit, with a rope loosely tied around his waist. He was not as old as the priest that had sewn Horace’s wound earlier. This man appeared strong and resilient. He had a strange twinkle in his eye, as if he was keeping some type of amazing secret to himself. He held a scroll in one hand and reached down and lightly touched Horace’s brow.
“How do you feel, my dear boy?” the stranger whispered.
“The wound…it hurts,” Horace replied through his gritted teeth.
“Yes. I’m sure it does,” the stranger said simply. He then reached inside his cloak and pulled a small jug, and after removing the cork, passed it to Horace’s lips.
“Drink this, it will ease the infection and lighten the pain a little. But, drink it slowly.”
Horace did so, hesitantly at first. It was a bitter elixir, but within a few moments the pain in his side did seem to fade a little.
“Thank you,” Horace said, suddenly starting to feel a little groggy.
“It is all that I can do for you at the present time.”
“What do you mean?”
The man leaned down and removed the hood to his habit. He was totally bald, and his head shined brightly, as if recently waxed. He had no eyebrows either. Horace gazed up at him, noticing that except for a few long, wiry, black follicles that sprouted from the man’s ears, he had no other type of hair upon his smooth skull. 
He smiled at Horace and dabbed his forehead with the sleeve of his habit. “Soon,” he whispered tenderly, “you will know your place in this world.”
“My place?”
“Yes, young Horace Welpstone, we all have a part to play, and something wonderful to achieve. The great mystery of life is trying to figure out what it is we are destined to do. We all have a special mission, my child, and yours is as important as any.”
Horace’s eyes began to close. He was going to say something, but he forgot what it was, so he just answered: ‘Huh?’ instead.
The old man laughed and looked round before smiling again at Horace. “Before you fall asleep, listen to this and hopefully be comforted by it.”
Horace nodded his head slowly, his eyelids nearly closed. “Y-ya…” he mumbled.
“We have been watching, and we will always be with you. Remember that…in times of despair and gloom. I have made arrangements so that you may come under the tutelage of one of my apprentices. There are many great things in store for you, and one day…”
Horace began snoring.
The old man smiled and slowly rose. He covered his face with the cloak and began to walk outside the barn and toward the nearby forest, but before he ever reached the shadows of the trees, he slowly vanished into the damp air of the meadow.
Horace spent a week inside the farmhouse. He saw many men die inside the rugged confines of the building, as well as a few leave alive. He never saw any of the other boys that were in his troop. He often wondered what happened to them all, but feared the worst. 
He was eventually well enough to be released from the small hospital and into King Piddy the Fair’s custody. Horace was loaded into a wagon one day, and driven to Dripplesburg. His wound seemed to have healed nicely, with no sign of infection. It still pained him much, especially during the bumpy ride to King Piddy’s castle, but it never hurt as bad as it did before the mysterious stranger gave him the bitter elixir.
Within a few hours the wagon neared the castle at Dripplesburg, and as Horace looked upon the majestic walls that surrounded the fortress of King Piddy the Fair, he saw a line of heads stuck upon several spears just outside the main gate. One such spear held the decapitated head of King Vacuous. 
Horace sat up in the wagon and stared intently at the darkened, and decomposing head. A tarnished and muddy crown sat crooked upon the leathery skull, while below the disgusting monument was a small wooden sign that dangled in the wind. On it was written, ‘Behold! King Vacuous: Tyrant, Traitor, and Slave Master!’
Horace gazed upon the monument until the wagon entered the gates and the object disappeared from his sight. He slowly rubbed the wound in his side and for the first time in quite a few months, he began to smile.

Oldsmobill heard Matty’s voice and was suddenly brought back from the past. He looked upon the stout, little kleptomaniac and grinned. 
“Sorry…just…this place brought back a few memories,” Olds said as he gave his reins a light snap. He trotted up to Matty, who was looking at the hill.
“You were here, weren’t you…at the Battle of Cow-Pie Knoll?” he asked lightly, scratching the top of his green cap.
Olds looked back at the grassy mound and nodded ‘yes.’ He began to trot past Matty and added, “Seems like a lifetime ago.”
“Yea…I guess, in a way…it was.”
“Ya,” he answered, more than a little surprised at how Matty had a way of seeing things exactly as they were. “You are absolutely right. I was just a boy then, and now I have finally returned...quite a different person.”
“Were you injured?”
Olds instinctively felt the place of the old wound, just below his rib cage. “Ya, but luckily I lived through it.”
“You were in King Vacuous’ army, weren’t you?” 
“Not by my choice. When I saw his head mounted on a spear outside Dripplesburg, it was the happiest day of my life.” Oldsmobill smiled, but his lips soon pursed and he sighed. “My only sorrow was that I didn’t witness his death firsthand.”
“Deep wounds heal slowly, Olds.” Matty replied, nodding his head. “And tend to leave nasty scars.”
Olds suddenly smiled again at his leathery friend and gave him a light slap upon the shoulder. “That they do…” he whispered, “That they do.”

Before long they caught up with the rest of the men, and leisurely made their way to the front of the line. After about an hour, they passed through a thin patch of woodland and were soon in a hilly meadow that slowly led to a mountainous range to the south. 
Oldsmobill leaned up a little in his saddle and stared at the nearing landscape. Matty did as well, for up ahead were the large cliffs of Abigail Mountain. Directly in front of the riders was a line of trees, and rising just above the trees was the top of a thin crevice that cut through the mountainous barrier.
“Dead man’s pass,” Matty said plainly, disguising his distress.
“Never thought I’d be going through there,” Olds replied.
“It’ll be single file from here on out.” 
“Let’s just hope that we can get through, otherwise we’ve wasted a lot of time coming this way.” Olds sat back down in his saddle and checked his straps and cargo ties. He patted his horse lightly as the riders began to slow down in front of the pass.
“Stay tight men!” Tim cried out, “And watch your footing along the upper trail.”
Master Bates turned in his saddle and eyed a concerned look at both Olds and Matty, but they didn’t recognize it through the thin slits of his helmet. They both smiled at him and waved, which he thought was a rather odd reaction.
Captain Tim led the way, and all followed, until the darkness of the pass enveloped them.

*****

He stared at the old king’s face. It was frozen and empty. He slowly lifted a bed sheet until Hector’s body gradually rolled over like that of a corpse. The king’s face became buried in a pillow, his arms dangling lifelessly to his side.
Algebra grasped a few locks of gray hair and slowly pulled Hector’s face out of the pillow and pushed his body over to the side of the bed. The sheets were soiled and wreaked horribly, but the manservant had lost all sense of smell long ago.
A tall, thin woman unhurriedly walked over to him. She held a bowl of water in her hands and several towels draped over her shoulder. Large dark circles surrounded her vacant eyes, which seemed lost in some distant thought or memory. Her hair and dress were unkempt and had not been washed in days. She kept breathing through her mouth and producing a loud wheezing sound. 
Algebra began collecting the sheets and tossing them in a pile by the door. He next began the task of washing King Hector’s unresponsive body. The woman just stood next to him and looked on as if totally unaware of what was happening.
“Your son is arriving soon, m’lord.” Algebra whispered as he worked. “You must look nice for him, no?”
The woman giggled and began to drool uncontrollably.
The pockmarked weasel then undressed the king and wiped his body with a damp cloth. He left the king’s naked figure lying on the bed while he slowly walked over to a cabinet and pulled several sheets and bedclothes out. The woman glanced over for a second at the unmoving nude form on the bed, but only sniffled in response. Algebra handed the sheets to the woman who looked upon them as if they were from a distant galaxy. Meanwhile, he put a new, long, white night shirt over Hector’s still body, and began tucking the sheets under and over him.
He stood next to the king and started to laugh — it was a thin, coarse laugh that grew louder and louder until it abruptly ended in a cough, and a few splatters of orange saliva on the sheets — which he immediately soaked with dabs from a wet towel.
He readjusted the king’s body back up to a sitting position, and propped his head against a pillow.
“Oh, m’lord, do not look so sad, for your kingdom is in good hands.” He laughed again, and then lay down next to him and stroked the hair out of the old man’s void and watery eyes.
“You are not dead…only hibernating, m’lord…in a little cocoon that I have skillfully spun…just for you.”
Algebra grinned like a mortician before rolling over on his back and raising his arms to the woman, who slowly lifted her head and looked upon him with her dull, lifeless eyes. Algebra smiled and slightly hissed, as she gradually crawled on top of him.

*****

The Three riders galloped perilously through the dark woods. Across fallen trees and stumps and over small streams, they rapidly wound their way through the maze. Passing branches scratched at their faces and arms, and the thick undergrowth left tiny trails of green on their clothes and boots. Their horses snorted loudly in protest, but still they galloped. 
The figure leading the trio was dressed all in black, his hood up to protect his head from the many obstacles that tried to slow him. He drove his horse to the left and to the right with powerful tugs on the reins as he scanned ahead to see which direction to go next.
The rider behind him followed as closely as she could, but often dropped back as her horse slowed slightly, but only temporarily, before she found a clear path again. Around she went, through thickets and rows of saplings, sometimes nearly parallel to the dark leader, before abruptly cutting back and once more following his lead.
The third member of the group was always, it seemed, a few horse- lengths behind, he shouted commands and spurred his horse to go faster, but he often found himself in hopeless situations — a large trunk suddenly blocking his path or finding himself in an impassable stretch of thick underbrush. He pulled upon his steed’s reins and often had to double back, causing him to shout louder as he tried to command his horse to go even faster, always trying his best to catch up with the other two, but never quite succeeding.
Suddenly the forest gave way, and the dark rider known as Pitch burst into a large meadow. He cried out, “Harh!” and slapped his horse’s hindquarters, which caused the stallion to dig its hoofs deep into the damp soil and bolt across the grass.
Soon, the second rider followed, and seemed to relax a little in the saddle as she gave her stallion a slight kick. Delores licked her lips and tasted a small spot of blood from a wayward branch that had nicked the corner of her mouth earlier. She wiped her lips on her sleeve and stared ahead at Pitch who was heading for a small deer trail at the entrance of the next group of trees.
Behind them was Harv, who upon seeing the meadow at last, breathed a deep sigh of relief. He grunted loudly and slapped his mount with a small curl of the reins above his hands, which caused his horse to respond immediately. Harv had a small cut above each cheek and he felt each wound burn slightly when his sweat passed over them. He lifted his head a little and let the breeze pull his hood down. He faintly smiled as he felt the cool air pass across his face and through his damp, dark hair.
The horses in front of him seemed faster than his and he could never quite match their speed. He looked ahead and saw Pitch disappear into the forest, and then his wife, who looked back at him briefly, before being covered by the shadows.
She had that determined look upon her face that usually meant someone was in big trouble. Harv knew that look well, because there were times when that someone was him. 
Yesterday morning, she had that look. It had suddenly appeared on her face as she walked out of the inn where their son and her mother were staying. Only moments before, she looked as if she was the happiest person in the world, watching her son eat, playing a game with him, and hugging him quite a lot. Then, when it was time to leave, she turned and that look of deep resolve covered her face, as if it was always hiding there, just below the surface.
That expression was nowhere to be seen the night before. She seemed to cry all night long, and Harv did everything he could to comfort her, but it wasn’t just the fear or regret that brought the tears, it was the uncertainty of the future and the horrible possibility that she might lose everything that was important in her life. They had not argued about it. They had talked about it, and though both were quite emotional about the decision, they tried their best to stay as rational as possible. They went over every possibility, every outcome and had, within just a couple of hours, decided on running away and heading south to Italy or Greece, or maybe even head southeast and eventually to Constantinople. That was the plan, but then, they discussed it further, and they wondered to one another, what if Pitch was right, what if Gravy just sent someone else?
What if in a year from now, or maybe two, five, or ten years from now, a dark figure knocked upon their door? And even if they defeated him like they had defeated Slack, what then? Continue running? Pack everything they could fit into a cart, or on a horse and keep moving, always looking back, but never knowing what the next person sent to kill them would look like? It was at that point that they changed their minds and decided to follow Pitch.
“We can’t allow a beast like Acklander to be governor,” Harv said, “Look what he’s already done. Look at how he treated Garlo’s father…that poor old man never did any thing to anybody. He used to come by the shop every Thursday to sell those straw coasters he’d made. He’s a gentle soul. How could Gravy lock him up like a wild animal?”  
“Our destiny is not in our hands, Harv,” Delores solemnly whispered, “But, we do have a chance to take control of it, once again. We can continue to run and change our surroundings, or we can stay, and change the conditions that made it necessary for us to leave in the first place.” 
Harv held his wife in his arms and whispered, “The people of Fouldune, the good ones, those that looked up to us, our friends, they need us to do this.”

Looking ahead, Harv caught a glimpse of Garlo winding along the trail, which was very thin — just a small path where deer pass through the woods — but it was easier than the previous forest, where no such trail existed. A branch smacked against his arm and he pulled his hood up once more and stared at his wife galloping ahead of him. She was sitting low in the saddle, her head just to the side of her horse’s mane, most of her weight on the stirrups, with her rear only slightly touching the leather seat.
Onward they drove their steeds, through forests thick and lean, across meadows and glades, through streams and marshes. Onward the three riders pressed, until their horses produced large puffs of slathered sweat around their reins, until they grew too tired to gallop at top speed anymore, until the three riders slowed in the coolness of the twilight air and made a small campfire deep within the northern woods outside of Carbuckle.
“We rest a little, and after it’s good and dark we can take the road,” Garlo said. “I’m going to lead these horses to water, and see whether or not I can make them drink.” He began to slowly walk the animals through the darkness of the trees and down a slight incline. Harv laid a stack of wood next to the fire and threw a couple boughs into the flames.
Delores sat against a tree and slowly drank from a leather canteen of water. “We should be close by sun up,” she said, still breathing a little heavy.
“Yes.” Harv replied. 
Delores got up and pulled a small pouch from her saddlebag. She next pulled out a pot and walked toward the fire and her husband. She kneeled down next to him and kissed him when he looked over at her.
“We can do this, right?” she asked. The look of determination was gone, replaced by exhaustion, with a just slight hint of apprehension.
“We can. We must.” He kissed her again and poured some water into the pot. He added a small pouch of herbal tea to the liquid.
Delores began biting her lip. She nervously pondered aloud, “What if they’re not at Lunge’s farm?” 
“How many times are you going to ask that?” Harv fretfully smiled and began softly rubbing her shoulder.
“Well, I just…” She closed her eyes.
Harv watched as the look of resolve slowly returned her face. She pursed her lips, slowly lifted her chin and opened her eyes again, but now there was a steely look in them. 
“Acklander will pay for what he’s made us do, Harv,” she sneered. “So, help me, I’ll pay Pitch, or any other assassin, if I have too, but he is going to pay for this.”
Harv put his arms around her and she slowly softened in his embrace.
“That is what we are doing,” Harv whispered, “By helping Garlo, we are, in effect, buying his services.” 
He leaned over and began to stir the pot of tea and watched as the clear liquid took on a greenish-brown hue. Delores looked on. She softly massaged his shoulder.
Harv glanced over and smiled gently, “And then, Acklander will get what he has deserved for quite some time.”




Chapter Eighteen: Double-Crossed and Triple-Hexed


Viceroy Herbert Jefferson was a tall, impressive figure. His head was shaped like a large square with slightly curved, fleshy corners. His hair accentuated these features with a nicely crafted pompadour that sent waves of follicles back along the top corners; resembling dark swells exiting a craggy, rocky cove. Usually he wore a bright red beret, which covered the tumultuous riptides of his cranial locks in much the same way a large, red lid covers a pot of boiling water, but on this occasion, with Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow in attendance, he had dutifully removed his flashy covering, and allowed the turbulent, black surfs to flow freely from the wrinkled beachhead of his upper brow to the rippled folds of skin on his leathery neck. 
His nose however, was a totally different matter. It somewhat resembled an immense, veined button, that a child may have stuck on the front of his skull, having mistaken it for a ‘Mister Potato Head’.  
His eyes were squinted and small and somehow peeped out beneath the numerous crow’s feet and carpetbags of flesh ― which appeared to hold onto his skull by sheer strength of will. His brow was prominent, and cut across his forehead much like the Rocky Mountains cut across western North America. It was not known if California lay on the other side of that expanse, but certainly his brain was in there somewhere, and it was probably as full of strange and mottled residents as could ever be populated by even the Golden State.
Overall he cast an imposing figure to most who eyed him, for he was quite stout and usually scowling. However, he did not look quite so impressive after Vespius threw a glass of wine at him. 
The viceroy moved awkwardly in trying to avoid the missile, and it caught his shoulder and splashed all over his colorful jacket, splattering violet stains upon his crisp, white pants. The rest crashed against a wall behind him. 
He looked up at Vespius who was pounding a desk and screaming at the top of his lungs. “Why is it that every time I return here to Rotweillor, I’m welcomed back by being told that one of you morons has made some type of…moronic…decision? Huh? Now, will someone explain to me why that governor wants to annihilate a group of people that aren’t even on the map?!” 
The prince ferociously bounded over to a large, detailed geographical survey that covered the wall. He pounded his fist against a particular area that had ‘Mount Moo’ written upon it.
“Where is this mysterious Timbrook?” Vespius called out.
“Sir,” the Viceroy stammered, “It is not a recognized town, it’s…”
“Then why the hell are we sending a hundred of my best men there?”
“Sir, there seems to be some type of a rebellion or…”
“Rebellion?” Vespius screamed. He looked around the room with an expression of bewilderment upon his face. He gazed upon General Reaver’s garish mug, who was standing near the desk, but found no answers in his stoically, grim visage. Next to the General was Secretary Narlog; looking a bit pale from the medication he had started taking after his recent stay in Fouldune. He sniffled lightly, and was unable to concentrate properly with the small burning sensation he constantly felt in and around his private parts.
The viceroy just stood and looked frightened. Vespius, not hearing any answers, pointed to the map again and asked, “How could these few people, isolated from everything and everyone, start a rebellion? Idiot! Just blockade the town and starve the little mud-rats into submission!”
“Sir, Sergeant Woolsely is one of our best commanders, and he and his men were personally assaulted…” the viceroy tried one more time, but obviously Vespius was not going to let him finish a single sentence on this day.
“I don’t care!” he loudly interrupted. He next bounded over to Narlog and yelled: “What do you know of this?”
Narlog winced and wanted desperately to scratch his crotch, but dared not in front of Vespius — who in this particular mood — just might kill him for such insolence.
“When I was in Fouldune, the Governor requested of both Sergeant Woolsely and I, to send a contingent of the Royal Guard to Timbrook. It seems a couple of his men were accosted there while searching for some suspects in a local murder.” Narlog gritted his teeth, a sharp pain in his groin produced a small wince upon his face, which he tried his best to hide.
Vespius gazed at him with a look of suspicious puzzlement. “…And?” was all he spat out.
“We explained the proper procedures, as well as…”
“Obviously, not well enough, and this Sergeant Woolsely character must have been talked into this debacle!”
“Sir,” Viceroy Jefferson muttered, while slowly walking behind Vespius. He lifted a document off the desktop and presented it to the crown prince. “Sgt. Woolsely gave a detailed description of the incidents upon his march into Timbrook…”
Let me see that!” Vespius snapped, grabbing the document out of the viceroy’s hand. His eyes scanned the page and he spoke a few words that jumped out at him.
“…Numerous clods of mud and dirt and tufts of grass…chicken bones…hog feces…a shower of foul liquid…empty Vienna sausage cans?”
Vespius held the paper out, slowly nodding his head. His mouth was agape, but his voice never made it out of his throat.
The viceroy softly stammered, “He followed all the prescribed regulations and even…” Vespius quickly interrupted him by bouncing the wadded document off of his angular head.
“Viceroy, these people don’t even have weapons! The closest thing they have to proper armaments is a catapult full of hog manure! And you allowed a hundred of my men…the finest, most well trained, and extensively equipped men in this entire region…to go and fight a bunch of ditch-dwellers! You allowed my personal army to leave the capital city so that they may face a group of people whose idea of military tactics is to douse someone with stale urine and pig entrails!” 
Vespius finished by loudly screaming and throwing his hands in the air.
“Sir, they should have no problem squelching this rebellious…” The viceroy attempted, but was quickly silenced when Vespius pounded his hands against the desk and yelled:
“Shut the hell up!”
The room grew very quiet, with only the slight ruffle of Narlog’s pants, as he slowly reached into his pocket and adjusted his burning package a little.
“Viceroy,” Vespius sneered, “You are personally going to Fouldune to retrieve my troops. Send a rider immediately to tell that fat piece of crap governor…that he is to cease all conflict with the residents of Timbrook.” He slowly turned and stared at the viceroy with a look that would have surely frightened vultures off a rotting carcass.
“My men are to be returned to me unscathed and ready to continue their training, we are preparing ourselves for a much larger conflict…” his voice slowly lowered almost to a whisper.
“…I do not have time to waste my soldiers on a bunch of poor peasants living inside a bowl of mud and filth, do you understand Viceroy Jefferson?”
“Yes. Prince Vespius,” he answered meekly, obviously shaken.
“Good, then go get my men, or I’ll send you, and this…governor… into Timbrook by yourselves and let them deal with you personally.”
Vespius stared intensely into the viceroy’s eyes and could almost taste the fear that emanated from him. “Dismissed,” he softly spoke, at which point Viceroy Jefferson slightly nodded, but avoided Vespius’ gaze, and promptly left the room.
The prince watched as he left and then turned to Narlog, who he nearly caught scratching himself. He raised an eyebrow as the secretary quickly straightened his stance.
“Narlog?” he asked.
“Yes, m’lord?”
“It would appear that I need a new governor for the Fouldune region…send me a list of possible candidates and recommendations.”
“Yes, m’lord.”
“Thank you. You may now leave.” 
Narlog bowed and walked through the large wooden door, shaking his left leg a bit with each step.
The crown prince sighed and sat down in the large chair behind the desk, while General Reaver poured a couple glasses of wine.
“Have you ever heard of this Timbrook?” General Reaver asked while handing Vespius a glass.
“No.” the Prince huffed, but looking to the map, said, “Well, maybe, it does seem like I have heard the name, maybe in Bishop Lamprey’s writings…but hell, I didn’t know where it was.” He laughed a little and sipped the glass of wine.
“Sir, it appears that Oldsmobill has somehow sneaked out of the castle and is nowhere to be found.” General Reaver declared straightforwardly.
Vespius frowned. “Hmm…perhaps he realized he was being watched.”
“Perhaps.”
“Maybe I should have had him killed when I had the chance.”
“He may have gone to warn those…witches.”
“Perhaps,” Vespius answered, “I doubt that it’ll make much difference in a month or so. After meeting him, I don’t think he’s quite the threat I had thought he was from Lamprey’s writings.”
General Reaver deliberately walked over to the map on the wall and sipped from the wine glass.
“Like you said sir, probably won’t make much difference in a month or so, anyway.” 
“I have come to believe that…possibly…in a year or two, he may lead some type of rebellion in Allegoria, that is what I derived from the writings, but I don’t see him as a real threat to our immediate plans.” Vespius exhaled loudly.
General Reaver smiled as he looked upon the map. “Nothing can stop us now, sir.”
They both looked at each other and made a small toast with their glasses, smiling broadly.
“Speaking of which,” Vespius sighed, “I have received word that the war wagon is nearing completion.”
“Perfect timing.” 
“Yes, so it would seem. I need you to retrieve it and bring it here.”
“The sanctuary is finished?”
“Yes, though the barracks still needs some work, it should be very close to being finished by the time you return with my little prize.”
“When should I leave, m’lord?”
“Within the week. Take the remainder of the Royal Guard with you…not my personal contingent, of course…but, well, how many is that?’
“Seventy or so…”
“Should be plenty. Governor Carlyle Cornswallow will be providing the horses and a few additional men to help move the monstrosity. Your mission is to accompany it on its journey here. The wall behind the castle is nearly finished, and once the ramp at Walder is complete, we will begin amassing our armies here.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Keep it covered and wait until nightfall to enter the city.”
“As you wish, sir.”
“A month from now, Edward, I shall be married, and crowned King of Valdorlok, and we shall bring all of our forces to that city…and soon after that…well, the rest will be history.” Vespius sat his goblet down upon the top of the desk and clasped his hands behind his back. He stared at the intricate rug covering the stone floor of the room for a second or two before raising his chin high. “I have another favor I must ask of you, Edward.”
“Anything, m’lord.” The commander’s head clicked a couple of tics to the left as his eyes squinted slightly.
Vespius sighed. The exhale exited out of the corner of his mouth, while he rolled his tongue along his bicuspids. “I believe that my need for Bishop Lamprey has ended. His writings are becoming even more and more indecipherable.”
General Reaver straightened himself. His forehead creased and his jaw tightened. “Yes?”
Vespius turned and looked upon him briefly, before looking into the glass of wine. “He has…become dangerous.”
“How so?’
“By his presence here, for one. It is he that ties me to the massacre on Gagglehorn Mountain, and the death of Master Beluga. I was able to risk that for the information he was at one time providing me, but lately, well, there’s not much more he can do for me.” Vespius opened a small pouch lying upon his desk and began perusing the scrawled text that covered the parchment on both sides. He held it up to General Reaver who stepped toward the document, squinting in an attempt to read it.
“Have a look, old friend, and tell me what you think.”
The stern-faced general peered upon the paper and began to slowly mutter the words that he could make out.

“A large pink pig floated above a building that was great and monstrous and had four large columns rising from its corners. Colorful boxes lined the shelves and a man was pushing a small cart made of numerous shiny metal wires. The cart had small black wheels and was loaded with more boxes…and what appeared to be meat wrapped in a clear, shiny wrap. It glistened in the light given off by small rectangles in the ceiling. 
“I saw a huge explosion and the sky was filled with fire and smoke, and from within the billowing clouds arose a star that reached toward the heavens. The top of the star had a large cylindrical object. It had a long tail of fire and sparks and smoke and it flew straight up. Higher and higher it went, until it was but a blur in the blue of the sky. 
“I heard them say, ‘Call now! Operators are standing by, and the first two hundred callers get this special assortment of decorative corncob holders. Hurry! While supplies last…” 

General Reaver frowned at the document, “I see what you mean, sir.”
“Edward, will you take care of this matter for me, before you leave?”
“Of course, sir.”
“There are a couple of guards down there, and well…no sense taking any chances at this point, right?”
“As you wish, m’lord.”
Vespius put his hand upon General Reaver’s shoulder and softly thanked him. “You have sacrificed much for me, Edward. I appreciate your service, and your friendship.”
“It is my honor, sir.   

*****

Dark monstrous clouds began invading the sky above the mountainous terrain, announcing their arrival with rumbling roars of rolling thunder and bright streaks of lightning. The earth grew quiet, as every manner of life scurried to find shelter from the rapidly advancing storm. Trudging through this darkened silence, however, was a group of creatures that appeared to be either too dumb to come in out of the rain, or perhaps on a very urgent mission ― maybe, in all actuality, it was a little bit of both.
The long line of riders plodded through the dark corridor of stone as a cold rain began falling through the opening high above them. The passage was enveloped in almost total darkness, lit only by the intermittent flash of lightning. The horses stirred with apprehension. Their hoofs splashed in the shallow stream that cut its way through the gorge. Droplets of mud and water splashed all around their fetlocks.
Oldsmobill patted his horse’s neck and stared apprehensively at the winding path ahead. The voices of the Scumbags echoed inside the narrow gorge, as they continually argued of things that he had no comprehension about. Often times, they seemed to be speaking in a language that was totally foreign to him.
“Oh, this is quite a dreadful journey,” one of them said, “I hope there’s a bindstone nearby, ‘cause I sure don’t wanna have to come back through here again.” A few nervous laughs bounced back and forth inside the confining space, before other voices soon joined the cacophony.
“Well, if I’s gets killed, I’m gonna re-roll as a scout.”
“Lol! A scout? Are you insane?”
“I like the idea of being stealthy and using a bow.”
“You must like the idea of dying!”
“Lol!”
“Rofl!”
“All you can do is snipe and kite, and your only weapon besides the bow is a pitiful dagger…your damage output is not enough to kill even a solo caster. That profession is totally gimped! Imho!”
“Better to be a crossbow Paladin!”
“Lol!”
“Brb guys…I’m going to the bathroom. I’m stuck to SteelyStan.”
“Okay, but SteelyStan is stuck to HumptyHump.”
“Yea, and I think HumptyHump is lagging bad.”
“Anyone know a good guild. I’m quitting mine. I don’t like our banner.”
“Flames of Maraschino!”
“Lmao! Oh, god! They suck!”
“Lol!”
“Lol”
“Yea! I was once a member, it’s like six guys and they never let newbies group with them.”
“They’re gonna power-level me up to 40!”
“Woot!”
“Oh, yes! Major wootage!”
“Sure, but they keep all the gold and drops.”
“They have that one necromancer, what’s his face?”
“ComfortablyDumb.”
“Yea, with a bot, he can power-level ya up to level 40 in like, five hours!”
“I hate bots!”
“They only do eight-man’s though, and they never let lowbies join.”
“Geez! I dispise Gank Groups! They ruin everything!”
“I knew this one guy, he had like four accounts…and bots out the bung-hole! He was such a freakin’ loser!”
“Lol!”
“Oh, have you seen those plat-farmers in Gilmore’s Temple?”
“Yea…creepy!”
“That’s really just one guy in China running four accounts on four coms…crazy!”
“Major moolah tho.”
“What about that one guild? The one with the big poodle on their emblem?”
“Shades of Chuck Norris?”
“Aye!”
“Great at P-v-P, but not much fun for quests or anything, a guildee of mine said he asked for help in doing his ‘Amontillado Quest,’ and they, like, totally ignored him!”
“OMG! I’ve got to spend more time farming, I’m so super broke!”
“Anybody got ‘Hadrian’s Helm’?”
“Lol! 
“You can get a crafter to make you a better helm than that!”
“Anybody got some gold I can have?”
“No! Get lost!”
“Lol!”
“Go kill something if you want gold.”
“C’mon, can’t one of ya’s spare a few gold?”
“Ack! That’s it! I’m going ‘anon’…”
“I agree! Stop all that begging spam. It’s just annoying!”
“Lol”
“Rofl!”
“Is this a role-playing server?”
“Oh, yes, most definitely!”
“Lol”
“Lmfao!”

Oldsmobill looked back at Matty, who was busy chewing on a leftover sausage from the morning’s breakfast. The husky fellow looked up and smiled. Olds returned the smile and twisted back around. He tightened his hood against his face. The rain was really starting to come down, and the voices of the Scumbags slowly faded away amid the downpour. Water streamed down the sides of the walls, and issued off the high cliff edges above. Every few feet, a large shower of water would inundate the riders, causing them to bow their heads and grimace under the chilly onslaught.
Olds pulled the saturated hood of his cloak close to his eyes. He squinted and saw that Master Bates’ feather had gone totally limp. The rain mercilessly pelted his shiny armor and sounded like small bits of gravel with each impact. Finally, the wizard took off his helmet and tied it to a strap on his saddle. 
“Better to have a wet head”, he said rather loudly, “then having a dry one inside a reverberating bucket.” His ears still rang from the many ‘pings’ and ‘plunks’ that had been echoing inside the metal canister.
The water at their feet began to rise slightly, reaching over the horse’s hoofs, and the current seemed to be growing faster as well, fueled by the relentless storm. As they started to climb a rocky incline, the small stream flowed upon the rocky trail with more force and caused their equine’s hoofs to slip upon the slick rocks. 
It was still almost totally dark, but more of the sky was becoming visible. The trail leveled out a little, and the depth of the stream increased. Olds heard a loud thunderclap and quickly looked to the front of the line, but it was just Master Bates, performing a little magic. The wizard slowly raised the bright red umbrella he had just made materialize — opening it wide above his soggy scalp.
After a few hundred feet of slow progress through the dark pool, they began climbing again; this time up a little steeper section of the rock slope. They continued upward until the rock walls gave way to large, sinister roots and fallen limbs. Waterlogged shrubs drooped under the weight of the rain. Dark vines and tree limbs formed grotesque and anguished shapes around them. 
For the first time since they had entered the pass, Oldsmobill finally saw a section of the sky again, and it was an ugly, ominous sight. Dark gray billowing masses rolled across the atmosphere and were passed under by smaller, blacker clouds. Lightning flashed high inside the plumes. Thunder rumbled and occasionally crackled loudly, making the men and horses alike briefly shudder with each distressing clash. The beleaguered troop slowly made their way through a muddy ravine inside a deep forest. Roots sprung out of the small earthen walls like gnarly fingers reaching out towards them.
A great gust of wind suddenly bombarded the tops of the trees and soon after battered the riders. Olds saw his master’s umbrella suddenly take off into the darkness. The wizard shook his fist at the runaway umbrella and cursed, which apparently caused several pea-sized hailstones to fall upon the entire troop, though it may have just been a coincidence.
Through the storm they continued, miles passed under their hoofs, and for an entire day and most of the night, the men and horses trudged on. They ate trail mix, leftovers and c-rations upon their saddles. They slept only while resting their horses. With each hour that passed they seem to slump more and more, and their horses did the same. 
The rain would periodically lessen, but continued throughout the night and into the early morning.  The night turned into dawn, and then into morning, and then afternoon, but the sky remained dark and ominous throughout. 
They journeyed up from the gorge and the muddy ravine until the forest upon the left gave way to a steep slope, and they left the streambed they were following, and moved upward upon a thin trail. The slope upon their left eventually turned into a large cliff, and beyond its edge was a misty valley, far, far below. Streams of water poured down out of the forest, crossed the rider’s path, and continued downward off the precipice. The mud trail was soft and slick. The men slowed their beasts to as slow a pace as possible. One misstep ― one hoof placed too close to the edge, and both it and its rider would hopelessly plummet to their deaths. 
Captain Tim led the crew up the right bank a few yards, and just into the line of trees to try and avoid a calamity, but this made the going even more slow, for the forest undergrowth was thick and wet, and the dead leaves, and vines, and fallen branches, seemed to trip up the horses and they neighed and snorted in rebellion.
Olds suddenly heard a loud cry from behind and quickly turned to see a horse and rider slide out of the thickness of the trees and bramble, and onto the muddy path. The rider fell off and flopped around in the mud and rain and was nearly carried over the edge by a fast stream of water flowing out of the woods. His hands moved frantically in the air before they found and grasped a large black root that jutted out from the cliff’s edge. Numerous cries were heard as several men hastily dismounted their horses and made their way to their fallen comrade. Olds jumped off his horse and ran back towards the commotion, while Matty, Master Bates, and Captain Tim, quickly followed.
The mud beneath the man gave way and a large chunk of the cliff slid into the abyss. The man tried pulling his elbow over the root, but the torrent of water made him slip to just a handhold.
The fallen horse, desperately tried to get up, but each frantic movement only brought it down again into the mud. Several men near the creature tried to comfort it, and attempted to grab hold of its reins, but it rolled upon its back, and a large splash of tan mud rose up and splattered the men. Then the horse ― its eyes wide with fear, its mouth opened wide and producing the most frightening of sounds ― moved its left leg outward to get a foothold, but the only thing below it was empty air. Within a second it was gone.
The men who had been near the horse suddenly stood perfectly still, with stunned looks upon their mud-covered faces, they quickly gathered their wits, and moved over to the others that had already amassed in front of their distressed colleague.
His name was CopperHead, and he was still grasping the root, but his strength was beginning to fail. His feet kicked at the side of the cliff, but with every kick, the mud on the edge simply washed away from under him. His face was covered with fear and he screamed as much as he could, but the water streaming off the trail stifled his sounds. Oldsmobill held his hand out to Matty, who quickly took a firm hold of it as Olds then leaned over to try and grab the stricken man’s sleeve. Several others grabbed Olds, and Master Bates grabbed the hood of Matty’s cloak. To the left was another group trying to reach him. The air was filled with urgent cries and the gargled screams of the frightened Scumbag. 
The water poured across Copperhead’s face and he closed his eyes. His mouth was inundated with the cold mixture of water and mud, and when the torrent slacked a little, he started to cough. He tried to take a huge breath, but the stream intensified again and cascaded across his face. He gasped as he desperately tried to get air into his lungs. He continued to cough, as Old’s fingers slowly moved around the cuff of his leather shirt. He dug his thumb underneath the material just as the man’s arm suddenly fell away from him.
Copperhead didn’t scream or yell during the fall; he didn’t have any breath left to do so. He slowly disappeared into the rain and the dark gray fog below.
There was a loud clash of thunder and a flash of light. Then there was nothing but silence. All the sounds, except for the rain, suddenly vanished, and all that was left was a collection of men with stunned looks upon their faces, slowly leaning back upon one another in the mud and the rain. They were frozen. Their arms extended in exaggerated poses, their faces covered in anguish and fear and horror ― as they desperately reached out for someone that was no longer there. 
Tim stared in dismay at the black root and the empty space now around it. He then bowed his head and slowly began walking back to his horse. 
Finally, a voice broke through the silence, it was the gravelly voice of Wreznor that said: “Peace be with you, Copperhead.” He made a sign of the cross upon his chest and slowly trudged up the bank. 
The others formed the sign as well and bowed their heads for a few brief seconds, before turning toward the line of trees. Captain Tim’s voice could then be heard: “We walk the rest of the way!” 
Once Oldsmobill was upon his feet and a few yards away from the muddy brink, he glanced over to his right and saw his master. The Batesman had stepped near the edge of the cliff and gazed intently into the dark abyss below. He suddenly turned to Olds and closed his eyes. “I-I tried…” he said. He raised an eyebrow and looked back down below the cliff and into the seemingly bottomless expanse of mist.
“We all did what we could,” Olds replied, slowly walking up to him.  
The wizard turned and quickly grasped Olds by the shoulders. His face was filled with regret and sadness, but he looked directly into his apprentice’s eyes and spoke in a firm and commanding voice, “Oldsmobill, there are perilous times ahead, days of hardship and death…but…you must remain strong.”
Oldsmobill’s brow wrinkled slightly with confusion. “Yes, sir, I know this…”
“No, listen…” the Batesman’s face grew more serious, his voice lowered to a whisper. “I will always be here for you, that you can rely on, but my abilities are…limited.” He then turned his head away and looked back over the cliff’s edge. “Sometimes, well… sometimes magic just isn’t enough,” the wizard said. He released his grip and slowly turned away from Olds, “I should have told you that long ago, but I was too vain to include it in your curriculum. A sad failing on my part, but there you have it.” 
He bowed his head and headed back to his drenched llama. 
The men around Olds mumbled a bit, but he couldn’t make out what they said. He patted Matty on the shoulder as he walked by. Matty replied by nodding slowly at Olds and the two grabbed the reins of their horses and slowly marched onward.
They trudged on, mainly in silence. Oldsmobill quickened his pace a little, until he was walking right next to the Batesman. 
“Master?” Oldsmobill asked.
The wizard glanced over at him with a forlorn expression upon his face. “Yes, apprentice,” he replied.
“The truth is…I have always known of your limitations, sir. I have also known for quite some time that magic is not something that can be relied upon.” A small smile crossed his face. “So, you see, maybe you taught me more than you realize.”
The Batesman lifted his head and stared warily at the young man. “Perhaps…or…maybe you’re just a good student.”
“I have always known that I could count on you…and I have for some time considered you as being more than just my teacher, but also...my friend.”
“Yes, Olds. I am,” he whispered, a smile slowly returning beneath his mustache. His eyes lifted, and he began to recollect, “When I was assigned the task of preparing you for this quest, I was quite hesitant. But, I was told that great things would come of it.”
“That’s what the bowl of porridge told me…and that irritable toilet in my dream,” Olds suddenly gasped.
“Yes, well, even so, I didn’t want to do it, and vehemently argued against it.” Master Bates looked back at Olds and winked. “Then, one day, as was foretold, you showed up at my shop, accompanied by a representative of King Piddy’s work-release program. Heh, I could tell right away that you were…well, different…Horace.” 
Olds’ suspicious left eyebrow raised a little, “How so, sir.?”
The wizard hummed for a second and squinted his eyes. “For a boy that had been through so much…and that had so much taken from him, and who had witnessed such horrors…well, you still had a glimmer of hope in your eyes. You never lost your faith in yourself or in mankind.” The Batesman let a low hum pass through his lips, “Mind you, there was no doubt that you still seemed quite a brooding character, but still, there has always been something special about you, my boy.”
Olds bowed his head. “I wish I knew what it was.”
The Batesman frowned, and then sighed. “Don’t let the details confuse you. The simple truth is this…your quest didn’t start with the talking bowl of porridge, or after your visit to the three witches, or when you had that dream, or even during my tutelage…these were only things to help guide you along on your journey.” Master Bates stopped his walking and wiped the rain from the front of his face. He then smiled. “No, Oldsmobill, the truth is…you have always been on a quest.” 

The forest soon started to lessen and the trees became spindly and spaced quite a bit apart as they entered a desolate area between two mountains. The ground became more rocky and covered with a thick layer of gravel, and black, volcanic sand. There wasn’t a trail anymore, just a vacant and inhospitable landscape. Each step sent small cascades of rocks and pebbles down the slope of the mountain. Several streams of water cut deeply into dark terrain and ran all the way down into a gully of black water. Very little vegetation grew here, just a few small plants scattered far apart. To the left of the riders was the mountain called Borgnine. It rose unapologetically upward to the sky. Its slopes were gentle until near the top, where it was crowned by a large, towering column of dark-gray limestone.
The troop was making their way across the slopes of Mount Brelior, another huge precipice; this one reached even further up, nearly touching the clouds and was topped by a small cap of snow. During the winter months the entire mountain would hold a huge amount of snow and ice, but during the early spring, it would send massive torrents of water down this very slope and into the gorges below. This time of the year, late spring to early summer, most of the threat was already washed away. But the tremendous storm and constant rain made this part of the journey as dangerous as the trail through the high cliffs.
The horsemen, still in a single file, rode slowly across the terrain and looked around nervously. Tim hesitantly led his horse forward, keeping an eye on the slope.
A loud crack of lightning flashed out of the clouds. Everyone suddenly looked back, as a large tree behind them exploded into flames. Orange embers burst forth as the trunk was shattered into flaming shards that fell to the dark earth. 
Another loud roar of thunder erupted overhead and a large bolt of lightning struck behind Mount Borgnine and silhouetted the magnificent structure. It looked somewhat like a human figure standing atop the black slopes, and Matty peered up at the structure and felt like it was looking down on him and upon the thin line of men and horses that accompanied him, and silently mocking them all.
He felt a sudden feeling of dread, and nervously reached into his pouch for a biscuit to take his mind off the image, and the weather, and the terrain. Olds stared up at the mountain as well, but he was more concerned about a series of large boulders right above his position on the mountainside. He kept his eyes focused in their direction as he slowly passed below them. Master Bates, meanwhile, had covered his head with a large white towel, which was now completely soaked and drooped down upon his shoulders. He occasionally looked back at Olds and Matty and whoever else he could see, to ascertain how they were holding up. Sometimes he’d lift a corner of his mouth in a half-hearted attempt at smiling, but no one really felt like smiling or laughing, or even talking much now.
The wizard then heard something and lifted himself up in his saddle. Olds saw him and quickly turned. His master’s voice cried out, “There! Look out!”
As Olds rose in his saddle, he heard several men shouting, and several horses neighing. He placed his hand above his eyes and shielded them from the rain. He then looked down the line of riders and saw a group of men pulling upon their horse’s reins with all of their strength, while others forcefully kicked their steed’s flanks. Oldsmobill looked up the slope, and just above the line of men were several large boulders, their huge footholds on the side of the mountain washed away by the excess rainwater, and beginning to roll down towards the men. Olds turned his horse around and joined the shouting, but his voice was lost in the mix of sounds echoing along the steep slope. Several men bolted past him, their eyes wide with fear and trying their best to outrun the avalanche. Several more men, further back, had pulled hard upon their horses, some just to stop, others, nearer to the landslide, turned their horses and then kicked them hard to escape in the other direction.
The massive boulders stormed down and were quickly followed by a cloud of gravel and mud, finally ending in a large spray of dark, gritty water. The larger boulders cascaded down the slope, only stopping when they reached the dark creek that ran at the floor of the gully. 
A large gash was left in the side of the mountain, and a torrent of mud and gravel and black water quickly followed the boulders down into the black creek bed below. 
Captain Tim then passed Olds and galloped straight to where the men were and shouted out frantically, “Anyone injured?”
A few seconds passed and he shouted it again, then a low response rose among the men behind the rubble, “No, I think we’re all okay.”
Tim next rode up the slope a bit and pointed to several of the men and waved his hand back towards Olds and company.
“Gather your wits, boys! The longer we dwell here, the better our chances are of getting crushed.” He looked in anguish up the slope and then back at his men, who started dismounting and slowly walking their horses across the muddy scar left by the landslide. The mud was deep and oozed with each step. 
“Careful!” Captain Tim shouted. He then got off his horse and helped the men across the slippery trail. “This whole mountain may come down on us with this downpour!”
As each man passed by him, he reached out and patted their shoulders and they looked upon him and gave a slight smile or nod of recognition.
“Don’t worry, we’ll get through this! Just keep a watchful eye up the slope.” Tim yelled out, but his voice was full of nervous trepidation. After the last man had passed, and rejoined the others, the commander climbed back upon his horse and rode straight to the front again. He decided it was time to leave this area as fast as possible. 
During the journey the horses lost their footing on numerous occasions and one even fell, depositing his rider, a man by the name of CurleyJoe, upon the gravel, but except for a few minor abrasions on his elbow and hands though, he and his horse seemed all right.
The thunder still rolled high in the dark clouds, and plenty of flash lightning filled the depths of those clouds with bright plumes of light, but the storm was beginning to die down somewhat. The rain was still falling at a horrible pace, and the wind blew the rain and gravel straight into the men’s faces.
Olds looked ahead and saw a large cliff wall, and a huge waterfall that spilled over its edge and collected in a deep pool. Gigantic boulders ― each one covered in a thick green moss, surrounded it. They then passed under a huge outcropping of rock, which looked very foreboding, and both Matty and Olds couldn’t help but look upon the huge angular shapes that loomed above them with much unease. It did however provide some cover from the rain, and after so many hours of being exposed to the elements, they found some relief in that. The shelter did not last long though, and soon they were being rained upon again, but the weather seemed to be taking a turn for the better, and the western sky started to be clearing. A few stars even began to twinkle through the thinning clouds. 
Another large outcrop of rock passed over them and this one was even more extensive. It formed a large arch, and connected with the rising stone walls on their right. Soon, the entire company was under the large ceiling of stone and finally out of the elements.
“We rest a bit.” Tim cried out. He dismounted his horse and patted its mane and then kindly massaged its huge jaw muscles. Olds hopped down and felt his feet splash in about two inches of fast moving water. He gently led Patches up to the side of the cliff and out of the stream that flowed through the middle of the chasm.
Matty did the same and pulled an apple out of his pouch. After his horse eagerly ate the fruit, Matty gave a slight whistle to Olds and tossed him an apple as well.
Olds smiled and nodded appreciatively to his companion and passed the red orb right in front of Patches’ eyes before presenting it to his mouth. He then patted it on the forehead. “Good boy,” he softly said, “Good boy.”
The rest of the troop was busy doing much the same as Olds and Matty. The entire group of men may have spoken to their horses, but they weren’t speaking much to each other. The air was filled with sadness and loss and the feeling became thick and palpable inside the confines of the stone shelter. Olds sat down on a rock and chewed on a biscuit, before handing one up to Patches, which to his surprise, ate it rapidly. He turned as he heard Master Bates’ voice.
“How much further?” the wizard asked Captain Tim.
“Other side of yonder mountain,” he quietly replied, “Around nightfall, if the storm passes.”
The Master nodded and continued to feed his llama carrots, which he kept pulling out of the beast’s left ear. Once the llama had finished eating the carrot, Master Bates would pull another out and so on. Unbeknownst to the dull-witted animal, it was actually just the same carrot he was eating over and over again.
Olds smirked. He suddenly heard some shouting to his left, and leaning up slightly, saw two Scumbag soldiers pushing each other around while several more tried to break them apart. 
“Hey! What’s going on down there?” Tim shouted, his voice echoing throughout the shelter. The men’s eyes, a bit surprised by the loudness and the quantity of echo in his voice, quickly turned to face him.
“It’s just Wreznor, sir, being an ass…as usual!” TrollKiller321 shouted. Then, Wreznor jumped upon him, his fists flailing about, but the others immediately pulled him off. Olds and Matty made their way to the area of the commotion, while Master Bates just kept pulling carrots out of his llama’s ear. He looked upon the group of men with a detached, unconcerned look, and slowly gnawed on the nub of a carrot.
As Tim neared the brawl, Wreznor broke away from one of the men holding him and pointed at the captain.
“We should’ve never come this way! It’s suicidal!” he screamed.
Captain Tim pushed a couple of Scumbags out of his way and shouted back, “The idea was to sneak into Walder, not lead a parade through it!”
“Copperhead’s dead! And me, and several others just barely escaped! We’ll all be dead before we ever see Walder!” Wreznor shouted back. 
Captain Tim took two huge steps and grabbed Wreznor by the shoulders and loudly barked, “You wish now to turn and go back? Then go back!” He then spun around shouted at all of them. “Any of thee that wants to go can go! And god be with you, but the only way out of here is forward.” 
“We should’ve taken the Allegorian pass!” Wreznor yelled. 
Tim turned again to face Wreznor, and in a normal tone replied, “Aye, and what then? Ride down the main road, so the Royal Guard can cut us down like rats? What? Do ye think Vespius has his army on holiday or something…does thou think we can just saunter right into Walder and introduce ourselves?”
He then slowly circled in front of all his men, looking every one of them in the eye. “Is that what ye men think this is? Some kind of freakin’ picnic? You think a guardsman seeing fifty some-odd men, all decked-out for warfare, with these bright, yellow stripes down our backs…what? You think they’re gonna throw roses at you?”
Some of the men bowed their heads, while others looked proudly upon their leader. His voice lowered again, but his raised his chin high.
“What happened to our friend and comrade in arms was a tragedy most terrible...and when we finally reach Walder, I will say a prayer for his soul. For I will miss him greatly. But listen well to me, my friends…this isn’t just about one man, it’s about the whole region.”
“It’s about us, trying to defend our homeland and our families and their future…here…against a tyrant who would gladly wipe all of that away for his own vain glory. Truth of the matter is, we may all die, one way or another in trying to…usurp…this most despicable of despots.”
 Tim glanced at Master Bates and gave him a small wink. He then looked back to his men. He withdrew his sword from its scabbard and began to raise it above his head.
“It’s about redemption, my friends! We have failed our country, and our people, and even our king! We failed them when they needed us the most. That’s why they cursed us. That’s why they banished us, because we could have defeated Vespius on that great day of battle, but we decided to choose our own appetites over duty and honor. That is why we are here, right now. To accomplish what we should have done a year ago, or to die trying. No matter how we may go, whether on the road to war or in the throes of battle itself, everyone will know that when we had the chance to atone for our past transgressions, we hesitated not. We were no cowards then, we are not cowards now! We were selfish then, yes, but now we, as god is my witness, will redeem ourselves! And the entire region will know who we truly are, and they will say our names once again with pride! For when we were given a second chance, we did not fail to act!”
The captain waved his sword at the roof of the rock enclosure and yelled even louder. “They gave us our name, so that we would live as outcasts. They cursed us to wear this stripe, to forever mark us as cowards!”
The Scumbags all gathered in around their leader, and Tim started pointing at each of them, his voice lowering greatly, until it was barely above a whisper, and slow, as he carefully enunciated every syllable of every word he spoke.
“But, I’ll say this…that this moniker will one day be spoken of with great honor! And I, for one, will say to all that will listen…that I was once fortunate enough to command this brave group of men…and wore this stripe…proudly!”
Captain Tim suddenly raised his sword high again above his head. He then yelled and the men all joined him: 
“We are…the Scumbags!”
A roar went up from the assemblage, and even Olds and Matty loudly voiced their approval, while the Batesman clapped and smiled. Tim patted several of his men on the shoulders. He then grabbed Wreznor by the back of the neck and placed his forehead against his and looked directly into his eyes and said something to him only Wreznor could hear. Wreznor nodded and bowed his eyes as Tim lightly slapped his jaw.

*****

The farmhouse looked rather odd in the clearing. It was completely surrounded by a deep and dark forest, and the area was littered with stumps and small bushes, but the house seemed to be standing its ground in the circle of grass. Next to it was a small barn and an even smaller outhouse near the tree line.
Three pairs of eyes all stared intensely at the little structures. Occasionally, a bolt of lightning would cast the place in bold extremes of light and dark, but for several minutes, as their eyes gazed the grounds, no hint of movement was seen.
“There’s no one there,” Delores whispered. 
Harv looked over at her as the rain streamed down her face and dripped incessantly off of her chin. She squinted and wiped the moisture from her eyes and continued peering at the structures. Garlo slipped behind them and soon afterward stared from around a tree trunk.
“You two stay here. I’ll check it out.” He rustled a few leaves and slowly crouched in front of the two, then turned, and said, “If anything happens to me, take my family home, okay?”
Harv and Delores looked at each other and then turned and nodded. Garlo smiled slightly. “They know where my farm is, they just might need a little help getting there, okay?”
They both nodded again and Garlo slowly crept to the right, following the tree line. Soon he was gone in the darkness.
Harv moved a bit closer to his wife, they both kneeled behind a soaked hairyberry bush and continued to look upon the clearing. The rain was really coming down, and the lightning streaked large gashes of light across the sky. Loud cracks of thunder filled the air, accompanied by an ever-present low rumble of thunder rolling across the clouds.
“There’s nobody there,” Delores said again, “What are we going to do now?”
Harv replied, “I don’t know.” 
A bolt of lightning lit the atmosphere and Harv spotted Garlo near the outhouse, he pointed in his direction, and Delores turned her head.
Garlo slowly crept out the forest and crouched next to the little shack and slowly opened the door. Harv noticed that a dagger was shimmering in the dark figure’s left hand, slightly concealed in the sleeve of his cloak; he held the hilt in his palm and the blade flush against his wrist.
Having seen nothing, but a small wooden bench with a hole in the middle of it and an old, soggy Sears Catalog, Garlo moved over to the barn. Lightning lit the sky again and exposed him for a moment, peering through an opening in the wooden slat walls. He then crept inside the structure, only to return, and menacingly glare at the house.
“What other place could Gravy had hidden his family?” Delores asked.
Harv thought a minute and replied, “Maybe Krieger’s place, or maybe the mill by the river…”
“Krieger was a bit of a gambler, perhaps he got in over his head, and Gravy made him pay him back by keeping Pitch’s family.”
“Maybe,” Harv answered.
Garlo slowly looked through the side window, very slowly at first, but when he didn’t see anything, he stood up and put his hands and face against the glass. He next turned in the direction of where Harv and Delores were hiding, and slowly shook his head. The two gradually rose, but didn’t take a step. Both watched as Garlo slowly tippy-toed up to the door and hesitantly pushed it open with the toe of his boot.
He went inside and disappeared in the darkness. Harv and Delores hesitantly began walking out of the protection of the dark trees. As they stepped upon the soggy grass, Garlo exited the building and looked around with a perplexed expression upon his face.
“No one’s here,” he stated plainly, squinting, as his head swiveled about.
Delores sighed loudly. Harv walked over to a thin path that ran to the south. He scanned the ground but didn’t see anything in the rain-soaked mud. He then accompanied the others under the shelter of the flimsy porch. 
“I don’t see any evidence of anybody being here for a while,” Harv said.
“There’s nothing inside but some old clothes,” Garlo announced. He grunted and placed his hands upon his waist. “I’ll go get the horses.” He then started sloshing back into the woods.
Delores was busy looking at the furniture and bed sheets that were strewn all over the place. It wasn’t a tidy home, but it wasn’t terribly messy either. It smelled like wet dog fur, and looked as if someone had just left one day and never returned ― which was pretty much what had happened.
Harv spotted a small pile of wood next to the fireplace and began arranging the pieces to start a blaze. He pulled a little stuffing out of the thin mattress on the bed, as six or seven small mice jumped out and quickly scurried across the floor. The last one, before leaving, shook his front paw threateningly at Harv, who looked on, bemused.
After pulling a little flint case out of his vest pocket and producing a few sparks, Harv blew steadily into the smoldering bundle of straw. Soon, a nice fire was going, and the glow from the fireplace dimly lit the room.
Stepping into the little hovel, Garlo quickly removed his drenched cloak and hung it on the top of the opened front door. 
“Good! A nice fire to warm us up a bit,” He eagerly said, rapidly rubbing his hands together.
Harv slowly made his way to the door and took a long look outside at the driving rain. “Might as well make a bite to eat, while we plan our next move,” he said.
“What is our next move?” Delores asked, sitting down upon a worn chair. She stared at the flames with her head propped up on her knuckles. A look of profound disenchantment filled her eyes.
“Any suggestions?” Garlo asked the fire.
“Are you sure Gravy’s not holding your family somewhere in town?” Delores muttered.
“I’m positive. I checked with a few old friends while I was there, and they had not seen any evidence of that, and I snuck around some of his establishments just to make sure. Unless he has them locked up underground somewhere, they’re not in Fouldune.”
“Hmm,” Delores replied, suddenly struck by what Garlo had said, “There is an old armory down river just a little…”
“It’s just ruins though,” Harv added.
Delores nodded her head slowly, “Yes, but I believe it had a basement or a cell of some sort under it.”
“I think I remember that place,” Garlo quickly replied, waving his finger in the air.
“It’s out of the way, yet fairly close to town,” Delores added, her dour expression easing slightly.
“Lets eat first, and maybe get some sleep,” Harv said.
Garlo sat staring at the fire for a few minutes. He looked around at the humble habitat and then said, “My father’s farm is only a couple of miles from here, I’ll ride over there again… real quick…and see if his neighbors have heard anything else.”
Harv nodded. Delores stood up and slid her cloak over the bedrail. “Be careful and hurry back. I want to return to Carbuckle and see my son,” she stated sharply.
“I will return very soon. Keep a little of the supper ready for me okay?” Garlo said. He briskly walked to the door and slung his cloak over his back and splashed in the rain towards the barn.
“Harv,” Delores softly spoke, “If they’re not at that tower, what are we going to do then?”
Harv stoked the fire and replied slowly, “Whatever we have to, I guess. We’ve come this far…”
Delores huffed. Her anxiety levels were rising with each passing second. “I have a very bad feeling about this.”

*****

Johann’s eyes darted up the slope of the mountain as a lightning strike set the angry sky alight. He wiped the rain out of his eyes and leaned down beside his horse’s neck and scanned the watery terrain in front of him. The marsh was drenched and a layer of water now covered the trail and splashed around with each step of his horse. Behind him a long line of slumped figures followed him through the muck and the wetness.
“How much further?” FumbDuck yelled, his voice showing signs of stress amid the horrible elements.
“About an hour or so…it’s just around the bend,” Johann rose up and yelled back, “If I don’t lose the trail.”
They had ridden their horses as fast as they could for the entire day and way into the night. Across the Allegorian trail they galloped at breakneck and dangerous speeds, and then down into the forests north of Carbuckle, before entering the swamplands to the east of Timbrook.  
The trail through the swamps was a thin line of earth that rose only slightly from the rest of the waterlogged landscape ― a small ridge of stony terrain that created a narrow path through the deep mud and darkened pools that covered the area. FumbDuck looked back at the men that he was given charge of, and after cupping his hand to his mouth, shouted, “About an hour or so more, men!”
A few grumbles and a couple of lackluster waves from slow, tired hands replied. A loud roar of thunder rolled around the little expanse and FumbDuck reacted to the noise by squinting his eyes and gritting his teeth.  He scrunched the collar of his cloak tightly in his hand. 
They slowly rode out of the swamps, and looking up, each man spied the majestic slopes of Mount Moo, and the numerous, large, udder-like pylons of rock at its apex. 
The water in the marshlands and the swamp was slowly rising with each passing minute, for it was a reservoir of sorts from the runoff cascading down the mountainside, but also, to a lesser extent, a collection area for the water within the crater as well. After the water seeped into the ground, it passed under the mountainous ridge through the porous volcanic rock and emptied slowly into the swamps beyond. 
Johann knew that with so much rain, the area around Timbrook would within days be at least waist deep in some places, and the main road through the pass would probably disappear altogether. Only the arching of the forest canopy over it would provide a clue as to where the road was located.
Even in the harsh weather, a smell drifted towards the men, faint at first and only in short gusts, but now, with each step, a bit more persistent and lingering. Only when the wind changed direction and blew in from the south or the southeast did the stench dissipate. Though they curled their noses at the odor, Johann breathed it in, for it was as good a sign as any that they were nearing the pass, and Mealy’s hog farm.
About an hour later, a small wooden fence ― half eaten, and dilapidated ― appeared on their left. The collection of men looked over the remaining portions of the fence and saw large pools of mud and murky water. Amid the downpour and the darkness, several hundred tiny hoof prints were seen pressed into the saturated mud around a small pond and a few spindly, bark-less trees. A lightning flash suddenly revealed a droopy-eared pig standing near a gnarly stump. It was a huge, hairy creature, and had a streaked bulls-eye painted upon its side.
WTF glanced over and saw the strange beast and turned back to LongFellow and grimaced.
The riders made their way around the farm and saw other large hogs, and near the house, a huge sow with several piglets scurrying across her bloated belly. They squealed loudly with each clap of thunder or streak of lightning. Several large shrubs hid the path’s entrance from the road, and the water was fairly deep, rising up above the horse’s shins. One soldier, by the name of PistolPete ― who rode a donkey, for some reason ― dismounted his beast and trudged beside it through the water. 
Johann now sat on his horse outside the entrance into Timbrook, and shielding his eyes with his hands, peered deep into the pass. FumbDuck soon joined him.
“Anyone home?” he asked Johann, who was busy scanning the top of the ridge. 
“Don’t know yet, but it would be best not to enter uninvited.” 
FumbDuck looked behind and saw that the road and surrounding area was extensively flooded. It looked as if someone had tried to plant a forest in a shallow pond. The road, if there actually was one underneath his horse’s hoofs, was nowhere to be seen. He then turned and looked upon the steep and treacherous slopes that stood before them. Near the pass, at the top of the ridge, he noticed some movement, and as a high flash of light lit up the sky, he thought he saw a small boulder moving about in the wind. He thought it quite odd that the wind could make such a large rock move about so, and pointed it out to his companions.
Johann however recognized the boulder as the misshapen skull of Farley Apropos, and waved frantically towards it.
“Farley!” he yelled, “Farley! Is that you?”
The rain and the water hitting the miniature lake around them made hearing anything nearly impossible, so Johann slowly led his horse forward in the direction of the pass.
“Farley!” he yelled again, cupping his hands around his mouth. 
Suddenly the boulder spoke. “Who goes there?” It asked in a rather chipper voice. A large bolt of lightning flashed across the sky, and the slightly oval-shaped rock disappeared, and then slowly rose up again behind a large pile of actual rocks.
“It is I, Johann the hunter!”
Farley rose a little higher and peered down at the troop and then hollered back, “Hello, Johann! Who be your friends?”
Johann hesitantly looked upon the group of soggy and tired horsemen. After a sly smile slowly creaked across his face, Johann raised his eyes, turned around quickly, cupped his hand to his mouth and shouted: “They are German Brewmasters…here on holiday!” 
Farley nearly fell off the pile of stones. The words rang inside his head like a large church bell sounding ‘beer o’clock’. Keenly, he stared down at the waterlogged troop below him.
“Why are they wearing all that armor?” he shouted back. To which Johann ― fairly quick on his toes in such situations ― replied:
“It’s a German thing!” 
He turned to his colleagues and shrugged. FumbDuck slowly trotted up and loudly whispered, “German Brewmasters?” 
“Ya,” Johann replied, smiling slightly, “It’s the only type of authority figures we Timbrookians tend to respect.”
FumbDuck nodded slowly and peered upward.
“May we enter, oh, great watchman, whose breath reeks of glass cleaner?” Johann shouted back up the slope, “For my friends wish to share with us their many distilling secrets and their numerous 150-proof libations!”
“Aye!” Farley yelped back, dancing a bit and waving his arms in the air. He was going to do a somersault, but all of a sudden, a large lightning bolt caught him right at the apex of his cranium. He vibrated rapidly, as he started to smolder, and surprisingly ― just like in the cartoons ― his skeleton brightly glowed through his flesh and clothes. He was instantly pumped with about fifty kajillion volts of electrical energy, and seconds later, stood completely motionless ― like a charred, wild-haired scarecrow, before stiffly falling behind the rocks.
“Farley!” Johann cried out. The men around him all looked up in awe, mixed with a heaping helping of shock thrown in for good measure. 
“Oh, it’s alright…I’m fine.” A voice peeped through the darkness, as the head of Farley slowly reappeared. He waved a little white flag and blew a cloud of smoke from his mouth.
Johann slowly shook his head and pulled his horse leisurely through the pass. Above, he could hear Farley exclaim:
“Whoa! Jesus Palomino! What a freakin’ rush!”

*****

“Toil, O’Boyle, foil and double,
Cauldron moil and coil and bubble,
Hickory, chicory, mimicry pox,
I smell the blood of a man eating lox.”

The old bearded hag stirred the humongous pot with the handle of a mop, and with each rotation, flopped the wet end into her sister’s wrinkled mug.
“Slorp!” It slorped, and the second old hag licked her lips with amazing delight.
“Ah, tastes like the applesauce you spilt this morning, sister dear!” she gurgled out, and then danced sprightly on her left foot, for her right was stuck in a mid-kick position and simply hovered uselessly in the air.
The third old bag, her beard and hair matted to her crusty, raggedy face, and more then slightly resembling the rotating mop head, dropped two huge handfuls of dried monkey toes into the brew and started to sputter a few words through her leathery, heavily-creased lips.

“Stubble, rubble and orbiting Hubble,
Mauldin lobe and strobe-light trouble,
Plea…ply…pro…plum,
I smell the crud on little Tom’s thumb.”

Then, all three danced around the cauldron and waved their scrawny, weather-beaten arms in the air, and after every third or fourth step, gleefully spat into the brew and joyfully cried out: 

“By the eyes of forlorn Fritz,
By the bones of cumbersome Litz,
I see the future and oh, glory me!
A career so bright on both stage and screen.

Tea forage hops, tea spoilage mold,
Tea for two in Lester Square, thirty days old.”

They then pulled out a banjo, washboard, and spoons, and played a couple of bars from an old ragtime melody:

“Dim bones, dim bones, dim skin and bones,
 Dim bones, dim bones, dim skin and…bones.”

Suddenly the warehouse door opened and a great shard of light revealed all types of costumes and masks and other assorted theatrical accoutrements surrounding the three blind sisters. The manager of the ‘Essex Theatre’ prop department continued to roll open the huge metal door, for it was affixed to several small wheels and lubricated regularly. 
“Hey! What’s you craggy spinsters doing in here?” he shouted with his usual ale-drenched aplomb. He abruptly raised his left leg and shook it rapidly until a field mouse scurried out of his pant’s cuff and quickly ran for a dark corner, gleefully holding the two shillings it had just stolen from his pocket.
“Hoot! Hoot!” Tweedle-duh yelled out, trying to pretend to be an owl. Her two sisters tried their best to act casual and moved their heads around and whistled, as if shopping for bathroom cleaning products in a large department store.
The manager scratched his scalp and stood in the doorway quite puzzled. “You is one big, ugly owl,” he gargled, “What’s your scientific name?”
“I be ‘Hootimitius owlopithycus’, of the ‘Squalid Aves’ classification, a close cousin to the ‘Horned Owl with Scabby Knees’ and runner-up in the annual ‘Railway Maiden Competition’. My most significant feature is my extraordinarily complex mating ritual, which takes thirty-six hours and ends with a spelling bee.” Tweedle-duh pompously etched out, before producing a loud squawk from her mouth-like orifice, which strangely opened up beneath her nose and contained a large tongue stained purple by years of grape-flavored popsicle abuse.
“And I be an innocent by-stander,” Tweedle-doh proudly rattled, “also cataloged as ‘Innocentus bystandishimo’, and I arrived early to get a good seat for the ‘Valentine’s Day Massacre Parade.’ My common name is ‘Babooshka Ya-Ya’, and I am of unknown origin and only recently classified as a type of hairy fungera.” She danced upon her one functioning leg and smugly held a large pitchfork, while donning a towering, stovepipe hat.
“And I am ‘Felonious feline-felinius’ a rare breed of sex kitten.” Tweedle-deeeaw crowed, her voice sounding like finely trimmed fingernails moving across a blackboard. “Purrr,” she coyly added, to the warehouse manager’s horror. 
There’s no need to go into depth about what she was wearing, but let’s just say it resembled a few pieces of thin, black fabric tightly stretched around an old catcher’s mitt.
The manager felt faint, then slightly excited, then quite sick at the thought. “Okay, well, I’m just going to leave now and look for a guillotine,” he nervously said, and quickly closed the warehouse door, just before Tweedle-deeeaw’s belly-button ring could hypnotize him into complete submission.
“Dang it!” she cried out, realizing that her chance at bathing him in peanut oil and candle wax had suddenly run away — still quite unscathed and untainted by her buckskin advances. 
Sensing that the coast was clear ― for they were all quite blind, but had extraordinary powers of insight, and could easily detect a molecule of testosterone from nearly thirty miles away ― they continued their ceremony.
 The first witch, Tweedle-duh, stuck her head into the brew, and after several seconds, withdrew it quickly. A large cloud of smoke and smoldering hair gel filled the room and she exhaled greatly ― the stench of which nearly killed both of her sisters.
“Oh!” Tweedle-doh exclaimed, “What’s you been eating? Rotten cabbage?”
“Aye, caught one in midair during a matinee performance in Bristol! Those buggers may not be fans of Shakespeare, but their aim is quite true!” she replied. After slapping both her rubbery cheeks forcefully, she began to mumble and drool.

“Drinkle, drinkle spittle scar,
Cow-eyed wonder, how hobbled you are!

Oh! It’s all coming back to me now…

I see a pygmy! 
By the roadside, selling fish and poker chips.
He sings like a mudpuppy and wears a boot upon his head.
Oh, but his eyes are full of melon pits,
As he scours the horizon like it was a large, dirty, roasting pan,
And he has one foot in the grave and another in a bear-trap.
Hear him! For he speaks like a man with a fish in his mouth:

‘Oh, desperate Monosodium,
Where are thy children with their lunch money?
Why have they traded their galoshes for tubes of super glue?
Could it be that you made them pay for your staccato tattoos
With the corns on their feet and the holes in their shoes?’

‘By the way, how much should I give to have my soul reupholstered?
And should I exchange my potable brain 
For a set of decorative whooping cranes? 
Or be content with my lack of porcelain Audubon figurines?’

Woe be unto me!
For I see huggable hunks in hosiery and hollow hats, all slightly askew.
Bocipherus bolts and scrumtabulous screws.
Riveting dialogues and diabolical shrews,
All asking the Muse, of proliferating political views:
‘Am I not a pinch of sawdust on the floor of god’s workshop?
And here I was, thinking he was making me into a chaise lounge!’
Then, in delirium, he spun me around quite rapidly, 
Like a table-leg on a crafter’s pinion,
And carved me into the image of a Louis XIV corner-dresser
With great skill and precision.

Oh, Rococo!

And so, it came to pass that I was sold in a flea market
For a handful of magic chickpeas and a talking heifer named ‘Milktoast the Milkmost’.
And it was there that I spent my remaining days…
Stuck in the corner of a large linen closet,
Dreaming of one day joining the exciting and lucrative world of pharmaceutical sales.

Oh, hallowed truncheon!
Whisper my name to your swollen ankles,
And blame me not for leaving your din-din next to the dumpster,
For who is to say that you would have ever been able to tell the difference…
Between pipsqueaks and cheap sweets?

Oh, ‘Hollow’ be thy name!
Do thoust breaketh the kneecaps of mine enemies and dare them to cross your laugh lines, 
So that they may cry with the sting of rubber bullets and the billows of your laughing gas canisters?
Give me librarians or give me death!
And while we’re on the subject…
What manner of life is this, that I must have a permit in order to incarcerate a wayward Methodist in my basement?”

She then raised a bony finger toward the ceiling and hummed:

“Sister Ruth has an elephant.
She keeps it in a jar,
And every Sunday she lets it out,
To graze in her backyard.”

Tweedle-deeeaw suddenly cracked her tuneless sister in the ear with a spatula and cried out, “Oh, forget the theatrics and get on with it!”
A frown crossed Tweedle-duh’s face and she waved her hands about her charred head to clear away the smoke from her still-smoldering scalp. She was almost bald now, with only a few glowing embers left sticking out of her overcooked apex.
“I see him now, shining like a new can of beans without the label, and not yet opened by the electric can-opener of time. He is riding a llama and picking his nose, but he is very shy about that, and conceals it from his colleagues by wearing a large, burlap potato sack over his head.
“In front of him could be a large stalk of celery…. perhaps, but not nessie-celery… Ha! …and he has a yellow stripe down his spinal ridge and he is very flatulent, but he blames it on the nearby bogs. He is called Tim, but most of him is not tiny, and the part of him that is, he calls ‘little doughboy.’
“And behind them is the oatmeal-eater, and his hair is nearly brown now for he forgot to re-dye it blonde and has thus fulfilled the prophecy: ‘He is blonde by bottle and not by nature.’ He rides along and is eating a large peach, which is really quite juicy, and the liquid slowly flows off of his strong, angular chin…”
“Ooh!” Tweedle-deeeaw cackled out, “Let me see! Let me see!” 
But, both her sisters numbed her forcefully by knocking her about with large ham bones, which they kept in their pockets for just such occasions.
“No, my fair and bruised sister, for I shall keep this particular vision to myself, however, I may one day post it on my own personal website, if I can ever find a domain name that suits my muckraking vestibule. But listen, for I have not yet finished, and my rather small bladder is filling up even as we speak. For behind the most handsome peach-eater is one of the Carpenters, and he should not be confused with that middle-of-the-road singing duo that was popular in the seventies, and he has a fake llama head tied to his saddle, for what reason I know not, and it makes me quite afraid to even begin to ponder the significance of this.”
“Oh, so it is true, what our older brother once spake,” Tweedle-doh graveled, “For he once said, that ‘a man with a fake llama head will unlock the door to Vespius’ secrets.’ But, I thought he was just being figurative or perhaps was exceptionally stoned.”
“Aye, for he often spoke in circles and sometimes in octagons,” Tweedle-duh replied.
“Be that as it mayhem, for I see him…our dear ol’ brother…with his big, bald cranium…and he is like a ghost…and he is walking through a dark hall…”
“Our dear brother! Has he finally tired of impostering a famous magician and left England for warmer climes?” Tweedle-doh uncorked. “He is quite the rambler…and I don’t just mean his way of conversing.”
Tweedle-duh’s ears started to flap wildly, causing a slight breeze to pass around her head before it quickly vacated the premises. She stuck her tongue out, as her nose suddenly flared up like a bad case of herpes. “No, no, no…he is in some sort of dungeon or ancient aqueduct…but the vision…is fading…”
“Gorsh! I hate these damn cliffhangers!” Tweedle-doh spat out, and began slapping her sister repeatedly upon the forehead. “I shall cover you in aluminum foil and coat hangers… surely that will increase both your perception and reception!”
It was at that moment that the third sister, Tweedle-deeeaw ― finally back upon her purple feet and trying desperately to remove her ringing skull from atop her bony shoulders ― politely apologized: “I need to shave my legs sometime this century, for they are as hairy as two large, overworked, lint brushes.”
Her sisters moved their heads in her direction and furrowed their brows. Tweedle-duh, now holding a spool of 10-gauge speaker wire in one hand and a lightning rod in the other, suddenly slammed her head against the side of the cauldron and continued whatever it was she was previously doing.
“Oh, looky there!” she belted out, “I see Vespius, leader of the Rottweillor meatpacking glitterati, and he is punching himself in the stomach and crying out: ‘Oh, Saline! Oh, Saline!’ And he is dressed as a punching bag and is wearing a jockey strap, and he is now kicking his feet out from under himself, and falling to the floor, and his face is smiling greatly with anticipation of his marriage and the brutal beating he so desperately longs for on his honeymoon night.”
“And what of the king? He of the finely clipped toe nails and knobby knees?” Tweedle-doh asked in sign language.
“Oh!” Tweedle-duh gasped, “He is in very bad shape, and I don’t just mean his flabby thighs and calf muscles, which could use a good workout or two, but mentally as well, for his mind is like a boiled parsnip. And I see him now, using the bathroom on his royal sheets and not even realizing whether or not it was a ‘number one’ or a ‘number two.”
“Talk about a royal flush!” Tweedle-doh spackled out. 
Her big-eared sister, Tweedle-deeeaw, suddenly stuck her craggy head into the large cauldron, but both her sisters grabbed her by the shoulders and quickly pulled her out. Engulfed in smoke, with several tiny, roasted, monkey toes stuck to her face, she began to speak, but only after she removed a flopping sardine from her mouth.
“I have seen the last episode!” she cried out, as her sister’s faces were filled with much shock and even a little awe.
“What have you seen, you silly little wretch?  Tell us or we will sell your baseball-card collection!”
“I saw the four of them all locked in a cage, and they talked about absolutely nothing at all.” Tweedle-deeeaw’s face suddenly changed to one of anger. “Kind of a letdown, really,” she growled.
“What four? What happens to Oldsmobill and Johann?” Tweedle-doh exclaimed, her hands wrapped viciously around her sister’s neck. “Tell me! Vile soothsayer and torturer of string puppets! How does this story end?”
Tweedle-deeeaw, her head rapidly shaking, and gasping, managed to squeak out: “No, not this story…”
“What?” her two sisters asked.
“No, I saw the final episode of ‘Seinfeld.” She hacked and coughed. “It kind of ended on a weird note, and I am left feeling lost and somewhat bewildered.”
After several loud grunts of desperation, accompanied by a few blows to Tweedle-deeaw’s wrinkled brow, her two sisters trembled rapidly and repeatedly stroked their thin, but lengthy, beards.
“Let’s see what I pick up!” Tweedle-doh crackled out, and promptly stuck her head into the cauldron. After several long minutes, she finally resurfaced and spat out a huge piece of salted pork.
“Geez! How long were you two gonna let me stay submerged?” She screamed.
“Until you either drowned or got our cable reconnected,” Tweedle-duh plainly rustled.
“Tell us, did you see who won the next Kentucky Derby?” Tweedle-deeeaw asked, with a notebook, pen, and tip-sheet in hand ― a crisp fedora now blessing her scalp.
“No, no, as sayeth the slug master,” her sister chanted, slowly gnawing on a piece of okra that she had found floating around in the oozing broth. “For his skin is clammy and his complexion is like that of boiled fuel filters.”
The witch’s face became even more gnarly and wrinkled. Her mouth puckered up like a large-mouth bass that had just swallowed a bitter pill, and she began to speak in a hoarse, low, monotone:
“Lo!’ Listen now what dost germinate from my banana-cream pie-hole, for there will be great bloodshed in the ol’ saloon tonight! Frankie the freeloadin’ barrister from Mars is covered with hundreds of sticky-notes, and has his fingers wrapped in red thread and rubber bands. 
“He registers proudly, saying only: ‘Soon! Soon!’ His metallic head glowing like an iron projectile in the loving arms of its manufacturer. He will make a list of all of his paid-holidays, for his capricious calendar correctly calibrates his Rolodex and nicely compliments the curvature of his spinal column.
“He carries a huge clock on his shoulders and has littered his yard with sundials. Nihilistically, the little mongoose awaits his hour of reckless reckoning.
“His name is ‘Slee-Stak’ and he knows all and sees all! And he loves to play the banjo and needs much moisturizer for his scaly flesh. Oh! And he likes it when you strike him about the head with large bamboo stems and idolatrous olive-skewers, for it makes him whisper sweet nothings into the ears of several orphaned badgers.”
“What?” her sisters shrieked.
“Aye! For the storm is soon over and there is still much mumbo-jumbo afoot. But, it is only a slight reprieve sent down by the warden of hourglasses and egg timers.”
“What? Tweedle-duh asked in complete confusion. “You’re on a totally different waveband girl, and your breath is as odorous as a debased ginger root.”
Tweedle-doh’s head shook rapidly, spewing drool all over the room ― which made her sister, Tweedle-deeeaw, hold out her hand and thinking it a slight drizzle of rain. 
“No, it is the future that I see!” Tweedle-doh yapped emphatically, “And it is cast in the warm glow of shoe wax and udder balm.”
“Slee-Stak? The last of the dragons?” Tweedle-duh ratcheted out of her lips. “He is dead and left no note, only an unpaid bar tab and a rambunctious grocery list.”
“Ah!” Tweedle-doh snarled, and pointed her craggy face at a large coffee can that she mistook for a camera. Slowly, she began creeping towards it, covering her mug with a look of terror. However, the wrinkles were not the result of several skilled Hollywood make-up artists, but were expertly produced by the ‘Sculptor of Time’ and his elderly apprentice who specialized in crow’s feet.
“You are mistaken, for the one known as ‘Slee-Stak’ lives and breathes, and never needs matches, and even now watches the comings and goings of men through his extensive satellite system.” She dramatically peeped, and since her head was now nearly inside the coffee can, she unleashed her most sinister of voices ― the one she had learned from her days at the ‘Actor’s Studio.’
“For he watches the journey of Oldsmobill…and if he is in fact, the chosen one, or could easily be mistaken for him in a dark room, then old Slee-Stak will contact him by way of a very nicely-made invitation card, and tell him the truth about the stone…and…oh! What an ending that shall make! Huh?”
The sisters all agreed by farting loudly, and repeatedly, until they all three grabbed their chairs, as well as a trio of large gravy ladles, and began to feast upon the brew while they chuckled and laughed, for the monkey toes were quite done, and reasonably tender, and tasted somewhat like chicken, with just a hint of sardines and hag saliva.

*****

He passed down the hall like a wisp of smoke or the drifting odor of a nearby dumpster. The two guards were fast asleep and were both lying face down on a wobbly table inside a small alcove. The torch burning above their heads barely lit his presence as he continued his slow journey down the hall. His earthly form splashed lightly against the large cell door as most of his particles slipped through the thin crevices of the planks, with only a few molecules bouncing off the wooden barrier.
Once inside, his atoms began to rejoin and slowly became denser again, until he took on the hazy shape of a man. He slowly pulled the hood of his brown habit off his head and exposed his shiny cranium to the candlelight. He smiled at the old man feverishly writing in the corner.
“Bishop,” he whispered.
The old man suddenly stopped writing. His eyes widened, and for the first time in quite a long while, his mind was clear of the constant bombardment of visions. “Master?” he whispered in reply. Turning slowly in his chair, he looked up at the figure before him.
“How are you, old friend?”
Bishop Lamprey slowly rose from the chair and reached out to the figure, his hand passed right through him. “Oh, Master. It is so good to see through you again.” 
He slowly kneeled in front of the bald man and clasped his hands as if in prayer.
“I cannot stay long.” The transparent figure told him, “My…friends…do not like me doing this. But, I convinced them that it was very important to me.”
“Thank you, Master Beluga.” 
“No need to thank me.”
“But, why have you come to see me again?”
“I have come to say goodbye.”
“Goodbye? But, where are you going my Master?”
“It is not I that is leaving,” Master Beluga softly replied, “but, you, old friend.”
Bishop Lamprey’s face expressed his sudden feeling of being disheartened and disturbed. “But, my work is not finished…there is so much more to see and catalogue.” He held both his hands out to Master Beluga, “My mission…my life’s work…I am so close to seeing it all and how it all fits together!”
The bald ghost of a man smiled and patted the bishop on the top of his cranium. “Your job here is almost finished. Fear not, for you have done much with the time that has been given you. You should feel great pride and satisfaction in that, old friend.”
Bishop Lamprey was about to thank him for his words when a cloud began to cover his vision. His eyes rolled into the back of his head. A beam of light grew more and more intense and scenes from a great battle rumbled through his brain.
“Master…ugh! Ack!” The bishop gasped, grunted and even squeaked a little. “A battle soon ensues…I see them preparing…I…I…”
Master Beluga clasped his hands in front of the little rope he used as a belt. He smiled deeply and slowly bowed his head.
“Goodbye, old friend,” he replied simply, while his visage slowly began to dissolve into the damp atmosphere of the cell. His molecules dispersed and scattered all around the room like small fireflies, fluttering in the air until seeping through the many cracks and crevices of the stonework.
Bishop Lamprey crawled to his little desk and chair, and after pulling himself up, began writing again. He stared into space, his mind filled with images of the Japanese bombing Pearl Harbor. He wasn’t sure if the meeting with Master Beluga was real or simply another vision. He wasn’t sure if it had just taken place or had happened years ago. He wasn’t even sure if it was he that had just met the great magician, or if he had only watched another elderly prisoner meet the master magician. 
He scribbled down details of a surprise attack that would take place hundreds of years in the future, and lead a place called ‘America’ into a war that would be called ‘World War II’. The meeting with Master Beluga was soon forgotten amid the clouds of smoke from sinking battleships and the shrill screams of dive-bombers.	

*****

Johann led the riders slowly into Timbrook. It was still raining harshly and the entire place gave the impression of being similar to a huge washbasin full of sludge. FumbDuck glared around the barren landscape and asked, “Where are all the townsfolk?”
“Probably stuffed into the church, or the bar…or both,” Johann replied, “When it rains like this, living in a ditch isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.”
FumbDuck looked over at WTF and whispered, “What exactly is it cracked up to be?”
A few heads peeped out of the Cathedral of Habitual Motion and suspiciously eyed the strangers. Suddenly, the door to the mayor’s mansion burst open, and the mayor quickly lumbered out upon his wooden block-enhanced shoes. He was screaming frantically until he fell face-first into a large pool of mud.
“Ambush! Traitorous diamond merchants have chosen to fight in the rain! Alarum! Alarum!” he orally excreted.
Several people began to slowly exit the church, and a few staggered out of the bar as well. Some were carrying rocks and large equine and bovine bones in their hands.
“Listen! Listen!” Johann cried out in the downpour. “It is I, Johann O’Really! Your friend and former bridge partner!” He swiftly took off his helmet and jumped down from his horse. With a pleading look in his eyes, he approached the onlookers as he widely opened his arms.
“I am Johann the Great Hunter, and these are my friends!” 
The people ardently stared at their fellow Timbrookian and then amongst themselves, and then back at him again. A rough voice broke through the sounds of the storm and the splashing rainwater and cried out, “Teddy!”
An elderly woman briskly pushed her way through the crowd and splashed forward through the mud before firmly hugging her nephew. “Teddy Roosevelt! Come back to the ol’ Magna Carta, huh?” She exclaimed. Johann’s uncle soon joined the two in the downpour, and the happy trio ― to some extent actually resembling a family unit of sorts ― heartily embraced in welcome.
“Ah, it’s like one of them greeting-card advertisements,” Mayor Gristlepuss chirped, clasping his hands in front of his sentimental grin. His feet, as well as the wooden blocks that were tied to them, began to splash in the mud puddle that he was still lying in.
“Aunt Marble, Uncle Misnomer! It’s so good to see you two again,” Johann gleefully replied, “I’ve been so worried about your safety.” He wrapped his arms around the old couple and smiled broadly. “I’m so happy to see you both are well.” 
“Aye, ‘tis good so see you’ve come back, my boy,” his uncle replied.
Aunt Marble patted her nephew on the back of his neck and wheezed, “Teddy, come into the Magna Carta and tell us what became of you.”
The trio walked briskly, arm in arm, toward the Cathedral of Habitual Motion, and after a few happy paces, Johann turned abruptly and waved to the Scumbags. “Tie your horses up boys, and join us inside, it’s only slightly drier, and perhaps a bit rancid to your sensitive nasal passages, but it still beats standing in the rain.”
The Scumbags were quite pleased for a bit of shelter, even if the accommodations were made mainly of chicken bones and old socks, which were by now, quite saturated and dripped incessantly. They eagerly tied their horses around anything that stood above ground: the old oak tree, the mayor’s mansion, and even around Pod Ferguson’s torso, which one of the horsemen had mistaken for a knotted, moldy old stump.
Johann, quick to avoid a confrontation, gave strict orders to the mayor, still quite muddy from his earlier mishap, that the horses were not to be harmed, and the mayor, always happy to increase Timbrook’s lackluster tourist trade, quickly plodded around the village and told everyone of Johann’s declaration.
When he reached Joe’s pub, he proudly spurted: “Johann has returned! And he has brought with him several German Brewmasters! Whoo-hoo!”
When Joe heard this, he jumped up and yelped several vocal tones of great happiness and joyful gratitude. “Finally! Something to get liquored-up on besides disinfecting sprays and hair-removal pastes!”
“Yes! Yes!” The mayor replied, laughing tremendously, “So don’t nobody eat their horses, for it seems those Germans look down upon that sort of thing.”
“Ah! Don’t worry about us mayor,” Joe answered, after sending several celebratory noises through a kazoo, “frankly, I’m quite sick of horsemeat and would much rather prefer gnawing on a moss-covered rock… if I had me a fine German brewski to wash it down with, that is.”
The men and women that were gathered inside the bar all agreed and toasted the German people and their fine history of beer-making prowess by sticking their pinkie fingers into their ears and yelling: “Sa-lute!”

Inside the Cathedral, Johann was busy shaking hands and being repeatedly slapped on the back. Some of his closer friends, who had missed him greatly, welcomed him back by ecstatically humping his legs. 
A few of the Scumbags soon entered the Cathedral and were greeted with great cheers and ecstatic humpings of their legs as well, but they were not quite as flattered by the ceremonial gesture. Those troops that couldn’t squeeze into the Cathedral were led to the pub, where they were greeted with much applause and wide-eyed wonder. Joe served them several flagons of a new brew he was working on called ‘prune whiskey’. 
“It’ll knock yer socks off!” he proudly declared, “And thoroughly clean out your entire digestive tract…which actually makes the whole sock removal bit quite beneficial.” But, most of the men declined the invitation and had a few sips of the watered-down rubbing-alcohol he called ‘the house blend.’
The rest of the soldiers were led into the mayor’s mansion, where he baked them several pans of buttered scones and offered them all a horseradish sandwich, which did not contain any horseradish at all, but was in fact, several slices of cured horsemeat and radishes on a sesame seed bun. 
This particular group, however, had to listen to the mayor drone on and on about the hardships of leadership ― a subject he knew very little about. After nearly a half-hour of this, those that had not fallen asleep or attempted suicide, decided it was better to just go back outside and stand in the rain.
Inside the packed cathedral, Honcho el Grande hugged Johann and broadly smiled. “Aye, Johann, I heard you were stolen by gypsies. It is good to see you escaped without an ear-piercing or a handkerchief tied around your head.”
“Heh,” Johann shyly replied, “I just told my uncle and aunt that so they wouldn’t worry.”
“Oh,” Honcho said, somewhat disappointed, “that’s too bad, I was hoping you could get my copy of Cher’s ‘Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves’ autographed by a real gypsy, since I’ve already had it autographed by several tramps and a thief.”
“Sorry,” Johann replied, while lightly tapping Honcho on the shoulder.
“No problem,” the dejected priest answered, “I reckon I’ll just have to wait on completing my triumvirate.”
At that moment, Farley ― smelling of burnt hair and ozone ― squeezed himself into the cathedral. His coiffure was totally on end, and completely bleached-out, looking like a large, stark-white afro. His skin was charred black and his clothes were ripped to shreds, badly singed, and in some spots, still smoldering. 
Another side effect to his being hit by a bolt of lightning was that his nails now sported a very fine French manicure, and would do so for the rest of his days.
“Aye! Hail to our German Brewmaster friends! Let me be the first to welcome you in your native tongue!” Farley yelled out, a wisp of smoke still occasionally emanating from his mouth. Everyone turned to him to hear his German version of ‘welcome’.
The room grew quiet and Farley looked around, a large flagon of battery acid raised high above his head.
“Heh,” he smirked, “I don’t know any German…what was I thinking?” After a few seconds of everyone looking upon him with a combination of bemusement and disbelief, the noise level resumed.
Johann then stood upon the remnants of a half-eaten altar and raised his hands to the assembled pack of sardines. 
“Hear me, hear me!” He shouted out, and everyone quieted down, except for Farley who was finishing a joke:
“…So the Visigoth says: ‘Yea, well, that ain’t no bratwurst!” He laughed a little before slumping down into the crowd, sipping from his flagon and looking about apprehensively.  
“Dear friends, countrymen, and roamers. I applaud all of you for the great victory over the Cornswallow Royal Guard!” Johann shouted and clapped as the people cheered and tried their best to applaud as well, but unfortunately, it was too packed inside the church for them to move their arms much.
“However, a much larger force will soon be on its way here, and that is why we have arrived, to lend assistance and give comfort in the larger battle ahead.” Johann nodded, and a few of the Scumbags cheered, but the rest of the people were totally silent. All Johann heard was the hard rain outside and the numerous drips where it leaked through the roof of saturated socks.
“But what about our beer?” Farley warily asked. The crowd agreed and started to grumble loudly.
“Yea, I thought they were Brewmasters, not soldiers,” another peasant, Callous Freehand was his name, suddenly yelled.
Johann quickly calmed the crowd and declared, “Oh, but they are. In fact, they are…uh…both!”
The crowd now started smiling again and nodding their heads rapidly amongst themselves.
“Uh, they are part of the Brewmasters Unilateral Defense Detachment, uh…Light Calvary Division.” Johann proclaimed and pumped his chest twice. “Often called ‘B.U.D.D. Light’, for short.”
The crowd now muttered and grinned in a most approving way.
“Oh!” Farley cried out, “I have heard of the famous B.U.D.D. Light, for they produce an exquisite brew…golden honey in color and made in the fine pilsner tradition, a bit watery for our sophisticated European palettes, but quite a refreshing beverage when either grilling out, or enjoying a nice dip in a large, plastic, kiddy pool!”
The crowd now cheered again and started licking their lips and digging around in their pockets for bottle openers.
“When will you build your brewery? And can I get a job in quality control?” Callous vociferously asked, which nearly started a riot because everyone there wanted that particular job.
“I was a taste-tester for three years at a local oil refinery! I think that kind of experience speaks for itself!”  Garvey McNugget cried out.
“Hey, I’m drinking a flagon of battery acid, you gotta believe I know something about catching a buzz! Hire me!” Farley smuckered.
“My body-weight is nearly 89% alcohol-based, who better to test your brew-ish endeavors?!” Callous yelped.
Johann again calmed the crowd a little and smiled. “We will get to all of that very soon, but first, we must defend our town against the evil forces of …Vespius Cornswallow!” 
Johann pointed to FumbDuck, who quickly extinguished the only torch in the place, which caused a gasp of fear to rise up from the crowd. Then, Johann pulled a small jar of fireflies out of Honcho el Grande’s metal file cabinet, which he knew the priest always kept in there ― so that he could clip his toenails late at night. He placed the jar of glowing insects under his chin, which cast his face in a strange and sinister contrast of greenish light and dark shadows. He soon began to speak in an ominous voice, as if telling a creepy ghost story to a group of haggard girl scouts around a campfire:
“For, Vespius Cornswallow is quite the beer aficionado, and wishes to corner the market on all pilsner, lager, and stout varieties. He has crowned himself ‘King of the Malt Beverages’, and is busy drafting, even as we speak, a great army of keg-bellied soldiers, whose only mission is to bootleg these brewmasters and bottle them up in the amber halls of his hop-works, distilling them all into…sudsy slavery!”
The darkened crowd all gasped in horror and disbelief ― and like a Halloween choir ― all moaned: “Ooooh” ― except for Farley who went: “Oogie-boogie.”
“We must not let that happen, my friends! We must defend our right to make our own porters, or bocks, and…with the help of these fine men, make Timbrook safe for the completion of our own…micro-brewery!”
The entire place cheered and jumped in place, for they still couldn’t move much, and after FumbDuck finally relit the torch ― using a lighter he had won once in seed-spitting contest ― the congregation rapidly spilled into the rain-swept landscape outside and joyfully danced about, singing an old beer hall tune, while thunder still rolled across the sky.

“Hefty and hearty with a mild aftertaste,
Sure to keep all wine-sippers firmly in their place.
Give me six-pack and never stop the foaming flow, 
I’ll have one more round, and a pony-keg to go!

Salute! Salute! Bottoms up! Just say: ‘When!’
Keep the brews a’coming. I hope it never ever ends.
Until I’m unable to walk or at least get up again.
Harvey Wallbanger is my closest friend!

So, raise your mugs high! And give a little flick of the wrist.
Another pitcher or two and you’ll surely be pissed!
Sobriety is pro’bly something you will never truly miss,
And think of all the ugly girls you will drunkenly kiss!

Salute! Salute! Bottoms up! Just say: ‘When!’
Keep the brews a’coming. I hope it never ever ends.
Until I’m unable to talk, or at least be served again.
Harvey Wallbanger is my closest friend!

Watch your belly swell like an impregnated lass,
Don’t worry, it makes a nice shelf to hold the next glass.
And catches all the swill you spill in your merriment and mirth,
And if you drink the place dry, you can just suck on your shirt.
 
Salute! Salute! Bottoms up! Just say: ‘When!’
Keep the brews a’coming. I hope it never ever ends.
Until I’m unable to crawl or at least get beat-up again.
Harvey Wallbanger is my closest friend!”


*****

The rain was still pouring down, though most of the thunder and lightning had moved off and now lit up the eastern horizon. The streets of Fouldune were in horrible shape ― large puddles of water and deep trenches of mud made driving a cart through them nearly impossible. A horse fared better in the slop, but it was a slow, laborious trot. Walking was an absolutely dreadful chore, the mud could easily reach a man’s upper shin in some places and each step was exceptionally tiring.
Governor Gravy Acklander however, braved the elements and the condition of the road to make it to his small bistro. He took huge, cumbersome steps, before eventually making it to a line of wooden planks which were as close to a sidewalk that Fouldune had ever known. Kicking large clods of mud off his boots with every step, he bounded from porch to porch in front of the little shops that bordered the road. One of his men, Crazy-Legs, a new recruit and just entering adulthood, attempted to follow him as closely as possible, by crawling shoe-less down the same planks, occasionally looking back at his boots ― the tops of which were all that could still be seen ― stuck in the middle of the road. He looked to his left and gazed upon Fug Pugly, who was totally up to his knees in the mud and waving frantically. “I think it’s quicksand!” he yelped. “Crazy-Legs! Throw me some rope…or maybe a pith helmet!”
Gravy meanwhile, reached the door of his little restaurant and didn’t even bother cleaning his boots off any further. A little bell rang as he entered the establishment. Crowbar was standing just inside, his eyes darting madly about at even the slightest of sounds.
“Where is he?” Gravy whispered.
“Back booth,” Crowbar replied, before rushing to the window and staring suspiciously at a leaf blowing down the street.
Gravy walked deliberately to the back booth, which was slightly concealed from the rest of the bistro by a series of carved rails. The place was as dark as usual and rather dusty. 
He had won the ownership of the restaurant in a poker match, and even though the place was quite popular at the time, Gravy had no interests in continuing the business. The place slowly became a sort-of hangout for him and his men. The finely-made kitchen, with its magnificent ovens and preparation tables were only used at this time for the occasional sandwich or the slow removal of digits from a few poor souls that didn’t pay their debts on time.
The upstairs on the other hand, was where Gravy and his wife called home. Few people had actually ever seen his living quarters, but rumors flourished that it was as beautiful and extensively decorated as any king’s chamber, with lots of fine furniture and exquisite tapestries. 
Gravy slowly sat down in the booth and eyed the figure in black. His visitor didn’t say a word; he just sat there staring into a large flagon of warm ale.
“I have them,” Pitch softly said.




Chapter Nineteen: All Swell That Ends Swollen


“Where are they?” Gravy asked, slightly lifting the corners of his lips and producing an excitedly evil smile.
Pitch looked up from his flagon of ale and spoke in an almost apologetic whisper, “Close by.”
“Alive?”
“Yes.” 
Gravy leaned back and started to breathe a disbelieving laugh. He pointed at Crowbar, standing a few feet away, who hurriedly turned and ran through a back door.
“How did you ever…?” Gravy asked, but Pitch interrupted him, the dark, rain-soaked figure was heavily irritated and his voice rose considerably.
“I convinced them to return. I…I betrayed them.” He reached down and took a large drink of the ale. 
Crowbar returned with a hefty goblet. A pillow of foam dribbled off the rim. He sat it down and slowly backed away, looking nervously in every direction as he did so.
“You are a fine piece of work, Pitch, a very fine piece of…” Gravy was grinning from ear to ear. He could hardly contain his pleasure. Pitch however was not at all happy, and he interrupted the governor to blurt out:
“I want my family here. All of them.”
“Of course. A deal is a deal.” Gravy replied, still smiling.
“I want them in a wagon, with some supplies for their journey,” he demanded, as he stared deeply into Gravy’s twinkling eyes.
“As you wish. Just lead me to the Matters.”
“No.” He answered. He leaned slightly in, and sneered. “I want my family safely out of here, and far away from you.”
Gravy peered at him through one squinted eye. His expression had changed to one of suspicion. “How can I be sure…?”
“You can be damned sure!” Pitch yelled. “I have them! They are waiting for me to return. They have no idea what I’ve…done. They won’t be expecting you.”
“But…”
“But! I’m not telling you anything until my family is safely away.” He finished the ale and sat it on the table with a loud ‘thud.’ He leaned back in the booth, his movement causing the leather upholstery to crackle noisily in the dark confines of the bistro. “That’s the deal,” he said plainly, and stared with a powerful look of defiance at the governor.
Gravy smiled and took a sip of his drink. He never took his eye off of Pitch’s squinting orbs. He slowly rubbed his beard and leaned upon his elbow.
“Alright,” he said, “I’ll have your family here within an hour.”
Pitch finally took his eyes off of the governor and stared vacantly at the empty flagon.
“You will lead my men to where they are,” Gravy added. He leaned forward, until Pitch looked up, and then he whispered, “…unarmed, of course.”
Pitch sat in silence for a few seconds and nodded in agreement.
Gravy leaned back again and started laughing at full volume. “I knew you could do it! Ha! And you convinced them to return here?”
Pitch slowly got up and began to walk to the door, not acknowledging the man or his laugh, and especially not his words.
“Don’t you fear Pitch, I’ll take good care of those two, you can bet on that! Ha-ha-ha!”
He walked briskly out the door and slammed it shut amid the governor’s laughing. He slowly made his way down the wooden planks as he lifted his hood up over his head. It was still raining, but the worst of the storm was over, now it was just a constant drizzle. A crease of twilight peeked beyond the western horizon and Pitch squinted in its direction. He made his way down to a small pub and bolted inside.

*****

Anyone that has ever made it through the so called ‘dead man’s pass’, would surely tell of the magnificent view rewarded at the end of the journey. Along the lower slopes of Mount Kolas lies a small plateau that is reached by climbing the laborious trail around the base of the mountain. Once atop the plateau however, a magnificent view is available to anyone fortunate enough to make it that far. To the left is Mount Kolas, and to the right, gradually fading into the horizon is the remainder of the Allegorian range. Straight ahead is the expansive Walder landscape. Near the mountain, the area is heavily forested, but steadily turns into grassy meadows amid a predominately rocky terrain. At the edge of the horizon are the Walder Cliffs, and beyond that the dark green canopy of the distant swamplands.
Oldsmobill sat on his horse and stared out at the beautiful landscape before him. Twilight had nearly elapsed, and the storm clouds were slowly rolling away into the darkness of the eastern sky. 
The spirits of everyone in the troop was much brighter, and they each felt fortunate that they made it through the pass with only one casualty.
“Let us get off this ridge and make camp below in yonder forest.” Tim said, as he started down a rocky slope. Matty pulled his horse next to Olds and looked out upon the plain.
“Olds, you ever been to Walder?” Matty asked cheerfully.
“No, seems nice enough, though.”
“It can be,” Matty replied. He pointed to the southeast and said, “Just over that group of foothills is my family’s farm, and just a little past that is Walder Castle.”
“So, Matty…what do the people here think of their king, and Vespius?”
“Well, it’s been a while since I actually lived here, but I can say for the most part that they kind’a liked King Hector…as much as one can like a king, I guess. He brought peace and some prosperity, at least. And they had high hopes for Prince Vespius as well.” 
The two men began following the others down the trail and into the valley below. “That was before he sacked Rottweillor and Carbuckle, and the battle of Septic Meadows. But, like my brothers, when King Hector’s commanders were all killed, well, morale in the whole area dropped dramatically.”
A campfire was started at the base of the ridge, and several tents were propped up around it. The location was far enough away from any roads or settlements to keep the army well hidden, but Tim commanded his men to patrol the surrounding forest in regular shifts, just in case.
Master Bates, now wearing his normal wizard get-up, tried to produce a nice meal for the fellows, but was not having much luck.
“I think my magic wand got wet…maybe burned-out a transistor or some kind of a ‘thing-a-ma-bob’. These damn things! They’re so freaking sensitive to humidity!” he exclaimed, while shaking his wand violently in the air. With one particularly pronounced shake, he accidentally turned one of the soldiers, ObieJuan, into a large Shetland sheepdog. After teaching him to fetch, and then drying his wand upon the dog’s furry back, the conjurer promptly changed him back.
The first attempt at supper ended in thirty chickens ― quite alive and rather fast ― being unleashed upon the campsite. Several were caught and wound up being turned into appetizers, while the others scurried off into the woods.
The second attempt amounted to a diesel truck suddenly appearing, and stuffed full of frozen peas, which the men promptly turned into the soup course. They had to work fast, for the truck was due to turn into a pumpkin at exactly 9:17pm.
The third attempt created a large loaf of pumpernickel, which was covered in hot butter and bits of parsley. The men dug in, and duly labeled it the ‘bread course.’
The wizard’s final attempt resulted in a two-ton kiwi fruit. Which Master Bates declared as being ‘dessert’ and called it a night.

*****

The streets of Fouldune were still a mess and certainly no place to try and drive a wagon down, so the driver, a young man outfitted in the Fouldune police uniform, took his passengers around the main road by way of a grassy trail that ran behind the line of shops. He slowly made a ‘u-turn’ beside the Town Center Building and exited the cart, handing the reins over to a young woman who sat silent and grim next to him.
In the wagon was a smiling old man, wrapped in a large blanket and sitting against the back of the driver’s bench. Next to him was an older woman, bundled up as well and looking around with much fear and suspicion. A couple of bags of food, mainly vegetables and hard loves of stale bread, sat just inside the wagon’s tailgate.
Surrounding the wagon was a group of ten horsemen, all wearing the uniform of the governor’s law enforcement agency. Gravy stepped out of the building and leaned against the doorway, smiling and surveying the troops and the wagon. It was still lightly drizzling. The wind was chilly, and the sky now totally dark. 
Suddenly Pitch appeared ― his coal-black steed bolted out of the darkness from the north, and within seconds he was on the scene. He immediately jumped off his horse and pushed his way through the troop. He leapt onto the wagon and firmly held his sister. She started crying immediately and mumbled in his ear. She was nearly thirty, a widow already, her husband having died in the battle of Tarmac Plain. Pitch then leaned over the bench and hugged his mother, while his father, who had for some time been slowly slipping out of reality, lightly patted Pitch’s arm. He smiled at the convivial face of his father and caressed the back of his gray-haired head.
Pitch hugged his sister again and whispered in her ear. “Head north, as fast as you can. Make sure you are not being followed. Head for my farm.”
She replied a simple ‘yes’ amid her tears, and Pitch held her face in his black-gloved hands, and softly whispered:
“Take the north trail if you see anyone behind you, understand?”
“What about you?” she asked.
“I will find you as soon as I can.” He smiled and then jumped down off the wagon. Gravy still stood in the doorway, and gazed upon the whole scene with a bemused look of disinterest. Pitch suddenly slapped the wagon-horse’s hindquarters as his sister whipped the reins. They both cried out a loud ‘Harh!” And the cart pulled away and plodded down the muddy road. 
Pitch followed it on foot for a while before halting and standing in the middle of the road. He watched it disappear into the darkness. He stood a few minutes longer to see if any hiding horsemen took off from the surrounding wooded area. Once he was satisfied that he wasn’t being double-crossed, he slowly turned back towards the collection of horsemen. He began fiddling with his gloves, tightening each finger.
“Now, go get my prize!” Gravy shouted, his face stern and serious.
“No, we wait, till they are further away.” Pitch replied, almost nonchalantly. He walked up the small set of stairs in front of the governor’s office, sat down, and stared at the road.
Gravy sighed. After a few minutes, he grunted and walked back into his office.

Drops of rain still occasionally plopped into puddles ― like the last remnants of an army that didn’t quite catch up to the main force. Delores watched as the rain formed small ripples in an oval pool directly outside the door. Her eyes glanced towards the south and she resumed her watching of the little trail that disappeared into the darkness of the woods.
Clouds still covered the moon, but they were slowly thinning, and the clearing, as well as the small structures it contained, were almost totally dark. The glowing embers in the fireplace cast a faint orange glow upon the interior of the cottage and the small porch in front.
“Something’s wrong,” she declared softly. Harv rose from a small chair near the fireplace and accompanied her in the doorway. His hand softly rubbed her back. He too looked at the trail.
“Yes, I think you’re right,” he replied. His voice was full of worry.
“Almost three hours, why would he take so long?” She looked upon her husband — the fear and suspicion were quite evident in her face.
“What do you think we should do?” 
“Get our horses,” she replied without a second thought. She looked around the clearing and stepped off the tiny porch. She bit her lip and then briskly walked into the house and grabbed her cloak. “We’ll move into the forest a little…that way we’re not sitting ducks if something did happen to him.”
Harv busied himself with packing up the few utensils he had laid out. He left the pot of stew near the fire as well as a couple of bowls. “Should I leave the fire burning?” he asked.
Delores was already out the door. 
“Yes.”

The police force mumbled between themselves and occasionally laughed small, almost silent laughs. Their horses moved a little, and snorted, or stamped the wet ground with their hoofs, and breathed heavily, as if impatiently waiting in a checkout line. A few of the riders trotted their mounts over to a small spot of grass beside the Town Center Building. The men themselves whispered one to another. Occasionally, a low laugh would erupt, but it was quickly shushed or hastily disguised as a cough. A couple of the men sneezed sporadically, while another sounded as if he had the hiccups. 
They hardly looked upon the sitting figure dressed in black, for Pitch hardly moved a muscle for the last hour. He apparently just sat there, stone-faced, and staring at the road, but in all actuality, he spent the entire time carefully studying the faces, attitudes, weaponry, and movements of each of the policemen. His black hood, pulled down almost to his nose, left his eyes in shadow, and he moved those orbs rapidly about and thoroughly measured each man’s strengths and weaknesses. 
He quickly came to the realization that the Fouldune police force was much younger than most of Gravy’s previous employees. These were almost all new recruits, most of them only nineteen or twenty. The only one Pitch recognized was Fug Pugly, who had dismounted and spent the time checking his men’s saddle straps and swords. He seemed quite pleased with his new promotion, and the humiliation that had happened just a few days ago at Timbrook had not seemed to affect him adversely after he had gotten a chance to wash up and recover his wits.
Pitch heard Gravy’s heavy steps behind him. “It’s time,” he commanded. 
The former assassin agreed. His family had surely put quite a distance between themselves and the governor. He got up and strode to his horse when he heard Gravy’s voice again: “Weapons,” he said simply, and Pitch slowly turned and dutifully handed him six silver, razor-sharp, daggers. He next reached down and pulled a smaller blade from his right boot.
Pitch stood in front of him, with a look that defiantly declared, ‘I dare you,’ to Gravy, who for a moment almost did command a man to frisk the dark figure, but then thought better of it. He turned his back to Pitch as he entered the doorway and yelled out: “Fug! Go get my ransom!”

The moon broke through the thin wisps of clouds that moved steadily across the sky. It was calm and the air was crisp. Pitch slowly turned his horse onto a small trail that disappeared quickly into the woods and was followed closely by eight other riders. They slowly trotted through the darkness for some time, before Pitch stopped and whispered to Fug.
“Better tie these horses here, or they’ll hear us coming and head for the forest.”
“Hmm,” Fug Pugly replied, “You men, tie your horses here. Me and Palooka-Jim will stay in our saddles and look ominous.” 
The group all did as they were commanded, and Fug trotted up to Pitch and said, “That includes you. Get off your horse.”
Pitch nodded and dismounted, and after walking his horse over to a nearby tree, patted it a few times and strolled back towards Fug.
“How far is the house?” Fug looked down at him and asked.
“About a hundred paces or so.”
“Okay men…slowly advance.”
Pitch watched as six of the men crept down the thin trail. They wandered off of it twice and had to have Pitch’s help to get them back on the right track.
Soon, they could see the house just beyond a few trees. A glow from the fireplace emanated from the small window on the side.
“Okay,” Fug whispered. “You two, swing left a little, and you two move to the right a few steps. When you see Pitch enter the clearing, follow him in…stay spread out. Now, go.”
Pitch looked up at Fug and said: “If they are watching this trail, and see me without a horse…”
“What can they do?” Fug loudly whispered, “Come running out with a sword? My men can certainly handle a woman and a spindly fur merchant.” 
Pitch turned and looked in the direction of the small farmhouse. He tried to spot some type of movement inside, but didn’t see any. He slowly took two steps back. Fug stared intensely at the house as well, while Palooka-Jim kept a close eye on the movements of his cohorts to his left. Pitch glanced up at him for only a second, and was thankful that Jim was right-handed.
“Oww,” Pitch loudly whispered, and quickly reached down to grab his ankle. Both horsemen looked puzzled at the crouching black figure. Fug was about to question him, but in a split second, Pitch’s cloak ruffled up into the air. All Fug saw was the bright glimmer of steel. A sharp pain shot up his leg and he instinctively reached for it, but another flash of metal silenced his cry by driving between his ribs and puncturing his right lung. He quickly gasped for breath and witnessed Pitch withdrawing Palooka-Jim’s sword from his scabbard, which dangled low on his left thigh. A blurry flash of a dagger struck Jim in the ribs as well. As he hunched over in pain, he glimpsed his sword suddenly rising up and then come slashing across his neck.  
Fug fell off his horse and attempted to crawl a little in the wet leaves. He gasped for air and tried to voice some kind of sound. He heard a footstep behind him and turned just in time to see a silver blade pierce his sternum and stop his heart dead.
Pitch leaned beside the body and pulled his sword from him. He then slid the small dagger into a hidden pouch in his left boot. A small strap of leather fastened over the very end of the hilt made it appear to be nothing more than a simple brass button holding a bootstrap. Pitch started slowly creeping into the forest, heading for the two men on the left.

Harv heard him before he actually saw him. He and Delores were sitting on a fallen log and keeping an eye on the cottage, when he heard heavy steps in the leaves to his left. He and Delores quickly glanced at each other and slowly slid behind the log ― carefully backing their way behind two large tree trunks. He pulled his cloak tight around his face and slowly peered around the trunk ― and then he saw the man ― a dark figure creeping towards them. He started to breathe heavily and he felt his heart rate increase. He looked over at his wife, and in the slightest of gestures, motioned her to move back behind him.
She didn’t listen though. She put her index finger to her lips and slowly ― silently ― pulled a short rapier from a scabbard attached to her belt. She next reached down and withdrew a stiletto from her boot. Harv peeked around the other side of the tree and saw the figure crouching behind a small bush about fifteen feet in front of them. He was staring at the cottage, but occasionally darted his head toward the trail. 
Harv slowly looked around the other side of the tree and spied Delores holding up two fingers, and then pointing to her left. She then pointed her fingers at her own eyes, hoping to convey to her husband that he needed to keep his eyes peeled for any movement, but Harv had no idea what the gesture meant, and cocked his head to the side like a confused beagle pup. He leaned out a bit and looked down the tree line and suddenly saw another figure crouched behind a tree.
Suddenly a man’s cry was heard, and just as suddenly ― abruptly end. Harv peered around the tree, and the figure in front of him leaned up and stared across the clearing, before hurriedly looking to his left. As Harv leaned forward a bit, he saw the other man pointing. Soon, both men started moving forward.
Harv silently started to slip back to where he thought his wife was hiding, but he was soon given the shock of his life when her hand grasped his shoulder. Fortunately, he quickly realized that she had secretly moved right next to him or else he would have surely squealed like a boiling kettle of tea. She placed her index finger over his mouth, and stared into his eyes with a mixture of nervousness and urgency. A loud clanging of swords was then heard, and the voice of a man shouting:
“Come quick!”
Harv heard the heavy footsteps of the two men near him as they bounded out of the forest and into the sparkling, wet grass of the clearing.
“Help!” A man’s voice cried out again, followed by more clanging and clashing of steel. Harv and Delores moved around the trunk, and peered through the trees.
Just leftward of the house was a soldier of some kind in a heated sword fight with Pitch. Two other soldiers were bearing down upon them and screaming.
“Traitor!” one soldier cried out.
“Aaarrhhh!” was the extent of the other’s vocalization. 
The one fighting Pitch, having seen his two colleagues, started to gradually back away in their direction, while Pitch, also seeing the new set of opponents, held his ground bravely, but did not follow.
“Where is Fug?” the first one asked.
“Kill him!” the other replied. 
“Aaarrhhhh!” the third one screamed.
The three men grouped up and began advancing toward the lone figure in black, who ― for a second or so ― took a defensive posture, but then thought better of it, and started to run. He disappeared behind the house and yelled out:
“Harv! Delores! A little help, please!”
The couple looked at each other with matching expressions of puzzlement.
“Quit running, you scoundrel!” the first soldier shouted.
“Traitorous turncoat!” the second one seconded. 
“Aaarrhhhhh!” the third dutifully added.
Pitch soon reappeared near the barn and quickly ran inside, closing the door behind him. “Harv! Delores!” he cried out from within the barn, “Wake up!”
“Stop your whining, you villain!” a soldier shouted. The men started pushing hard upon the door, but Pitch had found a large plank and hastily propped it against the entryway. His three pursuers soon began to work together, and pushed against the door with their shoulders. The wood creaked and splintered under their combined weight.
Harv stood nervously still and had no idea what to do. Thankfully, Delores did. She grabbed him by the shoulder and they ran through the woods to the left.
“Murderous double-crosser!” one of the men yelled out. 
“Aaarrhhhh!” the third man exclaimed, not waiting for the second man to throw in his two cents.
They all three took a couple of steps back and darted for the barn door. Meanwhile, Pitch was busy escaping through a small window in the hayloft, and gingerly lifted himself onto the roof. After that, he crouched down and made his way up the triangular-shaped roof and straddled the very top. He sat down and tried to catch his breath.
The door to the barn was brought down in a cloud of broken planks and splinters, and all three men fell to the ground with the inertia of the impact. They each jumped up quickly and darted their heads around and around while searching for the assassin.
A tad puzzled, they all ran around the barn, often passing each other as they sprinted in different directions.
“Where’d he go?”
“Did you see him pass this way?”
“Aaarrhhhh!”
Next, they each took turns running in and out of the house and then back through the barn. After several minutes, one of them spotted Pitch, sitting casually on the roof of the barn and waving lightly.
“Oh, You’re a dead man!” 
“You coward! Come down and fight us!” 
“Aaarrhhhh!” 
Pitch stood up and placed his hands under his arms and proudly voiced: “Pok-pok-pok-pok-peeeawk!”
The three soldiers just stood there looking up at him and scratching their heads. 
One of them cried out: “Oh, I hear ya clucking, big chicken!”
Then, another yelped: “A-ha” and ran into the house. A few seconds later a loud sound of breaking furniture was heard, and he soon emerged with a flaming table leg.
“We’ll roast that big hen fer sure!” he exclaimed. The other men raised their swords with glee and quickly ran into the house for their own personal piece of burning wood.
“Ha-ha!” one cried, carrying a flaming rolling pin, “Let’s see ya get out of this one!”
Pitch looked around on the roof and quickly replied by chucking a stray tree limb at the one with the table leg. In the darkness, and with the close proximity of the flame causing a glare in his eyes, one can’t really blame the soldier for not seeing the projectile until it connected with his forehead. He fell in a clump almost immediately. To which Pitch replied, “Boo-ya! My odds are improving!”
The third combatant came running out of the house with a flaming broom. He waved it proudly and cried out: “Aaarrhhhh!”  He then heard a set of hoofs sloshing through the wet grass. He turned just in time to duck the slashing blade that took off the top of his fiery broomstick.
“Arh…” he timidly pouted.
Delores rapidly turned her horse and faced him again and began another run. The man threw down what was essentially nothing but a stick at that point, and held up his sword. He widened his legs and stood on the balls of his feet, just like he had been taught, and squarely faced his opponent.
Which is why he didn’t see Harv, and in fact, never even knew Harv, or anyone else, was in the vicinity until he felt the flat side of Harv’s blade connect with the back of his skull. After a few stars and chirping bluebirds filled his mind, he hit the ground like a hefty sack of potatoes falling out of a second-story window.
Harv meanwhile cursed himself, not because he had rendered the man quite unconscious, but because he was trying to slice his head clean off. Unfortunately ― or quite fortunately for the guard ― the sword Harv chose to use was far too long and heavy for him ― but it did look magnificent ― which is why he chose it in the first place. However, he could barely lift it, and when he did try to wield the cumbersome weapon, it moved through the air with all the grace and fluidity of a large sledgehammer.
Delores rode by him and yelled out, “Good shot, hon!” 
She hastily turned her horse again and stared at the lone figure in front of the barn. He was holding ― rather pitifully at that point ― a smoldering table leg, for the flame had gone out during all the commotion. He looked at the couple with nervous apprehension and then quickly glanced at his smoking stake, which he dropped fairly quickly as an embarrassed look crossed his face.
“Now, look, if you two drop yer weapons, I can put in a good word for you with Lord Acklander, and who knows…leniency is his middle name, so I’m told…and you don’t want to cause any further trou…”
A loud thump and the man fell to the ground ― resembling a marionette with its strings suddenly snipped ― leaving only Pitch standing behind him. The smiling assassin was holding a blackjack, which he always kept tucked inside in his pants…for several reasons.
“Garlo!”
“Hullo.”
Delores jumped off the horse and ran over to the figure in black ― he was just standing there as if waiting for a bus. At his feet was the unconscious body of the guard he had just bludgeoned.
“What the hell happened?” she yelled.
Pitch glanced around with a puzzled look, and then pointed to the crumpled body at his feet. “What typically happens when a man armed with a blackjack enters the scene?”
Delores stopped in her tracks and quickly turned back to look at her husband, who was busy tying up the soldier that he had disabled. She then turned back to Garlo, pointed a rigid index finger at him, and was about to say something, but instead loudly huffed and ran into the house to retrieve some duct tape.
Garlo pulled out a roll of the magnificent adhesive strip as well, for he always kept a roll inside his pants ― disguised as a kneepad. A few minutes later, the three surviving members of Gravy’s police force were securely bound and affixed to the trunk of a large tree near the barn. Luckily for Garlo and company, duct tape was often used by the previous owner of the house in his Chihuahua-breeding business ― though god knows why ― and had kept an extensive supply inside the barn.
“Maybe he, like, hung them from the ceiling or something?” Garlo volunteered, trying to explain for all the rolls of the grayish tape.
“What? Like a lamp?” Harv asked, while making laps around the tree and the three bound men lying at the base of it. 
“More like a chandelier, I would think,” Garlo replied, now making a few laps himself.
“Since when do people use Chihuahua’s as wall and ceiling décor?”
“Well, what else could they possibly be good for?” Garlo answered. “Except for perhaps scaring the daylights out of ya?” Garlo stopped in his tracks and shivered rapidly. “Little hairless buggers with their big, bulging eyes…ugh!”
Delores soon entered the area, holding a rope that led eight horses behind her. Harv finished his roll and looked upon the parade of horses and meekly said. “We’re gonna need more tape…”
Delores frowned at him. She was in no mood for jokes. She looked over at the mass of unconscious men and the miles of duct tape that was wrapped around them.
“You think those guys are going anywhere?” she sneered sarcastically.
Harv looked about nervously. “We just wanted to be sure,” he sniffled.
“Now,” Delores scowled, “Garlo, what happened? Tell me how those men knew we were here.”
Garlo quickly tucked the remaining roll of duct tape around his foot and slowly inched it up around his knee. He smiled a huge, toothy smile.
“I led them here.”
Delores quickly tied the horses to the front porch of the house. She didn’t want them to become too startled and run off, for she knew things were about to get ugly. She turned to Garlo and yelled: “What?!”
Harv glanced between the two and nibbled his fingernails.
“Well,” Garlo began, looking upward at the night sky, “After we didn’t find my family here, I rode into town and asked a close friend about where they might be, but he didn’t know, and while I crept around the back alleys and rooftops of Fouldune, I noticed something which I found to be very interesting.”
Delores rapidly tapped her foot. Her arms were crossed. Garlo waited a few seconds just for the drama to build. He slowly began walking around the couple.
“I noticed that Gravy’s men, his police force, as it were, were not quite, well, up to snuff. You see, ever since these series of unfortunate events began, his henchmen have been dwindling quite rapidly, and his recruitment of new-hires have not exactly yielded the cream of the crop…”
He came a little too close to Delores during one of his laps and she took a swing at him. “Get to the point!” she yelled.
“Well, knowing this, I felt our best plan of action was to lead them here, and take advantage of this situation.”
“And how did you accomplish that?”
“Why, by going to Gravy and telling him that I knew where you were, of course.” 
He didn’t see the rock coming.
“What?” Delores shouted at the top of her lungs, her face was red with rage, “Have you lost your mind?”
Garlo, now back upon his feet, but still a bit dazed, replied with a wave of his hand, “All’s well that ends well, I always say.”
“I think he has a point there, dear,” Harv interjected, and then resumed his fingernail biting.
“Really? And how do you expect to find your family now?” Delores asked.
“Oh, they’re on their way to Rottweillor, even as we speak. You see, I convinced Gravy to release them before I would take his men to you two.”
“How in heaven’s name did you do that?”
“Because, well, at the time I totally believed it.”
“What?”
“Garlo!” Harv yelled, his face suddenly draped with a look of disbelief, “Are you saying that you were going to betray us?”
“Well, yes.”
“Villain!” Delores snapped.
They threw various objects at him, all of which he manage to evade, though some only barely. All the while he repeatedly shouted: “All’s well that ends well! All’s well that ends well!”
Harv, sensing that they were running low on time, as well as ammo, decided it best if he and Garlo began moving the dead bodies off the road. Which Garlo eagerly agreed to do. Delores ran back into the woods to collect her and Harv’s horses, which she soon brought to the porch as well. She next began packing up the rest of their supplies and took from the soldier’s horses anything that she thought might come in handy, like a Swiss army knife that she found dangling from one of the saddles, for instance.
When the men were finished with their gruesome task, they helped Delores with the packing, and loading of the horses.
“So, you went to Gravy with the intention of actually turning us in?” she asked in a growling, cynical voice.
“Yes,” Garlo replied, but before anything could be chucked his way, he quickly continued, “Y’see, Gravy has one great attribute, the one thing that truly made him a powerful leader…his innate ability to spot a person in a lie. That’s how he became so good at poker, and ultimately led to him becoming a crime-boss. He knows…by sight…or smell…or something…when most people are lying to him, especially if he has a chance to truly study that person.”
“And?”
“And I couldn’t just go in there and tell him that I knew where you were, if I didn’t actually know, he’d spot my lie a mile away. So…I had to actually believe it, which I did.”
“But, deep down, you knew you weren’t really going to turn us in, right?”
“No, I was.”
“But, then why didn’t you?”
“Because I’m not that kind of person.”
“Okay,” Delores replied, while slapping her forehead, “I’m confused.”
“Can we, or can we not trust you?” Harv asked.
“Of course you can trust me.” Garlo smiled confidently. He slowly turned his horse and pointed the black charger toward the trail, “And you can trust me when I tell you this…you never should have trusted me.”

The three riders each grabbed the reins of an additional horse and began leading their little procession through the forest. The rest of the stallions were let loose and mingled around the farm, quietly nibbling the luscious, wet grass.
“So explain this to me again…about how you double-crossed us, but didn’t really…” Delores stared at the dark figure ahead of her.
“Look, the simple truth is that I realized, ‘why not just go to Gravy and tell him that I had you at a place where you could be easily apprehended?’ Why go all over the freaking countryside trying to find my family, when I could simply get their release by telling Gravy the truth…that I led you two back to Fouldune and into a trap.”
“Huh?” Delores yelped.
“Truth is, I probably knew that I was going to do this when I first greeted you two at the campfire that night in Carbuckle. I may not have truly known it, but deep down, I actually did.”
“So you lied to us?”
“No, I told you the truth…I just lied to myself,” he innocently smiled, which only made Delores want to hit him again. 
“So after getting you here and convincing you to trust me, I then went to Gravy and betrayed that trust, rather thoughtlessly, too, I might add.”
“Oh, my god, you are so unbelievably strange.”
“No, just brilliantly conniving. Once I had freed my family and knew they were safe, I came to realize that I wasn’t actually betraying you two, but was, in reality, betraying Gravy. Which, incidentally, made me feel good about myself again, because there for a while, I wasn’t sure.”
“Okay, so what now?” Harv shouted out, the frustration rising to flood gate levels.
“We go to town and I finish this for good,” Garlo replied. His expression suddenly grew more serious.
Delores frowned. Her nostrils flared and she spoke through tightly clenched teeth. “How? By giving us to Gravy?”
“No, well…actually I guess I could…”
“What?” She kicked her horse and rode right next to Garlo, quickly pulling out a small sword, she pointed it directly at his head. He looked over at her, and slyly smiled ― a rather brave move considering the circumstances.
“No, it wouldn’t work, “he replied, “unless one of you can come up with a good explanation as to what happened to his policemen.”
“They got lost,” Harv yodeled from the rear. Delores fumed back at her husband, causing him to grimace.
“Harv!” She spat out, “Don’t encourage him!”
“Hmm, got lost, or scared away perhaps?” Garlo replied, looking up towards the stars. “Yea…at the first sight of trouble, they turned and ran.”
“Hmm, might just buy us some time…” Harv meekly replied.
“Just so you two know,” Delores sneered, while putting her sword away. “I’m going to kick both your asses when this is all over with…”

*****

The dark and muddy streets of Fouldune were so incredibly quiet. All the shops were locked up tight, and most had closed early because of the storm. No one dared to brave the street, as its condition was still three stages past horrible. Even the bordellos around the corner were closed ― all the red lights were turned off and the workingwomen all sleeping soundly in their beds and surely dreaming of dancing sugarplums.
‘Neddie’s Pub’, just down the street from the Town Center, was closed as well. It had been booming with business since the ‘Hoof and Mouth’ burnt down, but the storm and chill of the night had kept its customers away, and ran off the few haggard guzzlers that had earlier defied the elements to get a few belts of corn whiskey before staggering home. Outside, on the little porch in front of the pub was Gnarly, sleeping soundly in a wheelbarrow, which the owner ― whose name was not Neddie, but was in fact, Teddie ― had wheeled him out with after ‘last call’. Gnarly’s mangy dog was curled up next to the wheel and slept soundly as well.
There was one lamppost still lit, the one next to the Town Center Building, but the flame flickered about, as the little reservoir of oil beneath it was slowly running dry. A couple of vagrants were sleeping in the little cell-house next to the building; cuddled up in rags and damp newspapers. Two young guards stood around by the entrance of the town center. Neither of them looked very threatening in their ill-fitting uniforms. They looked more like two teenagers playing the roles of policemen. They mumbled to each other and played ‘rock-paper-scissors’ to bide the time. Their shift would be over in less than an hour, or sooner, if the patrol the governor had sent out earlier would hurry up and return.
They unexpectedly heard a slight commotion down the street, which sounded somewhat like a cat rummaging in a garbage can, but Fouldune didn’t have any garbage cans ― just a few barrels, and crates ― for who in their right mind would waste a few good pieces of metal to construct a can that you’d put garbage in?
Suddenly a shriek was heard, and the two men took a couple of steps forward and curiously stared down the street. Then, from out of an alley, bolted a young woman, wearing a white shirt, and a black skirt, which strangely enough, actually appeared to be a dark cloak tied in a huge knot around her waist. Underneath the skirt was what seemed to be dark leather pants and knee-high boots. She trudged quickly through the muddy street and screamed out:
“Help! This vile…villain is chasing me!” She then fell face first in the mud. 
“What the hell?” The taller guard whispered to the other. They both stood under the streetlight and peered down the muddy road with perplexed looks upon their faces.
The woman got up and tried wiping the sludge from the front of her blouse. She began to curse a little, and seemed to actually whisper something, but the guards couldn’t be sure. She promptly pointed behind her and started shouting again.
“Oh, help! For my pursuer is very fast and…quite…villainous! Help!” 
She began lumbering once more through the mud. Her hands motioned around in the air as if to express something to the effect of “God, what a stupid idea…”
She shrieked loudly again for good measure. She soon disappeared down an alley, but the smaller guard could have sworn he saw her head peek back out between the buildings before squealing again.
“Help! I’m bound to be ravaged! Help!”
The guards just looked at each other before slowly turning their faces back down the street, where they spied a rather thin man wearing a black, hooded cloak. His elbow was menacingly poised straight out from his nose and concealed his mouth and jaw with the dark shroud.
“Ha-Ha!” he laughed in a most sinister of fashion, as he made his way across the road. “I shall have you for my own, fair damsel!”
He too, then fell in the mud, but quickly got up and looked directly at the guards. “And no one…not even those two spineless sentinels…can stop me! Ha-ha!” He bellowed. 
He then methodically proceeded across the muddy road and disappeared into the same alley.
The two guards simply looked at each other with befuddled expressions. 
“Was that Dick Dastardly?” 
“Or, maybe…Dracula.” 
The crisp air was broken by the shrill cry of the woman who screamed: “Oh, won’t someone help me! This scoundrel will surely have his way with me!”
The man’s voice cried out next: “Ha-ha! Fair virgin! Marry me…or I shall kick your sick grandmother out into the streets!”
At which point it sounded like the man was brutally struck on the head, for he loudly squeaked, but the guards didn’t actually hear much after the word: ‘virgin.’
“Virgin?” they both gasped, and excitedly glared at one another, for virgins were mighty rare in them parts. In fact, most believed the species had gone extinct ages ago due to lax moral standards and rampant local de-forestation. They began running down the planks along the front of the shops, anxious just to see what one actually looked like.
“Help!” the woman screamed again, before poking her head around the corner. When she saw the guards coming her way, she yelped and darted back into the darkness.

No one noticed the dark figure emerging from the shadows and creeping around the side of the Town Center Building. The two vagrants still snored inside the cellblock, while the two guards were, by now, in the alley and fervently searching for the virgin and her pursuer. 
The man slowly crept up the stairs, barely making even the slightest of sounds, which took a lot of skill considering that he was wearing boots. He blended in with the shadow of the building, and even a passer-by would have been hard-pressed to notice him. But, there was a reason people had nicknamed him ‘Pitch’, and it wasn’t because of his singing abilities.
He stood in the doorway and looked in to see Governor Gravy Acklander sleeping in a chair behind his desk. He was snoring loudly. His head back and mouth wide open, his legs sprawled out in front of him and his arms draped over the armrest. His meaty hands nearly touched the floor.
Pitch slightly smiled and entered the darkened room, while slowly sliding a dagger out of his sleeve.

*****

The demise of Governor Gravy Acklander came to most residents of Fouldune as a bit of a letdown. They thought for sure that he would die in the middle of the street during some wild knife fight, or brutally cut down during a murderous rampage, or perhaps be decimated by some rare and exotic venereal disease. When they heard that he his throat was cut while sleeping in his office, most grimaced, thinking that a man responsible for so much bloodshed and abuse in his life surely had a more prolonged and tortuous death coming to him.
Even Pitch had thought this, while he crept up to the governor’s slumbering figure. In fact, it was his deep belief that Gravy would somehow find a way to kill him as well. During the entire ride that night toward Fouldune, while Harv and Delores planned their diversion, he could only think of how he would never live to see another sunrise, or his wife’s smiling face, or his daughter grow up to be a beautiful woman.
He knew he was going to kill Gravy Acklander — that much he was sure of — but he thought he would die as well in doing so. Somehow, Gravy would get him. The old slug would pull a hidden dagger out and slice a major artery in his thigh perhaps, or through his abdomen, or perhaps one of his men would burst in and finish Pitch off. He was quite sure that both of their deaths would forever be horribly entwined. 
It only made sense to Pitch. That would be his final act. His last debt to society would be paid and the sins of his past would be fully redeemed. He saw himself, lying in the street, slowly dying, and seeing Harv and Delores kneeling over his bloodied body. He would look up at them and softly smile, gasping — as he uttered his final words: “It is…finished.”
Harv and Delores could go back to their son and never have to worry about Gravy Acklander again, he had freed them, and his own family could go on living, and growing old, he had freed them as well. But, ‘our sins must be paid,’ he thought, ‘they can be forgiven, but not allowed to go unpunished.’ He had been a killer for Acklander for many years, and now he would at last pay for those horrendous crimes.
But, that’s not how it worked out. 
Pitch stood over the sleeping hulk and silently raised his knife. He fully expected him to wake up. He even hesitated before committing the dead, and waited for the inevitable. Soon, the blade was at his neck, and still, Pitch waited. It was only appropriate that Gravy would wake up at that point, but he didn’t. 
Only after the blade had slid across his fleshy neck did Gravy awaken, and then for only a few seconds. He gasped and his eyes widened. His hands reached for his throat, as large gushes of blood spurted out, straight from his pumping heart. He looked around a little in total wide-eyed shock, but Pitch didn’t think he ever actually saw the man that killed him, or truly comprehended what was happening to him. His face grew very pale, very fast, as the blood from his head emptied out onto the floor. An exhale of air from his lungs splattered blood everywhere, but as those organs instinctively inhaled again, all that filled their sacs was the crimson liquid that seemed to be everywhere now.
Eventually, the imposing figure of Gravy Acklander stopped moving. Pitch coolly stood there waiting, but everything was quiet and still. The only sound he heard was that of a steady stream of liquid dripping onto the floor, and the chirping of crickets. 
He slowly crept back out the doorway, looked down the street, and with a wave of his black cloak, he was gone.

Everyone in Fouldune cared about the death of Gravy, but at the same time, they didn’t seem to care at all. The two guards didn’t even realize what had happened until they walked into the office to see if they could clock-out and go home. They told their story to Sergeant Woolsely, but he was the only official they ever talked to about it, and they didn’t even mention the nature of the disturbance that drew them away in the first place. They told their story plenty of times in the local pubs for many years to come, but they had no idea who actually committed the crime.
The next day, the two guards, like the other few men that worked for the governor, resigned from the force, and resumed their lives. They never had a stake in his business, and never really wanted to be a policeman, or even a guard. Gravy forced them into it because they owed him money, or had been arrested. They, like everyone else, were happy to see his time on this planet, and in charge of the Fouldune region, abruptly come to an end.
The three officers that had been bound at the Lunge farm finally escaped two days later, when a small rain shower loosened the adhesive on the duct tape enough for them to wiggle out. They all made it to town safely, and quickly resigned as well. No one representing the Cornswallow kingdom ever asked them about that night, though it was common knowledge around town, for they told everyone that wanted to hear about it, for the price of a glass of ale, or a few chips in a poker game. Each time the men spoke of those events, the details became wilder and wilder. At first it was two men and a woman, within six weeks it was twenty men and five muscular women, a year later, it was damn near the entire population of Sweden.
Mrs. Acklander tried to persuade the proper authorities to look into the cause of her husband’s death, but her requests all fell on deaf ears. There was far too much going on and a new governor would not be installed for many months afterward. Fouldune became a city without a police force of any kind, except for a few of the Cornswallow Royal Guard that were temporarily stationed there. A group of citizens, led by none other than Kasper Kunningham took over as a policing force later on, though a red armband was the closest thing they came to any type of official uniform. 
In other less stressful times, the death of a regional governor would have meant quite a lot to the Cornswallow Royal Court, but because of the timing, and to a further extent, due to it being Gravy Acklander, the death caused barely a ripple. In actual fact, Crown Prince Vespius was thrilled by the news and even offered the culprit, if ever found, a large bag of gold, a plot of land, and a “Good Citizen” medal for making the kingdom a far better place. However, he never made this reward public upon the advice of his ministers.
Governor Gravy Acklander only served his post for thirteen days, and though his ruthlessness was often spoke of, his legacy soon faded. Within a few years hardly anyone could even remember his name and he left no lasting mark upon the town.
Mrs. Acklander moved away from Fouldune a few months later. The townspeople were amazed at the luxurious furnishings that were taken from the Acklander home and loaded into four wagons. No one could believe that such a bloodthirsty man as Gravy, could ever possibly own such fine and delicate furnishings and home décor. Beautiful, intricate tapestries and paintings, finely crafted vases and authentic Grecian urns and Roman sculptures, all passed by the unbelieving eyes of the gathered townsfolk.
About halfway to Valdorlok, her wagon train was ambushed by a large gang of outlaws, who took everything she owned, leaving Mrs. Acklander in the road wearing only a tightly drawn corset and a pair of white petticoats. 
She walked the rest of the way to Valdorlok, and spent the rest of her days as a cleaning woman for a local diplomat and his large family of spoiled brats.
To all who lived in Fouldune, it seemed almost like justice.

*****

“That was probably the dumbest thing I’ve ever done!” Delores exclaimed. She got off her horse and untied the cloak from around her waist, brushed some of the mud off, and then put it back on in the more conventional manner. She glared up at Harv.
“We got their attention,” he replied.
“And a face full of mud.” She barked, but started to laugh unexpectedly as she climbed back upon her mount.
Harv looked back down the road toward Fouldune. They were parked at the crossroads. To their left was the entrance to the ‘road to nowhere.’ Hearing the hoofs of an approaching horse, he slowly led his steed into the woods, followed quickly by Delores.
“It’s Garlo,” he said softly.
“Hey?” Garlo loudly whispered.
“Over here!” Harv replied. The couple trotted back onto the road.
“It is finished,” he said plainly, “Gravy’s dead.”
“Anyone see you?” Delores asked.
“Not a soul. Great job on the diversion…though, my advice is don’t give up the day jobs for a career in the theatre.” Garlo then laughed. He finally felt good for the first time in the last few days. He sighed heavily, as if a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders.
“All’s well that ends well, I guess,” Harv said, though not quite as happy as Garlo.
“You two need not worry anymore. No one will take much interest in Gravy’s death.”
“How can you be so sure?” Delores asked derisively.
“Because anyone that had a stake in his business is dead. He has no more friends of any consequence. Not any that’s gonna look very hard for his killer.”
“What about Cornswallow?” Harv asked.
“Naw, Gravy was just promoted because he was in charge of everything anyway. There’s no real loyalty there.”
Delores breathed loudly, “You seem pretty sure of all this, Garlo.”
“Our debts have been paid,” he answered, while several gallons of confidence poured out of his ears.
“We’re heading home now?” Delores asked.
Garlo looked up and down the road and said, “Let’s head down toward Timbrook and stay off the main road.”
She sneered, “You don’t sound so sure now.” 
“Those two guards may come after us, perhaps the Royal Guard stationed there may search a little, but they won’t concern themselves about this for long,” he said defiantly, “Better safe than sorry.”
“Oh, it’s about time you started thinking that way,” she growled. She turned her horse toward the dark little side road. The three began trotting at a steady pace while breathing a heavy sigh of relief as their moods slightly lightened.
“There’s a trail by Timbrook that’ll take us north of Carbuckle. It’s not dangerous, but we shouldn’t try it at night. It’s just a very thin line through the swamps.”
“Are you suggesting that we rest in Timbrook?”
“Hell no! They’ll eat our horses for sure! No, we’ll camp in the woods on down the road. No fire though, so bundle up.”

*****

The light flickered in the room as the old man zealously wrote upon the parchment. His eyes closed tightly between each word as the visions swirled around inside his mind.

“I heard their steps. I heard their muffled cries…so familiar…

I saw them dying in the glow of the torchlight, and the shadows of their killers as they passed through the hall to the door. I have seen this vision so many times…so many…I believe I have come to understand what it means…
Their swords glisten in the orange glow…drops of blood splash on the floor…a muffled cry...silenced by a gloved hand as the blade drives deep inside the body…they crumble…they fall…
Two clumps that used to have life are now slowly draining their crimson liquid into the cracks of the stone tile…footsteps splattering through the thin streams…drops of blood staining the black leather…
I have seen it all before…
I see the door and the shadows rising upon it…I hear the fumbling of keys and finally the sound of a lock being opened…I know what this is…I have seen it a hundred times…I know what happens next…”

The large wooden door creaked open slowly. In the archway stood three dark figures, each holding swords dripping with blood. Bishop Lamprey didn’t notice them. He didn’t hear them come in. But, yet, he saw them, from a distance, and heard them, as if listening from outside of the room. At their feet was a trail of red footsteps, which led to the two lifeless guards that they had left in their wake. He recognized the two dead men, but he couldn’t be sure from where or when he had seen them. Were they from some future time? Or from the past?  Were they involved in a plot to kill a king centuries from now, or actors in a historical dramatization? Perhaps they were the men that fed him and frequently removed his chamber pot? He couldn’t be sure.
He then saw one of their killers, the one in the middle, the tallest one, slowly step into the room.

“I know what happens next…the tallest man steps forward…towards the old man at the desk…the old man who is writing…
I know…he is familiar to me…I know the old man, I have seen his face, I have seen his room, the desk he is at…I know what happens next…”

General Reaver looked down at Bishop Lamprey. He slowly smiled at the old man who was so busy writing that he was completely oblivious to the general’s presence. He looked over Lamprey’s shoulder, to get a glimpse of what the elderly man was writing.

“The tall man looks over the old man’s shoulder…as if trying to read what he is writing…why does the old man not see him? Why does he not acknowledge his presence? Who is he?
 I know what happens next…I have seen it, but yet I cannot warn him…I have seen so many things…why is this vision repeated so often? Why can’t I remember who the old man is? I know his name…I know his name…
Next, the tall man speaks…yes, I have heard him say it a hundred times before…right at this point…right now…right now…”

“Bishop Lamprey.” General Reaver whispered.

“Bishop Lamprey,” he whispers to the old man…I know your name I know who you are…I remember that name…I remember…

“I know that name…” The old man muttered. He looked up only for a second, before resuming his writing. General Reaver smirked and looked back at his two colleagues who were still standing in the doorway. He turned back around and slowly began to lift his sword. 
Bishop Lamprey started writing at an excited pace, trying his best to get all that he saw within his mind down upon the paper. He knew that he must hurry, but he wasn’t quite sure why. His eyes widened, his writing became larger and more scrawled. Large letters turned into loops of charcoal upon the page. He began to sweat. His mouth slowly opened and a low moan started to crawl out of his throat, slowly it rose as each word he wrote became larger and larger.

“The sword rises. The old man begins to moan. The moan turns into a scream. His hand moves rapidly upon the page until the words become only large, deep strokes of charcoal…blending into one another…the visions…the visions are blending as well…they echo and leave trails and repeat over and over…over and over…
I am seeing so many things now…it is all a huge ball…every moment, every thought, every atom…every thing…it is all together now and I can see…everything! 
Yes, of course, the stone is more than just about time…it is a record of the universe. It is not about history…it is the history… 
I can see how it all works now…
I can see how the darkness and light are actually one in the same, just like the past and the future. Just like every living thing. Just like every electron and neutron. Stars and moons. Galaxies and atoms. 
Just like time, it all exists in a single moment that lasts trillions of years. The mechanism…that makes the machine…that produces the…yes! 
Yes! I see it all now…
I see the man writing all this down…Yes! Write it all down…it must be told…
I try shouting to him, but he cannot hear me…write it all down…I know what happens next…I have seen it a thousand times…
I know who the old man is…I know what happens next…
I know what happens next!
I know who you are!
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE!”

The bishop screamed, “I know who you are! I know who you are!” 
General Reaver hesitated, his sword was poised directly out from him, as he looked down upon the old man who violently shuddered and jerked ― his entire body started convulsing ― while his hands viciously struck the page repeatedly, leaving large gouges of rough, black lines upon the tan document.

“I…I…KNOW…YOU…”

“I know you!” He cried out again. General Reaver’s eyes narrowed, his muscles tightened as he began to bring the sword around. Lamprey was now screaming at the top of his lungs. His hand made several strokes upon the page, but only he could understand what he had inscribed; only he could make out what the violent marks represented.

“YOU…ARE…”

“Everythi…” he screamed, as the sword cut through the back of his neck and prematurely ended his last utterance. An empty gasp of air exited and dispersed into the damp atmosphere of the cell, as his head fell forward and rolled across the documents. His hand jerked open and dropped the small piece of charcoal. His body continued to spasm, but each ripple of movement grew less and less in intensity, until finally, he was totally still.
General Reaver used the flat side of his sword to push the bishop’s head off of the table. After spending a few seconds to admire his handiwork, he began collecting all of the papers that littered the small stone chamber.




Chapter Twenty: The Queen with the Cucumber Eyes


It is said by many that Queen Saline Delacroix is not only the undisputed ruler of Valdorlok, but the living embodiment of the great city as well. Much like her, the municipality is stately and graceful, tall and seductive, austere and dazzling. It is the most beautiful city in the region, and some might even say, the world. It was built on the side of Mount Valdorlok, and overlooks an expansive valley to the north, the Mea Culpa River to the east, and the mountainous terrain of the Ashen Mountains to the west. 
The site was long ago realized for its strategic importance, and has been increasingly fortified over the years to become an almost impregnable fortress. Even the longest of sieges have proved to be ineffective, for the rich farmlands of the north are well protected, and fairly self-sufficient; able to produce plenty of food and other products even if a powerful army surrounds the city’s outer walls. 
The fruitful northern valley is protected by a couple of long, thin, plateaus, which stretch out like two fingers, one runs alongside the Mea Culpa, while the other moves northwestward for a ways, and then curves back north. These two ridges make for a massive, natural rock wall and were long ago fortified with a stone partition that was constructed upon the tops of these ridges, with several squatty towers built all along its length.
At the end of the canyon is the great northern gate ― immense in its width and height ― it overlooks the Northern Bridge. The gate’s drawbridge completes the defensive enhancements of the expanse. With the drawbridge up, an opposing army has to cross the Mea Culpa and then extend their ladders high upon the sides of the cliff face. They then must scale the barrier of the gate itself while under constant bombardment by the defending forces. It has proven to be an impossible task for even the most powerful of armies.
Queen Saline Delacroix’s father, King Pavlov Delacroix, was an expert negotiator, once conning a passing band of nomadic Celts out of their lunch money and colored hosiery in exchange for a handful of ‘magic’ jelly beans and a bucket full of bee’s knees. He was also quite a diplomat in his younger days and negotiated with the other two powerful rulers in the area, King Piddy the Fair of Allegoria and King Hector Cornswallow of Walder, into an alliance that brought peace, prosperity and open trade between the kingdoms.
However, the days of peace brought with it complacency on the part of King Pavlov’s rule. He neglected his army and forced many of his soldiers to enroll in the rigorous liberal arts courses he had initiated at the local University of Valdorlok, causing many a former warrior to be seen wandering the streets of the city at night and contemplating ‘logical positivism’ ― often mumbling to themselves and walking into lampposts.
He kept some of his army together in fear of the yearly attacks upon the North Bridge by the numerous tribes and clans from the north. King Jolias Gladbottom of the Andestas and Ferdinand Rasputin of the Eastern Steppe High-Steppers were his most persistent foes.
With each passing year, the Valdorlok army grew weaker and weaker, relying upon the splendid defenses of the city to protect the inhabitants. King Pavlov grew old, and after his wife’s death, began to become a recluse, ignoring the excitement of leadership and preferring instead to stay secluded in his castle’s highest tower. It was there that he would lounge around naked, eating lots of figs and playing Parcheesi with imported slave girls from the Far East.
At the ripe old age of eighty-three he succumbed to a bad case of dysentery, leaving his oldest daughter, Princess Saline, to take charge of his floundering city.
The overwhelming bureaucracy, as well as the sudden influx of out-of-work slave girls, made her reign initially very difficult. However, she persevered, and began the slow, arduous task of rebuilding Valdorlok’s army, as well as its defensive fortifications, just as the war between the houses of Cornswallow and King Piddy erupted.
She remained neutral in the conflicts that followed, but this proved very costly, for as a young child, her father had promised Hector Cornswallow that she would wed his son, Crown Prince Vespius upon her twentieth birthday. Both kings felt that this communion was essential for lasting peace in the Mea Culpa Valley, and that an heir would not only unify both powerful families, but could also concentrate all of the area’s military might in defense of the valley. However, Queen Saline’s lack of support for the Cornswallow regime during its war with King Piddy the Fair made for quite a bit of suspicion and outrage, and once King Piddy was defeated, and all of the Mea Culpa Valley came under Cornswallow control, this indignation grew even more.
As Queen Saline neared her twentieth birthday, rumors abounded that she might break off the engagement. This irked Vespius greatly, and he made quite clear, through his envoys and diplomats, that if this came to pass, he would most certainly attack Valdorlok with every man at his waste disposal. 
And the city, still well fortified and powerful, but lacking the necessary men to properly defend such an attack, would probably fall, for the Cornswallow regime had used the preceding years to assemble a great military, and their army was well-trained and well-supplied. The real fear for the residents of Valdorlok, and most especially, Queen Saline, was that Cornswallow would attack from the east, while the Andestas or another similar northern tribe attacked from the north. The young queen knew that there was no way they could hold off such a simultaneous offensive to her city’s defenses, and the great metropolis would fall, and with it all of the Mea Culpa Valley, with barely a whimper.

On this particular day, Queen Saline was thinking of such things as well as some of her other responsibilities while lounging on a large, white chair with a thin slice of cucumber lying upon each of her eyes. 
A layer of light-green mud, infused with various herbs and aloes, covered her face, while several rollers were wound tightly in her golden hair. At each of her hands was a maiden dutifully laboring: on her left, a young girl was applying a polish comprised of ground pearl and lacquer to her nails, and on the right, another fair maiden delicately trimmed her cuticles. She had two more young women working upon her feet. One was massaging several types of oil and creams upon the left foot, while another was using a large grindstone to rub the thin layer of rough, dead skin off the sole of the other.
The queen’s body was wrapped from her neck to her wrists, and down to her ankles, with several layers of damp gauze that had been saturated with numerous herbs, exfoliates, moisturizers and water softeners. The entire room was filled with the comforting aromas of lilac oil and lanolin. 
She looked somewhat like a large mummy, being prepared for the afterlife by a group of fastidious hair stylists and cosmetologists.
Another maiden approached and slowly leaned over the queen with a drink incased in a cocoanut. She whispered to her majesty as a small straw was lightly introduced to her lips. After a sip, the queen smiled faintly and sighed. The drink was gently placed upon a small folding table by the queen’s shoulders. A long, bendable straw jutted from the cocoanut and was bent toward her lips.
Two more maidens entered the room, and bowed, as was customary whenever one entered her presence, but she of course, didn’t see them with the cucumber slices covering her eyes. 
“Princess Saline?” one whispered loudly, not sure if she was asleep or not.
“Yes.”
“M’lady, Matilda LeMarr is here to see you.”
Princess Saline raised her right index finger ever so slightly. “Please show her in.”
A few minutes later, Matilda entered. She was wearing her black dress with a red scarf and matching pumps — her power outfit — as she had just come from her office in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Other Mumbo Jumbo.
“My Queen,” she proudly said, while deeply curtseying in front of the prone, mummified debutante. 
Queen Saline soon excused all the maidens from the room, except for Matilda and the queen’ s chief advisor, a stone-faced woman by the name of Abigail Lucci. 
“Matilda, my dear, do sit down, I have some news for you,” Saline replied. She took another sip from the cocoanut and smiled as best as she could beneath the crusty, greenish paste. “Listen…an envoy in Rottweillor has returned, and unfortunately has been unable to locate that Oldsmobill fellow.”
Matilda slowly sat in a plush red-velvet chair that was placed directly in front of Queen Saline’s prone body. “Hmm…,” Matilda hummed despondently. 
“We don’t know what happened to him, if he left town or is simply in hiding. However, dear, I have been informed that he is definitely not in Prince Vespius’ custody, at least not in Rottweillor anyway.”
Matilda, trying her best to be cheerful, answered, “I suppose that is good news…” 
“But, I have more news, and perhaps you can help me with this.” Queen Saline lifted her head slightly, and spoke simply. “I have just received word that a rebellion of some sort has broken out in a small burg called Timbrook…does that name ring a bell?”
Matilda rubbed her fingertips together and looked about the room a second. “Yes. It is outside Fouldune.”
Saline smiled. “Didn’t you mention that your Oldsmobill had come from there?”
After a small sigh, Matilda answered, “No, he is from Pooch, however, he had been to Timbrook recently, and…if memory serves me…had met a comrade there…I can’t remember that fellow’s name, though.”
“Well, let me ask you, do you believe that Oldsmobill could be connected with this uprising in Timbrook?”
Matilda slumped her shoulders and leaned her head upon her hand. Her eyebrows lifted as she replied hesitantly. “I can’t say for sure.”
“Hmm,” the queen breathed deeply, “When I heard the news, I remembered what you had told me of him, and I thought perhaps the connection between Oldsmobill and Timbrook was a little stronger.”
“Sorry, m’lady. I know he had been there and that he met a traveling companion there, but I don’t think he said anything more about the place.”
“Nothing about starting a rebellion, or insurrection there?”
“No, m’lady.”
Abigail stepped forward and leaned upon a marble statue of Aphrodite. Her dark hair was braided into a large Sumerian-like topknot, with several strands lightly reaching down to her shoulders. Her face was fairly flat, and quite ashen. Her dark eyebrows were expertly trimmed into two thin, angled lines darting away from her dark eyes. She had a somewhat porcelain appearance to her face, with a dull shine exhibiting from her cheekbones, chin, and nose. She crossed her arms and curled her lips downward. “If I may…” she whispered in a light, but firm voice, “could you explain again what exactly this…quest…of his entailed?” The derisive tone of her voice, even in a whisper, was quite evident.
Matilda glanced over at her with a look that would have made even hardened criminals shudder. Abigail however, only smiled slightly.
“His quest involved building a stronghold of sorts at Timbrook.” Matilda nodded slowly and looked back to her majesty’s figure. “I don’t know if that included some type of…insurrection.”
Queen Saline then asked, “Is he raising an army there?”
Matilda looked down upon the marble floor. “I don’t know,” She somberly replied. 
Abigail next stated, “Well…it has also come to our attention that the governor of the Fouldune territory has been brutally murdered…as was most of his police force. Our contacts there thought that these deaths might have some connection with the trouble in Timbrook…any ideas on that matter?”
“Oldsmobill did pass through Fouldune on his way to Carbuckle, that I remember, but he said nothing about the governor there or his men.”
“It appears that wherever this Oldsmobill goes, trouble soon follows.” Abigail cynically uttered, adding a low grunt at the end for emphasis. She slowly began pacing  around the room, her thin, pale fingers now placed under her chin as if in prayer. “Perhaps he is an agent provocateur…working for unknown hostiles in Allegoria…or possibly, he is actually working with Vespius, getting rid of the crown prince’s enemies, or starting…fires…that the crown prince will brutally extinguish.”
Matilda gasped, then covered her mouth with her hand. “No,” she stated firmly, shaking her head to emphasize her words, “He knew Vespius couldn’t be trusted.”
“Perhaps…” Abigail added coolly. “I am only putting forth a proposition.” 
“And what are you saying?” Princess Saline demanded.
“Only what I have learned from Matilda, that Oldsmobill was a guest of Prince Vespius at Rottweillor castle and that he had passed through Timbrook and Fouldune. We now know that something is going on in those two towns, and …he…cannot be found. If…if…he is in league with Vespius, and starting some type of trouble, Vespius will have no recourse but to send an army westward…toward Timbrook and Fouldune…and, subsequently, closer to Valdorlok itself.”
The room grew quiet for several seconds as each lady pondered the implications of Abigail’s proposition. Queen Saline moved slightly, stretching a few muscles that had become uncomfortable with her prolonged reclining position. “Yes, but why would Vespius allow him to know of his poisoning of his father, and why would Oldsmobill tell Matilda such a thing?”
Matilda leaned forward in the chair, bracing her chin lightly upon her knuckles. “Oldsmobill is not in league with Vespius,” she stated plainly. “His quest was given to him by powerful, and somewhat unnatural forces in Allegoria. It has something to do with the Vision Stone, but…I don’t even think he truly knows how all of this is connected.”
Abigail stood next to the queen and studied Matilda’s expression. She then sighed loudly and whispered, “That makes him dangerous.”
Matilda’s eyes began to thin; a look of anger started to drift across her face as her mouth opened slightly to expose her gritting teeth. “Dangerous…to us?”
“Yes, for if even Oldsmobill doesn’t know what will happen, how can we be sure that he is working in the queen’s best interest?”
“Rebelling against Vespius is proof enough that he is our ally.” Matilda gasped.
Abigail spoke louder now, “Any insurrection, rebellion or military force that is gathered that close to Valdorlok is a cause for concern, for he may be fighting against Vespius today…but who can say he wouldn’t turn his forces against us tomorrow?”
“A quest that involves building a stronghold in Timbrook, I feel, is cause for some concern,” Saline said, “But, all of our suppositions on this matter are meaningless…for we need more information about what exactly is going on in the Fouldune region, before we can respond properly.”
Abigail looked away from the two and glanced out the large balcony beyond. The ivory towers of the nearby monastery seemed to glow in the sun as several monks hoisted the Valdorlokian flag up the spire. The banner unfurled majestically in the slight breeze.  
Queen Saline soberly declared, “The wedding is to take place in a month…that’s not a lot of time to plan our strategies.” 
She then loudly groaned and lifted her arms, slowly and gently removing the cucumber slices from atop her eyelids, and tossing them into a small dish next to her drink. Her eyes fluttered open and her emerald green pupils slowly adjusted to the light. 
Matilda looked upon her queen and wondered how she was able to remain so calm and serene with the future of her city, and possibly with her own life, at stake. “My queen, do you believe what Oldsmobill said he found in the king’s royal chamber?”
Saline pursed her lips slightly. She breathed deep. “Yes.”
“He is slowly murdering his father. My lady, he will surely bring harm to you as well.” Matilda bit her lip and bowed her head. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have…” 
“No, Matilda, do not apologize. I know how much you care for not only my welfare, but also that of my…our…people as well.” Saline lifted a hand upward, and raised her head slightly, looking directly at Matilda. “I believe you, and trust your judgment enough to believe this Oldsmobill and what he says he discovered in Rottweillor castle. I believe you now, just as I believed you when you first told me of these discoveries.”
Matilda looked thoughtfully upon the seemingly tranquil eyes of her sovereign and slowly began to lean back into the chair. She crossed her hands upon her lap and breathed nervously. Abigail turned away from the balcony and looked upon both with a concerned, but nervous expression. She lightly bit the corner of her lip.
“However, Tildy, old friend, the simple truth is this…I have no choice in whether or not I marry that scoundrel,” Queen Saline added. She smiled faintly, apparently surprised by how easy it was for her to disparage her own fiancé.
“But, m’lady…”
“This is my lot, I’m afraid, and except for preparing as best as I can to counter the crown prince’s obvious lust for power, the fact is this…if I retract my hand from this marriage, he will most certainly attack Valdorlok.”
“But, m’lady, we can oppose him and…”
“Tildy, you know that our army is ill-equipped, weak, and few in number. We cannot hold out against his war machine for long.” 
“We can recruit more men!” Matilda stood up slightly, her fingers dug into the arms of the chair. She then tightly curled her lips inward, somewhat ashamed at losing her control in front of her queen.
Abigail groaned disapprovingly, but Queen Saline smiled at her old friend. She knew Matilda quite well, and had been waiting for the outburst since she had entered the room.
“My father,” Queen Saline calmly whispered, “was a great man. Everyone that lives in this region owes him for the peace that he and Hector helped to orchestrate.  My pre-arranged marriage to Vespius was a vital part of their arrangement. However, my father relied far too much upon the defenses that our location has provided. It is his one failure.”
“Not enough resources were put into armor and sword making, and most of the qualified blacksmiths we have come from other lands. Our military technologies wane behind our adversaries,” Abigail added.
“We have people…people that will fight for our autonomy,” Matilda defiantly proposed. “They will fight for you, my queen. You need only to ask.”
“Perhaps,” Saline breathed resignedly, “And we may have to call upon them if the situation worsens.”
“Surely, there is more that we can do now, to avoid that,” Matilda asked, her frustration growing. 
Saline leaned her head a little to the right and whispered, “Abigail?”
To which her assistant glanced quickly around the room before focusing her eyes intently upon Matilda. 
Abigail faintly smiled, and replied in a staid, but somewhat detached tone of voice. “Well, actually, we are planning something…” 

*****

The morning sun was just barely making its presence known, producing a slight crease of light upon the eastern horizon. Johann and FumbDuck were already up and eating a small breakfast of stale cornbread and bruised krunchberries. 
“I sure miss that wizard and his personal catering service,” FumbDuck said, his face twisted with displeasure.
“Well, there’s plenty of horseflesh available inside the church…that is, if you like your meat cured, pickled, salted, or dried…enough to hold us over for a few days,” Johann brightly replied, while steeping the pot of tea he was making over a little fire.
“Hmmpf!” FumbDuck grunted, “I can’t rightly eat horsemeat and feel comfortable riding upon one. When I start riding a hog, I’m sure I’ll feel the same way about pork.”
“We’ll see what we can scrounge up,” Johann plainly stated, as he poured each of them a cup of the hot liquid. FumbDuck wrinkled his lips and dared not to think about the types of foodstuffs one would actually ‘scrounge up’. 
The two men had decided to sleep outside, as did most of the other Scumbags, for even though the townspeople had promised not to harm their horses, they slept easier staying close to their steeds in case any of the savages happened to change their minds. 
A few plans were discussed the night before after the reverie died had down a little and the rain finally stopped. Johann, FumbDuck and Honcho el Grande began working on tactics for the upcoming battle and how best to support the town’s natural defenses. 
It was decided by the men that preparations should begin immediately, for time was of the essence. Management over the urgent measures needed was duly prescribed, and a plan of action began to take shape. It was hastily determined that a party of the Scumbags would splash out into the swamps shortly after sunrise and begin chopping down trees, with help from the locals and their steely teeth, while others would start to gather wood for construction of a gate to protect the main entrance.
P’wned, meanwhile, was put in charge of assembling a few ladders to help with the movement of the necessary tools and fortifications up the steep incline near the pass. Ladders would be built as well, constructed in a way that they could be easily withdrawn upward to the ridge if the Royal Guard ever made its way inside the town’s defenses ― this action hopefully would prevent their enemies from attaining the high ground.
Farley, Joe Salver, and a few other elixir experts, would continue their experiments in creating the foulest liquids known to man before the invention of cough suppressants, as well as procuring the help of their fellow townsfolk in the laborious task of hauling the numerous barrels of putrid concoctions up the steep slope and near the breach.
The mayor was put in charge of stockpiling the various objects that could be thrown at any of the guards that made it into the town itself, and making sure that every ditch dweller was well-armed. 
They all knew that they probably only had a day or two to complete their tasks. All vowed though, that once the sun was up, they would work quite diligently to get as much done as possible. The people of Timbrook could almost taste the refreshing flavor of a nicely brewed jar of pilsner beer, and knew that if they ever wanted a micro-brewery to call their very own, then they had to defend Timbrook, and the well-being of the German Brewmasters, with their lives. The fact that not a one these newly arrived men spoke a word of German didn’t seemed to raise any suspicions with the residents, for they didn’t know any German either, and if pushed, the Scumbags figured that anything with a lot of hard consonants, or a few ‘ichs’ or ‘dorfs’ thrown in, would surely fool them. 
The rising of the sun brought with it the stirrings of the townspeople and the Scumbags, and as the sun rose, so did the level of activity. Farley woke up and saw P’wned sitting on a large barrel and acutely staring down the road. They were both on top of the ridge, surrounded by various barrels of gunk and grime, as well as a large pile of rocks, and bones, and several hefty tree limbs. Farley yawned loudly and rubbed his fingers through his white afro. He suddenly had a thought bounce about inside his skull, and with a curious expression, slowly pulled open the top of his burlap pants a little and peered inside.
“Whoa!” he exclaimed, which made P’wned look in his direction.
“What?” the Scumbag asked.
“Not only are me lil’ curlies as white as the hair on me head, but they seem to glow in the dark as well,” Farley replied, still staring into his pants. 
“Well, now you have your own personal nightlight,” P’wned rolled his eyes and smirked, before continuing his watching of the road.
Farley meanwhile stood up and looked round for something to drink. He soon spied a bucketful of rainwater, and after throwing that bland and tasteless liquid out, collected a bit of the mixture in a barrel next to him, which had several rotting apples and pears floating on the top. He took a huge drink and after a few hacking sounds, started walking like an Egyptian hieroglyphic along the ridge while loudly spouting out: “Ooga-shaka! Ooga-shaka! Ooga-ooga-ooga-shaka!”
P’wned slowly shook his head in dismay. Leaning forward against the pile of stones, he resumed his watch. Within moments, he observed a group of riders, and swiftly jumped off the barrels and yelled to the company of men below.
“Horses approaching!”
Johann dropped his cup of tea and ran to his stead, followed closely by FumbDuck and a couple of others that had just awakened.
“How many?” Johann called out toward the watchman.
“Six horses…but only three riders!” P’wned yelled back. 
“Maybe scouts or spies!” FumbDuck exclaimed, while grabbing his horse’s reins and turning his steed toward the pass. He was not wearing his full armor, only the crimson ‘Boots of Haliburton’ and the jewel-encrusted ‘Ballawrog’s Gloves of Defending’. He pulled out his great blue sword and shouted “Harh!” and began galloping for the pass.
Johann was right behind him, as well as WTF and RealMenWearPurple. Several other warriors were now awakening and quickly moving to their horses, as another, named CrackerWhacker, begin loudly imitating an air-raid siren.
FumbDuck was the first to exit the foggy gap in the mountains ― and he scared the dickens out of the approaching riders ― as he appeared quite suddenly before them, and looked like a murderous Hun bearing down upon their shocked faces. 
Garlo, the lead rider in the group, reared his horse and reached for one of his daggers, while Delores and Harv both pulled their steeds to the left and stared nervously at the oncoming menace. Each of the trio had a hard time moving as they were trying to hold on to their own mount’s reins and the reins of the three extra horses they had brought along. Amid the chaos and splashing of water, they each began to realize the hopelessness of their situation. 
Right behind FumbDuck, another cavalryman appeared out of the fog, followed in quick succession by several more.
“Halt!” FumbDuck barked out. “What business dost thou have here!” he queried forcefully, taking a page out of Captain Tim’s book of dramatic openers. He held his sword out in a very threatening manner ― its blue-hued blade sparkling in the morning sun.
Garlo turned his horse around and eyed the man with surprise and suspicion, as well as a spot of admiration for the man’s obvious flair for the theatrical. “Who are you?” He cried out in a low baritone voice.
“What business have you here?” FumbDuck demanded again. He frowned upon the trio and eyed each suspiciously. Johann settled his horse next to the Scumbag leader, and was preparing to withdraw his own sword as well ― but after surveying the three riders, and quickly recognizing Delores and Harv, he pleasantly smiled and waved. The tense look upon their mugs changed to one of relief and joy at seeing a familiar, friendly face.
“Harv and Delores!” he beamed. “What brings you to Timbrook?”
FumbDuck and Garlo looked upon the greeting with hesitant curiosity and gradually began lowering their weapons.
“Johann! How are you, friend?” Harv exclaimed, emphasizing the word ‘friend’ and looking upon FumbDuck as he did so.
“Johann! I thought you were in Rottweillor,” Delores added. The couple slowly rode up to him, and when close enough, exchanged handshakes, bright smiles, and relieved pats on the back. Johann turned to the Scumbags and heartily smiled.
 “FumbDuck, these are friends of mine…they helped me and Oldsmobill when we were in Fouldune,” Johann happily related to all.
“Where is Olds?” Harv asked.
“He is in the Walder area, but is due to arrive here within a couple of days, hopefully.”
A few of the Scumbags ― a little disappointed and more than just a tad angry at having been awakened for a reunion of sorts ― slowly turned their horses and vanished back into the pass. FumbDuck sheathed his sword and leaned casually in his saddle while Garlo relaxed and looked up at the two figures standing high upon the ridge. He was going to ask if one of them was a man with a white afro or perhaps just an extremely large dandelion, but decided to hold his tongue for a while longer.
“Oh, Johann, you have no idea what we’ve been through,” Delores said. She then cocked her head to the side and asked, “How’s the chiggers?”
The three all laughed, and FumbDuck smirked.
“Oh, quite gone, thank you.” 
Harv waved his hand toward Garlo and introduced the ominous creature in black. “This is Garlo, he’s a friend, and helped us out a little.”
Garlo looked surprised at Harv and laughingly replied, “A little?” He quickly removed his glove and shook Johann’s hand firmly. 
“Greetings, Johann.” 
“Nice to meet you Garlo…you travel in good company.” The Timbrookian then waved his hand toward the other rider, “This is FumbDuck, of the Scumbags,” he stated. This brought a slight hush from the three, especially Garlo, who trotted a couple of steps through the murky water of the flooded road toward the man, eyeing him with a surprised look.
“So, it is true,” he softly said, “I thought it was just a legend.” He slowly shook the man’s hand and leaned around to see if he could spot the yellow stripe.
FumbDuck smiled. “Yea, it’s there.” He slowly turned in his saddle until all could see the line of marigold paint running down his spine.
“Amazing!” Harv replied.
“But what in heaven’s name are the Scumbags doing in Timbrook?” Delores asked.
“We’re defending it against Crown Prince Vespius’ Royal Guard, ma’am.” FumbDuck answered. 
“Good lord,” Garlo chortled, “That’s a tall order! How many are there of you here?”
“Not enough, I’m afraid,” FumbDuck replied.
“But, the people of Timbrook have done a good job so far. Hopefully, with a little work…and a little luck…we can hold them off until Olds and the rest of the Scumbags arrive,” Johann answered.
Garlo nodded his head slowly. He glanced over at Delores and Harv, and then turned back to Johann and FumbDuck and suddenly asked, “Hey, you wouldn’t happen to have a little breakfast would you?” He beamed a bright smile in their direction.
Delores immediately shot him a frown, but Harv smiled as well and said, “We didn’t eat anything this morning.” 
Delores abruptly shot a frown his way, too. “We have to get back to Carbuckle,” she demanded. 
“Please, let’s eat and catch up on events,” Johann replied, with a happy wave of his hand. To which all started moving for the pass, except for Delores who sat in her saddle and fumed a while before finally following the rest into the muddy squalor of Timbrook.

*****

The wizard motioned his hand to Oldsmobill, and after the hooded knight crept next to him, he pointed his index finger down into the valley.
“Now, look and you shall see where all that smoke is coming from,” he said to his former apprentice. Olds looked down and saw several large buildings. They resembled a row of wooden warehouses, except each had high, stone, chimneys rising up from them, which pumped out large plumes of black and gray smoke. Men worked around large fires in front of some of the buildings, while others were busy driving bellows that were connected to a few more. The clanging of numerous grimy hands banging metal against metal filled the valley. Slightly to the south were several wagonloads of iron ore, and coal, and large stacks of finely turned wooden poles.
“What’s all these blacksmith shops and iron works doing out here in the middle of nowhere?” Olds asked.
Captain Tim, now joining the other two, softly replied, “Because Vespius wants as few people as possible to know about what they’re making.”
“What you see, my peripatetic cronies, is an army being prepared for war,” Master Bates said. “Swords, pikes, axes…and over there…it looks like they’re making armor…and there…it appears to be a shield factory of sorts…” The wizard suddenly leaned forward and pointed to the east. “Oh, look! Over there…a line of lime-green Port-a-Potties!”
“He must have every blacksmith from Walder here,” Olds replied.
“Aye,” Captain Tim said, “As well as every Port-a-Potty from here to Constantinople.” 
Master Bates pointed his hand to the northeast. “We shall follow the line of cliffs, through the deep Puccini Woods, and see if we can’t spot what manner of treachery the prince is planning along his border with King Jolias.”
Olds peered down and saw a huge wooden building, much larger than the others, and built with a high, angled roof. It had no windows, but did have a set of huge double-doors in the back, as well as a regular door next to them. A pike-wielding guard stood watch in front of the trio of entrances and appeared to be eating a banana.
A huge stone chimney had been built into the side of the structure, it billowed a large cloud of dark smoke from its blackened, sooty top.
“First, let’s see what that huge building contains,” Olds voiced. To which his master, spying the structure, looked over at him and gasped.
“Are you insane?”
“No, but there must be something in there that is very, very important, and may give us a vital clue as to Vespius’ plans.”
“We’ll be captured for sure.”
Olds looked at Master Bates with a smile that resembled a cat with a canary in its mouth. “Not…if we’re in disguise.” 

*****

There can be little doubt that among all the animals of the world, the raccoon may, in fact, be the coolest. 
It’s the little strip of black fur across its eyes, resembling a bandit’s mask, for one, and who in their right mind wouldn’t want one of those? It’s like a Goth-chick’s ultimate dream date. But, it’s also those cute, little hand-like paws, and the way they hold their food when eating or washing it. And don’t forget that ringed-tail ― the coup de grâs of raccoon coolness!
And who, if given a chance, wouldn’t want to come back as a raccoon? 
Oh, sure, some people might want to be a chimpanzee, or a baboon, but why not date outside of the family if given the opportunity? 
Dolphins are a good choice, but how much fish could one possibly eat before becoming truly sick of dining on the slimy little beasts? Now, being a whale might strike some as being a great choice, but spending every waking hour of the day cruising the oceans with your mouth wide open doesn’t sound like much fun, and not an easy way to pick up females, which is probably why whales sing so freaking much – they’re bored completely out of their minds and continuously hum ― like old ladies shopping for hats.
Certainly, all in all, a raccoon is the thing to be! 

Being a raccoon was always Matty’s little fantasy as well, which is why he was so eager for the job of investigating the mysterious building in disguise, and when Olds suggested becoming raccoons, he literally jumped at the chance.
It was for this reason that he became so disappointed in the results.
“Who ever heard of raccoon with light-blue fur?” he loudly whined. “I’m not even a real raccoon! I’m just…me…in a cheap, cartoon-ish, raccoon costume.”
Olds looked over at him through the peep holes of his own raccoon suit. Matty, sure enough, looked like a person in cheap, light-blue, raccoon costume. The fake fur was a bit thin in parts, and revealed the canvas underneath. There were two large, gaping holes where the eyes were suppose to be, and one could easily see the huge gap where the head-piece didn’t quite cover the neckline of the suit.
Matty held out his hands and looked at the pitifully gigantic, three-fingered, furry paws in front of him.
“What the hell?” he asked in complete frustration.
“Well,” Master Bates replied, still fanning the smoke away from his latest spell, “You didn’t expect me to actually turn you into a two foot-high raccoon, did you?”
“Uh…ya!” Matty sarcastically exclaimed.
The wizard laughed loudly. “Haven’t you ever heard of mass?”
“Yea…” Matty replied, “I used to go every Sunday.”
Suddenly a rim shot was heard, and Master Bates flared up in a great rage. “Get that snare drummer out of here!” he screamed. At which point HaveStickWillTravel packed up his little drum kit and bounded back toward the horses.
“I was hoping for something a little more realistic as well,” Olds replied rather delicately, not wanting to upset his master too much.
“Sorry, boys, but that’s strictly impossible, I can’t physically squeeze six-feet of mass into a two-foot long carcass. Why, your molecules would be so bunched together, you wouldn’t even be able to walk. Think about it…two hundred or so pounds of flesh forced inside such a small, squishy container. Geez! Your freakin’ hearts would implode!”
Matty kicked a rock with his big fuzzy foot. Inside the enormous, ovular raccoon head, he frowned and sighed.
The Batesman continued to squall, “Ah, besides…you both look quite cute and harmless. Now, I can turn you into real raccoons, but you’re going to be about five feet tall, or so, and liable to scare the freakin’ beejeebees out of anyone that happens to see you…and that includes me!”
“Well, I guess we’ll just have to make do,” Olds said, and began to slowly traipse into the woods ― his ringed-tail swishing back and forth with each step.
“…Or get a job at a theme park,” Matty grumbled.
A loud rim-shot was heard once again, at which point Master Bates frowned and immediately pivoted. A thin bolt of electricity crackled from his fingertips and electrocuted the little drummer boy, who yelped loudly, and dove headfirst into a mulberry bush. 
“Wise-ass!” the wizard growled. 


The two furry figures bounded as fast as they could in their big feet, and were soon creeping around the intimidating structure. With each careful step they tried their best to see in between the slats of wood. The noise from inside the building was very loud and echoed inside their bulbous heads. They heard metal being forcefully pounded into shape and men yelling out commands. Matty scanned their surroundings, but felt like he was looking through a pair of binoculars that didn’t have any lenses. 
“I can’t see a thing,” Olds whispered, “Let’s head around for the doors.”
The two turned another corner, but didn’t see the guard standing right next to them because their large headgear had ruined their peripheral vision.
“What’s all this then?” the guard stridently queried. At which point Olds jumped up in surprise. His spherical head abruptly went sideways. He looked about, but only saw black. 
The guard, meanwhile, looked upon the large raccoon with much confusion, for he couldn’t figure out why the odd creature was looking to its left. The guard even looked over to see if there was anything in that direction worth looking at.
Matty attempted to turn the corner but misjudged the distance and instead collided with the wall, producing a loud ‘thump’ and falling flat on his zippered back. His big paws instinctively reached up and held on to his head for fear that it might roll off.
“Ooch!” he cried out. He began waving his big fuzzy paws in the air while several muffled curses filled his headpiece. The guard leaned against the wall and looked at both of them before slowly scratching his scalp in puzzlement.  Finally, Olds adjusted his head to where he could see out through the eyeholes. He cheerfully waved to the guard as if he was having his picture taken in front of a carnival attraction.
“Who are you two?” the guard rumbled again, and pointed his spear at the strange, big-headed, raccoon-like creatures.
“Uh, we’re singing telegrams…here for a birthday party,” Olds spouted out. “Here’s our card.” He quickly handed the man a little oak leaf that had ‘Our Card,’ written upon it.
“Whose birthday is it?” the guard guardedly asked.
Olds rolled his eyes inside his head, but the guard didn’t see this, he just saw two large black holes staring back at him.
“Uh, what’s-his-face…” Olds stammered.
The guard grimaced, “Huh? You mean Harold Wattshizfash?” 
Olds tried to snap his fingers, but they were way too big for that, so he clapped instead, and a huge cloud of fake fur and dust erupted into the air. “That’s the one!” he happily replied.
 “Oh, I didn’t know it was his birthday.”
“Yep, he’ll be…uh…another year older today. So, they sent us down here to wish him well and to help him blow out all those candles…the number of which being determined by his years on this planet outside of his mother’s womb.” 
The guard nodded his head slowly, and soon after, lifted a large latch on the door. “I’ll take ya to him,” he said. 
Olds’ paws moved about rapidly. “No, uh, that won’t be necessary, we know where he is…uh, what you need to do is wait for the ice cream and cake, which should be here at any moment.”
“Mmm, ice cream and cake, huh?” The guard smiled broadly and stared off into the distance as Olds began to walk into the building. 
“Neapolitan?” the guard asked.
“No,” Olds replied, “Presbyterian.”
The guard held the door open and waited while Matty eventually got to his feet and began marching into the entrance. The cheery sentry asked the passing furry figure, “What is Presbyterian ice cream? Is that like a praline and pecan variety?”
Matty nodded rapidly and handed the man an airless balloon that he had found in a side pocket. He rapidly waved his big paw and walked inside. The guard slowly closed the door, and looked warily at the little flat piece of red rubber now lying in his palm.
Once inside, Oldsmobill was struck by what he saw, so much so that he took his big raccoon head off and stared round in disbelief. Matty looked around the expanse as well, before he too removed his head, mainly because he was starting to sweat like Richard Nixon in a televised debate.
“Geez!” Olds exclaimed.
In front of him was a monstrous structure shaped somewhat like a lion; made completely out of large sheets of thick metal, riveted together with iron bolts. Sparks from the forge sprayed about and the place was full of the noise of metal being pounded and bent and cut. Several grim-faced workers were going about their tasks like dutiful servants, and though a few looked their way, they didn’t look for long at the two furry figures before continuing their work.
The lion’s head had huge jaws, and its tongue, which appeared to be retractable, stuck out like a large blade, coming to a razor-sharp point. From its large front paws, were several harnesses, which lay strewn about the ground in front of the enormous creation. Its eyes were empty except for two large grates, and Olds could see each contained a large metal basket, perhaps to hold a fire. The iron beast’s mane rose above its head slightly and gradually developed into an oval-shaped body that had numerous, thick, iron grates around the top and side. It resembled a colander in some respects, or a heavy-duty sieve of sorts. Along the sides of the monstrosity were several large shelves of steel and below them were a series of bulky wooden poles that stuck out from underneath, with handholds carved into them. Behind the structure were two long metal rods, with another series of handholds. All were protected by metal shields that angled out from above. At the base of the structure were four enormous wooden wheels with great metal brackets holding them together.
“What is that?” Matty loudly asked over the din.
Olds continued to stare at the monstrosity and finally glanced over at him. “That’s the monster we saw in the crystal ball,” he replied. A few seconds later he added, “I think that Vespius is going to use it to carry the stone into battle.”




Chapter Twenty-One: Leroy Jenkins!


His name was TurdMuffin. 
He had the fastest horse in the entire Scumbag outfit, and FumbDuck called him over to the little fire pit near the mayor’s mansion. “Listen,” he told the stone-faced shortstop, “I need you to ride to the main road and keep an eye out for that regiment of Royal Guardsmen.”
“Okay,” TurdMuffin replied, chewing on a carrot and wrinkling his nose like a titmouse on prom night.
“Be very careful…and hide in the woods as far as you can from the road, understand?”
“Yep.”
“As soon as you spy something, return here as soon as possible.”
“Yep.”
“Now, look, if you can’t make it back here safely, stay in the forest until this is all over. I don’t want you captured by the Royal Guard, got it?”
“Sure.”
“Okay. Thank you, good luck, and see you soon, old friend.”
“You betcha.” 
FumbDuck patted him on the shoulder and watched him run for his horse. The sprightly little scrapper then leap-frogged over the creature’s hindquarters and upon the saddle, and after he gave it a kick, cried out: “High-ho Bolivia!” 
The horse neighed loudly ― as it always did when it heard its maiden name ― and dutifully bolted through the pass.
FumbDuck smirked and turned back around and faced the small fire and the collection of people encircling it. The valley was filled with the sounds of construction ― hammering and sawing sounds accompanied by the gnawing of teeth upon several pieces of wood, as well as the sounds made by groups of soggy feet as the villagers carried buckets of foul liquids up the ridge and oodles of projectiles to nearby ditches. To his right, he heard P’wned’s voice attempting to supervise a group of Timbrookians in the construction of a large ladder that lay against the slope.
“Stop eating the rope!” P’wned yelled to one of the denizens, who had a piece of twine sticking out of the corner of his mouth. 
“Oops, sorry…” the grubby little toad mumbled in reply.
Near the small fire, Delores and Harv were busy explaining to Johann and the others all that had happened in Fouldune since he and Olds had left with Cap’n Kidneybean.
“Well, it seems that when you and Oldsmobill became involved in that street fight, one of those assailants died as a result,” Harv began to speak slowly, but then took a very deep breath. “And that happened to be the son of Gravy Acklander, the crime boss of Fouldune and a very mean and terrifying man. Now, he sent his right-hand man, whose name was Slack, to investigate, and somehow or another, he found out about you two visiting the shop and selling those rabbit and warthog skins, but he also saw that I had two horses and some supplies packed up and ready to go, because Delores and I were going to ride to Carbuckle and try to warn you guys that Gravy had sent four assassins to kill you both as soon as your boat arrived there, and Slack also saw the two cots you each slept in, which I was pretty dumb not to put away, but who would’ve thought it right? So, he starts suspecting that we, Delores and I, had something to do with the death of Gravy’s son, so he becomes very violent, and would have surely killed me if not for my wife’s quick thinking, who stabbed him in the back with the head of a mounted African Gazelle.”
Harv slumped, breathing heavily, then inhaled and was ready to continue, when Johann lightly queried, “What’s a gazelle?”
“It’s an African antelope with long, black, pointy horns,” Delores answered before Harv let loose again.
“So, we packed up our belongings and high-tailed it out of town, and just in time too, for Gravy burned down our shop and about six other buildings, and we went to stay with some friends of ours named ‘Tribble,’ and then I made this scarecrow-like dummy out of straw and mud and we traveled toward Valdorlok bridge and put this mud-man on a horse and sent him down the road to the two guys that Gravy had stationed there to apprehend us, and the Tribble’s threw a bag of apples in the road and the horse slowly trotted to them, and one of the henchmen went totally whacko because I had put a Mongol helmet on the scarecrow and he thought it was a Mongol invasion, but the other guy wasn’t really fooled by the ruse, and he cut off the poor mud-man’s head, which rolled right in front of the other guy who passed out cold, and after that, the other guy spotted Delores and her mother, as well as our son, on the back of our other horse as it made its way across the bridge, so he came after them, but then he saw me, and as soon as I saw him I nearly fainted, but luckily, the Tribble’s, who are expert marksmen, shot him with several arrows and he died as a result.”
Harv finished and Delores handed him a canteen of water. “Good job, hon.” She smiled, gently patting him on the back.
“Wow,” Johann replied and was about to tell his own story, but Harv, in between gulps, held up his finger and gasped.
“Oh, there’s more.”
Garlo looked upon the telling with a bemused expression on his face, but he was also growing slightly excited because he knew he was about to enter the saga.
“So,” Harv deeply inhaled, “We traveled through Valdorlok and then across the old Roman road to Carbuckle, and after we arrived there we met Garlo here, who was once known as Pitch, and he previously worked for Gravy Acklander as an assassin a few years ago, but gave all that up to move near Rottweillor and raise a family…”
Garlo smiled as Johann and FumbDuck looked over at him, but Harv was not stopping for anything, “…And he told us that Gravy, who was now Governor Acklander, because Crown Prince Vespius had appointed him to that position, had kidnapped Garlo’s mother, father, and sister, and was holding them hostage, until he could find us and kill us, and this is where it gets kind of weird because I think that Garlo is either very good at ‘compartmentalizing’ things inside his brain, or else he is a full-blown schizophrenic, and in need of some very rigorous and long-term counseling and/or major prescription medications, but either way, he convinced us to go back to Fouldune and help him rescue his family and then he, in turn, would kill Governor Acklander and afterwards we could all go about our lives without having to worry about any type of retribution or anything, at least that’s what he told us, but, he might have just been lying to get us back to Fouldune to double-cross us, because, like I said, he has some serious dual-personality issues…”
“Hey!” Garlo interrupted, “I can most certainly be trusted…in most instances.” He smiled and looked cheerfully at everyone.
“Anyway,” Harv resumed, a bit perturbed at Garlo for breaking his momentum,  “We went to where we thought Gravy might be keeping his family, at an abandoned farm house, but they weren’t there, so Garlo left because he said he was going to ask some old friends and neighbors if they knew where his family was being held, but in actuality, he went straight to Gravy Acklander and told him where we were…”
Everyone at this point frowned at Garlo as if he was a dog that had just peed on the carpet. 
“Bad Garlo!” Johann sternly said. Meanwhile FumbDuck booed and hissed, and continued to eat from a box of hot-buttered popcorn.
Garlo innocently smiled back, and replied, “All’s well that ends well…you’ll see.” He produced a big, toothy grin and pointed at Harv, who had just finished a large gulp of water, inhaled deeply, and continued.
“But we, Delores and I, became suspicious, because he had been gone for so long, so, we hid in the nearby forest, and when Garlo got back with eight of the governor’s men, he started killing them, but he was outnumbered so he ran and climbed on top of the barn and started making clucking sounds, but with our help, eventually managed to incapacitate the remaining men, and we bound them up and headed to Fouldune, where Delores and I caused a diversion while Garlo snuck in and sliced the governor’s throat. Then, we met up at the where the ‘road to nowhere’ meets the main road, and camped in the woods for a few hours and were planning on taking a trail through the swamp to Carbuckle, but it looks like the whole place is flooded, so that’s when you guys came at us and we said ‘hi’ to one another and then we followed you in here, where we ate some rock-hard biscuits and some kind of meat, which actually tasted like salted horseflesh, but I didn’t want to say anything and possibly insult the chef, but…”
“Okay, hon, we’re all up to speed.” Delores comforted him and held the canteen up to his gasping lips.
Everyone looked at each other and sipped their tea, or drank from their canteens. Honcho el Grande, who had joined the little group near the beginning of Harv’s tale, broke the silence and said, “Well, that must have been what started this whole series of victories here at Timbrook, for the men who arrived here a few days ago said they were looking for a man, a woman and a child.”
“Yes,” Delores replied, “Evidently, Gravy sent men everywhere looking for us.”
“And it’s been escalating ever since…within a day or two, a full regiment of the Royal Guard is coming here to restore order,” Johann supplied.
“That’s why you see all these preparations going on about you. We came here to help these people defend their homes,” FumbDuck added.
Garlo stood up and looked around the town and along the top of the mountain ridge and said, “Well, if you ask me…this place could use a little order restored, and a few large vats of flea-dip.” He leaned upon his left leg and placed his gloved hands at his waist. “Normally, I’d say you were all quite insane…going up against the Royal Guard, but you may have a chance with the way this place is made. If you can manage to build a strong enough gate to keep them out.”
“That’s what I was thinking,” FumbDuck eagerly replied, “The Royal Guard do not have any bowmen, and unless they bring a squad of army regulars, they’ll be sitting ducks.”
Garlo agreed, “Yes…you just might survive, with a little luck and plenty of antibiotics.”
FumbDuck suddenly snapped his fingers, and three short villagers, all wearing straw hats, ambled up to the group. “I think we have an excellent chance. If we have enough time to finish our construction efforts,” he said, before pointing to the three men, “Look at these plans that I drew up.”
He nodded toward the three men, who all bowed down and removed their hats. On the top of their bald heads were several markings and diagrams with a lot of arrows and dashed lines and little stick drawings representing men and horses.
FumbDuck turned to the group of onlookers and lightly apologized, “Sorry, I couldn’t find any paper here, so I took the liberty of writing it all on these men’s hairless scalps.” He shyly smiled, coughed, and pointed at the three sets of drawings.
Garlo stepped forward, as did Delores and Harv, and began peering curiously at the scribbles on the bald men’s heads.
“See, we’re going to have a bridge connecting the two walls of the pass, and not just one gate, but two, one on the outside, and another inner gate,” FumbDuck enthusiastically said.
“The bridge is nearly done, and we have almost enough wood readied to begin construction on the outer gate,” Johann added, “As long as nobody decides to eat it.” 
“What are those?” Delores inquired, “A series of small shields or something?” She pointed her finger at the second set of drawings. 
FumbDuck looked puzzled. He leaned forward and lightly brushed the diagram with his finger. “No…just dandruff, I think.”
“Oh, sorry…” the bald, little drawing board chortled. 
Garlo stared intently at the plans, and then turned to Johann. “You men are quite ingenious, I must say. Of course, the question must be asked…why the hell are you fighting Cornswallow anyway?”
FumbDuck gasped and stepped back. “Why, for freedom of course.”
“Ahh…” Garlo smiled, “Right, right…the whole freedom thing...”
Johann stepped up and said, “If we don’t help this town defend itself, every one living here may be imprisoned or killed. And I for one can’t stand back and watch that happen.”
Garlo now took several paces around the campfire, his hands folded behind him. His chin slightly lifted. “Yes, well, I can’t say that I ever thought I’d consider risking my life so that a group of infamous horse-eaters can continue to sleep in ditches and dine on underbrush and road-kill. Truth is, I was desperately wishing to see my family again, but after witnessing all that you have done…” he stood up and lightly bowed, “I wish to humbly offer my services to you,” he proudly declared, and held his hand out to Johann, who shook it firmly and smiled.
“Thank you Garlo, we can use all the help we can get.” 
“My weapon of choice is the dagger, but I certainly have a good arm and a fairly mean fastball,” he laughed.
“Thank you Garlo,” FumbDuck gratefully said, and shook the man’s hand as well.
“My pleasure, I have heard much of the Scumbags and look forward to fighting alongside you and your men.” Garlo bowed again before whirling his cloak around with a dramatic flourish.
Harv and Delores were not smiling. They looked on in sheer disbelief. 
“But, how are we supposed to get to Carbuckle?” Harv asked. 
Everyone looked somewhat surprised at his reaction. 
Delores stepped forward and broke the silence. Her face was covered with an expression of deep regret and concern. “I really appreciate what all of you are doing here, and I wish you the best of luck, I really do, but my mother and our son are in Carbuckle, and we miss them greatly.”
“Well, I do miss my son greatly…” Harv added with a smirk.  
Garlo slowly sat down next to the fire. He was soon accompanied by FumbDuck after he had tapped on the bald men’s shoulders and dismissed them. Johann sipped a cup of tea and gave a disappointed look at the assembly.
Sitting upon a small cask, Delores sighed, “I’m sorry, I wish we could stay and help, but we really must be going.”
Johann gently smiled. “I realize that, and I completely understand. But, these people have kids too, and…well, I know they’re not the cleanest or even the most soberest of people, but we can’t just let them be…wiped out.”
“Even if you succeed this time, Vespius will just send more men,” Harv replied with sad resignation ― cutting straight to the point.
“Yes,” FumbDuck countered, “But, within a few days, our leader will be here, as well as Oldsmobill, and his cowboy-wizard friend, and the rest of the Scumbags as well, and with this victory, we can perhaps recruit more people…”
“Vespius is up to something horrible. He has allied himself with a king of the north…” Johann added. 
FumbDuck interrupted, “King Jolias of the Andestas…they have an alliance, and though we know not the full extent of their plans…that is what the other group is looking into…you can best believe, it won’t be good for anybody living in this area.”
“I’m sorry,” Delores replied, saddened by what she was saying, “But, I miss my son, and we have been through so much, I just want to hold him in my arms again, and get a good night’s sleep.”
“Aye,” Garlo softly said, “I miss my family too. However, if what you men have been saying is true, then I am willing to give a couple of days of my time…if it will buy a peaceful future for us all.”
Delores frowned at Garlo for his obvious butt-kissing. She next looked down at the ground and then glanced over at Harv. He put his hand upon her shoulder and said, “Let us discuss this a little between ourselves.”
The group nodded in agreement and began to go their separate ways; each passed by the two parents and lightly touched their shoulders. 
“We could sure use a couple of good thinkers like you folks, and I’m sure your son and mother will be safe until your return. Please stay until Oldsmobill arrives.” Johann slightly bowed and smiled at the two while softly patting their shoulders. He turned and ambled toward the pass.
Delores rubbed her hands across her face and then sighed. “Oh, my…what have we gotten ourselves into?” 

*****

The big raccoon sat down on a rock and pulled its huge head off of its shoulders, exposing the sweaty mug of Matty Carpenter. He threw the void-eyed, fuzzy sphere on the ground and fanned himself with his large, furry paws.
“Whew!” he exclaimed, breathing deeply, “It’s hot in this get-up.”
 Oldsmobill, having already jettisoned his furry headgear, approached and handed Matty a canteen.
The Batesman and Captain Tim came running up to the two costumed crusaders with expressions of eager surprise.
“Good Lord!” The Master exclaimed, “You made it back alive! Well, I never would’ve believed it.”
Tim smiled broadly and held his hand toward the wizard. “That’s five silver you owe me!” he proudly proclaimed. To which the wizard frowned and began digging in his pockets.
“What?” Oldsmobill cried out, “You bet against us?”
Matty gave the huge raccoon head a swift kick. “No wonder these costumes sucked!”
The Batesman looked upon all with frowning derision. “Oh, get over it! You must admit it was a dumb idea to go down there…and being captured and imprisoned was certainly a strong possibility.” He handed five silver pieces to Tim, who bit each one to check their authenticity. Master Bates shrugged and rolled his eyes. “So, tell us, by what amazing and unverifiable miracle allowed you two jug-heads to make it back here in one piece?”
“Simple really, we just told the guard we had the wrong ‘Wattshizfash’,” Olds bantered.
“At which point, the guard directed us to another Wattshizfash, namely, Gerald P. Wattshizfash, who is Harold Wattshizfash’s third cousin ― twice removed,” Matty confidently explained, producing a smug grin upon his sweaty mug.
“That’s when the guard said: ‘He works in the armored-boot works, which is down three, and left two.’ So we, of course, went in the other direction, and the guard then asked us why, and we told him that we needed to stock up on more party favors and handkerchiefs for the big ‘pin-the-tail-on-the-donkey’ tournament,” Olds relayed.
“Aye, but, won’t your lack of a prompt return raise a wee bit of suspicion in the guard’s mind?” Tim worriedly asked.
“Well,” Olds answered, “We told him that the party was set to start in about an hour…weather permitting.”
“Aye, but it has nearly been a hour…” Tim exclaimed, looking rather panicky toward the valley below. 
“Exactly.” Olds grinned. At which point he pulled a large turnip out of his costume, and ― after a nice, high leg-kick and a beautifully fluid back swing ― viciously beaned Master Bates with the projectile ― right in the middle of his forehead. 
The wizard’s feet shot straight up into the air ― as his head ― followed closely by the rest of his body ― hit the ground with a loud ‘thump.’ The dazed magician uttered several loud curse words, and a fierce thunderstorm quickly erupted in the sky. A sudden deluge of heavy rain and hailstones, as well as a few small cats and dogs, immediately drenched the entire region.
Olds stood motionless and proudly smiled ― his arms dramatically poised upon his waist. 
“Party canceled!” he bluntly declared, before joining the others and running for cover.

After a few minutes, the storm subsided, and the cohorts all gathered around a large oak and began to converse. Master Bates, who was now wearing a large astronaut’s helmet on his head for protection, gazed around with a look of sulking annoyance. 
“So, what didst thou spy in yonder workshop?” Tim Pestuous asked in his theatrical voice. Both raccoon-garbed men just looked at him funny for a second or two, puzzled again by his odd choice of words.
“It’s a monstrosity, that’s for sure,” Olds said between breaths, “It’s just as I suspected…that ‘lion thing’ we saw in the crystal ball.”
“Ah…” Master Bates replied, nodding slowly. He almost let a smile emerge upon his face, but quickly resumed his pouting.
Olds began to draw a figure in the wet soil at his feet. “It has a harness up front for horses, but also plenty of handholds for men to push it forward as well. It has a sturdy, wooden undercarriage with a very thick protective covering of metal plates. I’m quite certain that Vespius is going to use it to transport the stone.”
“Hmm,” The wizard harmonized, softly tapping on the front of his clear facemask. “But to what end?” He then deeply exhaled and clouded the entire front of the helmet.
Olds slowly unzipped the raccoon costume off of his body and sat down to pull his feet out of the huge paws. “Vespius never cared about the stone for its prophetic abilities, except for how it might unveil his plans to others. That’s why he killed Master Beluga, and was looking hard for the three sisters — he didn’t want any of this discovered before it was too late.”
“But, why would he build such a contraption?” Tim asked.
“I believe he’s going to use the stone on the battlefield,” Olds said plainly. Then, rising a bit in tone, “Or anywhere else he can take it.”
“Ah,” Master Bates said again, pointing his finger in the air, “Of course! The maddening effect the stone has on anyone that comes close to it could be quite an advantage on the fields of war. Even if it doesn’t drive people mad, it will most certainly incapacitate them, if only for a few minutes, enough time to do them in. Wow! Ingeniously diabolical!”
“That thing is built to drive right through any enemy line, and to cut a wide gouge through an army and debilitate all who are near it, or most certainly scaring the holy beejeebies out of them,” Olds added.
“Except Cornswallow’s army, who will be wearing protective headgear!” Matty suddenly cried out, “Remember? What Custer, at the monastery, told us…about the soldiers with the large helmets.”
Master Bates and Olds both looked at Matty with a great deal of surprise. Olds patted him on the shoulder, “You’re absolutely right, Matty… good to see you’ve been keeping up.”
“Ah, we have discovered a portion of the truth, but where to now?” Tim asked.
“We creep around through the northern forest, and to the cliffs of Walder, for it is there that I believe we will truly see the depths of Vespius’ treachery,” Master Bates confidently declared. 
They each started running back to their stallions, but the Batesman’s excessive respiration clouded the front of his helmet again, and he blindly ran into the trunk of a large hemlock tree. Luckily for all involved, the impact knocked him out cold, which abruptly prevented a hurricane from forming due to the steady stream of curse words that surely would have followed.
After jettisoning the helmet, the men started slapping the wizard’s unconscious face around a little and lightly tickling his ribs and the soles of his feet. Eventually, the wizard jumped up, staggered around in a circle, and started singing his favorite Led Zeppelin song, namely: ‘Dazed and Confused’, which, considering his mental facilities at the time, seemed rather appropriate.
After a fine vocal imitation of a prolonged guitar solo ― the squadron all mounted their horses and began to disappear into the northern forest of the smoke-filled valley. Master Bates led them around a small line of boulders before they marched across a slow moving stream, and deeper still into the forest.  
An hour or so later, the wizard spotted what appeared to be the end of the world. He brought his horse slowly up to the edge of a steep cliff, and stared off into the distance.
 Below was a landscape of swamps and bogs and smoke and fog that more than vaguely resembled a vast, slightly transparent, ocean of clouds. Southeast of their position was a large grove of trees and the wizard halted the line of men. 
“Tim, have your men stay here and tend to the horses. Olds, Matty, and you…come with me. Be very quiet though, for we are in extremely dangerous lands.”
The four men promptly dismounted and began walking through the thick forest. Numerous sounds of hammering and sawing of wood began to rise from the direction they were heading. The land was level and they stayed close to the cliff line, but tried to conceal themselves in the shadows of the trees.
The sound grew more severe with every step, until they saw a large road in the trees of the forest below. A few more steps and they saw a huge wooden structure rising up from the road. All four stopped and stared at the immense wonder of it.
“Good, Lord!” Master Bates loudly whispered. He swung around a few more trees and saw the beginnings of what was once the Walder defensive wall, now almost totally gone, leaving a line of holes in the ground, where the wooden stakes had been dug up and pulled out.
“What is that? Some kind of a ramp?” Matty asked.
“Yes. It would appear as such, ” Tim quickly answered.
Master Bates looked back at the men and waved them forward. He pointed in the direction of a guard tower, and the three men standing inside the huge, square, watch-house at the top. He then pointed southward, where he observed a camp of men, apparently guarding the road.
Olds looked northeast and upon the ramp, and the supports and the scaffolding that were attached to the amazing structure. Only about fifty feet of space separated it from the top of the plateau. Beyond the ramp was a wide road that led in a straight line through the swamps and smoking bogs, some of it was paved with stone, while most was made of wooden planks, and built just above the water line. 
“The entire region is doomed…” Tim sadly stated. His face was filled with anguish and dread. “Once that ramp is complete, this place will be flooded with foreign invaders. Me fears we will never be able to defend ourselves against so many.”
“Why would Vespius betray his country so?” Matty angrily asked.
The Batesman firmly grabbed his shoulder. “In exchange for an army of two to three thousand. For he looks southward, to Bartok, and quite possibly, even beyond those regions as well.”
The four men crouched in the shadows of the trees and stared silently at the busy legions of men below them. The wizard, having seen enough, gradually arose, as did his companions, and they steadily made their way back through the forest, and back to the rest of the troop.
“Any ideas on how we can destroy that ramp before it’s completed?” Olds asked.
“Perhaps the wizard can set it ablaze using his powers of magic,” Tim said.
“Sorry,” Master Bates shyly lipped, “but the maximum distance of that spell is about three feet. It’s good for starting campfires or lighting a cigar…provided that you place the cigar on the ground and quickly step back…but not much use beyond that.”
“A weather spell?” Olds asked.
“A possibility, but I’m afraid it would only slightly forestall their work, and it not only takes a lot out of me, but, since it would appear that it is caused mainly by my cursing…after being hit with something…will most certainly leave my skull looking like a large head of cauliflower.” He gave Olds a particularly derisive look at that point, after which he loudly growled and added, “Truth is, it’s so unpredictable, it scares the living crap out of me.”
“Considering those men have just constructed a road and ramp through a swamp, I don’t think a little rain and hail is going to bother them much,” Tim volunteered.
“What we need is a bigger army,” Matty said.
“Or,” Olds slowly replied, “make Vespius’ army smaller. Then, we could send a defensive force to that hill and hold off any further progress.”
The men all agreed. They soon returned to their horses and began trotting back to the Scumbag camp.
“That is a fine idea,” Captain Tim voiced, “But, how in heaven’s name, can we possibly accomplish such a task?’
They each rode on through the trees and shrubbery in silence, their faces all quite grim. Before long, they reached the rest of the company, who had been busy playing ‘Bingo’ and various trivia games while munching on dried potato skins, which was part of their normal rations.
“What’s our plan now, wizard?” Tim asked.
“There’s not much more we can accomplish here in Walder, except perhaps get killed. I believe we should hook up with the rest of your men in Timbrook. Then, we may need to try and ally Valdorlok and Allegoria to our cause. Maybe, if Timbrook can hold off the regiment, news of the victory will bring more forces to our aid.”
“We’ll take the forest to Carbuckle, and then the road to Timbrook,” Captain Tim cried out, before leaning over to the Batesman and whispering: “Of course, we won’t get far without a large meal first!”
Master Bates shook violently and clenched his fists. “Yes…of course…and I guess it’s up to me to pull another four-course dinner out of my butt, right?”
“I was thinking more like…out of thin air,” Tim politely replied. 
A low ‘hurrah!’ was emitted from the troop, for they were still in enemy territory and didn’t want to wake up the neighbors.
“Fine, fine, fine…we’ll ride a little and find a place where we may camp for the night,” the wizard grumbled loudly, “For I certainly wouldn’t want your men to have to ride on empty stomachs. God forbid!”
Captain Tim smiled brightly and with great pleasure, for he had grown fond of the magician’s tasteless conjurings and found that he could eat all he wanted and not gain a pound. He lifted his sword into the air and loudly whispered: “Without further ado…for there is much to do and little time to do it, too! Har! Get along lil’ doggies!”
The men quickly rode back thru the trail they had just come down, and eventually cut across the dark forests of North Walder. 
“Master,” Olds spoke as they rode through the forest trail, “I and Matty are going to head for his family’s farm, for his brothers are to join us.”
“Aye! Be careful and don’t talk to strangers, especially if they’re carrying large swords and shields with the Cornswallow crest!” The Batesman replied, to which Olds looked upon him coolly. His master grabbed him by the sleeve and whispered,  “Listen…see if you can find out what the people of Walder know of the ramp. Surely they have some idea of what’s going on up there…perhaps his family can start sowing the seeds of a rebellion right here in Vespius’ backyard.”
Olds nodded approvingly. “I will do my best.”
“Meet us in Timbrook! I will tell Tim. Do hurry, and be very careful,” Master Bates replied. He nodded to his ex-apprentice as he rode away, before suddenly turning in his saddle and loudly adding, “…And don’t consort with any suspicious-looking goats!”
The troop turned southwest to follow the Allegorian range and onward to Rottweillor, while Olds and Matty turned due south and began heading for the Carpenter’s family farm.

*****

“Good!” Garlo exclaimed, “I’m glad you two chose to stay.”
“Well, we didn’t have much of a choice really,” Harv said.
Garlo shook his head. “No, you really didn’t.”
“What?” Delores asked loudly.
“Well, truth of the matter is that you really couldn’t leave. The entire trail through the swamps is flooded. Anyone trying it would be stuck in the mud and wandering about for days. I most certainly wasn’t going to attempt it.”
“We could go by way of the roads,” Delores defiantly replied.
“What? And run smack dab into the Royal Guard? Not a chance I’d like to take, even though they may not yet know of Gravy’s death, they soon will, and killing a governor is not something that they would look happily upon. Besides, if they think you came from Timbrook, there’ll be some major questioning of you, and maybe even a little water-boarding, that’s for sure!”
“We could make our way through the forest up by the main road.”
“Yes, but it’ll still take a few days to get through, might as well stay and fight, same difference anyway.”
“Except I don’t think I would get killed in the forest.”
Garlo laughed, “I think we’ll all be quite safe, just stay up on the ridge, besides, have you seen the concoctions they’re making to pour down on those poor fools?
“No,” Harv and Delores replied simultaneously.
Garlo stuck out his tongue and wrinkled his face, “Oh, lord! That is some putrid stuff, let me tell ya.”
“Harv,” Johann yelled out, while running up to the trio, “Hey, can you help the men making a hinge and bracket? They can’t quite grasp the concept of it.”
“Sure,” Harv answered. He kissed his wife on the cheek and bounded away with Johann toward a group of huddled men scratching their heads and staring down at a large wooden door.
“Besides,” Garlo whispered, “By the time this battle is over, Gravy Acklander’s death will be quickly forgotten.”
Delores frowned even more, “What makes you say that?”
“Because when Vespius finds out that his esteemed Royal Guard were defeated by a bunch of muddy mongrels…oh my…”
Garlo rubbed his chin and watched as the white-afro’d Farley poured a container of fish heads into a large barrel of green pond scum.
“…All hell will most definitely break loose.”

*****

Shortly after separating from the rest of the company, Olds and Matty left the forest and galloped into a huge meadow. The soil was very rocky and littered with several outcroppings of rock that defiantly emerged from the great green expanse. The two men continued to follow a shallow stream as it wound its way through the pasture, and then into another line of trees, before emerging again in another, even larger meadow. 
“There it is!” Matty cried, and after giving his horse a good kick, he left the streambed and bolted across the field. Olds quickly followed, and looking ahead, he saw a small farmhouse tucked near a line of thick trees on the other side of the meadow. There was a small barn, and what looked like a smokehouse nearby. A small stone wall surrounded the house, and to the north, a large flock of sheep was grazing on the lush greenery. Near the barn were several cows and horses, and to the south was a large garden, containing all types of vegetables. 
An old man stood in the barn door and watched as the two riders rapidly approached. Matty waved enthusiastically, to which the man gleefully waved back. He yelled something inside the barn and two more men came running out, and after staring inquisitively toward Matty and Olds, they too, soon began to wave as well. 
Matty slowed his horse in front of a large wooden gate and hurriedly leaned over to unlatch it. He looked up and broadly smiled, and then yelled to the men, “A-hoo-ga! A-hoo-ga!”
The three men started toward him and replied in like manner. Two more men came running from the fields and soon began hollering as well. Then, an older woman appeared on the porch of the farmhouse and smiled and yelped and waved also.
As soon as Matty was within a few feet of his family, he bounded off his horse and firmly hugged his father. 
“Good to see ya, boy!” his father said, grinning greatly and patting his son on the shoulders.
“Aye, its good to be home,” replied Matty. He was soon hugging the other men, and they all grinned and laughed and greeted each other with great compassion.
“Who’s your friend?” Matty’s father asked, as Olds slid down off his horse.
“This is Oldsmobill, from Allegoria,” Matty replied. Everyone nodded and the old man walked up and shook his hand.
“Olds, this is my father, Galatians Carpenter.” 
“Good to meet your, sir,” Olds replied.
“And these are my brothers, Luke, Mark, and John.” Matty presented each of them to Oldsmobill, and then tapped the third man on the shoulder. “And this is my brother-in-law, Gatsby.”
The entire group slowly made their way to the farmhouse. A clothesline was strung between the house and an old oak, and several pairs of pants and shirts and bed sheets ruffled in the slight breeze. Chickens rummaged around the cottage as well as a couple of large dogs. Olds spied a goat idly gnawing on a small shrub, and eyed him cautiously, but the animal didn’t seem too suspicious looking.
Nearing the door of the cottage, he inhaled a fragrant aroma of some type of heavily seasoned stew, with a faint scent of freshly baked bread. 
“Mom!” Matty cried out, and bounded up the little porch. 
“Ah, my boy is home,” she breathlessly welcomed him. They hugged and Matty introduced Oldsmobill to her.
“Olds, this is my mother, Ephesians,” he happily declared, “And unless my nose has been broken one too many times, I’d say we arrived just in time for some mutton stew!”
“Very good to meet you, ma’m,” Olds said, bowing slightly.
“Nice to meet you Old-so-bill,” she replied. Olds smiled at the mispronunciation.
“Yes,” she exclaimed, turning to her son, “It was perfect timing on your part, for dinner is about to be served.”
Matty yelped with anticipation, while Galatians lightly slapped Olds on the back and heartily bellowed: “That boy never did miss a meal!”
Soon, all were inside, where Olds met Matty’s sister, and Gatsby’s wife, Corinthians, who was busy unloading several large loaves of bread from out of a large, brick fireplace. The men-folk all gathered around the table and Matty began to tell everything that had transpired the last few days, with Oldsmobill filling in on some of the details. When the group heard of what Olds discovered in the Cornswallow royal chambers, they became quite distressed.
“King Hector was a good man, not wickedly ambitious like his son. It’s a shame what’s happened to him,” Galatians said, “There’s been peace in this region for many, many years, but it would seem all of that is about to end.”
“Father, you’re on the front lines, we have to do something to stop that ramp or everything you’ve worked so hard for will be gone,” Matty solemnly stated. 
“Aye,” his father replied. He looked round the table. “Rumor has it that once Vespius is married to Queen Saline, they’re going to start drafting all men of age into the army.”
“Yea, they’ve already cleared the town of Walder of blacksmiths and other craftsmen, and moved them north to a work camp,” Luke added. His brother Mark bowed his head slightly.
Olds fiddled with a decorative napkin and quietly asked, “So, what have you heard about these work camps?”
Galatians folded his hands upon the table and replied, “The official line is that the king is upgrading the northern defenses and working on revamping his entire army’s armor and weapons.” He then sighed, “However, rumor has it that he is planning on an invasion of the northern lands, past the swamps and into Andestan territories.”
“Others say that he is building a large force of siege engines, to move upon Valdorlok,” Luke added.
“There are many different rumors about what is going on around here, no one knows what the truth is anymore,” Mark grimly surmised.
Galatians squinted his eyes and muttered, “Times are growing dark again, I’m afraid.” 
Olds looked upon the faces of the men gathered. The Carpenter family all had the angular nose and high cheekbones featured on Matty’s face, and even though, at this particular time, they all had sad and serious expressions upon those faces, it was not the normal expression they carried. Galatians’ face, especially, seemed more prone to a good laugh or a gentle grin, than it did to looks of regret and foreboding. The laugh lines around his eyes bore testament to this, as did the dimples in his cheeks.
Soon, dinner was served, and the table grew silent of talk and echoed with sounds of many mouths consuming. After many hearty thanks to the cooks, and the initial happiness inherent in eating a well-fixed meal, the sounds of eating grew less, and the sounds of language soon resumed.
Matty looked upon his brothers, and while still chewing, said: “We need experienced men to help in the defense of Timbrook.”
Mark looked upon the basket of bread that sat in the center of the long table and sighed deeply, “The Royal Guard is nothing to take lightly, they are highly trained and quite capable of wiping any village off the map, even if only a hundred of them go there.”
Oldsmobill answered: “Yes, but Timbrook is a magnificent defensive holdout. It is surrounded by large, steep walls, and only a single gap in the front allows entrance into the basin.” He looked about the table and nodded slowly, “A strong gate will need to be built, and hopefully it is being constructed by our colleagues there, even as we speak.”
John pointed to the center of the table. Being the youngest, he was also the most impulsive. “I will most certainly go. I know Vespius and General Reaver betrayed my commander, and killed him. I owe my former colleague…and friend…that much, at least.” He looked to his brothers with a defiant pursing of his lips and tightening of his jaw.
“If we don’t join you, then we will most assuredly have to join the Cornswallow army.” Mark added. “And damned if I’m gonna do that again.”
“Language!” Ephesians blurted out, giving her son a scornful look.
“Don’t worry my boys, as long as Jolias doesn’t connect that ramp, we will be alright.,” Galatians replied. He dabbed a piece of bread in his bowl of stew and took a mouthful, before adding, “But, Oldsmobill is correct, as long as Vespius has the necessary force, there is no way to stop the Andestas from finishing that ramp and over-running our lands.”
The old man looked at Olds and struck a deathly serious tone. The room grew quiet as he spoke. “It seems the choice is either to fight them at Timbrook, or wait, and try to defend ourselves in our home. Where, I’m afraid, we will be bound to failure.”
Everyone now looked upon Olds, and he averted their gaze by staring into the bowl of stew. Softly, he replied, “Timbrook is our only hope, it is the only place where we have a chance of holding off Vespius’ army until we can convince others to take up the call. We would be no match in a straight-up battle, and no fortress has the type of defensive capabilities that Timbrook affords.” He looked up and into the eyes of everyone around the table. “We must build our stronghold there. By engaging him…and hopefully…drastically weakening his troop’s strength and numbers. We can then send a force here, to defend the plateau and the residents”. 
“Or perhaps unite this region to join our cause,” Matty added softly.
Mark agreed as well. He lightly tapped the table with his finger. “We must act now, while we still have a chance. However, our bows will not seem like much against an army of hundreds.”
“Aye, but each of you are highly skill in the art of training others, and that is what will make the biggest difference,” Matty expressed.   
“Then we will join your band of rebellion,” Luke said plainly, “For it is better to fight at a place of our own choosing than in a desperate struggle to defend our lands and family members.”
Gatsby nodded in agreement and said: “I will go as well, though no soldier, I will do what I can to help.” Matty firmly grasped his shoulder and smiled approvingly.
Galatians rose suddenly and leaned against the table. “Then, it has been settled. Tomorrow morn, you will head to Timbrook and teach those pinheads how to fight! Perhaps you can avert this evil plague that is bearing down upon us all.”
Ephesians began to cry a single tear. “It is always the same,” she mournfully whispered, “Why is it, that when we become accustomed to a life without war and conflict, when even the memory of such things begin to fade from our minds, that there are those that wish for the return of bloodshed. When, oh, when will men learn that producing death and destruction is no way to create life and progress?” 
Silence filled the room again, as each person seemed to focus on things that were far, far away, and took in all that Ephesians had uttered.
“It is a lesson, unfortunately, we may never learn,” Oldsmobill softly muttered.
He thought of the images on the basement walls of Gagglehorn Tower, and of some of the images he had seen when he had tasted a few specks of the Vision Stone’s dust. There would be many wars in store for mankind, he knew, far more devastating and catastrophic conflicts, like none he could image. If he hadn’t seen the images, he would have never believed it would come to pass. 
After the dinner was finished, the men all went about collecting their armaments and supplies and preparing themselves for an early start the following morning. Ephesians and Corinthians began stuffing several large sacks with provisions and cornmeal and other assorted foodstuffs. Olds was assigned a bed in a side room of the cottage that was used primarily to store jars and jugs of pickled fruits and vegetables, as well as a few barrels of cured meat and household cleaning supplies. It was a fairly small bed, but had plenty of quilts and blankets thrown across it and looked quite comfy.
As the night wore on, Galatians broke out a large jug of ale, and after popping the cork, poured everyone a jar. They were all gathered around the fireplace and each of their faces radiated with a soft orange glow.
“To my darling sons, and son-in-law, with whom I am well pleased, and to you, Oldsmobill, for I see in you great things. To all of you, I wish the best of luck and may god bless ye everyone. Cheers!” he loudly proclaimed.
The assembled group all answered with a hearty: “Cheers!”
Even though they were going off to face a foe that was fierce, and greatly outnumbered them, the men were all in good spirits. Smiles creased across each of their faces as they drank the ale and nodded approvingly one to another.
“I have lived a very good life,” Galatians suddenly expressed proudly, he was smiling, but his eyes were beginning to water. “I have fought in wars and seen evil men rise and fall. I have held my newborn sons in my hands and seen how life continues to go on and on. I have loved and I have been loved.” His wife now wrapped her arm around his shoulders and lovingly looked upon his face. “But I have never been more proud of my family, my sons, my son-in-law, than at this moment. If I was only a few years younger…”
“…And a few pounds lighter.,” Ephesians smirked, which brought about a great deal of laughter in the room. Galatians smiled hesitantly at first but eventually agreed with a large grin.
“Aye, with a few less home-cooked meals…” He laughed loudly while rubbing his belly. “However, I will do all that I can to spread the news of this treachery fostered upon us. There are many that have tilled these lands for generations and will not be gladdened to hear that all of this may soon be lost. I say this to all of you…be careful.” The man took a small sip of the ale and squinted one eye towards Olds. “That goes for you too, Oldsmobill, for we see our friends as being members of the Carpenter family…”
Everyone agreed and Matty patted Olds on the back.
“…And stay vigilant, and defend our humble home and our way of life, and return to me safely, so that you may experience all the joy that I have been fortunate enough to experience during my short time upon this world.” He raised his jar again and proudly bellowed: “God bless each of you on the arduous task ahead!”
The jars were now raised again and each person shouted in unison: “Aye!”

*****

His name was TurdMuffin. 
He was sitting on a log and busy carving a stick into the likeness of Pope Urban II ― delicately carving tiny details in the pontiff’s conical headgear. He heard the syncopated rumbling of horses and lifted an eye toward the road.  He had a fine vantage point where he was, and could easily see in either direction for quite a distance, while his own position was thoroughly concealed by the trees and undergrowth directly in front of him on a slight incline. He slowly put his knife into his ‘Boots of Gumboot,’ and slid the wooden figurine into a pouch that hung from his belt. He crouched down, as numerous horsemen slowed in front of the ‘road to nowhere’.
“Second Company!” The leader of the regiment barked out, “Stay and guard the road. Let no one leave. Let no one enter. The rest, follow me to Fouldune.” And with that, his horse bolted forward again and was quickly followed by the rest. The ground was still wet, and large clods of moistened earth were kicked up by the horse’s hoofs. Soon after, it was relatively quiet, except for the ten or so horsemen that stood all around the side road. Some dismounted and fed their horses or gave them water, while others stayed seated and continually looked up and down the two thoroughfares. 
TurdMuffin slowly started creeping back away from them ― hearing their voices, but not enough to understand what they were saying. As he cleared the top of the little hill, he looked back and only saw fragmented images of the soldiers between the numerous trees. The farther away from them he got, the faster he moved, until he was running through the forest and down into a small gully, where his horse was tied to a tree and grazing in a slight clearing.
He quickly grabbed the reins, hopped upon the saddle and was gone in a flash.

Joe Salver was laughing like a madman while carefully rolling a large barrel near the edge of the ridge. “Oh, be tender with it boys, this stuff is awfully special…or especially awful…one of the two!”
He leaned over and scrawled a huge ‘X’ on the side of the barrel with a large piece of red chalk. Johann and P’wned were moving another large barrel into place, while Joe pointed to where he wanted it to go. “Ya, perfect!” he laughed loudly, and then leaned beside the barrel and wrote ‘Y’ upon it. His laughter eventually turned into a maniacal giggle. Eight barrels in all lined the pass, half with an ‘X’ marked upon them and the other half with a ‘Y’ scrawled upon their weathered sides.
“What’s in all those barrels?” Johann asked inquisitively.
“Oh, something extraordinary, my boy! Like nothing you’ve ever seen before!” Joe continued laughing until his stomach started to hurt and he slowly made his way down a wooden ladder that lay upon the inner slope of the ridge.
There were several men finishing up the timber bridge that spanned the top of the pass. They all looked up, as did Johann, P’wned and Farley, who were busy loading spiders and scorpions into a large cask, when they heard the sound of a horse rapidly approaching ― loudly splashing down the flooded road.
“They’re here! They’re here!” TurdMuffin shouted. He sped down the submerged road, leaving a large wake in the muddy water. 
Everyone on the ridge put down what they were doing and all ran down the ladders to the base of the town, just as the rider entered the pass. FumbDuck came running over the hill from the catapult and met the spunky lookout, who stopped his horse next to the large, tooth-marked oak.
“They’re here!” he exclaimed again. “Most of them went to Fouldune. Ten horsemen stayed at the crossroads.”
“How many total?” FumbDuck nervously shouted back.
“A hundred, more or less.”
“Royal Guard?” FumbDuck asked.
“Yes, to a man.” 
“Any regular army or archers?” Garlo shouted out from near the Mayor’s mansion.
“Not that I saw. Horsemen only.”
That seemed like a bit of good news for everyone and they started smiling again. Many mumbled and muttered and nodded their heads and rubbed their hands, while the residents of Timbrook nervously scratched themselves.”
FumbDuck jumped upon a large cask and held his hands out for quiet.
“Okay, listen! That gives us an hour or so at the least, so finish what you were doing and take positions. I don’t think they’ll attack with so little light left, but let’s not take any chances, okay?”
FumbDuck looked about and continued, “How’s the gate coming?”
“The outer gate will be finished very soon,” BostonGuy replied.
“Inner gate is finished and ready to be put into position,” answered CrackerWhacker.
FumbDuck nodded in approval, “Okay, let’s get that gate up. We need some more help up by the pass.” He then found the mayor and asked, “Mayor…what’s the ammo situation?”
“Oh!” the mayor exclaimed, standing as tall as he could manage, “Everyone is well supplied and ready for bombardment, el Capitan!” He then saluted very formally.
FumbDuck smiled at the gesture, “Good! Farley? Joe? How are the barrels coming?”
Joe started laughing again, while Farley quickly said: “Just finished the last one! Oh, it’s a dandy!” Then, he started laughing like an idiot, which just make FumbDuck look upon them both with charitable bemusement.
“Good. Okay, we got about an hour, if they don’t arrive by dark, we continue working until we’re finished, understood?”
A loud cheer went up among the whole assemblage and FumbDuck leaped down and faced Johann. “Morale seems good,” he said.
“That’s a good sign.”
“Let’s hope they have good reason to be confident.”

An hour later, the people all began getting into the positions they had been assigned. The two large ladders were quickly pulled to the top of the ridge. The huge wooden gate was slowly lowered to close the entrance to the pass, while the inner gate was left up and was held in place by large ropes. Several men ran into the pass with large tree trunks and torches. They braced the trunks upon the front gate and then several more men ran in carrying small boulders to place at the base of the timbers.
FumbDuck rode his mighty stallion around and told everyone to be ready. He rode to the back of the village and scanned an area covered by several shrubs and leafy tree limbs to cover an entrance to a natural rock stairwell that was one of only two ways to get up the slope and atop the ridge. At the top of the stairs were Harv and Delores, standing next to a large pile of rocks and bones. Harv waved to FumbDuck as he passed the location. 
“Got yer alarm?” FumbDuck asked. To which Harv held up a large cowbell on a rope. 
“Yes, sir,” he replied.
“If any Guardsmen make it to these stairs, you ring that bell until we can get them off it, okay?”
“Yes,” Harv replied. 
Delores slowly pitched a nice rock slowly up in the air and nodded. “We’re ready,” she said. A look of cool determination covered her face. 
FumbDuck waved again and galloped toward the pass. As he neared the area, he saw Johann sitting on a horse close to the entrance, as well as the rest of the Scumbags. They all looked to FumbDuck as he approached. He waved his hand and firmly commanded, “Okay, take your positions atop the hill by the catapult. We charge as one if any of them make it in, understood?” 
“Aye.” The Scumbags replied in unison. FumbDuck then turned his horse. He looked up at the top of the pass and saw the numerous villagers crouched along the rim, he then scanned the muddy soil around him and spied several heads popping up out of the ditches. He next looked at Johann.
“I think I should stay up on the ridge and coordinate the attacks…timing is critical to this whole operation,” he said to the stout Timbrookian, loud enough so that everyone could hear. “This is your town, and from what I’ve heard, you’re no stranger to conflict.”
Johann sat puzzled, but nodded slowly.
“I want you to lead the charge,” FumbDuck stated. He quickly looked to his men to see how they would react, but none of their expressions changed.
“Me?” Johann asked, quite surprised.
“Yes.”
“Okay. If you think it’s best…alright.”
“Men, listen to his command, you all know what to do after that,” FumbDuck shouted out, “Every one! We work together and we work as one! When they come, give them hell! Our path to redemption starts today!”
A cheer went up among the Scumbags as they quickly galloped to their position atop the hill. Johann glanced over and saw Fred Mealy and Callous Freehand standing next to the catapult. Several large cloth bags that Johann was quite sure was full of some kind of horribleness was stacked around them.
Everyone was tense now and nervous, and those along the top peered down the dark road expecting to see the Royal guard galloping straight toward them at any second.

About an hour later, with no sign of the Royal Guard, everyone took a break and ate dinner. 

Fred had donated two large hogs for the feast and they were spinning slowly around on two long spits. Swamp grass salad and radishes were on the menu as well. Everyone seemed in good spirits as they ate and drank, though many were disappointed that alcohol consumption was strictly monitored by FumbDuck and his men, but ― as they had to explain several times to more than one or two of the drunkards ― they needed everyone sharp by sunup.
“We have a couple of hours to finish up a few things, but after that, everyone should try their best to get a good night’s sleep,” Honcho el Grande commanded, while slowly turning a crank on the spit.
“Aye. We all need our rest…and to wake up at least fairly sober! FumbDuck vehemently replied. “For I guarantee you, they’ll be here early.” 

By the time the sun’s rays could be seen slowly dissolving the darkness of the eastern sky, most of the Homo sapiens inside the confines of the crater were already up and scrounging around for breakfast. Sleep for most of these creatures had been spotty at best, and many had not fallen asleep sober in so long that they couldn’t remember the last time this phenomenon occurred. The fragrance of hot tea drifted through the town as a couple of large pots were being made by Harv, who used the last of his reserves to the immense gratefulness of all who partook of it. The hot infusion was a bit watery, but still very good, and tasted like rose petals and chicory, with a stiff caffeine buzz to boot.

By the time the Royal Guard arrived, everyone was ready, and all eyes stared at the seemingly endless line of stern-faced men slowly splashing through the road.
“Here they come!” Farley shouted out, his white afro concealed under a leather handbag, which he had painted a large white star on the front of, so that it would look more militaristic.
FumbDuck tied his horse off near the rear stairway and bolted across the ridge, passing numerous figures crouched behind rocks or lying prone on the ground. He stared keenly at the horsemen as they neared the entrance. 
He spotted Sergeant Woolsely, dressed in his full Royal Guard battle attire, sitting on his horse and absent-mindedly fiddling with his major-league mustache ― deftly twisting the gray and white strains between his fingers and thumb. 
The sergeant glared quite angrily at the gate that now stood in front of him. His superior, Colonel Karloff, trotted up and glanced over at the whiskered Sergeant, who coughed and declared: “That gate was not here the last time, sir.” 
“No matter,” the colonel replied, “The outcome is inevitable, regardless of their frail defenses.” He pushed his horse forward a couple of steps. “Citizens of Timbrook!” He barked out, “By order of His Majesty, King Hector Cornswallow, open this gate and come out peacefully and no one will be harmed.”
“Sure,” FumbDuck whispered, peering down at the men. Farley and Joe were next to him and leaning against two large barrels. They started giggling like two schoolgirls.
“Oh, if they only knew…” Joe said between snickers.
“Allow us in or there will be grave consequences for all of you!” Colonel Karloff shouted, his voice even louder this time.
FumbDuck rose up a little and stridently replied, “The people of this town have done nothing wrong. They have only defended their sovereignty against a corrupt governor.”
The colonel glanced over at Sergeant Woolsely with a shocked look upon his face. “What insolence!” he angrily exclaimed, before lifting his head a tad and yelling, “That is for us to determine! Now open this gate or you will all be severely punished!”
“Not by the hair of my chiny, chin, chin…” Farley squeaked out loudly, while Joe started crying from laughing so hard.
“Stay focused!” FumbDuck sternly whispered to the two maniacs. He then turned back to the colonel and cried out: “We are willing to negotiate!”
Karloff’s face became beet-red with anger, as he turned to the sergeant. “You were absolutely right, Woolsely! These people are incorrigible!” He swung his horse around and barked to his men: “Weapons up!”
The entire regiment now raised their pikes and swords up in unanimity. The colonel methodically swung his horse back around and shouted up to FumbDuck: “We are the Royal Guard! We do not negotiate! You have ten seconds to open that gate or we will open it ourselves!”
Colonel Karloff raised his brutal chin high and gave a crisp salute, as did Sergeant Woolsely.
FumbDuck turned back to face the town and drew his big, blue sword, which glistened magnificently in the morning sun. He waved it rapidly. The Scumbags, positioned next to the catapult, now unsheathed their swords and waved them high in the air as a form of acknowledgement. Johann did so as well. P’wned, who was next to him said, “Alright, fella’s! Is everyone logged in?”
After a chorus of ‘Ayes’, P’wned shook his head swiftly for a few seconds, before shouting, “This is gonna be a helluva battle…‘cause I’m lagging like a sonuva bast’itch! Okay! Get your quickbars ready! Stick on me or Johann!” He peered around at the group of fighters and gave each a stern look before leaning over to Johann and muttering, “Okay, Johann, wait for FumbDuck’s command and we’ll all go as one.” 
“Right.”
“Good luck,” he added.
“You too.” Johann felt a bead of sweat roll down his brow and onto his cheek. “You nervous, P’wned?”
“We all are,” he replied. He slid his helmet’s dark-gray faceplate down and softly patted his horse. “Don’t worry though, we won’t let you down, regardless of our reputation as cowards.” He looked upon the action commencing around the pass and toward the front of the village and laughed. “Ha! We’re gonna gank those gimpy bastards fo’ sho’!”
Johann took a deep breath and glanced over at the thickly armored soldier. Small rivets rose from the top of P’wned’s shoulder plates, and each wrist was wrapped with a glowing, gold band of metal. 
“Yea!” Johann replied in a loud, but serious, tone of voice.
It was at that moment that the Scumbag named PistolPete suddenly shouted out: “Hey! BostonGuy just went LD!”
“Damn!” P’wned loudly whispered, “Keep an eye out for him, he’ll be LFG when he returns.”
“This battle may cause the whole server to crash…” CrackerWhacker fearfully added.
“Naw…BostonGuy always has connection problems…I think he’s still using dial-up!” Gimpo replied.
“Lol!” FreakShow laughed, “Poor guy needs a definite upgrade!”
“Rofl!”
“Lol”
“Alright! Enough chatter! Stay focused!” P’wned ordered.
Johann listened to the banter with a bit of bemusement. Unlike the others, he was quite anxious concerning the battle that was about to take place, and although he wouldn’t admit it, he was feeling quite apprehensive as the activity grew in intensity before him. He took another deep breath and tightly gripped his horse’s reins. 

Harv and Delores grasped each other’s hands and held their breath. Harv looked around for Garlo but couldn’t find him anywhere.
“Have you seen our favorite psychotic assassin this morning?” he asked his wife.
Delores looked about. “No,” She replied rather angrily, “The schizoid probably left early. He’ll no doubt return when his personality changes back again.”
Harv hummed a response and rubbed his wife’s shoulder. “Stay behind me, just in case the soldiers makes it this far,” he firmly commanded.
Delores lightly laughed before giving him a peck on the cheek. “You bet, hon.”

“Axe-men Forward!” Colonel Karloff bellowed. Several men rode to the front and quickly dismounted. They rapidly ran to the gate and began hammering it with their large battle-axes. Huge splinters of wood flew about as the men grunted with each stroke. They worked in unison and each downward stroke made a horrible sound as it cut and splintered the wood timbers of the gate. 
Sergeant Woolsely, sitting next to the Colonel asked, “Should I have some men begin constructing a battering ram, sir?”
The Colonel looked upon the axes and confidently replied, “No need Sergeant, these men should be able to handle this flimsy excuse for a gate in no time.”
“Yes, sir.”
FumbDuck turned to his right and motioned at four men crouched upon the bridge, they were concealed by a low wooden wall, which they then released from its bindings. It fell away from them and toward the axe-men below, and even though it was not a huge structure ― just a few thin planks of wood bound together ― it struck several of the soldiers on the tops of their heads and brought them down instantly. The townsfolk on the bridge let out a cheer, as a few of the axe-men below slowly staggered back to their feet, while a couple more lay motionless upon the ground.
“Damn their hides!” The colonel belted out. He looked up and saw that the little wall concealed more than just a small number of men, but also had a few barrels as well, which were then quickly tipped over. A large waterfall of murky liquid plunged upon his men and they started immediately hacking. The putrid smell drifted across the line of soldiers and their faces knotted up in disgust.
“Appalling!” the colonel shouted, “More axe-men forward!”
Sergeant Woolsely pointed to a pair of horsemen and commanded, “Clear the area, men!” At which point, two soldiers dismounted and began pulling the unconscious men away from the front of the gate. A new group began swinging upon the wall and a large chasm opened up near each end of the barrier ― where the wood was braced behind the rock face of the cliff. The large wooden struts that were used to wedge the wooden barricade to the rock slowly began to wane. Several axe-men now converged upon these areas and quickly reduced the timber to broken shards, while others coughed and gagged, and feebly swung their axes around without doing much damage at all.
Four villagers started rolling four more casks across the bridge, and nearly all at once, released the oval lids, and tipped them slightly over the edge, discharging several more torrents of vile liquids upon the men below. These concoctions were a bit lumpier than the first, and large chunks of various types of green, viscous materials flopped down upon the men’s heads and arms. They began to uncontrollably gag and a couple even regurgitated their early breakfasts, but the holes in the wall were quit wide now, and those still not incapacitated used their axes to pry off the surrounding planks.
“Almost there, men!” Colonel Karloff barked, holding a pink handkerchief to his nose. He shouted upward to the ridge again, “You are all going to pay for this vile debasement of my soldiers! I assure each and every one of you of that!”
FumbDuck, seeing the gaps in the gate, quickly raised his sword and shouted: “Now! Unleash hell!”
A loud cheer went up, and every person that was crouched down along the ridge swiftly rose and began pelting the soldiers with anything within arm’s reach ― and since they had spent the last couple of days stockpiling every manner of projectile available ― the cache was quite enormous.
The front lines of the horsemen were viciously battered in an ungodly manner at that point. All along the geological barrier stood a line of dark and mud-caked figures, each throwing large objects. Some threw bones and rocks; others tossed jars of putrid liquids, and large globs of mud, and hand-formed balls of lard; a few chucked rotten vegetables, chunks of hardened mashed potatoes, and year-old holiday fruitcakes. The Royal Guardsmen tried to stay in formation, but their horses bucked and neighed and circled around in fear and distress. Some of their riders leaned over their saddles and emptied their stomachs, while others spat and yelped. 
After a rotten egg hit Colonel Karloff on his helmet, he exclaimed, “Good God! What type of combat is this?”
“I told you sir, these people are savages!” Sgt. Woolsely replied, just as a rotten fish-head struck his nose. “Aww!” he cried out, as the malodorous scent invaded his nasal passages, “That is truly vile and disturbing!”
“Bring down that wall!” the colonel then commanded, but the axe-men were getting the worst of it from every angle. Their heads and torsos were covered in sludge and refuse and decayed cabbage leaves. One of the axe-men now ran forward and tied a rope to the cross beam at the top of the wall, before quickly retreating back to the line of men. After tying it to a pair of horses, the riders persuaded their steeds to move back slowly, and as they did, the gate began to buckle. It crackled and splintered, while the horses tried their best to maintain their footing in the fetlock-deep water. Several of the axe-men began pulling on the rope as well, while those near the front collapsed under the continuous onslaught of congealed pig innards and dirty dishtowels.
“Remove those bodies!” the colonel shouted and pointed with his sword. “Heave, men, heave!”
Which many of them did at that point. The colonel frowned and chose his words more carefully.
“Pull, men, pull!
The gate finally gave way and collapsed into the water, as did a number of the axe-men. They quickly got up though, and ran forward again to remove the remnants of the gate.
FumbDuck held his sword high and waved it again. He then pointed it directly at Johann and his colleagues atop the slight hill behind the cathedral.
Colonel Karloff forcefully raised his sword and directed it at the pass, yelling loudly: “Charge!”
The Royal Guard bolted toward the entrance, and even though they were still under constant bombardment, it didn’t slow them to a great extent. The loud sounds of bone, stone, mud, and wooden projectiles bouncing off of their metal helmets echoed throughout the area. A few men took direct shots to the face and nearly fell off their horses amid the onslaught, but for the most part, the horses — and the grim warriors they carried into the pass — were at full speed. The riders yelled ferociously as they entered the dark crevice.
 FumbDuck leaned over the side and quickly looked to the several men readied above the second gate, their mouths were wide open and poised over the two ropes that held the wooden barrier aloft. He carefully leaned over the side of the cliff and started counting horsemen as they passed under him. 
Colonel Karloff lead the advance into the town of Timbrook, but as soon as he saw the ramshackle buildings and heads peeping up out of the ditches, he was hit in the back from the inhabitants upon the ridge. Sgt Woolsely soon joined him, and they both frantically circled their horses, looking for a target to fully unleash their anger upon. Several more riders joined them in quick fashion, but they just looked around confused.
If they had glanced up through the center of town and up the hill a little, they would have probably spotted the town’s large catapult, and if lucky, could have actually seen Fred Mealy pulling the lever down. His partner, Callous, jumped up and squealed when he saw the catapult’s payload lift up into the sky, for it followed the exact trajectory they had worked on perfecting for the last day-and-a-half. The large bag of hog dung and mud hit Colonel Karloff squarely in the torso and burst apart in a large explosion of splattering, smelly gunk. The Colonel fell off his horse immediately upon impact and wallowed around on the ground in a state of stunned, putrid-engulfed, bewilderment. His finely polished dark-gray armor was totally despoiled and took on more of a greenish-brown hue. Sgt. Woolsely and the other men gathering near the front were covered in large globs of splatter from the vile missile. Many were spitting and gagging as the odor hit them, and became easy targets for the stockpile being thrown from above. Several residents rose up out of their ditches and contributed to the onslaught from every direction. A few of the horsemen faltered under the conditions, and merely circled their horses and screamed in uncontrollable fear and desperation.
Colonel Woolsely waved his sword in the air and barked: “Stop! This is outrageous and uncivilized!”
Another Royal Guardsman shouted: “Come and face us, you scum!”
Upon which a large chunk of gooey green algae, also known as pond scum, did just that, and plopped him right in the kisser. 
More horsemen poured into the pass and a bottleneck began to occur near the inner entrance, as those men that had made it through simply circled, waved their weapons in the air, and shouted under the assault.
Sergeant Woolsely pointed to his left and cried out to his men: “Assemble! Assemble!” 
The soldiers around him tried their best to recover. They slowly began to form a skirmish line away from the front of the pass, but another large bag of hog dung from the catapult drenched them all again. A couple fell off of their horses and started gagging, while others, spotting the catapult, finally found something worthwhile to charge.
“There!” one horsemen cried out, “Assemble and charge that line!”
The Guardsmen now spotted Johann and the Scumbags lined up and staring down at them.
“Assemble!” Sergeant Woolsely screamed, while removing a fried chicken wing from his visor, “Attack formation!”
At that moment, FumbDuck shouted: “Fifty! Go! Go! Go!” He brought his sword down and quickly looked over at the two poised Timbrookians, who gnawed through the rope in less than a couple of seconds. They both fell back, suffering slight rope burns on their mouths as the gate quickly fell below them along two sets of guide rails ― expertly designed by Harv Matters ― and impacted deep into the mud below. Several horses were stopped in their tracks and reared up in fear, depositing their riders in the chaos. More horsemen continued to bolt into the now-enclosed space and a pile-up inside the pass began to take place, accompanied by lots of neighing and shouting.
FumbDuck rose up quickly and waved his sword again at Johann, who, seeing both FumbDuck above and the group of men in front of the gate, now stood up in his stirrups. He flipped the faceplate down on ‘Garvok’s Helm’, and proudly raised ‘Giblet’s Cutter’ high into the air. He brought it down quickly, and pointed it at the chaotic assemblage of the Royal Guard.
As he did this, he shouted a name that all the Scumbags knew and respected, but not many Timbrookians probably recognized. Johann had overheard a few of the soldiers telling of a certain hero’s exploits, and speaking his name with reverence and honor. Evidently, he had been a great warrior, who in the distant past had joined a group of others in a daunting battle inside a dark and terrifying dungeon. They were horribly outnumbered, and they knew this, for the rest of his group sat outside the dungeon entrance for many minutes and calculated their probabilities of success, and what weapons and tactics they needed to use in order to win the dangerous encounter ahead.
This one particular fighter though, quickly grew bored of such talk ― and in a rare demonstration of either profound bravery or sheer stupidity ― simply unsheathed his sword and rushed headlong into conflict. His companions, initially shocked by his audacious behavior, soon followed ― and much like they had expected ― were all quickly slaughtered. 
However, because of his refusal to sit back and count up the odds when there were plenty of killings to be done, as well as for the bloodthirsty flourish he exhibited when he charged the horrible lair of monsters, this warrior’s name would go down in history. For he had proudly cried out his very own moniker, at the top of his lungs, as he plunged headlong into the breach, and it was this name that Johann now screamed at full volume, as he swiftly kicked his horse toward the Royal Guard.
“Leeeeeeroy Jeeeenkiiiins!”
He only hoped it would go better for him than it did for courageous Leroy and his doomed companions. 
Atop the ridge, Farley peeked over the side, the handbag-helmet falling off his head and into the chaos below. He turned to Joe and yelled: “Now!”
“Oh, boy! Oh, boy!” Joe jumped up and started clapping. He grabbed six other villagers and they all quickly pried off the tops of the barrels marked with an ‘X’. 
“Hah! Let ‘er rip!” Joe warbled loudly, as each man began pouring the contents into the chasm below. The pale liquid splashed all over the guardsmen and their horses, and quickly made the contained area look like a huge milk spill. The smell was not as vile as the other liquids, but it did possess an acrid, industrial odor. Some of the guardsmen crawled through the goop as they tried to escape out the front entrance, but their way was blocked by row after row of horsemen trying their best to get their stallions to either turn around in the tight quarters, or to back out. 
Once the barrels were empty, Joe and company pushed the spent barrels over the edge and loudly giggled, as several soldiers were knocked insensible. Others looked upward and shook their fists and swords.
Then, Joe — laughing again like a crazed court-jester on acid — assembled his men to start prying open the second group of barrels, marked with a ‘Y’. They each subsequently began pouring the contents of these barrels into the gap as well. This was a yellowish, slightly thicker concoction and it saturated the already distressed menagerie below. 
FumbDuck looked down from the bridge and glanced over at Joe. “Think it’ll actually work?” he asked.
“If it don’t, I’m writing a very nasty letter to that mail-order company!” Joe shouted back. After the barrels were empty, they all three peered into the chasm and watched as an amazing process started to happen. As the two chemicals came in contact with one another, they began to gradually harden. The horses and men began to slow, and every movement seemed increasingly laborious to accomplish. At first, it was like they had all been doused with molasses, as the mixture thickened around them. Horses reared but couldn’t move their back feet, men that were crawling upon the ground slowed, until not moving at all. Arms and legs were beginning to harden in mid-movements, and little by little, the entire pit of chaos steadily, gradually, miraculously, ground to a halt. 
“Ha-Ha!” Joe squealed, jumping about and dancing with Farley, “It’s working! It’s working! Just like the ad said! Ha-ha! Good ol’ eeeee-poxy!”
“We is true artisans!” Farley giggled in response. 
“Amazing!” FumbDuck replied. He looked agape at what appeared to him to be a large expressionist’s sculpture. He quickly turned from his perusal of the magnificent ‘still-life’, when he heard a loud clash. He looked down and saw his men breaking the line of the Royal Guard and turning to fight. 
The surging cavalry of the Scumbags easily cut a wide gouge in the chaotic line of the Royal Guardsmen. Sergeant Woolsely had tried to assemble his men, but amid the confusion and constant bombardment, this desperate attempt became futile. The soldiers were now split into two separate forces, and the Scumbags had regrouped near the pass and were re-forming for another attack. Woolsely held his sword straight out and barked to his men.
“Tighten up! Strengthen the left flank! Regroup!”
The Scumbags bore down upon them, forming a ‘V’ with their horses and attacking both groups of guardsmen upon their inner flanks, driving each cluster further apart. P’wned waved his sword and commanded his side to continue riding before whipping around in a semi-circle, and catching Sergeant Woolsely’s men with their backs to the yellow-striped warriors. They burst right through the middle of the guardsmen’s chaotic mass and began to swing their weapons with ferocious abandonment.
“Time to farm some HP’s, fella’s!” P’wned loudly roared, as his sword came down upon a guardsman’s shoulder. He simultaneously punched another in the back with his large shield. 
Johann blocked a soldier’s hard-swung blade with his own, and the collision numbed his fingers. The force of the blow from the much larger man pushed his left hand down and brought his right shoulder up, and Johann ― spying the guardsman’s rather large beak ― allowed his momentum to carry him forward until his fist collided squarely upon the man’s nose, which immediately erupted in blood. The soldier yelled and raised his sword as his eyes watered, but Johann recoiled and quickly elevated his sword up to the man’s helmet. The hit caused a loud clang as the sword crashed against the metal and severely dented it. A gash opened up on the man’s cheekbone as Johann withdrew his weapon quickly. The guardsmen yelled out as large bubbles of blood blew from his nose. He leaned forward slightly and Johann punched him squarely in the face again, but this time with his left hand ― the hilt of the sword tightly clenched within his fist. The soldier’s eyes rolled in his sockets and he fell off into the mud. 
It was then that Garlo made his appearance, and as always, he entered with a bit of a dramatic flair ― jumping out of the oak tree and landing on the hindquarters of a Royal Guardsman’s horse. He lifted two large daggers, and before the rider could determine exactly what had happened, brought the hilts of both weapons firmly against the sides of the man’s helmet. The man wavered, as his mind was consumed with confusion, while his ears were filled with a high-pitched ringing sound. Garlo grabbed him around the waist and quickly deposited him face-first into the ground, then, the shadowy assassin lightly leapt forward upon the saddle, and when the fallen soldier had staggered to his feet, gave him a swift kick to the back of his head. Grabbing the reins, he turned the horse to the right and barely avoided a pike slashing near him. He swiftly turned back around and sliced the man’s hand. With a pronounced wave of his black cloak, he temporarily blinded the soldier, giving Garlo enough time to bring his dagger between a crease in the man’s shoulder plate and chest plate. The guardsman screamed and clutched his arm while falling to the ground.
Not spending too much time admiring his work, Garlo quickly dived off the horse and knocked another soldier to the ground, at which point the assassin rolled over a couple of times before standing up and giving the soldier a quick kick to the bottom of his chin. The force was so strong that it lifted the man up about a foot or so off the ground, before he fell back unconscious into the soft muck. 
Garlo struck a pose and clapped his hands loudly. “Who wants some?” he yelled, before jumping up and dispatching another Guardsman off his horse. 

Colonel Karloff staggered to his feet and looked around for his sword, but in his dazed state, and with the layer of soft mud that covered the area, he couldn’t even find a hint of his weapon’s whereabouts. Suddenly, he was struck by three, almost simultaneous, large globs of mud to his face and torso. After which, a rotten apple ricocheted violently off of his helmet. He started to point upward and say something, but a massive equine thighbone abruptly clanked off the back of his helmet. He wavered back and forth. Another large bone popped him in the side of the head, which now made him hover about on one leg, while his eyes spun in his head like renditions of cherries in a slot machine. A perfectly smooth rock then dinged the other side of his helmet, and he was almost thankful at that point that he lost consciousness and collapsed face-first into the mud.

Harv and Delores ran to the front of the ridge and continued tossing large rocks and tree limbs at the collection of guardsmen near the pass. Delores, who borrowed Johann’s slingshot, and was quite expert in its use, took out two men with one stone ― when the projectile ricocheted off one soldier’s helmet and into another’s eye socket ― causing him to scream quite loudly. Delores jumped for joy while pointing two fingers at Harv, who reprimanded her by saying: “I warned you! You’re gonna put somebody’s eye out with that thing!”
After a couple seconds of silence, the two laughed and continued their missile-heaving from high atop the safety of the ridge.

Farley stopped his dancing and slapped Joe in the mouth. “Phase Two!” he screamed to the surprised face of his friend, who quickly recovered and squealed in happy approval.
“Hee-hee! Phase Two!”
They ran over to Honcho, who ceased chucking large rocks long enough to help the two lift a narrow wooden ramp into position. It was long and came to a slight, upward curl at the end. Farley and Joe then lifted a huge barrel onto the ramp, and with a loud roar of laughter, let it go. It rolled down and picked up a fair amount of speed until it hit the curve at the end, where it rose up into the sky a little. A thin rope was tied to the end of the barrel and wiggled about in the air ― the other end slowly sliding through Farley’s loose grip. The three men eagerly watched as the barrel rotated in the sky, at which point Farley tugged mightily on the thin piece of rope, and the contents of the barrel flew all over the place. The barrel continued to revolve, spilling its contents in large arcs of all manner of creepy creatures. The barrel itself landed harmlessly in the water, but its contents ― all types of spiders, scorpions, snakes and centipedes fell all over the men assembled outside the gate, which started quite a commotion indeed.
There were about twenty or so horsemen still grouped just outside the outer walls, and they all started madly flailing their hands about, as spiders crawled into their armor and snakes slithered around them. Their horses reared and many riders were quickly deposited into the water. Some soldiers got up, and in a frightened panic, fled the scene immediately ― for even some of the most brave, and excellently-trained, soldiers can’t get over their inexplicable fear of snakes and spiders and other such creepy-crawly things.
Now! Let’s finish ‘em off!” Honcho cried out. They lifted another barrel up and Farley again grabbed the rope, this time however, right before they let it go, Joe gave the barrel a swift slap upon the top, then put his ear to the wood and listened intently. A second later he raised back up and smiled.
“Oh, they’re pissed!”
They released it as before, and Farley tugged the rope that released two large hornet’s nests down upon the men. Many of the beleaguered riders fell into the water instantly, trying to evade the swarm of very upset insects, while their horses, having had enough, quickly galloped away.

Sergeant Woolsely, cursing like a sailor about to be keelhauled, was holding off P’wned. Their mighty swords clashed as the two parried each other’s maneuvers ― meanwhile, their horses slowly circled about and eyed each other in quite a flirtatious manner, for the two equines had become rather taken by the other. 
Sergeant Woolsely brought his sword hard upon P’wned’s ‘Buckler of Tranquility’ and if not for the +25 armor bonus of the heavily-plated bands, the blow would have surely sliced his hand off. Nevertheless, the mighty strike numbed P’wned’s grip upon his blade, and he quickly swung his shield around to take the next blow, but the harsh impact caused P’wned to nearly fall off his love-stricken horse. Woolsely, realizing his opponent was off-balance and unable to strike back, lifted his sword for a killing blow across P’wned’s exposed neck.
At the apex of his swing, just as his muscles tightened and began to move his arm in the direction of P’wned’s anguished face, a loud clang filled his helmet, and suddenly, Sergeant Woolsely was in a pink and light-blue meadow. A small fawn was wiggling its nose at him, and the sky was filled with Baltimore orioles and cardinals from St. Louis. A robin by the name of ‘Hitchcock’ sat upon his shoulder and sang a song about ‘Happy, the Golden Prince’, which Sergeant Woolsely found rather stimulating. He hummed along to the melody as a flock of multi-colored lollipops flew around his head.
P’wned watched as the sergeant fell unconscious off the horse. He landed face-first in the mud, with a large dent in the back of his helmet. Looking up, P’wned saw the grinning face of the Scumbag called TurdMuffin, his extremely over-sized battle-hammer poised ready for another blow.
“Thanks Turdy,” P’wned breathlessly replied, giving a slight nod and wave of his sword to the man that might have just saved his life.
TurdMuffin brandished his hammer about and gleefully proclaimed: “Ha, ‘Serpico’s Hammer of Truthyness,’ that’s +10 strength, and +20 melee speed bonus!”
“Wow! Looks like you’ll get the XP’s for that one!” P’wned yelled back, he then turned his horse, which was quite disappointed in the move, for she was about to give Woolsely’s rather handsome stead her stall number. 
Both men quickly continued their fighting and soon racked up even more experience and skill points for their efforts.

FumbDuck, now leaning over the wood construct that originally held the inner gate aloft, waved his sword frantically and screamed out: “Attack! Attack!”
Everyone along the ridge answered this cry as they flung the ladders back down the side of the slope and began climbing down, while yelling and waving large sticks and pitchforks and other garden implements in the air. Harv and Delores joined the attack as well, chucking various objects at the horsemen as they made their way down the ladder.  
“Attack!” They all screamed, as the ditches now emptied, and Fred Mealy and Callous Freehand even joined in the melee. Several of the soldiers, seeing the peasants coming at them like a ravenous colony of African army ants gave up the fight and began to run. Then, a few more, seeing their fleeing companions, joined right in and began to bolt from the conflict as well. 
An odd scene occurred at that point, as the befouled remnants of the Royal Guard swiftly galloped around the inner circle of Timbrook, while being chased by a mob of residents waving sticks, garden tools, and animal leg bones in the air.
After two laps, and seeing that those men still engaged with the Scumbags were now dropping their swords, the ten or so riders reached into their tunics and pulled out a little red leather bag. They then pulled a small tube out which read: ‘Use only in case of emergency.’
Breaking the tubes in half, they pulled out the enclosed little white flag, and began frantically waving them about.
A great cheer, as well as a couple of hats, went up from all directions. A chorus of ‘Hurrahs’ rang out, in addition to the numerous raisings of swords and hoes, bones, dried cow-pies and grubby hands. A few of the Royal Guard, still perched upon their saddles outside the village ― covered in hornet stings and spider bites ― heard the cheer with horror and shock. They lowered their dejected, bumpy, swollen faces, and swiftly rode back down the waterlogged road to Fouldune
Johann pointed his sword directly at a Royal Guardsman’s face, who, seeing that the battle was lost, quickly dropped his weapon and bowed his head. Others did likewise, and raised their hands upward. Outside the pass, a group of Scumbags and Timbrookians hurriedly laid several ladders down the steep slope and began to collect the welted remnants of the Guard, most of which were trying to keep underwater, for it seemed to soothe their stings and bites. Those that had not ridden off were quickly disarmed and bound with rope and old VHS tape.
“Woot!” FumbDuck yelled at the top of his lungs, “Great job, everyone! Now, let’s get these prisoners tied-up and start chiseling out those that are stuck in the pass!”
Another great cheer went up and the atmosphere was filled with laughter and many, many utterances of ‘Grats’ and ‘Congrats’ all around.
“Ha-ha!” P’wned yelled out, “Level 50! Woot!”
“Congrats!” BostonGuy cried out.
“Major wootage!” TurdMuffin shouted, clapping his hands.
Johann smiled greatly. It was at that point that he noticed something peculiar. He laughed and pointed at P’wned: “Look! Your yellow stripe is gone!”
More of the Scumbags started shouting, as they too noticed that the victory had earned them enough experience points to graduate to level 50 ― a milestone of some kind it seems, for when they had attained this achievement, their yellow-stripes slowly disappeared. Even more ‘woots’ and ‘grats’ were shouted and yelled inside the bowl of Timbrook at that point, and FumbDuck himself received a special bonus level for leading the entire campaign.
Johann raised ‘Giblet’s Cutter’ high into the air and shouted out with much gratitude and joy: “Let’s hear it for the Timbrookian Micro-Brewery Defense Force and the brave B.U.D.D. Light!”
Everyone raised their arms high, and at the top of their lungs, shouted out: “Brew-ha! Brew-ha! Brew-ha-ha!”




Chapter Twenty-Two: The Battle at Corpuscle Creek


Viceroy Jefferson was standing in the middle of Fouldune’s main street, unable to believe his eyes, nose, or ears. 
His mouth slowly opened, and continued to stay open for several minutes. His eyes widened as well, and his face took on a look that might best be described as ‘slack-jawed shock’. His resemblance to the figure in Munch’s famous painting ‘The Scream’ was truly remarkable, although he didn’t clasp his hands over his ears, and his body wasn’t all curvy like the one in the masterpiece. However, what the viceroy was hearing could have most certainly turned his body into an undulating mass, but an old back injury would not permit such flexible maneuvers.
Finally, his tongue moved about a smidgen, as did his teeth, and he was able to form a few short breaths into something resembling words. 
“What do you mean?” he softly asked.
A Royal Guardsman, covered in filth and welts, breathed deep and continued his testimony, “They’ve all been captured, sir.”
The viceroy didn’t react ― not even a single blink. “What do you mean?” he asked again, thinking maybe the answer would be different this time.
“We were…defeated, sir. You are looking at the only members of the regiment that managed to escape,” the pitiful-looking soldier replied. His eyes were puffy and swollen, and looked as if someone had stuck two huge, pink clams to the front of his head.
Viceroy Jefferson keenly studied each member of the foul group. He counted them all again. 
“There are only six of you here,” he muttered, while looking to see if he had somehow miscounted, and another ninety-four horsemen were hiding somewhere.
“Yes, sir. The rest are either prisoners…or dead.”
“But, that’s impossible,” he garbled, “Where’s Colonel Karloff?”
“Captured or dead, sir.”
“And Sergeant Woolsely?”
“Captured or dead, sir.”
The viceroy turned and stared down the road. He was standing in front of the Town Center Building, which, after the death of Gravy Acklander, had been locked-up tight. 
Coincidentally, the last stragglers of a parade celebrating the death of the governor were just finishing their march through the streets, and were making their way down to the river, where Gravy’s body was to be buried in an old septic pit. The crowd all wore large wading boots, for there was sure to be some major celebratory urinating on the ex-governor’s grave today.
The viceroy had arrived in Fouldune just in time to see the last vestiges of his army drag their defiled selves back into town. A messenger that had been sent a couple hours ahead of him had never made it for some reason, though some people claimed that he had stopped in at ‘Vera’s’ for a ‘quickie’, and didn’t exit the establishment for nearly a week. It was rumored the only reason he left at all was because he had to urgently go and see a doctor.
Viceroy Jefferson and his bodyguard, a large man by the name of Otis, stood in the middle of the road and eyed the collection of pathetic creatures that were assembled in front of them. The viceroy’s face wrinkled into a fleshy square of confusion and fretfulness. He silently cursed himself, and blamed his profound love for paintings of Vas Deferen the Great ― done on black velvet ― in causing his delay. He would have surely made it to Fouldune on time if only he hadn’t stopped in Carbuckle to shop at a local ‘Arts and Craft Fair’. He purchased two such paintings, which he had planned to hang on either side of his couch.
“How was the entire regiment…destroyed?” he asked in a low, measured voice. Deep inside his furrowed quadrangle, he was wondering where he was going to put those two paintings now.
“Sir, they used every means available to them, and they apparently had the help of some well-armed soldiers…those weren’t just peasants,” the rider replied.
Viceroy Jefferson’s eyes darted around the scene again. He whispered to himself, “Prince Vespius will surely have my feet for this…”
He deeply exhaled before suddenly turning to his bodyguard and barking, “Otis, my fine friend and protector, I will always regard you in the most highest esteem. I will forever be grateful for your loyalty and service, especially after you saved me from the throes of that ravenous band of furniture liquidators a couple of years ago!”
Otis nodded slowly, with one cocked eyebrow and a slightly puzzled expression upon his brutish face. The viceroy patted him on the shoulder, “However, I have no further need of your services…and cannot possibly afford your extremely high salary without further tax-payer subsidies.”
The two shook hands before the Viceroy turned to the group of soldiers. “I command you men to clean yourselves up and return to the town of Timbrook…under a white flag…and retrieve any bodies for burial. You are to accompany those bodies back to Rottweillor.”
The horsemen nodded their heads in approval. The viceroy then took off his large, red sash, which had ‘Viceroy! That’s me!’ printed in hefty yellow letters upon it; as well as his bright red beret. After that, he reached into his pocket and grabbed a handful of keys that went to his office inside the pentagon-shaped ‘Department of Rottweillor Military Affairs’, and handed them over to the muddy-faced horseman, as well as the key to the luxury bathroom that he shared with the Duke of Homeland Security. 
“As my last official act, I am resigning my post as Viceroy of Military Affairs…while I still have a leg, or a foot, to stand upon,” he proudly proclaimed, before deeply bowing. 
He then jumped upon his horse and rode off for Valdorlok as fast as his mighty steed could take him ― never to be seen again.
The mounted guard looked around quite befuddled, while holding the bundle of items in his grubby paws. One of his colleagues leaned over and asked, “Does that make you viceroy now?”
“God, I hope not…” the beleaguered soldier replied.

*****

Her soft, pale, feet lightly graced the smooth stone of the stairway. The long white dress she was wearing slipped across each step and elegantly slid behind her as she ascended. Her hands were clasped in front of her waist. A thin, golden, rope encircled her body just above the hips; the two loose ends dangling down to her knees. The billowing sleeves lightly ruffled with each slow and deliberate movement she made. Her golden hair, expertly interweaved with garlands of ivy and goldenrod stems, flowed down in large curls to midway down her back. Her head was bowed throughout most of the journey, but on occasion, she would raise her chin high in the most austere and queenly of gestures. One look upon her revealed her majestic dignity, as well as her familiarity with nobility; it was inherent in her every action. 
A few steps behind her were various members of her court, dutifully following her on the journey. The group included an entourage of assistants, local bureaucrats, diplomats, priests, assorted yes-men, and hangers-on. She stopped for a second and motioned to one of the followers to accompany her.
Matilda LeMarr bowed her head at the gesture. She then quickly climbed the stairs until she was standing next to her sovereign, and the two silently continued the ascent of the stone stairs.  
It was Sunday, and as was customary, the ruler of Valdorlok made her weekly pilgrimage to the Evolver monument, high atop Valdorlok Mountain ― to look upon the great statue of the king and to gaze out upon the expanse of the city.
Though some of the previous rulers had looked upon the custom as a bit of an irritating chore, Queen Saline enjoyed the hike, for it allowed her a few hours of quiet contemplation and a little exercise outdoors.
Matilda repeatedly glanced over at her and wondered what the stately ruler was pondering. A slight wind whistled up from the city, and caused Saline’s flowing, white dress to break the stillness with a movement of fabric. At an oval landing, the queen stopped and looked out over the city. Just below her were the spires of the Valdorlok Monastery and Church, next to that was the great castle itself, surrounded by extensive walls and towers. Beyond, stretching out to the horizon, were the fertile farmlands, and beyond those, far away, but still easily discernible, was the Northern Gate. 
Another breeze lifted a few blonde hairs around Queen Saline’s green and gold tiara, and she closed her eyes. Her crimson lips parted. 
She seemed to be breathing it all in. 
“You leave in the morning, Tildy. Are you sure you want to go through with this?” she whispered.
Matilda gazed out at the cityscape. “Yes,” she replied.
Saline turned and looked upon her. She lightly smiled, but there was a look of apprehension in her eyes. “What if he’s not there?”
“Who?” Matilda asked, her eyes lifting upward.
“Why, Oldsmobill, of course.”
“Yes, of course.” Matilda smiled, gradually turning to look at her queen, “He may be there. He may not. He’s on his quest and I’m on mine. I hope the two combine somehow in the near future, but I can’t defer my mission for him.”
“And what is your mission, Matilda?” 
“To save this city…and you.” 
She said the words so plainly that Saline was briefly taken aback —a reaction she was rather unfamiliar with. She moved a strand of her blonde hair away from her eyes.
Matilda frowned and took a deep breath. “Up until a few days ago, I didn’t know how horrible Vespius truly was. We’ve all heard stories, rumors, legends, and gossip…but I didn’t think all of it was true. But, now I realize that Vespius actually is evil…and I don’t want him in our city.” Matilda growled a little with the last part, while Saline stared off at Valdorlok Castle’s highest tower. Her eyes focused upon a small, stained-glass window that was just below the triangular parapet. Her father had died up in that room, after several years of madness.
Matilda spoke, “So, even if I don’t find Olds there…I still have something to achieve.”
“What are you planning, Tildy?”
“Only to do what I specialize in…diplomacy and negotiations.” 
Queen Saline started to smile. A gust of wind blew across their faces. The queen looked a little further out and stared at the monumental northern gate lying in the distance. “The Andestas have been quiet this summer,” she stated.
Matilda turned her gaze to the edifice of the northern gate and solemnly replied. “Yes, it has been a very quiet year there.”
“Ever since I was a child, they have attacked us. Every year,” Queen Saline said, “They bring their crude catapults and rickety ladders and they try us. They explore our defenses and see if we have weakened any since the previous year. Every Spring they have come, right after the rains. Every year they have failed.”
“Usually, there’s at least a large camp across the river…but this year…nothing.” 
“Their catapults gouge our walls for several months, and in the fall, when they finally leave, we begin the repairing and rebuilding efforts all over again. When spring arrives, we finish our work, and wait. Within weeks, as the weather warms and the Mea Culpa lowers, the Andestas, or some other northern tribe always come. Every year. It is sad to say, but it has become…an annual cycle.”
Matilda looked upon the stately figure with an expression of admiration and respect. The queen turned to her and gazed upon her friend with a serious and suspicious look in her emerald eyes. “But, not this year,” she said in a curious tone, that seemed to be leading Matilda to a logical conclusion. 
She then turned and resumed her pilgrimage up the stairs. “I don’t know…is it a coincidence?”
Matilda soon followed. She was dressed in white as well, with a small, knitted shawl around her shoulders. Her dark hair was fashioned into a large bun upon her head, and small wisps curled off the nape of her neck. Dangling just above her breasts was a small silver locket that had several dried flower petals enclosed inside ― the remnants of a bouquet that a quirky knight on a strange quest had given her during their first and only date.
“Our information concerning the invaders is quite weak and unreliable. It does seem strange that…” She looked upon the queen’s face, while nervously rubbing the locket. “They would choose this year…the time of your wedding to not attack.”
“Perhaps amassing in the forests…and waiting?” she asked.
“All the more reason to call Vespius’ bluff…and at least postpone the ceremony.”
Saline stopped. She slightly turned. Her face was covered with the usual look of calm and thoughtful resignation, but just a hint of frustration was evident in her voice, “Tildy, my friend. You know as well as I, that I can’t cancel this marriage. Why do you persist in this?”
Matilda bowed her eyes; her fingers still rubbing the locket. “M’lady, you are a proud and sincere woman, and you are my friend and my queen…so, please forgive me for saying this…but, this marriage was arranged long ago by your father and King Hector, you are not bound by their agreement.” She looked up at Saline’s face for any sign of accord at what she had said, but the monarch only sighed and continued her ascension. 
“My father knew the consequences of his action, but he saw the greater good that would come of it with the houses of Delecroix and Cornswallow united. It was hoped that King Piddy’s heir would marry our heir, and subsequently, unify the entire region under one name…and one family.”
Saline looked upward at the statue of Evolver and broadly smiled. She seemed at peace with her decision. It was a choice that she had been forced to make long ago. 
Matilda sighed, “Do you think your father foresaw Vespius’ desire for power?”
Queen Saline paused, glancing again upon the city. “Do you think it would’ve made any difference if he had?’

*****

“What is it?” Oldsmobill whispered.
Luke peered intensely into the darkness of the forest. He was completely silent and still. He didn’t move a muscle, not even the ones usually utilized to move his eyeballs. He lifted his left hand and began pointing in the direction of the thick woods ahead of the group. 
Matty’s horse stirred and snorted, and everyone except Luke looked upon him with stern expressions upon their faces. Matty shrugged, saying: ‘It wasn’t me. It was my horse…what can I do?’
After a few more silent moments, Luke called out: “C’mon! Let’s move!” He pulled his stead strongly to the right and gave it a quick kick.
The rest of the group soon followed suit, and after a few seconds of confusion, aligned themselves behind Luke Carpenter, as he led his horse through the forest. Matty looked to his brother and called out, “Luke! What did you see?”
“Not a thing…but my ears picked up the sounds of battle! Over there by Corpuscle Creek! We must hurry!” Luke replied. He pointed to his left before steering his horse around a series of large, moss-covered boulders that lay around the dense forest’s floor.
“Who? Where?” Olds asked, his head pivoting in all directions.
Mark smiled at the knight-errant and replied, “My brother’s ears are like that of a rabbit…not in form, mind you, but in function, yes. He has heard something beyond yonder hill!”
Oldsmobill nodded his head, “But, what sort of battle would be waging in these lands?”
“Dunno,” Mark replied, “It could be a warfare party, a local skirmish, or perhaps just a large wind-chime. We go to investigate! For we Carpenters are quite the curious sort, and have our noses in almost everything!”
The troop began moving for a lightly foliated patch of woodland. Luke continued to lead them with determined anticipation. He moved his head around every so often as his exceptional ears focused in on the sounds like two satellite dishes searching for alien radio waves. Once, when he was thirteen, he even heard a tree fall in the woods, though there was no one around for miles.
 His brother, John, rode alongside Oldsmobill and nervously asked, “Is it the Royal Guard?”
Olds looked over and shrugged. His face was covered with a mixture of confusion and focused intensity. Luke led the group into an open, grassy area that was dotted with numerous tall shrubs and small spindly maple trees. Once they had reached the clearing, Luke turned in his saddle and yelled back, “I heard the sounds of swords and shields clashing together, and cries of men in agony. We will swing around this hollow and get a good look when we reach that hill across the field.”
“Perhaps it is your colleagues, Olds!” John yelled.
“Aye, but look there!” Matty suddenly cried. He pointed up at the sky. “Dark clouds moving rapidly in from the west! The work of a cursing wizard, no doubt!”
A loud crack of thunder rumbled overhead as a bolt of lightning creased the ever-darkening skies. The Carpenter brothers anxiously looked one to another. Gatsby yelped as another lightning charge splintered across the sky. “What manner of magic is this?” he asked, hunkering down in his saddle.
“The conjurings of a foul-mouthed magician with a very bad temper!” Oldsmobill exclaimed.
Luke led his horse back to the right and began moving along the edge of the woods that extended up the rise. The line of riders soon reached the top of the hill and approached a gap in the surrounding forest. Below them was a large grassy valley. A thin stream of muddy water cut through it diagonally, and the landscape was covered with large, moss and lichen-covered, boulders. Just to the south was the old road that connected Walder to Rottweillor. 
“There!” Luke cried out, pointing to the southeastern corner of the valley. 
The men slowed as they peered down into the basin. Each lifted in their saddles. Another loud boom of thunder caused them to shudder. Mark’s stead reared and loudly neighed. 
Below them they saw a line of armored horsemen grouping together ― they were turning and beginning to form a line. Their black armor and brilliant standards showed that they were members of the Cornswallow Royal Guard. They numbered about seventy in all and were quite mechanical in assembling into their attack formation. Across the field was another line of men, this group all had many different colors of armor, and they too were re-forming a line for attack. Leading the configuration was a man dressed in a bright green vest with yellow tights. He was waving a large sword around his head. The group tightened its arrangement, as he lowered his weapon to where it pointed directly at the opposing force. The Scumbags’ yellow stripes glowed brilliantly in the light of the overcast sky. They started to gallop as one large mass of man and horse ― the sounds of their beast’s hoofs, and the banging of swords and shields, and clanging armor, echoed throughout the valley.
“Weapons to the ready!” Mark Carpenter suddenly shouted, and each of his brothers briskly pulled their bows from off their shoulders and began tightening the straps on their quivers of arrows. They looked upon one another and yelled when ready. Gatsby pulled a thin sword from its scabbard and then detached a small shield from off his back. He quickly thrust his hand and wrist thru the leather strap of the metal ellipse and raised it high above his head. 
“Ready!” he cried out. His eyes were thin but acutely attentive to the action proceeding in the valley, and even though he had never been in a battle before, his nerves seemed quite steady. 
Matty pulled out ‘Bladenstock’, a sword given to him by RealMenWearPurple, and gazed upon the weapon’s sharp and refined edge. He lifted his eyes slowly from the glistening steel and looked down upon the valley. The lines were drawing closer. The sound of the many hoofs being drowned out by the cries of the men on each side as they neared each other. Matty gazed upon the banner of the Cornswallow Royal Guard as it waved in the air above a horseman. 
“Hurry!” Matty cried out, “The Scumbags are badly outnumbered!”
Oldsmobill’s horse cut a line in front of the assemblage. He was tightening the strap of his helmet as he turned to the bowmen and called out. “We will stay in front and protect you! Do your worst!” 
He then pulled a pair of armored gloves from his saddlebag, which were a gift to him from FumbDuck. They were made by one of the crafters in the Scumbag squadron, but were considered lowbie armor at best, and had no special powers. He flipped the facemask down on his helmet and pointed his silver-armored hand straight at the action, declaring, “We stay together and engage only those that come after our archers!”
“Aye!” Gatsby yelled.
“You keep them off us and we’ll pierce their damnable hides!” Mark shouted, “Though we are few in number…our quivers are full and our aim is quite excellent!” 
Matty kicked his horse and rode alongside Olds. He shook his head and pointed Bladenstock at the conflict. “For our family and our friends!” he yelled.
The whole group cheered as they began to thunder down the hill. Oldsmobill, Matty and Gatsby were out front, followed closely behind by Luke, Mark, and John. They continued to yell as they saw the two lines of the forces collide with one another. A loud crash reverberated into the expanse of the meadow ― as armor, weapons, shields, and flesh impacted one with another. The air was suddenly filled with the clanging of steel upon steel and cries of men and horses alike. A large bolt of lightning hit the woodlands behind the conflict and sent shards of glowing wood and fire into the sky.
Oldsmobill pointed the mighty sword ‘Elvis’ toward the clamorous conflict. He gritted his teeth, and tightened his hands around the reins of his horse. “Now’s our chance to deal a blow to the crown prince’s schemes!” Olds cried out. He then caught a flash of movement to his right and quickly glanced in that direction. Right next to him was Matty, his eyes narrowed in steely resolve, his mouth slightly opened and revealing his teeth. His green stocking cap drenched in sweat, and covered with little white puffs of lint. Beyond Matty, however, was another figure, coming slantwise at them. 
The figure was dressed in a flowing, camouflaged, cloak that billowed in the wind behind him. On his head was an ovular green helmet that had small branches and leaves interweaved in a thin, net-like material. A bright white star emblazoned the very front of the helmet and a pack of cigarettes was on the side, held there beneath a thin leather strap. 
He was riding a camouflage-painted llama and waving a bazooka. 
“Master Bates!” Oldsmobill cried out, as the magician soon joined the line of riders. The wizard lowered the bazooka and briefly smiled. His face was covered with many different shades of green and brown greasepaint, and he had two small leafy stems sticking out of his ears.  
“We’re in range! Slow up!” Luke shouted, and after a brief look behind, Oldsmobill eased his horse a little as a volley of arrows flew overhead. The Batesman busily examined his weapon and tried to decipher the strange words that were stenciled upon it. He moved the huge cylinder around and around and even looked down the barrel once or twice.
“Anybody know how to work one of these things?” he frantically asked.
Olds was about to say something when another volley of arrows pierced the sky above his head. He quickly turned in his saddle and watched as the arrows found their mark deep within the rear lines of the Royal Guard’s formation. He then scanned the conflict and saw the multi-colored armor of the Scumbags as they fought courageously. Olds then caught a glimpse of Captain Tim ― as he clashed his way through the line of the Guard. The bright green commander’s sword rose above the commotion, only to disappear again, only to abruptly rise again, seconds later. 
The Scumbags had formed a wedge and were digging deep into the cluster of Guardsmen. Unfortunately, they were also being out-flanked and slowly surrounded. Oldsmobill looked upon the battle with some dismay. If his group didn’t do something, the tide of the battle could quickly turn against the Scumbags and they might be easily routed. 
Another volley was away and Olds turned his horse to the Carpenters. “It’s not enough, I’m afraid!” he cried out. He quickly turned to the green wizard, who was looking upon the bazooka with the same befuddled and anxious look upon his face. “Master! You must do something!”
The wizard gave him an annoyed look, before dropping the bazooka upon the ground. “Roger that!” he exclaimed. He raised his arms to the sky and started chanting: “Klaatu Barada Nikto!” 
Oldsmobill turned his horse and again gazed upon the conflict. A large roll of thunder slowly began to grow louder and louder. Each of the riders in Olds’ group sat upon their horses motionless and staring into the sky. Above them, they saw a great billowy cloud, slowly expand and undulate beneath the darker, swirling clouds. It was quite puffy and bright, and rather cartoonish-looking, as it appeared to have been colored with a large crayon. The men’s eyes continued to ponder it in silence, as the great cloud made its way to a position above the conflict. 
Oldsmobill’s suspicious left eyebrow slowly began to rise. His lips began to curl. After a louder clap of thunder, the cloud opened up, and the skies above the battle were suddenly filled with what at first appeared to be falling snowflakes.
Olds’ tongue started to gradually move inside his mouth until it pressed against his cheek. He began to groan. As he studied the falling snowflakes he quickly came to realize that they were not actually snowflakes at all, but were more like small, falling, globules of a strange, white substance. Upon impact, the globules splattered and appeared quite sticky and thick as they inundated the combatants on both sides of the fray.  
Oldsmobill then slowly moved his eyes over to gaze upon his master’s face. The wizard was squinting and shaking his head. 
“What…the hell?” the knight-errant asked his mentor. 
The Batesman blinked his eyes and rubbed his temples. “Oh, my…”
“What type of magic is this?” Luke asked. His face full of shock and disbelief.
“It’s raining marshmallow crème…me thinks,” the wizard replied in quite an embarrassed tone, “With, what appears to be… a number of styrofoam packing-peanuts.”
Olds now started to rub his temples as well. “Good grief! You should take that magic wand…and shove it where the sun don’t shine!”
Master Bates lifted his eyebrows and stuck out his tongue. “You mean Seattle?”
Matty suddenly interrupted and yelled, “Look! Look!” He pointed to the battle and every man in the group peered down upon the scene. 
The small globules of marshmallow crème began to accumulate on the ground, and on the tops of the men’s helmets. It covered their shoulders and their horses. As the battle waged, each well-swung sword sent globs and dollops of the gelatinous material into the air, and splattering upon men’s facemasks and shields. Horses and men alike began slipping and sliding in the goo, and apparently, when weapons failed, they began to throw large handfuls of the material at each other. 
“Hey!” the Batesman cried out, “It’s slowing things down a little…” He quickly pointed to the southeast and added, “Now’s our chance! Follow me! We’ll go after the enemy’s leaders at the end of the line! Arm your bows and raise your swords! The fight is upon us, boys!” With that, he kicked his llama and made out for the rear of the Royal Guard’s formation. 
The rest of the group didn’t move. They just sat on their horses and watched the army-issued-garbed wizard ride off ― waving his arms in the air like a spastic cheerleader. 
Finally, Olds shouted, “He’s right…crazy as a loon, yes…but, absolutely right. We’ll head for the rear of the Guard’s line and try and take out their commanders!” 
“Yea!” Luke cried out, “Let’s put our small band to good use!”
Soon, the entire group was speeding parallel to the conflict. As they approached the conflict, Mark spotted a familiar figure within the action. Pointing, he cried out: “There! General Reaver!” 
He armed his bow and let an arrow fly toward the commanding figure ― just for the hell of it. He didn’t get a good aim on the general, and riding at full speed didn’t help much either. The arrow veered left and caught a soldier next to Reaver in the shoulder. The general heard the man cry, and instinctively looked up the hill, and saw the approaching group of attackers. 
The stern-faced man commanded, “To the right! A group of archers!” Several horsemen around him rapidly turned and began galloping in the direction of Olds and company. Their crème-covered swords waved viciously in the air.
The Batesman, a little closer to the action, spied the oncoming threat and yelped, “Uh-oh…now you did it!” He slowed his llama and started searching through his saddlebags for a sword, or a sharpened spoon.
The rest of the group soon reached him. Matty cried out, “You better conjure up a decent weapon, wizard! One that you know how to use!” 
Master Bates looked up with an aggravated look upon his camouflaged face. Pulling out an egg-beater, he waved it in the air and warbled, “I’m a lover, not a fighter!” 
At which point Matty took matters into his own hands, and quickly leaned over and slapped the magician in the back of the head.
“Ack!” The Batesman screamed, “Dammit it to hell! Stop doing that, you sadistic bastard!”
A vicious hailstorm soon engulfed the entire valley.
“Oh my,” the wizard yelped, while rubbing his jaw and looking up to the darkened sky, “This could get ugly…” He stared out at the battle as small hailstones rained down upon the hundred or so men, which collectively started rattling like a tin roof in a downpour. The loud ‘pings’ and ‘dings’ could be heard for miles and many nearby residents thought it a traveling marimba band. The hail impacted with the crème and the  peanuts, and caused the atmosphere of the meadow to be filled with large and small drops of white. 
The area started to resemble a life-sized snow-globe that some great deity had decided to shake furiously. 
Amid the chaos, Luke steadied his bow and called out, “Rapid fire, brothers!” He and his siblings began launching arrows as fast as they were able to load, aim, and release. The ten or so Royal Guardsmen that were swiftly approaching them were now riding through waves of arrows and dime-sized balls of hail. Three of them fell off of their horses almost immediately, while the others had arrows ricocheting off of their helmets and shields. By the time they reached Oldsmobill, Matty and Gatsby, only four remained in their saddles. 
Olds pulled his horse to the left and deflected a guardsman’s pike with his sword. He then grasped the weapon just above the man’s outstretched arms and pushed it down toward the ground. The guardsman’s head was then exposed and Olds brought his armored hand across the man’s jaw. Blood, spit and globs of sugary goodness spattered into the air, as the soldier crumbled off his horse. 
Another man was clashing his sword with Gatsby, who answered every slash and thrust with a defensive parry of his own. He brought his shield up and slammed it against his opponent’s shoulder, knocking him out of his stirrups. Three arrows pierced the man’s chest before he even hit the ground. 
Matty meanwhile, was repeatedly bringing his sword down upon another guardsman’s pike, creating great gouges in the wood of the shaft. The clever klepto then began pounding the man in the face with the furry, fake llama-head that he had untied from the back of his saddle. The wet fur clogged the man’s nose and mouth, and even though he tried his best to resist the urgent and overwhelming need to sneeze, his allergies got the best of him. Matty pierced the soldier’s thigh during the uncontrollable ‘ah-ah-ah…’ bit. The besieged man “choo’ed” and screamed in pain at almost the exact same time. A strike with the hilt of the sword to his head took him off his horse and landed him in a large pile of puffy marshmallow crème.
By the time Olds, Gatsby, and Matty had finished with their quarry, the fourth guardsman was yelping and already screaming “Surrender! Surrender!” They looked over at the poor fellow, who had been knocked off his horse and was now running around in circles. He held his buttocks tightly and leaped high into the air, as small bolts of lightning sparked against his backside. Master Bates sat proudly on his camouflaged llama and continued to send streams of electricity from his fingertips.
“I surrender! For god sakes! Stop!” the guardsman yowled.
“Oh! I love the smell of roasted marshmallow,” the Batesman answered. He looked upward and tapped his chin, “You wouldn’t have a few graham crackers on you, perchance?” 
The poor soldier whimpered, “Please, sir! No magic in the world will ever make me as tasty as a nice warm s’more!”
The wizard nodded his head, “Tell ya what…if you run as fast as you can up that hill, and away from here, I will not again shock thy pimply ass.”
The guardsman began running as fast he could. He turned around only once to shout out, “Thank you kindly, capricious, conjurer. You will see o’ me no mo’!” He swiftly ran away and soon vanished beyond the top of the hill. The heap of marshmallow crème covering his backside was charred black and smoldering.
Oldsmobill looked back at the conflict and saw that the Scumbags were still holding their own against Reaver’s men. The yellow-striped warriors were in a large circular formation and slowly expanding that circle as they fought Royal Guardsmen on almost all sides now. General Reaver, spotting a weakness, now led another contingent from the rear and collided with the front of the Scumbags’ circle of defenders. The commander harshly yelled, pressing his men forward, for he felt that victory could be had if he could break the front of the Scumbag line, and penetrate the ring of the cursed combatants. Captain Tim Pestuous ― the top of his head covered with a very nice dollop of crème and peanuts ― cried out to his men and met the opposing force head-on.
On the other side of the field, Luke Carpenter led his brothers around the rear of the Royal Guard’s line, and each of the skilled archers continued their hasty firing of arrows into the throng of the sticky militia. Many horsemen fell in the onslaught, but many others began to break from the formation and ride directly at the brothers. Oldsmobill, Matty, and Gatsby quickly galloped from the side and brought their swords down hard upon the Guardsmen. The riders of Cornswallow, now trapped between arrows and swords, rapidly fell.
With his companions now engaged in the battle, Master Bates found himself all alone, and he looked around, rather befuddled. “My posse!” the magician cried out. “Why hast thou deserted me?” He tightly closed his eyes and tried to remember a spell he had once seen in a late night infomercial on the Magician’s Television Network (MTN), a satellite subscription service that practitioners of the black arts could pick up nightly on their dental fillings for a small monthly fee. “What were those words?” Master Bates muttered to himself. He slapped himself several times in the forehead and bit his lip.
Breaking away from his brothers, Mark began moving along the Guard’s left flank. His brothers soon followed. Within moments, they had wrought so much damage upon their enemies that a line of the Scumbags broke through the encircling arm of Gaurdsmen. Wreznor was the first through, and he brought ‘Griffinor’s Mace’ down upon the heads of several men that were turned away from him. Right behind him was RegattaDeBlanc ― looking rather spiffy in his mithril armor and his ‘Helmet of Dire Diaries’. He quickly turned his horse and faced the backs of the guardsmen fighting Captain Tim, and rapidly took a couple out of commission.
The entire left flank of the Royal Guard was soon broken, and a group of Scumbags poured through like water spewing from a gaping hole in a dam. Their mighty horses were rapidly turned back upon the now-exposed flank, and brought the attack to the dwindling force. General Reaver frantically ordered his men to thrust leftward, lest they be surrounded. His men attempted to do as he had commanded, but soon fell prey to the Carpenter brothers’ barrage of arrows.
Oldsmobill now entered the fray and began slicing his way along the rear contingent. Gatsby was right beside him, his sword slashing through the air while his shield clanged with many a deflected blow. Matty, meanwhile, was busy fighting a spearman that had come after his brothers. He slapped one in the face with his llama head, and then brought the hilt of his sword across the prow of another.
After watching the rider fall to the ground, a glistening light suddenly caught his eye. He turned, and saw, approaching ― at great speed and fury ― a fully armored llama, bearing a khaki-colored wizard wielding a huge, golden gardening hoe in one hand and a large, vicious-looking rake in the other. Master Bates hollered like a savage and dove into the conflict ― brandishing his gardening tools like a homicidal landscaper. Helmets and swords fell away from him ― men spied his dreadful visage and quickly fled ― horses reared in horror at the sight of his fiery-eyed llama, which spat large globs of phlegm at any beast or man that was within spewing range. Thunder rolled across the sky and great white streaks of lightning lit up the surrounding forests. It rained very hard for a few moments and then it sleeted a little and then the emtire meadow was inundated by a deluge of lentils, cashews, and small metal rivets. 
The great sword Elvis was suddenly raised high, and Oldsmobill’s voice was heard above the clamoring din, “Their lines are breaking! Divide and conquer!” He kept his sword high and galloped into the mass of men, followed by Gatsby, and the three Carpenter brothers ― having discarded their bows and now displayed their gleaming short-swords. A loud cry was heard coming from the Gaurdsmen, for their confidence was waning, and seeing their attackers upon every side, they began to panic and search for any opening they could find to flee.
“The tide of battle hast surely swung favorably for us meat-heads!” Captain Tim cried out, “Let your swords sing and swing, lads! Lest the current takes a contrary turn!”  He then let out a loud battle-cry of his own and led his men further into the heart of the conflict. He rapidly brought his sword down upon many a Gaurdsmen and screamed like a madman with each blow, “Ahgahla-pizzle wangle stooka stum-stum!” 
“Look!” Wreznor called out to his contingent of men, “Our leader has succumbed to the blood-lust! He fights with equal amounts of furious abandonment and stark-raving lunacy! Go to him, and soothe the beast, before he kills us all!”
“Aye,” replied TrollKiller321, “It is a scary sight to behold when he gets wound-up like that. I watched him lob-off the heads of three innocent bystanders during the famous ‘Scatville Skirmish’ of 1157.” 
The Scumbags began to fight their way toward their crazy-eyed leader, who now screamed like a vicious tea-kettle and began foaming at the mouth. “Ack-a-logga-vooly-kazaloo!” Captain Tim now prattled vehemently, while waylaying any living thing that dared to cross his googly-eyed vision. 
Oldsmobill and Master Bates were side-by-side and harshly making their way deep inside the enemy throng. The magician’s loud curses continued to make a mess of the atmosphere, while his maniacal wielding of the garden implements brought much injury to his adversaries. Oldsmobill meanwhile swung the mighty sword Elvis back and forth, in an almost methodical manner. Pikes were thrust at him and he dodged and blocked their movements as he hacked at swords and shields. He reared his horse in a defensive measure, but found that the maneuver produced a great deal of additional leverage on the subsequent down-swing of his weapon
Suddenly a large hammer hit him flush in the back and sent him flying off his horse. He landed hard upon the ground and lost the grip of his weapon, which spiraled away from him. He struggled to breathe amid the chaos, for the blow knocked the wind out of him. He gasped as he crawled forward and attempted to rise to his feet. He was dazed, and surrounded by horses and riders, and pushed roughly about by the great beasts. He began to bounce around inside the commotion like a chain-mailed pinball.
As the stars in his vision slowly began to diminish, Olds looked up and saw himself a few feet from General Reaver. Olds quickly took off his helmet and fiercely flung it at Reaver’s bean, and it dinged off his barrel-shaped headgear. The general rapidly shook his head after the impact, and then turned to face the plucky knight. He grunted loudly and began galloping towards Olds with much anger and aggravation. 
Oldsmobill, spying the oncoming threat, leaped up and pulled a guardsman off his horse. He then kicked the fallen soldier squarely in the head with his boot. Olds’ spurs jingled loudly with the force of the blow. Grabbing the horse’s reins, he stood behind the animal and used it as a shield against the large, sword-wielding commander while anxiously looking for some type of weapon. He finally spotted one when another guardsman swung a spear at his head. He deftly dodged the whooshing blade and quickly reached up and grabbed the weapon. He then pulled hard, bringing the rider forward on his horse. Olds then jumped up and stuck his foot atop the rider’s stirrup and swung his left leg around. His knee connected with the guardsman’s ribcage and the man exhaled loudly as the blow forced the air from his lungs. The two fell back off the horse. The black-clad soldier took the full impact of both men hitting the ground and was momentarily stunned and frantically gasping for air. His hold upon the spear lightened, at which point Olds reared his right arm back and unleashed a brutal punch to his armored head. 
The soldier was knocked out by the hit, but Oldsmobill’s hand became numbed as well. He lifted his knee off the man’s chest and raised the spear up ― just as a large sword flew above him and cut the weapon in half. Looking up, he saw the grim face of General Reaver staring down at him, his weapon circled around his head and began another downward stoke toward Olds’ noggin. He quickly leapt back and missed the blow, before diving forward again to dodge another. 
“Ha! Your dancing won’t save you for long!” Reaver shouted. He lifted his sword again, but then stopped. His expression suddenly changed to one of surprise and shock. He looked intently upon Oldsmobill, and suddenly recognized him. 
“You!” he exclaimed, “The prince was right…we should’ve killed you when we had the chance.”
“Yea…well, now’s your chance,” Olds yelled back, “Do your worst fat-boy!”
 The general grunted dismissively and then waved his sword high into the air. Olds quickly reacted — he faked a movement to the left but quickly leapt to his right ― both his hands landed upon the stead’s hindquarters and Olds lifted his body up like a gymnast on a wooden pummel horse. He pivoted his waist, and brought both of his legs around to impact with the general right under his outstretched arm. Olds’ knees slammed into the man’s ribs and the force of the blow drove the shocked commander off his horse. Reaver grunted loudly as both men landed upon the ground. Olds’ legs forced the man’s large head into the soft soil, and the limber knight bounced up on his feet after the impact.
“Float like buttermilk…and sting like rug-burned knees!” Olds angrily declared, repeating a slogan he had learned back in basic training for Lord Vacuous’ army. The general rumbled around on the ground, spitting dirt and blades of grass from his mouth. Olds took the opportunity to then perform a picture-perfect slide ― just like he had learned from playing baseball at the Poutsland Boys Club, where a young Horace Welpstone often played second base. 
He placed his legs together and slid his feet into the Reaver’s barreled helmet. The force of the blow drove the general’s skull plowing across the soft earth. His arms and hands flailed outward, his sword went flying past Olds’ head and into the chaos beyond. 
The giant lay still for a few seconds, while Oldsmobill rose to his feet and slowly started backing away. Reaver then slowly ascended,  and after spitting several times, he stood up and removed his helmet ― which had a couple of large tufts of turf lodged in its facemask. He laughed proudly as he removed the damaged piece of armor.
“Hmmpf…you have tried your best…but now…you will die.” The brute smiled a large, white smile. “My Lord will be quite pleased when I tell him of how bravely you fought on this day, Allegorian. He will be giddy with excitement.”  
“Your Lord will fall, just like you…and when he hears of how you allowed his troops to be beaten by a group of outcasts…he’ll have your feet hanging from a yard iron,” Oldsmobill replied.
In a small, empty space in the middle of the battle, the two circled one another, while chaos and bloodshed surrounded them. 
The general suddenly stepped forward and swung his huge fist at Olds’ head, but the nimble knight ducked and drove his injured right hand into the man’s abdomen. The punch had little effect on Reaver, but a vicious pain shot up Olds’ arm and he wondered if he had actually broken his hand earlier. He withdrew and deftly dodged the giant’s backhand, and then a left cross that just barely missed. Olds then drove his left hand into the man’s exposed flank, to greater effect, and the brute grunted with the blow. Circling leftward, Olds brought his right forearm across the face of his opponent and felt the bony ridge of the man’s nose crack under the impact. Blood began pouring from General Reaver’s nose and he took two frustrated swings at Olds’ head. One missed badly, but the other skimmed across the very top of Olds’ slightly-blonde locks. 
Both men now stood and stared at each other again. Olds shook his right hand, hoping that some feeling would return to the numbed appendage. His huge opponent sneered and snarled while wiping the blood from his face. Looking down at the crimson liquid on the back of his hand, he laughed in a sinister fashion.
“Heh-heh…don’t go for the nose, boy! It’s been broken so many times, I don’t even feels it anymore,” Reaver growled, before laughing again. “Vespius will be so pleased when I tell him that I killed you with my own hands!” He then lunged at Olds and drove his shoulder into the knight’s abdomen. Olds retaliated by lifting his knees repeatedly into man’s chest while pounding his fists upon the brute’s back. They both fell to the ground, but this time, the general had the upper position, and he raised his head and released his grip, lifting his thick arms and large clenched fists. Olds connected two good punches to the man’s face, before shifting rightward. The brute connected firmly with the right side of Olds’ head, and the impact brought stars and a ringing pain to his skull. Another blow knocked his head to the right and Olds grunted with the force of the impact. His mouth filled with blood. As he reeled, Olds caught the brute upon the temple with his sore right hand and then thrust his left hand under the man’s chin. He tightly wrapped his fingers upon the general’s jaw and began pounding him with the sore right hand. Each shot brought more pain shooting up his arm and Olds yelled out in agony with each punch. His vision was unfocused and tiny stars burst through the air with each strike.
The general grunted as well, and when another punch missed Olds’ head and connected with the earth, he started to curse and spit. “I’ll beat you to a pulp, little man!” 
Olds was now to the brute’s left and continued punching the side of his head, but began using his forearm to instill harm, as his hand was throbbing in pain. Reaver suddenly leaned back and grabbed Olds’ head, his massive hand almost entirely covering the fighter’s face. The knight spied through a gap between the giant’s fingers that the brute was lifting his right elbow up, determined to deal a damaging blow. As the arm came forward he released his grip, at which point Olds lowered his head quickly, avoiding the elbow, before driving the top of his skull squarely into Reaver’s chin. The combined downward movement of the general and the upward movement of Oldsmobill made for a devastating impact for both men. The huge man’s teeth clashed together and gouged great holes in his tongue. He moaned for the first time, as the pain was exceptionally excruciating. Olds rolled away, and gingerly got to his knees. He shook his head rapidly, trying his best to stay conscious. Waves of light moved across his field of vision followed by hundreds of bright blue spots, which slowly coalesced and began to turn dark.
Olds slowly crawled around the fallen fighter, who was now lying on his back and blinking his eyes rapidly. Both his meaty hands quivered repeatedly. Suddenly a swift backhand from the general forced Oldsmobill’s jaw to the right viciously, and made his entire body roll in that direction. He landed face down in the mud. A dull roar filled his ears, as he opened his eyes to see the damp earth staring back at him. Blood dripped out of his mouth. He breathed heavily. He lifted his head slowly and saw Reaver gingerly rising to his feet.
“Nice…” General Reaver grunted, “But you are nowhere near strong enough to take me. You are destined to die here. You are of no consequence to us, Oldsmobill. You will soon be forgotten. That is why Vespius didn’t have you killed sooner.” 
Olds staggered backward. He started to wonder if the man might be right. He widened his stance and faced his opponent, shaking his head to clear the stars and the creeping gray webs that continued to cloud his vision.
“You’re finished, little one!” The brute growled. “You grow weaker while I grow stronger!”
Olds eyed his opponent with contempt. Glancing behind the man’s large stature, he noticed that the battle was beginning to move away from the two combatants. Looking briskly to his right and left, he saw that the Scumbags were beginning to attain the upper hand, and that the Royal Guard was now in a more defensive posture, and moving away from the engagement. He spied Captain Tim chasing a couple of Cornswallow horsemen toward the forests and blabbering at the top of his lungs: “Hackwa-hoocha baka chim chong! Vahloo! Vahloo!”
Oldsmobill reached down to his belt and pulled it from off his waist; he next began wrapping the leather strap around the knuckles of his sore right hand. He stared intensely at the burly fighter a few feet away from him, and gave the man a nod of his head.
“Your army is leaving you,” he said in a calm and measured tone of voice.
The general looked around cautiously before spitting a gob of blood to the ground. “No matter…they may be finished…but I’m not. This battle is not about them, it is about me…finishing you,” he yelled, “I’ll be doing a service for my lord.” He then smiled a bloody grin and began pacing toward Olds, who started slowly sliding to his left.
Olds held out his leather-strapped palm at the man and slowly moved his left hand up to his chin. “You’ve given up a lot, Reaver. You betrayed your own colleagues, your soldiers, and your fellow citizens…for what? A chance to be Vespius’ whipping boy?”
General Reaver spat another large glob of spit and blood at his feet. “For greatness…” the commander hissed.
Olds began lightly bouncing on the balls of his feet, which caused his spurs to jingle-jangle with a rhythmic quality.
He remembered his training with Master Bates, who once made him practice fighting moves in the swift currents of the Ham-o-gram River. ‘Move like a willow!’ His Master had shouted to him while chucking rotten tomatoes at his head. ‘Move with the current, not against it. Bend and curve, just as the willow does… when the gust of wind has passed…it straightens itself.  That is when you strike! Be like the willow, or a palm tree…not like an oak, that stands firm and strong in the wind, only to be uprooted by an  overpowering force of nature. Now, listen well, young sapling, for I once watched a documentary about this fighting technique through my fillings! So, pay attention, or I shall continue to chuck these ‘mators in thy direction!’
Oldsmobill slowly circled his opponent. The general suddenly lunged at him, and Olds moved his torso to the left, avoiding the combatant’s fist. Olds then pushed the man’s arm away with his leather-wrapped hand and quickly brought his left to meet the giant’s jaw. Reaver’s head jerked violently, but he retaliated by swinging his left hand for Olds’ head, only to have the blow deflected by Olds’ right hand ― he quickly retaliated with another punch to the commander’s strong jaw. The man reeled and attempted to strike Olds with his arcing right hand again, but Olds ducked under it and then pounded his abdomen several times with both fists. Reaver fell back a couple of paces and yelled loudly. Anger and desperation filled his eyes and bloodied face. 
Olds breathed deep. “What would King Hector say if he knew all that you’ve done?”
The general grunted in reply. His eyes were filled with rage. He lunged again, leading with his left. Olds simply stepped back and avoided the blow, and then clenched both his hands together. He quickly leapt forward ― into the brute’s chest, and swiftly raised his arms upward ― his legs thrusting upward with every ounce of strength Oldsmobill had left in him. The double-fisted uppercut connected just below the general’s chin, and his head fiercely jerked back. His legs rose from the ground while his arms splayed outward. A loud grunt and mouthful of blood was spewed into the air, as he collapsed on his back upon the damp ground.

The remaining Royal Guardsmen began to lose hope, and instead of engaging the enemy further, started turning their horses away from the conflict and trying their best to fight themselves out of the battle. It was apparent that the tide of the battle had definitely turned against them. Within several minutes, the regiment was in full retreat and what few numbers of them that had remained alive soon scattered into the woods.
A group of the Scumbags followed in pursuit, but stopped just before entering the forest. Wreznor, being brave and somewhat foolhardy, got close enough to the crazy-eyed Captain Tim to douse a canteen-full of water upon his face. The green commander stopped his horse and looked quite stunned at his fellow Scumbag. Wreznor then trotted closer and slapped Captain Tim squarely in the jaw. “Snap out of it!” he cried, and the commander soon regained his senses. 
Tim Pestuous then looked upon those of his crew following the remnants of the Royal Guard and yelled, “Let the them go, lads! They shall tell their commanders of what we have wrought on this day!”
Faint smiles appeared on many of the faces of the multi-colored contingent, but there would be no cheering or boastful cries of victory. There were too many of their comrade’s bodies lying motionless on the field for such celebrations. No one ‘wooted’ or yelled ‘grats’ amid the carnage. They all solemnly began tending to the dead and the wounded.
Captain Tim leapt off his horse and knelt down next to the body of TishTosh. The red-and black armored fighter had two gaping, and bleeding holes in his chest plate.
“Captain…” the fallen warrior whispered.
“Don’t speak…rest easy my friend, the battle is over and we are victorious.”
TishTosh lifted his broken sword up to Tim’s shoulder and winced in pain. “I know I am finished, my captain. It is now time to return to the bindstone in Balzac Forest. I’m sorry that I couldn’t do more.”
Captain Tim clutched the man’s wrist and smiled. “You are brave beyond measure. I shall see you soon in the Guild Hall at Carla-Akree. Rest easy, dear comrade.”
“Peace be with you all, my brothers,” The pale-faced soldier softly whispered. His eyes slowly closed and he logged off forever.

Olds stared at Reaver for a few seconds with the same unemotional look that he often bore as a child, but had, over the years been replaced with a more responsive demeanor. He looked down at the fallen general ― he was breathing heavily and simply staring upward at the cloud-filled sky.
“You can atone for your betrayals, Reaver. You can help undo what you have allowed Vespius to attain. There is no greatness destined for him or you, only sorrow and more bloodshed.” Olds spoke the words calmly, but with a tone of firm resolution. “Help us save our lands…and your king.”
The general slowly rose to his feet. He moved the back of his hand across his mouth, and then looked upon the blood that now streaked across his hand. He looked up at Olds and started to laugh. “You think I could leave the path I chose to tread? You give Vespius too much credit. It was I that trained him, not vice-versa.” He then smiled a sinister bloody smile.
Oldsmobill’s facial expression changed from a look of cautious concern to one of sudden realization. His eyes widened. His lips parted. He took a slight step back. He knew then that General Reaver was no easily-converted pawn in the hands of the crown prince. It was Vespius that had been the pawn. It was Reaver that had fed the prince the lies that made him feel that any act was justified.
“He was but a dim-witted fool when I took him under my tutelage. But, I taught him how to fight and how to be strong-willed. I told him that he was destined for greatness, he simply needed the will and ambition to accomplish what was his birthright. I am not Vespius’ marionette…I am his creator!”
The general then smiled again, pleased that he had brought a look of shock to Oldsmobill’s face. He then slowly, deliberately turned and picked up a sword that was lying on the ground. He turned back around and pointed it at his opponent. “You can take that knowledge to the grave with you, Oldsmobill.”
The blonde knight took another step back. His mind, which he had carelessly allowed to be consumed by thoughts of how General Reaver had, over the years, methodically twisted the mind of Vespius, now re-focused and studied the weapon and the huge dark figure that wielded it.
“This is the path…you chose…” Olds whispered.
General Reaver cried out and began bounding for Olds. He held the sword high in the air. His other arm was poised straight out . His fingers pointing right at Olds’ head. His mouth was opened wide. His eyes were squinting and filled with anger and bloodthirsty rage. 
Olds inhaled and felt a strange calmness invade not only his lungs, but his whole body as well. His face was covered with a look of cool intensity. He saw everything that was about to happen a few seconds before it did.
The general brought his sword down in a huge diagonal motion at Olds’ head, but his target moved away and to his right. The weapon whizzed by the knight’s left arm, but contacted only air. Olds leaned back to his left and brought his right hand across his body, the punch connected hard with the general’s left cheek bone, and jerked the man’s head to the right. The general staggered and made a feeble thrusting action with his sword. Olds slid his left foot back and pivoted his waist, avoiding the weapon. He swung his left arm in a large arc and connected with the general’s nose again. Reaver’s head jerked back. He nearly fell, but somehow regained his balance. He screamed again and swung the sword horizontally at his opponent. Olds ducked. He placed his right hand firmly upon the moist earth of the meadow and kicked his left leg up into the air. His right foot pushed off the ground and sent his whole body somersaulting to his right. The general turned his shoulder downward, preparing for another swing. A spark of light flashed across his eyes and then a sharp pain shot up from his neck.
He cried out in immediate agony. His eyes opened again to see a large arc of crimson liquid fly away from him. His hand instinctively reached for his throat and was instantly saturated with the warm liquid. He fell to his knees. He then saw another glisten of light, just like the previous one that had blinded him. He looked over at the sparkle of light, and saw that it was emanating from one of Olds’ shiny, silver boots. The general’s vision began to cloud, but he squinted, and carefully eyed the boot. It was covered with splatters of mud and engraved with numerous curse words. At the heel was a large spur that was shaped like a star. Each tip of the spur was dotted with a red bead, as if someone had dipped it in blood.
The general felt immediately faint as the blood poured out of his neck. Olds’ spurs were far from being sharp, but the force and angle of the knight’s kick had ripped a huge gash in the general’s neck. Blood spewed from the wound and soon covered the general’s hand, neck and shoulder. “No…” he gasped, “No.” 
Reaver fell back upon the ground. Olds turned and slowly got back to his feet. He looked down upon the dying man with an irritated expression upon his face. He slowly began to frown. He then turned his head and looked over his shoulder, and saw that the main group of the Scumbags was now yards away from him, and tending to their wounded and dead. He continued to scan the field around him and saw the numerous fallen combatants, some were completely still and lifeless, while others crawled helplessly about and moaned in great agony. He looked back down at the fallen general.
“The path you chose…” he said simply.

“Gather our deceased and tend to the wounded. We must hurry, before reinforcements arrive!” Captain Tim cried out. The Scumbags began collecting their lifeless comrades and placing them in a small circle. Their armor was left on them, but their weapons were taken and distributed throughout the regiment. The wounded were escorted and carried into a small area by the stream, and hurriedly bandaged and given pain-killing elixirs and salves by Master Bates. He sewed-up many a wound and comforted each injured fighter ― regardless of which side they had been on ― with great caring and kindness.  
Matty ran up to the wizard and cried out, “Master! It’s my brother, he needs your help!”  The wizard looked back and saw a group of men carrying a wounded man to him, They gently placed him upon the ground and stood and stared upon him.
“Luke…Luke, stay with us, brother,” Matty whispered, bowing beside him. Luke Carpenter’s face was filled with anguish, but he gritted his teeth and tried to overcome the pain. His hand tightly grasped his upper chest, which was drenched with blood. 
The Carpenter brothers surrounded their brother and tried their best to soothe him. They pressed a cloth to his wound and attempted to stop the bleeding, but the cloth became soaked in a matter of minutes and had to be replaced. 
The Batesman knelt beside him and examined the wound. “I think you’ll be alright, as long as the wound doesn’t become infected.”
“T-thank you,” Luke stammered. His whole body quivered in agony. 
“I’m going to give you something for the pain,” The Batesman whispered, and presented a small blue capsule into Luke’s lips, followed closely by a drink from his canteen. “Now, you will sleep, and we will tend to this wound. Trust me, you don’t want to be awake for this part…for it involves a couple of leeches, lots of rubbing alcohol, and a red-hot filet knife. ”
“O-okay,” Luke gasped in fear, “Can I have a couple more of those pills, by chance? Just in case one isn’t enough to knock me out?” 
“No,” the Batesman replied, “One should do the trick.” 
Matty leaned down gripped his brother’s hand. “Don’t fret, Luke. You will pull through this and soon return to tell father how bravely you fought.”
Luke’s eyes began to slowly close as the pill began to make him groggy. “I was careless…and…”
Master Bates grasped Matty’s shoulder and softly said, “Let him sleep. I promise you, I will take good care of him.” He then reached into a large saddlebag and began amassing a few instruments and vials of elixirs near him. He looked upon the solemn faces of the Carpenter brothers and commanded, “I will tend to your brother. I need you men to bring the other wounded over here. Hurry! Time is of the essence!”
The brothers did as they were told, and they scattered back into the field to help gather the fallen. They soon found themselves standing next to Oldsmobill, who was still looking down upon the bloodied body of General Reaver.
The general lay flat on his back, a large pool of blood surrounded his head, resembling a crimson halo. He coughed and spat more of the liquid from out of his mouth.  His face was growing pale, but a calm resolution seemed to cover his rugged features. His eyes slowly moved around and seemed to be trying to take in every sight, before they closed forever. 
Mark looked upon the figure and scowled. “Here lies the traitor, General Reaver. He betrayed and killed his very own men so that he and Vespius could attain power and glory.” Mark leaned forward and began to chastise the unmoving man, “General Astonius believed in you, as did we all, and you betrayed us!”
The general squinted a little. He coughed up more blood, before he lifted the corners of his mouth slightly. His eyes blinked several times before they began to focus in on the figure that now stood above.
“W-what would you want me to say?” he muttered.
“Why, Reaver?” Mark asked, “Why did you do it?”
“To be…r-remembered, of course,” the general whispered. His teeth were covered in red, a steady stream of blood emptied out the corners of his mouth as he softly spoke. “To be a part…of history.” Reaver swallowed hard and breathed a wheezing, lungful of air. His eyes rolled back in his head.
“Villain!” Mark snarled. 
Oldsmobill nodded slowly toward the dying man. “Is King Hector still alive?” he asked.
But General Reaver was fading, his eyes closed and he coughed. “M-my king…my friend…oh, how I have wronged him.”
Mark turned his head to the left and spat loudly. He knelt down beside the general and sneered, “You have finally paid for your treachery, as will Vespius.”
General Reaver barely whispered now, his breathing became more labored, just as the breaths became smaller. He barely opened his eyes; he grunted loudly and leaned his head up slightly, which took almost every ounce of strength he had left. He swallowed hard and seemed to focus all his energy on speaking clearly. He knew these were the last words he would ever utter. He wanted to be sure he was understood. “I g-gave my life…for him. I sacrificed…all that I was…for him.” He coughed again and a loud gurgle rose up from his throat. “W-what price is too high for a…chance at greatness, and…and immortality?” His eyes widened as his body appeared stiffened by a surge of intense pain, “Just…a…chance…a chance…at s-such a thing?” 
One last deep breath and the general’s head slowly lowered to the bloodied earth. His eyes, though barely open, were frozen in place, and staring lifeless at the evening sky.
“The traitor is dead,” Mark hissed. 
John looked upon Oldsmobill and asked, “Did you know him Olds?”
“Met him once, but…it sounds like he knew more about me than I did about him. Vespius obviously told him something.”
John gripped his shoulder. “My father saw something special about you Oldsmobill, perhaps Vespius did as well.”
The knight sighed, still looking upon the dead figure that lay at his feet. He glanced over at Mark and Matty and then John, before moving his eyes across the bloody meadow. “I only hope that one day I will never have to look upon such carnage again. I’m sick of fighting. I’m sick of battles that only seem to lead to more battles.”
Mark nodded his head slowly. “We fight so that one day we will have peace,” he said, before turning and walking away. 
Olds bowed his head and gazed once again upon the lifeless eyes of General Reaver. “That’s what we keep telling ourselves, isn’t it?”
Wreznor, having watched the general die, as well, suddenly turned to Olds and stared upon him. He removed his black-horned helmet and lifted his chin slightly. He then held his hand to the knight. “I apologize for calling you a newb, Oldsmobill. You have proven me wrong.”
Olds shook his hand slowly. “Tell me how this battle came about.”
Wreznor breathed deep. “We were heading to the forests above Carbuckle, and were preparing to cross the main road, when we heard them coming. We couldn’t help but hear them, really, so great in number they were. At first, we stayed out of sight and concealed ourselves in the woods, but when we spotted the iron wagon, Captain Tim decided to engage them.”
“The iron wagon?”
“Ya, a great figure of a lion, made of metal and driven by a team of eight heavy horses.”
“It was the monstrosity you and Matty spied in the warehouse,” Captain Tim suddenly interjected. He firmly shook Olds’ hand, saying: “Good to see you again, friend.” He patted him on the shoulder and continued, “They were escorting the great vehicle to Rottweillor, as far as we can tell.”
Olds’ eyes widened, “Where is it now?”
“It traveled on down the road, while the rest of the Guardsmen stayed behind to engage us. We fought a little in the forest, until General Reaver circled his men here, in this meadow, in order to use their numbers against us.”
“You Scumbags are not anything like your reputation,” John suddenly gasped. “You fought the Royal Guard on an open field, and continued even when obviously outnumbered?”
“Our goal was to stop that wagon…in that however…we failed,” Tim solemnly replied.
“No,” Olds quickly retorted, “If we hurry, we can still reach it in time!”
“Perhaps…it is unguarded…and even with the many horses, it couldn’t be too far away.” Captain Tim pointed toward the road, at which point, Olds started running for a horse and soon lifted himself upon a chestnut steed. Captain Tim called out to several of his men to accompany him. 
“Follow him men! Capture that war machine…at all costs!” 
Matty yelled and hurriedly galloped up to Olds, where he presented him with the sword called ‘Elvis.’ It was dirty but still in one piece. “You might be needing this,” he proudly proclaimed.
“Matty! Thank you, friend. Are you alright?” 
“Yes, but Luke was injured. Master Bates is caring for him, though. He seems confident that he’ll be alright.” 
Olds patted him on the shoulder. “Your brother is very strong. Such vigor seems to run through your family’s veins…I pray for his quick recovery.”
“Thank you, Olds.”
Oldsmobill smiled and patted him again. He then looked down and saw a banner entangled in his spurs. He reached down and held the object in his hand. It was a small Cornswallow banner, once displayed from one of the Guardsman’s pikes. A great gold lion on a field of red. He frowned and then ripped the cloth in two. He let both pieces fly off into the wind. 

The Batesman was busy wrapping the wrapping the wound upon Luke Carpenter’s chest, when he saw Oldsmobill lead a contingent of riders through the nearby forest. He peered curiously at the sight before turning and seeing Mark Carpenter approaching the triage area on horseback.
“What the devil are those idiots up to?” he angrily asked.
Mark looked around for a few seconds to be sure the cantankerous conjuror was speaking to him. “They’re off to find some kind of iron wagon.” 
“The iron lion?”
“Yes, that is what they said. Matty and John went with them, along with a few of the Scumbags.”
“Ah, well…” The master sarcastically replied. After a second or two he added, in a rather perturbed voice, “Did they happen to say what they plan on doing with it once they catch it?”
Mark shrugged and bit his lip. “Not that I heard. Matty insisted that I  stay here and keep an eye on Luke…and make sure that you didn’t try any of your…ahem…magic on him.”
The wizard gave the young Carpenter a very irritated look, but refrained from yelling any profanities in fear that a sudden downpour might further agitate the injured. 

*****

As the moon rose over the largest tower of Valdorlok castle, it cast the kingdom in a glowing beam of light. Matilda stood near the eastern gate, looking up at the majestic monolith. She was cloaked in black. A hood extended away from her forehead, and when she was not looking directly at the moon, covered most of her face in shadow. She was wearing a thick, black shirt with large black buttons up the center, and a high collar. Her black pants were a bit puffy around the waist and upper thighs and it took her nearly an hour to decide whether she should actually wear them in fear that they might make her look hips look fat. Her boots came to the bottom of her knees and were shiny black leather. As she stood near the guard tower by the gate she slipped each of her fingers into her black leather gloves, thus completing the ensemble.
The loud clopping of horse’s hoofs soon echoed within the walled confines of the space, and Matilda turned to see several shadowy figures riding toward her, as well as a large black carriage. 
The lead figure approached and quickly slid off the saddle. Dressed in black as well, the figure lifted their hands to uncover their hooded face. It was Abigail, her tan features contrasting nicely with the dark wardrobe.
“Who told you to dress like me?” She asked in mock outrage.
“It seems we’ve been shopping at the same assassin’s outfitters.” Matilda smirked, before a low laugh engulfed the two.
Another figure soon joined the two and pleasantly laughed as well. He was dressed in a dark brown assemble, however, with a pair of khaki riding pants that had a thin white stripe down each side. “Matilda!” He pleasantly yelped.
“Olaf, it has been some time since I’ve seen you out of uniform.” She replied as the two hugged. He leaned back a little from her, still grasping her shoulders and looking her up and down.
“And you…gone into the thievery business, have we?” He grinned.
Abigail smirked and sarcastically sighed, “Just because we’re on a covert mission, doesn’t mean we all have to dress like double agents.”
Olaf leaned toward her and patted her on the shoulder. “There, there, everyone likes a little dress up every now and then, why I have often dressed like Helen of Troy on Hallow’s Eve, just because I like the way mascara gives me a look of mysteriousness.” He smiled broadly, but the two women only replied with a slight lift of their eyebrows.
“Anyway…” Matilda broke the uncomfortable silence, “Do you have all our papers in order?” She asked Olaf, who pursed his lips like a porn star before making a smacking sound.
“Of, course, my dear.” He replied, lightly tapping his vest pocket.
“A rider was sent earlier to deliver the announcement of our rival to Prince Vespius.”
“Of course,” Olaf whispered, “he won’t arrive for a couple of days, and has been told that if queried on his delay, that he was ambushed by outlaws and was thusly detained.”
“Giving us time to arrive in Fouldune and do a bit of good, old-fashioned snooping around.” Abigail giggled, but quickly coughed and replaced the giddy look upon her face with one that was more serious and demure. She secretly cursed herself for letting such emotions show.
“Very good.” Matilda nodded. “Well, if our entourage is ready, I suppose we should be on our way.”
Olaf paced back toward the carriage and swung the door open, while he bowed deeply. “Well, then, we should not tarry any longer, for our guards are all on the clock, and being mainly union men, will require an extensive subsidy to their payroll if they slip into overtime. Have a seat in the carriage, fair and tan damsels and let me tell you of my adventures in Afghanistan, where I spent many years as a turbaned clerk for a fast-food franchise.” He breathlessly prattled.
Matilda placed her gloved hand gently into Olaf’s and entered the carriage, followed by Abigail, whose platform boots made climbing into the carriage a difficult task. After wedging one of her heels into a gap between the step and the carriage, she cursed loudly, shushed herself and quickly untied the boot and continued to climb in ― leaving the boot to feebly dangle from the step during the whole trip. Olaf simply rolled his eyes during her entire endeavor. 
After Abigail was seated, he waved to a group of armed spearmen that were mingling behind the carriage. The rather obese carriage driver made a signal to the guards at the top of the wall and the entire assemblage soon passed through the Valdorlok Gate and disappeared down the road toward Fouldune.

*****

Captain Tim strode toward the area where his lifeless comrades had been grouped. They had each been laid upon a rectangle of black cloth, composed mainly of cloaks and bedrolls, and were all lying together in a small circle. Several men began covering their bodies in more black cloth. Then, small twigs and bundles of straw and grass were laid upon the bodies, followed by a layer of tree limbs and branches. Every member of the Scumbags joined in on the ceremony and each kept their heads solemnly bowed as they carried out the ritual. The remaining members of his squadron gathered there as well. They had lost twelve to the battle, and another eleven had been injured, three seriously. Master Bates was doing all he could for the injured, along with a couple of the Scumbags that had put some of their spec points into the healing arts.
Captain Tim Pestuous bellowed to his troops. His voice echoed throughout the meadow. “Weep not, avengers! For the bindstone at the Temple of Bellindorf Hill will collect the souls of our fallen. Let them all be re-rolled as new fighters and continue their adventures upon another server. As it is written.” 
It was nearly dark now, and the men gathered around the circle of their fallen companions. Master Bates arose from mending a Scumbag’s leg wound and slowly began walking to the group of solemn men.
Captain Pestuous continued in a roaring baritone, “May they level-up quickly and find many great drops in their new adventures. May gold be plentiful and their chatrooms full of informative and friendly advisors, eager to help them along in their next journey.” 
The green commander slowly lowered the torch upon the large pile of wood that covered his and the Cornswallow’s deceased. He stepped back as the flames took hold and began to grow. As he threw the torch into the flames, he cried out: “Even though Link Death pursues us all, let it not ever find them…”
“Hurrah!” The Scumbags all roared, thrusting their weapons into the air.
“May their keyboards be crisp and responsive, and may their lag times be minuscule!” 
“Hurrah!”
“May their subscription fees be low and their free trial periods long in duration.”
“Hurrah!”
The captain removed his triangular hat and bowed his head. A loud rustling of armor was then heard as each man in attendance removed their headgear and bowed solemnly. Some even knelt upon one knee and made the sign of the cross upon their chests.
“Goodbye, my friends, you have avenged yourselves, and can go peacefully, knowing that you have been redeemed. Let their aliases always be remembered and may their toons be spoken of often, and may their adventures be posted on forums and message boards, with multitudes of happy emoticons, so that they will never be forgotten. May their avatars be blessed and slightly animated.”
“Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah!”

Wreznor and TrollKiller321 were the first to exit the forests and make their way upon the old road. They were followed closely by Oldsmobill and Matty, as well as John Carpenter and RegattaDeBlanc. Just behind that group were five other Scumbags: CheapDate, Luffewaffle, Krass, DeliHam, Moe, and LardBelly.
Each man spurred their horse with swift kicks and slapping of reins, and the great beasts snorted but continued to press forward faster and faster. A few yards down the road, the company saw the rumbling monstrosity ahead of them in the pale light of the moon. Seeing the great machine rolling down the road made even the bravest of the men gasp, for it was truly large and quite menacing to look upon. 
Soon, they were on either side of the great iron beast, and the three soldiers on the top of the magnificent wagon saw the riders, and after swinging their whips toward the large team of horses that pulled the mighty vehicle down the road, they began turning the whips upon the group of riders. 
An arrow from John’s bow caught one of the drivers in the shoulder, which led to the other two men to slowly begin pulling back upon the reins. The great team of horses slowed, until they all finally came to a stop.
Wreznor leapt from his horse, and landed upon one of the large, riveted shields that covered the huge, thick wheels. He deftly climbed up the monstrosity. His hands and feet pushing his body upward upon the seams and rivets on the metallic hide of the beast. Soon, he was standing next to the drivers, all of which bowed before him and pleaded for their lives.
“You men have a choice,” he yelled to them, his sword lifting high above his head, “Die here by my sword, or begin turning this thing around.” Wreznor then hissed like a cornered cat, which made the men shudder and mumble hysterically.
“But, sir…we…uh…” one of the drivers squealed.
“What? What?” Wreznor exclaimed.
“Well, sir…it is very difficult to turn this great thingy!” the bulbous nosed driver quickly added in a pitiful and fearful whine.
“It is a fiendish thingy!” another chirped in, with abject terror in his voice.
The huge and brutal figure of TrollKiller321 was soon seen standing on the top of the metal lion. He breathed like a great bear, and smelled much like one that had just come out of hibernation.
“Turn this beast around!” he boomed, which made even Wreznor take a step back.
“Y-yes…of course…Mister Godzilla, whatever you say…” the frightened driver squeaked. “We w-will do our b-b-b-best!” He smiled brightly and hoped to god that the monstrous man wasn’t hungry.  
Wreznor leaned forward and handed the reigns to the two uninjured drivers. He looked upon both with a serious and unapologetic sneer. “I promise you this…once we reach our destination, you will all be freed.”
“Y-y-y-yes, sir…th-th-th-th-thank ya kindly.”

The contingent grasped the large horses, which were mainly of the Clydesdale variety but were almost all jet-black in appearance, and bore little resemblance to a popular brewery’s trademarked team of horses. The group was slowly driven to a small field that branched off the main road, and once there, the wagon was slowly turned around ― which took quite a bit of effort by all that were involved. Eventually the iron lion was pointing in the other direction. 
The heavy horses dug into the soil of the road, and slowly at first, began pulling the great wagon toward Walder. Wreznor kept a steady gaze forward up the road, while TrollKiller321 finished his bandaging of the injured driver’s arrow wound.
“Here! Stop all that whimpering! You sounds like a pup looking fer its mudder’s teat! This wound won’t kill ya…look at me, I’ve had injuries far worse!”
TrollKiller321 then lifted his face-mask and the driver looked up at the scarred and stitch-marked man’s face. He tightly bit his lip.
“Look ‘ere, I got this wound from a tussle in Hayden’s Beak, where we fought a ravenous band of seamstresses…” the Scumbag bellowed, while lifting his scale-mail vest and showing off his many abdominal scars and blemishes. “…And this one I got from a cantankerous barmaid in Düsseldorf, who found my seduction techniques rather coarse and ineffectual…”
The wounded driver squeaked and pointed his finger at a large scar that ran parallel to the giant’s hairy, deformed belly button.
TrollKiller321 laughed loudly, “Oh, and that was from me own mum…given to me when I was but a small chitlin.” He laughed again and his abdomen made all sorts of grotesque maneuvers. “She cursed me mightily that day…and promised never to try breast-feeding again!”

 Oldsmobill rode behind the great, metal monstrosity and looked over at Matty and John that rode next to him.
Matty asked, “Okay…now that we have this thing-a-ma-jig…what are we gonna do with it…seems kind’a big to just hide somewhere.”
“Yea, and dismantling it would take forever,” John said.
“It needs to be destroyed so that Vespius can never use it.” Olds cried out. 
“There is a chasm near our farm, a small pond of water lies at the very bottom of it…perhaps we can push it into it.”
Olds nodded slowly, but then his eyes widened and a small smile came to his lips. He pointed to Mark and suddenly laughed strangely. “Yes! We’ll push it over a cliff all right!” He looked over at Matty and clapped his hands, “But not some small chasm…no…over the cliffs of Ballywarble!”
Matty looked perplexed at Oldsmobill. “The chasm is much closer though.”
“True, but we can destroy this horrible war wagon, and perhaps destroy the ramp that the Andesta’s are constructing as well!”
“Of course!” Mark cried out, “Like Shakespeare once said, ‘kill two bards with one stone’!”
The three men continued on, as the huge wagon plowed northward toward Walder. 
Matty looked upon the monstrosity and bit his lip. His eyes squinted as he slowly nodded his head. “Oh, that’s really gonna piss Vespius off something awful,” he murmured.

*****

The man’s hand tightly squeezed the little rag and droplets of cool water splattered upon Luke’s sweating brow. “There, there…” Master Bates whispered, “The fever is your body’s way of fighting the infection.”
“Am I dying?” Luke asked the wizard’s kind face.
“No…you are desperately trying to live.”
Luke’s eyes rolled back in his head as the pain grew in intensity. He moaned, but clenched his mouth tight, curling his lips inward. The wizard dabbed his forehead with the rag and whispered a few words into the man’s ears. Luke’s eyes slowly closed, his lips relaxed and the pain that clenched his body soon begin to fade. The Batesman slowly withdrew his grip from Luke’s hand. Looking up he saw the familiar figure of Captain Tim standing over him.
“How’s he doing?” he asked in a low voice.
The wizard sighed. “He might make it…if his body can stave off the infection. He needs rest more than anything else at this point.”
Tim placed his hand upon the wizard’s shoulder. “Thank you, friend, for all that you have done for these men. Your services are greatly appreciated.”
The Master slowly stood up, his bad knees crackled loudly with the movement, and he looked upon the few men still under his care. “Some of them won’t get through this,” he said sadly. “There’s not much more I can do.”
“We cannot stay here much longer,” Tim said plainly
 “I know…and our only safe haven at this point…Timbrook… is a long way away.”
Suddenly, the sound of several loud hoofs filled the valley, as Moe, Krass and Luffewaffle came riding through the woods. The three men quickly spotted Captain Tim and rode quickly toward him.
“We have it! We have it!” Moe cried out in a high-pitched feminine voice.
“The iron wagon?!” Master Bates asked frantically.
“Yes! Oldsmobill and the others have it stopped on the road…not far from here!” Krass loudly answered in between breaths. His horse snorted, for it was quite angry that Krass was so out of breath and it was he that had done all the galloping.
“What are they planning on doing with it?” Captain Tim asked.
“Sirs, they plan on pushing it off the edge of the Walder Plateau!”
Master Bates jumped straight up in the air. “What?!” he screamed, “Have they lost their ever-lovin’ minds?!”
“Uh, that’s what they told us to tell you, sir,” Krass meekly said.
Master Bates threw his helmet to the ground and kicked it a few yards. “See! That’s what happens when I am not consulted with…crazy plans abound!”
“Captain, sir, Wreznor and Olds need more men for the job,” Moe sputtered. “They are waiting for you!”
“Well, I suppose we shouldst go to their aid! Lest they are under-manned and overtaxed in their endeavors!” Capt. Tim bellowed, and then whistled for his horse.
Within minutes, most of the remaining Scumbags were saddled up and ready to ride. Master Bates meanwhile moped and stood in the same spot, sneering and rapidly tapping his foot. Captain Tim rode up to him and spoke softly but carried a big stick.
“The preparations have been duly arranged, some of my men will stay here and escort the wounded to Timbrook…by way of the northern forests above Carbuckle.”
Master Bates stared straight ahead and fumed. Captain Tim circled his horse and tried again. 
“Are you going with us…or them?” he asked, to which the wizard raised his narrowed eyes upward. He seemed to growl at that point, but refrained from yelling any profanities in respect for the injured.
“Yukon Cornelius!” he suddenly shouted. A great cloud of smoke filled the area, and after its dissipation, three dog sleds stood in the middle of the meadow. “Use these vehicles for transporting the wounded, it’s not perfect, but I didn’t see any pumpkins lying around so that makes carriages totally out of the question.”
The group of Scumbags looked puzzled at the three vehicles. 
“How are they drawn?” Captain Tim queried.
“Oh, right,” Master Bates sighed, “I’ll need a few field mice…unless any of you guys happen to know where we can find three teams of Alaskan Huskies nearby? Huh?”
After some quick searching of the area, they were lucky enough to find a whole nest of field mice near the creek, and he quickly turned them into Huskies. Though it wasn’t quite enough to pull three sleds, he filled the gaps with various rodents that were found which he metamorphosed into a team of Golden Retrievers. When even that wasn’t enough, he used a couple of horses that he shrunk down to the size of Shetland ponies.
As the wounded were loaded onto the sleds, the Batesman gave each Scumbag in charge of driving a few quick tips on steering a dog sled. “If they don’t listen, light their tails up with this whip…and if that doesn’t work…throw these treats a ways in front of them. Got it?” He exclaimed, handing each man a bag of dog biscuits, a few carrots, and long, leather bullwhip.
“Now, hurry! For if you don’t make it to Timbrook by sundown, the whole shi-bang turns back into rodents and mounds of clover! And a motley assortment of fairy-godmothers will surely charge me an absolutely outrageous late fee!”
He bid them all goodbye, and after the entire contingent passed one more time around the still-flaming funeral pyre, they headed off into the forest. 

The great metal lion was at rest on the road. Its silver-gray hide glistened in the moonlight. It was very late and everyone involved was feeling quite tired. Soon, Captain Tim led the rest of the Scumbags through the forest to meet up with the iron beast. Right behind the green man was Master Bates, now dressed in his usual navy frock with tiny stars and moons embroidered upon it. His conical hat drooped to his left, and he was brandishing his golden hoe. 
Oldsmobill greeted them all with a serious look.
“Oldsmobill, what in Bob’s name are you thinking?” his mentor loudly grizzled, waving his hoe about his wizardly headgear.
“We’re going to dump this monstrosity over the edge of the cliffs!”
“Great Scott, and I don’t mean Fitzgerald! Have you gone soft in the head, boy?” The Batesman exclaimed. He leaned forward and began eyeing him warily. “You back on the hard stuff, there, junior?”
Olds just frowned and looked away. 
Captain Tim stared down the road and nervously rubbed his triangular goatee. “But, what defenses has Vespius accrued for the aforementioned natural wonder?”
“We can thwart the crown princes’ plans here, tonight. In one bold…and yes, perhaps…admittedly…insane move…but it’s the only chance we have.”
“Aye, the great wagon will provide us with some defense, if there be many of Cornswallow’s guards stationed there about.” Captain Tim replied. “But we must hurry, ‘fore news of our victory reaches the ramparts of Walder castle and thusly brings many more brigands to the cliff’s defenses.”
Master Bates growled and pulled his cap over his eyes. “This is madness…” He whispered meekly, “…sheer madness.”
Captain Tim withdrew his sword and waved it in the air, and shouted out with his best commanding voice, “Assemble and advance! To the cliffs of Ballywarble we ride!”
A loud ‘hurrah’ was then heard, as was usually the case after one of Captain Tim’s roaring directives, and the assembled riders and war-wagon soon headed eastward down the Walder road. 
The Scumbags rode alongside the immense rolling construct, their yellow-stripes now long gone. The great iron wagon slowly picked up momentum and began rumbling at a fairly quick pace ― the Clydesdale’s mighty hoofs digging deep into the road ― the great wheels creaked and groaned. Many a nearby farmer was awakened that night by the loud rumblings as the entourage quickly rolled down the road.
They passed two drunkards that were stumbling down the thoroughfare, and after quick glance back at the oncoming assemblage ― and nearly messing themselves ― they quickly dived into a nearby shrub. The sight of the monstrous convoy made both men vow never to drink again. 
Captain Tim led the way and when he spied the small trail that led to the cliffs, he raised his hand high and led his men in a northwestern line, and away from the artery to Walder castle.

An hour or so of continuous riding made every man and beast alike, extremely tired. The horrific wagon was slowed just behind a small group of trees that stood between them and the line of Walder defenses along the edge of the Plateau. Captain Tim, Olds and Master Bates scurried through a line of trees to get a good look at their objective.
“Absolutely insane!” The wizard whispered loudly to his colleagues.
“Perhaps, but it’s too late to turn back now.” Olds replied defensively.
Captain Tim peered ahead and pointed toward the remains of the wall and the large gap in the middle. On each side of the gap was a watchtower, though from his position he couldn’t be sure if either overlook was manned.
“It will take all of us to push that monstrosity…toward yonder precipice,” he whispered.
“I think we can do it,” Olds optimistically added.
“No, you hope we can do it,” the Batesman growled.
“What about those towers?” Captain Tim asked.
“This iron beast was designed for combat. Even if there’s someone up there, we should be safe under those shields along the sides.”
Once back to the lion, Captain Tim ordered that the drivers be bound up near the road. A few of his fellow Scumbags began the laborious chore of releasing the team of horses and of tying all of their own horses to several of the nearby trees. 
Everyone then took their positions along the side of the wagon and each grabbed a hold of the poles that were placed for just such purposes. Captain Tim ran to the front of the beast and cried out: “Now, men…with all you have! Heave!” 
The men’s feet dug deeply into the soft soil, the air was filled with grunts and groans. Their faces tightly clenched with the strain.
“Heave!”
The monstrosity started to move, inch by laborious inch.
“Heave!”
The great wheels creaked as they slowly began to turn, producing deep trenches in the soil. The men struggled and gasped and some even yelled with the force of the strain. 
“Heave!”
Captain Tim looked over his shoulders, keeping a close eye on the two guard towers.
Soon the beast was moving steadily, Captain Tim ran from side to side loudly issuing commands and calling out the remaining length to the cliff edge. Behind the beast were Kovax, Matty and Oldsmobill, pushing as hard as they could muster. Master Bates then broke away and began running like a fool toward the front of the vehicle. He quickly passed Captain Tim, his pale legs glowing in the moonlight as they lifted out of his cloak.
Forward he ran until he reached the line of the Walder cliffs. His head darted about, his hands poised in the front of his chest as if he was trying to scare small children in an amusement park. He started to loudly whisper a series of commands and began setting the many ladders and scaffolding that were connected to the top of the cliffs on fire.  Several cries were heard from the work camp below and several more cries of ‘alarm!’ and ‘fire!’
Heavily armed men came rushing toward the base of the cliff and some even began climbing the ladders and stairwells only to be turned back by the ever-increasing flames.
Master Bates waved his arms about in the air and loudly proclaimed: “Ha-Ha! Take that you Andestan squatters! Go back home and destroy your own wetlands!”
Several arrows then flew past his head and he immediately dived to the ground. His conical hat fell next to him and he held it up ― looking puzzled at the arrow that was now lodged in it. “Bastards!” He cried out. Which, of course, started a huge downpour. The wizard glared toward the cliff, but soon became aware that the deluge was slowly killing the flames he had just conjured up. He grunted loudly, before looking back and seeing the great beast rolling directly toward him, which made him then yelp quite gruffly before crawling toward the left as fast as his bony little knees could take him.
“Twenty feet!” Captain Tim yelled out. He ran beside the metallic apparatus and began pulling men away from the front poles. “Move to the rear! Let go and move to the rear!”
Several Scumbags toward the front of the beast quickly evacuated and some rolled away from the lumbering construct. Captain Tim Ran toward the front again.
“Ten feet! Ten feet!” He made his way to the other side as arrows landed around him and ricocheted off the front of the lion’s iron head.
“Move away! Move away!” He frantically screamed.
Several of the Scumbags joined up at the rear of the wagon and began pushing alongside Olds and Matty, while others, still rolling away from the vehicle, were slowly rising to their knees and looking on with awe-struck eyes.
Captain Tim ran toward the rear of the beast ― still crying for everyone to move away. “Five feet! Let ‘er go! Let ‘er go!”
The mass of men at the rear of the beast all grunted loudly and gave the vehicle one last, hard, push, then stayed and watched as the behemoth continued to move away from them. Arrows banged against the metal hide of the beast, as the cries in the valley below grew to an ungodly horrified pitch.
Olds looked on and could only imagine what the scene looked like from below, as the great lion-headed construct slowly began to topple over the smoldering woodworks near the cliff’s rim. Loud sounds of twisting metal filled the valley as the front wheels slowly made their way over the expanse and into the chasm. Metal creaked and groaned, rivets popped, iron struts snapped as the enormous vehicle tumbled over the edge and began to crash into the extensive scaffolding beyond and below.
Master Bates crawled to the edge of the cliff and peered over at the calamity that was just beginning. The great beast ripped the large stairway and scaffolding away from the cliff’s wall, which sent a plume of dust, splintered wood shards, and smoldering planks billowing into the air. Downward the great creation continued, ripping apart large support beams and crossbeams and rope ladders. A great wave of debris descended upon the land below. The beast struck the ground and squealed as the metal was deformed and destroyed. Large sections burst away from the main supports and fell forward taking out huge sections of the ramp, which then collapsed upon the floor of the valley and destroyed several small sheds and tents. Men screamed in agony and fear and many more disappeared into the immense clouds that plumed over the surrounding swamps. 
Suddenly Master Bates felt a presence near him, and looking over his shoulder, saw his apprentice staring awe-struck at the destruction. He fell to his knees and could only gasp at what he was witnessing.
For several minutes after the initial destruction, the valley was filled with cries of fleeing men and the intermittent sound of timbers falling to the ground, accompanied by wooden planks bouncing off each other and the occasional collapse of even more of the enormous structure.
Olds rose to his feet and looked down at his master. He started laughing. “We did it!” He cried out, “We did it!”
Soon, the rest of the troop began cheering as well, raising their fists and weapons high.
Matty ran over and hugged both Olds and the Batesman firmly, all the while yelling, “Wow! Did you see that? Holy cheese-snaps! That was the most amazing thing I have ever witnessed!”

Unseen by anyone was the wide-eyed guard slowly peeking over the ledge of the guard tower. He had witnessed everything that had gone on along the top of the plateau ― the arrival of the great iron vehicle, the effort of the men to move it toward the ledge, the conjuring of fire by the strangely garbed wizard, and the ultimate destruction of the metal lion and the enormous ramp. 
His eyes darted about as the Scumbags ran to their horses and began to ride away. His hands shook rapidly and his teeth wouldn’t stop chattering. He looked around again to make sure the coast was clear, and in a flash, climbed down the narrow ladder that led to the ground. Without a second thought, he stripped off the Andestan uniform and ran as fast as he could into the deep forests of the north. 




Chapter Twenty-Three: Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Grubbiness…


‘And so it came to piddle, that Vas Deferen the Great, who was made inanimate by the Dung Stone, as well as becoming lactose intolerant, now spent many of his afternoons and mid-mornings confined to a rather puffy bed, where he gazed upon the world with crossed-eyes, and a strange, vacant look plastered upon the front of his noggin, which made many believe that he had become a Jehovah’s Witness. He was attended to by various kneeling subjects who would bring him wine, and fresh fruits, and large trays of eel’s bladders that had been sautéed in a brackish hollandaise sauce, as well as fried kelp and shoestrings, for he was a man of taste, with a history of being shamelessly persnickety. However, his brainpan had now become quite empty and was in dire need of some serious restocking.
And Vas Deferen the Great spent his remaining days contemplating the insides of his eyelids or screaming at the ceiling and reciting ancient and overused campaign slogans. His body soon became frail and thin, for shoestrings and eel bladders have very little nutritional value, and the hourly bloodlettings didn’t help much either, though several of the leeches utilized had become fat enough to serve for Sunday dinner, and were featured in a parasite festival down the road commemorating the ancient discovery of ‘duck butter.’
And Vas Deferen soon left this earth and passed on to that great ‘Sandbox in the Sky’, where every man may build his own small, bucket-shaped castle, and dig moats around it with old gravy ladles, and continually chastise the neighborhood cats for burying their poo in its endless dunes. And Vas Deferen the Great, who was no longer that great, but quite dead, and hence, not even that pleasant smelling, was quickly carried out to a large field, which had once been a parking lot. But his body was rapidly decomposing, and they had to stop several times to pick up a few bluish-green appendages that had fallen off during transport. And they placed the body, as well as the gathered appendages, and his sword, and also his stuffed teddy bear collection, which was hauled there in a large dump truck. And when all was assembled, Vas Deferen’s carcass, now black and blue, with a few green bits, and greatly reeking, was piled deep beneath all the teddy bears, and was then promptly set ablaze, so that his ashes would drift across the earth and taint everyone’s drinking water.
And Vas Deferen the Dead left behind a well-built girlfriend, and also a few that were not so well-built, but were more like string beans or thin croquet stakes. The well-built female, however, was named Lollapalooza, and did I mention that she was constructed like a brick house? Well, she most certainly was! And she had two finely fabricated gables as well, and a front porch to die for!
Anyway, she had a son, who was named Vernacular Deferen, in honor of no one in particular, and at the time of Vas Deferen’s death, he was only eleven years old, and had only recently been taken off of breast-milk, and barely potty-trained just two weeks before, because his mother thought it would be a good experience for the young tike if he was sent off to a nice boarding-school that operated out of a large den deep in the forest, and was run by a pack of wild dogs. His rigorous training as a young pup succeeded only in making the boy relish running naked through the woods and to almost always be gnawing on an animal bone of one kind or another. 
However Vernacular Deferen, now wearing a flea collar and profoundly in love with a large basket of squeaky toys, and eager to play fetch, and who often slept with his arms and legs straight up in the air, and who would frequently sit on a couch and lick himself, was crowned King of Bartok and the Southern Nether Regions, which made him bark loudly in celebration before chasing a mailman down the road. 
So, it came to piss, that King Vernacular Deferen ruled over the land with great wisdom, and his loyal subjects showed their love for him by often sniffing his butt and rapidly wagging their tails whenever he passed by.’


-- The Book of Jasper, 4:20


The room was ornately decorated with garish wallpaper and paintings of nude Romans acting out the Karma Sutra.
“Is this the best we could do?” Matilda asked the rigid face of Olaf, who seemed obsessed with a well-endowed Satyr figurine. 
“I’m afraid so m’lady. It’s a honeymoon suite.” He slowly walked behind the little statue and quickly blushed. “If you think this is bad, you should see where our comrades are staying. They were stuck in a ‘Tahitian Getaway’ themed-suite…complete with a bamboo bathtub and several large mosquitoes.” 
Matilda frowned and looked around the room. “There’s only one bed.”
“Well, any honeymooners needing two are certainly rambunctious little breeders…”
“No, I mean…there’s only one bed…which means…where are you going to sleep?”
“Why in that heart-shaped Jacuzzi, I suppose.” Olaf whistled, while clasping his hands over his chest.
Matilda scowled. “By morning you’ll be as shriveled as a raisin.”
“Aye, and as clean as washing-machine agitator, no doubt.”
Suddenly a knock upon the large, pink door was heard and Olaf took two skips to answer it. “Ya-ya?” He guzzled loudly, turning the knob that was shaped like a candied kiss.
A lazy-eyed, hunched-back man coughed loudly and handed Olaf a large red envelope. “This message has arrived for you two lovebirds,” he lisped.
“Oh, thank you, but we’re not married,” Olaf dutifully replied. 
“So? That never stopped me neither,” The gray little urchin razzled, before scampering back down the hall.
Matilda giggled and asked, “What is it my pumpkin?”
“It appears to be from the crown prince’s foreign minister.” Olaf replied smartly.
“How do you know that?”
“Well…because it says: ‘From the Crown Prince’s Foreign Minister’ on the front.”
“So observant…” Matilda sarcastically replied. She began unpacking a few items into a large dresser that was loosely shaped like a woman’s torso, with rather vulgar knobs on each of the drawers. “Well, do open it…the suspense is killing me…along with this room’s décor.”
Olaf ripped the top of the envelope open and began to read the tiny document inside:

‘We must object to this diplomatic mission being done with so little notice…stop. 
We’ve barely had time to pack our underwear and shower caps, but we will try to be there within a couple of days…stop.
Please make yourself at home at the luxurious Aphrodite Hotel and Jacuzzi Suites…stop.
We hear the complimentary continental breakfast is quite tasty and free of any trans-fat…stop.’

“Aha!” Olaf exclaimed, “They have fallen for our little ruse.”
Matilda continued to unpack a large duffle bag, and smiled devilishly at her accomplice. “Perfect, that gives us a couple of days to do…a little investigating.”
Olaf laughed in a sinister fashion while rubbing his hands together. “I prefer the word ‘snooping’, myself.”
Suddenly, Abigail burst into the room; the great pink door banged against Olaf’s back and sent him flying into the Jacuzzi.
“Oof!” he yelled.
Abigail peered upon his figure, which was face down in the empty tub, his hobnail boots friskily kicking in the air. She frowned as if more than slightly perturbed at his acrobatic display.
“Pardon me…” She demanded, while frantically scratching her arms and legs. “Can I bunk here tonight? The mosquitoes in that other room are absolutely eating me alive!”

*****

His name was TurdMuffin. 
He was on guard duty atop the ridge surrounding the muddy bowl of Timbrook. He spied something in the distance and started to ecstatically jump up and down upon the rampart of the bridge. After a few moments of that, he then pulled a cow horn out of his pouch and blew several large breaths through it wildly. “They’re here! They’re here!” he cried, and then sounded the horn again and pointed towards the road.
Everyone in the village jumped with great joy, and many even squealed like little piglets, while others rapidly slapped themselves in the forehead ― mainly because it seemed like a good idea at the time. The entire troop of the Scumbags that were stationed in Timbrook ― busy looking over their spec-sheets of armor and weapon stats and almost always arguing about the numbers ― lifted their armaments high and cheered madly. They all ran to the front gate and began pumping their fists in the air while shouting: “Woot! Woot! Woot!”
The man leading the group of approaching horsemen could not be mistaken for anyone else in the world, except for maybe a Technicolor version of Robin Hood or Peter Pan. His outfit ― though a bit soiled, bloodstained and even ripped in a few places ― was, for the most part, as green as a freshly-steamed broccoli spear, which contrasted nicely with his still rather bright yellow tights. He eagerly waved at TurdMuffin upon the ridge, who gleefully waved back. 
Several men now pulled upon a few ropes that cranked up the front gate and Captain Tim Pestuous and his group entered the village like victors. Behind him, dressed handsomely in a tan leisure suit with a matching floral-patterned silk shirt, and wearing a huge, puffy cabbie hat, was Master Bates, riding his one-headed llama and smoking a large Cuban cigar.
Behind those two were Matty, Oldsmobill, and Mark and John Carpenter, followed closely by their brother-in-law Gatsby. A large contingent of the multi-colored Scumbags galloped behind ― their smiling faces beamed upon the front of their helmet-less heads. A great celebration soon commenced as everyone greeted one another and blessed the gods that most were safe and together again. Master Bates, seeing that the choice of food stuffs were a bit scrimpy, immediately produced a humongous bowl of gumbo, which weighed about a ton and was supposed to be extra spicy, though it tended to taste like soggy rice cakes with just a hint of Tabasco sauce.
He cried out: ‘Hasafrats!’ And a large strawberry shortcake appeared, which actually tasted like sterilized dirt, and in a real show of his powers, next screamed out, “Bela Lugosi!” 
Suddenly, ten casks of ale appeared out of nowhere, which made the residents truly roar in appreciation, and they immediately whisked the leisure-suit-wearing wizard upon their shoulders and carried him around the town, eventually awarding him the key to the city before crowning him “Miss Harvest Moon.”
The ale itself bore a close resemblance to water, but the townspeople and wayward warriors simply shrugged it off and told each other that it was ‘the thought that counted.’
The greatest party the town of Timbrook had ever seen then ensued, which actually isn’t saying much, but it was quite a festival nevertheless. 
Even the imprisoned Royal Guard were given large bowls of the gumbo and a few glasses of ale to wash the quite bland and chewy food down with. They were all being kept in a large holding pen, made of wood timbers and lined along the top with boughs of poison oak and poison sumac, which certainly lessened the chances of escape. About eighty or so men mingled about inside the pen and kept themselves peaceful for the most part. Sergeant Woolsely and Colonel Karloff sat by themselves on a pair of stumps and looked about with large, blank-face stares, still trying to cope with the loss of the battle.
A circular area in the center of town was designated as the ‘dance stage’, although it looked pretty much like any other open area of trampled dirt and mud. This did not deter the residents from gyrating  and ‘getting their groove on.’ They stuck their legs and arms out, waved their hands and wiggled their butts in gestures that could only lightly be called ‘dancing.’ The music was provided by the ‘Timbrook Jug-band and Foot Fetish Social Club’, and they were actually pretty good, the key of each song being determined by how much they drank out of each jug during their breaks.
Joe Salver and his wife, Fido, were stomping about arm-in-arm, and hooting and hollering in a most hoedown-ish of fashions, while Farley hung upside-down from the large oak tree and tried his best to pour the diluted ale into his nostrils.
Several of the Scumbags ― now out of uniform and dancing about ― clapped their hands and sang a song about a ‘moocher’ named ‘Minnie.’ Captain Tim spent his time mingling with the crowd. He made several laps of the merry throng before slowly making his way over to Johann, who was sitting in front of the mayor’s mansion and enjoying a bowl gumbo.
“Hidee-hidee-ho, Johann!” The captain proclaimed. “I have heard much of your daring-do and plucky industriousness.”
“Thank you, Captain.” Johann replied, he stood and bowed to the leader of the Scumbags. “But, it was your men that were truly courageous.”
Tim firmly grasped Johann’s shoulders, which made the squat Timbrookian spill a little of his gumbo, but he hardly noticed. “Your fellow townspeople look up to you, brave eater of trail mix and Cajun delicacies. That dost bode well for all of us here, me thinks.”
“Thank you, sir...me replies,” Johann smirked. 
Captain Tim leaned in and whispered, “Leadership is hard won, and easily lost. Stay strong my young companion and diligent, and these people will follow you no matter where you might lead them, even to the gates of hell, or the outskirts of Detroit.” He patted Johann on the back and smiled broadly. “Now, tell me about the casualties.”
Johann sat his bowl down on an empty cask next to him and pulled an shoe tongue out of his vest. He cleared his throat, which brought a small smile to Captain Tim’s face, and began to read the words scrawled upon the thin piece of leather.
“The Royal Guard suffered sixteen deaths, most from the conflict with the Scumbags, though a couple died from severe head wounds and one man apparently succumbed to an allergic reaction caused by a hornet sting.”
Captain Tim nodded slowly. “Aye, the consequences of war are never easy to stomach.”
“There were scores of wounded, most of which were minor and easily treated by Honcho el Grande. There are two men who lost limbs and are being carefully attended to. The last I heard, they were doing well and will survive.” Johann lifted his head slightly and pointed toward the cathedral and added, “We have a makeshift hospital set up behind the cathedral.”
“Very good, it is essential that we do all that we can to treat those men with respect and dignity. They are not our enemy…simply pawns of Vespius.” Captain Tim replied earnestly. “Now, what of our forces.”
Johann nodded solemnly. “We suffered one death. A man by the name of Placebo Truffle. He died from a chest wound. We buried him the morning after the battle.” Johann bowed his head.
“Did you know him?”
“Somewhat…he was a cobbler of sorts, though it was said that he ate more shoes than he ever did fix. He left behind a wife and a couple of bloodhounds.” Johann lifted his eyes up to meet Tim’s. “He was a good man and well-liked.”
Captain Tim put his hand upon Johann’s shoulder and bowed his head. “We must comfort ourselves in knowing that he died fighting for his family’s freedom and our god-given right to arm bears.”
“Yes, sir. In fact, she sees this as a celebration for his sacrifice…and of his life.” Johann pointed, “She’s the skinny one other there by the barrels…drinking ale from a leaky shoe.”
“You Timbrookians are a resilient sort, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I guess you could say that. I think everyone here is just relieved that the list wasn’t longer.”
“Aye.” Captain Tim looked about the celebration and slowly stroked his little goatee. He seemed lost in thought for a moment, but quickly recovered and abruptly asked: “And injuries?”
“Mainly just a few cuts and bruises, a couple of major wounds, but after a few stitches by Honcho, everyone seems to have recovered quite nicely, well, after he sharpened his needle that is...”
“Oh, my…” Captain Tim looked surprised at Johann, who slightly smirked.
“Yea, the first few were complaining quite loudly as it seemed he was trying to stitch them up with a screwdriver.”
Tim rubbed his temples and blinked his eyes several times before he thanked Johann again, and patted him on the shoulder, prior to heading toward the barrels of watery ale.

Oldsmobill walked around the dance floor sipping the bland beverage from a mason jar, when he noticed a strange man with a white afro staring intently at him.
“Hello?” Olds asked the odd fellow.
“H-hullo.” Farley replied hesitantly. “Do I knows you?”
Olds looked away. “We have met, I believe, but your hair…”
Farley smiled and rubbed his hand through his large, white mop. “Ah, a terrible accident of natural cause-and-effect, namely, a shard of electrical energy, which caught me poor noggin in a rare moment of exposure.”
“Huh?”
“I was struck by lightning!”
“Oh, how horrible.”
“Maybe, but the side-effects are quite rewarding.” Farley grinned and pulled the waist of his pants out a little. A greenish glow emanated from inside. “Hah! It’s like me own personal nightlight!”
“I see…”
“Yes, I’m quite the ladies’ man now, being that I can now see all that I’m doing wrong.”
“Okay…that was more than I needed to know…”
“Perhaps…but sharing such insights into me own private life, no matter how uncompfy it makes the average layperson feel…has never stopped me before.”  Farley grinned a large gap-toothed smile and looked upon Oldsmobill with a quizzical look from his bulging left eye. “But, you look familiar stranger, have we met before?”
“Yes, actually.” Olds raised his chin as well as his eyebrow toward the spindly chrysanthemum look-a-like.
Farley snapped his fingers. “I know! You used to run a bordello in Huckabuck. Right? Remember me? It was only about ten years ago when I visited your establishment during a sojourn of mine.”
“Uh…no.”
“Ah, come on…I was wearing a burlap sack and a coonskin cap.”
“Well…”
“I was on a pilgrimage to ‘find myself’ as part of an intervention program, which had been fostered upon me by the local constabulary, due to my excessive drinking and almost fanatical devotion to public indecency…which at the time, I thought was an act of religious conscription.”
“Really?”
“Yes, so I visited Huckabuck and your fine brothel there, for I thought the best way to find myself would be inside a brothel. I had just come out of a horrible love triangle, and you know what they say…?”
“Actually, no I don’t.”
“The best way to get over someone is to get under someone else.” 
“Really, but the truth is that I have never been to either Huckabuck or a bordello. But, we have met before.”
“Are you a traveling lacquer merchant?”
“No.”
“A muleskinner?”
“Uh, no. Actually, I visited this fair hamlet several weeks ago and was quickly jettisoned over that ridge.” Olds suddenly proclaimed proudly, pointing up towards the wall of stone.
“Oh! Ya, now I remembers you!”
“Yes, I was wearing a nice suit of armor and riding a great stallion.”
“Right, yes…”
“I was found by one of your fellow townsman…Johann, who helped me get back on my feet, as it were.”
“Ah, lucky that…”
“I promised myself that if I ever came back here, that I would kill each and every one of you vile, disgusting, little drunken horse eaters!”
Farley gulped loudly and began to hem and haw. “Well…uh, nice meeting you again…ahem…uh, uh, good luck with that.”
Olds started to slowly laugh as he spied the character disappear back into the crowd gathered around the dance floor. Olds took another few sips from the jar and continued to giggle lightly between drinks. He felt a hand lightly grasp his shoulder as a familiar voice entered his ears.
“And what exactly did you say to Farley?” Johann laughingly asked.
“Oh, just playing around.” Olds replied, smiling greatly.
“How are you doing, my friend?” Johann asked sincerely, slapping Olds’ upper arm with his hand. 
Olds grasped his shoulder and nodded slowly. “Still kicking, how about you?”
“A few bruises…”
Olds looked upon the crowd around him and glanced back toward Johann. “Well, my friend, we’ve come a long way…and yet, we’ve wound up close to where we started.”
“Yes, and we have seen a lot since the last time we were here. How you holding up, not planning on any major killing sprees here are you?’
“Naw, what is past is past…besides…I’ve seen too much bloodshed already. I’m getting tired of it.”
Johann bowed his head. “What of your quest now, Olds? What are you supposed to do next?”
“Actually, I don’t really know. I found the four carpenters, though.”
“Really?”
Olds laughed again and quickly pointed out Matty, who was doing the cha-cha with a small, snub-nosed woman in the middle of the dance floor. “Yes, it turns out Matty’s last name is…Carpenter.”
Johann’s eyes opened wide and he even spewed his drink to the left, landing a few droplets on Mayor Gristlepuss, who held his hand out as if checking for rain. “Goodness!” Johann shrieked. “Oookay, this is getting a little weird now.”
“Oh, it gets better, he has three brothers…Mark, Luke and John.”
Johann eyes became even larger, until the effort made his head hurt. “Jiminy crickets!” The stout man exclaimed before shaking his head and slowly scratching his stubbly chin. He stared down at Olds’ boots and softly whispered, “As it has been foretold…so shall it fore-be.”

Meanwhile, FumbDuck was dancing about with fearless abandon, when he suddenly lost his balance a little and bumped into a young woman who was standing next to the mighty oak tree. The collision, though slight, did manage to make her drop her bowl of gumbo. 
“Oh, pardon me ma’m.” FumbDuck nervously apologized and lightly grasped her shoulders for fear that she might fall into the mud.
“Quite alright.” She smiled shyly and said. She bowed her head and began to bend down to pick up the bowl, which was still intact, but splattered with mud.
“Let me get that.” FumbDuck said fretfully, and he retrieved the bowl and looked into the maiden’s eyes, which were rather large and bright green.
“Thank you, Mr. FumbDuck.” She softly replied.
“You know my name?” He breathlessly asked.
The young woman giggled and blushed. “Oh, everyone knows of you Mr. FumbDuck, and of your courage and leadership skills.”
He stood there engrossed for a second or two, holding the dirty bowl in front of him. He laughed lightly. “Pardon me for my clumsiness,” he said, still trying to catch another glimpse of her eyes, “I’m not much of a dancer.”
She giggled at the remark and pressed her hand to her lips. She glanced up at him before looking away again.
“Let me get you another bowl.” He bubbled, but as he turned toward the serving area, she lightly touched his arm.
“Oh, don’t worry about it, really, I was finished eating anyway.” 
“Well,” he replied, as a coy look covering his face, “in that case…” At which point he tossed the bowl behind the oak, and then held his hand to her.
“Would you care to dance?” He smiled broadly, but earnestly.
She giggled a bit, then looked over at two other young women standing close to her, and after they motioned her to accept, she curtsied slightly and placed her hand into his.
“Yes, sir, it would be my pleasure…to teach you how to dance.” She smiled, while FumbDuck, briefly taken aback by the remark, started to laugh. Soon they were joining the swarm inside the dancing area and spinning about with the others.
“I have always wanted a dance instructor, may I ask your name?” 
She spun around twice and when she stopped, her hair flung off her face and exposed her gentle smile. She curtsied again and replied, “Quintessence Sturgeon.”
The two locked elbows and began to slowly skip about in a semi-circle. FumbDuck leaned his head toward hers and said, “Oh, what a lovely name.”
“Thank you.” She replied. 
They finished the skipping routine and were now engaged in a dance that somewhat resembled a couple of kids playing patty-cake.
“FumbDuck is quite an unusual name.” She vocalized, slapping his palms with hers. 
“Yes,” he laughed, “that is why I chose it…”
“You chose your own name?” 
FumbDuck smirked. He began to slap his knees rhythmically, but soon lost his place in the movements of the dance. He looked puzzled at Quintessence who helped him to catch up. “Now, the elbows.” She laughingly said. At which point the two began delicately bumping their elbows together.
“Well, it’s a long story, but the gist of it is, that all of us soldiers get to choose our names before we join the army.” He replied.
The two now began to touch knees, with their hands firmly latched onto their waists; they next began high-stepping in a small circle to complete the maneuver.
“So, what was your name before you joined the army?” She asked.
FumbDuck stopped and looked toward his left suddenly. His eyes slowly closed and he started to scratch the top of his head. Quintessence thought he was just being dramatic, until FumbDuck turned and looked directly into her eyes with an expression of complete confusion. He replied simply: “Gosh, I can’t remember.”
He smirked again and as the two hooked up arms and began the skipping-about-in-a-circle bit again. They both chuckled enthusiastically at FumbDuck’s awkward movements, which always seemed to be a second or two behind the beat.
After the musical number, Quintessence kept her arm entwined around FumbDuck’s and the two gazed warmly into each other’s faces. They walked over to a small stump and sat down to catch their breaths.
“It’s kind’a funny how you can’t remember your past.” Quintessence said, her voice trailing off to an almost whisper. She bit her lip and silently worried that the Scumbag might think she was ridiculing him. But FumbDuck just laughed. 
“Y’know, it is kind of weird. Sometimes I have these unusual dreams…I see myself working at a small desk inside a small cubicle, inside a large glass box, and I spend my days looking at pages and pages of meaningless numbers and pie-charts, and I eat my meals out of a Styrofoam tray. The roads of that world are covered with thick sheets of smooth, black rock, like rivers of lava that have cooled and darkened…and there are plenty of people around, but yet, I seem to have little contact with them…other than small conversations about the weather or idle celebrity gossip…”
Quintessence gasped and touched her lips with her fingertips. “How dreadful.” She whispered.
“Yes. And sometimes…I hear this distant clicking sound inside my head, like someone is tapping small keys and producing every word I utter.”
“What a strange life you German Brewmasters lead.”
The thin-faced soldier looked away for a few seconds and nervously cleared his throat. He silently reprimanded himself for speaking too much about his personal life, and he was afraid that his confession might frighten the friendly woman. He looked upon her with an expression full of apprehensive and regret. Quintessence, though, was smiling softly. A look of compassion and interest filled her large, green eyes. FumbDuck hesitantly laughed and raised his chin high.
“Yes,” he declared proudly, his confidence returning, “but it is one full of adventure, and as long as the server doesn’t crash, it is quite fun and exciting!” FumbDuck smiled and gave Quintessence a wink, to which she responded by blushing and bowing her head a little.

Meanwhile, Captain Tim had made another mingling lap of the festivities and met up with Oldsmobill and Johann. The three of them began walking up the hill to where the catapult stood. 
“Absolutely amazing!” Tim exclaimed. “This is the best place possible to take on an army the size of Vespius’ Royal Guard.”
Olds continued to slowly sip the watery liquid that somewhat resembled ale, and agreed. “With a stone gate instead of a wooden one, and a wall along this ridge to protect our archers, we could possibly hold off an advance of his sizable army.”
“Aye, but nothing beats manpower, and that is where we’re sorely lacking, I’m afraid.” The green commander barked.
“Yes,” Johann interjected, “We definitely need more arms…and even more arms to bear those arms!” He laughed a little before looking about a little puzzled, silently wondering if the ale was stronger than the taste had let on. He suddenly asked in a very serious and worrying tone of voice, “But, Captain, do you believe your men will still fight?” 
The man in the yellow tights appeared startled. He suddenly thrust his chest out and raised his chin. A frowned covered his face. “What sayeth thou?” Captain Tim retorted, as if deeply shocked. “I thought that we had assuaged ourselves of such libelous disparagements!”
Johann shook his head rapidly and raised his hands upward as if begging for spare change. “No, I just mean…well, almost all of you have lost your yellow stripe, and I was just wondering…”
A smile started to break upon Tim’s rugged facial features. He reached over and grasped Johann’s shoulder. “Never fear, young shoe-eater, though we have accomplished much, and lifted the curse which, well, which cursed us, our job is not yet finished…for there is still much evil afoot and many a bridge to cross before we may rest.”
Johann let out a smile and a faint sigh of relief, mainly because he didn’t want to have to give back his borrowed armor and ‘Giblet’s Cutter’, which he had grown quite fond of, but also because he feared for the future of his hometown without the Scumbags there to assist in its defense.
“Worry not, for we Scumbags have lived long in exile and have grown to love the smell of adventure…as well as a hearty dinner.” Captain Tim bellowed, before laughing proudly.
Master Bates soon joined the trio at the catapult. He had his arm around two grubby, local girls. “Oh what a party!” He exclaimed. “Tell me fellows, what’s the possibility of an old wizard like me getting laid in a dump like this?”
Olds and Tim looked askance at the old conjuror. Johann just started giggling madly.
“What?” The Batesman asked their surprised faces. “Think an old dog can’t learn a few new tricks?”
“But what about Juanita?” Olds asked.
The wizard pursed his lips and rolled his eyes. He smiled at his two female companions and laughed smugly. “Pardon me ladies, I have to crack that horrible excuse for a wingman right in the eye socket. Why not scamper back to the keg line and get us all a refill or two? Hmmm?”
The two women, whose names were Staph and Hepatitis, sighed in unison and scurried past a large pile of potato skins on their way back down the hill and toward the festivities below. They whispered and giggled during the journey while talking about various types of fishing lures.
The Batesman watched them go while tapping his foot rapidly in the mud. He suddenly turned and sneered toward his ex-apprentice. “What’s wrong with you?  Can’t an old man have a little fun?”
Oldsmobill looked away and smirked. “I, I…just thought you and Juanita were in a…uh, serious relationship, that’s all.”
“That’s a long journey, Olds, my boy! I was hoping for a little wango-tango tonight! Nothing wrong with a middle-aged barley farmer sowing a few wild oats, is there?!”
Captain Tim decided it best to just change the subject. “Olds and I were discussing the amazing defensive position this place affords our meager troops.”
Master Bates looked the three men with a scurrilous look upon his face. He suddenly clapped his hands together, and changed his mood almost immediately. “Ah, I see…this is a strategy meeting…” He knowingly simmered and began pacing about in a small circle, waving his hands in a most enthusiastic and melodramatic of fashions. “It is here that we will vanquish Vespius’ army!” He confidently declared. He then pointed southward for a few seconds, licked his index finger and checked the wind’s direction, abruptly turned, and pointed to the east. 
Captain Tim frowned at the strange gestures and looked shocked at the declaration. “You seem pretty confident.”
“Oh, look at this amazing geological anomaly!” The wizard cried out, unexpectedly lighting another fat Cuban cigar. A large puff of smoke exited his lips as he began bounding around the catapult and waving his arms in the air as if trying to catch a low-flying bat. “This will make a most excellent defensive position! And if that doesn’t work…we can turn it into a large land-fill!”
“Aye! It would appear to be a fine place to defend.” Captain Tim loudly pronounced. He too, started lumbering around the catapult, thinking the action conducive to deep thought and deliberation. Olds and Johann looked upon each other with befuddled looks and exasperated rolling of their eyes. Music from the festivities below began to drift up to the men and the wizard and commander began timing their leaps to the rhythm.
“The town is surrounded by these steep walls, with an easily defensible entrance…and best of all…has all the grubs a man can eat.” Tim declared, before he deftly pirouetted and slapped his chest.
“Siege engines would be useless without clearing a large number of the trees around the swamp, and building such mechanisms on such soft and squishy ground would be tantamount to failure.” Master Bates sang out, now tap-dancing behind the catapult for some odd reason.
“It is a strange area, like none I have witnessed before.” Tim whistled, while shuffling upon one foot.
“They call it Mount Moo, but this part of the terrain is not a mountain at all. I would say it is more likely a crater of some type.” The Batesman replied, now doing some type of movement that closely resembled the ‘Charleston,’ only much, much weirder.
Olds looked upon the two and wondered who spiked the punch with LSD. “A crater, you think?” He asked in a serious tone of voice.
The Batesman stopped dancing and stared at the landscape. “Yes, I think it may have been created in that way, but then again it may have once been a volcano, which has slowly eroded with time. That would certainly account for those strange, utter-like pylons on yonder mountain.” The wizard took a couple huge puffs from his cigar, as well as a large gulp of the ale, and quickly continued. “But, it should be noted, that I’m no geologist, and that I’ve never even played one on TV. However, I am a man of letters, as they say, and am well-versed in the arts of nail-biting and haberdashery…now admittedly, those are not subjects that one usually earns a degree for, but nevertheless, I have found them to be valuable in the vicissitudes of one’s life.”
“What?” Johann cried out in distress, for the wizard’s words were making his ears hurt.
“Anyways,” the leisure-suited conjurer continued, “I would say…this place may have been created by a large meteor having collided with this particular piece of the earth’s crust.”
Olds contemplated this for a few seconds, while the Batesman and Captain Tim began disco dancing. Johann finished his cup of ale and sat down upon a large rock.
“Y’know,” Oldsmobill vocalized towards the two, who were busy wiggling their butts and moving their hands about in little rhythmic circles, “Vespius said something about the legend of the Dung Stone, and how some came to believe that it fell from the sky.”
His master suddenly stopped his gyrating and looked befuddled. “Fell out of the sky, hmmm?” He softly replied in a melodiously quizzical manner.
“Yes, a bishop or something…thought it was a gift from god.”
“Well, if the stone did actually land here once, that may explain some of the strange behavior of this region’s occupants.” The wizard thought a few more seconds on the subject and then did a rapid 360º degree spin, before finally ending his routine with the splits. Captain Tim, meanwhile, continued to dance around the catapult like a marionette in the hands of a lunatic.
Olds looked upon the two and scowled. “Yes, that might explain a lot,” he sarcastically replied.

Later, as the celebration kicked into high gear, and everyone was getting good and sloshed, the Batesman, now dressed in a flowing white wizard’s cloak, with rhinestone runes and crescent moon-shapes finely embossed all over the glistening cloth ($199.99 in the April edition of Master Mojo’s Wizard Garb catalog) stood in the middle of the dance ground and raised his arms for silence.
“Friends! Hear me! Oh, hear me!” He loudly bellowed. 
Slowly, the commotion subsided until all eyes and ears were upon the sparkling figure.
“Thank you…well, this is a fine time for a party, and you all deserve to celebrate the magnificent victory that took place here only a couple of days ago…as well as the great victory at Corpuscle Creek and the ultimate destruction of the great war-wagon and ramp at the cliffs of Walder. So, to each of you, I say: “Congrats!”
The entire group of peasants and soldiers alike joyfully shouted and thrust their fists into the air.
“However,” he continued, “You must all realize this one simple truth…” He closed one eye and gave the entire crowd a commanding look with the other. “…Each and every one of you are…traitors!”
A loud mumbling emanated from the crowd. They looked upon each other ― as well as toward the shimmering wizard ― with much confusion and surprise. 
“Sorry, to be a party pooper,” he replied, “but the truth hurts and you might as well face your medicine. For you are what you eat, and you people have been eating some sorry excuses for food. However, this is no time to be crying over spilt milk, and if you don’t believe anything that I’ve said so far, then I have plenty more clichés to viciously unleash upon you.”
The crowd looked upon the conjurer with frowning looks of derision, but the wizard didn’t entirely blame them for their initial reaction. He was well aware that he often tended to ramble whenever in front of large crowds. He coughed loudly and tried his best to stay focused.
“When Crown Prince Vespius hears of this defeat, he will be extremely…well, upset…no…much more than just upset…he’s going to be angry, yes, quite angry…in fact, I would even go so far as to say that he is going to be extremely pissed-off about these recent events…and that makes everyone here a marked man or woman, or both.”
Master Bates then clasped his hands behind his waist and slowly walked about the circle of mud. He soon stopped and quickly pointed to the crowd, which gasped in surprise. “Therefore, listen up, Chuck! A regiment is one thing, but a division is another, and very soon, you’re going to need twice that courage and willpower when an army of a few hundred marches down that soggy road. So, tomorrow we had better start preparing for a much larger and stronger defense, or we might as well start preparing for our own funerals.”
The crowd now breathlessly looked upon the wizard. He stared at all of them with fierce and determined eyes. He then unexpectedly smiled and waved his left hand toward the crowd. 
“Anyway,” he cheerfully cried out, “have more punch and enjoy yourselves.” He nodded several times before storming off and leaping behind a stack of pony kegs.
The party continued, though there was no doubt that the wizard had put a definite damper on the evening’s rabble-rousing. Many soon crept off to their ditches or nap-sacks to get a good night’s sleep. The rest tried to have a good time, but the life had gone out of the party, and after designating shifts of watchmen to guard the prisoners and keep an eye on the road, the rest of the residents and soldiers dispersed and either fell into a deep slumber or simply logged off. 

*****

The next morning, a council was held in the center of town. Those attending were Captain Tim Pestuous, FumbDuck, WTF, Pwned, Johann, Honcho el Grande, Joe Salver, Mayor Gristlepuss, Master Bates, Oldsmobill, The Carpenter brothers, Harv and Delores Matters, and Garlo Slocumb. After a few large cups of morning tea were served, Master Bates immediately got down to business.
“I hereby convene the first meeting of the Timbrookian War Council. The wizard proclaimed. He was wearing a long silk robe with a great yellow dragon illustration on the back. The two chopsticks sticking out of his hair were totally accidental. “Mayor Gristlepuss, would you read the minutes from the last meeting.”
The mayor stood upon his blocks of wood and proudly prattled: “The first order of business was to initiate a committee to organize a bake-sale and pie-dough raffle, the proceeds of which would go to ensure that we have enough chairs for our next meeting. We all agreed and adjourned for lunch.”
The wizard stared at him for several seconds with a derisive look, before sighing and declaring, “Oh, well, if you say so…anyway, let’s get down to business…”
“Uh, pardon me,” the mayor interrupted, waving his hand briskly about, “should I be writing all of this down?”
The wizard growled, “…Every word!”
The mayor peeped and whispered to Joe Salver, “I’m gonna need more pencils.”
Joe nodded and was going to run to his pub to fetch some more writing instruments, but the mayor grabbed him by the sleeve and frantically asked, “You wouldn’t happen to have a stenographer in there would you?”
“No,” Joe replied, “just a couple of ghost writers.”
“Oh, well, just bring me several pencils…or maybe just a single pencil…provided that it is extremely large.”
The wizard stomped over to the mayor, who ― sighting his presence ― quickly shooed Joe away. Master Bates growled and peered down upon the round little man and viciously asked, “May I continue Mayor? Or is there something you’d like to share with the rest of the council?”
The mayor rapidly shook his head and smiled.
“Good, now as I was saying, we are in a great position to do the Cornswallow empire irreparable harm, or on the other hand, we may just be setting ourselves up to be massacred in a most horrible and excruciatingly painful of ways.” The mustachioed wizard looked around the council with a stern look upon his face, until he suddenly smiled and cheerfully asked, “Those are our options, any questions?”
Captain Tim raised his hand. “How are we ever going to defeat such a large and highly-trained army?”
Everyone nodded, for that was the sixty-four thousand dollar dilemma.
“Good question! Here is my plan.” Master Bates declared and quickly glanced around the circle of curious faces. He waited a moment or two so that the tension would mount. “Obviously, we need more people. Now, I am planning on sending a message to several associates of mine in and around Pooch, a ‘call to arms’ as it were, and hopefully we can get a few bodies here in time to defend this little bowl of excrement. My next course of action will be to head to Valdorlok, and tell Queen Delecroix of Vespius’ plans.” The Batesman waved his finger in the air and clicked his tongue, “With any luck, she will listen to me, for I‘d hate to have to turn her into an octopus, but my diplomatic methods are rather crude and unrepentantly harsh.”
“Do you think she’ll send an army?” Harv asked.
“Well, that is where hope comes in.” The wizard replied. “Once she understands that Vespius only wants to marry her so that he may have control of the bridge and the gateway into Valdorlok, perhaps she will call upon her people, as well as her army, to come to our aid. On the other hand, she may find that being turned into an octopus is actually quite enjoyable and a very effective form of life…if you happen to enjoy multi-tasking.”
“That’s still not enough soldiers.” Delores abruptly replied.
“Perhaps,” Master Bates answered, “but, once news of these victories gets around a bit, we may have more ranks to join our cause.” 
“Allegoria should be quite a breeding ground for such additions to our fight, for there are many there that were not happy when Cornswallow took over control.” Captain Tim added.
“Yes, that is why I’m sending an urgent call to my friends and compatriots in Pooch.” The wizard volleyed.
“We will need more supplies, for without more food we may all starve to death here in this quagmire.” FumbDuck said.
“I can help a little, but as you all are quite aware, my food-making prowess leaves much to be desired.” The wizard declared.
“Aye, for your dinners are much like Chinese take-out…quite filling, but I am left feeling hungry again in an hour or so.” Captain Tim added.
“Well, don’t look a gift horse in the mouth…or in the anus, for that matter.” The wizard replied to everyone’s puzzled faces.
“If we can arrange for some supplies from Allegoria, we could sneak the cargo around back.” Johann said.
“There’s another entrance to this squalid sack of crap?” The wizard asked.
“Uh, yea…it’s a small trail where the ridge runs against the Moo Mountains. A very meandering trail that leads to a small clearing in the marsh that contains a small cemetery for past dignitaries.”
“Must be quite a small cemetery…” Master Bates sneered.
“However, it is much too narrow for horses or wagons, or even two fat men going in opposite directions, so we will most definitely have to lug whatever supplies we receive for quite a long distance.” The mayor said, and then continued to write rapidly upon the legal pad.
Oldsmobill spoke up. “I have been thinking, there is a real possibility that Vespius will not attack us.”
“Hmm, what do you mean, Olds?” Captain Tim asked.
“Considering that he has bigger plans elsewhere, chances are, he’ll simply send a hundred or so men and blockade the place. We’ll be completely powerless to stop him.”
“The problem is that Timbrook is a bit out of the way, and sure, that’s also one of its advantages.” Garlo quickly added. “But, Oldsmobill is right, I don’t think Vespius is going to tie up a large number of his army in trying to squelch a rebellion that, in the end, won’t matter anyway.”
“But, Olds, how will we get Vespius to engage us, if he desires naught?” Captain Tim asked, “Shall we go forth from this magnificent defensive position and battle him on the open plains of Rottweillor?”
Olds shook his head, “No, that would be suicidal, and we’re not going to make the same mistake King Piddy made.”
Everyone looked upon the ever-browning hair of the brave knight and nodded in agreement. Olds looked upward at the encircling ridge of stone and said simply: “No, we shall build our stronghold here!”
“But, Olds, how will we make Vespius come here?” Tim asked again. 
“By having the one thing he needs more than anything else, the one person who can truly stop him.” Olds stated plainly.
Master Bates looked up, a puzzled look was plastered upon his face. “His chiropractor?”
“No,” Olds replied, then smiled, and slowly nodded his head, “King Hector Cornswallow.”
A gasp went up around the circle, while Delores smirked. 
“How you planning on doing that?” Captain Tim asked in a tone of pure bewilderment.
“A gilded invitation…printed on fine cardstock might work.” It was Joe that contributed that remark, and everyone looked at him strangely and saw firsthand what alcohol and solvent addiction can do to one’s brain over time.
“No, we simply…go and get him…and bring him here.” Oldsmobill said, and started laughing, for he suddenly realized how ludicrous the idea was.
“You want to kidnap him?” Garlo asked.
Olds looked up to the morning sun. He slowly rubbed the stubbly beard that had grown upon his jaw. 
“No,” he loudly whispered, “I want to rescue him.”


‘It did occur to some in those days that a man might polish his collarbones to a vibrant and radiant shine, and many men did this with large raspy files and store-bought burnishing kits. And many a crow’s nest was raided for their yolky containers known as eggs, and given to their maidens as a sign of the latent apple-polishing excuses of their fore-fathers, who often slept in laundry hampers and begged for granulated roofing shingles and velour elbow pads. But there was a foghorn in the laundry room, which sounded like a group of Dutch carpetbaggers bellowing lunch-time combo-meal menus and voluptuous volleyball scores, and they wore high collars and thinly cuffed ecclesiastical reprimands upon their shoulders, and they started every sentence with: “Which came first, the chicken…or the omelet?”
So it was in those days, that many shepherds were seen hurtling their flocks of sheep off of steep cliffs, for salvation was in the air, as well as numerous panic-stricken “baa’s” of fear, accompanied by large clouds of ruffled wool, but the times were a’changing, and such sacrifices only made the local priests pray for ‘the last days’, and deeply long for the discovery of the cotton gin. Or, at least, the discovery of the cotton vodka. Ha! 
It was in such times, that King Vernacular Deferen, did consummate his marriage to a poor peasant girl by the name of Hoodwink, by sleeping with her sister, and upon discovery that both women had somehow become pregnant, did flip a large coin and named the two fetuses, which at that time, were still percolating inside the fleshy ovens of his female companions, and were not quite golden brown yet. 
So, in a fit of simplemindedness and sentimental indifference, he called them: ‘Jetsam’ and ‘Flotsam’. And they would assume these identities once the timer went off and they were extruded from the swollen stoves of their mothers, and duly presented to the king on a large, lightly greased, cookie tray.
And it came to drizzle, that the little critters were born, and King Vernacular looked upon his stubby offspring with great joy, and began to chase his tail around the room for several hours, until he became quite dizzy and subsequently crawled off to sleep in his little red doghouse, which stood in the courtyard of his palace and was surrounded by numerous piles of chewed-up, squeaky-toys. 
And so it came to pass, after the untimely death of King Vernacular, who one day chased a tennis ball into the street and was run over by a large herd of stampeding Proctologists, that Jetsam and Flotsam were crowned Kings of Bartok and the Nether Regions, and they assumed this task together, for even though they had been born of different mothers, they were, in fact, Siamese twins.’


----“The Book of Jasper, 4:21”


The morning sun continued to creep across the weird visage of Moo Mountain and brought a silvery light upon the large garbage pile below. The entire basin was littered with plastic cups, candy wrappers and unconscious human beings.
The council meeting was adjourned and many plans were made and discussed, and even though Mayor Gristlepuss wrote every word down, it was decided that such a record of their discussions might be dangerous if it fell into the wrong hands, so the minutes of the meeting were quickly burned, and the mayor wept with great sorrow, for he was quite proud of his penmanship.
Master Bates sounded the breakfast bell by setting off the theft-alarm on his llama.
‘Wee-ooh, wee-ooh, ahnt-ahnt-ahnt, honk-honk, doodle-doo, doodle-doo, woopah-woopah-woopah.” The alarm cycle repeated a few times until the rest of the sleeping citizens nearly rioted. He finally shut off the alarm after barely avoiding a well-thrown tire-iron.
“Cheep-cheep” the alarm sounded as it was reset.
The wizard waved his arms about and cried out: ‘Foo Manchu!” Which produced a large cloud of smoke and a very nice breakfast bar, complete with a greasy cafeteria worker by the name of Hazel, who tagged along by accident.
A great meal was soon being consumed at several large card tables, which had been covered in white plastic, for they were simply rentals and had to back at the bingo hall by noon.
Olds and Johann ate happily, even though the food, as usual, was quite plain and uninspiring. 
“So, ol’ buddy, you coming to Rottweillor with us?” Oldsmobill asked.
Johann laughed. “Oh, right! And once we get there, we can just sneak into the heavily guarded fortress of Rottweillor castle, sneak up the stairs and past the numerous guards stationed there, then somehow get into the royal bedroom and kidnap Hector Cornswallow, then sneak him out, past even more guards and god-knows-who-else, and then bring him all the way here without being hopelessly slaughtered?”
Olds lightly laughed and began to nod his head. “Yep, that about sums it up.”
“Okay,” Johann laughed, “Well, that’s totally insane!” 
“Yes, quite.” Oldsmobill replied, now chewing on a spoonful of scrambled eggs, which had the same consistency as fried wood pulp. “Then, I was thinking, perhaps a trip to Razzle-Bazzle, to see if we can requisition some arms and armor from the trolls there.”
Johann laughed again, “Okay, that’s sounds quite crazy as well.”
“So? You joining us?”
Johann smiled broadly. He ate a spoonful of the eggs and finished with a mouthful of biscuit. After washing everything down with some orange juice, he looked back over at Olds, and started laughing again. “Sure, why not? I’ve always wanted to see the inside of Rottweillor castle anyway.”
“That’s the spirit!”
“And what better way to see how a king lives, then by sneaking into his bedroom and kidnapping him?”
“It will be an amazing adventure!” Olds proudly declared, looking up to the heavens.
“Yes,” Johann sarcastically replied, “and one which will probably end with a long walk to the gallows.”

Across the table sat Matty and his brothers. They ate mainly in silence. They tried to their best to enjoy the meal and the festivities of the night before, but their injured brother’s health weighed heavily upon their minds. Luke had been brought to Timbrook, along with the others wounded at corpuscle Creek and placed in the little hospital that had been built behind the Cathedral of Habitual Motions. It was, unlike most of the town’s other so-called buildings, constructed rather nicely, with thick timber walls and a roof of dried thatch and mud.
The men were well cared for by Honcho el Grande, and several of the village’s elderly women, who brought the injured men much relief with homemade elixirs and primitive medicines that had been stolen from passing pharmaceutical salesmen. When Master Bates arrived, he continued the doctoring process and his remedies and methods proved quite successful, even though he had lost his license to practice medicine many years ago in a game of blackjack.
Luke had passed in and out of consciousness for the last few days. An infection sapped his strength and plunged him into a horrible fever that nearly killed him, but the fever eventually broke and he seemed to be on the road to recovery, although he still hadn’t gained full consciousness. Matty, John and Mark were always by his bedside, trying their best to comfort him and often questioning the Batesman about his chances of recovery, but the wizard kept a tight lip and continued to hope for the best.
“I saw Luke this morning. He looked much better.” Olds whispered to Matty. 
Matty looked up and smiled at his friend and lightly tapped him on the arm. “Aye. Mark told me that you visited him again today. We appreciate that, Olds. Keep praying for the best.”
“Of course.” Olds replied. He looked over at John who smiled and shook his hand, while Mark leaned back in his chair and patted Olds on the back.
“He is strong. He’ll pull through.” Mark said assuredly, before smiling a faint smile of hope. “He has been injured before and…”
Mark stopped and looked over at his two brothers, who immediately looked to him. 
“He’s going to help us finish what we started. He is strong, like our father, and when he sets his mind to something, well…” Mark’s lips trembled and he stared down at his plate of food, his eyes filling with tears. John leaned over and put his arm around him, while Oldsmobill lightly gripped his wrist.
“Nothing’s gonna stop him…nothing.” Mark curled his lips inward and tightly closed his eyes. He turned his head away and wiped his face on his sleeve, and began to eat rapidly, taking his mind off the unspeakable.
Matty lightly tugged on Old’s tunic. He then leaned in and whispered. “I just want you to know that we’re still with you, Olds. And…and when Luke gets better, we’re gonna do all that we can to help…just like we promised.”
Olds nodded slowly, putting his arm around the old sailor and slowly began to smile. “There is something at work here…that, well, that I can’t explain…I don’t fully understand it myself. But, Matty, I know Luke is going to get better. I just know it.”
Matty looked up and began smiling as well. His face seemed to glow a little in the morning sun and his spirits lightened a little as if a weight had been lifted from him.
“I know…I gots that same feeling. It’s weird, but even when Luke was suffering through the fever, and things looked really bad, I had this…sense…like I knew, deep down, that he was going to pull through. Isn’t that odd?”
“No.” Olds smiled and leaned back. He patted Matty on the back of the head and replied simply, “It’s hope, I guess. But, maybe it’s something more…whatever it is…sometimes…it’s all we need.”

Moments later, the feast was interrupted by a teeny ringing sound, and everyone looked to see Mayor Gristlepuss standing upon a large cask of ale. “Attention! Attention!” The man-mound exclaimed, banging a pig’s rib bone against a small goblet.
“Ladies, Gentlemen, and assorted afterthoughts…ahem…your attention please! It has come to my awareness, being that I am a man of the people and for the people and often standing by the people, that we Timbrookians have some explaining to do…” The mayor’s eyes suddenly darted around the assemblage to see if anyone was getting ready to toss something toward his bald, little balloon ― for his timing was impeccable and he knew exactly when to duck during such speeches after years of target practice. Seeing the coast was relatively clear, he continued his droning. 
“If I may be so bold as to boldly go where no mayor has boldly gone, then let me do so…which I will, and quite boldly, too! I must say!” The mayor looked about again and finally found the man he was looking for.
“Oldsmobill!” He screeched, “If you would please stand…”
A small round of applause filled the gully as the sword-slinger slowly rose with an embarrassed look upon his face. The mayor began ringing the goblet again and resumed his sputterage.
“Yes, yes…Oldsmobill, if I may be so bold as to call you by one of your known aliases…ahem…” The mayor quickly pulled out a large wad of papers and began to peruse each one for the speech he wrote only moments before. Finally finding the document, he smacked his lips with glee before taking another good look around for any flying objects.
“Right! On behalf of the citizens of Timbrook, I do solemnly apologize for the rather rude behavior that was afforded you upon your initial visit to Timbrook. It was not at all nice and probably set our tourist trade back ten years, as well as most certainly knocking our hospitality ranking down to just below that of Baghdad, be that as it maybelline, let me offer you, on behalf of everyone in this fair and abiding abode, which really isn’t as bad as most major metropolitan areas, except for the whole fungus thing, a small token…in the hope that it will change your mind about us and won’t lead to you writing several horrible letters to the International Association of Travel Agents…”
Johann suddenly interrupted the mayor’s ramblings by jumping up and smiling toward his friend’s embarrassed and slightly confused face. “We have this for you.” He declared, holding a small wadded-up cabbage leaf in front of him. Olds slowly stepped forward and took the little vegetable leaf and began to unroll it ― his face blushing uncontrollably. 
Inside the leaf was a small, marred and slightly melted pendant. 
He immediately recognized the gift that was once given to him by Father Adenoid. It was curved and disfigured on one side, and instead of hanging from a gold chain, was now tied to a piece of thin rawhide. Though quite damaged, he could still make out some of the writing: 

‘Don’t Wo…
Be…’ 
…was all that was still legible.
“Still kind of a positive message though.” Johann peeped. “Don’t woe, be…”
“Yes, I think all in all, it’s quite positive.” Olds smiled brightly and turned to everyone around him and held the pendant up with great pride. “Thank you all.” He said before slipping the item around his neck, much to the relief of many of the residents who secretly feared that he might snap at any moment and slaughter them all.


And so it came to pasteurize, in the area known as the Nether Regions, also labeled the Lower Extremities, wherein dwelled the cities of Bartok and Taylee, and also called the Southern Mea Culpa Valley by a few idiots, and sometimes identified as the ‘Land of the Lost’, and as a good a place as any to get an apple core lodged in your esophagus. And even though it was periodically described by a few meatheads as the ‘Kingdom of the Kitsch Collectors’ and as the ‘Province of the Pigeon-Toed Pipe-Fitters’, there were still those that referred to it as the ‘land of the cleave’ and the ‘home of the depraved’.
For it soon became fashionable to nibble upon an in-laws toes while they were asleep, or to lick a bald man’s scalp, in the hopes that by consuming bits and pieces of other human beings, it would in turn, make the consumer more human. They called it either ‘cannibalism’ or ‘capitalism’, I can’t remember which, but the practice became a popular past-time and the price of severed index fingers went sky-high on the open market. 
Oh, but alas, all was not rosy in the land of the one-armed limpers, and it quickly became apparent that partaking of a relative’s slow-cooked thigh, though a hearty and savory treat, did not make a person more human, but only made their in-laws limbless gimps that needed to be constantly carried to and from the outhouse, or put into little red wagons and dragged off to church every Sunday. So, it was decided by the twin kings of Jetsam and Flotsam, that the practice would be declared illegal ― thus radically changing the Thanksgiving Day menu forever.
And so it came to pus, that the twin kings did look upon their kingdom and deemed it full of vicious little carnivores, and so they built a large salad buffet and started worshipping a humungous eggplant, they named ‘Squishy’. And the people gave up singing their ‘meat psalms’ and dining upon the ears of their distant cousins, and became enthused with much more standardized fare like Twinkies, polecats, and slow-roasted fedoras. 
Though the kings were shrew-like in their intestinal fortitude, political shenanigans were something they left to more experienced sycophants ― those that wore paisley ties, and left behind damp pieces of carpet to mark their territories. But the twin kings were always happy to rub their friend’s noses in it, as long as they brought a few napkins and a cup or two of club soda. And all seemed well, and the Kings Flotsam and Jetsam looked upon their kingdom and saw that it was good, and they rested on the seventh day and went shopping on the eighth. And when it became the ninth day, they even found time to produce a child, which they yanked from their wife’s loins and called, “Elementary” for that was also the name of a popular breakfast cereal at the time. 
And Elementary Deferen, the son of the Kings Flotsam and Jetsam and the grandson of Vernacular Deferen, and the great grandson of that big punk, Vas Deferen the Great, was duly born, and immediately  spanked, until his little butt was as red as a drunkard’s nose.

---- The Book of Jasper 4:22


Harv and Delores sat next to Olds at the long table and talked of all that happened to them.
“I am truly sorry, that we brought so much hardship to you and your family.” Olds sadly said.
“Never mind that Olds, it wasn’t your fault, and the truth is, it was bound to happen sooner or later.” Delores replied, while nibbling on a biscuit.
“I only hope that without Gravy Acklander around anymore that Fouldune somehow or another becomes a better place to live.” Harv added.
“Yes, I hope the entire region follows that course.” Olds replied.
Delores briskly handed a plate over to Oldsmobill. It contained a circle of steaming biscuits. “Care for some biscuits, Olds?” She asked politely.
“Don’t mind if I do.” He cheerfully replied. He took two of the light biscuits and placed them on his plate, right next to a small helping of eggs. Delores then handed a small jug to him.
“Care for some jam?”
Oldsmobill reached for the jug, but his hand stopped in midair and slowly withdrew. He stared at her strangely. He didn’t say a word, but his eyes widened, before his hand rose again and slowly took the jug from her. He couldn’t help but look upon her intently as she grinned and began to split a biscuit in half. She briefly looked back toward Olds and smiled again.
“Thank you.” He managed to whisper out of his agape mouth and puzzled face. One sniff of the contents of the jug changed his facial expression to one of disgust, and he quickly replaced the lid upon the jar. 	“I think the jam has gone bad.” He said slowly while still staring at Delores.
She smiled briefly, and Olds noticed an air about her that he had never noticed before. She held the spoon very lightly in her hand, her pinkie somewhat distended outward, as she slowly ate her food. She looked about the table with a calm demeanor ― her chin lifted up just slightly.
At first, he wondered if her offering of the biscuits and the jam was just coincidence, or if it truly was the fulfillment of what his dream had told him. Was Delores really the daughter of a southern king? 
“Delores, where are you from?” He asked curiously.
She smiled and dabbed her lips with a napkin. “From Taylee originally.” She answered almost too automatically.
“Family still there?”
“No.” She looked down at her plate, before looking back towards Olds just for a second. “My father died many years ago, and my mother and I decided to move to Fouldune and start our lives over.”
“Why Fouldune?”
“Well, we originally were heading to Valdorlok, but we stopped there, and I was offered a job at a local fish restaurant, where I became a part-time cook and apprentice saucier.”
“Yes,” Harv added, “I met her at a local fish-fry, she was gutting fish carcasses like a queen pulling mussels from a shell.”
“Oh, I see.” Oldsmobill replied. “Like a queen, huh?”
The conversation was abruptly ended when Farley came screaming through the middle of town ― riding on the back of a large pig. No one knew which was worse or louder, his screaming and hollering, or the pig’s. Fred Mealy chased him about for some time, blaring obscenities and tossing several corncobs toward the mad hog-rider.
After the commotion died down, and the breakfast was finished, Olds caught up again with Harv and Delores, who were taking a walk around the top of the ridge. Harv was smoking a pipe and the two talked between themselves until Olds neared.
“Oldsmobill, what do you think our chances are of getting back to Carbuckle and seeing our son again soon?” Harv asked.
“Well, the water level around Timbrook seems to have dropped a bit, chances might be good. I still wouldn’t take the main road though.”
Harv sighed and looked out over the swamplands.
“Is that your plan?” Olds asked.
“Yes, I miss my son and my mother so very much.” Delores regretfully said.
The three stood in silence and stared upon the surrounding landscape for a few minutes before Olds broke the silence with a question that made Delores look upon him with a slight look of apprehension.
“Delores,” Olds slowly and carefully asked, “I don’t think you’ve ever told me your maiden name?”
She looked strangely at him for only a second. “Vasser.” She hesitantly replied.
Olds stared off into the distance. “I don’t know how to say this…so, I’ll just say it.” He looked upon them both, and lifted his eyebrows, trying to speak in a kind voice. “I know that your name is not Vasser.”
Both of the Matters looked at each other with a puzzled expression, before turning back to Oldsmobill. Delores smirked. “Olds, whatever do you mean?”
He smiled slightly, before turning more serious. “I don’t believe you are who you say you are.”
“Olds!” Harv replied in a shocked tone. “What are you talking about?” Delores just stared at him, her face now quite serious.
Oldsmobill took a step forward and held his hand out to Delores. “Does Harv know who you are?”
Delores bowed her head. Harv looked at her now with the same surprised look upon his face.
“I think I know who my wife is Olds! What is all this about?”
“Delores?” Olds asked in a soft voice.
She looked at him with a hint of anger in her eyes. Her chin lifted slightly. “I haven’t the slightest idea what you’re talking about.” She said defiantly.
Olds backed up a step, and whispered, “I don’t mean to cause you two anymore trouble than I have already caused you. But, if this wasn’t important, then I don’t think I would’ve been told of this…”
“Told of what? By whom?” Harv asked.
Olds looked to him now, his eyes pleading. “Delores is…”
She quickly put her hand upon his shoulder and said in a very stern voice, “No.”
Harv looked between the two. He didn’t know what to say. 
“You must tell him.” Olds spoke plainly.
“Tell me what?”
Delores stared at Olds; her eyes were now filled with anger and confusion. She couldn’t understand how the knight from Pooch would know about her past. After a few seconds, her expression began to soften, as her eyes filled with tears. She looked upon Old’s concerned face and silently mouthed, “How do you know this?”
He opened his mouth to speak, but couldn’t form the words. She quickly turned to her husband and looked upon his puzzled face. She ran her hand along his cheek as her own mouth began to tremble.
“I…I…” She slowly sobbed. She leaned forward and hugged him tightly, crying onto his shoulder. Harv grasped her firmly in his arms and turned his face towards Olds.
“Horace! What is going on here?” He demanded.
Olds looked down, ashamed. “I…” He looked down upon the center of Timbrook, and then back at Harv’s pleading eyes. “It’s not…it’s just that…we need her help.”
“What?” Harv asked 
“She can help us…I, I think that is why…I was told.”
“Help us? How?”
Delores leaned back and stared deeply into her husband’s eyes. “Harv, I only wanted a life with you…that is the only thing I have ever wanted, a real life, through all the hardships and the struggle…” She clasped his face in her hands and cried large streams of tears. “I only want your love, and our son’s, that is all that I have ever wanted…that’s why…”
She pulled back and cried into her hands. “That’s why…” she repeated.
Harv looked back at Oldsmobill, but he was staring forlornly at his boots. Harv, still softly holding his wife’s shoulders, bent his head down, trying to look into her eyes, now hidden behind her hands.
“Why what, dear?” He whispered.
She slowly rubbed her eyes and sighed deeply.
“That part of me…started to fade when we met. It is just a distant memory now. That is why I never told you.”
“Told me what?”
She looked down, ashamed and guilty. “I only wanted you to love me for who I am, not for who I was. I only wanted a life that I could say was mine, and ours, not…not…”
“Honey, what are you trying to say?”
She straitened herself up. She wiped the remaining tears from her eyes and cheeks with the sleeve of her blouse. She breathed deep. She looked over at Oldsmobill who looked upon her with sorrow. He lightly whispered: “I’m sorry.”
She nodded, and then looked again at Harv ― his face was covered with puzzlement mixed with fear and apprehension. She smiled lovingly at him. She then breathed deep and deliberate and slowly raised her chin.
“I am Princess Delores Chartreuse Deferen, of the Royal House of Deferen, daughter of King Elementary Deferen and the great-great-grand daughter of…Vas Deferen the Great…” 
Harv looked upon her and almost laughed, but her expression told him quite clearly that she was not joking. So, he darted his tear-filled eyes over to Oldsmobill, who looked up and whispered, “It’s true.”
Harv looked back at his wife, who slightly bowed her head and calmly stated, “I am…the future and rightful Queen of Bartok and the Nether Regions.”

At which point Harv smiled a somewhat maniacal smile, and subsequently passed out cold.




Chapter Twenty-Four: The Ballad of the Princess and the Peon


Once upon the twine of time, 
There was a king with an abnormally curved spine. 
He was also a numbskull, more or less, 
Who sometimes wore a purple polka-dotted vest.
He pinched his pennies and dimpled his dimes,
And often dined on lemmings and limes. 

His name was King Elementary Deferen, 
Son of the King(s) Flotsam and Jetsam, 
Who in turn were son(s) of King Vernacular Deferen, 
Who was the only offspring of Vas Deferen the Great, 
Who never knew what a mess he’d create
When he went upon a fateful blind date,
And when his mate did state: “I’m three weeks late.”
He deeply wished he had pulled, instead of just prayed.

King Elementary was born in a stable, not in an inn, 
For there were no rooms available, due to an amphibian convention.
The castle as well, was booked for the night, 
For the next morning there was to be a huge pay-per-view fight,
Between a Catholic and a Protestant, in thirty-two rounds, 
The winner takes all, amid plenty of punching sounds. 
And hot ring-girls too, prancing about, 
Holding up signs announcing each round of the bout.

After much jabbing and a few uppercuts
The judges decided to call each fighter’s bluff
And declared that the contest would end in a ‘tie’.
As was once written: “A chipped tooth for a chipped tooth,
And a black eye for a black eye.”

In the commotion of the riot that did soon ensue,
Elementary was born, slightly purple and rouge.
And he cried like a choirboy that has been beaten with a stick
Or like an injured polecat, slightly bruised about the head a bit.
And his mother wrapped him in slobbering clothes
And clipped his umbilical cord like it was a garden hose.

His father(s) were there to witness the sight,
Siamese twins, they were, who stayed up late that night.
They were connected at the ribs and also at the hips
And whenever one would talk, the other simply moved his lips,
But, great men they were, when shove came to push 
For two heads, it seems, is better than one in a bush.

And Elementary was soon crowned a prince
And played with numbered blocks, and old belly-button lint,
And whenever he became afraid or slightly shocked
He would run and hide under his mother’s white smock,
For she worked as a nurse in a local drugstore
Taking blood pressures, and bandaging small sores.
But, she was also a queen, and so, had married quite well,
For she had wedded King Jetsam…or was it Flotsam?
Oh, well…no one could ever really tell.
But she got a nice gold crown out of the deal!
And plenty of good conversation as well,
For as one twin would make love to her
The other one always had a few good jokes to tell.

So, Elementary grew up, and ate all of his peas
And never scolded the help, which had immigrated from Belize,
And were all quite undocumented, 
With not a green card or visa to their name,
Which incidentally was ‘Kollagrusko’, and no, 
They were not from the Ukraine,
Though they spoke fluid Latin, with a little Russian to boot,
And they cooked a mean stroganoff made from ashes and soot.

Elementary, however, ate exceptionally well, 
Until his skull and stomach started to swell,
And when he topped out at two hundred and eighty pounds, 
They kicked him out of reform school and gave him a gold crown,
“Ah, now, you are a prince, so you had better learn to like it!
Learn how to tango and please go on a diet,
For your humungous body is quite overweight
And your head is too big to fit through the castle gate!”

That’s what his fathers often told him, as they stamped their four feet
Which sounded like a marching band or a tap-dancing company.
Elementary listened to his twin father’s advice
And swore to the world he would only eat ice and lice,
And perhaps on rare occasions, would he consume mice,
But, under no circumstances, would he ever eat rice
For it was full of carbohydrates, which wasn’t so nice.

Eventually, the twin kings died after many years of lung trouble
And were buried in a casket which was built on the double.
The mortician was quite troubled, when he heard they had died
For he had to find a coffin that was a ‘double-wide.’
But he found one in a catalog, and it arrived before Easter,
Which suited him fine, for it saved his big keester.
And a great interment was started, and many a tear did streak
For most everyone loved the two kings, 
Though a few considered them ‘a couple of freaks.’ 
And slowly into the ground, the large coffin was slipped,
And since the corpses were firmly connected at the hips, 
Their great marble tombstone was etched to read:
“They died as they lived…mostly cheek-to-cheek.”

King Elementary went on to reign
Twenty-two years and thirty-seven days,
And he married a keen socialite by the name of Bi-level,
Who was six-foot-six, when her feet were on the level,
And she was good at pottery-making and other such crafts
Like turning plough shares into paperweights, 
And window chimes into dinner scraps.

She was sometimes mistaken for a wayward walnut tree
For her arms were quite long and often covered with leaves.
Which she took as a personal high-fashion cue,
And attached each leaf with large globules of horse-glue.
And though she was pugnacious and still somewhat pliant,
Many mistook her for large stalk of broccoli,
Or a jolly, green, giant.

But her belly was in fine shape, and her womb was too!
And she gave birth to a daughter, who she named Cockatoo.
A year later, another skull peeked through that same forest,
And she named the child after her favorite goat, 
And called her: ‘Delores’.

And the children grew up, as some are want to do
And played with dolls and teacups, and sometimes, even chicken poo,
Which they fashioned into earrings, and broaches, and necklaces too,
And ankle bracelets and belly-button rings, 
Though, of this, their father strongly disapproved.

But, Delores was not happy with the whole princess life
She wanted to marry a man she loved, not some inbred piece of tripe.
And she did not dream of charming princes
Riding upon white stallions,
Or great metal knights, or sea-faring captains and majestic galleons.
She did not kiss frogs, for the sight of them made her wince
And if she did, she actually wished it wouldn’t turn into a prince
But perhaps a carpenter, cabinet-maker, or other blue-collar type gent
Who would like to have a beer with her,
And talk about history, art, or various forms of government.
For Delores hated small talk and the drudgery of royal life,
She didn’t want to be a queen, just a loving wife,
And work with her hands and make something of herself
Not dressed up like a doll, and put upon a shelf.

When she told her father this, he became quite disturbed
“A princess you are! Now, stop acting like a turd!”
He smothered her in gifts and other useless things
“Soon, you will marry a noblemen and swim in his bling-bling!
For every girl in the kingdom envies your life,
Why be a pauper, when you can get hitched for spite?”
King Elementary often scolded her so, 
“Why can’t you be more like your sister, and marry for the dough?”

“But, I despise these suitors, they’re so egotistical and vain.
They don’t care about me, only my bloodline and name!”
Delores often pouted and stayed in her room, 
And made herself ugly to every courting would-be groom.
She covered her face with red raspberry spots,
And pasted hairs on her chin and talked with a mouthful of rocks.
And even though she was as graceful as any swan or gazelle
She danced like a newborn wildebeest or a giraffe impaled.
She spoke with a lisp and said the strangest of things,
Like: “Eyeballs make good tennis partners.”
And: “My alarm clock has a bathtub ring.”

Then one day, Cockatoo was wed, 
To a scoundrel named King Limpid of the Kingdom of Jed.
After the honeymoon, he locked her away
In a very high tower, while he went off to play.
And took many concubines, mistresses, and even a harlot or two
And into his castle they all soon did move,
While Cockatoo cried herself to sleep every night
Her husband spent his evenings tightly gripping each vice.

A letter she sent to her sister one day,
“Dear Delores, my husband is a cad, and has locked me away,
While he slobbers on himself and heaves every ho,
I am just like a nice suit that he sometimes puts on for show.
I hate my life and so, I give you this warning,
Don’t marry for money, it’s actually quite boring.
Oh, I should have listened to your sisterly advice
And married a man who actually wanted a wife.”

A few weeks later, terrible news did arrive
Cockatoo had tried to escape her prison, and fell, and died
They found her body lying next to the tower, deep in the peat
And from her window, a long rope made from tied bed sheets.
It appeared that she had tried to run off, but unfortunately slipped
Or perhaps, in desperation, had just lost her grip. 

When Delores heard the news of her sister’s untimely demise
She spent three days sobbing, and two more, she just cried.
She went to her father and cracked him in the head,
And afterwards she calmed down, and this, she then said:
“Father, I love you, but I can’t live this kind of life.
I just want to be loved, and to be a good wife
And marry a good man that loves me true
And won’t play with cheap dolls like some boys like to do,
But, will desire to raise a family and show them how to act,
And work hard, and never resort to a slap or a smack.
So, I renounce my position, the glamour and fame,
And I’ll change my attitude, as well as my name.”

So, Delores kissed her father and bid him farewell, 
And she hugged her mother long, until the tears did swell
And her life-long maid, by the name of Holleeday
Asked to accompany her on the journey that day.

“Oh, Holleeday, you are now free to roam,
You need not follow me to wherever I go.”
Delores hugged her and thanked her for her service,
But, Holleeday refused and replied with much hubris:
“I watched your birth and breastfed you too,
A wet-nurse I was, for your mother was a prude,
And didn’t want the chore of sharing her milk
For fear that her breasts would sag like an elephant’s bottom lip.
And I potty-trained you too, which was no easy task,
For the entire concept seemed way beyond your grasp,
And I helped you to learn how to read and to write
And stayed with you when you were sick or scared at night,
You are like a daughter to me, only so much better
For you don’t use my make-up, or borrow my best sweaters.
So, I am your servant, though un-tethered and unfettered,
And I will follow you on your journey to whither and wherever.”

Oh, Delores cried much that day, but was soon convinced
And after packing her things, their journey did commence.
And she and her maid left Bartok undercover
And decided that Holleeday would become her new mother.
Which wasn’t that hard an untruth to say
For Holleeday had been like a mother to her in oh, so many ways.

So, they rode two great steeds to the Carbuckle Bridge,
Along with two mules loaded down 
With bags of food and assorted luggage
They stayed there a few days under the name of Calhoun,
Until they decided to move to the city of Fouldune.
Where a local restaurant had a cooking position to impart,
For Delores had always dreamed of a future in the culinary arts.

She spent her days gutting fish and disguising her looks
And her nights she spent reading recipes from various cookbooks.
She let her hair grow long and her bangs cover her face
She toughened herself up and would stand for no disgrace
Soon, her reputation grew, her pride soon cemented
For she was not the kind of woman 
Anyone should ever dare take for granted.
Holleeday, however, kept pushing her to express
Her grace and elegance, and maybe even wear a dress
But, Delores grew proud in her own strength of character
And saw her place in the rough world without a gold scepter.

Then, one day, during a summer time spectacle
Delores worked in a tent, gutting fish during a festival
When a spindly man with rather shy demeanor
And a handsome, likable face, which smiled when he’d seen her.
A conversation was started and he explained with his chops
That his name was Harv Matters and he owned a small shop.
They had lunch together and ate a few plates
And agreed that, later, they would go out on a date.
Which they did, to a little restaurant on the edge of town
Which caused Delores to finally put on an evening gown
A light pink chiffon deal it was, with plenty of frumps
And she even dug up an old pair of matching pumps.
Harv gave her a gift of roses as well a macramé belt
And a small box that contained several white rabbit pelts.

They started dating and soon a full-blown courtship ensued
And they cooed like two lovebirds or a small flock of loons
Until that fateful day when Harv bent down upon his knee,
And asked: “Delores, my love, will you please marry me?”
She played coy for a second and replied: “Well, I guess…”
Then grabbed his puzzled face, and yelled: “Oh! Yes! Oh, Yes!”

They were soon wed near the Mea Culpa River
In a small chapel called ‘The Blessed Hall of Saint Bitter’
And spent their honeymoon in a hotel in Valdorlok
In a honeymoon suite, with a bed shaped like a heart
And there were zebra-striped quilts, which were soft and lush,
And a mirror on the ceiling, which made both of them blush.

Holleeday demanded that she tell him the truth
Harv had married her now, and surely, she needed no further proof
That he loved her for who she was, not for her brethren
But Delores decided not to tell him her real name was Deferen
“Why spoil a good thing? It may lead to matrimonial chaos!”
She told Holleeday, who then replied: “Oh, gosh!”  
“When it comes to my past, I say ‘just can it!’
For one should never rock the boat, or take love for granite.
Anyways, I believe I am expecting a child, ah, don’t ‘cha know?
And my offspring shall be here in, oh, seven months or so.”

So, the family worked hard at the business, and the profits soon grew
Until Delores almost forgot she was related to ‘you-know-who’.
And they trusted each other, and loved each other, 
And what else, I ask you, really matters?
Though it wasn’t always bliss, 
They at least tried their best to live… 

…Happily ever after.

*****

She leaned her head upon his shoulder and tearfully whispered in his ear. He felt her tears upon the skin of his neck and grasped her tighter.
“I…I…don’t know what to say.”
“Say that you love me…and that you’ll forgive me.”
“I love you.”
“Please, you must understand…”
“And…I forgive you…but, still…”
Delores bowed her head and sobbed into her hands. Harv sighed heavily and wrapped his arms around her slumping shoulders. “I just don’t understand why you couldn’t tell me.”
“Oh, Harv, I love you so much, I didn’t want…I was afraid that…it…would ruin us.” She sobbed even louder and her body slightly trembled in his arms with each breath.
Harv wiped the tears away and leaned back to look upon her face. When she met his eyes he couldn’t help but begin crying a little more, for her face was full of anguish. Her tears streamed down her cheeks and collected along her lips, which were turned downward. She looked a mess and Harv pulled a handkerchief out of his chest pocket and began to softly wipe her face. 
“This is what I wanted…what we have.” She whimpered, before loudly blowing her nose, which made Harv faintly smile.
“You should have told me sooner, that’s all.” He replied softly.
“I know.”
Harv suddenly started laughing, which struck Delores as a very strange reaction, and she tapped him lightly on the jaw and looked up with pleading eyes. “What’s so funny?” She pathetically asked.
Harv held her even tighter. He kissed her forehead and looked up. “You mean to tell me that I’ve taken all that abuse from a woman that isn’t really my mother-in-law?”
Delores leaned her head back and looked with some confusion upon his smiling face, before a faint giggle forced its way through her lips. “She seemed to take to the part rather enthusiastically.”
“Hmm…perhaps a bit too enthusiastically. Wait ‘til I see her again.” Harv smirked and pressed his cheek against hers, groaning happily in the comfort of her arms. “It’s almost like we’re both orphans…in a way.”
He wasn’t about to let the revelation change his opinion or feelings for her, for no matter what Delores’ lineage, she had been his saving grace. He began to think of his life before her, and how she had filled a void in his existence, and how happy he had been each day of his life since that fateful moment at the fish-fry. 
He softly caressed her back and felt her trembling gradually cease. Delores sniffled and whispered, “My name has not actually been Deferen for some time…” She lifted her head and stared into his eyes. They were red from crying, but still contained the same look of love and caring that Harv had always cherished.
She began to smile and peer longingly into his eyes. She moved her hands to his face and added, in a firmly stated, but soft tone of voice: 
“It is Matters.” 

*****

That evening, Olds dropped by the hospital and checked on Luke’s progress. Matty and John were there and spent much of their time caring for and comforting some of the other wounded men as well. Luke was looking and feeling somewhat better, though the meds that Master Bates had him on kept him groggy and somewhat more delusional, which made many of the residents of Timbrook vie for a lifetime prescription of the bitter elixir.
The brown-hair upon the skull of Oldsmobill was growing darker with each passing day, and came close to matching the tuft of hair emanating from the tip of his chin. His face was lightly tanned, of a near normal hue, and not the orangey look produced by a trip to a tanning salon. He was still wearing the white tunic over his chain mail armor, and it had been washed earlier in the day along with his tan leather pants and his ever present scratched-up armored boots. A thick belt held the great sword Elvis, the scabbard glowing brightly with the light of the full moon as he stepped out of the hospital. He wandered toward the back of the village and was about to climb up the stone stairs that ascended to the ridge, when he heard his master’s call. 
“Hey, Nimrod! Where you going?” The cloaked wizard bellowed from out of the darkness. He ambled over to Olds’ position and smiled crazily.
Olds looked at him slightly confused and more than a little perturbed. “What?” He grumbled.
“What d’ya mean… ‘What’? Don’t take that tone with me, boy…I’ll turn you into a slug!” The Batesman exclaimed. “And make no mistake about it, a six foot slug is nothing to laugh at…or desire to be.”
Oldsmobill curled his lips. Master Bates laughed a loud guffaw and began climbing the stairs. About halfway up, he turned and motioned for Olds to follow him.
“Hurry up! We haven’t got all night.” He growled quite persuasively. Olds exhaled loudly and accompanied his mentor upon the stairs. Soon, the two were slowly walking upon the high stone ridge and making their way toward the entrance to Timbrook. 
The master smiled. “Well…my little trainee…what have we learned so far?”
Olds stopped and scratched his chin lightly. “Well…we learned that you’re a sordid, old, rat-bastard, for one,” he smiled smugly.
“Uh, no…no…” Master Bates replied while nodding his head slowly, “You, at least, already knew that.”
Olds laughed and clapped lightly. The two men made their way toward the front of the ridge and spied the wooden bridge that spanned the pass. Standing near the construct was the figure of Johann ― dutifully keeping an eye on the road through the swamps.
“Evening gentlemen.” He greeted in a chippy but raspy voice.
“Evening, Johann.” Olds replied, while pacing over to shake his friend’s hand.
  “Greetings and salutations.” Master Bates bellowed ― his voice a little over the top considering the circumstances.
“It’s a beautiful night, isn’t it?” Johann sighed. Olds looked upon the road, and the surrounding swamps, and eventually looked up at the partly cloudy skies. Each pillowy tuft was outlined in a contour of pale light as if dipped in a pearlescent finish, illuminated by the bright moon. 
“Yes…very peaceful.”
Olds continued to look upward, before suddenly turning back to the wizard, who was staring at a moldy piece of stray pig intestine that was lying on the ground by his feet, and nudging it a little with the tip of his curly-toed boot.
“Master, you said that you had talked to Master Beluga…how was that possible, considering that he’s dead.”
Master Bates laughed heartily, even going so far as to slap his knee. “Oh, Olds…you don’t think that I taught you everything, do you?”
“What do you mean?”
The wizard smiled. “There are many things that you do not know. For being a master wizard takes some time and more than a few cereal box-tops to accomplish.”
“But, I thought Master Beluga died at Mount Gagglehorn.”
“He did…well, one version of him died there.”
“Hmm, I don’t get it.”
“Well, I know how you’ve always looked up to me Oldsmobill, and it’s true that I’m a great conjurer and quite the ladies’ man, but…well…I don’t want to burst your bubble…”
“Yes?”
“Master Beluga however has always been a very special gent…ever since he came in contact with the dung stone.”
“Really?”
“See, he discovered far more than anyone else has…so much so that he learned the true purpose of the stone…in its original form, that is.”
“And what is its true purpose?”
Master Bates’ face suddenly turned into a frown and he stomped his foot rapidly. “Beats me! The selfish bast’itch wouldn’t tell me a damn thing about it!”
Olds gently smiled as a few drops of rain dripped out of the sky. “But, somehow…he cheated death?”
“Well, in a manner of speaking…yes.”
“So, he can come and go as he wants?”
“Uh, no. You see, he’s sort of in a state of limbo …and I don’t mean that he’s permanently dancing underneath a pole on fire…no, but in a different dimension…or on another planet…or perhaps…both…oh, dammit! Now, I’m confused!”
A bolt of lightning creased across the sky.
“I wish I could meet him.” Olds replied in a dejected tone of voice.
“Oh, silly boy! You have! You have!”
Both Olds and Johann looked upon the wizard with puzzled expressions.“When?” Olds finally asked.
“Why, when you were injured at the battle of Cow-Pie Knoll. It was he that came to your bedside and administered a tonic to help you recover.”
“That was Master Beluga?”
“Of course, it was he that arranged for you to be released under King Piddy’s work-release program, and to eventually become my apprentice.”
“He did all that? But why?”
The Batesman smiled tenderly and leaned upon a stack of wooden planks. “Because you’re special Oldsmobill…he realized that even when you were quite young. Y’see, Master Beluga perceives time as a huge…well, glob…not as a line of events and actions and reactions. He already has an idea of what’s going to happen in the future…so he…fiddles with the present so that certain changes take place. He’s a tinkerer of sorts.”
“But, why me?”
“How the hell should I know? The next time you see him, maybe you should ask him that yourself.”
“I just…I don’t understand why I’ve been given this quest…this mission…I don’t see what is so special about me?”
“Come here Oldsmobill…” Master Bates walked to the edge of the ridge and pointed down toward the assembled crowd below. “Take a look, knucklehead.”
Olds peered down upon the village, but slightly frowned and looked back again at his teacher. “Okay…a sad excuse for a pile of rubble…so?”
“No, look closer…who do you see?”
Olds peered again down upon the crowd and softly muttered, “A lot of drunk Timbrookians sleeping in the streets…”
Johann squawked at that one.
“And…?” The Batesman asked.
Olds frowned in frustration, “…And I see Captain Tim, and FumbDuck, and a few of the other Scumbags mulling about and arguing over weapon specs…”
“Go on...”
“And over there by the fire, there’s Matty and his brother-in-law, Gatsby…”
“Yes, and over there by the tree is Harv and Delores.” The wizard added.
“Yea, and there’s the mayor, and that strange Farley chap…” Olds squinted his eyes and leaned forward slightly, “…who appears to be hunching on Wreznor’s leg…”
The master patted Olds on the shoulder and nodded his head slowly. He motioned toward Johann and said, “And here is Johann, the grubby little ditch-digger that saved your silly ass.”
Johann squawked again, but then frowned somewhat. “Careful, Mr. Wizard…”
The Batesman smiled and continued, “Think of all these people Oldsmobill…they each come from different parts of the region, they each have different economic and social backgrounds, some are friendly, others are not, some are warriors, and in the case of that Garlo fellow – even trained killers.”
“Yes?”
“Oldsmobill…all of these people gathered here…including me…only really have one common bond.” The Batesman turned and peered into his apprentice’s eyes and stated softly, “That common link is…you.”
Olds’ face slowly changed from puzzlement to a pure and emotionless expression. Master Bates patted him on the jaw.
“You thought your quest was going to be easy and straightforward, but it didn’t turn out that way, did it?”
“No, not at all.”
“Thus is the journey of life, my dear boy. It does not take place down a straight, and expansive road. Instead, it is often a winding and a confusing journey…down many types of roads and trails and thin paths. Sometimes, there is no path at all and we are then forced to either turn around, or boldly make one. Your journey has led you…and all of us…here.”
“I see…”
“No, Horace Welpstone, you don’t see…”
“Huh?”
“Tonight, Crown Prince Vespius sleeps in his royal bedchamber, thinking that the entire world revolves around him. Meanwhile, Queen Saline of Valdorlok thinks the same way, as does King Elementary of Bartok, and several hundred more rulers and leaders around the world.” The wizard took a couple of steps back away from the edge of the ridge and clasped his hands together in front of his chest. “They are all wrong.”
Olds’ forehead creased slightly. The wizard bowed his head toward him and took off his conical cap.
“They are wrong, Oldsmobill, because the world does not revolve around any of them…at this moment…” He looked upon the face of his former apprentice and smiled. 
“It revolves around you.”
Olds looked back upon the village and stared with a strange and overwhelming look upon his face. He opened his mouth to say something, but his thoughts were interrupted when he heard Johann make a grunting sound. Oldsmobill quickly turned and saw the stubby Timbrookian leaning forward on the wooden wall and peering intensely down the ‘road to nowhere.’
Olds continued to turn as he heard the faint sounds of horse’s hoofs splashing through the puddles that filled the road.
“Ah, here they come…” Master Bates happily giggled. He quickly pulled out a large empty shell of a pocket watch from under his cloak and smirked, “Right on time.”
Olds glanced at him and then quickly turned back again toward the road. “Who?” He whispered loudly. But the wizard just smirked again and bounded over to Johann.
“Don’t fear! Oh, mighty warrior of the soggy persuasion,” he happily confided, while patting Johann on the back, “For they be our friends, and poise no threat.”
The puzzled sentinel looked back at the wizard with a befuddled look upon his face, before glaring back again at the road. Olds walked a couple of steps forward, as the sounds of the approaching horses grew louder and louder.
There were three of them. Each charcoal steed carried a rider dressed in black, with long cloaks that billowed behind them. 
“Who are they?” Olds asked in confusion. 
“Johann, help me with this ladder.” Master Bates cried out, upon which the leather-clad accomplice began helping the cantankerous wizard lift a long wooden ladder down the outside of the ridge, until it touched-down upon the mud-soaked road below. Olds assisted in the steadying of the structure and continued to stare at the riders, who had slowed to trot as they came upon the immense expanse of rock and the closed wooden gate.
Once the ladder was in place, Olds looked upon his two colleagues and smiled lightly.
“Well?” Master Bates exclaimed to Oldsmobill’s dumbfounded expression. “Don’t just stand there looking like a parolee’s mug-shot, go down and meet her!”
Olds let out an uncontrollable laugh of shock and surprise. “Her?”
The wizard laughed and slapped Johann’s shoulder, which made Johann laugh as well, but he wasn’t exactly sure why. 
“Go! She has traveled a long way, and you don’t want to keep her waiting, do you?”
Olds gave his mentor one last look of confusion before quickly climbing down the ladder toward the muddy road and the three dark riders.
Master Bates sighed loudly before blithely crooning, “Ah, young love…y’know, it’s almost as comforting as young lust.” 

Upon immediately seeing the brown-haired cavalier, Matilda quickly removed her hood and jumped down upon the muddy terrain of the road.
“Oldsmobill!” She cried out, raising her arms in the air, but afraid to move very fast for fear that she would end up face down in the mud of the road.
“Matilda?” Olds replied quite loudly. At which point he started to run to her, and sure enough, wound up face down in the mud. She shrieked in response, and began to gingerly traipse over to his position.
“It’s alright. I’m okay.” He spouted, spewing bits of mud out of his mouth. He slowly stood and began flinging the mess off his face and torso. As Matilda neared, a broad smile appeared beneath the gunk.
The two tightly hugged ― for Matilda was never afraid of getting a little soiled from time to time. “My knight!” She exclaimed, pressing her lips to his.
“My butterf…mmmpf…” was all Olds could pronounce before Matilda’s soft and minty-flavored tongue invaded his mouth. The two stood in the road and continued to hug and kiss, occasionally taking a breath and pronouncing the first syllables of a few words before resuming the liquidy reunion.
Olaf and Abigail looked upon the couple and glanced at each other for a few seconds before looking back at Olds and Matilda. Olaf smiled as if playing with a kitten, while Abigail lifted her eyes and hummed.
Upon the ridge, Johann sighed as well and clasped his paws upon his metal chest plate. “Ahhh…” He whispered, before catching himself feeling sentimental. He then started coughing loudly.
“It’s alright to feel pleased by such things, you little mud monkey…there’s no need to be ashamed.” Master Bates kindly stated.
“Uh, right, sir,” Johann muttered. “I was…I was just thinking of Rita.” He bowed his head and looked despondent at his footwear.
The wizard reached inside his cloak and pulled out a little crystal ball. “Here, my friend, take this and be comforted by it.”
Johann held the object and stared into it. After a few seconds, he looked up and asked, “Who the hell is Lady Ga-Ga?”
The Batesman huffed and stared at the crystal ball before shaking it briskly. “Oh, sorry, I was watching some music videos this morning.” He smiled briefly and handed it back to Johann. “I always preferred Gregorian chants and old Irish folk tunes, but on occasion, I do like to get my groove on…if y’know what I mean.”
Johann nodded but had absolutely no idea what he meant.
“Here y’go, my little salty slug. I swiped this piece of footage from the WizardCorp Survellience Network, an extensive covert operation which utilizes bats with cameras and keeps us magicians in tune with current events and lottery winners…”
“Bats with cameras?” Johann chirped and gave the gentleman a strange look.
The Batesman chuckled nervously, “Yes! A procedure that is very intricate and involves planting a microchip into a bat’s itty-bitty skull,” he looked about and whispered, “which, as you can imagine is a procedure fraught with horrible consequences for the bat, usually involving some type of mid-air collision or delusions of being a goose.”
Johann sighed and rolled his eyes, “Jeez, you’re one weird-ass conjurer.”
The Batesman shrugged and pointed at the crystal ball that was now beginning to glow. “Maybe so! But look!”
Johann stared into the ball and watched as a fuzzy black-and-white video of a young woman riding a horse down a cobblestone street came into view. He looked closer and immediately recognized her face. “It’s Rita!” He yelped, smiling broadly. He then spied Rita’s sister, Maria sitting in her lap as their horse slowly trotted along the road. “Where is she?”
“Valderlok.” The wizard replied while staring at his fingernails.
As the image of the horse and riders slowly passed out of view, the ball began to darken. “Is she well?” Johann asked. He then violently shook the crystal ball and began to stare into it again.
“I presume that she is.” The Batesman replied. He held out his hand to Johann and grunted.
“But…” Johann kept shaking the ball but no other image appeared. He huffed and handed back to the wizard. “I must go to her.” He whispered.
“All in good time, my little horny-toad, all in good time.”
Johann walked back to ledge and peered down at Olds and Matilda, who were laughing and occasionally kissing. He sighed again and slowly turned to the wizard, softly asking, “Should I open the gate for them, sir?”
Master Bates leaned upon the small wooden wall and stared down at his ex-apprentice and his reacquainted love interest and smiled. “No…give them a little time together. They have a lot to catch up on.”
“Alright, Mister Master.”
“Besides, we don’t want her to experience all these characters, lunatics, drunkards, turdlings, and assassins, without a little forewarning…”
“Right.”
“She might bolt at the first sight of that white-afro’d Farley chap anyway… especially if he starts humping her leg.”
“Heh, yea…”
The two men continued to watch as Matilda excitedly introduced her companions to the muddy knight, who bowed and greeted them with animated greetings.
Johann looked over at the Batesman and asked, “So, what does the future hold for us now?”
“Well…that depends…if the ordained transcriber of these events gets a nice, fat cash advance, then we will all surely be in for many more adventures and outrageous situations…”
“And, if he doesn’t?”
“Hmmm, well, I guess our tale will end here, and he goes back to working in retail.”
“I see.” 
The Timbrookian nodded his head slowly before lightly rubbing his chin with his gloved hand. “So, pardon me for asking, but what should I do until then?”
“Ah, well, my faithful sidekick, you and I will stand here and look up to the sky…and ponder our futures, I suppose…as the music slowly swells…”
“Oh, well, I can most assuredly do that.” Johann lifted his chin high and ardently stared at the silver-tipped clouds of the night sky, silently contemplating what the future might hold for him and his colleagues in the small squalor known as Timbrook.
He glanced over at the wizard, who was gazing at the glistening moon ― a look of peaceful resolve covered his face. The stout rumbler whispered from the corner of his mouth, “How am I doing so far?” He asked.
“Perfect.” The Batesman replied. “All that’s left now is for me to get the last word in...”

Which is exactly what he did.

“The end.”




****

