A story set in the present, but also in a time before now. In a world that was once simple and is fondly remembered.

Sam Quarrel September 2021


THE CIRCLE

SAM QUARREL

Wormwood

Copyright© Sam Quarrel 2022. Sam Quarrel asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work – The Circle. This novel is entirely a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is purely coincidental.

All Rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior written consent of the copyright holder, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

A Wormwood Publication
Revised Edition 2022


‘The Wolf Who Cried Boy’ – a review

Kevin You write as if English is your third language, with appalling syntax and grammar that appears to have been gleaned from the instructions on the back of a toothpaste tube. You claim this is the, ‘Final, polished draft’, but sadly, you cannot polish a turd.
I‘ll have earned a credit on this site for my fortitude in ploughing through this tosh, but to save others enduring what I’ve had to endure, I humbly suggest you abandon forthwith any notion of becoming
writer. Let common sense prevail.  Kind regards, Anne R Sole (p.s.  I gave you 1 star because I can’t give you zero)

Kevin read the stark assessment of the latest piece he had submitted to the peer review website: The-Book-What-I-Wrote.com. The comments were harsh and unnecessary and not constructive and encouraging as the moderator of the site urged reviewers to be. But it wasn’t the worst he had ever received.
The thing was Kevin liked writing. He enjoyed the creativity of it – using his imagination to tell a story. It whiled away his time when at work lost in his own creative bubble. He always felt he had something to say to the world even if seemingly the world wasn’t interested in listening.
He was frustrated. He had run the piece through the ‘Spelling & Grammar’ check on Word, but Ms Sole still reckoned that the grammar wasn’t correct. But Anne R Sole doesn’t actually say in her opinion why or what exactly was wrong. That was the problem Kevin had found with these faceless internet posts. There was no two way dialogue to get tips and advice. Often the reviewer’s massive ego prevented a fair assessment, belittling other’s efforts, believing their own unpublished novel was but a literary agent’s phone call away from blockbuster stardom. More often than not, they were as crap as his were. Not that he recognised his own failings at the outset. He guessed no new writer does.
When he had a couple of short stories under his belt, bursting with pride, he got some paperback copies bound and printed and with the ink barely dry, eagerly dished them out like business cards to friends and family and anyone who wasn’t quick enough to avoid him or were too embarrassed to say, ‘Not for me.’
He waited impatiently for feed-back and literary praise to be duly heaped upon him – but it never came. In fact there was an ominous silence. He tried casually, in a jokey way to prompt his coerced muses.
‘How was ‘The Wolf Who Cried Boy’ at getting your fire started?’
‘I guess my book was useful in sorting out your wobbly table?’
Often these thinly disguised fishes for complements were met with an uncomfortable hesitation or hasty explanations as to why his tours de force had remained not only unread, but also without a page turned.
‘It’s on my list once I’ve finished my current library book – War & Peace.’
‘I gave it to a friend who was quite keen to read it, I think she said, maybe.’
‘I haven’t had the time. I thought I’d save it for when I go on holiday next year, perhaps.’
‘I don’t think it’s my thing. What was it about again?’
As the days past and he hadn’t been lauded as the next Dan Brown or J K Rowling, his disappointment grew. Returning to his work a few weeks later, what previously he had considered to be the word-perfect, polished, pairing of short story masterpieces – the pinnacle of his writing endeavours to-date, twenty copies of which he’d had printed at some cost – was a reality check. Both stories were dreadful. They were cringeworthy – poorly written, clunky, naïve dross.
What had he expected of those who accepted a copy perhaps out of loyalty, or morbid curiosity? To ignore how badly it was written and plough through them regardless? He needed help.
He considered taking an evening class in creative writing. He Googled to see if anything was available in the local area. Being April, the only course he found had begun in January and ended in a couple of weeks in May, meant it was pointless and a waste of money to enrol for the last few classes. He called the tutor who invited him along for a session as a taster, on the basis that Kevin could join the next course in September if he was still interested.
So, Kevin duly went along.
He was the new boy at school again being introduced to the class.
‘Hi,’ he said with a nervous wave.
The tutor suggested he brought a sample of his work to read to the group. To break the ice, he said. To see what level the bar was set. All week long prior to attending, Kevin had been sat at the computer trying to smooth the rough edges off the least worse sections of The Wolf Who Cried Boy. It read better, but exposing himself to a critical audience with nowhere to hide and no delete button made him lose sleep.
Not a natural orator, it didn’t help when nerves got the better of him and he began to fluff his words and lose his place, the rhythm and flow of the piece lost in the hesitations and ‘er’s.
The class listened attentively, and when Kevin stumbled through to the end of the piece, they truly damned him with faint praise.
‘A bit more work and it might at some point have potential. Polish! Polish! Polish! Unusual theme though.’
‘We all have to start somewhere.’
‘It’s a learning curve, and it’s steeper than you think.’
‘Keep at it if you find it a pleasure. What you write doesn’t have to be for others to enjoy.’
Regardless of their comments, Kevin decided the course next term wasn’t for him. Seemingly, the evening class focused on writing short, twist-in-the-tail stories for mainly women’s magazines, accreditation for these, if published, being a portal to getting an agent and a serious writing career.
His writing ambitions were more, well, ambitious. Pushing the boundaries of story-telling themes. The Wolf Who Cried Boy: the story of the soul of a young man trapped in the body of a wild dog. Timmy might have fallen in the well, but if he tried to raise the alarm, as the saintly Lassie would do, he wasn’t rewarded with a bone and fussing, but risked being scoped in the cross-hairs of a twelve bore.
Kevin approached the tutor at the end of the class.
‘Look,’ he said hesitantly, ‘I don’t suppose –– ’
The tutor’s hand shot up instantly to stop him going any further – a reflex action, knowing what was coming.
‘Let me guess, “Can I read your work and offer free editorial advice?” I’m sorry. I make it a rule. Go on line, there are plenty who offer their services.’
Kevin knew that, and he knew they charged a fortune.
He caught up with one of the class members strolling down the corridor.
‘Hi. How long have you been writing then?’
The man, of an older vintage, grey-haired and with droopy eyelids that gave him a doleful look slowly turned to Kevin.
‘Years.’
‘Anything published?’
A wistful smile crossed his face. ‘Some.’
‘That’s great,’ said Kevin, keen to get a steer from a real-life published author to help pilot his rudderless ship. ‘Novels? Short stories?’
‘Harrow Road Allotment Association Newsletter.’
‘Oh.’
‘Well received, I believe.’
‘Oh. Satirical?’
The old man snorted. ‘Courgettes and runner beans don’t lend themselves much to comedy.’
‘No. I guess not. Anything else?’
‘Nah. This is more of a social thing for me. Gets me out of the house comin’ ‘ere.’
‘I don’t suppose . . .’
‘I don’t read much neither. When you’re as old as me, you can’t waste your time reading.’ He gave Kevin a sideways glance. ‘Especially if it’s rubbish.’
‘No,’ Kevin said deflated. ‘I suppose not. Anyway, good luck with your newsletter thing.’
With a wry smile, the old man shuffled on his way.


2


Kevin was never slow to let it be known to those who came within his sphere where his ambition lay in life.
If asked, he described himself as a landscaper for which he had ample qualifications and sounded rather grand, but his work mainly consisted of keeping the gardens of local elderly widows neat and tidy – ‘‘His Ladies’’ as he called them. Primarily it was lawn mowing, weeding beds and borders, keeping hedges in check, pruning branches and shrubs, tidying rubbish, cutting down the occasional tree. It was his bread and butter income that paid the bills. This loyal band of pensioners he worked for on a two-weekly basis in the summer, six weekly during winter were all probably sick to death of him banging on about his new found passion – Kevin didn’t let them forget, with regular briefings on a new project’s progress, updates on word count and the inside track on the developing plot – spoilers included – the twists and turns of his character’s often tortured journey through the epic tale.
Some listened patiently, if absently, while some, although seemingly stone deaf otherwise, swore they heard the postman knock, or chronic arthritics who suddenly discovered the athleticism to dash off claiming they had left something in the oven.
‘Oh, that sounds interesting,’ some would say, or others, ‘You must have a good imagination.’
But sadly, these comments were never followed by, ‘I think I’d like to read that.’
A new client always gave him a chance to extend his fan base – double it, if truth be known. Currently, Kevin’s mother was the extent of his dedicated readership, or so she made out, being quite sketchy on detail if pressed for specific comment on his work.
Often these new jobs came from recommendation, which in business terms, represented the money spinners for Kevin – the proverbial icing on the cake, especially when an extensive landscaping project was in the offing. It was these lucrative jobs that paid for holidays and his nice car. Not that fancy holidays were a priority any longer, not since his fiancé dumped him.
They had been together five years, two of those engaged, when one day she announced she’d had enough and had met someone else. Kevin hadn’t noticed anything going awry with their relationship, as it had run long very much the same seemingly steady lines since they had met. But perhaps that was the problem. While the characters in his stories led exciting, sometimes hairy and interesting lives, he didn’t. He loved gardening, but his fiance thought it was boring. He was a fan of old black & white films, but she couldn’t get her head round why anyone watched something if it wasn’t in colour. When he reflected back they had little in common. They liked each other, and he loved her, but nothing bound them as a couple beyond time served and comfortable familiarity.
At first, as a backlash, to prove to himself and his ex that he wasn’t staid and boring and women could still fancy him even if he was slightly balding and just shy of forty years old, he dipped his toe into the world of internet dating.
People claim this fast food-style dating was for those with super busy lives who didn’t have the time to go out on the off-chance of finding love in pubs and clubs, or having the social mix in an environment like an office to meet someone special. So, not being a clubber and in a solo working environment, he thought it worth a go.
After a couple of fruitless and surprising encounters – all posted images should have validated date stamps and be scanned for Photoshop editing – Kevin would argue differently. It’s the electronic age equivalent of those always last to be picked for a team in the school playground and he included himself in that number. He may have been unlucky and was perhaps over-modest about his endearing qualities, but the women he met had no such reservations, nor had they cared to upload a photograph onto the dating site that was more recent than fifteen-years ago. It wasn’t a success. He decided to follow the advice of a philosopher:
“Love is like a butterfly, the more you chase it, the more it will evade you, but if you notice the other things around you, it will gently come and sit on your shoulder.”
Kevin thought it touchingly poetic when he read it, but as yet no matter how much the he looks the other way, there hasn’t been the slightest indication that a butterfly or even a moth was hovering for a discreet landing.

‘Why don’t you join a book club?’ suggested Pam, one of ‘His Ladies’ that didn’t immediately curl up in horror when Kevin began to effuse about his latest work.
‘That’s reading books – I want to write them.’
‘A writer’s circle then?’
‘Yeh, I could, but I don’t know of any.’
‘Go to the library. They normally have a list of clubs and things.’

There was only one that was local: The DS Writing Symposium, which held bi-weekly meetings in the Horse & Hounds pub only a mile or so from where he lived. The DSWS, as was its logo, sounded too highbrow and sophisticated to embrace Kevin’s fledgling writing talents. DSWS had a website.
When he got home he pulled up the site. DS as it turned out was the architect of the group – Derek Staines. He started the circle seemingly with the noble intention of nurturing the talents of local writers. He wasn’t reticent in setting-out his credentials for this selfless task by comprehensively listing his own writing credits, which included three published novels and competition-wise, two short story commendations. Each of these titles were accompanied by a raft of obscure critical acclaim from authors Kevin had never heard of, or provincial free newspapers, usually keener to sell advertising than broadening the cultural horizons of their readership.
Neither was DS shy of minor celebrity judging by his publicity mugshot that appeared on every page of the site – posing pretentiously in semi-profile, pre-war style, as though looking over the photographer’s shoulder, his gaze was choreographed into a thoughtful and enigmatic expression, like a French philosopher – all that was missing was the sepia tint and a cigarette with a curl of smoke rising into the air.
Kevin didn’t think DSWS was for him until at the bottom of the contacts page it said: ‘New writers welcome at any level.’
At ‘any level’, what had he to lose? As long as they don’t laugh in his face or totally rip his work to shreds it was worth giving it a go.
Kevin hardly ever drank in pubs. Compared to supermarket prices buying drinks was prohibitively expensive. Plus due to the solitary nature of his occupation, he had no one to go for a quick pint with after work, and he rarely made the effort to arrange a regular night out with the couple of golfing mates he did have. So, even though the Horse & Hounds was only a brisk twenty-minute walk from his home and he passed it every day in his van, he had never had reason yet to frequent the fine old coaching inn.
Kevin emailed Derek Staines to enquire if it was okay to come along to their next meeting. It took three days for DS, as he signed himself off, to get back to him. Kevin expected a quick:

Okay, we meet at 8pm on Tuesday. How long have you been writing? Is there a particular genre you are interested in?’ etc.

But DS took the opportunity within his reply to once again to refer to his writing testimonials while reiterating his desire to nurture local talent and elevate it to the dizzy heights of his own thrice published achievements.
Kevin thought the guy sounded a bit of a twat, but he was desperate for advice. He emailed back:

Thanks Derek, I’ll see you Tuesday. If it’s okay, I’ll bring some of my work.

Following more polishing of ‘The Wolf Who Cried Boy’, as had been urged to do, Kevin slipped the first few pages of his most recent draft into a plastic pouch and set out for the meeting.
Beyond laying bare his soul to what he assumed were literary giants, who sat gathered around a pub table musing over the merits of this year’s Booker Prize contenders, he was concerned over the practical etiquette of joining the group. Should he offer to buy a round of drinks for everyone? If there were ten or fifteen in the circle, as expensive as that would be, that selfless act would surely leverage some credit when he referenced a critique, plus, like a joining fee, cement his place within the circle. He had fifty quid on him. If the round came to more than that, he was in trouble, with the potential for embarrassment all round.
He took a deep breath as he entered the pub. The old coaching inn was everything it promised to be, mirroring its century’s old exterior. The lathe and plaster walls with a multitude of horsey brass paraphernalia and heavily beamed low ceilings didn’t disappoint.
If that was a typical Tuesday night, it was a quiet one. A couple of guys propped up the bar were chatting amiably, while there were some couples who were literally enjoying a quiet drink. They were obviously long time partnered sitting as they did in complete silence like awkward strangers made to share a table.
Kevin always felt self-conscious in new surroundings, especially when meeting people he didn’t know. With DS’s mugshot in his head, he eyed those in the bar. He couldn’t see DS, but if one of the tables represented the other members of the DSWS group, they were desperately short on numbers.
The barman interrupted his recce. ‘Hi. What can I get you?’
‘Oh, actually,’ said Kevin, ‘I’m here for the writers meeting.’
That sounded like news to the barman. ‘Well, there’s a mob in the snug that come here every other week. Probably them.’
‘Could be.’
‘So, what can I get you?’
‘IPA?’
‘Yep.’
With the pint poured, Kevin paid over the money. ‘The snug – that way?’
‘Through the door, but seriously, mind your head on the door frame.’ The broad smile on the barman’s face was a sure indication that the low stout woodwork had cracked more than a few heads in its time.
‘Thanks.’
Eying the beam cautiously as he slid beneath it, Kevin misjudged the dropped step on the other side of the doorway, which the barman hadn’t thought to warn him about. He tumbled headlong into the snug. In a running stagger, he was powerless to prevent a slosh of beer flying out of his glass in the direction of the seated group ahead of him. Heads snapped round at his express entrance only for them to be liberally dowsed in the pubs finest IPA. Desperate to prevent an even more catastrophic arrival and keep what was left of his pint from going the same way, Kevin’s entire focus was on regaining his balance and clinging onto the glass.
It didn’t take much, but now held less firmly, the forward momentum shot the plastic pouch from under his arm. With a smack, it landed squarely in the centre of the table scattering the group’s neatly laid out notebooks and pens.
Creating a good first impression with the members of DSWS could have gone more smoothly, as indicated by everyone going into a horrified, open-mouthed freeze-frame – only made worse by the trickles of beer running down their faces.
Seeing as no hole had opened up for Kevin to climb into, he swallowed hard and said, ‘D – S – W – S?’ Adding as if the possibility was now so remote that it was hardly worth mentioning. ‘I emailed about joining?’
‘Yes, well,’ said the person who Kevin recognised as Derek Staines. DS stood up and pulled a hankie from his pocket to wipe his face. ‘I see. Kevin, isn’t it?’
Kevin offered a flicker of a smile.
The other three members of the group got over their shock and likewise began cleaning up and retrieving their scattered paperwork from the floor.
‘The step . . . sorry,’ Kevin said pointing back to the mischievous doorway.
‘Yes,’ DS said slowly looking him up and down, assessing the credibility of the arrival.
‘I’ll get a cloth,’ Kevin said hurriedly. ‘Can I get anyone a drink while I’m there?
‘Best not,’ said DS. ‘Just a cloth.’
Kevin returned with a bar towel and insisted on meticulously wiping the table to make amends. He even offered to give their faces a spruce up, but that was adjudged by all to be as taking penance too far.
‘Okay, right,’ he said hovering awkwardly. ‘Sorry again. I bet that step catches a few people.’
‘I’ve never seen anyone come through that door like that,’ said DS.
Kevin snorted appropriately at DS’s dry sense of humour, but DS’s stony expression gave little indication it was intended to be a humorous remark.
‘Not a good start,’ Kevin said with an apologetic shrug.
‘No.’
‘Come and take a seat, young man.’ One of those seated around the table was a big barrel-chested older man attached to a magnificent handlebar moustache. ‘My name’s Dr Gardner.’ He held out his hand.
Kevin shook it and pulled over a chair while the others shuffled round to make room for him.
Even before further introductions could be made, Dr Gardner leaned over to Kevin and said in a low tone, as though passing on a secret to be guarded with his life, ‘Have you ever been to Kenya?’
‘Er –– no.’ It sounded like Kevin had to think about it, mentally sifting through the raft of exotic locations he had visited around the globe, but when it came to holidays, it was a traditional British affair every time – in Spain. The reason he hesitated was the disparity between the substance of the enquiry and the nature of its delivery.
‘Very poor place,’ continued Dr Gardner. Adding with a despondent shake of his head, ‘Very poor. They need all the help we can give them. Especially the children.’
Kevin didn’t doubt it, but sat uncomfortably wondering what relevance it had to the meeting. He glanced at the others in the group keen for someone to redirect the conversation towards the literary business he had anticipated.
DS sat absorbed in making notes on what appeared to be that evening’s agenda, while an older, grey-haired lady was in animated conversation with the youngest of the group – a girl in her mid-twenties by Kevin’s reckoning, and very attractive. She wore little make-up if any and with her long red hair tied back in a pony-tail. She had a sexy vulnerability about her, as though she didn’t know or lacked the confidence to appreciate how good looking she was. Kevin couldn’t take his eyes off her. He was transfixed until a tug on his arm distracted him.
‘Half of it goes to an orphanage I helped to build in Nyamira.’
‘Er, what?’
‘My book – the proceeds,’ said Dr Gardner. ‘The Needle & The Trowel – my memoirs of practicing in Kenya and my work at the orphanage. It’s very good you know.’
Kevin smiled politely. It wouldn’t exactly be a must read for him. He assumed the doctor had finished self-promoting his work and turned his attention back to the young girl.
A tug on his arm indicated otherwise.
‘I just so happen to have a spare copy. Got it printed myself.’
A copy of The Needle & The Trowel sat on the table in front of Kevin.
‘It’s only ten pounds and five goes directly to the orphanage to help those poor destitute children who so need it to put food in their stomachs and clothes on their backs. Very good value. A cracking read.’
Kevin wasn’t convinced on either score. But what could he say, especially as the doctor had pushed the paperback towards him almost into his lap.
‘Great,’ he said, not sounding greatly enthused. He handed over ten pounds and eyed his purchase. It was clearly self-published with no embellishment of the everyday title font on the plain white cover, or any attempt at a racy ‘elevator pitch’ on the back. It read more like an obituary:

Dr Henry Gardner, who qualified at the Royal London teaching hospital in 1971, practiced in Kenya from June 1976 until his retirement in 2010, when he and his wife returned to this country.
His major achievements in that time . . .

Kevin’s eyes threatened to glaze over. If the rest of it was written in the same flat reporting style, its marketing ought to be directed at insomniacs. Oh well, he thought, it was a good deed done earning him brownie points both with the group and those across the sea.
He glanced around the table. DS tapped a pen on his lip staring into space as if wrestling with an insoluble problem, while the two women seemed content to hold their own meeting. As much as he didn’t want to stare, Kevin was drawn back to the young girl. He glanced at her hand to see if she was wearing a ring and spoken for. It was part of a check list he went through when he encountered a potential new amour for the first time. No ring – good start. Another on the check list was assessing what she did for a living – high-flying London business-types weren’t for him, nor him for them, as a lowly, dirt under the fingernails gardener wasn’t a sophisticated catch. He was quietly assessing her likely occupation when again he was distracted by a tug on his arm.

‘Page thirty-seven is particularly moving.’
Kevin swung round. ‘Er?’
He tried not to show it, but the doctor and his bloody book were becoming extremely irritating.
‘The tribal chief dies. He was a good man, loved by all. Do you want me to read that section?’
Before Kevin thought of a polite way to say no, DS called the meeting to order.
‘Thank you ladies and gentlemen. I’ve made a couple of alterations to this evening’s agenda. But first of all, I like to formally introduce our guest, Kevin, who joined us in such a dramatic fashion tonight.’
‘Yeh, hi, sorry . . .’ Kevin said cringing with embarrassment.
‘So, we have: Dr Gardner, who I see has already introduced himself, young Collette, who has been with us around six months. Lynn our resident poet, who founded the symposium with me three years ago and Tom, who can’t be with us tonight. And of course myself, Derek Staines, who as you know, was the founder of the circle and mentor to the group.’ He turned to Kevin. ‘So, to kick off, Kevin, if you would give us a brief writing CV for the group to understand where you are coming from creativity-wise.’
Kevin mentally gulped. The Wolf Who Cried Boy now felt lame under the scrutiny of these stars of the literary firmament.
‘Well . . .’ he began.
Lynn, the older lady smiled reassuringly. ‘It’s difficult, isn’t it, being put on the spot.’
‘I’ve just started out, so . . .’
‘We all had to start somewhere. Don’t be nervous,’ Lynn said, leaning forward and patting Kevin’s hand.
‘Anything you would like to read to us?’ inquired DS.
‘I know it needs polishing. It’s a story about a man trapped in the body of a dog.’
‘Ooo, that sounds wonderful,’ enthused Lynn.
‘Sci-Fi?’ asked DS.
‘Well . . . not really. Not in that sense.’ Kevin had never considered his story that way. ‘I thought it more like seeing how the world looked through a very different set of eyes.’
‘It can’t happen though, can it. A man being a dog and all that,’ sniffed Dr Gardner.
Kevin knew it couldn’t really happen, but that was surely the point of literature to explore alternative realities.
‘Short story, novel?’ asked DS.
‘Short-ish story – forty thousand words. Novella perhaps? It’s finished, but needs work,’ Kevin added quickly.
‘Anything else?’
‘A couple of proper short stories.’ Kevin wasn’t going to reveal he had rushed all his early writings into print, naively unaware they were so devoid of literary merit. ‘Still polishing.’
DS nodded paternally. ‘I see. Good. Let’s have it then – The Wolf Who Cried Boy. Just a page or two to start the meeting off.’
Dr Gardner sat with his arms folded disinterested. Lynn beamed at him. DS returned to scrutinising the agenda, while the beautiful Collette seemed determined not to make eye contact. With a less than attentive audience, Kevin began.
‘The Wolf Who Cried Boy by Kevin Grimm.’ He cleared his throat. ‘It was a dark and stormy night . . .’
After lurching through half of the first page, DS held up his hand.
‘First draft?’
‘Ah, yes, sort of,’ Kevin lied, shrivelling inside.
‘I thought so.’
‘You must be so proud, dear,’ gushed Lynn. ‘It’s got the makings of a terrific story. You have a wonderful way with words.’
‘Anyway,’ said DS. ‘Back to tonight’s agenda. First up – time to hand in your homework. Doctor?’
Dr Gardner produced another copy of, The Needle & The Trowel with additional leaves folded inside.
‘I’ve added a little more to the fourth chapter. Would you like to hear it?’
Even Lynn, Mrs Positivity, offered him no encouragement. Collette kept her head down, while Kevin noticed DS chewed the end of his pen with the hint of a grimace.
‘Any other work in progress, doctor?’
‘Can’t put my mind to it until The Needle & The Trowel is as perfect as it can be.’
It occurred to Kevin that he had been palmed off with just a dodgy early draft. But in all honesty, even if the copy he bought was the sparkly, all singing and dancing finished article, he was never going to read the damned thing anyway.
‘Collette, how is your work progressing?’
‘Thirty-one thousand. It was Twenty-five last time.’
‘Oh, well done, dear. You’ll be a famous writer one day. You are brilliant. Such a clever girl.’
DS looked down his nose. ‘Yes, well, not unless you listen to people like myself who have been at this for a long time. I hope you made those necessary edits I suggested. I would hate a reasonable story to be spoilt for not taking on board professional editorial advice.’
‘Yes, thanks. I played around with it and it read better.’
Kevin instantly knew he liked her. He already fancied her just from her looks, but hearing her speak, her modesty, her innocence, her lack of ego, was beguiling. Yet he guessed he was at least ten years her senior. Kevin was realistic enough about himself to know that Brad Pitt needn’t look over his shoulder, nor did Hardy Amis have to concern himself – or was that Martin Amis, Kevin always mixed the two up – but he had never given up the hope that a nice girl such as her might like him for who he was – literally a down to earth regular guy.
‘So, Lynn. What has our bard – or is that bardess – written for us this week?’
‘I had a toothache, so I thought that would make a good basis for a poem.’
‘Is it very long?’ DS asked warily, casting his eyes down at the agenda.
‘No. Just the ten verses.’
‘Perhaps, the first couple then. Did you make copies for us to take away and read?’
‘Oh, yes, of course.’ Lynn passed them around the table. ‘It’s titled, “Forsooth, Never Hath There Been Such A Pain In My Tooth”.’
Poetry of any kind had never been Kevin’s bag, even the renowned. Yet, he would put aside his prejudices and critique it on its merit. Lynn slipped on her reading glasses and holding the sheet at arm’s length she began:

I did one morning awake
With such a terrible toothache
The pain was so bad
It was driving me quite mad
That a dentist appointment I did make

So ––

A loud crash caused her to abruptly halt mid-sentence as Kevin’s copy of The Needle & The Trowel hit the floor.
‘Ah . . . Sorry,’ he said squirming. ‘It slipped. Please, carry on.’
Lynn didn’t look put out, while DS actually looked relieved.
Lynn turned to DS. ‘Shall I . . . ?’
‘Actually, we’re slipping a bit behind schedule. We’ll take it away with us and read it later.’
‘Oh, that’ll be lovely, and tell me what you think. Don’t be kind like you normally are.’
‘I’m sure it will be up to your usual standard,’ DS said quickly, keen to move on.
Any kindness involved here, thought Kevin, must be likened to a vet putting down a sick animal.
‘As for myself this week,’ said DS. ‘I have submitted the revised manuscript for, We Need To Talk About The Clockmaker’s Daughter, directly to Random House following its proven success on Amazon. Why let an agent take a significant cut from the deal. Publishers know a best seller when they see one.’
‘Ooo, it’s wonderful, Derek. I’m sure they’ll snap it up.’
‘Thank you, Lynn. So, with homework handed in,’ said DS. ‘We come to the crux of tonight’s meeting – the ‘Limelight’ one act play competition, and our proposed entry. The closing date is the twenty-ninth of September. So it doesn’t leave us much time.’
Really! – thought Kevin. That’s over four months.
‘Just to remind you, it must be a maximum of five-thousand words, or twenty minutes stage running time, and this year it is on the theme of, “Democracy”.’
That was a subject Kevin couldn’t get excited about. Politics and lying, scheming politicians made him want to throw things at the TV.
‘Okay,’ said DS looking around the table at each in turn. ‘Anyone with an idea? Naturally,’ he added quickly. ‘I have a few excellent ones, but I’d like to hear what you’ve come up with first.’
No one seemed prepared to chip in with their suggestions. As a guest, Kevin didn’t think it was his place to do so either.
Collette hesitantly spoke up. ‘What about women’s suffrage? Their struggle to get the vote in this country?’
‘Quite a broad subject for a one act play,’ replied DS. ‘No, I don’t think so. It aims at quite a narrow audience. I think we need something more upbeat, less confrontational. More feel good. Remember: a smiling judge is a happy, high scoring judge.’
DS looked around the table. ‘How about you, doctor? Anything?’
The doctor sat thoughtfully with a creased brow. ‘Well . . . there was a time in Kenya, you kno –– ’
DS instantly swung round to the resident poet. ‘And Lynn – how about you?’
‘I think you’re the best at this sort of thing, Derek. I spoke to Tom and he agreed that you should choose. You have such wonderful ideas.’
‘It’s the benefit of my extensive experience.’ Then he turned to Kevin. ‘I’ve sprung it on you, but any thoughts?’
‘None off the top of my head.’
‘Okay, best run with mine then. A humorous satire on the Donald Trump presidency.’
‘Oh, Derek, that’s a marvellous idea.’
‘So, all agreed? Good. Donald Trump it is then – a sure fire winner.’
But not exactly a novel theme though, thought Kevin. Obvious and done to death was his immediate reaction.
‘Naturally,’ said DS. ‘I’ll be editor-in-chief and the lead writer, but of course I’m keen to include as much of your material as possible in the DSWS entry – but of course, only if it is up to scratch. The ‘Limelight’ prize is the big one. We can nail it this year.’
‘I can’t believe we didn’t win last time,’ said Lynn. ‘Or even get a commendation.’
‘Well, we’ve got young Collette with us now and Tom can string a word or two together and possibly Kevin, if he plans to come along regularly.’
‘If I can help, sure.’
‘Great. So, we must establish a setting – the White House logically, but what’s the scenario?’ DS looked to each blank face in turn then rapidly tapped the end of his pen on the table like a gavel to motivate the group. ‘Okay, we need a serious brain storming exercise here. I’ve got some thoughts, but I don’t want it just to be all my ideas.’
‘Him meddling in an election in another country,’ said Collette. Adding, ‘It’s well known that the Americans abandon the principles of democracy to keep dictators all around the world in power if it suits their purposes. In Africa –– ’
The doctor’s head shot up. ‘Kenya?’
‘. . . but especially in South America.’
DS sighed. ‘It’s a bit politically loaded. A bit lefty idealism. Not too many laughs.’
Kevin sat keeping his opinions to himself. Both Collette’s ideas were good. He wasn’t sure where DS was coming from – did he want some inane knock-about farce?
‘With the time constraint,’ continued DS. ‘I think we need to make a decision tonight on the outline of the piece. If no one has any better ideas, we will run with mine.’
‘Perhaps we should vote on it? You know – because of . . . democracy?’ Kevin suggested with a playful smile.
‘Vote on what?’ DS demanded sharply.
The smile dropped instantly from Kevin’s face, as DS hadn’t realised he was teasing about having a ballot on his unilateral decision, seemingly undermining his authority. ‘No. What I meant to say was: I’ll make a note of it.’
DS grudgingly let it ride.
‘So, what’s your wonderful idea, Derek?’
‘It’s that Donald Trump is persuaded to enter a Whitehouse Donald Trump impersonation contest, unseen in The Voice-style, and is voted into third place!’
‘Oh, Derek, that’s so funny.’
Kevin glanced around the table. From their expressions, neither the doctor nor Collette had found the concept anywhere near as hilarious as Lynn had.
Looking pleased with himself, DS tapped the pen on his note pad. ‘The title . . . ? I’m thinking: Out Trumped, or Over Trumped.’
‘Two No Trumps?’ said Kevin. ‘You know, as in the card game Bridge. The two who beat him aren’t Trump – No Trumps. Not Trump.’ He looked for support, but no one ran with his idea.
After a moment’s consideration, Lynn said, ‘Out Trumped is good.’
‘Out Trumped it is then.’ DS flipped open his note pad. ‘Okay, we need a cast of characters . . .’


3


An hour later DS called time on the creative caldron of predominantly his own ideas and the meeting came to a close. The date for the next was agreed for three weeks-time and the group gathered up their belongings in preparation to leave.
Kevin assumed the evening would end up with them in the bar swilling ale, debating the current consensus on literary techniques and devices, such as: ‘ . . . ,’ said John. Against ‘ . . . ,’ John said. Or should ‘Suddenly’ ever be used for dramatic purposes? And are ‘Adverbs’ the sign of a poor writer? But no. Lynn was concerned about catching her bus. The doctor, taking advantage of the now full main bar, didn’t hesitate to weave from table to table tugging on heart strings, pressing the patrons to part with ten quid for his work in progress. It didn’t go unnoticed that his appearance with several copies in hand coincided with a stampede for the toilets by those in the know.
Kevin was dying to speak to Collette – to begin his charm offensive, but DS had other ideas, effectively corralling her in a corner with an arm up against the wall and one stretched out along the bar. It didn’t take a body language expert to read the male protective display going on there. Collette’s attitude to DS’s overly-intimate manner wasn’t so clear. She smiled at appropriate times during DS’s monologue, but there was no sense of flirtation between them. So it was hard to tell if DS’s attention was welcome or not.
Kevin stood next to the pair, with his back against the bar clutching his pint. Aware of Kevin’s close proximity, DS further turned his back on him to ward off any predatory incursion. Any other time, Kevin would have backed off giving them more space, but he stood his ground. Outwardly, he was relaxed and taking small sips of his beer, minding his own business, but in reality his ears were out on storks trying to pick up on their conversation.
From what he made out above the general hubbub it was more or less a DS discourse on his pet subject, DS. Then DS leant forward and whispered something in her ear. Kevin turned at the right moment to hear Collette reply:
‘No. I prefer to write on my own. But thank you anyway.’
Kevin smiled to himself. Excellent. DS had been given a knock back. Maybe she wanted it to be exclusively her own work, and she wasn’t so naïve as to what DS was really about.
DS pulled back with his hands on his hips feigning exasperation at the snub. ‘I’m only trying to help with my extensive experience.’
Kevin made his move. Now with just enough room, he spun round in an instant and slotted into their huddle. DS moved to close the gap, but Kevin was too quick. DS wasn’t best pleased.
‘So, what’s your novel about?’ Kevin asked quickly to ensure DS couldn’t immediately freeze him out.
‘Oh,’ Collette said hesitantly. ‘Well . . . a woman, the heroin, discovers an old diary written by a female relative from long ago in the early Victorian period – her great, great, great, grandmother. Although separated by two-hundred years, and it was obviously a very different world back then, the diary entries from that time mirror the events happening for her in the modern day, helping her cope and guiding her through the series of tragedies and set-backs occurring in her own life.’
Kevin was genuinely impressed. ‘Wow! That sounds great.’
‘It’s not finished,’ she added quickly.
‘It’ll need polishing,’ DS said bluntly. ‘All new writer’s work needs polishing, and more polishing. But sadly, they don’t always accept the need to, or accept advice, making it fodder for the slush pile.’
‘Even so,’ said Kevin. He took a breath. He was about to utter the phrase that he longed to hear of his own work. ‘I’d like to read that, if possible.’
‘I’m not sure it’s any good. Derek says my writing needs work.’
‘True, but it just needs my experience to shape it into a reasonable piece of work.’
‘That’s okay. I want to read it whatever it’s like.’ Kevin could have kicked himself. It sounded all a bit desperate to ingratiate himself. ‘No. What I mean is . . .’
‘I haven’t printed it out, but I can email it?’
‘Yeah –– ’
‘Better copy me in beforehand,’ DS cut in. ‘I’ll need to check over and suggest edits of your latest five-thousand words. Help knock it into shape.’
‘Thanks.’ She turned to Kevin. ‘What’s your email address?’
DS jumped in again. ‘No. Best let me look it over first. ‘And I’ll forward it on at some point. I have Kevin’s email address.’
Kevin had the impression DS was possibly a twat, but now that was confirmed.
‘I’m not fussed about that. I’d love to read it anyway.’ Kevin wrote down his email address and handed it to her. ‘Send it over.’
There followed an awkward silence in which DS moodily stared at his feet clearly expecting Kevin to take the hint and go, while Collette stood self-consciously holding the slip of paper, clearly torn. Kevin exaggeratedly checked his watch.
‘Hey, I’d better be off. Early start tomorrow. Good meeting you all.’
Neither DS or Collette reciprocated the departing pleasantries.
He then added deliberately to antagonise DS. ‘Email it to me, as soon as.’


Kevin waited expectantly. After two days he had received nothing from her. DS’s control over young Collette seemed to have held sway. On the back of it, he decided the DSWS writer’s circle wasn’t for him. In his mind’s eye he would romantically continue to plough a lonely furrow striving to fulfil his ambitions both literary and of the heart. Then it arrived:

Hi Kevin
Please find attached my manuscript to date
Kind regards
Collette

Bingo! It opened a line of communication. He immediately rattled off a reply that he will read it with great interest and let her know his thoughts. Signing off with: See you soon.
Her email was short and business-like with no hint of a thaw in her reserve.
Kevin didn’t intend to go over the top in his praise, even if her writing was lousy. But it wasn’t. It was brilliant. Under normal circumstances, he would never have chosen to read a family saga, but it was genuinely gripping. He really was into the characters and wanted to know how things will pan out for them. He also couldn’t see what DS with his ‘vast experience’ of polishing would be able to bring to the party.
DS was clearly a twat, puffed up with his own self-importance, which undoubtedly clouded Kevin’s judgement when he checked out DS’s books for sale on Amazon. A self-published paperback of ‘We Need To Talk About The Clockmaker’s Daughter’ was priced at £10.95 + p&p and at £2.95 for the Kindle eBook. Kevin read the free preview – the first twenty pages. Nothing in that opening segment – style, characters or plot intrigue – inclined him to part with money for the whole volume. He wasn’t alone judging by its lowly sales ranking. That was curiously at odds with the critical acclaim in the review section. Kevin smiled. Perhaps DS paid acquaintances to post glowing praise of his work, presumably leaving some people to wrestle long and hard with their consciences? Bitchiness didn’t suit him, but he hated overbearing people with big egos, especially as DS had claimed exclusivity over young Collette.
He emailed her:

Hi Collette
I’ve just read through your work and I couldn’t (metaphorically ) put it down.

Kevin liked a bit of humour – GSOH – seemingly being an essential quality demanded by women on dating sites.

I don’t say this lightly, but IMHO this is publishing standard, and this is presumably before DS has had a chance to polish it!

Kevin couldn’t resist the jibe.

I’m interested to know whether overall DS’s input has been of great benefit as I was keen to get editorial advice on my own work from someone.

Kevin was pleased with that careful wording, as in a perfect world he hoped to hear back that DS had added zip to her work and she would be willing to offer help and guidance on his own primitive efforts.

I am eager to receive further instalments as you write them.
Working full time I mostly only have the evenings and weekends to do mine. What do you find is the best time for you to write, and how many hours a week would you say? Having a muse is such a bonus – what does your boyfriend think? Or is there anyone else you trust to bounce your ideas off and can assess your work with a constructive critical eye?
Hope to hear from you soon, Kevin.
By the way, I think your pen name (real name?) Collette Dubois has a real ring to it.

Was his probing for personal information subtle enough or blatantly prying into her private life? How she responded, if at all, would be revealing.


4


When at work, Kevin kept his phone in his back pocket. He wasn’t someone who lived their life via social media. He carried a phone for purely practical reasons, and its primary function, seemingly now near fallen out of favour: to make phone calls – discussing quotes for new enquiries, various retailers’ stock availability, if one of ‘His Ladies’ had an issue – it wasn’t unknown for Kevin to come to their aid with a bit of emergency plumbing to fix a leak, only charging half the cost of an accredited plumber. But for the last two days, Kevin had never checked his emails so regularly, almost on the quarter hour and then again in between times.
He had almost given up expecting a reply when one arrived a week later.

Hi Kevin
Sorry in taking so long coming back to you, but I’ve been busy at work with preparing for an OFSTED inspection at the nursery.
I’ve written a bit more of ‘An Echo In Time’ (working title) which I’ve attached.
I write when I can, in my lunch hour sometimes, or in the evening. I have a neighbour who reads through it for me. She’s very good.
Derek likes to be helpful, but he sets a high standard for my work to meet which is why he says my writing is naïve. He doesn’t correct my work by editing it directly, but just tells me if various sections aren’t good enough and advises me to rewrite it. He says that way I’ll learn more. If that type of guidance will assist your writing, I’m sure Derek will give you some advice.
Best wishes, Collette.

‘Best Wishes’ – things were on the up. A tiny warming towards him, plus no mention of a significant other. Kevin also liked the idea that she was a nursery nurse – it’s a job that requires kindness, but also practicality. Two things he looked for in a woman and boded well for a future relationship. The only disappointment was that she hadn’t volunteered to critique his own work. As for DS, a different picture was emerging from the one he keenly promoted. Crap books on Amazon and nothing specifically useful in the way of editorial advice for Collette’s novel. Kevin had sussed him out – DS didn’t have the talent to add anything meaningful to her work. He tried to maintain this air of superiority and control over her with vague references to naivety and lack of polish, which sadly, having little self-confidence in her own ability, she accepted without a challenge. 

A week before the next meeting, DS sent out a DSWS email update on the progress of ‘Out Trumped’, asking for feedback and suggestions. Kevin read through what DS had put together so far. He wouldn’t mind betting that the opening few pages were all DS’s work with no input from the rest of the group. It read that way too. Just how many trite American expressions can you shoehorn into a single line of dialogue. Kevin counted six: ‘Gee whiz’, ‘Awesome’, ‘Dude’, ‘Badass’, ‘Kick some butt’, ‘Sonofabitch’.
Having got a handle on DS, Kevin also realised when he was asking for feedback, what he expect was nothing less than fawning praise. Kevin emailed his reply with a few non-committal lines of support. In his heart he couldn’t say anything more positive than: It’s good to see you making progress. Keep up the work. He couldn’t even find it in himself to add good in the last sentence. It was better that he sent an email in response, because if he was put on the spot at the meeting, as a terrible and obvious liar, he might not even be able to be that positive.


5


Kevin arrived at the meeting a full hour before the start in the hope of speaking to Collette without DS hovering and interrupting. It gave him plenty of time to rehearse what he intended to say.
He waited leaning against the saloon bar keeping one eye on the door, while nursing a pint that had long lost its sparkle to the ether. He guessed it was unlikely that DS, being the control freak he was, would allow proceedings to commence at the appointed hour without himself at the helm, but if Collette arrived early, Kevin might be able to steal a few minutes alone with her.
Kevin’s ‘homework’ consisted of one of his short stories. He had ruthlessly edited it down to smooth the rough edges – he had read online somewhere that when editing you should treat every word as if it had to be paid for and ruthlessly strike out anything that wasn’t absolutely necessary. This of course was on the assumption that what remained was still worth dipping in your pocket for.
When he started out word count was everything – watching their number grow gave him a buzz, a sense of pride – but looking back, an analogy would be: Expecting to make a decent loaf of bread from wheat that hadn’t been separated from the chaff. As one scathing reviewer said: With words, less is more. Considering the literary talent you demonstrated in this piece, one must wonder whether zero should be your optimum goal in this regard.
But Kevin took the criticism on board and learned from them. His writing had become almost skeletal compared the bloated, purple prose of his early efforts. He hoped the editorial cull of his short story will be appreciated. But that wasn’t what was really on his mind. He concentrated on mentally rehearsing some incisive comments about Collette’s work, regarding character, motivation, pace, setting – firstly to impress her that his literary judgement was sound and worth listening to and secondly, if that succeeded, to begin to ease DS out of the picture leaving the way clear for him to move in.
He glanced at his watch again. Anyone noticing his over attentiveness to the dated Timex, with its glow-in-the-dark radium dial, would think he had an interview to go to or something. But with increasing frustration, he counted down the minutes to the start of the meeting. The window of opportunity to speak Collette before it commenced was rapidly diminishing.
Lynn arrived first, all huff and puff – barely through the door she began urgently rummaging through her supermarket ‘Bag for Life’. He had a cruel thought. Perhaps she had unfortunately left this week’s homework of epic verse on the kitchen table – if so, he should be thankful for small mercies.
Dr Gardner arrived next. He barrelled in through the door as though it was a police raid and nearly flattened Lynn who was still stooped over the bag. The retired physician barely noticed her crouched down in front of him. The moment he was across the threshold, he stood scanning the bar for fresh faces who hadn’t yet had the pleasure of being introduced to his memoir.
Kevin and the doctor’s eyes met for a moment. Kevin raised his glass in acknowledgement. Either there was no recognition from their previous meeting, or the doctor’s focus was so directed on sales opportunities that he had little time for social niceties.

Lynn quit searching for whatever she had lost and headed towards Kevin.
‘I don’t know where I put my glasses. I can’t read without them.’
‘That could be awkward,’ Kevin said trying not to smile.
‘I suppose I could ask someone to read the poem I wrote this week for me.’
‘Yes,’ Kevin said drawing out his response to indicate she needed to think that through. ‘But it probably won’t have the same impact without the feeling you can put into it.’
‘No, you’re right. I love my cat and watching him retch and struggle to bring up that furball was quite awful.’
Kevin shot her a quizzical look. ‘Furball?’
‘He gets them all the time. I felt so helpless for the poor thing and it moved me to write a poem about it.’
The writers group had dodged a bullet on that one, but not so for a couple of unwary punters having a quiet drink.
‘Hello, dear boy. Good to see you again,’ Dr Gardner said thrusting out his arm to shake hands. ‘A couple of decent chaps over there bought copies of my book – they seemed really interested in what we’re trying to do. It’s such a good cause you know.’
Kevin glanced at the ‘decent chaps’. Both of them looked as if they had sucked on a lemon. That they then drank up quickly and departed, leaving behind both copies of The Needle & The Trowel on the table they had been emotionally blackmailed into buying. Perhaps abandoning their recent purchases so swiftly indicated they weren’t avid readers, as did fashioning a paper plane from a page ripped from one book and using the other copy as a beer mat for their empty glasses.
Lynn turned to the doctor. ‘Can you believe I’ve forgotten my glasses, Henry.’ And as if to prove the point, once more she burrowed deep into the bulging shopping bag in search of them.
Kevin was curious as to what was so essential to bring along to the DSWS in such bulk. He peered down as she sorted through. It appeared to be an office’s-worth of paperwork.
‘Is the cat fur thing a long poem then?’ Kevin asked with a wry grin, turning to the doctor and nodding at the bag expecting him to fall in with the gentle ribbing. The doctor glanced at her voluminous bag but didn’t react.
‘I must have left them at home,’ Lynn said accepting defeat. ‘I hope they are okay. Perhaps I should go back for them just in case.’
Kevin was going to make another crack about the weighty contents of the bag when the pub door opened and in walked Collette. She took his breath away. She wore a long floaty puff-sleeved red dress which complemented her amazing hair. She had styled it to flow silkily over her shoulders and was held in place with a braided crown – a vision of beauty, a fair maiden lifted straight from a Grail romance awaiting her knight in shining armour. It was ridiculous to think it, but for a fleeting moment Kevin imagined that she had made the effort for him. But that thought was immediately dashed when DS followed in directly behind her. Kevin’s suspicion was confirmed when DS joined them at the bar and announced in a tone that was intended to be casual, but really equated in the animal kingdom to pissing against a tree marking out a territory warding off competitors: ‘We came together. There’s no point driving two cars here. Far more sensible from now on.’
‘Thanks, Derek. You didn’t have to – I know it’s out of your way to pick me up.’ Collette said with a nervous smile, seemingly uncomfortable with the permanence attached to the arrangement.
‘It’s no bother. At least you can have a drink and not worry about driving – what can I get you?’
‘Just a Coke, please. I don’t like drinking.’
‘Oh – okay.’ DS wasn’t a poker player. Disappointment that he wouldn’t be able to ply her giddily with alcohol all night was written all over his face. Socially bound, he asked: ‘Anyone else?’ The hollow offer was thrown out as if it was a challenge to a fight.
Unsurprisingly, no one took him up on his phoney generosity as they made their way through to the snug. Ultra-careful, Kevin ducked his six-foot frame under the beam while keeping an eye on the rogue step beyond. Having successfully negotiated both hazards without reprising his previous embarrassment, he took a seat around the table.
Kevin too was deeply disappointed – plan ‘A’ was a non-starter. Currently there was no plan ‘B’ on the table. DS had set out his stall – Collette was his, back off – but Kevin found it impossible not to keep looking at her, to soak up every inch of her loveliness. Kevin hadn’t taken any notice before, but he assessed DS as a rival. DS looked older than how he appeared in the website mugshot – definitely greyer and more jowly, a face that had a few more miles on the clock than when that picture was taken. It brought to mind the glaring inconsistencies from his internet dating experience. Kevin reckoned DS was definitely mid-forties at least and getting out of shape, and even with his shirt worn loose, there was the hint of a muffin-top belly – the classic middle-age spread. What on earth made him think someone as beautiful as Collette would be interested in him – his magnetic personality and his intellectual literary prowess? Or perhaps DS was loaded – expecting the alchemy of a fat wallet will transform a frog into a prince. Collette didn’t appear to be a shallow materialistic type, or so Kevin hoped, as he had little chance if that was the price of her affection.
There were a couple of minutes of fluffing about as the members set down note books, found clean pages and clicked ballpoints into action. DS oversaw the preparations with a benign, headmasterly air as if looking down upon his students readying themselves for his wisdom.
When DS had his head down to make notes on the evening’s agenda, Kevin took the opportunity to catch Collette’s eye in the expectation of some kind of acknowledgement following their exchange of emails. But as before, almost wilfully, she refused to look his way. Not realising his hopeful glance had become a fixed stare, suddenly sensing eyes upon him, Kevin’s attention towards Collette hadn’t gone unnoticed. DS glowered at him. Kevin flashed DS a cheeky tight lipped smile. Proverbially pissing against a tree didn’t prevent territorial challenges.
Lynn was last to be ready, it having taken a while to extract her latest creation from her ‘Bag for Life’ office filing system. ‘I forgot my glasses, Derek. I won’t be able to read my homework.’
‘I can read it for you,’ Collette said instantly.
‘Would you? Oh, you are such a lovely girl.’
Kevin massaged the bridge of his nose to mask a groan. Colette was too nice for her own good.


6


‘Okay,’ said DS bringing the meeting to order. ‘Thank you all for coming.’
‘Tom sends his apologies, but something cropped up,’ Lynn said.
‘It’s no bother,’ said DS. ‘Tom sent across a few ideas for Out Trumped, some of which I have considered. And thank you to those who also sent me interesting suggestions – there are a few lines I can knock into shape and use.’
Lynn reached over and affectionately clasped DS’s hand. ‘Any news from Random House?’ she asked eagerly.
DS took a deep intake of breath then hesitated. ‘Apparently it’s still under serious consideration.’
Kevin doubted that was the reality – it sounded like BS from DS. Kevin knew he was a lousy writer and hoped to learn and improve, but DS was clearly delusional about his perceived talent. He could have forgiven that conceit if DS had some humility, even a sense of humour, took himself less seriously. But he insisted on keeping up this ridiculous pretence as some literary heavyweight. Kevin also wondered why no one else in the group hadn’t seen through DS, and had long ago punctured his over-inflated ego with a brutal reality check. Or perhaps they had sussed him out but never said anything – unwilling to make waves and upset the cosy dynamic of the group.
Kevin accepted the scorn he reserved for DS was magnified by the rivalry over Collette. But DS brought it upon himself.
‘Nice to see you back again, Kevin,’ DS said with little warmth. ‘Nothing from you about Out Trumped, I see. We were hoping for a team effort.’
The sharp comment caught Kevin by surprise. He hadn’t realised there was an obligation to submit ideas. Then again it wasn’t really about Out Trumped, DS was point scoring, putting Kevin down, perhaps to impress Collette, to demonstrate he’s the alpha male of the group.
‘I’ve been busy at work.’
DS looked down his nose. ‘I think we are all busy at work––’
‘Not Henry and me,’ Lynn said quickly.
‘Enjoy your retirement, that’s what I say,’ said Dr Gardner. ‘In Kenya––’
‘Absolutely, doctor,’ DS cut in. ‘But time’s against us tonight. We must press on.’ DS underlined the first entry on the agenda. ‘So, quickly around the table – it’s time to hand your homework in – who’s up first?’
‘Collette is going to read mine. She’s such a dear.’ Lynn slid her latest creation across the table.
Collette in turn took a few moments to scan through in preparation. ‘Okay, I’ll try to do it justice for you, Lynn. Here goes . . .’

Furball by Lynn Laurel

Furball, furball why are you so horrible
Frantic seeing Smudge in such despair
Struggling to expel that knot of hair
Wonder did I if the Heimlich Manoeuvre
Would be an appropriate blockage remover
Squeezing his tummy he didn’t take lightly
Such that he went to viciously bite me

Furball, furball why are you so horrible ––

DS held up his hand. ‘That’s great, Collette – well done – lovely reading voice.’
‘There’s more,’ she said. ‘Lynn . . . ?’
‘Tempus fugit as they say.’ DS turned to Lynn. ‘Have you made copies?’
‘Oh, yes, they’re here somewhere,’ she said delving into the ‘Bag for Life’.
Kevin considered the two ‘decent chaps’ had the right idea. Making a paper plane with a copy of Furball would be a lot more entertaining than reading it.
‘By the way, Lynn, I rated your last poem – the ode to your toothache – as an eight out of ten and as I’m sure everyone else did.’
Kevin hadn’t been consulted on that point and was nowhere near as generous in that regard. But bless her, Lynn was so positive and encouraging about his work that he didn’t want to be horrible.
Meanwhile DS moved on while Lynn continued the hunt for copies. ‘Dr . . . I don’t suppose . . . ?’
‘What’s that, dear boy?’
‘No, I thought not.’ DS swung round with the sickliest of gooey smiles. ‘Collette – I know you’ve been busy.’ He wagged a playful finger at her. ‘Have you sorted those last edits I recommended?’
‘Yes thanks – it was very useful.’
Kevin bit his tongue. He hoped she hadn’t. There was nothing wrong with it – certainly nothing DS could improve upon.
DS turned sharply to Kevin. ‘So, did you find time in your busy schedule to do your homework?’
Kevin smiled at the thinly disguised sarcasm. As a rookie member he didn’t feel he should make more of it and bite back. Although if it wasn’t for Collette, he would have told DS to stick his symposium up his arse.
‘I’ve brought along a short story I’ve been working on.’
‘Just a few paragraphs should be enough for us to know how your writing’s hopefully coming along.’
Kevin didn’t actually care what DS or the others thought of it. His only concern was how it would be received by Collette and her subsequent opinion of him.
He hoped nerves wouldn’t wreck the reading. Okay, he thought – here goes: ‘The Second Fatal Error by Kevin Grimm . . .’ He cleared his throat. ‘A pool of blood seeped from beneath the lifeless body. It was over – it was done. The plan had worked perfectly –– ’
DS held up his hand. ‘Is this a comedy?’
Kevin hid his irritation. ‘No.’
‘Ooo, it sounds wonderful. I’m hooked already.’
‘Thank you, Lynn,’ Kevin said looking down at his piece to continue. ‘It was midnight, barely six hours before dawn. The schedule must be maintained –– ’
‘Thanks, Kevin,’ said DS. ‘I think we’ve got the flavour of it, and I’m concerned about how much time we have tonight.’
‘Oh, well done, young man,’ beamed Lynn.
‘In Kenya, you know, the dead are buried within the day otherwise they rot and swell up. Bloated by the heat they sometimes explode,’ said the doctor leaving them with that pleasant image to dwell on.
‘I have copies of the whole thing, if anyone might be interested.’ Kevin wasn’t holding his breath. He then turned to Lynn with a chuckle. ‘Do you think you can squeeze a few more sheets of paper into that bag of yours?’
His quip was met with total silence around the table, no one prepared to catch his eye. The smile instantly dropped off Kevin’s face. He wasn’t expecting a belly laugh, but it was as if he had just announced someone had died.
DS gave a faint shake of the head in contempt. Kevin had no idea what he had done – it was a harmless joke – or so he assumed.
Collette broke the silence. ‘Do you mind if I have a copy – it sounds interesting?’
DS gave her a ‘sleeping with the enemy’ scowl. For Kevin, it took a moment for the realisation to sink-in, then – Hallelujah!! Hallelujah!! Heavenly bells rang in his head – someone actually requesting to read his work without being cajoled or obliged either out of loyalty or pity. Then reality struck. The opening three lines were the best crafted in the whole story – what if she thought the rest was rubbish? He would plummet in her estimation. He was sure she would never commit to print a review as damning as Ms Sole’s, because she was far too nice, but it didn’t mean she wouldn’t secretly think it.
‘Yeh, sure.’ He handed her a copy. ‘I’ll email it as well.’ That was calculated to annoy DS, letting him know they were in contact beyond the meetings. ‘Let me know what you think – give me a few pointers, or even a lot of pointers. It’s about five-thousand words. Don’t be too hard on me.’
‘I’m sure Collette will be too busy correcting and moving her own work forward to spend time giving advice.’
‘I’ll try,’ she said quietly.
‘Thanks,’ said Kevin enjoying Collette’s tiny stand against DS’s authority.
‘Anyway, let’s not waste any more time,’ DS said abruptly. ‘Out Trumped – thank you for your input. I am sure we are on the right track.’ DS then glanced at each person around the table in turn. ‘So, which part did you find funny – Lynn?’
‘Oh, Derek, I thought it was all marvellous – I laughed all the way through.’
DS nodded and puffed out his chest in appreciation. ‘Doctor?’
‘A cracking job. I think when the Secretary of State suggests getting Judge Judy as one of The Voice talent judges and Trump says he thinks Punch would do a better job. It reminded me–– ’
‘Yes, thank you doctor. I’m glad you appreciated it. Just I little gag I thought was amusing.’
By now Kevin was slightly nervous. After one too many ‘Gee-whizzes’ in the first six lines he had only skimmed through the remainder. He couldn’t quote anything verbatim from the damned thing. Of the little he did recall, nothing had brought a smile to his face.
‘And, Collette?’
‘Well, it’s okay,’ she said slowly. ‘But I’ve looked back at the previous winners of the Limelight and they seemed to favour more sophisticated plays with a modern theme.’
DS sat open mouthed, genuinely speechless. Lynn kept her head down and the doctor suddenly became absorbed in flicking through The Needle & The Trowel. Only Kevin sat in keen anticipation of the fallout.
‘More modern?’ DS spluttered. ‘He – he is the ex-president of the US.’
‘Well,’ continued Collette. ‘Perhaps subtle is the word I’m looking for.’
‘Yes, but it’s funny,’ protested DS. ‘It’ll make people laugh – it’s a satire. It’s not meant to be “subtle”.’
‘Sorry,’ she said apologetically. ‘But you asked for my opinion. I’m sure you’re right though.’
Kevin was loving it, but was desperate not to let it show.
DS mockingly raised his eyes to the others. ‘Charlie Chaplin wasn’t subtle, but it didn’t turn out too bad for him did it?’
‘Ooo, now, he was funny, Derek – always made me laugh. He was English you know.’
‘Yes that’s right, Lynn. Can we now proceed?’
‘His comedy was extremely well crafted,’ said Kevin jumping in. ‘Everything was precisely planned and executed taking account of the tiniest detail.’
‘Yes, but not “subtle”. Anyway we’ve wasted enough time on this, we need to move forward.’
DS distractedly tapped his pen on the agenda. Collette’s comments had clearly rattled him. ‘Okay, where are we – Oh yes, Trump organising the judges. So, who do we think will be entertaining talent judges – give me some names. I have a few in mind . . .’

An hour later DSWS had their line-up. To Kevin’s mind having three well-known wacky American celebrities as judges in Trump’s The Voice take off was all well and good and had comedic merit, but that made it even harder for the actors in your average local drama group to perform, something the Limelight judging panel would undoubtedly take into account. Lampooning Trump was one thing – orange face, yellow wig – but then having also to parody three other celebrities perhaps set the expertise bar too high even for accomplished amateurs.
‘I will take these ideas away and work on them,’ declared DS. ‘I still firmly believe we have the basis for a winner. There’s no finer entertainment than to have a smile and a good laugh.’
With the meeting called to an end, the group collected up their bits and pieces and filtered through to the main bar. As previously, Lynn promptly scuttled out of the door concerned her bus might be running early, the doctor went into meerkat mode on tip-toes, craning his head spying out any late-comers to tap-up for a tenner, while DS instantly tried to corral Collette. But before the net closed, she ducked past his outstretched arm claiming to need the toilet.
Kevin and DS both stood in silence with their backs to the bar. It was a heavy, unnatural silence in anticipation of her return, like warring opponents poised tense, ready to do battle for her affections. As her chauffeur home, DS ultimately had the upper hand, but Kevin was determined not to let him totally boss the situation.
Kevin weighed-up his tactics. He was pretty sure she wouldn’t appreciate some childlike scuffle for her attention. He would maintain his dignity – he hoped DS would do the same, but he wasn’t convinced. Before DS assumed exclusivity over her, Kevin intended to get in first with some incisive comments about her book, which hopefully she will be keener to discuss rather than being on the receiving end of another tedious DS monologue regarding DS.
Yet as she emerged from the toilet, DS sprung off the bar and scurried towards her. It caught Kevin by surprise. He only had a second to think – should he shadow DS like some sad hanger-on? Or should he play it cool? Saunter over as though he bumped into them just happening that way?
The decision was taken out of his hands as DS immediately steered her towards the exit. DS didn’t even look back. Collette hesitated. She turned and gave Kevin a wave. It was accompanied by the most gorgeous, warm smile. Then she was gone, shepherded out of the door by her chaperone. It all happened so quickly that he barely had time to process it. But – she waved to him with that beautiful smile. She waved to him! If it wasn’t a crowded pub, he would have punched the air with joy. That smile was worth more than any critical acclaim he might ever receive in a lifetime of writing.
The doctor joined him at the bar.
‘Any luck, doctor?’ he asked absently, if only to make conversation, still buzzing from what had just taken place.
‘Sadly not, dear boy. I nearly sold another copy, but the chap’s friend said he already had one and that he could read if he really wanted to. Then he laughed. I’m not sure why. Anyway, naturally I mentioned the charity, and he says to me, “Charity begins at home, mate, not down the pub.” I think they’d had too much to drink.’
Or not enough to be persuaded to part with ten quid for his part-work, thought Kevin. ‘Never mind. Maybe at the next meeting you’ll do better.’
‘I always keep a couple of copies on me, as you never know who you might bump into in the supermarket and library or meet in the high street. I’ve raised over two-hundred pounds for the orphanage, you know.’
With a quick calculation, Kevin worked out that there were at least forty copies somewhere wedged under wobbly tables or gathering dust awaiting donation to charity shops, who, in themselves must be sick of the unwanted copies cluttering up their shelves, never ever likely to be resold.
‘I even managed to sell some when I made a return visit to Africa. It was in the town of Dodoma in Tanzania to three lovely ladies who couldn’t speak a word of English or the Swahili dialect that I knew. They are a fine and generous people, very generous.’
‘How did you communicate? Do you speak Tanzanian?’
‘No, sadly, I never learnt more than a few words of it as most Tanzanians speak good English. But as we all do, I made myself understood by waving my arms and talking a bit louder and they seemed to get the gist of what I was about and didn’t hesitate to hand the money over. In fact they offered me all the cash they had in their purses.’
Kevin wondered why the ladies bought a book written in English if they were unable to read it. Then again with the doctor’s imposing stature, intimidating moustache and the wild Englishman abroad gestures, it sounded to Kevin as though the Tanzanian ladies assumed they were being mugged.
‘Anyway,’ said Kevin. ‘I must go. See you next time.’

The following day he fired off an email to Collette.

Hi Collette
Good to see you yesterday.
Thanks for your offer to critique “Second Fatal Mistake”, which is attached. I very much appreciate your generosity and time in this. I hope Derek didn’t give you too much grief over it. He seems very protective.
If you get any further with ‘Echo’ I’d love to read it.

Then Kevin hesitated, fingers poised over the keyboard – how should he sign it off, ‘Love Kevin’? No. Ridiculously familiar for someone he barely knew. ‘Kind regards’ wasn’t right either – that was far too beige, like the impersonal automatic signatures on the end of business emails. He settled on:

Look after yourself and I look forward to seeing you soon.

It hinted at just enough warmth of feeling without going over the top. Once sent, he then had the wait for a reply. From the few exchanges he had witnessed with DS, Collette didn’t mince her words. If ‘Fatal Mistake’ was rubbish, she’d let him know.
And if she thought it was terrible, what weight might his comments on her own work then carry? It wasn’t an ego thing with Kevin – to be the oracle and arbiter of literary merit – a valued dialogue was just a means to get to know her better and hopefully kick starting something between them.


7


‘How’s your writing going?’ asked Pam handing Kevin a welcome cup of tea giving him an excuse to take a breather. ‘Strange you haven’t mentioned it today.’
From most other people Kevin might have taken that as poking fun, but Pam was lovely. He had known her for over five-years, taking over maintenance of her garden when her husband died. She never had a bad word for anyone. Now in her early seventies, the advancing, silver-topped years didn’t stop her whirl of activities with the local U3A groups – coffee mornings, lunches, tea dances, coach trips. She had more energy than Kevin did and certainly more of a social life.
‘How my husband looked after all this on his own, I’ll never know,’ she said looking at the huge expanse of her grounds.
She often remarked that her house was too big for her, especially the park-like rear garden with its fruit trees, extensive flower beds and ornamental pond, but it had been their family home for over forty-years, the children she raised, long since departed to raise their own families. She regularly talked about it being sensible to down-size, the practical convenience of a modern smaller home with cheaper bills, yet as much as she agreed it was the logical thing to do, she always ended up by saying: ‘Yet, it’s my home, where all my memories are.’
Kevin would have loved to have a garden like hers for himself, the half-acre lawn alone the perfect justification for the ultimate big boy’s toy – a sit-on mower, but not the rambling house. His two up, two down cottage was enough for him – for the time being anyway. Then again, if his circumstances changed, perhaps with Collette in the picture, who knew?
‘You haven’t given up writing?’
‘No, but not as much before. I spend less time on it.’
‘Another hobby?’
‘Well, there’s more work at this time of year . . .’
Pam turned to him. ‘And?’
‘And, what?’
‘You were going to say, “And”. So what else are you up to?’
My God, thought Kevin, if the CIA were ever short of a psychological interrogator they should employ Pam.
‘Oh, you know . . .’
‘Have you met someone?’
Kevin’s resistance to questioning had the breaking strain of a Kitkat, especially as his inner most thoughts appeared to be an open book. ‘No. Well, yes. Maybe. Not really.’
‘That’s nice. First date?’
‘No, not yet.’
‘But you have asked her?’
Kevin leant on his spade gazing thoughtfully into the distance. He could explain to her about DS being a pain, but for simplicity’s sake he said, ‘I haven’t had a chance.’
‘Don’t leave it too long is my advice. We women don’t like to be kept waiting.’
‘We’ve exchanged emails, but only regards the writer’s circle and stuff.’
‘The modern world!’ She smiled wistfully. ‘In my day, boys had to talk to a girl properly, not hide behind a keyboard.’
Not talking to Collette face to face wasn’t for the want of trying.
‘It’s not that easy.’
‘Nonsense – speak to her.’
‘I don’t know if she’s interested – I might be a bit old for her.’
‘Well, you’ll never know until you ask. Let her make her mind up on that.’ Pam eyed him up and down as if inspecting a soldier on parade. ‘How about a younger trendier haircut and smartening yourself up a bit. That’ll help.’
He didn’t take offence as she meant well, but he kept visits to the barber at a minimum if only to preserve the dwindling number of hairs he had left.
When he first noticed he was becoming follicly challenged, as they say, he had the crazy notion that if he had his hair cut very short, a No.2 all over, the reduced weight of each hair would make them less likely to fall out – of course it was nonsense and didn’t make the slightest difference. As a consequence, he was ever mindful of his receding thatch, even to the extent of using a tape to measure his retreating hair line. As for his clothes, it was harsh to judge him in his work gear, but she did have a point – much of his wardrobe consisted of items bought from charity shops.
Living in a prosperous town had its merits regarding the quality of the perfectly good stuff the well-to-do either deemed no longer fashionable to wear, or sadly had no further earthly use for, and so were generously donated to these places. Style-wise, his dress sense extended no further than if the clothes fitted and were clean out of the wash. He had relied on his ex-fiancé’s keen eye for these things to otherwise respectably kit him out for going out and about.
Pam had inspired him with a new determination though. Although he had no means of contacting Collette other than by email, he should carpe diem as they say in Rome (or did a while back), and go for it.

Kevin stared at the computer screen. The email cursor had been winking at him for some time in anticipation of text being keyed, but Kevin had got no further than: Hi Collette.
He had felt so positive when talking to Pam, but now that confidence had drained away. Doubt hadn’t crept in, it had battered down the door.
What if she spurned his advances? Or where people only spurned in romantic novels – in the real world there was plain and simple rejection – thanks, but no thanks, you’re not for me boring old bald bloke who can’t string two words together without a thesaurus and spell check. So, if he wasn’t for her, so what, he’d move on – there were plenty more fish in the sea.
He feigned indifference with a shrug, but that would have fooled no one, and if AI was a little further down the line, even the computer would have seen through that phony gesture.
The logic dictated that it would be sensible to find out sooner rather than later – not waste any more time in pursuing her if she wasn’t interested. But the romantic within him wanted to keep the dream alive as long as possible. Also in the mating game, playing it cool was a better tactic, firing off emails one after another might come across as a bit desperate, bordering on sad-creepy.
Even scrubbed-up, ready for a big night on the town, Kevin had never kidded himself that he was God’s gift to women or a fanny magnet (A man having the uncanny knack for attracting desirable women, as defined by the Urban Dictionary), his appeal was more of the slow burn variety. Women needed to get to know him first for his charms to be appreciated. But she was never going to get to know him from the odd email or exchanging a few words in the pub every couple of weeks with DS in the way.
Was it too forward to suggest an extraordinary meeting of DSWS just between the two of them under the pretext of critiquing each-others work? It would be a bold gambit having met twice and only briefly spoken a few words the once – but on the other hand, that wave and that smile she gave him, then surely . . .
His lack of self-confidence in matters of the heart and the spectre of DS having firmly set out his stall as regards Collette brought him back down to earth. When she was marched out of the pub there were plenty of people milling in the bar in the line of sight between him and the doorway – maybe the wave and smile was for a friend she had spotted in the bar, or even if it was genuinely intended for him, she was a lovely girl, perhaps that friendliness was just her way. He cast his mind back to relive the moment. Could he now be so sure that beautiful smile was specifically directed at him? No was the answer. As much as he hoped it meant so much more, he could be set to make a real fool of himself.
As he stared at the computer the only thing he did know was that he had to make some sort of contact, pre-empting any moves by DS. It couldn’t simply be a nudge to prompt her into replying, there had to be another genuine reason to email her again so soon after the previous one.
‘Okay,’ he said to himself. ‘Make this casual and non-committal – throw away.’

Hi Collette
I hope ‘Echo’ is still progressing well. Don’t forget to send me anything more you’ve written.
Thanks again for taking one for the team (The essential GSOH element) by agreeing to tackle my work.
If you can find time (seriously no pressure if you can’t) and you’ve probably thought of it already, but using ‘Track Changes’ for any edits will make it easier for me to see where I’m going wrong .

Track Changes’ validated the email – he then hesitated.

Also I’m really keen to discuss your work in more detail. There never seems to be an opportunity at the DSWS (a dig at DS) so I thought if you aren’t busy and have a spare half-an-hour one evening it would be good to meet up.

There, he had made his pitch. Was it obvious he was indirectly asking her out on a date on the thinnest of pretexts? From Kevin’s point of view it was glaringly obvious that’s what he his intention was, but it was how it would be received by her that counted. He re-read the paragraph again and again to ensure every nuance was correct and had achieved the right tone – not pushy, no flirty subtext, non-creepy. He signed off the email then re-read it one final time before hitting send. He fell back in his chair. It was done. Now was the nervous wait.


8


The days ticked by without a reply. And as each one passed Kevin became more despondent. No news was good news seemed unlikely in this instance. That despondency turned to resignation. He convinced himself that, even if she responded now, the lack of urgency was indicative of her level of interest – the smile and wave were but a passing moment of good natured kindness.
He made an unscheduled visit to Pam.
‘She might be busy.’
Kevin had clung to that thought, but how easy would it have been to dash off an email if only as an acknowledgement?
‘Yeah, maybe.’
‘There may be a host of reasons. Perhaps she’s on holiday.’
‘She works in a nursery – I thought they got the same time off as school holidays?’
‘I think they stay open even then for the working mums and dads. So that doesn’t follow.’
Kevin’s positivity was like a tyre with a slow puncture. Pam’s upbeat attitude re-inflated it, only for it to rapidly deflate again the minute she wasn’t around.
‘Should I send another email?’ Kevin already knew the answer to that. One look from Pam confirmed it.
‘When’s the next meeting of your circle?’
‘Ten days.’
‘See what happens there. She might be all smiles and apologetic.’

Two days before the meeting Collette replied:

Hi Kevin
I’ve taken a look at your work and made a few suggestions.
Sorry it’s not more thorough but I’ve had things to sort out recently.
Collette

So that was it. It told him all he needed to know. There was to be no happy ever after. Worst case scenario was that DS had won out between them. He stared gloomily at the computer. His immediate reaction was to skip the upcoming meeting. He wasn’t the slightest bit interested in the DS ego trip that was Out Trumped and as for getting help and support for his work, barring Collette, there wasn’t anyone else’s opinion in the circle he respected.
Kevin’s initial thought was to just not turn up. There was no obligation after all. He hadn’t bonded with anyone enough to feel the need to explain his absence. His life would be no less for it and his writing no worse.
But strange as it was, especially only having known her for such a short time and only then having exchanged a few inconsequential words, it still felt like a break-up. There was the high of her departing smile that seemed to hold so much promise for something developing between them and now the low, the crushing disappointment of the curt email. As usual, he had built everything up way out of proportion, so the come down from it was much harder than the reality of the situation should have dictated. He habitually did this with relationships, jumping in with both feet, but never learning his lesson – his desperation for love and romance was as usual the joyful, if short-lived victory of hope over experience.
With little interest, more out of curiosity than anything else, he downloaded the edited piece. Contrary to what she had stated in the email, and unlike it, her proposed edits were anything but cursory. Highlighted in red, the ‘Track Changes’ amendments were sweeping, nearly to the point of embarrassment. Kevin ran his eye over them. Seeing her reworking of the original text, Kevin let out snorts of approval. The revisions were the now the only too obvious solutions to a series of seemingly insoluble puzzles that, even after continual juggling, had been beyond his ability to solve. Yet now they expressed exactly and elegantly what he had been trying to say.
‘What a shame,’ he sighed. It was heartfelt. He’d had long term relationships in the past, which like a minor ankle sprain, needed no more than the emotional equivalent of a jog around the block to run off. But this was crippling. He knew it was silly to lament something that hadn’t existed. Was there an element of desperation in that feeling – the realisation that he was no longer a young man and ought to be settling down, a mantra forever echoed by his mother, unashamedly demanding of him grandchildren? She was never slow to remind him that Kevin was the last of the Grimm family line.
Even with the extensive edits massively improving his work, the passion for writing had gone. He hadn’t felt like that before. Previously, if a day past and he hadn’t sat down at the keyboard and written something, even a few lines, it felt like a day without his fix, unfulfilled and wasted. But that creative urge no longer gripped him. He recognised that it wasn’t just a reaction to his disappointment over Collette, it was also the realisation that, for all his weeks of effort in re-working and scouring the thesaurus to make it word perfect, it had only taken her a few short days to massively improve his clunky prose.


9


Considering it was his choice not to go, on the day of the meeting he was unsettled. It was the same feeling he had way back as a teenager when he had planned to bunk off school the following day – forged parental sick note and all, ready for his return – not that his intention to truant was for any particular reason, it was purely for the hell of it. Although, as it turned out, it was one of the most boring days of his life, hiding all day, fearful of being caught, like a prisoner on the run until he was able rejoin the real world at four o’clock, home time.
As the kick off time for the meeting approached, he did wonder if his unexplained non-attendance would raise a concerned inquiry or pass by with little comment. Even the mercurial Tom habitually sent his apologies for absence. He considered the reaction by each of the group in turn, and now sadly after Collette’s response, couldn’t imagine anyone mourning his departure. Lynn might offer a brief gushing tribute as was her way, but undoubtedly she would be shut down quickly by DS, him keen to get back to the business in hand, i.e. his self-aggrandisement and an ego in need of massaging.
Kevin spent the evening watching TV, yet still with one eye on the clock. Like a game, for his own amusement, he imagined what the was taking place around the table as the minutes ticked by: At eight they all gather in the snug and pay homage to the literary giant who welcomes his fawning minions – followed undoubtedly by Tom’s absence being minuted in the proceedings. Quarter past – homework presented: DS making up another ridiculous excuse as to why Random House hadn’t completely lost its literary marbles. Lynn pulling from the bulging plastic carrier bag filing system her latest poetic creation, which, short of divine intervention, will be as ear grating as finger nails across a blackboard. The good doctor producing more coma-inducing pages to be added to his endless work in progress. Collette modestly detailing her increased word count – DS undermining her confidence with ill-founded criticism while pawing over her and trying to schmooze her into bed. The thought of him winning out was truly the thing that rankled. He had half a mind to post an anonymous shitty review on Amazon slamming DS’s ‘The Watchmaker’s Dysfunctional Daughter’s Broken Main Spring’ or whatever that heap of crap was called. But Kevin didn’t. It would have meant creating a new fake account, passwords and stuff, and he couldn’t be arsed. No, he needed to pigeonhole away the DSWS experience as: Been there, done it and got the t-shirt and now it was time to move on.
Even so, glancing at the time, at just after ten he couldn’t help thinking about the meeting breaking up with buses to be caught, the literary equivalent of Mogadon plied around the bar and DS crawling all over Collette like a plague of boils. He also gave a thought to the progress, if that was the appropriate word, of ‘Out Trumped’. Unless the Limelight adjudicating panel were deeply into irony, looking to become the drama world’s equivalent of the Portsmouth Symphonia, the DSWS ensemble will be highly disappointed and undoubtedly surprised at its failure to win, especially the delusional DS. Blame will be cast everywhere except upon himself, his ego unable to come to terms with his mediocre talent.


10


Kevin threw himself into his work doing ten hour days, taking advantage of the warmer weather and light evenings. It was tiring, but it wasn’t a chore. He enjoyed what he did for a living.
Strangely, even though Pam was his champion, he was embarrassed when he turned up on her door step. In confessing his failure, it was as if he had let her down.
‘You don’t know she might be really busy. You even said she must have spent a long time editing your story. I think you’re jumping to conclusions.’
Kevin wished he could believe that. ‘I’ve written it off and decided to move on.’
‘Tut, tut, giving up so easily. I’m surprised at you.’
‘To quote WC Fields: “Try, try, try again, then give up. There’s no point making a damned fool of yourself over it.”’
Pam smiled. ‘Kevin, you’re a nice guy. You should think more of yourself.’
‘It’s not what I think of me, it’s what other people do.’
‘Maybe you haven’t met the right person yet – or perhaps you have, but aren’t prepared to pursue it.’
‘There’s pursue and there’s stalking. I’m not desperate enough to completely lose my dignity.’
‘They say fortune favours the brave.’
Kevin hated it when Pam bolstered him with unsolicited encouragement. He had come to terms with moving on, comfortable in his well of despair and now she made him feel guilty about it.
‘May be,’ Kevin said with reservation.
*
He didn’t finish work until eight that evening. Although still in his work clothes he slumped into the armchair, which wasn’t like him as he normally made a point of changing first, but he was exhausted. He had spent most of the afternoon lugging fifty bags of stone chippings into the back garden of one of his ladies called Joan, whose rockery-type Alpine feature was in need of an extensive overhaul. That and then shovelling the stones into place had been back-breaking. He was starving, but barely had any energy left to drag himself out of the chair to rustle up something to eat.
He had dwelt on Pam’s comments for the rest of the day, but for once wasn’t inspired enough to act upon them. Looking back, perhaps he had been too hasty in rejecting internet dating. Perhaps he had signed up to the wrong site, not promoted himself in his best light or indulged in a little embroidery of his appealing qualities. Even though he was weary in both body and soul, he felt he couldn’t leave it. The analogy if you fall off a bike, get straight back on again. Yet even with that burst of positivity, underneath it all was still a lingering sadness, a sense of loss – things that might have been.
After a hasty gourmet meal of beans on toast, and re-energised, he opened his laptop. Normally, the first thing he did was check his emails, but he resisted the temptation. It would probably only depress him seeing Collette’s reply / rejection sitting in the In Box. He conducted very little business via email, his ladies preferred the old way, by phone or face to face, so he was unlikely to be missing anything important. He had to focus on moving forward.
He chose a dating site he’d seen advertised on TV, it offered a free trial for 14 days, but no satisfaction guaranteed. They had made the contact process sound simple in the ad, but registration was the thing he hated. Filling in all his personal details, describing his qualities, his dreams and aspirations, what he wanted from a relationship and the type of person he wanted to meet, looks, occupation – it seemed endless. Then he had to upload a photograph. In his opinion the picture that showed him in the best light was taken when he was working a year or so ago – it was natural, without cheesy posing and he had a genuinely happy smile. Even Kevin, his own worst critic, thought he looked rather good in it. He was never more content than when he had a spade in his hands. Although from the angle it was taken, he looked more like a grave digger than a gardener. Finally ‘Application Accepted’ popped up and he fell back in his chair drained. It would have been easier to apply for a visa to North Korea. After nearly two hours he’d had enough and was too tired to even begin checking out the prospective lonely hearts seeking companionship, romance and perhaps – with a wink – something more intimate. Kevin could only hope.

Following day’s work wasn’t so physically tough. Tuesday was grass cutting day, subject to the weather. Lawns were trimmed all over his patch unless a Biblical deluge drove him inside. Normally, he found mowing therapeutic, giving him time to think, thoughts ranging far and wide, sometimes contemplating his writing plots, sometime the natural world around him. Having his mind free to wander as he trundled up and down with the mower wasn’t so relaxing that day as normal. As much as he tried to resist it, like a tongue probing a toothache, his thoughts constantly drifted back towards Collette. Sometimes, unbidden, an image of DS elbowed its way in which really pissed him off. He countered it by imagining DS’s face was a dartboard. What he needed was a new love interest to re-direct his romantic designs.
Even if he wasn’t in a Zen state of meditative bliss, at one with the universe, it didn’t interfere with his professionalism. It was his proud trademark – a Wembley-style finish to the lawns. He didn’t go as far as erecting goal posts and corner flags, but in his care the striped lawns were an immaculate swathe of arrow-straight bands of an alternate green hue worthy of any magnificent stadium.
Doris, a sweet old lady of ninety-three, dotty as you like, once asked him where he got that special stripy grass seed from. She’d looked in garden centres all over, but had never been able to find it. Kevin mischievously suggested that she should try looking on the shelf next to where they sold spirit level bubbles. Kevin wasn’t unkind enough to leave her with that misapprehension and send her on an embarrassing wild goose chase. Even when he explained the effect was created by mowing in one direction and then mowing the adjoining strip back the other way, reversing the nap of the cut, there was something about her reaction that suggested to Kevin that she didn’t quite believe him – as though there was an equivalent of the ‘Magic Circle’ for gardeners and he was sworn to secrecy, forbidden by the brotherhood of the soil to reveal the tricks of the trade.

Because it had been such a fine warm day, cutting dry grass was easy and quick. He was home before the One Show, not that it inclined him to watch it – he would save that hair shirt for his dotage. Being a little gaga would undoubtedly make the viewing experience a little more bearable.
Following a microwave jacket potato with cheese he opened the laptop. The website communicated via email, the only update of any real interest was the number of times his profile had been viewed – the Master Topographical Design and Engineering Consultant. He had dispensed with coy reservation when reinventing himself for the new site. The page loaded and Kevin got a tingle of excitement when he saw out of twenty ‘winks’ on his profile, he’d had three contact requests. Three out of twenty wasn’t a bad hit rate. He also looked for a message from Collette. Perhaps in the hope she was moved to contact him out of concern due to his non-appearance at the DSWS – to see if he was okay, adding she would be more than happy to agree to his suggestion to meet up sometime – but it was wishful thinking. There wasn’t a message. There was only the previous curt email, the brush off one, the thanks but no thanks, not interested. He sighed. It was painful being a hopeless romantic.
He followed the link to his home page on the dating site. Perhaps there was someone even more beautiful in wait desperate to make his acquaintance. The three singles requesting contact had each sent him a short message.
Kevin didn’t consider himself shallow – but he didn’t believe people who said they totally saw past people’s looks, claiming it was only the person inside that mattered – it was human nature to initially fancy someone from their appearance. If the photo didn’t grab him, he didn’t bother with the bio. Kevin wasn’t picky either. He wasn’t holding out for a Venus de Milo (arms preferred) or Kate Moss. He often found women not considered classically attractive, attractive because they had something about them. But sadly the three hopefuls didn’t click with him on either score, standing in unfair comparison against the vision of loveliness that was Collette.
He scrolled through the potential matches the site algorithm produced from his specified criteria. It was like Autotrader for dating. It needed the same cautious approach as when buying a second hand ‘. . . hence’ car from what his dad used to call a dodgy horse trader. That caution had to be applied to prospective dates. Like clues in a cryptic crossword, only reading between the lines and understanding the shorthand revealed the truth. When an ad for a car stated, ‘Minor issue with the brakes, hence . . .’ It meant the thing was a death trap and will put you through a wall. And so it was for dating sites. A tightly cropped portrait photograph accompanied by the description ‘cuddly’ suggested they were unlikely to be slimmer of the year. ‘Animal lover a must’ was indicative of a house overrun with cats and ‘Recent reluctant divorcee – must be kind, understanding and a good listener’ meant any potential companion in reality had to be a full-time counsellor with the patience of a saint.
There were two women who stood out: Emma, thirty-five, an accounts assistant who was looking for love, romance and was keen to settle down. Her interests were the creative arts, socialising with friends and was an avid bookworm. She was attractive too. Kevin, having become suspicious of these things from his last foray into internet dating, wondered why she hadn’t been snapped up already. He was in no position to judge. After all, he hadn’t met Mrs Right either and he considered himself relatively normal. Then again, he thought he had met the Mrs Right in the shape of his ex-fiance, but as it turned out, sadly, he wasn’t her Mr Right. He sent Emma a short message.
The other was Hayley, who wasn’t bad looking either. Perhaps way too much make-up for Kevin’s liking – a big Saturday night out party girl statement – but the profile read well. It seemed like someone he could click with. She liked film and musical theatre, having watched Mamma Mia twenty times and was heavily into sport, which was an odd combination, but each to their own. He repeated the same message he had sent to Emma.
Even as he hit the send key there was a feeling he would be settling for someone who was only second best, but ultimately it was no good being all Miss Havisham over his ‘broken heart’. Life had to go on.


11


The next day it rained from dawn to dusk – a miserable drizzly sort of rain, not enough to justify abandoning work and take shelter, but aggravatingly persistent, and despite his expensive ‘waterproofs’, he got home soaked through to the skin.
After a quick shower and something to eat he was at the computer. As email page opened, he quickly scanned down hoping there would be a message from Collette. But again there was nothing. What did cheer him though was both Emma and Hayley had replied. Hayley’s message was intriguing:

I’m happy to meet up as long as you are prepared for me not being your average woman.

Kevin sat back in his chair pondering to what extent she would be unusual. A wry smile crossed his face. Sexually insatiable was something he could currently handle quite happily at the moment – he had split with his ex over a year ago and it had been a barren period since. It was clear from the heavy make-up she was intent on sending out a girl power type message. Maybe she was a dominatrix into S&M. That possibility actually dampened his enthusiasm for a liaison. Kevin wanted a relationship, not punishment beatings and a gimp mask.
He clicked on Emma’s reply:

Hi, Kevin, you are exactly the special person I’ve been hoping to meet. I’d love to learn more about you, perhaps over a drink. Just name the time and place.

It was encouraging that she seemed keen and she only lived five-miles away, which was a bonus. Also it was nice that she wanted to know more about him rather than launch into exaggerated self-promotion as many of the narcissist-types do.
He sent her a reply. He didn’t want to rush in and arrange to meet up, not before knowing more about her, if only to be able to hold a reasonable conversation on the night. He had made that mistake first time round with semi-blind internet dating. There was often a half-an-hour of twenty questions followed by an awkward silence leaving only the weather to fall back on as the cringeworthy topic of conversation. It resulted in an early end to the evening and the subsequent trawl for another date on the net.
When listing his personal interests on his profile, Kevin hadn’t mentioned his former passion for short story writing. It seemed a little fraudulent now being so bad at it. But if only to make himself sound a bit more interesting, resorting to a white lie, he said he regularly attended a writer’s circle and was an active contributor to a play they were producing. If anything developed between him and Emma, and was questioned on it, he’d tell her he had left the group due to artistic differences.
He returned to Hayley and was torn. Maybe he was being unfair, but to Kevin she seemed to represent an exciting fun-filled, one night stand rather than long term relationship material. He studied her photograph again. It was tempting, one night of potential wild passion was better than none, but then he noticed something. He did a double take and then zoomed in and enlarged the image on the screen to get a clearer view.
‘Ah,’ said Kevin. He looked again to be sure. ‘Ah,’ he exhaled slowly. A scarf would have concealed it, but Hayley had made no attempt to disguise its prominence. Yes, Hayley would have definitely been the most unusual woman he had ever dated.

‘Any luck?’ asked Pam.
‘No,’ said Kevin wistfully. ‘Nothing.’
‘What about your writing?’
‘Given up.’
‘Oh dear, you youngsters do give up so easily. You like writing, so why stop?’
‘You have to accept that there are some things in life you are good at and some things you’re not.’
‘Hmm. So do you think the first painting Leonardo de Vinci did was the Mona Lisa? I suspect he threw away all his early ones because they were rubbish – but he learned to paint better – that’s the point.’
‘But he had innate genius which with a little practice came to the fore.’
‘We don’t all have to be geniuses. Some of the books I have read in the past have been terrible. How on earth someone agreed to publish them I don’t know.’
DS’s dire ‘Clockmaker’ thing came to mind, making Kevin thankful that there was a limit to the crap that slipped past the commissioning editor’s critical eye.
‘Maybe I’ll get back into it.’ He picked up his edging spade to tackle one of the flower bed borders. ‘I’ve been online – a dating site.’
‘Good for you. Seen anyone you like?’
‘Possibly, but we’ll have to see how it develops.’
‘It’s nice to see you haven’t given up on that as well.’
‘I’m not holding my breath.’
‘Best not. I find a blue face is not very attractive – unless you are a Smurf or Mel Gibson.’
Kevin smiled. He loved pam. He wondered if it was possible to adopt her as his grandmother.

Even with Collette never far from his thoughts, he was still quite excited to get home and see if he had received any further contact requests or possibly a response from Emma. It was cathartic, demonstrating that his appeal to the opposite sex wasn’t totally a lost cause.
Although he didn’t truly expect Collette to have been in contact, it was always a disappointment when she hadn’t. This was against the enthusiastic reply from Emma. She seemed very keen to know more about him and again suggested meeting up for a drink. She said she was ‘most impressed’ that Kevin was in a play writing partnership and asked for more details of what they were doing. Kevin saw no harm in going along with the minor deception. He had written plenty of things, okay, not very well, and admittedly his contribution to the Limelight entry had only been a couple of rejected ideas regarding its title, even so, his participation wasn’t a complete lie.
Kevin made no reference to meeting up for a drink – for once he held back. Maybe it was because he still held a light for Collette, or perhaps he was tired of expending too much emotional energy on the wrong people – this time round Kevin was taking it one step at a time. He wanted to know a little more about Emma first – so far she had told him nothing. In the subtlest way he knew how, he asked her to fill him in on her back-story and what was happening in her life today, ending his message cheerfully briefing her on the collective activities of the DSWS. He carefully made no mention of his solo writing projects. She stated in her profile that she was a bookworm. If her tastes in literature were geared to highbrow she was unlikely to be impressed with his talentless scribblings possibly ending the relationship before it had started.
He hadn’t got back to Hayley as he wasn’t sure what to say. As Kevin had made the initial contact, it wasn’t fair not to acknowledge her with a response.

Hi Hayley. Thanks for coming back to me. My personal circumstances have changed in the last couple of days, so I wish you well and good luck for the future. Kevin

Short and sweet, nothing negative. In wishing her well, he also wished himself well, who knows, perhaps with Emma.


12


The warm sunny day had put him in a good mood. Work was never a chore when the weather was on his side. ‘His Ladies’ kept him replenished with tea and cake throughout the day and a tree he was asked to cut down by Lily, his first ever regular client when he started his own business a decade ago, fell in the direction he intended, which avoided both her rickety old conservatory and him having blood on his hands. He had insurance for such mishaps, but the shock of the conservatory’s destruction probably would have finished off the dear sweet ninety-year old.
At home he grabbed something microwavable from the freezer and ate it sitting at the computer. He went directly into his email account. It was strange, having been the first thing he looked for every day, but he almost didn’t notice it among the raft of junk-ish type emails he regularly received: Compare The Market (car insurance – although not due for nine months), offers from Landscaping Suppliers, latest deals on Hair Restoration Products, etc. There tucked between a USwitch promotion and a Facebook notification was an email from Collette. He opened it instantly.

Hi Kevin
I hope you are well. Things haven’t been good at home, I’ve had a lot to sort out, which is why I couldn’t go to the last meeting.
As you saw, I made a few edit suggestions to your story (which I enjoyed by the way). I’ll be pleased if you thought they were useful.
Because of what’s happened, I haven’t moved forward on Echoes, but I will be at the next meeting. Looking forward to seeing you there.
Collette X

Kevin just stared at the screen: Collette X. He got a kiss! A whole kiss! Not a smiley face, not a ‘Kind regards’, not a ‘Best wishes’, but a kiss! He could have hugged the screen. And she was also, ‘Looking forward to seeing him’. Kevin wasn’t a demonstrative sort of person, but he leapt of his chair and did a jig around the room punching the air. A sober voice in his head wasn’t slow to quell his excitement. He returned to the computer and re-read the message. She was obviously having a really bad time in her personal life at the moment, perhaps with the stress of it all her head wasn’t straight – writing things without thinking, saying things she wouldn’t normally say. Kevin hated himself sometimes for not taking what people said on face value – when in doubt, he dissected and over-analysed every nuance inevitably putting a negative slant on their intentions.
Regardless of her state of mind, he felt sorry for her whatever the issue was and genuinely wanted to help if he could. Admittedly that wouldn’t do his chances with her any harm. He wasn’t scheming and he shouldn’t think that way but he was only human. He was sure DS wouldn’t have been slow to do the same.
In his reply he added the line that it was none of his business but if there was anything he could do she shouldn’t be afraid to ask. The stumbling block as usual was how to sign off the email. Men don’t do kisses unless they are soppily in love. A smiley face he felt was inappropriate in the circumstances and ‘My thoughts are with you’, too cheesy. ‘I’m here for you’, was too familiar and fingers down the throat slushy. He finally settled on:

I really hope things are soon on the up – Kevin.

Now he had a dilemma. Emma did seem very keen and was looking for the lasting relationship that Kevin was also desperately seeking, and on that basis it made sense to see how things panned out with her, yet as they say in romantic novels, his heart was for another. Nothing in life was ever straight forward. Pam wasn’t on his rota until next week, but he felt a visit was necessary.


13


He called on her first thing before his scheduled work started. With her social whirl there was no guarantee she would be in even before nine. She was surprised to see him on her doorstep.
‘Kevin?’ She studied his face for a moment. ‘Okay, what’s up?’
‘Have you got five minutes?’
Kevin had rarely been invited inside Pam’s house. The habitual pair of muddy work boots he wore and her Axminster deep shag pile carpets throughout were best kept apart.
She made him a cup of tea, which he drank down quickly.
‘I need some advice.’
‘Don’t plant your dahlias until the spring was the advice my father always gave me. Is that any good?’
‘If only it was as simple as that.’ He gazed into the bottom of his empty cup. Pam didn’t miss a thing.
‘I gave up reading tea leaves, I use bags now – so much more convenient, but less informative. Even so, I guess this is about that girl you like?’
Kevin was no longer surprised at her mind reading skills. ‘She’s made contact and seems very friendly.’
Pam frowned. ‘And the ‘but’ is?’
‘I told you about the dating site and the girl I’m in contact with who seems very keen – well, should I go ahead with dating her or should I take a chance on Collette who might only be being nice to me because she was nice and I probably mean nothing more to her than that.’
‘You don’t need my advice. I think you know the answer already.’
Kevin probably did, but he needed someone else to confirm it.
‘Yeah, but what if I’m reading too much into it, I’ll be back to square one.’
‘Well, no one says it has to be exclusively one girl or the other.’
‘Not my style. Perhaps I’m too honest.’
‘No one is saying you have to lie. The writing girl – how’s that been left?’
‘Hopefully, I’ll see her at the next meeting – it’s not until Thursday week.’
‘This is just a suggestion mind – you’ve got ten days, why don’t you arrange to meet up with the girl on the internet in the meantime and see if you like her? You’ve nothing to lose.’
It was a sensible suggestion, although he still felt a little uncomfortable with it. He didn’t want to mess people around.

He dwelt on it all day. It had even put him off the tea and cake that was offered, which was commented on by ‘His Ladies’ prompting concerns over his health – the suggested unorthodox pick-me-ups and tonics sounded like old family remedies from a time before science – leeches in particular were hard to come by nowadays. He arrived home still undecided.
It had become a routine: Home, change, eat and then jump on the computer. Emma had messaged him again. There was no reason to expect it, but he scanned down the page anyway checking for a response from Collette – nothing. He read the message from Emma.

Hi Kevin,
Great to hear back from you, I can’t wait to get together. I’m dying to meet you. Tuesday’s good for me – I’ll call that a date then.
There’s a nice pub near me called the ‘Three Bells’. See you there at 8 o’clock.
Love Emma

Wow! Not even a question mark at the end of 8 o’clock. He could never be a salesman as he wasn’t pushy enough, but he had heard of a technique they employed to seal a deal called ‘the assumptive close’, and that was it. Emma was certainly keen. But he still knew nothing about her. He pondered what to do. He didn’t like going into a date cold, but so what. If they clicked, they clicked – if not, it will be fates way of telling him it wasn’t right.
Unfamiliar with the ‘Three Bells’, he Googled it. It looked okay. A quiet couples, pub-grub type place, nothing fancy. So as Pam said, what had he to lose? He sent a message back to say he would see her there.


14


As the days went by with no further contact from Collette and the date with Emma approaching, he became increasingly anxious. Emma had messaged him twice, both times seeking reassurance over the arrangement. He confirmed that he was still good for Tuesday evening. The second message in particular jarred, ending with the line:

Don’t be late and you had better not let me down. Emma

After initially being taken aback, Kevin convinced himself that it was written with a smile on her face, in a fun jokey way, but it still made him feel uneasy.
He should have been looking forward with excitement to the upcoming date with Emma – the opportunity to spend an evening in the company of an attractive woman who seemed more than keen on him, but it was the reverse. By Monday evening he was pacing up and down the cottage wrestling with what to do for the best. His ceaseless march was accompanied by a couple of cans of beer. It was unusual for him. He wasn’t a big drinker, and if he did drink at home it was at the weekend.
He fell into his armchair staring contemplatively into the distance. Ironically, the alcohol had cleared his mind. FOMO had been allowed to hold sway in his thinking, but in reality, he had known what to do all along. Pam’s advice that he had, ‘nothing to lose’ in meeting Emma was possibly true, but joke or not, he felt that Emma was too controlling, pushy and moving too fast for his liking.
Having made up his mind to cancel the date, he had to work out how to let her down gently. He didn’t think the excuse he made to Hayley had any credibility – twice he had confirmed the date with Emma was good to go.
He opened the laptop and brought up his home page on the dating site. It opened on Emma’s last message. He felt guilty about doing it, and probably would have admitted to being a little intimidated at the prospect of telling her he was backing out, so any excuse had to be rock solid. He even went on Google. The most promising site it found was: 50 Reasons to cancel at the last minute.com. Most were lame related to the sudden onset of flu-type, put you on your back illnesses, migraines or the uncontrolled expulsion of various unpleasant bodily wastes. Family Crisis was what he settled on. He deliberately kept the specifics vague when mentioning his mother. He didn’t want to curse the old girl by claiming she had been stricken with some terrible malady. As a dedicated hypochondriac, self-diagnosed as knocking at deaths door for the last thirty years, she needed no outside assistance on that score. But what he did make a point of saying was that he would be out of contact for at least a few weeks if not more. He sent the message. When done, he felt a weight lifted off his shoulders. If he had chosen the wrong path, ultimately he will never know, but that moment it had felt the right thing to do.

The following evening checking the computer, if only to see whether Collette had been in touch, he saw Emma had messaged him.

I’m so angry and disappointed that you’ve let me down at the last minute. I’d bought an expensive new outfit for the date as well. Give me your number to keep in contact while you’re away – are you on ‘WhatsApp’? Emma

Wow, that was a bit strong.
Not that he had a pet rabbit, but if he did, it should be afraid, very afraid. Now regardless of the outcome with Collette, Kevin believed he’d had a narrow escape. He didn’t reply to her and went one stage further by deleting the dating app and blocking any further emails from the company.

On the evening prior to the DSWS meeting, he emailed Collette making sure she was still going to be there.

Hi Collette
I hope things are better for you.
Just a quick line to see if you are still going to the meeting tomorrow. I’m really looking forward to seeing you.
Kevin

He wasn’t sure if, ‘really looking forward to seeing you’ was too revealing – showing his hand? It echoed the sentiment on her previous email and on its own it was a throwaway line. Used in a business context or accepting an invitation from a maiden aunt, it was perfectly acceptable, but to him it shined a glaringly obvious light regards his feelings towards her. But after a few moments of indecision, he shrugged and hit send.


15


As before, he got to the pub for the meeting well ahead of the scheduled start time in the hope that Collette would also arrive early, and more importantly alone, without DS chaperoning her every move. The doctor arrived first holding a copy of ‘The Needle & The Trowel’ in each hand, poised to instantly dispense them left or right should a sales opportunity arise. He stood on the threshold scouring the bar for unfamiliar and gullible faces. He approached a group of lads gathered around a table, but keeping their heads bowed and refusing to make eye contact, they waved him away even before he was able to make his pitch. Perhaps the doctor’s reputation preceded him. He joined Kevin at the bar.
‘Hello old chap, I thought we’d lost you.’
Kevin’s pre-prepared excuse rolled off his tongue. ‘I got my dates wrong.’
‘Ah, dates, yes. They grow wonderful dates in Kenya, you know.’
Kevin bit his tongue. He would have loved to have said, ‘fascinating’ in a really sarcastic way. But he just smiled to himself.
‘No takers so far,’ the doctor said putting the two works in progress on the bar he had been hoping to palm-off on the unwary. He added, ‘I hear we’ve got a possible new member joining us tonight. I’m sure after I’ve explained the worthy cause they will be more than pleased to buy a copy.’
Kevin was curious as to who was interested in joining the motley ensemble. He depressed himself instantly imagining the budding writer to be some young Byronic Adonis who would sweep Collette off her feet, captivated by his silky wordsmithing.
‘What’s his name?’
‘It’s a woman apparently.’
That cheered Kevin up.
Lynn arrived next lugging her bag-for-life in with her. Spotting the doctor, she gave him a quick wave as she weaved between the tables. Before she joined them, Kevin turned to the doctor. ‘Why does she bring all that paperwork to the meeting?’
The doctor opened his mouth to speak, but Lynn’s arrival left the question unanswered.
‘The bus was late – typical. I don’t know why they bother with a timetable.’
‘Hi,’ said Kevin. ‘Nice to see you again.’
‘You too, Colin.’
‘Kevin.’
‘Oh, sorry, I thought your name was Colin. I like the name Colin. I called one of my cats, now long passed, Colin. You have to say it properly mind – not that silly way Americans do – Co-Lin.’
‘Quite,’ said the doctor nodding vigorously. ‘We gave them the English language in perfectly good shape and they mucked about with it.’
‘Absolutely,’ agreed Lynn. ‘And what’s an ‘erb for goodness sake? Sage and thyme are properly herbs. Another funny thing they say is Rout for the way you are going. Everyone knows a Route is –– ’
‘Part of a tree. Wonderful trees in Kenya you know.’
Strangely, and probably for only one night of Kevin’s life, the sight of DS’s arrival was a relief. Collette followed him in through the door. Kevin couldn’t prevent a huge smile spreading across his face.
‘Ah, the prodigal son returns,’ said DS with barely a glance to acknowledge him.
Kevin reckoned the fatted calf was safe.
DS turned to Lynn. ‘Tom?’
‘I spoke to him – apparently he’s got a bad cold and didn’t want to spread it.’
‘Right then,’ said DS decisively. ‘Shall we go through?’
DS led the way through the mischievous doorway into the snug. Kevin trailing behind swung round to Collette. ‘How’s things?’
She forced a smile. ‘You know – up and down. Good days and bad days.’
‘If there’s anything–– ’
‘We haven’t got all night,’ called out DS.
Collette immediately responded to the summons and ducked past Kevin.
Once they were all seated, DS struck a pose of solemnity indicating an address to his followers was forthcoming.
‘As some of you do and some of you don’t know, it is with great sadness, and with the condolences of the DSWS, that I must advise you Collette’s mother passed away three weeks ago.’ DS turned to her and squeezed her hand. ‘Our thoughts are with her at this time. And she knows my door is always open.’
It didn’t go unnoticed that DS held onto Collette’s hand far longer to comfort her than would be expected under normal circumstances. The cynic in Kevin reckoned the open door DS had in mind was his bedroom door.
Kevin glanced over to Collette and mouthed, ‘I’m sorry.’ She lowered her eyes as if she was about to cry. He wanted to give her a huge hug not only to express sympathy for her loss and also for having misjudged her so badly. He was humbled that, even though she had to deal with the death of her mother, she had still taken the time and trouble to edit any of his work, let alone to the extent she had. It said something about the nature of the girl, and Kevin hoped, it also said something about any feelings she had towards him.
Collette having finally retrieved her hand, DS began the meeting in earnest. ‘Even on this sad occasion, perhaps, as normal, we should start with homework.’ He turned immediately to Kevin and with a barely disguised smirk said, ‘Have we anything to offer?’
‘I’ve been a bit occupied I’m afraid.’
DS rolled his eyes. ‘Okay, never mind. I was hoping this would be a forum for people serious about their writing.’
Kevin wasn’t aggressive or easily moved to anger, but DS pushed all the right, or wrong buttons, depending how you viewed it, and it required all his will power not to drag DS across the table and punch his lights out.
‘Anyway, moving on,’ continued DS. ‘Doctor?’
‘What’s that, old boy?’
‘No. Okay.’ DS turned with puppy dog eyes to Collette. ‘Obviously, we can’t expect poor Collette’s focus to be on her writing at this time – let her mother rest in peace.’ DS, with his head bowed, made a big show of pausing for reflection as if he was holding a private minute’s silence. Finally he said, ‘So, Lynn – anything to cheer us up?’
That she hadn’t written a poem this week would be a good start thought Kevin.
‘Well, when heard about what happened, I struggled to write something that’s up to my usual standard. But I managed to put a few words together.’
‘Go for it.’
Kevin braced himself with a swig of beer.
Lynn delved into her bag-for-life and pulled out her latest creation. She cleared her throat.

A Few Words of Comfort by Lynn Laurel

Ah, death is like a thief in the night
Stealing loved ones is wrong not right
Leaving those who are left behind
With a sadness that is truly unkind
Nothing replaces the loss of a mother
Even the loving embrace of another
Pride for our Ma swells our heart
Alas no longer can I hold in a massive . . .

‘I couldn’t think of a word to rhyme with “heart”.’
It wasn’t very appropriate, but Kevin immediately thought of one.
‘Wonderful sentiment, Lynn,’ said DS.
Collette sat with her head lowered dabbing her eyes with a tissue. DS didn’t need second bidding. As quick as a snake strike, once again her hand was in his grasp. This time Collette resisted and she pulled back.
‘We need to carry on with the meeting. I’ll be fine.’
DS tried to pat her hand instead, but she swiftly withdrew it, leaving him to look a bit silly tapping the bare table top.
The doctor saved him from further embarrassment. ‘I understand we might have a new person joining us tonight?’
‘Ooo, I’m always so excited when we get a new member,’ cooed Lynn. ‘It’s such fun.’
‘That’s correct,’ said DS. ‘The DSWS was recommended to her apparently. Said she couldn’t get here before nine. I suggest we crack on with Out Trumped in the meantime.’
‘Is she a novice – been writing for a long time?’ inquired Kevin. He was genuinely interested if only because of the possibility of rising from the bottom rank of the circle hierarchy. 
‘Just starting out. Fancies the idea of writing. Emma contacted us on a whim,’ said DS.
It took a moment to register what he had said, but then Kevin froze. ‘Emma?’ he repeated, but DS had already moved on.
‘So, Trump is on stage . . .’
Kevin had zoned DS out. His mind was going at a thousand miles an hour. Surely that can’t be dating site Emma? It had to be a coincidence, right? Emma was such a popular name, seemingly almost every other girl was called Emma, and how would she have even known about the DSWS? If you can genuinely kick yourself, Kevin would have done. He had stupidly tried to impress her by exaggerating his active involvement with the DSWS Limelight play, bigging-up his creative role to make himself sound more interesting. That’s how dating-site Emma knew. Yet part of him wanted to dismiss it as a weird coincidence, but there was sufficient doubt to make him feel very uneasy. She had demonstrated little sympathy when Kevin cancelled the date due to the supposed family crisis. How would she react discovering his blatant lie regards being out of circulation for an extended period? Kevin could bluff it out and say the problem got resolved quicker than he thought – but to most of those who’d had experiences of various relationships over the years, especially brief ones, it would be understood that his little deception was the polite way of finishing it between them. Unfortunately, she didn’t seem to have had the memo. Then again, they hadn’t been out on a single date, or even met, so how upset could she be? But he wasn’t prepared to take the risk of her making a scene in front of everyone, especially Collette.
He had to decide what to do, and quickly: Stay and tough it out or should he skip the meeting early before she arrived. Perhaps he was worrying about nothing and he had caught Emma on a bad day when he had ducked out of the date. Perhaps normally she was a nice, happy-go-lucky, easy going, reasonable person whose sole interest in joining the group was inspired by Kevin’s obvious enthusiasm. Perhaps it was as simple as that and nothing to do with her being a bunny-boiling, control freak. But then Kevin recalled, ‘I am so angry’, 8 o’clock’ with no ‘?’ and ‘you had better not let me down’. If there was such a thing as a silent ‘!’ those sentences were punctuated several times over with it. As much as he hated to leave before he’d at least had a crack at speaking to Collette, she, ultimately being the only reason he was there, and as much as it would appear a little peculiar to suddenly announce his departure only thirty-minutes into the meeting, leaving was the best option.
‘. . . Trump has done his humorous monologue and is awaiting comments from the judges –– ’
‘I’ve got to go,’ Kevin said dramatically as he sprung up out of his chair.
DS looked up from his draft Out Trumped script with undisguised irritation.
‘Are you okay?’ asked Lynn. ‘You’re not feeling well?’
‘I’ve left a saucepan on the stove,’ Kevin replied unable on the spur of the moment to come up with something a little more credible or novel as an excuse.
‘That is a bit silly,’ DS said in a mocking tone.
Lynn gasped. The colour drained from her face and she struggled to catch her breath. ‘You must go, go now, quickly before . . .’ 
‘Yes. Sorry.’ Kevin turned to Collette. ‘I’ll email you to catch up.’ DS glowered at him. Kevin was pleased that the evening wasn’t entirely wasted having at least managed to rile DS. He was half way through the mischievous doorway when he hesitated.
‘Ah, look – you know, me being a bit dippy – so perhaps don’t mention I’ve been here tonight to the new lady.’
That it was a strange request, weird even, didn’t escape the circle members attention as demonstrated by their bemused expressions. Perhaps even stranger, Kevin didn’t immediately rush from the snug, but peered around the door to check who was in the bar before daring to venture out.
He trudged home. If he had left something on the stove by the time he put his key in the door twenty minutes later it probably wouldn’t have only been the food that was cooked to a cinder, firemen would be hosing down the burnt-out remains of his house.
The journey was made even more uncomfortable as the events of the evening played out in his mind. The mystified look on Collette’s face hurt the most. She must think him a right odd ball. If he had just made his excuses and left he might have got away with it, but asking them not to say that he’d been there was just nuts. The DSWS certainly wasn’t the forum to launch into an explanation about potential tribulations in his private life due to Emma not playing by the customary rules of boy meets girl, boy/girl no longer interested, boy/girl dumps boy/girl – delete where appropriate. Also his erratic behaviour in all likelihood will have tainted Collette’s opinion of him, made worse by the fact that in all probability it wasn’t necessary.
With the time to rationalise the situation on the walk back, he satisfied himself that new member Emma and scary, online-dating Emma being one and the same was so unlikely that all he had achieved was making a fool of himself. Saucepan on the stove – what was he thinking of? He would have been better off saying that he had left the bath running – still pretty dim, but a tad more credible, although scrutiny on that point was to be avoided as the cottage only had a shower room.
He was normally calm and level headed when dealing with awkward situations, but he had let himself down big time by blindly panicking.
At home he restlessly paced up and down unable to settle. He was desperate to contact Collette to explain. Yet she had more than enough to deal with at present rather than concern herself with his eccentric carryings-on. As hard as it was, he forced himself not to try to make contact with her at least for a few days.


16


At work, it played on his mind all day – tea and cake were refused, prompting a different batch of ‘His Ladies’ to voice their anxiety and offer their homespun advice: ‘I thought you looked a bit peaky – have you tried cod liver oil?’ ‘I swear by iron,’ said another. ‘Try Vitamin C, it does it for me,’ suggested a sprightly eighty-five year old. ‘Prunes morning, noon and night for a thorough daily clear out. Look after your gut and your gut will look after you,’ was the sage advice of Mimi. Stick thin, bordering on cadaverous, she may have taken her own advice to an unhealthy excess. She being a devout church goer, Kevin mused that Bind Us Together Lord was inevitably the hymn closest to her heart.
He returned home that evening with what happened still weighing him down. Having cleaned up and eaten, he sat down at the computer. He didn’t expect it, but hoped Collette had messaged him. She hadn’t. What he was surprised by was that his spam filter hadn’t prevented six emails posting in his in-box from girl.powEr. The subject line in the first was Contact Me!!, the last five sent at regular intervals by girl.powEr lacked a header. He stayed well away from them, assuming they were sent from some malicious source intent buggering-up his computer with a virus, ransom-ware or the like. He marked them all as spam and deleted them. After they were blitzed into the ether a hazy concern troubled him. He then realised what it was, ‘!!’. It was pretty rare to be that abrupt especially as click bait for a random phished email attempting to lure the unwary into opening Pandora’s Box. Yet he knew one person who wouldn’t hesitate to use them – but surely not. The dating site claimed the personal data they held on you was secure and contacts could only ever be made via notifications through their site. Unless there was a data breach, how could Emma have got hold of his personal email address? It was impossible to believe she obtained it through trial and error. Unlike passwords, which were often just ‘PASSWORD’, perhaps with a numeral on the end to satisfy the minimum criteria, the billions of combination of email addresses was too staggering to contemplate stumbling upon by chance, especially as ‘Kevin’ didn’t feature in it as a clue. Kevin would have loved to consign the spam emails to a file marked coincidence – another coincidence, like the new DSWS recruit being called Emma – yet those ‘Scary’ Emma ‘coincidences’ were mounting up. Then there was another one to be accounted for – the capital ‘E’ in girl.powEr – ‘E’ for Emma? Perhaps one too many coincidences to be just coincidences. Wow! He felt as if he was being hunted down and the net was closing in. Kevin wasn’t normally paranoid, but he instinctively glanced out of the front window overlooking the road. There was a street light on the opposite pavement and he half expected to see scary Emma standing in a pool of light beneath it – stalking her prey, waiting for the right moment to pounce. Unsurprisingly, she wasn’t.

Normally a colourful imagination was to be enjoyed, other times like then, it wreaked havoc. Emma wasn’t outside the front of the house, because she was already around the back, sneaking into the kitchen from the garden, or so that imagination terrified him into believing. He rarely bolted the back door’s top and bottom locks but they were secured in double quick time as was every window in the house.
He took a deep breath to calm down. Yes, once again he had massively overreacted. How she had found his email address, he didn’t know, but if she was upset, any anger towards him would surely be limited to a few stroppy messages. He had avoided the mistake of opening the emails, if only out of curiosity, as they were likely to be booby-trapped with a ‘Read Receipt’. He didn’t want to give her the slightest encouragement in thinking that he had read any of them. Her email address was designated as spam, so at least they wouldn’t be in his face day after day sitting in the inbox. He obviously had to option to ‘Blacklist’ her address, but she would know and if she was still intent on bombarding him with emails, she could simply use a different account. Marking it just as spam meant, surely if he ignored her long enough any sensible human being would give up.
He needed to establish if the new DSWS recruit really was ‘Scary’ Emma. By emailing Collette, not only could he find out, but also it was a neat way to explain away why he acted so strangely.

Hi Collette
I was so sorry to hear about your mum passing away. It must be such a difficult time for you. I hope you have someone you can talk to. I haven’t known you long, but I’m a good listener if it would help.
It was good to see you at the meeting and it was a shame I had to dash off before being able to speak to you and thank you for the effort you put into my work – I thought it was brilliant.
I know it seemed odd me asking you guys not to mention I was at the meeting to the new person, but I’m quite sensitive about what people think of me. I was badly bullied at school as all the other kids thought I was thick because I was so forgetful.

Kevin cringed as he typed that. He sat for a long period staring at the screen, wrestling with that lie. He was no Stephen Hawking, but he did okay and for worrying what people thought of him, thick-skinned more typified his character.
From a young age he was impervious to the childish name calling in the school playground, often hurtful, that caused others to retreat into their shells – it didn’t even bother him when bad teenage acne earned him the nickname ‘pizza face’. And later in life didn’t he need a hide like a rhinoceros after the swingeing web reviews, including personal attacks, his writing constantly attracted?
He was especially uncomfortable with manipulating Collette’s emotions to gain sympathy, to justify being an idiot. Plus there was always the danger that his claimed victimhood might backfire on him with her concluding he was some pathetic, over-sensitive and self-absorbed snowflake not worthy of her attention. Twice Kevin highlighted the text to delete it and twice he let it stand.
It was proven that women liked sensitive modern men – it demonstrated a softer side and vulnerability which they found endearing. But Kevin had his own self-respect to consider and wanted to be able to look himself in the mirror and know he had stood by his principles of honesty and integrity. Then he thought to hell with it and left it in. He continued the email by slipping in the seemingly casual enquiry:

Out of interest, did the new recruit turn up after all – young, old? What is she looking to write? I’m curious to know.
Again, sorry about your mum. Grieving is a slow process. It took me ages to come to terms with it when my dad died. The pain never completely goes away, but eventually it gets more manageable. I hope you begin to feel better soon.
If you can let me know the date of the next meeting, as DS doesn’t keep me in the loop.
(He had to get in at least one dig against DS)
Maybe we can find time to talk properly there or if you think you might find meeting up beforehand beneficial, let me know.
Kevin

It was signed off with just plain old, ‘Kevin’ – nothing fancy, or clever words with a subtext. He checked it over again, and again wrestled with attributing some phobic hang over from childhood to excuse his bizarre behaviour. It didn’t sit right with him, the boohoo, woe is me culture. But would the truth be any more believable or show him in a better light? Explaining to Collette that steady, unexciting Kevin Grimm, of all the unlikely people in this world, was being stalked by an attractive woman he had never met stretched the bounds of credibility. It also meant confessing to trawling the net for women, sending out the wrong message about who he really was and creating an impression that he fancied himself as some Romeo and was after only one thing – Collette to be another notch on his bedpost. Nothing was further from reality, but even so it was best to keep his internet dating activities out of it. He hit send.


17


The weekend was quiet. On Saturday he had done a little DIY which occupied him for most of the day, but Sunday threatened to be a bore fest.
He had heard nothing back from Collette, but never before had he witnessed so many emails accumulating in the spam folder. He was reluctant even to go there, if only to delete them. There was little doubt as to who they were from. He felt under siege – he had to get out of the house. He called his mother.
‘Are you dating yet?’ she asked instantly, doing away with any initial pleasantries. ‘I’m not getting any younger you know. I’d like to see grandchildren before I’d go. The way things are, I haven’t got long. My GP says it’s remarkable that I’m still here – I told him I’m hanging on hoping my son will bring a bit of joy into my life before I’m called to the great beyond.’
When she drew breath Kevin finally got a word in. A loving son should by rights ask after their elderly mother’s health as a priority, but from painful experience, Kevin gave that subject a wide berth if he didn’t want to lose twenty minutes of his life he’d never get back again. Such a medical marvel was destined to be elevated to legendary status even if it was confirmed that she was afflicted with only half of her self-diagnosed maladies – seemingly with at least one additional ailment being added to her complaints log every time he spoke to her – a walking encyclopaedia of hypochondria.
‘I thought I might pop over – perhaps for dinner? It’ll be nice to see you.’
‘I might be infectious. There’s that new bug going around.’
‘I’ll keep my distance.’
‘I don’t want you suffering like I do.’
‘I’ll chance it and I’ll even cook – how about that? And maybe a walk afterwards.’
‘What! With my legs!’
‘That’s how walking’s normally done. Alternatively, I’ll push you in a shopping trolley if you like. What food have you got in?’
‘Nothing. Don’t forget I’m a poor struggling pensioner. I can barely feed myself – using a tin opener is almost impossible with this arthritis.’
Her being what may be kindly describe as well-rounded, there didn’t seem any imminent danger of her fading away. ‘No worries, I’ll get something on the way.’

It hadn’t occurred to Kevin before he strolled into his mother’s local store that the supermarket was close to where Emma lived. The thought only came to him as he wandered along the aisles, his mind otherwise a blank seeking inspiration for dinner from the stacked shelves. It caused him to come to an abrupt halt by the butchery section – a skinned rabbit’s carcass hanging from a rack being an ominous portent. He urged himself to get a grip. She wasn’t Freddie Kruger or the demented woman out of ‘Basic Instinct’ – she was probably just desperate for love and romance, perhaps too desperate may be, having attached far greater importance to their brief interaction than it merited. Anyway, he reasoned the shop was massive, like some vast aircraft hangar, so the chance of bumping into her, even if by some weird coincidence she did happen to be there was slim. He’d been shopping with his ex-fiance in such places and after separating at the entrance in pursuit of their own purchases, regardless of searching up and down the aisles, they would only meet up again when returning to the car. Never-the-less, Kevin kept his eye out just in case. Fate and its mischievous sidekick coincidence had a nasty habit of springing unwelcome surprises when you least expect them.
Even if it was only the remotest of possibilities, it still added a new urgency to his shop. He snatched up a chicken pie and microwave ready mash and hurried toward the checkout. No choccy treats or a modest bunch of flowers as a present for his mother this time around.
There were three or four queuing for the self-service tills. He stood in line waiting his turn watching those unfamiliar with the system fluff about, turning the supposed express checkout system into a glacially slow process. And the longer Kevin stood exposed in the queue, the more uneasy he became. If Emma did suddenly appear he was screwed.
A till became free and the line shuffled forward. The supermarket assistant flitted between perplexed and frustrated shoppers, verifying age for the buying of alcohol, correcting miss-scans, overriding suspicious artificial intelligence: ‘Surprising item in the bagging area’, as if wagging a virtual, ‘I know what you’re up to!’ finger at a suspected shoplifter.
Eventually he was at the head of the queue waiting for a till to clear. He made an assessment as to which one was the next to be free – the volume of purchases being no guide in that regard. It appeared to Kevin that for some using the self-service tills who didn’t have the forethought to bring one, or considered shopping bags unnecessary, saw it as no inconvenience, nor apparently a waste of their own time – forget the people waiting – to remain standing at the checkout for a considerable period after paying endlessly rearranging the overloaded armful of groceries until they were stable and unlikely to spill as soon as they moved. The urgency others displayed was more akin to participants in ‘Supermarket Sweep’. While Kevin observed with anticipation one such man who bagged-up items as if he was late for a train, from the corner of his eye he caught sight of someone approaching who looked worryingly familiar. He resisted the urge to double check and have his fears confirmed. It was only a brief glimpse, and it might not have been her, but he didn’t intend to hang around to find out. At that moment the man with the train to catch grabbed his bag and rushed off. Kevin hesitated.
‘Go on, mate,’ a voice in the queue behind him growled in frustration.
Kevin had two items – how long should that take? To keep his back to the advancing figure, he edged up to the till in an odd crab-like fashion. He had no idea if she was still headed his way or had turned up one of the side aisles. He daren’t look.
The scanner read the pie first time. The readymade mash didn’t play ball. The crumpled packaging had distorted the barcode. He straightened the plastic out as best he could but it refused to scan when presented. He waved it at the scanner up, down and sideways as if he was conducting an orchestra, but it still wouldn’t read the misshapen barcode. He was about to dump the mash and just pay for the pie when a woman’s voice behind him said, ‘I know you – Kevin. I thought it was you.’
Kevin didn’t audibly gasp, but he froze and like a naughty child caught red-handed and blurted out an instant farcical denial. ‘No. That’s not me. Never heard of him.’
‘Kevin the gardener?’
‘You must be mixing me up with someone else,’ he said, deliberately keeping his face turned.
‘You do work for my grandma, Mimi. I’m Sally remember – I met you at her house once.’
He was able to breathe again as it wasn’t Emma, but the ridiculous charade left him squirming. Now he was trapped by his own lie and he couldn’t see a way back. He maintained the pretense.
‘I don’t think so.’
‘Anyway, do you want a hand with that?’ she asked, the friendly tone had left her voice. She played around with the mash packaging and got it to scan.
Kevin glanced round. The supermarket uniform wasn’t flattering on Sally. He might not have recognised her if it wasn’t for her mass of curly blonde hair that was the same vibrant shade of canary yellow as Mimi’s age-defying hue.
Now able to see Kevin clearly, she studied him for a moment. ‘Well, if you’re not Kevin, you’re the spit.’
Kevin did a pantomime version of a sudden revelation. ‘Oh, Kevin! I thought you’d said Kelvin.’
Sally wasn’t buying it and looked at him as if he was slightly deranged. ‘Anyway,’ she said. ‘Pay for these and you’re done.’
She walked off to age-check someone buying enough alcohol to start an off license.
Although it was only for a second or two, turning to speak to Sally he had shown his face. That hadn’t gone unnoticed. Three checkouts down Emma was glaring at him. With an expletive on his lips, he grabbed his two items and scampered towards the exit.
Like triggering a motion sensor, the security guard’s head shot up, his attention alerted by the running man. Kevin was nearly through the door when an arm across his chest brought him to a halt.
‘Excuse me, sir. Can I see the receipt for those items?’
Kevin was in full flight, brain disengaged mode. ‘What?’
‘I’ll need to see a receipt for those.’
‘I’ve paid for them,’ protested Kevin. ‘I’m in a hurry.’
‘I’m sure you are, sir. So, if you would like to show me the receipt you can be on your way. If not we’ll have to sort it out in the office,’ the security guard said relishing the authority his black paramilitary-style uniform gave him with its pseudo-police accessories: hi-vis, chest mounted radio and fake stab vest with its blue & white chequered banding. Seemingly there was a presumption that the outfit also mandated police powers including sarcasm to someone who was otherwise a nobody jobsworth.
‘I left it on the machine. I didn’t pick it up.’
‘That’s unfortunate. So, no proof of purchase then.’ There was a hint of a cruel smile accompanying the security guard’s mocking tone.
‘Sally saw me pay for them.’
‘Well, she’s not here is she.’
Kevin swung round. He could probably find the receipt at the checkout, but dismissed that idea instantly as Emma marched towards him, and she didn’t look happy.
‘KEVIN!!’
‘I tell you what – keep ‘em.’ Kevin thrust the disputed items into the security guard’s hands and charged across the car park. He jumped into his car. He had watched enough Hollywood Mummy films to know no matter how fast you ran, it wasn’t fast enough. Never-the-less, at the wheel of a reasonably quick car and to challenge that cinematic cliché, he ignored the car park speed limit of five-miles an hour by some margin. Without looking, one shopper idly pushed their heavily laden shopping trolley across his path forcing Kevin to stand on the brakes. The screech from the skidding tyres producing an almost theatrical shocked reaction in the jaywalker – the mouth a perfect ‘O’ and arms shot into the air. That shock quickly turned to anger.
‘What the fuck! You . . . !’
Kevin held up his hand in apology. That universal sign of appeasement appeared to have been misinterpreted. Perhaps it was obscured by light reflecting off the windscreen, perhaps the heavily built, tattooed man with an enormous gut was short sighted, but Kevin’s innocent gesture seemingly had antagonised him further. Angrily shoving the shopping trolley to one side, he advanced menacingly towards Kevin’s car. Kevin slammed the car into reverse to get away and glanced in the mirror.
‘Shit!’
A car had pulled up behind him. Patience clearly wasn’t one of that driver’s virtues as he wasted no time standing on his horn expressing his annoyance at being held up. The angry, tattooed man was only four or five strides away and the car behind was on his bumper, so to avoid an ugly scene, which was likely to have attracted attention of the whole car park, Emma included, Kevin had only one option.
His work van was quite a bit wider than the car he drove and he was comfortable with maneuvering that into awkward spaces, so the gap he was going for shouldn’t have presented a problem. The two empty back to back parking bays were generous in size, but the angle was tight. There was no room for error if he wasn’t to clip the cars parked either side, especially as his escape needed to be done at speed and with not the slightest hesitation.
He spun the wheel, hit the accelerator and backed himself. He swept through the gap and narrowly avoided grazing the stationary vehicles either side. Kevin hadn’t noticed that the irate man’s bulging trolley, assisted by a gentle slope in the car park, was still rolling under its own momentum. It trundled on collision course towards the side of his car. There was little space to swerve out of the way if he wasn’t to plough into the cars parked in the bays ahead. He tried, but couldn’t to avoid the wayward trolley completely. The back of his car struck the trolley a glancing blow. There was zero chance Kevin was stopping to inspect the damage. Peering in the rear view mirror, he slunk low in his seat cringing – he saw the collision had sent the trolley into a slow balletic spin, and being top heavy, the rotation caused it to topple over ejecting the contents across the car park, the carnage made worse by anything vaguely round, like fruit, bottles and tins, rolling away into the far reaches disappearing beneath cars. The irate man, who now genuinely had something to be irate about, was far too fat to give chase with any realistic chance of catching him, but regardless, Kevin gunned it towards to the exit.
He couldn’t imagine applying for a loyalty card at that store anytime soon.


18


His mother wasn’t impressed when he turned up with a couple of Co-op ‘value’ ready meals bought from a petrol station close to from where she lived. He didn’t stay long. There only so much haranguing about settling down and siring some sprogs he could take. Plus the intimate details of her range of exotic maladies had made him feel queasy – it was that or the value cottage pie, which was essentially tasteless mash over gravy mixed with the odd gooey lump of something hopefully organic, but otherwise unidentifiable. Also the incident at the supermarket played heavily on his mind and he couldn’t relax. Nothing of what had occurred in the car park had been intentional, but even so, he guessed there would be consequences.
Back home, he waited anxiously all evening for a visit from the constabulary. He expected a knock at the door from the police at any moment on the assumption that his reg number had been clocked and or CCTV had captured the whole incident on video. He could hardly deny it was him as the ding on his car was the smoking gun. But the police never came.
He slept badly – tossing and turning all night with one horrible dream after another. Emma appeared to be in more than her fair share of them as a terrifying brooding presence he couldn’t escape from – in another he answered a ring on his doorbell only to find the tattooed, irate man, fists ready, coming for him. He even had one dream in which he was handcuffed and led away by police, the scene morphing into a judge in court handing him down a death sentence. That one made him spring bolt upright in bed.
In one sense he was glad when the alarm clock woke him, but otherwise he could have done with another couple of hours in bed.
Before setting out for work in the morning he re-inspected the damage on his car. He hadn’t dared look at it too closely the previous afternoon – there was only so much crap he could process in one day.
It wasn’t as disastrous as he feared from the previous cursory glance. The bodywork wasn’t dented, just scratched and not even that badly. With some of the modern proprietary paintwork restorers it might not even need an actual paint touch-up. It was one problem he could ticked off the list.
Both ladies on his rounds that day observed that he wasn’t his usual self and looked a bit peaky. Kevin told them he was just a bit tired that’s all as he hadn’t slept well. Kevin listened politely to the magic cures they swore by: Horlicks before bedtime and lavender under his pillow. He lied when he said he will give them a go.
When he arrived home he expected a police car to be parked outside. There wasn’t one, nor was there a note through his door to say they had called to arrest him.
In some respects it would have been better if they had, if only to relieve the agony and get it over with. It was waiting for a knock that was the killer. He ate his dinner with little enthusiasm then checked the computer. He hoped Collette had messaged him to raise his spirits.
As the page loaded, he couldn’t help noticing the spam folder was into high double digits. He contemplated deleting them, but just seeing all those emails listed one after another undoubtedly from Emma, probably ever more insistent and furious, would only depress him further.
Collette had replied. The only shining light in his life at that moment.

Hi Kevin
Thank you for your kind words. They did help. I realise it will take time for me to get over mum going. She had been ill for a couple of years, so it wasn’t a complete shock, but even so it still is very sad when it happens.
DS has been kind and helpful . . .

‘Bastard!’ muttered Kevin. ‘He couldn’t wait, could he! Rat up a drain pipe.’

. . . he’s been like a dad to me.

‘Result! Excellent. You’re out of the game Mr DS.’

. . . I’m slightly confused. Emma, the new lady came along, but I’m surprised you didn’t mention that she is your girlfriend and she told us you were thinking about getting engaged . . .

Kevin stared at the screen open mouthed. ‘Girlfriend!! Engaged!! What the hell – she’s bloody crazy!’ He forced himself to read on. He had to know the other outrageous lies Emma had told.

. . . Naturally, she wondered why you weren’t at the meeting and where you were. She said she had lost your telephone number. Perhaps her phone’s broken or something? We haven’t got your number, but DS gave her your email address (she said she had lost that too). Hopefully you two are back in touch.
I’ll let you know what’s happening with the DSWS. DS sprung a surprise. I don’t know who in the circle might be going, but there’s a three day residential writer’s workshop (long weekend) coming up in a couple of weeks. It’s held in a country hotel outside Brighton. DS has been before and he says it is lovely. He also said with my potential, going was a must to meet other writers and literary agents. DS say he can put a word in for me with his clout and extensive list of contacts. I’ll let you know the details when I have them about cost and dates etc. Maybe you might want to come along with your girlfriend?
Speak soon
Collette

‘She’s! – Not! – My! - Girlfriend! For God’s sake! I want nothing to do with the woman!’ he bellowed at the screen. Because of her lies now there was no affectionate kiss when Collette signed off this time around. That was it, Emma had ruined his chances with Collette. If Emma was intent on making a point of going to the DSWS meetings in the hope of seeing him, she will be disappointed. Kevin was done with the group. But that also meant he will never get to see Collette again and that hurt most.
Once he had calmed down, he reflected on the email. Maybe Kevin was unduly cynical, but DS luring Collette to the hotel was more in hope of a dirty weekend as opposed to furthering her writing career – good luck with that ‘Dad’ – Kevin also even doubted DS’s supposed highly-placed contacts existed, except in his world of self-delusion. But on the assumption that Emma, the wrecking ball, hadn’t been invited, he thought a few days away in the country was a great idea. If nothing else he could do with a break and maybe it’ll give him just a chance to set straight the misunderstandings with Collette.

As each day past and he hadn’t been thrown into goal or even had a bright light shone in his face while tied to a chair, he began to think nothing will come of the incident. At the end of the day, he had paid for his shopping and the aggressive idiot in the car park was as much to blame for what happened by not keeping his trolley under control. And as far as he was aware, you don’t get a fine and points on your license for driving a tad too fast through a supermarket car park. If anything he should be the one pissed off because of the damage to his car. Now self-righteous as the wronged party in the affair, he bounced back from his despondency, although not entirely. Emma still cast a shadow.
A woman infatuated with him was way beyond his experience. It had never happened to him before, and even now he couldn’t understand how a person can become so obsessed with someone they had never met, especially him. Normally, he was the one doing the chasing, a one-way street that often led to a dead end and inevitable crushing disappointment. If it wasn’t for Collette, forgoing the DSWS would be no big deal and the volley of troll emails was easily sorted by creating a new email account – there were few people he would need to advise – but it pissed him off having to contemplate it. Was her fanatical ‘e’ stalking a police matter? Unlikely. That constant bombardment was no worse than the relentless flood of spam from comparison websites offering insurance quotations. So, what else was he to do? Kevin needed to consult with his agony aunt.

He rang the bell. There were sounds of movement inside. Kevin had turned up unannounced hoping to catch her. The door opened.
‘Kevin,’ Pam said surprised. She smiled. ‘Okay, come in. Tell me all about it.’
Kevin trudged in behind her.
When both were seated at the kitchen table with a teapot brewing between them, Pam said, ‘I think you need to get married to stop all this nonsense.’
‘You must have been speaking to my mother.’
Pam poured out two cups. ‘Can’t choose between them?’
‘The cup closest to you is your best bet.’
She chuckled. ‘Nice to see you haven’t lost your sense of humour. Of course I meant the two girls.’
Kevin snorted. ‘That’s the easy part.’
He explained what had gone on including bumping into her in the supermarket, but carefully left out the subsequent escapade in the car park.
‘You should be honoured in a funny way.’
‘I would be if she wasn’t a looney tunes, bunny-boiler. Nearly engaged??? The thing is, she is an attractive woman – I don’t understand why she is the way she is.’
‘The workings of the mind are a mystery – maybe she has low self-esteem or has been let down badly in the past. Or, what’s it you young people say, she’s a control freak.’
‘But I don’t want her issues becoming my problem, especially lying to people and ruining what I might have had going with Collette.’
‘People seemed to be more straight forward in my day. You haven’t spoken to her on the phone, I assume?’
‘Jees, can you imagine. It will be bad enough if I have to change my email – I don’t want to have to get a new phone number as well. So, Pam, what can I do to get rid of her – nicely?’
She thought for a moment. ‘Suggest she goes to Specsavers?’ Kevin didn’t take offence – he knew he was no oil painting and the photo posted on the dating site was unduly flattering. In a certain light people have said he looks a bit like Johnny Depp which he took as a compliment, even if it wasn’t intended to be.
‘Too late. I think she’s already seeing me through rose tinted glasses.’
‘How about telling her you’re gay?’
‘I’m not even sure that will stop her – she’d want to reassign my gender preferences, is the modern terminology.’
‘Maybe you are only a fad and she will move onto someone else who takes her fancy.’
‘Sooner the better. But how long will I have to wait? Weeks, months? And what if I am ‘The One’ as far as she’s concerned, then maybe never? A woman obsessed forever trying to track me down?’
‘I don’t really understand these things, but is there any way you can discover more about her on social media without her being aware? To find out what makes her tick?’
Kevin was reluctant to go anywhere near her even anonymously. He didn’t even want to have to think about her. He just wanted her out of his life completely.
‘I’m not so sure about that. But I think what makes her tick is the mechanism of a time-bomb. I’m scared she will find me.’
Kevin hadn’t said anything to Pam regards the paranoia that gripped him as he drove out of the supermarket. Had Emma somehow managed to follow him and discreetly tailed him to his mother’s house and then followed him back to his home? It was a daft notion, easily dismissed – as surely he would have had her banging on his door by now – but that’s just how unnerved he had become.
‘I think you’re worrying too much. You’d only have to call the police.’
Being of an older generation, Pam’s faith in the police being forever the good guys in the white hats, righting wrongs, sifting the truth from the lies and ensuring the blameless go free while careful only to put the guilty behind bars was wonderful, but misplaced. To her a wrongful arrest was an oxymoron.
Kevin might be judging Emma’s character too harshly, but in this modern world you can’t be too careful. If she tracked Kevin down and there was a row, she might be vindictive enough to claim he had hit her or even worse. His word against hers. It would be the police assumption that the man was guilty until he can prove his innocence. That was the nightmare of all nightmares, especially as she’s shown herself to be a fantasist quite willing to tell shameless lies. Maybe she would never be that nasty to get him in real trouble, but he didn’t want to give her the slightest possibility.
‘I’d rather it didn’t get to that stage to have to rely on the police to sort her out. They would probably take her word over mine in a row, that’s even if they bothered to turn up.’
‘You must have just been unlucky to bump into her in the supermarket – the likelihood of that happening again has to be remote, especially as she lives quite a few miles away.’
Coincidence so far had played into Emma’s hands. He would rather not spend the rest of his life looking over his shoulder.
‘Don’t forget my work takes me all over the local area. I could find myself working right next door to where she lived.’
‘Well, if you are offered a new job, ask the home owner if they are aware of a strange woman living next door with a big turnover in pet rabbits – I am not serious of course.’
Kevin turned to her with a wry smile. ‘Actually your neighbours warned me about you when I started here – ‘Beware of the jokes,’ they said.’
‘Charlie, my husband always liked my fantastic sense of humour, my comedic timing, my side-splitting wit and naturally, my modesty – not that he ever laughed at any of my witticisms. He said he had an inner appreciation he kept hidden as it wasn’t necessary to show it. I didn’t believe him.’ Pam paused for reflection. ‘He drowned, you know.’
‘I didn’t know. I’m sorry to hear that.’
‘It was his own fault. He went swimming in the sea when told not to and got into trouble. He always could be a bit pig headed.’
‘That’s terrible.’
‘At his funeral I had the florist make up a wreath in the shape of a life jacket. I got the impression some people thought that was in poor taste, but I told them – it’s what Charlie would have wanted. Hopefully, at last that would have brought a genuine smile to his face on the Otherside.’
Kevin eyed her suspiciously. ‘Pam, are you kidding me?’
‘No, sadly, it is true. No abandoned towel on the beach and turning up with a fake ID in Australia six-months later. Well, not as far as I know, unless the coffin was full of bricks.’
‘A sad way to go. I’m amazed you can stay so upbeat.’
‘I’ve got the family and loads of other activities to keep me busy and take my mind off it. Next month is the anniversary of his death – it’ll be six-years.’
It put Kevin’s current difficulty into perspective – all he had to worry about was an aggravating person potentially disrupting his life.
‘My advice,’ Pam said finally. ‘Just ignore the other woman, put her out of your mind and concentrate on the girl you like. Try to actually speak to her, not this ridiculous email nonsense. I guarantee five-minutes on the phone or face to face will tell you more about how she feels than a hundred emails. And for God’s sake, if you get her telephone number, don’t use it to text or Whatsapp – talk. You know, that old fashioned method of communication. It’s been around for quite a while now and is useful.’

He could rely on Pam to embolden him and put a smile on his face with her no nonsense approach to life.
While working that day, for the most part he managed not to stew on the unpleasant ‘what if’ and ‘maybe’ Emma scenarios, but focused on Collette and how he should approach her to redeem himself. Whether it was Pam’s advice or the change in dynamic, strangely now he had no hesitation in asking Collette straight out for her telephone number. Unlike his previous emails, where he had hedged around not wishing to appear pushy or forward – he intended to send her an email with a direct request.
That evening he sat at the computer with trepidation fearing the torrent of new emails in the spam folder. The page loaded and he couldn’t help but glance at the side bar – he expected it to contain a few more, but now there were fifty-six. Jeez. It was ridiculous. She must realise none of them had been read and aren’t likely to be – why does she continue on with it?
Kevin had been fortunate during his life not to have to deal with anyone close to him with mental health issues. Naturally he had heard people talk of it in the third person about a relation or a friend of a friend who suffered from depression, a nervous breakdown or even in a jokey way, a mad uncle perhaps who had to be put away because he thought he was Napoleon. But being confronted directly by it was intimidating. If you are used to having interactions with people that are sensible and logical, who respond likewise, it was hard to understand the irrational, a mind that doesn’t process information as ‘normal’ people do and perceives the world differently, skewed from reality, perhaps even violently so.
He wanted to delete them, if only so they weren’t in his face as a constant reminder. Yet somehow they felt toxic, something you dare not even go near like poisons marked with a skull & crossbones. And what if he did delete the contents of the folder, another batch would replace them as soon as not.
In the email to Collette, Kevin didn’t faff about like he normally did, but went straight for it.

Hi Collette,
Good to hear from you.
This is a bit awkward, but I need to explain something about the other night. It is quite complicated so I really need to talk to you on the phone about it.
I appreciate you’re not in a good place right now with your mum and everything, but if you can find time, I’d like your advice and hopefully have the chance to clear up a misunderstanding.
If you would prefer to call me, here’s my number 07 . . . 

Kevin signed it off and hit send. Now he had to wait.


19


The days ticked by, but the phone never rang. Nor had Collette replied. Although post-wise his spam folder had begun to bulge like Lynn’s ‘Bag for Life’.
He had never given it any thought before, but surely, if an email source was marked has spam, why does the provider bother to send them through in the first place? Just in case those you have consistently marked as undesirable and have never been read might somehow suddenly become invaluable, your life not complete without them? It didn’t make sense to Kevin.
The weather had turned. For the end of June it was unseasonably cold, and wet. He blamed Wimbledon. It was as if the Gods had their little bit of fun at that time of the year watching tennis fans sit around under umbrellas – the glum disappointed looks on their faces, shivering as they ate the soggy strawberries and cream on Murray Mound waiting for the skies to clear and the matches to begin. Kevin wasn’t at Wimbledon, but it was no more fun for him squelching through the puddles.
The rain turned the soil in neat flowerbeds into cloying mud that was impossible to work on. His powerful mower still cut with ease the sodden grass but at the cost of his proud immaculate finish – the wet made everything slippery and unwieldy as when humping heavy polythene bags of compost and sand. Tea and cake were never more welcome, offering the chance to briefly shelter from the elements under awnings and in porches. 
It been over a week since he sent the email to Collette and he had heard nothing. The weathered mirrored his mood and his name – Grim. Soaked through and with his skin wrinkled as if he had been in a hot bath all day, he clocked off early. Having been saturated in water from the moment he began work, jumping into the shower when he arrived home was seemingly the last thing that was he needed, but if nothing else it warmed him through. June it maybe, but English weather had no regard for the convention of the supposed warmer summer months.
It was impossible to resist taking a glance at the computer – in the hope Collette had come back to him.
As sad as it was, he always got a burst of excitement when he saw Collette had sent a message.

Hi Kevin
Hope you and your girlfriend are well.

That made him seethe. The anger wasn’t directed at Collette, but at Emma. Hatred was a strong word. He didn’t know Emma, so he could say he truly hated her as a person, only hating what she had done.

Unfortunately it seems as if the writer’s weekend is sold out. Luckily DS managed to secure places for me, Lynn, Tom and the doctor (DS as well obviously). Sorry about that.
I’m really looking forward to it after what’s happened – the hotel looks lovely. It is real olde worlde like something out of an Agatha Christie novel. The gardens are fantastic – I don’t know if you are into gardening, but I really love it.
Kind regards
Collette.

Kevin stared at the screen open mouthed – she loved gardening! You couldn’t make it up, they had been made for each other. And now what had it come to – beige: ‘Kind regards’. He could have wept. Also, it became clear that Collette had no intention of opening a line of communication by phone.
That was it – the dream was over. He had been here before, but even in those dark times he always retained the tiniest hope that it would all come good in the end. Now even that was gone. At that moment he felt very alone. It wasn’t something he could confide in his buddies over, John and Greg, old school pals, both married, unhappily – if you took their constant gripes on face value and their often professed desire to be single again – and certainly not his mother. Pam had become his go-to relationship guru but he had probably worn out his welcome. She really did have better things to do with her time rather than listen to him bemoaning the train wreck of his life, especially after the real tragedy she had suffered with the loss of her husband.
It was something he could never do – counselling. Day after day listening to people complaining that life had bitten them on the arse – often through no fault of their own, but often because of the misapprehension that life was fair and the prevailing expectation in this modern world that theirs was going to be seemingly as perfect and trouble free as the glitzy celebrities whose glossy magazine lifestyles they aspired to.
What would Pam say: ‘You give up too easily.’ ‘In my day, men had to be persistent to show their sincerity and commitment.’ ‘You need to speak to her face to face.’
Had he given up too easily? He would argue he hadn’t, but there was a limit to the headway he can make with so many obstacles in the way. A fly hurtling itself against a window for hours on end demonstrates persistence, but that doesn’t make it any more sensible to carry on doing so. As for speaking face to face, what more can he do? He had put it out there, but seemingly Collette wasn’t interested.
No. As much as he loved Pam, in retrospect, her advice and the uplift she always gave him had run its course. It was time to wallow in his misery, get it out of his system and then he will bounce back like he always had in the past.
With his passion to be a writer having evaporated, he must put all his focus back into his first love – gardening. Plants don’t give you grief or let you down. They don’t stress you out or make you hanker for the unobtainable. They were straight forward and were what they were – there’s no game playing with plants, having to gather cryptic clues as to what their true intentions are. Admittedly, no amount of hybridisation was going to produce a grandchild acceptable to his mother and the Grimm family line will have come to the end of the road. Unlike the dodo, he doubted the world will shed a tear, lamenting its passing, embalm him and put him on show in a glass case, or even notice. It was the natural order of things – Darwinian – the survival of the fittest, or more specifically the survival of those who were attractive to the opposite sex against those who weren’t – those last in the queue and ultimately those who were just footnotes in the human story.
The wallowing had begun. It cannot be short circuited by false hope – it had to run its course. If he had a flag he would have lowered it to half-mast until it was the appropriate time to hoist it again signaling that the old Kevin was back.
If only to partially alleviate the gloom, he decided to check-out Collette’s comments about the writer’s venue having superb gardens. Like men who buy motoring magazines only to drool over the unattainably expensive cars, Kevin did the same with gardening books. The hotel’s landscaped grounds might, in a modest way, give him inspiration for future projects.
Because the hotel wasn’t named, finding it was going to be by a process of elimination. Google was adept at piecing together random scraps of information: Country-Hotel-Near-Brighton-Spectacular-Gardens.
Too efficient in a bulk matching sense as it turned out. He was never going to be able to identify it from the vast numbers it had thrown up – most of which were just adverts for hotels in general, while many others that considered Brighton or even Britain not essential to the search criteria. He tried another tack: Writers Workshop Brighton Hotel.
Again another raft of adverts for random hotels almost anywhere in the world, but on the second page he found it. Unless by some outrageous coincidence there was another hotel near Brighton hosting an identical event that boasted having magnificent grounds, the location was the William Beaumont Manor House in North Chitton. It was an impressive ivy clad Georgian building which was approached by a long straight drive. To the building’s rear were the gardens – geometrically precise ornate features with magnificent topiary, fountains, carved stone bridges and statues vaguely reminiscent of those at Versailles, perhaps even laid out by the great man himself, Capability Brown. Kevin studied the pictures admiring the skill and dedication of the team responsible for its upkeep. Undoubtedly they were paid for their efforts, but also it was clearly a labour of love.
He clicked on the slide show to view more shots. Naturally, many were of the hotel itself, the ones you would expect like the elegant bedrooms, bar, dining room, the reception staff behind the desk with their corporate smiles etc., but the last half-a-dozen were dedicated to the exterior. Apart from the beautiful landscaping, there were a couple of images of the enticing outdoor pool – heated of course. Even in warmer Southern England, the climate was never suited to taking a pleasurable dip in anything other than a heated pool, unless you were confident that cold water shock wouldn’t give you instant hypothermia or a heart attack. And Kevin certainly would never be tempted with his history of such things. Even without the pull of the writer’s workshop, it still looked a stunning place to stay. Out of curiosity, Kevin checked out the room rates. The page popped up and to his surprise a banner at the top of the screen read: Writer’s Workshop Friday 9th to Monday 12th Special Rates – Places Still Available.
At the bottom of the page there was more information.
The William Beaumont is proud to be hosting for its 5th consecutive year the J J Jones Writer’s Workshop. Your 3 night stay, arriving Friday after midday and departing Monday morning, will include breakfast and an unlimited evening buffet, with a range of talks to suit all writers whatever their level of experience throughout the day and evening. The professional speakers will also be available for one to one sessions. Special all inclusive prices – £300 per person and reductions for multiple room occupancy.
For such a posh joint, Kevin didn’t think that was a bad price for what they offered, but he did suspect the website hadn’t been updated to confirm that it was sold out. It was misleading and might get a few people excited only to have their hopes dashed. Alternatively, there was always the possibility that there had been cancellations freeing a few spaces since DS first went on line – inevitably Tom for one. He opened the booking section. The hotel made it easy by providing a specific link for the three day workshop. After a slight hesitation, he inputted the request for a single room. In the circumstances, even the most optimistic person in the world wouldn’t have requested a double on the basis of – well you never know if you might get lucky – especially at a geeky writer’s conference. The hotel confirmed his booking request and took him to the payment section. So there was availability and he could book for the workshop weekend if he wanted to go. He was torn.
Kevin hated himself for it, and he tried to ignore it, but that tiny ember of hope that he thought had been extinguished was rekindled by the oxygen of just maybe. Deep down he must be a masochist or something – why put himself through the virtually guaranteed disappointment, which will cost him three-hundred quid, when he can avoid all that hassle and stay at home playing heartbreak songs on a loop, while happily bingeing on misery. That was the sensible, if depressing thing to do.
He shouldn’t give into the temptation. The quicker he got Collette out of his system the sooner he can move on.
It was pathetic. All sorts of compelling reasons sprung to mind as to why booking onto the course was an excellent idea and he should go for it, even if Collette didn’t feature in the equation: The magnificent gardens for one – which were a must see for him – plus he deserved a break after all the recent aggravation. The workshop package was Arts Council funded and a lot cheaper than if he stayed there independently – it would be silly to turn down a great deal and it might even reignite his passion for writing. And what a cracking part of the country.
Who was he kidding.
He contemplated going for one reason only. Hope was a terrible thing. Mankind might have been better off if we had been born without it – to eliminate the stress and anxiety it brings in the period between the fulfillment of a desire or despair. So, until they found a way of genetically modifying the species, Kevin was stuck with hope. He booked the room.

It was unfortunate for his ex-agony aunt, Pam that she popped up on Kevin’s work rota a couple of days later. Although Kevin believed he had mined the full treasure trove of her advice, it took no more than five-minutes to once again delve into that storehouse of worldly wisdom. She bore the burden of sorting out Kevin’s life with selfless fortitude and in good humour.
‘Your love life’s not dull is it. You could write a soap opera about it.’
Kevin’s love life was dull, or non-existent in reality, but it was the emotional ups and downs of his hopes and dreams that were the white-knuckle ride.
‘There will probably be the usual problem of this guy, Derek getting in the way.’
‘Surely, they won’t be joined at the hip day and night?’
‘If DS had his way they would, and definitely at night and not only joined at the hip, if you know what I mean.’
‘If you were cunning, you would perhaps use a ruse to separate them. An anonymous phone call to the hotel to say his house is on fire or had been burgled.’
‘I think you can get into trouble for that sort of thing, Pam.’
‘Use a phone box, then they could never trace it back to you.’
‘The hotel probably records all the calls and someone might recognise my voice.’
‘Put a sock over the end of the phone – they’d never be able to tell who it was.’
‘Pam, you seem to have this all worked out – have you dark secrets you haven’t told me about? Plus, even if I considered doing it, what are the chances of finding a phone box that works nowadays, especially in the middle of nowhere?’
‘Okay, I understand you don’t want to go that extra mile for this girl, maybe the love of your life, but that’s fine.’
‘Not if it’s illegal. And I’m pretty sure our relationship wouldn’t survive the occasional prison visit.’
‘I didn’t realise you were such a goody two shoes.’
‘I’m not. But I don’t want to go to jail either.’
‘It would only be a prank call with no harm done – a mate playing a trick that’s all. You can’t be sent to prison for that surely?’
‘DS is definitely not a mate and I doubt he would see the funny side, especially if he knew it was me.’
Pam shrugged. ‘Well, you asked my advice.’
‘Which, as you know, I always appreciate, and you’re probably braver than I am, but I wouldn’t make a hoax call or blatantly hoodwink someone. If I am to win Collette over, I will do it by fair means not foul.’
‘Very worthy, and a tad Shakespearian if you don’t mind me saying.’
‘I am quite a romantic at heart.’
‘If this other man doesn’t have your Shakespearian sentiment you could lose out. All’s fair in love and war – isn’t that what they say?’
‘They say it, but I don’t think they mean it literally. You shoot people in a war – quoting that as an excuse if I shot DS wouldn’t exactly cut it with the police.’
‘They mean ruses, deceptions, misinformation, underhandedness, ruthlessness in achieving your goal.’
‘I’ll bear it in mind.’
‘Well, if you can get your rival out of the way for long enough, you can use your wit and charm to win her over.’
Kevin’s forehead creased into a sceptical frown. ‘I see three problems with that. Firstly that she will be sympathetic and understanding when I tell her about this lunatic “girlfriend” and the two others you mentioned – this presumed abundance of wit and charm.’ He sighed. ‘Who am I kidding, Pam? I’m punching well above my weight. Collette’s beautiful.’ 
‘But you are a beautiful person inside too. Remember that.’
‘Thank, Pam. That explains it. And I always thought there was something wrong with my mirror at home.’
‘See. You’ve got a great sense of humour.’
‘I hope Collette does too.’
Apart from Pam’s suggestion that he becomes some sort of scheming Bond villain to eliminate the opposition, he still had no strategy, only misgivings that he was destined for the big ‘D’ – disappointment. But the room was booked and the non-refundable deposit paid – he was going even knowing the heartbreak and despair that will almost inevitably follow, and if for no other reason than he couldn’t resist an eat-as-much-as-you-like buffet – it beat his regular day to day fare of jacket spud topped with something not excessively covered in mold found at the back of the fridge.
Each time Kevin opened the laptop, he couldn’t face the unsettling number of emails that were screaming at him from the spam folder. So he finally relented and created a new email account. With a large dose of paranoia, not only did he use an alternative provider, but also, and unlike his old email address, he was careful to avoid any reference to his own name or that of his business as an extra layer of security to prevent scary Emma chancing upon it. He knew that was silly, but he could imagine her spending hour after hour sifting through different combinations of his old address trying to get a hit. He actually like the new address better: TheGardenGuy007@boohoo.com. The change also neatly gave him a neat excuse to contact Collette to update her. And in addition, Kevin now stating he was ‘The Garden Guy’, must surely create some sort of affinity between them.
Before the correspondence had cooled to ‘Kind regards’, beige, rather than a kiss, he wouldn’t have hesitated to let her know he was going along to the writer’s weekend. But now his unexpected attendance could work in his favour. Taking on-board some of Pam’s advice about being sneaky, turning up unannounced might wrong foot DS giving Kevin the opportunity to get to Collette before her shadow poked his nose in.

Hi Collette
I hope you are feeling not so down and you are back into your writing (if you are happy to, please still keep me updated on the progress of ‘Echoes’).
You will probably see I’m using a different email address – this is the one to contact me on from now onwards.
I’ve looked at the hotel and it seems fantastic – I’m sure it’ll be a great weekend. I hope it stays dry so the gardens can be appreciated.
Kevin


20


The little bit of skullduggery he planned excited him, raising his spirits more than he imagined. It was helped by having the new email address and no longer recoiling in dread from the tsunami of messages from Emma. And for once, the weather had stayed warm and dry, cheering him up enormously – once or twice he even found himself variously humming or singing at the top of his voice, which wasn’t like him at all, especially as he couldn’t hold a note. No one within earshot would have appreciated him slaughtering old favourites like, ‘Oh What a Beautiful Morning’ that not only would have had Rogers & Hammerstein turning in their graves, but also prompt a 999 call to the fire brigade on the assumption a pet shop was on fire.
Everyone was so much happier with the world when the sun came out, including him. Being well catered for by ‘His Ladies’ with tea and cake, who he was pleased to see were all in good form – the many maladies they suffered eased by the return of summer – the next few days slid by.
On Thursday evening he packed his case: Toothbrush, jimmy-jams, a couple of changes of underwear and a selection of smart shirts for day time and evening wear. He always travelled light, whether it was a night away or a two-week summer holiday abroad. As an afterthought he threw in his swimming trunks. 
He lived only two hour’s drive from the hotel, so there was no point rushing off at the crack of dawn. The earliest room check-in at three o’clock, but after twelve you were free to use the facilities. He planned to arrive just after lunch to have plenty of time to take in the magnificent grounds before settling into his room. Possibly even a swim if the weather was kind.
The drive was uneventful which freed his mind to contemplate how to turn the situation to his maximum advantage. He didn’t think of it as scheming as such, only being prepared. Some of those thoughts did veer dangerously close to Pam’s extreme tactics – the practicalities of hoaxing a phone call to the hotel to get DS out of the way wouldn’t be that hard. What he lacked though was personal information to make it convincing – DS’s home address for one thing. You can’t claim to be the police informing someone that there has been a burglary at their home if you were unable to confirm their address.
Scam callers, or dodgy emails give themselves away because the scammers don’t have specific information about the person they were hitting on: ‘Hi, this is your internet provider and we have detected a problem on your computer.’
‘Which computer is that, as I have three and two different WiFi set-ups?’
At that point they usually hang up and carry on with the random calls until they get a trusting older person who they can fleece.
That train of thought led him to realise that he knew so little about DS. Kevin had no idea what he did for a living, if he had any kids, or even if he was married. Kevin assumed he wasn’t, being so flagrant in his pursuit of Collette, but then again some men with big egos had no qualms in carrying on that way.
Kevin may have played around with the practicalities of making a prank call, but even if he had all the bases covered, he wouldn’t have had the nerve to follow it through. The strategy he had opted for was to strike immediately when he arrived before DS knew he was there.
He parked up in the hotel car park. Distracted by the Georgian splendour of the manor house and surrounding grounds, as he pulled his travel case from his boot it dislodged the parcel shelf that then dangled by a single cord. It was always happening – a terrible design. He reattached the shelf and then strolled towards the hotel with the case bobbling behind him on the gravel surface. He stopped for a moment to admire the building then made his way up the ornately carved stone steps and went into the reception.
He approached the desk. ‘Hi, I’m booked in on the writer’s workshop. I know I’m early, but I can’t wait to have a good look outside. This place is wonderful. I’d be happy just to pitch a tent to stay here.’
With a fixed professional smile the receptionist recorded Kevin’s details. He did shrink back when from her name badge he saw that she was called Emma and was around the same age with the same dark hair and styled not unlike scary Emma’s.
‘You’ll be able to get into the room by two-thirty, is that okay?’
‘Fine. Good for me.’ Kevin glanced over his shoulder. It was well before the official check-in time, but even so there seemed very few people around. ‘It’s such a nice day, I thought you’d be rammed already seeing as the course was booked out.’
‘Oh, no, not this year. We haven’t been able to fill all the spaces this time round. The workshop promoters are disappointed. There are only half the number we had a year ago. We’ve plenty of rooms available.’
 ‘Oh, right, I was told it was fully booked.’
DS had obviously lied to Collette to keep Kevin away.
‘Nowhere near.’ The receptionist took a moment to check her computer screen. ‘I shouldn’t do this really, but would a double suit you better – there’s a lot more space than a single room. I can upgrade you for free.’
Kevin was taken aback by her generosity. ‘Well, yes. That’ll be great, if that’s okay – and it won’t get you into trouble.’
‘I can handle the boss – he’s quite a good guy. It’ll be room thirty-six. I’ll have it ready for you when you return, but in the meantime here’s the agenda for the weekend so you can plan which talks you want to attend.’ The plastic professional smile was replaced by a genuine one. ‘So, you’re a writer, presumably – what sort of stuff do you write?’
He laughed. ‘Rubbish normally – not intentionally, but that seems to be the general consensus.’
‘I’m sure it’s not.’
‘Actually, they do have a point.’ He laughed again.
‘Perhaps this weekend will be money well spent then. Enjoy your stay here.’
‘The room – that’s really nice of you to do that.’
‘I don’t mind for nice people.’
‘I bet in your job you have to deal with some right whatsits who never stop complaining?’
She leant forward and whispered, ‘There’s some here today already – don’t say I haven’t warned you.’
Kevin smiled. ‘I’ll be back later.’

For Kevin, the magnificent grounds were worth the price of the weekend alone. He sat at the various stone benches dotted around the grounds taking in the different aspects and themes of each section, all of which took his breath away with the care and artistry involved. He wasn’t going to be short of new ideas if a new landscaping project came his way.
The walled kitchen garden was the most relaxing location. Shielded from the light breeze, it was a natural sun trap. Kevin had fallen in love with this place.
He took a moment from his appreciation to retrieve the weekend’s agenda from his back pocket. The three day workshop commenced with a welcome meeting at five o’clock and then a talk on ‘Setting the Tone’ at six-thirty, followed by the evening buffet. He checked his vintage watch inherited from his father that was still going strong after sixty-years and continued to shine brightly at night courtesy of its radium dial. Although, with radium having a half-life of sixteen-hundred years, he would have been unlucky if it didn’t. It was three o’clock.
He made his way back towards the hotel reception. What had become a circular route took him passed the outdoor pool. Sunbeds and tables and chairs were invitingly laid out around the pool side. With a glass of something cold in your hand there would be no finer place to sit and admire the surroundings. The weather was warm, but not sunbathing warm, so it was no surprise to see the absence of guests taking advantage of the facility. In fact judging by the mirror smooth pool water that didn’t have the tiniest ripple upon it, no one had taken advantage of it for some time. Kevin then saw the sign: Pool Out of Order. That puzzled him. What can go wrong? It looked fine. It certainly didn’t look as though it needed to be closed for cleaning – from the clear, ice-blue water to the patio area surround, it was surgically clean. All he could think of was perhaps that it needed chemical treatment.
A member of the hotel staff walked by and observed Kevin scratching his head.
‘The pool heater’s not working. Sorry about that. It might be summer, but personally I wouldn’t chance sailing on the Titanic in that,’ the young man chuckled as he strolled off.
Kevin tested it for himself. He knelt down and dipped his hand in. There was a second’s delay before the cold bit. It was like putting your hand in the Arctic Ocean – he assumed anyway, as he had never put a toe in the water any further north than Scarborough. And that was bad enough, as it nearly killed him.
The North Sea was never the warmest body of water in the world and as a skinny eleven year old he discovered the effect of plunging straight into the icy waves – almost instantly being dragged out again with his heart having virtually stopped. So feint was his pulse that the lifeguards began administering CPR believing he was in cardiac arrest – ‘We thought we needed an undertaker,’ as his father put it so graphically. But within minutes he was up and about playing football on the beach as if nothing had happened. Even though he was older, fitter and stronger, he was wary ever since and nothing would induce him to take a cold shower or jump into an unheated pool.
That the pool was off limits was a right bummer. What he had been looking forward to was a naked midnight swim with Collette. His imagination pissed him off sometimes, torturing him with erotic adolescent fantasies. In reality, the best he could hope for was building a relationship between them was still a possibility despite of scary Emma’s lies.


21


He approached the reception desk. Hotel Emma greeted him with a warm smile and a twinkle in her eye.
‘You decided to stick around and come back then?’
‘I thought I might as well, seeing as I’ve paid for it.’
‘So, here’s your key card. Thirty-six is on the first floor. There’s a lift if you can’t manage the stairs.’
‘I’ll see how it goes. If I get in trouble I’ll let you know.’
‘Always here to help.’
The room was great. There was a carved walnut framed bed with a matching wardrobe and dressing table desk, above which incongruously was a flashy wall-mounted flat screen TV. Naturally, as probably ninety-nine percent of people do when they enter their room for the first time, he immediately jumped on the bed to test the mattress for comfort. Even with both arms stretched out he couldn’t touch the sides – it had to be a super king-size.
The decor was very tasteful in keeping with the age of the manor house and had what appeared to be the original shuttered windows. The floorboards creaked a bit but that was only to be expected, and was part of the charm. He would expect to creak a bit too if he was as old as that place. In contrast was the ultra-modern en-suite with touch screen controls on all the gleaming sanitary-ware and a high-tec Smart mirror, like a giant I-pad with voice activation. The mirror did everything a computer did, but for all its wizardry, Kevin’s reflection in it was no better looking.
He had fallen on his feet this time. He should buy hotel Emma a small token to show his appreciation.
By the time he had unpacked the few items he had stuffed into his case, played around with the TV, then the shower controls to see how it works and as always soaking a shirt sleeve in the process, it was four o’clock. There was an hour to kill before the welcome meeting.
Should he go down to the reception to see if Collette had checked-in yet and get her room number? Sitting on the side of the bed, once more he was consumed by doubt. What made him think Collette would care a toss about his tangled love life or immediately fall into his arms once she knew the real story? What if the likelihood of a real relationship developing between them was, and always had been, just ridiculous wishful thinking? He was well over ten years older than her and he had no illusions about being a great catch. All the leg work had been his so far with not the slightest sign of Collette’s interest in him as being anything other than on a friendly basis.
What would Pam say if she was here?
‘You’ll never know until you try.’ ‘Have a little more faith in yourself.’ ‘What have you got to lose?’
It would be a mightily long weekend if he made a right fool of himself at the outset. So, should he wait, perhaps until Sunday, or even Monday morning? Procrastination was the enemy of success. One of Kevin’s school teachers had told him that and he never forgot it. Not that he always followed that sage advice when unsure of himself, his reticence drawing heavily on the adage, ‘Only fools rush in.’ Then again he didn’t have the luxury of hanging around hoping for the right moment. Once DS knew Kevin was in the hotel, DS won’t let her out of his sight.
It was now or never.
He approached the reception desk and saw on the counter a familiar sight that brought a smile to his face – a copy of ‘The Needle & The Trowel’. Dr Gardner was irrepressible.
‘Hi,’ said Kevin to hotel Emma.
‘Oh, hello. Come to complain about the room?’ she teased.
‘No, that’s fantastic. Thank you very much.’ Kevin nodded towards the book. ‘You bought a copy of the doctor’s reminiscences? Did he mention how much he loved Kenya?’
Hotel Emma smiled and rolled her eyes. ‘Did he ever. A nice man, but . . .’
‘We’re members of the same writer’s circle.’
‘Oh, I’m sure he’s a lovely man, I didn’t mean–– ’
Kevin held up his hand. ‘You don’t have to apologise. He does go on about it quite a lot. And that’s why I’m here. He was travelling with four others in the group – have they all checked-in?’
‘He arrived with three people. Maybe the fourth is still on their way?’
‘Was one a red-haired girl?’
‘Yep, she’s here.’
Kevin hesitated. ‘Hey, are you able to let me know her room number? Is that allowed?’
‘I don’t see why not.’ Hotel Emma checked her computer screen. ‘She’s in room thirty-nine – second floor. Not the doctor, but the other chap she was with, Mr Staines, insisted he had the room next to hers and was quite adamant about it, even when I told him it wasn’t available. But I managed to switch things around and he went away happy. Is he her dad or step-dad or something? He seems quite protective of her.’
Kevin’s face broke into a smile. ‘No. Not exactly.’ DS wouldn’t have taken too kindly to being thought that, but Kevin had enjoyed it immensely. Amusing as it was, DS being in the adjoining room to Collette could be a problem. He had stayed in old hotels before and not being purpose built to modern standards, the sound proofing of the rooms was often non-existent. Kevin may have been unlucky with the room he had been allocated and maybe others in the hotel were far superior, but he could clearly hear every word of the conversation of a couple in the adjoining room. It was likely Collette’s was no better and if DS overheard them talking he would be in Collette’s room like a shot. He needed to get to speak to her when DS wasn’t around.
Knowing he had a single throw of the dice, Pam’s cunning must have rubbed off on him. He wasn’t proposing anything as dramatic as making a hoax call claiming DS’s house was on fire, but maybe if DS was called away to sort out a query at the reception, Kevin could make his move. He will suggest to Collette that they take a stroll in the grounds so Kevin can set the record straight regards scary Emma without DS interfering. Pam would be so impressed with his scheming.
Only then would he get some idea if Collette had any feelings towards him, which could range between: Thank you for sharing that with me, but it’s so weird to think that an ugly, boring bastard like you has a stalker. I wish you good luck with the rest of your life as a sad old bachelor – to the other extreme of – Kevin marry me now, I absolutely adore you and I was so looking forward to our naked midnight swim. There was only one way to find out. 
‘The guys in my circle – are they in their rooms, do you know?’
‘I haven’t seen them come down, but I can call up and check for you.’
‘No. That’s okay,’ Kevin said quickly. He didn’t want DS tipped-off he was there. He needed a few minutes to formulate a plan. ‘I’ll just take a look around. The conference room and bar are that way?’
‘Yep, through the lobby. You can’t miss them.’
He walked through to the bar area. Kevin nearly burst out laughing when he saw a copy of The Needle & The Trowel sitting on the bar. The doctor was a legend. The young barman stood cleaning glasses holding each one to the light ensuring there were no imperfections. It passed the time until it got busy later when the guests gathered to converse over a drink. Even though young, a key element of his job, that weekend in particular would be to employ all his people skills – to put an arm around the social misfits and solitary creatures that many writers are who needed their fears numbing with alcohol before overcoming their terror of communicating face to face with their fellow human beings.
In the far corner was possibly one such individual, who by the size of his gut was no stranger to a pint or eight. Checking-in must have proved thirsty work having to lug a suitcase and that stomach around. It was only with a second glance that Kevin thought he looked familiar. He resisted staring, but as the man raised his glass to take a drink, it revealed his arm with a sleeve of tattoos from wrist to shoulder – it was the irate man from the supermarket car park.
‘Shit! It can’t be!’ Kevin quickly turned away to avoid being seen and scuttled through to the adjoining conference room. ‘This will be a fun weekend with that lunatic around.’
Kevin couldn’t believe it. If there was a god of coincidence, it was taking the piss.
If nothing else that settled what Kevin had to do. If it meant leaving the workshop earlier than planned to avoid trouble, then so be it. He fell into one of the conference room chairs to consider his next move. Looking at the neat rows of seats, the room probably held around fifty people. Assuming the place was filled during the talks, Kevin would be just another face in a crowd, but should he bump into him elsewhere in the building it might prove a different story.
After the initial shock of seeing the tattooed guy, Kevin calmed down, realising he was probably worrying about nothing. Tattoo man must have moved on from the unfortunate event and maybe now he even had a good laugh about it.
If he was still aggrieved, the way bright sunlight can reflect off a windscreen, tattoo man was unlikely to have had a clear sight of Kevin behind the wheel of his car. Also, as improbable as it was for tattoo man to have been at the hotel that weekend, the same applied to Kevin – the supermarket incident happened eighty miles away. Even if Kevin looked vaguely familiar, there was no reason to link him to what happened.
There had been occasions when Kevin had bumped into neighbours in High Street and he didn’t immediately register who they were for the same reason. In his mind, he didn’t associate them existing anywhere other than over the garden fence or on the doorstep.
Kevin re-entered the bar and fought the impulse to glance over to the seated figure. He didn’t want tempt fate and risk jogging tattoo man’s memory. Kevin strode briskly back into the reception area.
‘What do you think?’ asked hotel Emma.
‘Yeah, yeah, it’s good. The building and the grounds are fantastic. You’re lucky to work here.’
‘Most of the time.’
Kevin approached the desk. ‘I don’t suppose the guys in my circle have come down yet?’
‘We’ve had a couple more people check-in, but I haven’t seen your friends.’
As an awful liar, Kevin hoped his nose didn’t grow too much when he asked, ‘Mr Staines – did he speak to you about special dietary requirements?’
‘Oh, let me double check.’ Hotel Emma peered at the screen. ‘There’s nothing here.’
‘I think it will be worth clarifying with him. People can be offended if they’re vegans or have allergies.’
‘Absolutely.’
‘Derek – Mr Staines doesn’t really like making a fuss about things. If you call him in his room, best not mention why you want to see him or that it was me who suggested it. And I suppose if he’s there now you’ll catch him – it’ll give the chefs plenty of time to prep food if needed.’
Kevin hated deceiving hotel Emma, although it may not be untrue. With DS being such a twat, it wouldn’t surprise Kevin if he kicked off about the buffet spread in some way, puffing out his chest to show Collette what a big man he was and he wasn’t to be toyed with.
‘No. We don’t want any more fuss with Mr Staines, do we,’ said hotel Emma with a hint of a smile. ‘I’ll call him now.’
Pam will get Kevin into trouble. She had rewired his thinking into sneaky mode. He hovered by the lift seemingly to check his phone, but in reality it was to eavesdrop the conversation. She called up DS’s room.
‘Oh, hi. Mr Staines this is Emma on reception. Are you able to come down to the desk there’s something I need to clarify with you?’ She nodded. ‘. . . you’re coming down straight away, great. And you would prefer it if I called you DS. Yes, no problem.’
Kevin shook his head and mouthed, ‘Twat,’ under his breath. He opened the lift doors and stepped in. The doors closed behinds him with a ping. He pushed ‘Hold’ on the control panel. The lift was now effectively put out of action for servicing the upper floors. The poor sound insulation worked in Kevin’s favour. A couple of minutes later, he heard the descent of footsteps on the stairs adjacent to the lift, the footsteps then passed by the lift doors. That was Kevin’s signal to go for it. He hit ‘2’ on the control panel and the lift began to rise. Within moments the doors slid back. Kevin stepped out onto the second floor landing. Room thirty-nine was to his right. He counted the numbers down until he had reached Collette’s door. He hesitated and took a deep breath.
‘Come on old son, you’ve got this far. Don’t bottle it now,’ he said quietly.
He raised his arm to knock just at the moment the doctor appeared from a room four doors down.
He had a moment of confusion. ‘Ah, hello, dear boy. I was told you couldn’t make it.’
Kevin slumped deflated as though a stopper had been pulled out of his chest. This wasn’t how he planned it to be at all.
‘Oh, hi doctor,’ he said with a sigh. ‘I was checking how Collette was.’
‘She seems a bit perkier.’
Collette must have heard familiar voices in the corridor.
Her door swung open. ‘Kevin! I didn’t expect to see you here.’
He shrugged. ‘They had vacancies after all.’
‘DS said he emailed you to say there were. A big party cancelled apparently. He said he didn’t get a reply so he thought you weren’t interested.’
DS didn’t email him, not on the new email anyway. ‘I don’t look at my old address any more, maybe he sent it there.’
‘Look, I don’t know how you are fixed, dear boy, but Collette and I are going to take a walk around the grounds – you’re welcome to come along.’ The doctor glanced towards Collette for her consent – although, technically that was a bit late. Kevin was only too aware that her reaction will be significant.
She turned to Kevin – her expression was impossible to read. ‘Will your girlfriend want to come too?’
‘No,’ Kevin snapped angrily, but apologised instantly. Any reference to scary Emma now had that effect on him. ‘Look, sorry, it’s something I need to explain.’ Kevin wasn’t sure he was going to like the answer to his question. ‘Is DS coming too?’
‘Allergic rhinitis – hay fever,’ said the doctor. ‘I’ve recommended some treatment, but Derek isn’t keen.’
‘Shame.’ Kevin couldn’t have made that sound less heart-felt if he tried.
‘Did you know, hay fever is almost unknown in Kenya. It’s their outdoor lifestyle.’
‘And probably a lack of hay,’ said Kevin.
Collette smiled at his quip. It was a cheap crack, but her reaction gave him a warm fuzzy feeling like a rookie stand-up comedian whose routine had received its first laugh on stage.
As the three of them strolled along the gravel paths that wove between the displays, Kevin resisted the urge to go all Monty Don and start identifying the plants by their Latin names. But he was keen to demonstrate his love of horticulture, which was genuine, but primarily intended to impress Collette.
‘Look at the way these guys here have mixed varieties together so their colours are complementary and show each plant to its greatest effect. And there’s not a weed in sight – it just shows the care that’s taken with every flower bed and border. It’s a monumental task keeping them as well maintained as they are.’
‘You must be into serious gardening? Is your girlfriend into it as well?’ she asked.
He hadn’t yet revealed his little secret about what he did for a living, but yet another reference to scary Emma jarred. Kevin bit his tongue.
‘My wife’s the gardener in our house,’ said the doctor. ‘I like looking at the things, but even if I go near one it’ll be stone dead the next day.’
The irony wasn’t lost on Kevin – someone called Gardner sounds as if he should be the last person to have a proverbial ‘Brown Thumb’ when it came to cultivating plants. Kevin hoped the doctor wasn’t that jinxed when dealing with his patients.
Kevin hadn’t noticed before, but both the side pockets in the doctor’s jacket were bulging. He looked closer and realised there was a copy of The Needle & The Trowel in each one. The doctor was prepared for a sales opportunity even in the most unlikely of places.
Kevin turned to Collette ignoring her remark about ‘his girlfriend’. ‘Do you just appreciate them or are you an active gardener?’
‘Both really, I suppose. I love flowers around the house. It’s the smell and they make everything feel cheerful and happy. Before mum got really ill, I used to help her quite a bit in our garden and I really enjoyed it and want to do a lot more, but in the last six-months it’s gone a bit to rack and ruin having to look after her.’
Kevin could barely contain himself. He was ready to explode wanting to tell her what he did for a living and that he will happily volunteer to be her garden saviour free of charge. What he desperately needed first was five minutes alone with Collette.
The doctor came to an abrupt halt. A member of the ground staff minding his own business working a flower bed in the distance came onto his radar.
‘Carry on you two. I’m just popping over there for a moment.’
Yep. A legend, thought Kevin, not only for his relentless drive for sales, but also for giving him the perfect opportunity to speak to Collette alone.
They carried on walking for a moment before Kevin said, ‘Can I explain something to you?’
 The serious tone in his voice should have been a good indication that it wasn’t regarding the plants, but she hadn’t picked up on it.
‘What about?’
‘You mentioned that woman, Emma’
‘Your girlfriend?’
‘No–– ’
‘Cooee!’
They both turned around to see Lynn waving frantically at them tottering down the path in their direction. Kevin did a double take and groaned. Yet again the gods were conspiring against him. Perhaps they were telling him that he and Collette getting together was never meant to be. Amazingly, he saw Lynn had the stuffed ‘Bag for Life’ with her, clinging onto it like a child’s comfort blanket.
‘Have I missed much?’ asked Lynn.
‘It’s beautiful, isn’t it,’ said Collette. ‘Kevin was just telling me about his girlfriend.’ 
‘No, I–– ’
The doctor strode back. ‘Damned decent chap. They are such splendid people in this hotel.’
‘Oh, good for you, Henry. Hopefully more people will buy a copy tonight. Although in my experience writers are a mean bunch. Do you remember, last year, I couldn’t persuade any of them to buy a single copy of my anthology of poems that I’d specially had printed and made into a calendar – that was for charity too – the cat’s home was most disappointed. The pictures were all wonderful rescue cats as well.’
Kevin reckoned if she had stuck to just a cat calendar she might have had a few takers.
‘Why aren’t you trying selling the calendars again this year?’ said Kevin with a broad grin.
Both the doctor and Lynn gave him a bemused look, Collette seemed to get it.
‘But it is last year’s calendar – it won’t be of any use,’ said Lynn.
Kevin’s dry sense of humour wasn’t always appreciated by those who didn’t know him.
‘Sorry. I was joking.’
Explaining that you were trying to be funny never made anyone double-up with laughter after the event. At best they accepted the jester wasn’t a complete fool.
‘I’ve still got them at home – a box of them.’ She turned to the doctor. ‘Henry, you’re a clever man. How many years will it take before those days and dates match up again?’
Without batting an eye, the doctor replied instantly, ‘About eleven years, depending on when the leap years fall.’
Kevin was impressed. The doctor rose in his estimation.
‘Oh, that’s a shame,’ said Lynn wistfully. ‘All the cats will probably be dead and gone – and so will I.’
Collette glanced at her watch. ‘We mustn’t get carried away with the time – the welcome meeting’s at five.’
Disappointed, but accepting for the time being, the moment had past to speak to Collette, Kevin attempted to inject a lighter note to counter Lynn’s gloomy prediction. ‘If you brought your swimming cossies with you, you’ll have wasted your time – the pool’s out of order. I was looking forward to a midnight swim.’
Lynn gasped. ‘Oh, you mustn’t. That’s so dangerous.’
‘Fatal,’ agreed the doctor, shaking his head. ‘Alcohol, tiredness and water – absolutely fatal.’
‘Oh, I don’t know,’ said Collette. ‘Sounds like it might have been fun for you and your girlfriend.’
‘She’s not–– ’
‘We need to get back. I’d like to smarten up a bit before we go to the welcome meeting,’ said the doctor, turning on his heels and marching off.
‘Poor, Tom,’ said Lynn. ‘He said he would have loved to come, but he twisted his ankle a couple of days ago.’
Kevin began to wonder if Tom actually existed of if he was an invisible friend.
Collette and Lynn walked back towards the hotel side by side, deep in conversation. It left Kevin trailing behind ruing the stolen opportunities to set the record straight for want of five minutes alone with Collette.
Having the same idea as the doctor, to dump coats and have a quick brush-up, the others, all those clustered in rooms on the second floor, headed to the lift, while Kevin made for the stairs.
When they re-entered the building there was no one on reception, but Kevin was halfway up when he was called back.
‘Mr Grimm.’
He swung round. Hotel Emma was back on station.
‘Mr Grimm,’ she repeated.
Kevin loved his dad. He was kind and loving, but firm and no child could have asked for a better parent to bring him up the right way, and he hated thinking it, but often he wished his mother had married someone with a decent name – Smith, Jones, Brown, even at a push, Bloggs – hearing ‘Grimm’ broadcast in public like that only emphasised its grating cringeworthiness, and there wasn’t even a brother to share the misery with.
Kevin trotted back down the stairs.
‘Are you allowed just to call me Kevin – I’d prefer that.’
‘Oh, crikey. I’d need to get approval at board level.’
‘I won’t tell if you don’t.’
‘Deal.’ Her face took on a more serious expression. ‘Joking aside. One of our guests reported seeing your car in the car park and wanted to know who the owner was.’
Kevin froze. Instantly he realised who that might be. Shit! His car – it hadn’t occurred to him that tattoo man would recognise the bloody thing. He must have committed to memory the registration number, as otherwise Kevin’s car was an anonymous type, mass produced in their tens of thousands by one of the big manufacturers.
‘I wouldn’t say – data protection and all that,’ said hotel Emma. ‘I didn’t get the impression he was a friend or anything – he seemed, you know – a little uptight. I may be wrong though. Was that right not to say anything?’
‘Did he have tattoos?’ It was hard to believe such an aggressive oaf had any literary spark to waste money on a writer’s weekend.
‘All down one arm.’
Kevin could have kissed her – actually, he wouldn’t have minded kissing her anyway even if she hadn’t saved him from a lot of aggravation. She was a very attractive woman and the classy perfume she wore was seductive. He could have stood there all day just taking in that alluring fragrance. He felt bad about having such thoughts – being unfaithful, if only in his mind, to his one true love, Collette. But he had no control over the inner beast, which in his case was normally as rampant as a pussycat.
‘No. That’s brilliant. I’m so pleased you didn’t.’
She cocked her head sideways just enough to show she was intrigued. Kevin was on the spot. She deserved an explanation. But to do himself justice it had to be the whole story, as the abridged version of him knocking over the guy’s shopping would sound like Kevin was just an arsehole involved in a supermarket row. As though held in a tractor beam, hotel Emma curious expression meant it was impossible to leave it at that.
‘It’s a long story. But he’s a bit unhappy with me.’
‘Sounds interesting.’
‘I’m sure you wouldn’t want to hear it.’
‘Oh, I don’t know – I like interesting stories.’
Kevin’s eyes flicked towards The Needle & The Trowel still sitting on the counter. With apologies to the doctor, even a stripped-down account of Kevin’s travails would probably make a better read than his Kenyan memoir.
He checked his watch. ‘Look, I’d better go. The meeting starts in ten minutes. I need to change.’
But even as he said it, he realised something was happening he had no control over. He actually didn’t want to leave, he wanted to stay and talk to hotel Emma, be in her company, just look at her. It was an unexpectedly powerful sensation that he tried to resist threatening as it did the feelings he had for Collette.
‘Well maybe when you’ve got more time,’ said hotel Emma.
Kevin turned to go up the stairs. ‘In the meanwhile, if you can keep him off my back it’ll be brilliant. I’ll buy you a bottle or something.’
‘Or buy me a drink sometime, depending on how you are fixed?’
Kevin stopped mid-stride. His mouth opened to reply, but no words came out. He then bolted up the steps.
In his room he robotically changed into a new shirt and put on a smart pair of shoes. His head was all over the place and he didn’t like himself for it. He tried to push to the back of his mind what had occurred downstairs, superimposing them with thoughts of the beautiful Collette, but the moment he let his guard down hotel Emma was back, and he couldn’t help it, but it felt good. Sometimes there was no reason for it, but two people just clicked – they had made a connection and it unsettled him and confused him as to what his true feelings towards Collette were.
He held his head in his hands. ‘Pam, where are you when I need you?’
At that moment he wished the room had a minibar. The tiny little bottles of spirit were ridiculously expensive, but he would have suffered that. He didn’t usually rely on a bottle for the solutions to his problems, but just occasionally a stiff drink helped order the contradictory voices in his head.
With his prolonged navel gazing, time had run away with him. It was gone five already and so he was late for the start of the meeting. He needed to get going, but how should he react to hotel Emma when passing through the reception area. To avoid the issue, he briefly considered seeking an alternative route – a back entrance maybe? But he didn’t have the time to wander round on the off chance of finding another way into the conference room. 
He wasn’t going to ignore her unless she had her head down dealing with another guest. The best bet was to hurry through with a smile and a wave, gesturing he was late.
Any other time he would have jumped at the chance to go for a drink with her, but after pouring all his hopes and dreams, time and effort into getting it together with Collette, he shouldn’t have been in the least tempted. Yet the connection he and hotel Emma had made in the last hour had turned his world on its head and made him doubt everything.
When it came to his love life, he didn’t latch onto any woman who fluttered her eyelashes at him – which wasn’t many, admittedly – as an opportunity to make a new conquest. For him attraction wasn’t just physical, unlike the instant animalistic nightclub-style appeal of style over substance, it had to be a meeting of minds, which sounded all rather idealistic, but that was the romantic in him. Even in that short time of speaking to hotel Emma she’d had that effect on him.
At the top of the stairs he took a deep breath. He virtually ran down the steps as though the hotel was on fire and bounded into the reception area. He glanced over to the desk ready to wave, but a new face stood behind it. He did a quick three-sixty, but hotel Emma was nowhere to be seen. He slowed to a stroll and headed towards the conference room.


22


The double doors to the conference room were closed. The notice outside confirmed what he expected: J J Jones Writer’s Workshop Welcome Meeting. He peered through one of the glass inserts. The room appeared full, nigh-on every seat taken. He opened the door as quietly as he could, so as not to disturb the proceedings. Just the other side of the door, a lady sat at a small fold-out table. Her acknowledgement was formal and stiff without warmth. Kevin nodded back then stood and listened to the speaker on stage for a few moments. He had missed ten minutes of the talk already in which the guy at the rostrum was running through the weekend’s agenda.
The lady sitting at the table motioned at Kevin to get his attention. She had a clipboard which she ran her finger up and down. Kevin took it and saw it was the list of delegates. He found where his name was listed and pointed to it. She reclaimed the clipboard and put a tick against it. She then held up a roll of white sticky address labels, pointed the pen at Kevin then handed it to him. He wrote ‘Kevin’ in block capitals, peeled the label off from the roll and slapped it on his chest above the breast pocket of his shirt.
Now he needed to find a seat – one that was accessible without disturbing all and sundry in the process. He scanned the rows. There appeared to be one in the dead centre of the room. No seat would inconvenience more people to get to than that one. If he was happy that everyone will hate him – arriving late and causing mass disruption – he should go for it. And knowing his luck, once he had fought his way through the ranks of disgruntled, harrumphing people, he would discover the seat wasn’t actually free, but occupied by some short arse, who hadn’t even had the decency to wear a hat or spike their hair to indicate the seat was taken. Such a vertically challenged individual was your best friend when they sat in front of you in a cinema, but when finding a seat at other times was a right pain. It was like being in a busy car park chasing down a space and spotting seemingly an empty bay in a prime position, only to discover a Smart car parked there. Theme parks have the right idea – a minimum height on rides, and so it should be on these occasions – hair gel or hats to be available on request.
He concluded it wasn’t worth the aggravation, especially as there was barely forty-five minutes of the meeting to run, so he decided to hear it out standing at the back of the room.
The lady distributing the top quality, sticky name tags bounced out of her chair and scurried over.
She leant towards him and hissed in his ear, ‘You must take a seat – it is fire regulations.’
Kevin glanced at her puzzled and whispered back, ‘Surely, I can just stand here. I’m not in the way of the door or anything.’
‘You must be sitting down – it’s the fire regulations and dangerous.’
Kevin wondered if the hotel’s health & safety concern over unseated delegates was that, if permitted to stand for any period, they might suddenly spontaneously combust.
‘There are no chairs,’ he hissed back.
‘Yes, but you can’t stand.’
Kevin studied her for a moment. Horn-rimmed glasses, a frumpy hairstyle – all the vogue with ladies of advanced years in the nineteen-seventies – and a hard unyielding face as though there was a permanent bad smell under her nose. She had to be a doctor’s receptionist moonlighting for a bit of extra cash.
Kevin was nothing if not cheeky. ‘Can I sit in your seat then?’
It was if he had propositioned her for sexual favours. ‘Absolutely not! They need someone on the door at all times.’
Kevin could have understood it if it was a red-carpet premier of a prequel to a sequel of a retrospective of part six of Star Wars, but a dull writer’s conference hardly needed security to prevent a mob from gate crashing.
Kevin gave up. The welcome meeting was offering the same information as the flyer he was handed at reception. He walked out. With three quarters of an hour to kill before the first talk on ‘Setting the Tone’, he wasn’t sure what to do with himself. Passing the time by having a drink in the bar was the obvious thing to do, but he was reluctant to do so before he had lined his stomach. Even a couple of pints before eating made him soppily lightheaded and his speech a little slurred. Returning to his room to watch TV had no appeal either. A disturbing thought then crossed his mind. If tattoo man had identified his car in the car park, what was to say he hadn’t taken his revenge with a bit of mindless vandalism. Then again, Kevin might be worrying about nothing – perhaps tattoo man had enquired about his car out of curiosity and not because he was still upset – perhaps he wanted to know who the owner was to shake their hand and apologise. Then again, perhaps not. Tattoo man didn’t strike him as a ‘turn the other cheek’ type of guy. He decided it was wise to see if his car was still in one piece.
He glanced over as he strolled through the reception area. Hotel Emma still wasn’t around. He exited through the main doors. It was a beautiful late afternoon, warm with puffs of white cotton wool cloud and the gentlest of breezes. It inclined him to take another tour of the grounds, but checking the car came first.
He didn’t approach it directly, but walked towards it on an oblique path keeping an eye out for anyone else in the car park, more specifically tattoo man. How unlucky would Kevin have been if tattoo man happened to be there at the exact same time and seen the car was Kevin’s – very unlucky, yes, but coincidence had been a bit of a bastard recently.
There were a couple of cars parked alongside his and there was no one in sight, but, with a touch of paranoia, he still circled it from a distance to ensure no one was crouched down between them lying in-wait.
He inspected the bodywork: No keyed envy stripes or doors kicked in. The windscreen wipers hadn’t suffered any origami and the wing mirrors pointed the correct way. All four tyres were inflated with no indication of foul play.
The car seemed fine, but it was always at risk while parked at the hotel. If tattoo man considered that there was still a score to settle and doesn’t discover Kevin identity to have it out in person, the car was an easy target for payback. But yet again, he needed to remind himself that none of these fears were really justified – they were the product of an over active imagination. He must try to simply enjoy the weekend, forget about tattoo man and maintain his focus on sorting things out with Collette.
Kevin wandered back towards the hotel and checked how long he had before ‘Setting the Tone’ was due to start. Thirty minutes didn’t leave long to take another look around the grounds.
Kevin considered his options. With the moderate evolution of his writing skills, perhaps ‘Setting the Tone’ was a little advanced for his primitive ability to string words together – so was it worth sitting through an hour of intellectual discourse that would only remind him how devoid of talent he was, especially as the writing mojo had left him? And that was assuming after playing musical chairs under the gimlet eye of the officious gate keeper that there was a chair for him to sit in.
He decided to pass on ‘Setting the Tone’. A good walk and fresh air will build up an excellent appetite for the buffet. He was pleased he did. There were arrangements he had missed on his first stroll and there were displays he appreciated even more second time around. Adjoining the kitchen garden there was a magnificent bed of roses – the deep rich colours and odours were sublime. He pulled out his phone to take a photo. He was framing the shot when he heard voices in the distance. In a topiary ahead he saw Emma the receptionist embracing one of the gardeners. He was youngish and looked around the same age as her. The gardener pecked her on the cheek.
Kevin stood and observed them, not in a voyeuristic way as the pair were only talking, and neither was he intent on overhearing their conversation as he was too distant. But he observed them in confusion.
Why was receptionist Emma openly flirting with Kevin when she had a boyfriend – and more than flirting, actually asking Kevin out for a drink. She didn’t seem like a woman of ill repute as his mother would say. Had Kevin once again misread the signals and assumed there was more to what had taken place than she intended? Had she suggested going for a drink as a throwaway line, a joke. Perhaps it was her way with the guests, and someone more sophisticated in the ways of hospitality, with the expectation of being made to feel special, would understand that she was simply indulging in a PR customer ego massage.
The world, or more precisely, people were far more complicated and impossible to work out than Kevin could handle. Even from that brief interaction with her, it had caused him to doubt his true feelings towards Collette. That doubt, now so easily exposed, disturbed him and wouldn’t now just go away because his head was in a spin due to his naivety.
Kevin sighed wistfully. It was only the first day, but the weekend was shaping up to be a real humdinger of disappointment, plus on top of it all there was the spectre of tattoo man. He headed back inside the hotel. There was nothing else for it – soppily lightheaded and a little slurry it was to be.
The young barman greeted him as he towelled yet another glass dry. There was either an endless stream of glasses emerging from the washer or the young man had been polishing the same pair for nearly two hours.
‘Hi, what can I get you?’ He seemed pleased to have custom.
Kevin sat on a bar stool and perused the row of beer pumps. The limited range was never going to compete with a decent pub, nor were the prices. Kevin was no connoisseur nor overly fussy. He preferred ales to lager, but the choice of beers, especially the cheapest, priced at six pounds a pint, was so uninspiring, and only ever purchased as a token by cheapskate party goers and never for their own consumption – the intention always being to neck the decent stuff that others brought along – that he decided upon cider. The barman set the brimming glass down on a beer mat, at which point and contrary to the decades of advertising, disappointingly so, it wasn’t accompanied by the twang of two arrows shot into the bar. Undoubtedly that was due to some ridiculous health & safety concern similar to not being allowed to stand in the conference room.
Kevin took his first mouthful. The chill, refreshing liquid went down well. He could have got four cans of the same stuff in a supermarket for the cost of it, but at that moment it was what he needed. In fact he didn’t realise how much he did need it as within only a few minutes the glass was empty.
‘Another?’ asked the barman.
Kevin hesitated. He might have to sell one of his kidneys, but what the hell?
‘Please. Same again.’
A second pint so quickly after the first was asking for trouble, but the circumstances demanded it. Beer went to his head extraordinarily quickly. He had no worries about a Jekyll & Hyde transformation turning him into a pub brawler, but if there was no one around to give him an unnecessarily hefty shake, a couple of slaps around the face or pour cold water over his head – revival techniques his pals enthusiastically indulged when they were on holiday in Spain – without fail, he fell asleep and missed everything. That was one thing he was determined not to do, to snooze through the much anticipated buffet.
He sipped at the second pint more cautiously. He hoped the alcohol may offer some clarity as is head was so mixed up. He didn’t know what he wanted any more. He tried to pigeon-hole the hotel Emma encounter as a blip, an aberration, in which, for the that brief period earlier, she had bewitched him and he had fallen under her spell, creating doubt and forcing him to question the feelings he had for Collette.
He hoped the more time he spent in Collette’s company, the more that longing for her would return. Kevin stared thoughtfully into the distance letting out the occasional sigh. The barman kept his distance, still aimlessly polishing an already immaculate glass. Young he may be, but had enough experience to allow a melancholic drinker to have their own space.
‘It’s fuckin’ boring ain’t it, mate,’ said a voice behind him that lacked the same sensitivity. Kevin glanced over his shoulder and nearly fell off the bar stool. There stood tattoo man. Kevin quickly turned away and screwed his eyes shut in disbelief.
‘It’s the naffin’ girlfriend,’ growled tattoo man. ‘Suddenly fancies herself as a bit of a la-di-da writer and wanted to come here.’ He curtly beckoned the barman. ‘Over ‘ere, mate, Stella.’
The barman slung the towel over his shoulder and obliged. ‘That’s seven-pounds, eighty.’
‘Yeah, I know. Fuckin’ rip off. And the beer’s shit.’
The barman smiled politely and retreated finding another glass to polish.
‘She gets ‘ere then tells me she’s got a headache. Bin lyin’ down all afternoon. Stupid woman. Waste of fuckin’ time.’
Kevin’s heart raced. He was trapped. His glass was three-quarters full and not something he could have downed in just a couple of mouthfuls to make his escape. If kept his head down without responding, he hoped tattoo man will take the hint and go. Kevin also realised he still had his name tag on his shirt. It would look odd if he suddenly ripped it off. He planted his arm across his chest in the pretense of energetically scratching an itchy armpit. Kevin wouldn’t normal indulge in such uncivilized behaviour in public, but better that than have tattoo man discover his true identity.
‘You with this mob?’ Tattoo man asked Kevin. ‘They all seem right poncy – up their own arses.’
Kevin hesitated to acknowledge him. But if Tattoo man hadn’t recognised Kevin when standing beside him, then hearing Kevin speak was neither here nor there. But regardless of the supermarket incident, the man was an ignorant arsehole that made Kevin’s flesh crawl. Kevin gave a passing thought to the guy’s girlfriend and the way he had spoken about her. How could she put up with him?
Kevin sensed Tattoo man’s eyes on him awaiting a response. Without looking round and still furiously scratching his armpit as if he had fleas, Kevin said, ‘Sort of.’ He then made a pretense of checking his watch. ‘I didn’t realise that was the time.’
Kevin hopped off the bar stool and strode out of the bar forgoing the remainder of his drink – a good four pounds-fifty’s worth.
There was a new face was behind the reception desk. Kevin smiled. Emma’s shift on reception had presumably finished at five. He took the stairs two at a time to the first floor and shot into his bedroom. He flung himself onto his bed and stared at the ceiling. With the protection of his car foremost in his mind, his initial reaction was to pack his bag and leave that instant. But he thought better of it. Having had a pint and a bit more, he might just have been legally okay to drive, but he was wary of taking the chance driving that distance home. He needed his license for his work – without it, and no money coming in, he would have to contemplate going back to live with mummy.
Naturally, he loved his mum, but not her ailments, hypochondria and constant haranguing about settling down, and being unable to drive, the chances of that happening would inevitably be further down the line than ever. Moreover, leaving tonight meant he would miss the highlights of the weekend and of life in general – the buffets.


23


Kevin didn’t want to appear over-eager and be the first in the dining room, nor did he want to arrive when it was too late only to find half a scotch egg, a curled-up sandwich and a few crumbs. He timed his run from his room to arrive at a respectable five minutes after the half-hour. Even at that time the budding wordsmiths were swarming around the buffet tables in a chaotic jumble.
Having plates and cutlery at one end of the long line and desserts at the other, with a range of tempting savoury treats in between, it was clear which way the queue was intended to form. Whether it was blatant queue jumping, an anarchic attitude to the accepted sequence of dinner courses or a complete lack of awareness, another line advanced from the opposite end competing for space at the table, equally determined to get their fill.
Beneath the smiles and apparent civility, where the two queues met, there was jostling and flapping elbows, especially if an individual dare hesitate over a selection. Taking what others perceived to be a Nano-second too long deciding between a prawn cocktail and a chicken and bacon voulevant, or which piece of quiche took their fancy produced a chorus of tutting and sighing.
Kevin took his place at the back of the queue and shuffled forward like the best of them. The first objective was to get hold of a plate. Kevin was not above such things, and if he waited patiently the stack of plates would have eventually come to hand. But human nature being what it is, there was always the sense that just possessing a plate meant somehow you would get fed quicker. He stretched forward to grab one. At the same moment the older man ahead of him reversed, seemingly having had second thoughts about acquiring a dessert spoon from the cutlery tray, perhaps with the intention to have the unappealing mix of both savoury and sweet on the same plate. Kevin, not anticipating that dietary foible, was knocked backwards and the stack of plates paid the price. Fortunately only a couple smashed, but the rest of the pile, bar one, the one Kevin clung onto, ended up on the floor. The grumbles in the queue now extended beyond their stomachs and were directed at Kevin. The older chap, who caused all the mayhem and was obviously stone deaf, didn’t even glance back and cruised along the table unawares.
‘Ah! Sorry, I–– ’ said Kevin holding his hand up.
‘Excuse me, sir.’ ‘One of the hotel’s staff in attendance was on it immediately.
Kevin stepped back to allow the attendant to clear up the mess and noticed the moonlighting doctor’s receptionist queuing behind him. Her hatchet face was pinched tighter than a bum hole. Kevin could, and perhaps should have done the decent thing and offered her his plate out of courtesy, but her being a stickler for health & safety, which presumably included strict adherence to hygiene regulations, gifting the plate that had been handled by a third party would be a strict no-no. So he didn’t feel bad, in fact it brought a smile to his face.
Although now a lone swimmer against the tide of anarchic diners advancing towards him, Kevin still managed to get a decent pile of food on his plate.
He had discussed buffet technique many times with his pals, fellow enthusiasts of food consumption in bulk – the tricky art of stacking a plate to the max – where having a good firm foundation was the key to achieving the desired stable pyramid – sometimes being so spectacular that it deserved a photo on Facebook. With all jostling and jockeying around the table, a modest heap was the best he could hope for that evening.
With his plate suitably laden, he looked for somewhere to sit. Some delegates seemed happy to stand and chat, nibbling at their food, Kevin wasn’t one of them. Everything was too finely balanced on the plate, and like the building blocks in the game Jenga, if he removed the wrong piece at the wrong time, it could spell disaster. Even if he was confident the stacked assortment wouldn’t end up all over the floor, standing alone, like Billy-no-mates, he would feel awkward.
He looked to see where the DSWS had gathered. The sizeable frame of the doctor was impossible to miss even through the crowd. Kevin wove through to the table.
‘Hello, dear boy,’ said the doctor. ‘You’ve found us then and got yourself some of this excellent food.’
Kevin’s arrival didn’t rouse DS into any greeting, he kept his head down picking away at his plate. Collette smiled and then looked past him, perhaps looking for Kevin’s ‘girlfriend’ following on behind. When it was obvious Kevin was alone, she made no comment.
Lynn beamed at him. ‘This spread is wonderful. Did you get any of the Russian salad?’
As much as Kevin loved all things green you can grow, he wasn’t a salad man. He had some when it was mandatory to do so, but they were never a first choice.
‘No. I don’t think I did.’
‘It’s not really a salad, lettuce and stuff, it’s like a potato salad but with diced vegetables instead.’
‘I must have missed it.’
Kevin hovered awaiting an invitation to join them.
There were four seats around the table, but it was large enough to easily accommodate at least one or two more, and Kevin could have readily found a chair, yet no one made any attempt to shuffle round to enable him to sit down.
‘Is it okay to eat here?’
There was no immediate response. They appeared to be waiting for DS to cast judgement, Roman emperor-like, the others hanging on DS’s thumbs up or thumbs down.
‘There’s not much room,’ DS said finally without even looking up.
Kevin’s reaction was to revise his opinion of DS. DS actually wasn’t just a twat, he was the biggest twat he knew. Space for him to sit wasn’t an issue, the issue was DS’s petty and childish attitude.
Collette had made her own judgement call.
‘I think we will be fine.’ She slid her chair across creating a space between her and DS. ‘Can you squeeze in there?’
DS’s head shot up clearly to protest, but before he could veto the move, Kevin’s plate was down on the table.
‘Cheers. See. Loads of room.’
Kevin glanced at DS. With the pinched face on him, DS and the doctor’s receptionist could have passed for twins.
‘I hope you are not a noisy eater,’ snapped DS. ‘If you are, you’ll have to sit elsewhere.’
DS brought out the worst in Kevin. Normally, he was the least aggressive person you could ever meet, but he eyed the slice of quiche on DS’s plate and relished the thought of ramming that down his gob and see how noisily DS choked to death on it.
Kevin sucked up his anger and when the red mist cleared, he said evenly, ‘I’ll be as quiet as a mouse.’
The awkward silence around the table perhaps indicated DS had overstepped the mark. Kevin felt bad that their meal had been disrupted by his arrival. He crossed the room then returned moments later with a chair. Instead of slotting it into the space between DS and Collette, he said, ‘How about if I sit between Collette and you, doctor?’
‘Fine by me, dear boy.’
‘Oh, okay,’ said Collette.
With the rearrangement done, he finally got to sit down and tuck into his food. Kevin having settled wasn’t the trigger for any conversation to resume. Everyone appeared on edge and reluctant to make Kevin overly welcome so as not to upset DS. Kevin was nothing if not mischievous.
‘That walk earlier with you guys was great. Perhaps it is something we can all do again tomorrow.’ Kevin turned to DS. ‘Pity about your hay fever.’
How Kevin kept the smirk off his face he’ll never know.
‘Ooo, that’ll be lovely,’ said Lynn. ‘But there’s a lot of talks tomorrow – we’d need to plan it and if you don’t mind, Derek.’
‘Quite,’ DS said sharply. ‘Remember, we’re here for the workshop, not smelling flowers.’ DS pulled a copy of the weekend’s program from his pocket. He studied it for a few moments. ‘Tomorrow at ten-thirty – ‘Character Building’. That should be useful for you guys. Not quite the same for you Lynn, and unless you are planning to write a novel, and Henry, not as much for you either – although it might help you flesh out some of the people you encountered in Kenya, to give them more depth and bring them to life.’
Even Victor Frankenstein would struggle with that, thought Kevin. He also reckoned making The Needle & the Trowel more interesting and less dry would lose the doctor his core market of the poor, bleary-eyed, sleep-deprived souls who benefited from the current version.
DS reached out to grasp Collette’s hand, but she instinctively withdrew it leaving him to pretend to clear a crumb from the table.
‘No. The major beneficiary of that talk will be Collette. Under my guidance and a little from the speakers here, I foresee great things for her.’
‘Yes, you’re a wonderful writer,’ echoed Lynn. She then put DS on the spot. ‘Have you arranged those meetings with the agents for her like you promised you would?’
‘I don’t think I actually promised, you know, Lynn – these agents are very busy people. I intend, with Collette at my side, to start networking the room later this evening.’
More BS from DS.
DS struck one of his pompous poses. ‘I also intend to offer my successful Clockmaker novel to the agent who offers the best deal. Random House are still dragging their heels, so I don’t think I have any obligation towards them.’
‘Good for you, Derek,’ said Lynn. ‘But you make sure your priority is Collette. You’re a success already, you must get an agent to sign her up.’
‘In fairness,’ said Collette. ‘My book isn’t finished and agents always want to see the complete manuscript, especially from an unknown writer.’
‘I sent my book to a literary agent once,’ said the doctor. ‘I don’t think they appreciated what a good cause it was. That had to be the only reason they didn’t think it was the right material for them to handle.’
The lack of a sympathetic chorus in nodding agreement around the table perhaps should have given the doctor pause for thought.
DS suddenly got to his feet. ‘Are you done, Collette? I think we need to go up to my room to discuss strategy before we start working the room.’
She still had half a plate full of food. ‘Oh, I’ll just finish a bit more of this. Won’t it be easier to talk in the bar? There’s more space there.’
‘It might get too crowded and too noisy to concentrate. My room will be better.’
‘Okay, if you think. I’ll give you a knock.’
‘Right. Good.’ DS hovered, reluctant to go and leave her in the clutches of his rival. ‘Five-minutes then?’
‘Possibly. After I’ve finished this.’
‘Okay. See you in five then.’
For a brief moment, Kevin actually felt sorry for DS – he was so desperate it was almost laughable. DS still hovered expectantly. Collette was indifferent to the desperate body language urging her to make haste and continued to take mouse-like nibbles from her plate.
Kevin couldn’t resist. ‘See you in the bar later.’ It wasn’t particularly subtle as code for – “Will you just bugger off!”
DS continued to hover. ‘You know what. I might see what they have for dessert.’
‘I saw there was a wonderful trifle,’ said Lynn.
‘I’ll have a quick look while you’re finishing up, Collette.’
Kevin didn’t have a great deal of self-confidence with women, but, DS for all the puffing out of his chest and bluster, the groundless super-ego, underneath it all he was a sad paper tiger.
Kevin perhaps should have had some sympathy for him on one level, but because DS insisted on continuing with his ridiculous literary pretentions, and the way he had treated Kevin from the outset, if he can make DS’s life uncomfortable in any way, he will.

As DS walked off to join the melee at the buffet table, Kevin set his sandwich aside. While Lynn and the doctor were discussing the merits of Russian salad, Kevin turned to Collette. ‘Sorry, I haven’t asked. How’s things with you?’
‘Oh, you know – good days, bad days. I’ve got all the paperwork to sort out now – mum’s will and stuff, the house.’
‘Anyone to help you with that?’
‘I’m quite good with those things, it just takes time.’
Kevin was keen to explain to her about scary Emma, but DS would probably return at any moment, flapping like some over-zealous maiden aunt chaperone. But he felt he could hold back no longer and was bursting to tell her what happened regardless.
‘Can I clear something up – I’m worried that you’ll have got the wrong impression about me and other things.’
‘Oh, what’s that?’
‘Now this is odd–– ’
‘Couldn’t be bothered,’ growled DS marching back towards them. ‘Some people have no idea how to queue correctly.’
‘What were you saying, Kevin?’
‘Another time.’
Lynn glanced up. ‘Do you want me to try for you, Derek?’
‘No thank you, Lynn. I’m just waiting for Collette.’
She hadn’t eaten a great deal more since he departed for the buffet table, but she felt obliged to leave what there was.
‘Okay, Derek. Two seconds.’ She reached under the table for her handbag. ‘Oh, Lynn, don’t forget your stuff is under here.’
‘No. Thank you, dear. I won’t forget.’
Kevin glanced under the table. Incredibly, Lynn had brought her bulging ‘Bag-for-Life’ to dinner with her.
‘I’ll catch up with you all in the bar later,’ said Collette with a sweep of her arm, throwing out the invite to everyone.
Kevin smiled as DS and Collette walked off together. DS thinks she’s his and it was a done deal, but even so he wasn’t giving anyone the slightest opportunity to challenge that. The fair maiden held in servitude by the scheming lord of his own fantasy realm. Gratifyingly, if the comments she made in her email was an accurate reflection of how Collette perceived him, ‘Dad – DS’ will have a huge disappointment coming his way.
Lynn slid around the table and patted Kevin on his thigh in a friendly gesture. ‘How’s your room. The one’s we’ve got are lovely. I’m so glad we came here.’
‘I’m sure I’ve seen this place in an episode of Poirot. It was the one where the butler did do it,’ Kevin said playfully.
‘I don’t remember that one, do you Henry. I’d thought I’d seen them all.’
‘The butler did it?’ queried the doctor. ‘Not much of a twist in that story then.’
Kevin didn’t confess that it was only one of his little jokes.
‘You know what, Henry, I really fancy some of that trifle. Can I get you some?’
‘Not for me. Trying to keep the weight off.’
‘Kevin, how about you? You know, I keep wanting to call you Colin – isn’t that silly of me. It’s my old cat that’s making me do that.’
Kevin waved away her concern. ‘There are things worse than being called Colin after a cat. I’m just pleased he wasn’t called Mr Tiddles.’
‘I don’t think I’d have mixed up Kevin with Mr Tiddles.’
Lynn and the doctor weren’t the target audience for Kevin’s humour.
Lynn glanced at the buffet table. ‘Still a bit of a queue. Never mind, there’s no rush.’ She went off and took her place at the back of the disorderly line. With her ‘Bag-for-Life’ still nestling under the table, it prompted Kevin to ask if the doctor knew what that was all about – the compunction to have it with her at all times.
‘I’m intrigued. What’s with Lynn and this bag? She’s never seen without it. Do you know why?’
The doctor didn’t respond immediately. He stroked his chin thoughtfully. ‘It was very unpleasant apparently. It happened a few years before I knew her. Yes, very unpleasant.’
Lynn reappeared. ‘All the trifles gone. Pity. I was quite looking forward to that.’
Kevin heaved a huge sigh. The answer to the mystery of Lynn’s ‘Bag-for-Life’, perhaps like who shot JFK, was destined to be a secret privy to a select few.
‘Are you okay, Colin?’
He lied. ‘A bit of indigestion.’
Lynn giggled. ‘There I go again – sorry Kevin.’
‘Mint,’ said the doctor.
‘No thanks, perhaps I’ll have one later,’ said Kevin, still having plenty on his plate to tackle. An After Eight will be a nice way to top off the meal though.
‘No. Drink mint tea. It’s the age-old remedy for indigestion and a bad stomach. Sometimes nature does these thing far better than us modern quacks can. They say it evolved from a plant that has been with us since the dinosaurs roamed the earth. In Ken–– ’

‘Henry! You don’t believe that, do you!’
‘No, it’s absolutely true, mint does have natural medicinal properties.’
‘Not about the mint – dinosaurs.’
Kevin was about to take a bite from a chicken and mayo sandwich, but paused intrigued.
‘They have evidence,’ said the doctor. ‘They found it in the fossil record. Mint evolved from a common ancestor two-hundred and fifty million years ago. In Ken–– ’
‘Can’t have,’ Lynn said, dismissing the notion instantly.
‘Why, Lynn?’ asked Kevin.
‘Because dinosaurs didn’t exist.’
Kevin smiled, assuming she was joking. ‘Is that because they were so big that they would have made the flat earth tip up?’
‘Now you’re being silly.’
Kevin put the sandwich down and glanced at the doctor. He looked as mystified as Kevin was.
‘What about the hundreds of bones they have found?’ Kevin asked gently.
‘They’re just bones. They could be any animal.’
‘But some of them are massive, as tall as a man.’
‘They’re the fake ones dug in the ground to trick us.’
‘But they have found nearly complete skeletons and they are nothing like the animals of today and are dated to millions of years old.’
‘Those were the ones washed up together by chance during the ‘Great Flood’ and just happen to look like a creature. And they can’t be millions of years old because the earth was only created six-thousand years ago. So, tell me, if these things existed, why aren’t they mentioned in the Bible?’
That was the – “No more questions for the witness, your honour.” – time to back off for Kevin. Such thinking was beyond his experience. As a strictly, weddings, christenings and funerals church goer, the extreme Creationist beliefs were a form of insanity.
Kevin glanced at the doctor again. The doctor gave a tiny shrug. Not only as a doctor, but also due to his time in Africa, he probably would have been exposed to many ‘interesting’ people and different belief systems at variance with accepted Western understanding, so he might not have been as shocked as Kevin was. It put the enigma of her ‘Bag-for-Life’ into perspective. Whatever the doctor was going to tell him as to why it accompanied her everywhere, however outlandish, would no longer be a surprise.
Okay, Lynn was a bit dotty – she had earned the right to be at her age – but apart from that in all other respects she had appeared quite normal. Maybe that’s how it was with scary Emma. Perhaps friends, work colleagues, even family weren’t aware she had an obsessive, controlling personality and was a fully signed up bunny-boiling, psycho-stalker. It proved that you never really know what people are truly like compared to the face they present to the world.
With that thought, perhaps if someone gave the doctor space to recount his experiences in Kenya, the account would be peppered with really fascinating information and amusing anecdotes. But it then begged the question as to why he hadn’t bothered to put any of that comedy gold in the book first time around.
The exchange with Lynn had put the brake on the conversation around the table. It became stilted and forced.
‘I hope Derek can work his magic for Collette,’ said Lynn.
‘Yes, I’m sure,’ the doctor replied. ‘He reckons he’s on first name terms with a couple of the agents here.’
‘That’s good,’ said Lynn.
Not that Kevin had any ambition regarding his own work, but just out of interest he was keen to know the faces to look out for.
‘Do you know who they are, doctor? Any here in the dining room now?’
The doctor swiveled round in his chair. ‘Derek pointed out that good lady there. She is Delores Cheery. Very successful with new authors apparently. Let me see, anyone else . . .’
Kevin couldn’t believe who the doctor had identified – the moonlighting doctor’s receptionist. It was said you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. To amuse himself, Kevin had speculated on her natural calling, but even so, being a good literary agent didn’t mean she wasn’t also an officious, hatchet-faced old bat.
‘What is her name again – Cherry?’
‘No, apparently it’s, Cheery, as in happy.’
Kevin reckoned you couldn’t make it up – the most miserable person called Cheery.
‘And DS is on first name terms with her?’
‘Apparently.’
‘Derek has lots of literary contacts,’ said Lynn.
Kevin wished Collette all the luck in the world, she deserved it, but he will keenly observe how DS gets on with his pal, Ms Cheery.
It was strange to think that Kevin had known these guys for a couple of months now, but that was the first time he had sat down and had the opportunity to talk and get to know them on a personal level.
‘Your wife you mentioned in the bio – what does she think of your book, doctor?’
‘That lady passed away. She died shortly after we returned to England.’
‘Oh . . . I’m sorry to hear that.’ Kevin never had been great at small talk, but he couldn’t believe that as soon as he opened his mouth he had stood on a social landmine.
Once again the conversation around the table was shut down. There was an awkward silence. Kevin felt it was for him to fill it.
‘I’m sure she would have been so proud of your achievement in writing it.’
‘We were divorcing at the time she died. It is why we returned to England. When the lawyers got involved it became very nasty.’
To Kevin, the doctor appeared to be the perfect, if boring, English gentleman. He couldn’t imagine him being guilty of indulging in anything less than honourable behaviour. In gambling, they say don’t chase your losses. Kevin was unaware of that adage and doubled down to lighten the mood.
‘I suppose that’s all just water under the bridge now. Forgive and forget.’
The doctor leant forward and stared thoughtfully into the distance. ‘You know, dear boy, there’s not one day that passes when I don’t think about her, not one day – it’s like she never left and is still with me – even in death that absolutely dreadful woman, who did her best to ruin my life, still won’t leave me in peace! What was I meant to do! Man can’t live by bread alone – the Kenyan women were very accommodating to my needs.’
Kevin reckoned it was time to get out of there. It had morphed into an episode of the Jeremy Kyle Show.
He got to his feet. ‘I’m going to freshen-up. Perhaps see I’ll you in the bar later?’


24


Kevin fell on his hotel bed. He thought he had problems, but wow. Being stalked by a fixated possible bunny-boiler felt like just one of life’s little travails. He wondered if Collette was aware of the pair’s back-stories and what she thought of them. Kevin couldn’t imagine that she had anything other than positive things to say and be understanding and non-judgmental. It also might explain why no one in the DSWS sought to challenge DS over his ridiculous egomania – Collette was too nice and the doctor and Lynn were too fucked-up. As for the invisible man, Tom, who knows?
Lying on the bed staring at the ceiling, Kevin’s thoughts returned to Collette. Having been with her in the grounds and then at the buffet, he still got a tingle of excitement, but the edge had gone from that intensity by the unexpected feelings he had developed for hotel Emma. Logically, it made no sense as she was clearly already spoken for, but emotion didn’t respect logic. Hotel Emma had been kind and was fun and attractively flirtatious, but that shouldn’t have so easily caused him to doubt his feelings towards Collette.
Reflecting back, it was strange to think he had had more interaction with hotel Emma in one afternoon than he had with Collette in all the weeks he had known her. He recognised that in those brief exchanges a connection had been made, not quite love at first sight, but she had instantly ‘clicked’ with him, and now it made him to question everything.
What would Pam make of this latest development?
‘Kevin, you’re no spring chicken – stop messing around and sort your life out!’
And she would be right. The messing around wasn’t intentional. He had signed up for the weekend for one reason only – Collette. He tried to convince himself that being smitten with hotel Emma was a blip, which will be seen for what it was when he returns home – a silly holiday infatuation. Undoubtedly, she had made him feel good about himself. She made him laugh and led him to believe she even fancied him – a much needed boost to his confidence, even if it was only hotel Emma’s way to keep the guests smiling. Yet he was confident that once back in his normal routine that wobble will fade. In that renewed spirit of confidence, he was desperate to speak to Collette about his so called ‘girlfriend’.
Inside the hotel, DS won’t let her out of his sight for a minute now. The only way they will get to speak in private was to take another walk around the grounds - terminal allergic rhinitis happily keeping ‘Sneezy’ out of the picture.

Kevin was actually quite tired. The couple of drinks earlier hadn’t knocked him out completely, but their effects were lingering. It was only nine-thirty and he could have quite easily gone to bed. But to be sociable and not to miss the opportunity to wind-up DS given half a chance, he made the effort.
He had changed for dinner and wasn’t inclined to change his shirt and trousers again into even more casual wear. He was pretty sure no one would notice what he had on anyway, except perhaps if he went down to the bar in his Speedos.
Having a physical job and being on the go all day meant he wasn’t in bad shape for his age. Not exactly ripped, but he didn’t look completely ridiculous in Speedos either, as many would of his vintage. A beer belly and tiny trunks only tells people two things about a guy as he struts along a beach – a lack of self-awareness and a lack of a mirror.
Kevin did comb his hair though as a concession to smartening up. He bared his teeth at the Smart mirror to check for any bits of food stuck in between. No, all clear, he wasn’t going to embarrass himself. It was one thing he couldn’t stand – someone smiling at you with what they ate for dinner preserved for all to see. While gurning grotesquely for amusement, it crossed his mind to check out how smart his Smart mirror was and see what response he got if he posed the question, “Mirror, mirror on the wall . . . ” It claimed to be Smart, but was it smart enough to diplomatically let him down without hurting his feelings? He didn’t put it to the test.
He loped down the stairs and passed the reception desk. The young man who had taken over from hotel Emma acknowledged him with a smile. Kevin nodded and headed towards the bar.
It appeared most of the delegates had congregated there. Kevin stopped and scanned the room attempting to spot Collette. Undoubtedly DS would be glued to her side, inseparable, like a conjoined twin. He didn’t see them, but he did see the doctor and Lynn sitting at a table at the back. He edged his way through to the bar and got a drink before joining them. They wouldn’t have been his first choice of companions for the evening not after the earlier interesting revelations. But barring Collette there was no one else he knew, so, with little option, he decided Lynn and the doctor should have the pleasure of his company.
‘Hello, dear boy. Take a seat.’
Kevin set his drink on the table and sat down. ‘Quite a crowd. Perhaps they are paying on the tab and don’t realise the prices. They’ll have a shock when they check out and get the bill.’
‘Is it expensive, Henry? You bought the drinks.’
‘Not sure. The chap just asked for my room number. Decent fellow though. He bought a copy of my book earlier.’
‘Sold any more, doctor?’
‘No, but I’ve got a couple here ready. I’ll wait until everyone’s a bit more amenable.’
Drunk was what he meant. Kevin studied him for a moment. It was strange to think the doctor was so wily and dedicated to the charity’s cause, but was also a self-confessed, shameless philanderer.
‘I didn’t make the ‘Setting the Tone’ talk, was it interesting?’ asked Kevin.
‘Ooo, yes. It gave you lots to think about and ideas.’
‘Do you think it could help your poetry?’ Kevin had to turn and hide his face. He couldn’t believe he had just said that. He wasn’t being deliberately sarcastic and he doubted Lynn would have picked up on it even if he had. Her poetry might give doggerel a bad name, but she was happy with it and that was all that mattered. It was everyone else who had to suffer.
Kevin didn’t want to be unkind, after all his own efforts weren’t exactly up there with the all-time literary giants. And she was untroubled in her dotty and her biblically youthful world, which was more than Kevin claimed to be.
‘How about you, doctor?’
‘I don’t think you need tone if you’re writing a factual account of my time in Kenya.’
Yes, God forbid The Needle & The Trowel was made more interesting.
Kevin felt he had to make the running to keep a conversation going. ‘Sorry, did I butt in just now? If you want to talk privately . . . ’
‘No, you’re a fine young man, Colin. Always welcome.’
‘Kevin.’
‘Oh, silly me. Here I go again.’
Kevin just smiled. He was inclined to let her pre-dementia ride if she preferred to call him Colin. Colin – Kevin, what’s in a name?
‘How’s Collette getting on? Has DS spoken with Ms Cheery yet?’
‘We don’t know. I was saying the same thing to Henry.’
‘She is brilliant you know,’ said Kevin. I don’t think she realises how good she is.’
‘Oh, she’s a lovely writer and a lovely person as well. I do hope she meets someone equally nice one day.’
‘Lacking in confidence,’ the doctor said bluntly.
‘I don’t know why,’ said Kevin. ‘She is beautiful.’ He was instantly embarrassed at the raw exposure of his feelings.
‘Yes, a fine looking girl. In Ken–– ’
‘So,’ said Kevin with a clap of his hands. ‘Do you both, and Collette hopefully, as she really loves flowers, fancy another stroll around the grounds tomorrow?’
‘Ooo, that’ll be nice, assuming Derek’s doesn’t mind.’
Kevin nearly choked on his beer. They were like cult members acting their leader’s commandments.
‘Why should he mind?’
‘He might not want to be left on his own because of his hay fever. And he really wants us to get the most from the workshop. It’s the only reason he’s got us here is for us to improve our writing skills.’
Kevin wasn’t so sure about that. A dirty weekend away with Collette was surely his primary intention. And again there was the BS from DS. He was effectively claiming the workshop was only for the plebs – the professional speakers being unable to offer anything to improve upon DS’s stellar literary talent.
‘I’ll check the agenda,’ said Kevin. ‘I’ll see if we can fit something in between the talks.’
‘As long as Derek is happy.’
In a way Kevin was fascinated. What drove DS? How can he have such an inflated opinion of himself? When the light went out and he lay in bed at night, what thoughts went through his head? Was the front he presented to the world his little charade and he knew damned well he was a crap writer, or did he seriously believe it?
‘Is DS married?’ Kevin asked suddenly.
‘Oh, no, not anymore,’ said Lynn. ‘Do you know what happened, Henry?’
‘Derek has never discussed it with me. He did tell me though that his ex-wife begged to come back after she had left, but Derek stuck by his principles apparently and wouldn’t take her. Perhaps her running off with a millionaire and living in Nice in south of France wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.’
Kevin raised an eyebrow. DS refusing to take her back sounded like more of his BS. He had probably not seen hide nor hair of her since she escaped. And who could blame her.
‘Kids?’ asked Kevin.
‘Oh, he’s never mentioned any, has he Henry?’
‘None that he’s admitted to anyway,’ chuckled the doctor.
‘He’s working presumably?’
‘Ooo, it sounds like he runs a big operation and has a lot of responsibility and staff working for him in that DIY shop.’
That DS was an enigma, possibly even sad and lonely, and knowing more of his background didn’t mean Kevin had warmed to him. Regardless of personal circumstance, DS can only be judged by how he treats others.
The first Kevin knew that their little group had company was when a pint glass thumped on the table. It was attached to an arm with a sleeve of tattoos.
‘This chair ain’t taken?’
Kevin’s head shot up as did the others.
‘Well, er . . . no,’ Kevin stammered. It wasn’t clear if tattoo man was posing a question or simply telling them. Both Lynn and the doctor stared at Kevin bewildered.
‘You alright, mate?’ said Tattoo man.
‘Not bad,’ Kevin said dying inside.
Lynn and the doctor looked even more baffled that Kevin appeared to know the gross figure who had suddenly appeared.
Tattoo man acknowledged Lynn and the doctor, who both gave a wan smile in return.
‘I won’t swear in front of a lady, but this place is such a bloody rip off. Shit beer as well.’
Lynn and the doctor both nodded mechanically.
‘It’s the poxy girlfriend’s fault.’
It was almost by telepathic agreement that the three decided it was best not to utter a single word in response in the hope the man would take the hint and go. But no such luck.
‘Suddenly got it in ‘er head she wants to write. It’s all bollocks if you ask me.’ He picked up his glass and drank half of it in one gulp. ‘She ain’t done nuffin since she got ‘ere.’
Kevin tried to keep his face turned away if only to disguise his expression of utter disgust. Lynn’s chatty nature got the better of her and she broke their silent pact.
‘Is she not with you?’
‘Comes all this way and says she’s got a poxy migraine. Bin in the room all afternoon. It don’t stop her goin’ on her phone all the time though, does it.’
Now the doctor went off script. ‘What’s she taking?’
‘Pills that some bloody old quack gave her, which are obviously totally useless. They don’t know what they’re doin’ those geezers.’
‘Would you like me to take a look, I’m a doctor?’
Tattoo man studied the doctor for a moment. ‘You NHS or private?’
‘I’m retired, young man, but I spent most of my working life in Kenya.’
Tattoo man snorted. ‘Africa, in it? Nah, you’re alright, mate. She don’t need no witchdoctor.’
Just being in his company was repellent. The ignorant bastard was just one giant mass of offence wrapped in an ugly, semi-human-like skin.
‘Shame she’s missing it all,’ said Lynn.
‘At least I ain’t gotta pay for her drinks. Rip off.’
Kevin wished Lynn and the doctor would shut up or he’ll never bugger off.
Kevin had thought it earlier, that he felt sorry for his girlfriend, but now he was simply amazed that any woman would stay with such a boorish oaf unless she was intimidated and frightened of him.
‘She wanted to come ‘ere on her own. Should ‘a let her, as looking at all these geezers, they’re a right bunch of nonces.’
Kevin was gob smacked by what happened next. It was the victory of hope, with a dash of cheek over ‘put your house on it’ certain failure. The doctor produced a copy of The Needle & The Trowel.
‘I’m sorry, I don’t know your name,’ said the doctor.
Tattoo man glared at him as though he had been stopped by the police. ‘Vinny,’ he growled reluctantly.
‘Well, Vincent, let me tell you about my book.’
Vinny snatched it up and checked the title. ‘Got one.’
‘Sorry,’ queried the doctor.
‘The uvver ‘arf got one from a geezer. Was it you?’
‘Really! That’s great. Please thank her, dear boy. It is for charity after all and I wondered if you might–– ’
‘Nah, mate. Told her she was fuckin’ stupid for buyin’ one. It looks a load of shit.’ Vinny jerked a thumb towards the delegates milling in the bar. ‘One of them nonces might be stupid enough – try them.’
The doctor was too old school to show his annoyance, but he got to his feet and said, ‘I think I’ll mingle, to see if I can find Derek and Collette.’
Lynn seemed surprised to discover there was a watch on her wrist.
‘Oh, will you look at that. I didn’t know what time it was. Time for my bed.’ She scooped up her ‘Bag-for-Life’ and headed out of the bar.
It left Kevin with the caveman.
‘Wos your name, mate?’
Kevin couldn’t ignore a direct question, but he didn’t want Vinny knowing anything about him, not least his name. His reply just spilt out. ‘Colin.’
‘Yeah, well, I fink it’s your round, Col.’
‘Not for me, I’m afraid. I’m off to bed too.’


25


Lying on his bed, Kevin couldn’t believe people like ‘Vinny’ existed outside East Enders. He tried to imagine what Vinny did for a living. Kevin assumed it wasn’t in Customer Services, nor a gym instructor or basically any job that involved dealing with ordinary people, even indirectly. Some trades on building sites have a reputation for unrestrained, colourful language, but with Vinny’s physique, the practicality of climbing a ladder would be beyond him and too much for any scaffolding rig to bear. He might be a ground worker digging holes for a living or drove plant. Sitting on his arse all day in the cab of a digger with fry-ups morning, noon and night would explain his gut, but who knows?
Kevin gave up trying to work it out – ultimately he didn’t care what Vinny did, apart from having a natural capacity to be totally obnoxious. In couple of days he will check-out of the hotel, and except for coincidence, which admittedly had done him few favours recently, Kevin won’t ever have the pleasure of seeing Vinny again. All he had to do in the meantime was to ensure Vinny didn’t discover he was the person involved in the supermarket hit and run. Should that happen, Kevin’s plans could well have to change rapidly.

Breakfast was between seven and nine. It was served as a buffet again. Kevin had no intention of biding his time in the morning and having a repeat of what happened the previous evening – arriving after all the vultures had descended.
The alarm was set for six.
He was literally through the dining room door at the stroke of seven and there was still a queue. Not as unruly as the night before. Maybe the dining anarchists had been put straight by those who had a more traditional attitude to queuing, which meant there was a single orderly line waiting for the breakfast to kick off.
DS was ahead of Kevin in the queue, plate in hand, standing patiently. Collette wasn’t with him. For a brief moment, Kevin considered forgoing his place and slipping up to her room to catch her alone. But just as quickly he ruled that idea out. Apart from the fact that she would have probably still been in bed, or not dressed at that bleary hour in the morning, Collette wouldn’t thank him for launching into a heavy-weight conversation regarding people with an obsessive personality and mental health issues.

Behind him the queue grew longer as more and more people arrived, including the doctor and Lynn who, even at breakfast felt it necessary to have her ‘Bag-for-Life’ with her. Talking among themselves, they hadn’t spotted Kevin.
One of the hotel kitchen staff arrived and moved down the row of covered trays removing the lids one by one to reveal the breakfast fare. The queue noticeably pressed forward in anticipation.
Kevin didn’t plan to have lunch. He had checked the hotel menu prices and they were eye-watering for what sounded like not a great deal. A good stuffing of food now would see him through to the buffet tonight.
Careful not to drop anything off the overloaded plate, he looked around for somewhere to sit. DS was at the far end of the room with a table to himself. If the doctor and Lynn were with him, Kevin wouldn’t have hesitated to go over and join them, if only to antagonise DS, but not while he sat alone. Kevin found a spare table. Lyn and the doctor approached.
‘Morning, dear boy. Sleep well.’
‘Pretty good, actually. You?’
‘Ooo, the bed was so comfy.’
‘Anyway,’ said the doctor. ‘I see Derek over there. We’ll catch you later no doubt.’
Kevin didn’t expect them to break ranks and sit with him, which he wasn’t upset about. It meant he could tuck into his mega Full English without interruptions for obligatory chit-chat.
‘Alright, Col?’
Kevin swore so loudly in his head he wouldn’t have been surprised him if it was actually audible. He wondered if he had died in a car crash en-route to the hotel and Vinny was the torment hell had in store for him. Vinny’s fat arse was on a seat even before Kevin looked round.
‘This grub’s shit.’
Kevin screwed his eyes shut.
‘What’s up wiv you, mate?’ Vinny skewered a sausage and held it up for inspection. ‘Look at that. Fuckin’ shit.’
Kevin covered his eyes and massaged his temples.
‘You got ‘ed ache. Same as that lazy cow up stairs. Spends all night on her phone with that social media shit, then wonders why she’s so fuckin’ tired in the morning. Silly cow.’ Vinny tentatively poked and prodded a fried egg on his plate as though it was something washed-up dead on a beach. ‘Shit.’
Kevin tried to zone him out and concentrate on eating. It was obviously psychological, but with Vinny’s arrival Kevin’s appetite completely left him. He continued to eat, but it was now functional not enjoyable. The vast bulk of the once mouth-watering goodies he had heaped on his plate had become a challenge to be got through rather than relished.
‘I tell you what, mate. There’s a geezer ‘ere I want a little word with. Dunno who he is, but I saw his car in the car park yesterday. Yeah, a little word if you know what I mean. There’s a bit of business I’ve sorted that he’ll find out about.’
Kevin choked on a piece of sausage.
‘I know, mate, these sausages are shit.’
Kevin’s appetite wasn’t just dead, it was buried six-foot under.
‘I’ll find out who it is, don’t you worry about that. He’s gotta be one of these nonces. People don’t mess wiv me and get away wiv it. He’ll find that out the ‘ard way.’
‘I need to go,’ said Kevin.
‘Yeah. You don’t wanna be eatin’ all that shit.’

Kevin threw himself on his bed. It pissed him off that the massive pile of lovely grub he had been so looking forward to he had left virtually untouched because of that caveman. It will now be a long, long day until the buffet that evening. But more disturbing was the comment that somehow Kevin would find out the hard way that Vinny wasn’t to be messed with. Time clearly hadn’t been a healer as far as the supermarket incident was concerned. This ‘hard way’ either referred to what he might do if he discovered Kevin’s identity, or possibly some veiled threat against his car. Neither outcome was appealing.
Should it come to it, Kevin wasn’t a fighter and although Vinny had the sizeable weight advantage and the aggression, he couldn’t image that tub of lard could sustain a brawl for more than a few minutes. Even so, a physical confrontation with that oaf was the last thing Kevin wanted in such a classy establishment.
He checked his watch and glanced out of the window. It was barely twenty to eight and shaping up to be another fine day. There was an age to kill before the first session started: ‘Character Building’. He certainly won’t be late for that one, having no desire to lock horns again with that ray of sunshine, Ms Cheery.
Collette hadn’t come down to breakfast while he was there, so there was a chance that she was still in her room. If he was quick he could pop up and see her, perhaps to suggest going for a walk in the grounds either now or after she had eaten.
With a sudden decisiveness he took the stairs to the second floor and gently knocked on her door.
‘Who is it?’ Collette asked from inside.
He hesitated. ‘Um, Kevin.’
There was a distinct hesitation before the door opened.
‘Kevin?’
‘Yeah. Hi. Sorry, but um, have you got five-minutes?’
‘I was just going down to breakfast.’
‘Sorry. I should have realised. Maybe later then. I thought perhaps you might like a quick walk around the grounds before the talks start. I’d like to speak to you.’
‘No, you’re okay, if you just want a quick word now.’ She then stood waiting expectantly.
Kevin had roughly rehearsed what he had intended to say, but his mind went blank.
He blurted out, ‘It’s about scary Emma.’
Collette cocked her head to one side, confused. ‘Scary who – the girl on reception?’
‘No, not her, the other girl called Emma. The one who went to the DSWS meeting.’
‘What, your girlfriend?’
‘No. That’s the thing, she isn’t.’
‘Fiancé then?’
‘No, she’s not that either.’
Straightening-out the misunderstanding was creating even more of a misunderstanding and perhaps worse.
‘Emma? You’ve what – split up?’
‘No. We were never together. She’s completely mad.’
Collette’s expression told him everything he needed to know about Kevin’s crass misogyny, especially against someone who he suggests has serious mental health issues.
‘Well, all this must be news to her. Perhaps it would be nice if you told her!’ Emma retorted.
It was now Kevin’s turn to be confused. ‘She made up all those lies about me and her at the DSWS meeting. She–– ’
‘Well, she still believes it. I saw her yesterday afternoon when she asked after you.
‘Saw her – where?’
‘Here, at the hotel.’
‘WHAT!!’
‘She asked me if I knew you were coming or not.’
For a few moments Kevin’s head swam. He held onto the door frame to steady himself. ‘And what did you say?’
‘I said, “Not as far as I know.” Because I didn’t know you were coming.’
‘Oh, my God.’
‘So, you didn’t know she was here?’
‘No.’
Kevin was still reeling from the shock when DS stepped out of the lift, followed by Lynn and the doctor. Kevin barely noticed DS glowering at him.
‘Collette,’ said DS calling her over. ‘We thought we’d have a little meeting before the first talk. We need to keep moving forward with Out Trumped.’
‘Okay. But I’m getting some breakfast first. I’ll be up directly after in about twenty minutes.’
‘Did you enjoy your breakfast, dear boy?’
‘It was okay.’ Kevin lied. Even the little he had eaten, which was tasty at the time, had congealed into a solid knot of indigestion. He felt sick.
‘I’ll catch up with you all later,’ said Kevin and made for the stairs back to his room.

It was worse lying on his bed. He hung over the sink for a while to see if the breakfast might come up and then sat on the toilet with a similar aim. It seemed the cannon ball in his stomach had no plans to move on in either direction any time soon. If his stomach didn’t feel so bad he would have packed his bag and checked out of the hotel that instant.
So, unless anyone was able convince him otherwise, he had died and was in Purgatory. He hadn’t considered himself a bad person or someone who had deliberately done bad things, but maybe the bar was set high for entry to the other place.
He did wonder though if he could actually escape his fate or was doomed. He might drive off in his car, driving and driving, seemingly putting miles between him and the hotel, only to discover the road only led back there again. And that happened no matter how many times he tried to drive away or in whichever direction. Condemned to spend eternity with egomaniacs, ignorant oafs and bunny boilers – not to mention loony creationists and various other oddballs.
There were no pats on the back for clearing up the misunderstanding with Collette, she probably now actively disliked him. It was a total disaster with her and more so knowing scary Emma was in the hotel.
He would have loved to take another look around the grounds – to clear his head and settle his stomach – but he didn’t want to chance it. He was pretty confident that the caveman wasn’t into beautiful landscapes and horticulture, because, in his own words, the grounds would be, ‘Shit.’ But if would be just his luck through the intervention of his old sparring partner, coincidence, that scary Emma was, inevitably meaning by the ‘Law of Sod’ he was destined to bump into her.
He flicked on the TV in his room. He never watched anything before seven in the evening, and even then, some nights he didn’t switched it on at all. There was a picture with sounds, earnest presenters relaying the news, but Kevin absorbed none of it. His mind was in a whirl. Staying until the end of the weekend was no longer an option. He made his decision. He had the same feeling as when he played truant that day all those years ago. There was nothing to be gained from skulking in his room all weekend.
The TV news presenters were still happily chirping away over images of death and destruction in some war torn part of the globe. Kevin changed channels – more talking heads, but this time with beaming smiles. It was a commercial channel and far more upbeat and feel good that didn’t want to lose viewers, and therefore advertising revenue, by reporting on all the crap that was going on around the world.
It was while staring vacantly at the screen that something occurred to him – The Needle & The Trowel? Vinny said his girlfriend had a copy. Scary Emma was in the hotel. Can that be yet another mad coincidence? Scary Emma would have undoubtedly had her heart strings tugged by the doctor to buy a copy at the DSWS meeting. Vinny’s girlfriend may have had the misfortune to randomly encounter the doctor elsewhere and had her purse lightened by ten quid. Were they two different individuals or were scary Emma and Vinny’s girlfriend one and the same. The more Kevin thought about it the more it made sense – Vinny’s girlfriend having a sudden interest in writing, the book, the obsession with social media. And to top it all – scary Emma was in the supermarket at the same time as Vinny. Kevin couldn’t believe what was happening to him.
He had blown it with Collette, and as crushing as that was, he accepted that, but it was scary Emma that was the nightmare now. If she discovered Kevin was in the hotel and they happened to meet, he had no idea how that might play out, especially if she really was Vinny’s girlfriend. With the blatant lies she might tell, Vinny would no longer only have an upturned shopping trolley to aggravate him.
He wondered if scary Emma insisted on coming to the writer’s weekend because she had genuinely got the bug for creative writing, or was it on the off chance that Kevin might be there too? If it was the latter, was she so outrageous as to pursue Kevin right under Vinny’s nose?
Vinny clearly wasn’t one to forgive and forget and accept what happened at the supermarket was a silly heat of the moment thing. And it was hard to imagine Vinny being all stiff upper lipped and gentlemanly about his girlfriend two-timing him either – giving Kevin a firm handshake, conceding that the best man had won and then walk off into the sunset with his head held high.
The indigestion hadn’t eased and he moved awkwardly with the knots of discomfort, but he grabbed his travel case and began stuffing in his belongings.
‘Absolute disaster,’ he said under his breath as he hurriedly squashed in one item after another. ‘Absolute disaster. Three-hundred quid! Absolute disaster.’
He double checked all the drawers and bathroom to make sure nothing was missed. He pulled out the telescopic handle on the case and let out a sigh. It was such a beautiful hotel with magnificent grounds – what a shame he wouldn’t get his money’s worth staying longer.
He opened his bedroom door just enough to peer down the corridor. All clear. With a quick march, he shot towards the stairs. He leant over the sweeping polished walnut balustrade on the landing that offered a bird’s eye view of the reception area. A couple of people were milling around, but there was no sign of Vinny or scary Emma. He hoiked the case off the floor in one swift movement and virtually ran down the stairs. He dashed over to the reception desk. Hotel Emma was back on duty.
Even in his excitement to get away from there, her lovely smile made him falter.
‘What’s the rush, Kevin?’ She glanced at the case. ‘Are you leaving us?’
‘I . . . yes, unfortunately. I need to check out.’
‘Oh, that’s a shame. We were getting on so well. An emergency?’
‘You could say that.’
‘Well, maybe you’ll be back for another stay.’
‘Maybe. It is beautiful. Everything, all of it.’ Even as he said it, he knew it was very unlikely. Not only were the regular prices too steep for his pocket, but it was also a place to be enjoyed by a couple, not some sad lonely guy on his own.
‘And sorry, I meant to, but I haven’t been able to buy you that bottle I promised.’
She laughed. ‘You men – promises, promises. The story of my life. You could have just bought me that drink. There’s a lovely little pub only about a mile from here.’
Kevin robotically handed over the room key card. Hotel Emma was bewitching him again. If he didn’t know better, it sounded if she meant it.
‘Do I have to sign anything?’
‘No, you’re free to go.’
‘Right, okay, thanks for everything, the room, the car thing and you’ve been great.’
‘You know he asked me again about the car and also one of my colleagues. And I shouldn’t say this, but some of the guests have complained about him.’
‘Well . . .’ Kevin was going to offer his own less than complementary thoughts on the repulsive character, but decided against it. Although he wanted to get out of there as fast as possible, he was strangely hesitant to leave. ‘Look, you’ve been fantastic. I’ll write you an outstanding review on Trip Advisor.’
‘Don’t forget to mention that I should have a pay rise.’
Kevin laughed. ‘Deal.’
‘Have a safe journey home.’
‘Yep, right, I’d best be off.’ Even then Kevin found it hard to drag himself away, but he had to. He reluctantly turned towards the exit.
‘Oh, Kevin,’ Hotel Emma called out. ‘By the way, my name’s Darling – not to be confused with the Emma who works in the bar. She might get my pay rise ahead of me.’
‘Okay – Emma Darling. And you do deserve it.’ Calling her ‘Darling’ sounded a bit weird, but in a good way. With a final glance back and a smile, he headed outside. With a quick check to see if there was anyone around, he trotted down the stone steps and hurried across the gravel drive into the car park. Kevin dispensed with the previous cautious reconnoitre and headed directly towards where his car was parked. Or where it had been parked. He stood staring at an empty bay.
There was a moment of confusion, questioning whether he was in the right place. He wandered around the car park looking up and down, then slowly, but slowly he realised that he wasn’t going mad, his car had gone.
He stood in the middle of the car park in a daze, unable to quite believe it. Had it been moved or seized by someone working on behalf of the hotel? A parking management company? Perhaps his registration had been entered incorrectly on the system and it was towed away deemed to be parked without permission. Although pissed off, Kevin didn’t doubt it could be sorted out, but it was the delay, forcing him to hang around increasing the chances of bumping into scary Emma.
Kevin investigated the car park for signs: ‘Parking for guests only’ – ‘Register your car at reception’ etc. Normally in managed car parks these warnings were everywhere, yet there were none. Not only was that odd, it was unreasonable. Not to warn people what will happen if you park your car without a permit was not only grossly unfair, but also surely illegal?
Reluctant to show his face back in the hotel, he rang reception.
‘The William Beaumont Manor Hotel, can I help you?’
‘Emma – it’s Kevin, the guy who has–– ’
‘Oh, hi, Kevin. Yes I know. How can I help? Changed your mind about leaving, or having that drink?’
‘Not exactly, it’s about my car. It’s gone. The parking management people you use – could they have towed it away by mistake?’
‘Oh, the car park’s not managed by an outside firm as we don’t normally have a problem.’
‘Oh,’ Kevin said slowly with a sinking feeling.
‘None of your friends attending the workshop have a key and might have moved it?’
‘No.’ Kevin pinched the bridge of his nose and screwed his eyes shut wondering if the weekend can get any worse. ‘Surely it can’t have been stolen?’
What exactly was he hoping she would say – that everyone was in on it and it was a prank set up for a hidden camera TV show. His car had been hidden for a cheap laugh? No. Being denied a means of escape from his own personal hell was surely more evidence that he had died in a ball of flame on the motorway driving there.
‘Look, come back into the reception and we can discuss it here. See what we can do – call the police.’
‘Er, this is a bit awkward . . .’
‘Yes, I know you’ve got an emergency to sort out.’
‘No, it’s not that.’
‘Is there a reason not to inform the police? Something about the car?’
‘No, it’s not that either. It’s a long story.’
‘Another one?’ Even though Emma had switched into strictly professional mode, she still laughed.
‘There could be problems if I bump into various people in the hotel.
‘Various people? Mr Pondlyffe? The guest who kept asking about your car?’
‘If that’s the guy with the tattoos, yes, and also a woman, his girlfriend?’
‘Oh!’
‘No, it’s not like that, although she seems to want it to be.’ Kevin knew he wasn’t making any sense. ‘Look, is there anywhere private, like a back office, where I can talk to you properly and speak to the police?’
‘Hang on.’
The phone went dead for a few moments and then Emma came back on the line. ‘Andrew will cover for me on reception. Go around to the rear of the hotel and I can let you in to the office.’
Kevin took a wide sweep around the side of the building to hoping not to be seen. Emma Darling was waiting for him standing in the doorway of a private rear entrance. He shot inside and she shut the door behind him.
‘Kevin,’ she said immediately. ‘I’m so sorry about your car. Things like that don’t happen around here.’
‘It’s not your fault – unless you were the one who nicked it of course.’
It was an odd time to be making jokes. Perhaps it hadn’t fully registered with him that his car was stolen, probably never to be seen again or if it was, only as a smouldering shell or wrapped around a tree, but Emma Darling had that effect on him.
‘Take a seat,’ she said. ‘Coffee?’
She made two cups.
‘First,’ she said. ‘I think we should phone the police. It might just have been abandoned somewhere and people have reported it? We have a direct line to the local police station in case we have any trouble – you know, with our regular clientele, it was useful to prevent walking sticks at dawn. I don’t suppose it is fitted with a tracker?’
He shook his head.
Kevin’s was a nice car, but non-descript, not the model of choice for boy racers. It never occurred to him it might be the target for any self-respecting joyrider, so the car’s security was the factory specification which had until now had proved adequate.
Emma Darling called through to the police.
‘Yeah, hi, it’s Emma from the William Beaumont Manor. I want to report a car we believe has been stolen from our car park. I have the owner with me . . . okay, I’ll pass you over.’
She handed the phone to Kevin.
‘Name? Yes, Grimm, Kevin Grimm. And yes, just like the fairy tales. Registration number?’ He gave it to them. ‘When? I don’t know. I’m assuming last night. It was there in the early evening, but it’s now gone.’ Kevin pulled a face. ‘Yes, of course it was locked and the keys weren’t in it . . . and no there was no sign of a forced entry with broken glass or anything on the ground . . . I have the only key. I’m holding it now . . . you’ll check the reports and call back.’
Kevin put the phone down. ‘I don’t think that copper is destined for a career at Scotland Yard.’
‘They don’t see much real crime out this way, occasionally a bit of agricultural stuff goes missing, but that’s about all,’ said Emma Darling. ‘You’ll have set the police station buzzing.’
‘If it wasn’t joyriders and it wasn’t dumped around here somewhere, it could be miles away – maybe even on a false set of plates, shipped off abroad,’ said Kevin. ‘God knows why though. Normally, the only people who buy that model of car check to see if their Zimmer frame fits in the boot. If I was nicking one, I would steal something decent. I wouldn’t mind, but in the car park there are Mercs and BMW’s they could have taken . . .’ His voice trailed off as the realisation struck him.
Vinny!
The caveman obviously wasn’t satisfied with simple mindless vandalism, but stole the car and probably parked it in a ditch somewhere as payback for the supermarket incident - the ‘bit of business’ Vinny referred to at breakfast.
‘Are you okay?’ asked hotel Emma.
Kevin was so deep in thought that he wasn’t aware he was staring vacantly into the distance.
‘No. Sorry. I was just thinking.’
‘It must be quite a shock when you know it has been stolen, that’s apart from the practicality of being without transport? Will they have got any personal items or anything valuable?’
Kevin cast his mind back. He didn’t treat his car like an extension of his personality as some people do, adorning it with car stickers, dangly things on the mirror and with hats, boxes of tissues, nodding dogs or fluffy toys on the parcel shelf. If he sold a car, it was simply a question of handing over the keys and leaving the handbook and service manuals in the glove compartment for the new owner. The only exceptions were the dash cams. He had one front and rear.
‘Not valuable. I think the dash cams are covered by the insurance as well.’
‘What I can’t get my head around is that whoever took it must have gone well out of their way to come here on the off chance of find a car to steal,’ said Emma Darling.
‘I didn’t see any CCTV cameras in the car park.’
‘There aren’t any, but even so . . .’
‘Maybe that’s why they thought they could get away with it.’
Kevin didn’t want to voice his suspicions about Vinny. Without any proof it was only a slanderous allegation.
‘He’ll be in bed now,’ said Emma Darling. ‘But I will check with Graham, the night porter, and ask if he saw anything suspicious or unusual activity going on in the car park.’
Kevin would have liked to think, if he had, he might have done something about it. But while on duty, Graham was probably as fast asleep as the hotel guests were – possibly bar one or two.
Kevin knew a guy once who was a night porter and managed to get sufficient forty winks behind a hotel reception desk in the small hours to hold down a full-time day job without suffering any ill-effects from it.
‘Hopefully,’ he said. ‘The police will call back quickly as I’m sort of stuck now, aren’t I.’
‘Most insurance companies arrange transport home in these situations,’ said Emma.
‘Once I get a crime number, I can call them.’
‘What a pity. This was supposed to be an enjoyable weekend break for you.’
Kevin snorted. ‘This isn’t how I hoped it would pan out, that’s for sure.’
‘It’s a shame.’
‘Do you need to get back to reception?’
‘I will have to shortly, but with a bit of luck the police will call back soon.’
‘I can’t thank you enough – you’ve been brilliant. Your boyfriend is a lucky man.’
‘Boyfriend?’
‘The gardener I saw you with.’
She smiled. ‘That gardener is my brother.’
‘Oh, sorry, I assumed . . .’
‘No, Damien is lovely, but we’re not romantically involved. We might be deep in the countryside, but you haven’t wandered into ‘Deliverance’ territory. See, five fingers on each hand and they’re not webbed.’
By rights, Kevin should have been in a foul mood, but she made him laugh and feel good. The fact that his car had been stolen no longer seemed a concern.
‘Okay,’ said Kevin. ‘But can you play a banjo?’
‘Nope, only the piano. So, how about you?’
‘I’m good on a keyboard too – computer ones. But as for music, I never even learned to play the kazoo.’
‘That’s not such a bad thing.’ Her smile was infectious.
The phone rang. Emma picked it up.
She nodded and passed the phone to Kevin. ‘Here. They want to speak to you.’
‘Mr Grimm, your car has been found.’
‘Excellent!’
‘Yes, but it’s causing an obstruction.’
‘Okay, so . . .’
‘You’ll need to arrange to have it moved.’
‘If it’s near the hotel I’ll jump in a cab and pick it up.’
‘It is only about a mile from the hotel, but you’ll need a recovery vehicle.’
‘Ah.’ Kevin massaged the bridge of his nose dreading the grizzly details. ‘Is it damaged then?
‘It’s not for me to say, because they will only be able to assess the extent of any damage once they’ve dragged it out of the river.’
‘River!’
‘Yes sir. The owner of the rowing boat hire business has complained that it will cost him revenue because his customers aren’t able to fully access the stream. And the environment agency has called and is concerned over the potential pollution hazard.’
‘I need to contact the insurance company.’
‘Best you do, sir. It needs to be sorted.’
Kevin confirmed the location and obtained a crime number then put the phone down. ‘Did you hear that – it’s in the river!’
‘Oh, Kevin, I’m so sorry. Which part?’
‘Ford Bridge?’
‘It’s lovely down that stretch.’
‘Well, it might have been. It’s a bit different from the odd shopping trolley or an old tyre spoiling a beauty spot.’
‘Look, I know a couple of local farmers – one of them might be able to help us by using their tractor to pull it out.’
Kevin was too stunned to think straight when speaking to the policeman, but no mention was made of checking for finger prints or gathering other evidence to investigate the theft.
‘I don’t think they’re investigating who took it.’
 ‘Maybe they don’t have the resources?’
‘Do you think I should call them back and double check before I disturb the crime scene?’ Kevin laughed at himself. Perhaps he had been watching too much ‘CSI’.
Emma Darling chuckled. ‘Unless there’s a dead body in the boot, I don’t think the guy with the rowing boats would appreciate a tent being erected over your car, the area taped off and men wading through the water in forensic coveralls checking for tiny fibres and DNA.’
‘And the police did tell me to move it.’ Kevin considered for a moment what his next move should be. ‘I’m going to call the insurance company first to see what they want me to do. I presume they will organise a recovery truck.’
There was a knock on the office door. A young man poked his head around. ‘Emma.’
‘Okay. Poor Mr Grimm here has had his car stolen.’
‘I’m sorry to hear that, sir. Hopefully they will get it back.’ Kevin glanced at Emma Darling with a wry smile.
Andrew hovered awkwardly. ‘Emma, I can’t stay on reception for much longer.’
‘Okay. Two minutes.’
‘Right, I’ll call them when I’m outside.’
‘I’ve got a better idea.’ Emma Darling entered details on the computer. ‘There we go. Room seventeen, ground floor. I’ll give you the key card in a second. I’ve booked you back in. Use the room as long as you like. At least you know you’ll have some privacy there and won’t be disturbed. And let me know if you need anything else.’
Kevin gazed at her longer than he should have. He had a very odd feeling in his stomach. It wasn’t the cannon ball indigestion from breakfast, but a fluttery sensation, pleasurable at the same time as churning and uncomfortable. She caught him staring. ‘Are you okay?’
‘No, fine, sorry.’
‘For what?’
Kevin was embarrassed. Not only for staring, but also because the supposedly go to the ends of the earth, unshakeable yearning he once had for Collette had been so easily cast aside. Once again, he wondered what Pam would say.
‘You’re as fickle as a kid let loose in a sweet shop.’
‘Sorry for putting you to all this trouble.’ He was sorry for that too. But not sorry that he had been able to spend more time in her company.


26


Sitting in his newly allocated room, the thoughts that occupied Kevin head’s wasn’t the loss of his car or anger towards Vinny – they were of Emma Darling.
Kevin couldn’t honestly say he had ever felt the way he did. He loved his ex-fiance, but she had never made him feel like that, even in the heady honeymoon period when their relationship started out. Collette ticked every box a man could want in a girl, a partner, possibly a wife and no doubt if it had worked out between them they would have made each other happy – yet that meant he would never have experienced this deeper, more intense and visceral feeling for another human being than he ever thought possible. He now understood the phrase: Love sick. It wasn’t the vague term thrown around by romantics, a bit like the exaggeration of man flu, but surely a medically diagnosable condition having typical symptoms and no known cure.
He questioned whether love, life and relationships should be so confusing. Other people’s affairs of the heart never seemed to be as tortuous as his.
Pam!!! Kevin needed her.
Although his head was upside down, one thing he needed to do was speak to the insurance company. He called them. After negotiating his way passed a series of electronic gate keepers, one for this and two for that, eventually he got to speak to a human being. Kevin explained what had happened.
‘Is the car driveable?’
‘I’m not sure. I assume not.’
‘It might just be a little damp.’
‘Damp! It is sitting in a river.’
‘But it depends how deep the water is. It could be in six-inches or six-feet.’
‘I don’t know, I haven’t seen it. Apparently, it is near where they hire rowing boats, so I think it’s safe to assume it’s not sitting in a puddle.’ Kevin didn’t want to be too sarcastic, but ‘Damp’ – the guy from the insurance company was having a laugh.

‘Okay, Mr Grimm, we’ll organise a recovery vehicle. Will you be present?’
‘When?’
‘They give us a time slot – let’s look. Er, between twelve and four today?’
‘Can’t they be more precise?’
‘No, I’m sorry. It’s all they give us. Is that okay?’
‘I suppose it’ll have to be.’
‘They do text when they are on their way though. Then the car will be taken to the nearest accredited garage and assessed in the next couple of days – following that, either it will be repaired and returned to you or declared a write off.’
‘And you’ll arrange transport to get me home?’
‘Unfortunately, that’s not included on your policy because you chose the budget option.’
‘Ah, yeah, I did, didn’t I,’ Kevin replied ruefully.
Kevin being careful with his money was well known to his pals. They had other names for his thrift that were less generous. He considered himself cautious, which was more to do with not senselessly frittering away, what politicians always describe as ‘Your hard earned cash’, as opposed to him being a tight git. His pals wouldn’t agree and now it was set to cost him a small fortune in cab fares.
‘Just to check, Mr Grimm – the police have confirmed your car was stolen?’
‘Of course it was! What do you mean?’
‘Have they visited the scene to corroborate your story?’
‘What story! There is no story. It was stolen. I’ve got a crime number. What, do you think, I drove it into the river myself?’
‘I’m not suggesting anything, but the loss assessors will need to make a decision based on corroborative evidence. Evidence of forced entry and tampering etc.’
‘But I’m fully comp – what difference does it make?’ As soon as Kevin said it, he realised it could be misconstrued as an admission of guilt.
‘As an industry, Mr Grimm, we do get a lot of fraudulent claims. Cars in a poor state of repair suddenly catching fire or being stolen and the owners claiming they are pristine examples and expecting to be paid out the top price for them.’
‘My car was!’
‘That decision lies with the assessors to evaluate.’
‘Bunch of crooks,’ Kevin said under his breath.
‘Is there anything else I can help you with today?’
There was a lot more Kevin could have said, none of it complementary or would further his cause, so he curtly answered – ‘No!’ – then jabbed a finger at the phone to cut them off.
Kevin used the room phone to call to Emma Darling. ‘I’m not sure how long I’ll be here.’
‘Well, it is no problem as far as the hotel is concerned. You did pay for the whole weekend after all.’
‘If you can call me a cab when the recovery people text me, that’ll be great.’
‘I might be able to do better than that. I’ll get one of the guys to run you down there. It is probably the least we can do since your car was stolen from here.’
If only to get more bad news out of the way, he contacted a local cab firm – A2B Minicabs. The company tag line was: ‘A local business dedicated to a personal and friendly service’.
Kevin told him where he was calling from and then gave his home address.
‘Where’s that?’ asked the controller.
Kevin groaned inwardly. That didn’t bode well for the cost. He named the large town that was nearest.
‘Oh, that’s quite a way.’
‘Yeah, I didn’t fancy walking,’ said Kevin injecting a touch of humour that the cab controller failed to pick up on.
‘No. That’s a long way on foot.’
Kevin knew what he meant, but if he was in a pedantic mood and being a bit of a smart arse, he would have pointed out that the distance was the same whether he walked or went by cab, but he didn’t – certainly not before the controller had quoted him a price.
‘That will be a fixed price of one-hundred and thirty pounds.’
‘Ouch! I didn’t think it would be that much.’
‘There and back is well over a half-a-days work for one driver.’
Kevin was thinking aloud, but not very diplomatically. ‘Is there Uber around here?’
‘No, sir,’ the controller replied tartly. ‘It’s us or you can try thumbing a lift.’
‘I’ll have to call you back as I don’t know when I’m leaving yet.’
‘Just to let you know, sir, if it’s after six-o’clock, because of the distance, there would be a fifty-percent surcharge and we will need the fare to be paid in full, in advance.’
‘Right.’
Kevin fell back onto the bed. It was a nightmare weekend to end all nightmare weekends. If it didn’t result in him suffering PTSD he would be amazed – with terrible flashbacks, nervous tics, sweaty palms with an irrational fear of supermarket car parks and minicab companies – and it’s not yet over. To cap it off, the insurance company might get funny about paying out too. It wasn’t hard to work out another potential nightmare with scary Emma around, which was why he had no intention of venturing out of his room until he had to. The only thing that lifted his gloom was that he had met Emma Darling. Just thinking about her made him go all fluttery inside. But even then, his innate pessimism reminded him that inevitably it would all end in heart-break and despair.
He stared wistfully out of the window across the gravel drive. He cast his mind back to the time before joining the DSWS – life had been so simple then. He had simple desires – his ambition was to be a writer, although back then his lack of talent hadn’t yet fully been revealed. Never-the-less he got pleasure from storytelling and enjoyed getting lost in its creativity. He had been basically happy. There was a hole in his life where a partner should have been that his mother was never slow to remind him of, but his emotions weren’t being pulled each and every way – the highs and lows of elation and despondency. The overriding cause for concern back then was his receding hair line. He hadn’t measured it lately, but he was amazed when he looked in the mirror that he still had any and it hadn’t all turned white.
While ruing the hand fate had dealt him, he saw from the bedroom window a familiar, fat, oafish figure waddle out of the hotel heading towards the car park. Kevin instantly gave him the evil eye wishing all manner of terrible things upon him, perhaps the most delicious of which was to have Vinny trip over and not be able to get up, squirming like a beetle on its back. And then hoping, like a beached whale dies under its own weight without the buoyancy of the sea, so Vinny would slowly expire, his grotesque beer belly squeezing the life out of him, effectively hoisted, or more appropriately, crushed by his own fat petard.
Another fate Kevin wished upon Vinny wasn’t as entertaining, but just as effective – having the over-weight slob drop dead of a heart attack, the exertion of hauling that gut any distance being too much for him.
Kevin surprised himself how lurid and mean his imagination could be. Then again why not, as there was little doubt that Vinny had dumped his car in a river. He deserved all the negative vibes Kevin could direct his way.
Keeping out of sight and peering around the window, Kevin followed Vinny’s progress across the car park. Vinny approached a big black Mercedes and opened its boot. It was too far away for Kevin to see what he was doing, but whatever it was, Vinny spent an age doing it. Kevin ducked out of sight as Vinny swung round and lumbered back to the hotel.
Once Vinny was inside the building and out of sight, Kevin resumed staring out the window and contemplated the tasty looking Merc. It was a very expensive car, expensive to maintain and repair, especially if it had deep scratches running the whole length. That sort of vandalism wasn’t exactly subtle though. Unless Vinny was incredibly dense, he would know it was tit-for-tat revenge for Kevin’s car being stolen. Although a scratch, no matter how deep, cannot compare to the damage inflicted upon Kevin’s car, which the insurance company suggested might only be ‘a bit damp’, to the other extreme of being a total write-off.
As satisfying as it would be to get one back on Vinny, if only in small measure by means of a bit of mindless vandalism, but Kevin couldn’t do it – he wasn’t that way inclined. And if he was honest with himself, he was too scared of getting caught. Neither would it have been sensible in broad daylight. With his car recovered, he expected to be away from the hotel long before he could act under the cover of darkness. When he leaves, Kevin might settle for giving it a quick boot in passing if no one’s looking.
He sat back down on the bed. He couldn’t help wondering how someone like Vinny can afford a car like that. Assuming he was in the building game, apart from site managers, there were few people on a site who had that sort of money to throw around even if the car was only leased. It crossed Kevin’s mind that Vinny was an underworld figure, a crime boss and had detailed one of his henchmen to do the nefarious deed and spirit Kevin’s car away. It made sense in a way. Nowadays, modern cars with their all security protection were hard to steal. Not that Kevin had ever stolen a car, but not long ago the ‘how to hot wire one’ was shown in old films all the time: for cars of a certain pre-electronic era, seemingly all it took was fiddling under the dash to find the two correct wires then join them together and hey presto! Not so now. It needed someone who knew what they were doing and were able to bypass the sophisticated alarm and the immobiliser systems – basically, a professional car thief.
Ultimately, until the car is dragged out of the river there’s no telling what had been done to steal it. In some respects it was irrelevant. If the car’s sitting in three feet of water, and a bit more than ‘damp’, Kevin won’t see it again once the recovery truck has taken it away, and thereafter he won’t care how the theft was carried out.
He checked the time. It was only ten-thirty. He could have hours to wait. He flicked on the TV again and scrolled through the channels. There was a good reason why daytime TV was on during the daytime, attracting little or no audience, even at the weekends. He turned it off again.
He lay down on the bed and stretched out with his hands behind his head as if he was on a sun lounger. He let out a long, meaningful sigh.
Part of him only had one desire – to get back home and start putting all this behind him. Some normality. The absence of a nice car in his life wasn’t normal, and in the meantime if he needed to get around other than for work, he can use his van. In fact the more he thought about it, the more it made him question whether he needed to replace his car at all.
He liked nice cars of course. They were a better drive and more comfortable, but he had bought it in the first place because his ex-fiance refused to go anywhere in his ‘dirty old van’ as she called it. He didn’t do thousands of miles each year requiring a prestige effortless cruiser, or was into penis-extension status symbols. Slumming it in his Transit for a quick trip to the supermarket or to play golf was no hardship.
Yet, as much as he wanted only to get out of there and home as soon as possible, he was painfully aware that meant he was unlikely to see his darling Emma Darling possibly ever again. And that was agony. He wanted to be bathe in her presence, to look at her, to talk to her, to take her in his arms and never let her go.
‘Have you no gumption, Kevin, go and ask her out before it’s too late!’
 Wow! He was channelling Pam now. She just popped into his head. She was right though. He had to get off his backside and do something about it rather than lying around moping, feeling sorry for himself.
Yes he must and yes he will ask her out, but when? He should do it now while he was brim full of Pam’s confidence. But immediately imagined the mayhem if he stumbled into scary Emma, doubly so if Vinny was around.
He took the cowards way out and called reception and recognised Andy’s voice.
‘Reception.’
‘Oh, hi, Andy’ said Kevin. ‘This is Kevin in room seventeen.’
‘Hi, Mr Grimm. How can I help you?’
‘Is Emma there?’
‘She’s on her break, I’m afraid. Anything I can help you with?’
‘No. I was hoping to have a word with her.’
‘She’ll be back in around fifteen-minutes. Can I pass on a message?’
Kevin’s mind worked in an odd way especially with word and phrase associations. He was immediately taken back nearly thirty years to his junior school, Andy’s offer being reminiscent of a primary school go-between named George. He was supposedly Kevin’s best pal, who passed on Kevin’s heart-felt love note to a pretty girl with freckles called Tracy. Kevin shouldn’t have reminded himself, because that all too brief, and one sided romance, as it turned out, didn’t end as he hoped, although George faired-well out of it. George and Tracy were an item for quite a while after the event. Kevin did eventually discover George wasn’t as much of a pal as he once thought and treachery had been afoot. When Kevin’s original note came to light and he saw the Love Kevin he had written at the bottom had been rubbed out and replaced with Love George, he quickly reviewed his classroom hit list of those to be taken out by his death stare.
Kevin had read somewhere that there was a tribe in South America who had perfected a death stare to kill their enemies and prey. Yet no matter how hard he tried to reproduce this fatal glare, none of his intended victims were felled by it. His strange goggle-eyed behaviour hadn’t gone unnoticed by the school staff though and it thereafter earned him several sessions with a children’s behavioural psychologist. Kevin never confessed to the real intention behind the staring, but stuck to his claim that he was only practicing for a ‘No Blinking’ competition.
He didn’t consider Andy as potentially scheming rival for his darling Emma Darling’s affections, but neither was Kevin ten-years old again either, expecting Andy to do his dirty work for him as a matchmaker to set them up. Although in some respects it would have been easier: ‘That bloke in number seventeen fancies you.’
‘I’ll call her back.’
‘Okay. No problem.’
Kevin resisted the urge to call back too quickly if only to play it cool.
He lay back on the bed and turned his thoughts to the DSWS gang. They will be all in the conference room eagerly absorbing the literary pointers on ‘Character Building’. Undoubtedly DS would be there resting back in the self-satisfied delusion of believing he knew it all and more.
Lynn will be there with her bag-for-life, the doctor standing doggedly against any literary techniques to make the personalities in his book anything other than two-dimensional, and the natural born writer, Collette having what she intuitively understood about people and character confirmed by the professional speakers. And perhaps scary Emma was in attendance too.
Kevin had no way of knowing, and no wish to find out, but it was always possible scary Emma had spoken to one of the DSWS guys, who then let it slip that Kevin was staying in the hotel.
As try as he might, Kevin couldn’t work out the dynamic between him, Vinny, scary Emma and her behaviour over the last few weeks with her obsessive online-stalking. With Vinny being such a grossly unpleasant and volatile character, if he got wind of what scary Emma had been up to, and her true reason for being at the hotel, she must know how crazily Vinny will react. Was it all a game to her? Getting some sadomasochistic thrill from provoking a vicious beast, revelling in the violent and explosive confrontations that would follow? Or was she attempting to escape from Vinny’s domineering possessiveness and believed Kevin was her ticket out? Yet she too demonstrated the self-same controlling nature and volatility when they briefly exchanged emails. Perhaps her mental illness, if that’s what it was, meant her behaviour defied explanation and there was little point in applying a normal rationale to what made her tick.
Never-the-less, Kevin had found himself in the middle of the madness through no fault of his own and wanted nothing to do with it.
At just before eleven he called reception.
‘Hi. Reception.’
‘Oh, hi, Emma it’s–– ’
‘Hi, Kevin. Have you heard from the recovery people?’
‘No, not yet.’
‘That’s a shame. I hope they’re not too long.’
‘Yeah. Look . . . I was wondering . . .’
‘What’s that?’
‘Erm . . . have you got a moment – are you free?’
‘Fairly.’
‘I was wondering . . .’ Kevin faltered, but he had to say something, anything. ‘Look, thank you.’
‘It was no problem.’
‘I need to ask you something.’
‘Fire away.’
‘I was wondering . . .’ Kevin really was useless at this sort of thing. If Pam was there she would be pulling her hair out. In fact Kevin would have pulled his own out if he thought it was likely to grow back again.
‘Kevin, I’ve got a guest come to see me, I’ll pop along to your room when I’m finished. Is that okay?’
‘No, yes, of course, sorry.’
‘See you soon.’
Kevin slumped down onto his bed. How hard should it have been to ask if she still wanted to go for a drink that she herself had proposed? It shouldn’t, but even though he was approaching forty, he still hadn’t lost his marbled-mouthed inhibitions when asking women out on a date. Because of his inept performance on the phone, he was left in the situation of having to speak face to face, which was an even more daunting prospect.
Logically, he would be simply taking her up on her offer, but Kevin never failed to question what people really meant to ensure he didn’t make a fool of himself.
He was aware that this caution stemmed back to his lack of worldly wisdom after he had left school. His first job was as an assistant stock controller in a large office. The company always organised a big summer event for the staff. It was a disco in a large marquee within the company grounds. One of the hot girls in marketing approached him with a ticket. Her smile was enticing as was her insistence that he came along. Initially he declined. He was no disco king. His dance moves were like someone with their finger in a mains socket, but less coordinated.
‘Oh, please, Kevin. I’d love it if you were there. It won’t be the same without you. We’d all miss you. I’d miss you.’
Kevin’s resistance wavered. ‘But I can’t dance. I’m hopeless.’
‘I can teach you.’ She shoved a ticket into his hand. ‘You’re coming – don’t let me down. See you on Saturday.’
So, rather excited, thinking he was well in there with her and that she must secretly fancy him, Kevin went along dressed to the nines and reeking of a primitive adolescent aftershave. The girl, Amy wasn’t in marketing for no good reason.
He got a couple of drinks down him before he made his move. She was talking with a group of friends. Kevin approached assuming she would instantly break away and be all over him like a rash – the two of them dancing the night away arm in arm, cheek to cheek and if he was lucky at the end of the evening, tongue to tongue. It didn’t happen. Even though Kevin hovered expectantly, she ignored him. Kevin assumed she hadn’t seen him and called to her.
‘Are you going to teach me to dance then?’
Her reaction wasn’t at all what Kevin had expected. She had a slightly perplexed looked.
‘Oh, yes, maybe later.’ She then resumed her conversation with her friends.
Kevin’s teenager naivety meant that he had been fooled against his better judgement by the easily led, dimwit in his pants. Amy had been tasked to sell the event to the staff, to get sufficient numbers to fill the marquee. Probably every man in the office who was hesitant to go to the do had been taken in by her persuasive charms. Ever since that time, Kevin was wary and over analytical of everything anyone said, and took that to the Nth degree when it came to love and personal relationships.
He lay on the bed and repeatedly run through what he was going to say. He even spoke out loud to practice, to ensure the words didn’t jumble up incoherently as they came out.
The knock on his bedroom door startled him. It didn’t sound like the knock he expected from his Emma Darling – too loud and too insistent. He slowly peeled off the bed and slid towards the door. There was more repeated knocking, but even louder.
‘KEVIN! I know you’re in there. Open this door, NOW!!’
He froze in terror. It was scary Emma!
He was too stunned to think or act. The crashing on the door was like a sledge hammer. Kevin snapped out of his shock. He instinctively rushed towards the window to escape. It was an original sash. He flicked open the locking clasp and raised the lower section. He swung his legs out and jumped down into a flower bed demolishing several clusters of petunias. Any other time Kevin would have been distraught and offered succour to the trampled plants, but there was no time to tend to the fallen.
He ran round to the rear of the hotel to take advantage of the expanse of the grounds, sure he would be able to find somewhere to lie low. Ahead, Emma Darling’s brother was weeding a bed.
Kevin tried to scurry by with a nod and a smile, but Damien got to his feet and greeted him. ‘Hi, Mr Grimm.’
‘Oh, hi, I . . .’
‘I understand I’m giving you a lift later. Sorry to hear about your car.’
Kevin was torn. He didn’t want to be rude, but neither did he want to stop to chat. ‘Yes, I know, it’s not good. And thank you.’
‘Have you any idea of the time yet?’
‘No. They said they’d call. Look, I . . .’
‘You taking in the grounds before you go?’
‘You could say that.’ Kevin became increasingly agitated which accounted for him suddenly blurting out. ‘Where can I hide?’
‘Hide?’ Damien scratched his head. ‘We haven’t got a bird hide here. There hasn’t been a call for one.’ He then laughed. ‘Actually we try to keep the birds away because they will eat all the seeds when we sow them.’
‘No. Where can I hide out of the way for the next couple of hours?’
Damien’s brow creased in confusion. ‘Ah, okay.’ He thought for a moment. ‘The kitchen garden is a little tucked out of the way. Nice spot too. How about that?’
‘Yes, I know, I’ve been there, but I need something more out of the way to . . .’ Kevin hesitated. To explain would be another long story. ‘No, okay, don’t worry. I’ll just find somewhere.’ He turned to walk off, but Damien called him back.
‘There’s always the gardeners hut. It’s a shack really, but it keeps the rain out – couple of chairs.’
Kevin didn’t have to think twice. Even if scary Emma came after him, it’s unlikely she will look there. ‘Where is it?’
Damien speared his fork into the flower bed and said, ‘Follow me.’
Kevin was like a dog straining on a leash. Just as the dog doesn’t know where its owner’s heading, but pulls hard to get there anyway, so too did Kevin. He didn’t want Damien’s pace to slacken, distracted by a bed or planting that required his attention.
Finally in an isolated spot hemmed in on three sides by tall hedging they arrived at the ramshackle shed with its peeling and faded paint and corrugated metal roof. It was deliberately kept well hidden so as not to distract from the contrasting magnificence of the grounds.
‘It’s not exactly luxurious,’ said Damien. ‘But if you are looking for a bit of privacy for a couple of hours, it’s well . . . what it is.’
Damien removed the padlocked and pulled open the door, the rusty hinges creaked like something out of a gothic horror. They stepped inside. It was cleaner than Kevin imagined and he actually felt quite at home among the assortment of bladed tools that hung from the walls and the range of garden machinery with the pervasive aromas of cut grass, oil and petrol.
‘The chairs are clean,’ said Damien. ‘And there’s a radio if you want.’
‘No, this is great. Thanks.’
‘Okay, I’ll leave you to it. If you hear from the recovery people, either come and find me or give me a call. Here’s my number.’ Damien handed Kevin a slip of paper.
‘Oh, by the way’ said Kevin, slightly embarrassed. ‘Look, can you not mention to anyone I’m here.’
‘Yeah, of course, no problem, Mr Grimm,’ Damien replied.
‘Actually,’ said Kevin. ‘Emma might be wondering where I am – if you see her . . .’
‘Will do.’ With that Damien departed.
Kevin fell into one of the chairs. He checked the time. It was just after eleven. He pulled the mobile from his pocket and considered calling Pam. He thought better of it. The whole thing was too complicated to explain over the phone and he wasn’t sure, even with all her life-long experience, what advice she could offer in this situation.
His thoughts returned to his Emma Darling. There was a strong possibility that she would have found scary Emma battering down his bedroom door. Kevin also wondered how was it that Vinny seemed to have no inkling as to what she was up to. Or maybe he did, but perhaps not to the full extent of her mania. Vinny had made a veiled reference regarding scary Emma attending the weekend workshop alone, and she was safe because all the delegates were, in his words, ‘nonces’. Presumably Vinny was confident that none of those gathered for the weekend were ballsy enough to try it on with his missus and her getting up to no good.
If the two Emma’s clashed, what outrageous lies might scary Emma come out with? Someone that unstable might say anything in a character assassination anything then what would Emma Darling think of him. In hindsight, he should have explained to Emma Darling what was happening, if nothing else to prepare her for what she might face. Kevin raised his eyes to the heavens. Someone up there didn’t want him to be happy.
He called the hotel reception.
‘Good morning. The William Beaumont Manor House Hotel. Can I help you?’
Andy’s sing-song voice was distinctive.
 ‘Andy. It’s Kevin in room seventeen.’
‘Oh, hi, Mr Grimm.’
‘Andy,’ Kevin said urgently. ‘Is Emma there?’
‘No. She’s just popping along to your room to see you.’
‘I’m not in the hotel right now.’
‘But, I didn’t see you leave. How . . . ?’
It wasn’t the time to explain his unorthodox exit. ‘Andy, can I ask – has there been any trouble in the hotel?’
‘Trouble? What sort of trouble?’
With the frightening volatility of scary Emma and Vinny, a disturbance couldn’t have happened without the whole world knowing.
‘No, okay,’ said Kevin. ‘Look, Andy will you get Emma too call me. Have you got my number?’
‘No problem – it’s on the computer.’
‘Great. Please ask her to call as soon as she can.’
‘No problem, Mr Grimm.’
Kevin was relieved. Hopefully there was no damage done yet. But scary Emma was like a volcano that could erupt at any moment regardless of the circumstances.
Kevin turned the radio on if only to pass the time. But switched it off again when he couldn’t tune into Radio 4 to catch Gardener’s World.
The phone rang.
‘Hi. Emma?’
‘Yeah, hi, Kevin. I’ve just been along to your room, but Andy says you’re not there. Are you okay? Have the recovery people called?’
‘No, not yet.’
‘So – I’m confused.’
‘I’m in the gardener’s shed.’
‘Okay . . .?’ she said slowly.
‘I bumped into your brother,’ said Kevin as though that should explain everything.
‘Is Damien there?’
‘No, just me.’ Kevin cringed. He knew he was making no sense what so ever. Once again, when talking to a girl and desperate to make a good impression on, he came across as a complete idiot. ‘I had to get out of my room. Was there a woman still banging on the door?’
‘No. Who . . . ?’
‘It’s the girlfriend of the guy who had been asking about my car. Her name’s Emma as well.’
Emma Darling proved to be a patient listener. Many would have given up and ducked out of the call by then needing a lie down in a darkened room.
‘So, why would she . . . ?’
‘It’s a long–– ’
‘––story?’ she laughed.
Kevin laughed too. He realised the absurdity of it all. It was the release valve he needed. ‘I definitely owe you that drink. Perhaps in that nice country pub you suggested?’
There was a hesitant pause at the other end of the line. He cursed himself. He could have chosen a better moment to pitch for the date, especially as his ‘normal’ rating must have hit rock bottom. The silence continued as he waited anxiously for her to reply. Was she thinking of the best way to let him down gently? No one could blame her if the only dated regular guys who didn’t talk in mad riddles and had no ‘long stories’ to justify their strange behaviour.
As the pause grew longer, Kevin had that all too familiar sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. This time only worse – a gnawing agony. The emotional high he was tumbling from – and he didn’t imagine it lightly, even though he had known her for such a brief time – was imminent rejection by the person who he felt had been destined to be the one true love of his life.
‘Look, Kevin, I’m sorry . . .’
That’s all Kevin heard. It was enough. Nothing more needed to be said.
‘No, that’s okay.’ He set the phone down in his lap. He stared out of the shed window. Little of the world beyond was visible through the grimy pane, but even if it looked out onto the Massai Mara with magnificent herds of elephants, zebras and giraffes as a back drop, he wouldn’t have noticed or cared.
Life was suddenly flat, almost meaningless and had become purely functional in a mechanistic, monochrome way. He couldn’t imagine the possibility of him experiencing joy ever again.
A couple of minutes later his phone rang again. It was the hotel. Kevin just stared blankly at the caller ID. He couldn’t face Emma’s ‘You’re a lovely guy and all that, but . . .’
Apart from the overwhelming sense of loss, almost like the finality and separation of bereavement, he also felt so foolish. He understood why romantics in past times when faced with such rejection committed suicide or ran away to join the Foreign Legion. The punishment and torture of a tyrannical military regime was nothing compared to the lifelong agony of a heart forever broken in two.
His phone rang a second time. Again it was the hotel reception. Kevin cut it off instantly. Emma was persistent, he gave her that. Emma Darling would have had no idea of the strength of Kevin’s feelings towards her. As Kevin reflected back, he accepted he was the architect of his own downfall. He must have come across as really fancying himself – a poor man’s Alfie – seemingly with Collette in his sights and having another man’s girlfriend hammering on his door. It would have sent out completely the wrong message to Emma Darling about who he was, which was ironic knowing how wide of the mark that was from reality. If Kevin only had had the chance to explain his ‘long story’ as regards Collette and scary Emma, it might have been so different. But now that was too late.
Damien appeared at the shed door.
‘Are you okay in here on your own? Emma asked me to check on you to make sure you were alright.’ Damien laughed. ‘That you haven’t lost a hand in the machinery.’
Kevin snorted. ‘I think I’m okay.’ He wasn’t in the mood to talk, but if only to establish his credentials with Damien, he said, ‘It’s what I do for a living. I’m a landscape gardener like you.’
‘Oh, really. So where are you working?’
‘It’s my own business. I work all over in my home town. Admittedly, nothing as fancy as this.’
‘I’m so lucky to work here. I love it. It is hard to get people with the same commitment to maintain the place to such a high standard. We’re looking for a new person now, so if . . .’
Kevin offered a flicker of a smile. Even in his despondency, he appreciated what a wonderful opportunity it would be to work in a place such as that. But if he was tempted, practicality dictated he lived too far away, and of course he had ‘‘His Ladies’’ and his mum to consider. Who would look after them? The other factor was Emma Darling. How could he work in such close proximity? It would be a constant and painful reminder of what might have been.
‘I prefer being my own boss. No one telling you what to do.’
That wasn’t strictly true. ‘‘His Ladies’’ were never slow to oversee the quality of his work or keep him busy with mission creep, those little extra jobs beyond those he charged them for. But he didn’t mind. They had no one else to shift furniture for them or change a flat tyre.
‘Well, if you change your mind and want to speak.’
‘I appreciate it.’
‘Anyway, I’ll let Emma know you’re safe. She said she was really worried because she couldn’t get hold of you on the phone.’ He raised his eyes and laughed.
‘This place is my natural playground. I’m fine here, just waiting for the call from the recovery guys.’
‘I’ll leave you to it.’
Damien strolled off. For a few moments Kevin stared after him. He considered what Damien had said. Was Emma claiming to be worried simply banter between brother and sister because Kevin was surrounded by sharp blades and powerful machinery and appeared to be bit of a clown? Or was it because she realised that Kevin had taken her rejection badly? Not knowing her well enough it was impossible to say. In reality it didn’t make any difference. It made her rejection no less hard to bear.
It certainly wasn’t an ego thing that the name Kevin Grimm should be remembered forever more – but there was a serious possibility he could pass into folklore: Having the Life of Kevin becoming synonymous with someone beset with a series of unmitigated disasters. Yes, he knew worse things happen at sea, as Pam’s husband discovered, and yes he knew many, many people were for worse off than him, but even so, was it too much to ask that just once in a while the gods who toyed in the affairs of men might have given him a break.
He checked the time again. It was a quarter to twelve. He prayed the recovery truck was early. He’d had enough and wanted only get out of there and go home. The hundred and thirty pounds to do so didn’t seem that unreasonable now.
His phone rang. It was the hotel reception – presumably Emma. He didn’t take the call. He couldn’t pretend everything was okay and attempt to sound his normal chirpy self. The voicemail tone bleeped. He was tempted to play the message, but just hearing her voice would twist the knife. He didn’t dive into a bottle when life did him down, as drinking too much left him wrecked afterwards. But on this occasion, he could have easily set aside being Mr Sensible, regardless of the post maudlin hangover.
Literally at the stroke of twelve his phone bleeped again. A message from the recovery truck said it was twenty minutes away. It asked Kevin to confirm he will be on site. Kevin typed back ‘yes’.
He called Damien.
‘Hi, Mr Grimm.’
‘Please, call me Kevin. The truck’s on its way. How long do you think it will take to drive there?’
‘Ten, fifteen minutes tops. Do you want to go now?’
‘Yes, if that’s okay?’
‘I assume you have seen the small staff car park to the side of the hotel – I’ll meet you there.’
Kevin slid his phone into his back pocket. He leant out of the door to check it was all clear and then quickly made his way to the staff car park, passing the pool that was still out of order. Damien stood waiting in the small car park where there were fifteen or so cars parked. He beckoned Kevin over.
‘This is my trusty old tractor, as I call it,’ said Damien.
Kevin appreciated, rather than loved old classic cars, but the aging Land Rover was something else. It was the must have vehicle for anyone connected to the land in this country. ‘How old is it?’
‘Nineteen fifty-nine with the original diesel engine and unrestored bodywork. Not very comfortable, or reliable unfortunately, but when it works, it’ll go anywhere. Are you set? Got the car keys?’
Kevin instinctively slapped his pocket. ‘Yep.’ Depending on the state of his car, he wasn’t sure how necessary they would be either to open it or hope to start the engine. Kevin jumped into the passenger seat. Damien fired up the engine.
‘Okay, let’s go.’


27


The journey to the reported location took less than ten-minutes, but it wasn’t immediately obvious where the stolen car was. They knew they were roughly in the right place because of the rowing boat hire. And it wasn’t hard to see how the car ended up in the river at that point as the country lane ran alongside the bank for a hundred yards or so with only a narrow grass verge separating the two.
‘The bank’s quite steep at this point on the river,’ said Damien.
They jumped out of the Land Rover and stood looking along at the river. The car was upstream, beyond the rowing boats. The water was at window level which meant it was safe to assume the car will be a little bit more than ‘damp’.
A man emerged from the wooden boat hire kiosk.
‘You come to move this?’ he growled.
His aggressive attitude shocked Kevin. He imagined in such a delightful Trumpton-like rural idyll the inhabitants were genial country folk content to chew on straws and doff caps at strangers.
‘The recovery truck’s on its way.’
‘Lost a morning’s business. Drunk were yer?’
Kevin glanced at Damien, unsure what the proprietor was inferring. Damien seemed to have caught on and shook his head at the man’s manner. Then Kevin realised what he had suggested and was incensed. It was the sort of thing DS might say and it had the same effect on him.
‘For your information, the car was stolen and dumped here – is that okay?’ Then added with undisguised sarcasm. ‘Terribly sorry if that’s an inconvenience. It is pretty inconvenient for me as well.’
‘Don’t see no car crime round ‘ere, only drunk young lads tearing through these lanes. But if the police believe you, well . . .’ The proprietor shrugged and returned to his kiosk.
‘Don’t worry about him,’ said Damien. ‘Joe is known for being a bit cantankerous.’
Kevin made no comment. Cantankerous wasn’t the word Kevin would have used. He lost any sympathy he might have had for Joe’s loss of earnings.
They walked past the tatty kiosk to where the car sat half-submerged in the water. The distance between the river bank and the road was wider there and had been adopted as a rough unofficial parking area. The tyre tracks from Kevin’s car were clearly visible veered across it, which accounted for the car resting on the riverbed angled to the bustling flow.
‘I think that’ll be a write-off,’ said Damien. ‘If the engine was running when it went in, water sucked into the cylinders will blow the whole thing apart.’
‘Even if it isn’t, the dampness issue will be a problem too.’
Damien shot him a quizzical glance. ‘Damp?’
Kevin had already come to terms with the loss of his car even before they had arrived, so making light of it wasn’t a big deal. ‘The insurance company said it might only be, “a bit damp”.’
‘Oh, I see.’
Kevin pulled his phone out. ‘That reminds me, I want to get a few shots of how we found it, just in case there’s any quibble later. I know what these insurance companies are like.’
He took several pictures from various positions, up, down and directly across the river. He zoomed-in to look for obvious signs of it having been broken into. There were none.
They both spun round hearing the growl of a heavy vehicle approaching. The bright red and white recovery truck turned the corner into view. ‘Rod’s Recovery Services’ was emblazoned across the front of the cab and so there should be no doubt, across the top of the windscreen a LED light box also scrolled the company’s name. It pulled up beside Kevin and Damien.
Presumably, the Rod, of ‘Rod’s Recovery Services’ leant out of the window.
‘Mr Grimm?’ His eyes flicked between the two.
‘That’s me,’ said Kevin.
He hopped down out of the cab and immediately started assessing the situation, kicking at the steep bank to check how solid the ground was. ‘Okay, we need to get this sorted out and your car on the back of the truck.’
‘Do you need any help?’
‘No. I should be good. It looks a tricky one, so if I can ask you to stand clear.’ He looked up and down the narrow lane. ‘The problem I have is that, I’ll need to angle the truck as I back it up to the bank so traffic won’t be to pass. I’ll need to temporarily close the road. I’ll get it done as soon as I can.’
‘So how long will that be do you reckon?’
‘Once I get the cables secure, about twenty minutes.’
Rod methodically went about his business setting out ‘Road Closed’ signs along a hundred yard stretch of the road. Then he lay two massive rubber blocks within feet of the river bank as chocks to prevent him reversing too far. He donned waders and used the cable run out from the winch to ease himself in the water.
‘Is that cold?’ Kevin asked with chuckle. ‘You won’t catch me in there.
‘I’ll get used to it.’
Rod scrambled out of the water and powered up the winch. The cable snapped taut and with creaks and groans from the car it was turned and aligned ready to drag up the steep incline.
Rod stopped the winch. ‘Mr Grimm,’ he called out. ‘I just thought I’d warn you that this won’t be very pretty as the angle of the slope means it will probably cause more damage to the underside of the car.’
‘There’s no option,’ said Kevin.
With the bonnet clear of the water, the winch clunked to a halt. 
‘I’ll hold it there for a few minutes as I need to drain as much water out of it as I can.’
Rod rejoined Kevin and Damien by the river bank gazing upon the drowned car as it slowly emptied of water through every unseen pore.
‘I can’t leave that volume of water in there,’ said Rod. ‘It will make the load unstable when I go around corners. And all that water draining out onto the road could be a hazard to other drivers. We’ll have to wait I’m afraid.’ Rod laughed. ‘If this had been a car built thirty years ago, it would have emptied by now. The build quality and seals weren’t anywhere as good as these modern ones.’
So, all three stood and watched the painful process of the water trickling out of the car and running back down into the river.
‘I’ve got the keys,’ said Kevin. ‘I could open one of the doors?’
‘Not until the level’s much lower. Too much pressure inside now. It might rip the door off and take you with it. And actually, having been stolen, it’s unlikely that the door will be locked anyway.’
Joe appeared investigating the lack of action. ‘What’s going on, apart from you ruining my business? How long’s this road going to be closed?’
‘Not much longer,’ said Damien.
Joe turned to Kevin. ‘Your insurance details – I want them so I can claim compensation.’
Kevin was in no mood for arguing. ‘Sure, no problem. We’ll sort it out once the car’s on the trailer,’ he said while thinking, good luck with that. It’ll give his insurance company a good laugh – especially as they were even making noises to wriggle out of paying Kevin its full value.
Chuntering under his breath all the way, Joe returned to his kiosk.
‘Pleasant chap,’ Rod said with heavy sarcasm.
‘He’s what they call a local character,’ said Damien.
‘Well,’ said Rod. ‘I suspect a lot of people around here have another name for him that also begins with ‘C’. Anyway, let’s see how we are doing.’
Rod edged down to the water’s edge gripping the cable and peered inside the car. ‘That’ll do. I think it’s safe to get it onto the truck now.’
Rod clambered back up and resumed winching. The steeply angled bank meant the underside of the car ground out when the rear wheels reached the road level. There were awful graunching noises that culminated in the exhaust system being ripped off and left behind on the slope.
Rod came over to inspect the problem. ‘Sorry, Mr Grimm, there’s not much I can do about that. I have to write a report for the insurance company confirming any damage in transit. Will you be happy to confirm what’s happened?’
‘I’ll happily confirm that. I’ll take pictures as well, should they want them.’
Rod restarted the winch. Finally, all four wheels were back in contact with the ground again allowing the car to be pulled freely towards the recovery truck.
‘Stand back if you don’t want to get your feet wet,’ said Rod.
He grabbed the driver’s door handle and gave it a sharp tug. The door flew open under pressure from the wall of water behind. Once the wave had subsided, Kevin peered inside the car. He was curious how it had been stolen, whether by brute force as in smashing the steering lock off, or something more sophisticated. Everything seemed intact. His car wasn’t the most complicated piece of machinery on the road, but he was pleased to see that there weren’t just two wires twisted together hanging from underneath the dash either. Whoever took it knew what they were doing.
He retrieved the micro-dash-cam from the windscreen that was discretely hidden out of sight behind the rear view mirror. It had been submerged in water, which he guessed meant it was kaput, but there was a chance that the memory card was salvageable and if necessary used as evidence.
The rear facing dash cam, which had been stuck on the glass tailgate by a sucker wasn’t there. Sometimes in hot weather it fell off of its own accord due to the heat, but it would normally still dangle by its cable. But there was no sign of it. The cable was there, but no dash cam.
He opened the tailgate assuming it must have dropped into the boot space, but it hadn’t.
‘Found what you need?’ Rod asked, subtly chivvying him along.
‘There was another dash cam.’ Kevin pulled up the boot carpet to see if it had fallen underneath into the well for the spare wheel. He couldn’t see how that was possible, but he looked anyway. It wasn’t there either.
‘Can’t find it? I’ll have a look in the back,’ said Rod. ‘It might have been thrown forward from the impact with the water and dropped into the rear footwell or rolled under the front seats.’ Rod emerged from the back of the car a few moments later. ‘Can’t see it there either. I reckon whoever took the car took that as well.’
‘Yeah, could be,’ said Kevin. ‘But why only the back one and not the front?’
‘Perhaps they didn’t know the front one was there,’ said Damien. ‘I didn’t it see at first tucked behind the mirror like that, especially with the concealed wiring. Being so small, it would have been even less obvious at night. You couldn’t miss the one on the tailgate.’
‘Sorry, guys,’ said Rod. ‘But I need to get this shifted and the road reopened.’
‘No, okay,’ said Kevin. ‘I appreciate all your help. So where are you taking it?’
‘I report to the insurance company and they will contact you with the details.’
Damien and Kevin headed back towards the Land Rover. Joe was waiting for them standing outside his kiosk, with hands on hips and an angry scowl.
‘It’s ‘bout time,’ he growled. ‘Insurance details!’
‘No problem,’ Kevin said breezily. ‘I’ll jot them down for you.’
Joe stood his ground when Kevin attempted to step past him and enter the kiosk. ‘Where you goin’?’
‘I’ll need a pen and something to write on.’
‘I’ll get one. Staff only in here,’ said Joe and returned inside.
If only to aggravate the local ‘character’, Kevin ignored him and followed in behind. The kiosk was basically a big garden shed. It had a large opening with a counter that faced onto the landing stage and a pair of shutters tied back to secure the place at night.
‘Oi! What you doin’? Told ya, staff only.’
Kevin again ignored him and snatched a pen from the narrow counter. There was a sheet of paper leaning against a rack of trays and he reached out for it.
‘Oi! Not that bit!’
Joe went to grab it, but Kevin was too quick. Hidden out of sight behind the sheet was a dash-cam sat in the middle tray.
Joe instantly blurted out, ‘It’s mine.’
The dash-cam looked remarkably like the missing one from the tailgate of Kevin’s car. It was the same make and model – quite a coincidence that Joe should have one that was identical with them being relatively rare. Kevin didn’t say anything, but turned to Joe and raised an eyebrow.
‘You can’t prove it isn’t,’ growled Joe. ‘There’s no memory card in it, so no video, right.’
Joe was living up to his reputation as a ‘character’.
Kevin smiled. ‘It doesn’t need one. The SD card is only a back-up. It has a huge internal memory. It’s the only one available on the market. And it doesn’t need to be plugged into the car’s power supply to work either – it has long life batteries. It will be interesting to see what’s recorded on it. But I thought you’d know all that, Joe, seeing as you claim it is yours.’
Joe’s attitude turned around instantly. ‘Perhaps, maybe, I think I may have mixed it up with the one I’ve got.’
‘It’s probably the one from my car then. I’ll take it then, shall I?’ said Kevin. He placed the pen back on the counter. ‘I don’t suppose you’ll be needing my insurance details now?’
‘No, that’s right. Getting your car stolen is just one of them things. Bad luck.’
‘And the SD card . . . ?’
Joe produced it from his pocket. ‘I didn’t want it to get wet.’
Kevin rejoined Damien by the Land Rover.
‘Got it sorted?’ Damien asked climbing in behind the wheel.
‘Even better,’ said Kevin. ‘I got the other camera back. Joe said he was looking after it for me.’
Damien shot Kevin a glance. ‘Joe took . . . ?’
‘For safe keeping, apparently. As you said: a local character.’ Kevin thought for a moment. ‘Damien, could you use these? There doesn’t seem any point me holding onto these dash cams. At least the back one should be okay.’
‘Yeah, but what about when you get another car?’
‘I’m not sure if I am going to yet. If you want them, take them.’
‘Well, if you’re sure?’
‘Definitely.’


28


The Land Rover pulled up in the hotel staff car park.
‘Here we are then.’
‘I really appreciate your help, Damien.’
‘It’s the least the hotel can do. So, are you staying with us for the rest of the weekend?’
‘I’m going to try to get home today if possible. It hasn’t been a good couple of days in one way or another.’ Kevin snorted at his own massive understatement.
‘Sorry about that,’ said Damien.
‘It’s not your fault, you’ve been great.’ Kevin had a thought. ‘Actually, is there another cab firm around here apart from A2B?’
‘Not local. Tons in Brighton obviously. Which way are you going?’
‘A couple of hours the other way, northward.’
‘Ah.’
‘Oh well, it’s only money.’
‘Anyway, it has been good to meet you, Kevin. If you have second thoughts about a job, just give me a call.’
‘Cheers, Damien.’
Damien strolled off into the grounds, leaving Kevin standing in the staff car park. The first thing he needed to do was arrange a pick-up time with A2B. The faster he was out of there and on the road the better, but he needed to retrieve his travel case.
He will be quite happy to hang around outside and wait for the cab to arrive if it meant avoiding scary Emma. For the exact same reason, he thought it wiser to return to his room the same unorthodox way he exited it earlier.
He slipped down the side of the hotel. As he rounded the front of the building, he crouched low and scurried up to his bedroom window. If there was any doubt it was the right one, the sorry looking cluster of petunias beneath the ledge confirmed it. The bottom sash was still partially open. He raised it then hauled himself through the opening.
Once inside he brushed himself down. His bedroom door was intact and still on its hinges, seemingly no worse for the assault earlier. The case stood on the floor where he left it. He pulled out his mobile and called A2B.
‘Yeah, hi, I rang earlier about booking a cab . . . uh-huh. I think I did mention Uber . . . so, I’d–– ’ Kevin let out an audible sigh. ‘So, you haven’t got a driver available at the moment. What about later?’ Kevin slumped onto the bed. ‘. . . You might have? How can you be not sure? . . . Traffic – what! Around here? Yes, I know it’s the twenty-first century and there are a lot of cars on the road. So when should I call you back to confirm a cab for this afternoon? . . . In a couple of hours . . . Tomorrow is quieter! What! Surely . . . ! Okay, okay, and if it has to be tomorrow? . . . There would be a surcharge because it’s a Sunday and it’s supposed to be a day of rest.’ Kevin daren’t ask but he had to. ‘And how much is this surcharge?’ He swore under his breath. ‘Double the normal rate – two-hundred and sixty quid!’ He screwed his eyes shut. I’ll call you back – I need to speak to my mortgage broker.’
Sarcasm wasn’t the best idea, but A2B were taking the piss. He had paid less than that for his first car after passing his driving test. His original plan to hang around the grounds until the cab arrived was now a non-starter – he could be waiting hours. For the time being, the best strategy was to keep his head down and stay put. If no one knew he was there, he won’t get any aggravation.
He threw himself back on the bed determined to wallow in his misery, but a need of a more practical nature let itself be known. His stomach rumbling made him realise just how hungry he was. He couldn’t face the huge breakfast he had so looked forward to and now he was starving. If a cab was on route he would have been able to ignore the urgent noises from his stomach that sounded like bath farts, but with the prospect of not leaving the hotel until later or even possibly next day at the earliest, the hunger gnawed at him. He doubted Dominoes on their little mopeds ventured that far out and neither could he imagine anyone was paid enough to frantically pedal a Deliveroo pushbike through the winding country lanes to ensure a takeaway was delivered hot and on time.
Kevin reached for the hotel menu. It was all very over the top. Even what was simply cheese on toast sounded extremely grand – specifying the variety of locally sourced wheat flour that went into the craft bread, the genetic variety of the yeast used and naming the local dairy farmer who handmade the Cheddar cheese from his purebred herd of Friesians. The only thing missing was the name of the individual cow that supplied the milk. Their commitment to local businesses and pretentious waffle seemingly justified a price tag of twenty pounds.
It was extremely rare for Kevin to eat in high end restaurants – very special events only: his thirtieth birthday, when he and his ex-fiance got engaged – but when he saw the florid descriptions on a menu proudly proclaiming the provenance of each ingredient, as in the Cheddar being produced by a local farmer, he always thought, so what. Just because it was locally sourced it didn’t necessarily mean the cheese was any better than you could buy in Tesco – that particular farmer might make awful Cheddar. Who would buy a bottle of English fizzy wine made in a shed by a bloke a few doors down at double to price of a genuine bottle of champagne just because it was a ‘locally sourced product’?
As starving as he was, not only couldn’t he justify spending nearly twenty quid on a bit of bread and cheese that had been slung under a grill, but also using room service would flag up him being in the hotel. Paranoid possibly, but he didn’t want the slightest possibility of scary Emma getting wind of him having returned.
He lay on his bed staring vacantly at the ceiling. If he had something to take his mind off food he probably wouldn’t have noticed just how hungry he was. But in the quiet of the room there was no such distraction. His rumbling stomach tormented him as did his despondency about life in general.
It was with unashamed self-pity that he reflected on his woes – Shakespeare’s: ‘Slings and arrows of outrageous fortune’. In the course of one weekend, which wasn’t yet over and still could have more unpleasant surprises in store, he had lost a car, lost the love, or possibly two, of his life, was set to be ripped off just to get home and now he was starving due to some fat ignorant oaf who deprived him of one of life’s true pleasures – a massive fry-up breakfast. That was in addition to being forced to stay in hiding to avoid someone who was deranged. What else can go wrong?
Some people, like his mother, had little sympathy for people who felt sorry for themselves. She often referred to the hardships of the war and enduring the blitz where people didn’t complain and they just got on with it.
Naturally, except for bedtime, there was a period when young children accepted everything they were told by their parents without question. Only later do they become worldly-wise enough to make reasoned judgements and challenge the claims they were once assured were true – tooth fairies, Father Christmas, etc. With Kevin, it was his mother’s age and her alleged wartime experiences. He discovered she was born in nineteen fifty-four. So, unless as a child, she was raised in Hanoi and suffered under the American aerial onslaught during the Vietnam War, the only bombing she needed to avoid growing up was in the local swimming baths by young tearaways.
In Kevin’s opinion, lamenting his fate was fully justified, and that he was ravenous, compounded it. If he couldn’t get a cab today, he didn’t know what he would do. He didn’t even have the evening buffet to look forward to, not with scary Emma prowling the corridors like some lurking predator. Then he had a moment of inspiration – the pub Emma Darling mentioned. He Googled it.
The search returned The Green Man. It look exactly like the type of pub you expected to find in the middle of the countryside – probably a few centuries old if not more, thatched roof, window boxes and hanging baskets with vibrant multi-coloured flowers in full bloom and a neat arrangement of tables and chairs with huge pub branded sunshades outside.
He clicked on the menu. It wasn’t a cheap chicken-in-a-basket pub, but unlike the cab firm or the hotel, he didn’t need to speak to his broker to eat there either. He would happily choose any of the hearty main courses listed, except, naturally, the vegetarian option. There were limits to what would hit the spot. He wondered if they offered a delivery service to make life easier – although the food being delivered via his bedroom window would cause a curious eyebrow or two to be raised. Delivery wasn’t advertised on the website, but there would be no harm in asking. He called the number.
‘Green Man.’
‘Oh, hi,’ said Kevin keeping his voice low to prevent him being heard outside his room. ‘Are you still serving food?’
‘We are – it is served all day Saturday.’
‘I was wondering, I don’t suppose you deliver?’
‘Unfortunately, sir, it is quite hard to get a table and chairs into the back of my car and the food doesn’t tend to be very warm when I get there.’
That’s all Kevin needed – a comedian, and a sarcastic one at that.
‘No, okay. Can I book a table then?’
‘What time are you thinking?’
It was two-thirty. He did a quick calculation to give him enough time to smarten up and get there on foot.
‘Three-thirty?’
‘Ah, I can do you a four-thirty?’
‘Yep, that’s fine.’ It wasn’t, he might have faded away before then, but it would have to do.
‘How many people?’
‘One. Just me.’
‘Oh. So, is it just a bar snack you’re after? The chef does a lovely welsh rarebit. He assures me that no small fluffy animals from Wales are hurt in its making.’
Kevin swore under his breath. They seemed to have a fixation with cheese on toast in these parts and bad jokes. ‘No, I want a proper meal.’
‘Right, table for one it is. I need a name – Norman is it? And I’ll need to take a deposit – Twenty pounds.’
‘Norman? No I’m . . .’ Then Kevin got it – Norman-no-mates. Hilarious. Another local character. Something else the area obviously specialised in.


29


Kevin crept around his bedroom cursing every floorboard that creaked loudly underfoot threatening to betray him. He even ran the en-suite tap at a dribble to ensure it couldn’t be heard beyond his room when he had a wash to freshen up. Having changed his shirt and trousers due to the lingering smell of the river on them, he cautiously leaned out of the window to check if it was all clear. He tried to avoid them as he dropped down into the flowerbed, but more petunias were crushed underfoot falling victim to his eccentric means of departure. As a compassionate gardener, he winced at the damage and took a moment to bend down and apologise profusely to the plants before quickly making his way along the driveway.
At the end of the drive, he stopped to get his bearings from the phone’s satnav then headed off. There was no paved edge or even a footpath, so when a car came along he had to get out of the way as best as he could. At some points there was a narrow grass verge to hop onto, at others he had to squeeze into a bush that had grown out directly onto the roadside. That wasn’t pleasant, as the needle-like thorns showed him little mercy, making no allowance for the years of tender, loving care he had shown their distant cousins while working in his home town. But maybe via Mother Nature’s telegraph the felled petunias had warned the flora thereabouts that Kevin had been terrorising the local plant life and he was due payback.
Then it began to rain.
With his head bowed against the sudden downpour, he pressed on, all the while cursing. Passing vehicles didn’t reduce their speed, either as a sensible precaution, or in consideration of the lashings of spray thrown up. A couple of cars roaring up behind him even gave him a blast on their horns, which wasn’t so much a friendly warning of their approach as an expression of their disgust that they had been forced to reduce their speed and swerve round him.
When it happened a third time, Kevin was as pissed off as the drivers were. Did these people really think he was out there in that weather simply to annoy them? He leaned in as hard as he could into a stout bush that did its level best to push him back out into the road. This time the impatient driver behind didn’t sweep past sending up a vast plume of spray that seemingly always had Kevin’s name on it, but tooted again. Kevin’s heckles rose. He refused to look back to acknowledge the idiot. It would have annoyed him even more to see some silver-haired old duffer driving a small Japanese car who was unable to drive around the six inches of his body that protruded into the roadway, especially as there was no traffic in the opposite direction. How much room did these bloody people need?
Old people especially had this strange reticence to use their steering wheel to go round corners or negotiate obstacles, perhaps on the assumption that if they slow down enough the car will magically do it of its own accord – or seemingly in this instance, if they were patient, the obstruction, in the shape of Kevin, will make more of an effort to selflessly impale himself upon the sharp thorns.
Kevin squeezed into the bush even tighter and waved for them to pass. The car tooted again. He knew he mustn’t be unkind to old people, but they shouldn’t be on the road. They were a danger to themselves and others. Finally he spun round to confront the driver and encourage them on their way. It wasn’t a tiny Japanese car with a coffin dodger inside, but a big black Mercedes. It pulled up alongside Kevin. The passenger window rolled down.
‘Alright, Col. I clocked it was you.’
Kevin couldn’t believe it, he really couldn’t believe it.
‘Do yah wanna lift?’
If it had been anyone else, he wouldn’t have hesitated, but not with Vinny. There was no way Kevin would accept a lift from that odious, car-thieving caveman.
‘I’m alright. I need the exercise.’
‘What, in this shitty wevva.’
‘It’s quite refreshing.’
‘It’s shit. Like this place. Shit. Where you goin’?’
‘Oh, I don’t know,’ he replied vaguely and lying. ‘Up this way. Just walking.’
‘I’m goin’ down the pub. Bin told there’s one down ere’. I can’t stand the shit in that uvva place. It’s little celebration. I got a bit a business sorted out last night that needed doin’.’
Kevin was incensed. Not only has the guy dumped his car in a river, but now he will be forced to share the pub with him to celebrate that fact. Kevin could have screamed and shook his fist at the gods.
‘Alright, Col. See yah later.’
The big Merc drove off.
Before Vinny appeared, Kevin was cold and wet and really hungry, but now he strode forward driven by a furious resentment. How could Kevin relax and eat his meal in peace knowing Vinny was around. The man was an antisocial hand grenade. He only had to open his mouth for people to be revolted by him. The absolute worst of it was that Vinny with his chummy ‘Col’ will create the impression they were pally and Kevin therefore by association will also be considered as ignorant as Vinny. But he was too famished and too determined to get fed to turn back, Vinny or no Vinny.
Kevin now trudged on through the rain with little enthusiasm. Eventually he rounded a bend and spotted the pub in the distance. Within a few minutes he had crossed the pub car park and reached the main entrance. There were six or seven cars parked, one of which was Vinny’s. He took a deep breath to steel himself then plunged inside.
It was a proper old country pub – low beams, lathe and plaster walls, small leaded windows, cosy and relaxed. Not unexpectedly for July, there was no fire set in the huge inglenook fireplace, which would have been a godsend in Kevin’s bedraggled state – although warming by it, Kevin would have steamed like a fresh dog turd.
Although all the tables were full, the air was subdued and any talk was at a politely low level. The sight of Kevin’s soggy arrival, dripping onto the ‘Welcome’ mat briefly turned a few heads, but they respectfully didn’t overly stare at the guy who appeared to have taken a shower with his clothes on.
Kevin looked up and down the bar. Vinny had to be around somewhere, but for the moment he was nowhere to be seen.
The landlord was talking with an older white-haired man in a flat cap leaning against the bar. He broke off the conversation when he saw Kevin.
‘Is it raining?’ he called across to Kevin.
Kevin wasn’t adverse to sarcasm himself. ‘What makes you say that?’
‘Just a guess.’
Kevin stepped up to the bar. ‘I booked a table. I’m under the name, Norman, I believe – table for one.’
The landlord wasn’t as mischievous face to face and looked a little embarrassed at perhaps having gone too far with his cheeky telephone banter. ‘Ah, yes, four-thirty. You’re a bit early, but that doesn’t matter.’
Kevin then heard a voice behind him that made him shudder.
‘What you doin’ ‘ere, Col?’
Kevin’s head dropped and he mouthed, fuck!
The landlord didn’t look too impressed either. His attitude changed instantly towards the soggy arrival, his smile replaced by a harsh glare.
Kevin didn’t turn to acknowledge Vinny if only to distance himself. ‘Just getting something to eat.’
‘I fancy some grub. I hope the stuff they’ve got ‘ere is better than that shit up the road.’ Vinny leant forward over the bar. ‘Oi, mate, gotta menu?’
‘We’re full. No tables,’ the landlord snapped sharply.
Undeterred, Vinny checked the dining tables making his own assessment as to when one would be free. He pointed to one where the couple had just finished coffees. ‘Those geezers will only be a couple of minutes.’
‘It’s reserved for the next booking’ the landlord stated bluntly. ‘They’re all reserved.’
‘You gotta table, Col?’
Kevin felt physically sick. ‘Yeah, but only for one.’ He glanced at the landlord, his eyes pleading for support. If the landlord’s expression was indicative, he wanted them both out of his pub. In any other circumstances Kevin would have willingly obliged to distance himself from Vinny, but he desperately needed food. A tense stand-off followed. The old guy in the flat cap turned his back, while the landlord stood with his hands on the bar leaning forward in an aggressive posture. Vinny was too thick skinned to notice he wasn’t welcome. While Kevin hoped the landlord had enough humanity in him not to turn away a starving and bedraggled wayfarer, whose only crime was to be mistaken for a chum of an ignorant arsehole.
Kevin broke the impasse. ‘I don’t suppose my table’s ready?’
The landlord took a long time to answer. ‘I’ll check,’ he said slowly. Then backed away even slower, as though he was reluctant to take his eyes off the pair. He went through to the back and moments later re-emerged.
‘Donna will look after you.’
A young girl appeared holding a menu. ‘Mr Norman? This way.’
Kevin didn’t need second bidding as he bounced off the bar and trailed after her. He didn’t care what she called him as long as he got fed. She led him through the pub, weaving through the tables until she pointed to a small round bistro table in the corner with a single place setting and one chair.
‘Here we are. Quite cosy.’
Kevin sat down and she handed him the menu.
‘Unfortunately,’ she said, ‘the vegetarian main is off the menu.’
‘Oh, no!’ Kevin said, feigning devastation.
‘I’m really sorry about that. I can ask the chef if there’s any possibility . . .’
She couldn’t have known he was being sarcastic.
‘No, sorry, I was joking.’
‘Oh, okay. No problem. I’ll be back for your order shortly. Can I get you a drink?’
He chose a promising sounding real ale and then studied the menu. He had a good idea what he wanted anyway after looking on line, but it was worth going through it again should one of ‘Today’s Specials’ grab him.
Other dishes were tempting, but he was drawn back to steak. He loved fillet steak, but it was too expensive for the tiny portion that arrived on the plate and wouldn’t be enough to satisfy his ravenous appetite. Today he needed bulk, the biggest lump of meat he can get – a sixteen ounce T-bone and he couldn’t wait. Nor could his stomach that rumbled in anticipation.
He set the menu down to signal to Donna that he was ready to order. Being tucked away at the far end of the bar Kevin hoped she was attentive to her tables. The quicker she took the order, the quicker he got fed and the quicker he got out of there and make his escape from Vinny.
He waited a few minutes, but she didn’t return. Kevin checked out the other diners whose needs seem to have been met and were contentedly ploughing into their meals.
Another five-minutes past and Donna still hadn’t reappeared. Kevin wondered if she had taken offence at his messing around, thinking he was making fun of her. It might have also been because the landlord had warned her that Kevin was likely to be trouble.

Finally Kevin caught sight of her returning. He also saw Vinny was lumbering along behind, drink in hand and gut wobbling. Donna came over to Kevin’s table carrying his beer on a tray.
She set it down. ‘There you are. Are you ready to order?’
Kevin was distracted by Vinny’s approach, his stomach no longer rumbling in anticipation, but churning with dread. ‘The sixteen ounce T-bone steak, please.’
‘How would you like it?’
Kevin daren’t say, ‘On a plate!’ as he would normally, as she was unlikely to appreciate another dose of his humour. He played it straight. ‘Oh, medium rare?’
Donna scribbled on her pad and shot off taking an alternative route back to avoid passing Vinny.
Vinny announced his arrival. ‘This place is shit.’
His opinion wasn’t expressed at a discreet low volume solely for Kevin’s ears, but loudly shared with the other patrons. Heads turned, accompanied by a chorus of tutting. Kevin wanted to crawl under the table.
‘You got grub then?’
Kevin couldn’t bring himself to respond. He was seething inside, hunger fuelling his rage. He wasn’t sure if he opened his mouth he wouldn’t explode and tell the most hideous human being on the planet to just ‘F’ off.
Kevin kept his head down and managed to say through gritted teeth, ‘Yeah.’
Vinny dragged a spare chair over and sat down. ‘You got loads of room. I’ll get some grub ‘ere.’
Kevin had no control over how he reacted. Something snapped. It was taken out of his hands by some element in his brain beyond conscious control. He burst out of his chair and screamed, ‘NO!!!!!!!!!’
As thick skinned as Vinny was, even he was wide-eyed with shock. All eyes in the pub were on Kevin, who, enraged, menacingly lent forward over the table towards Vinny. He was so pumped that he physically shook and that shaking toppled over his pint sending a torrent of amber liquid across the table and into Vinny’s lap. It was Vinny’s turn to leap up in horror, his chair being flung back in the process. It struck the table of another pair of diners sitting behind and sent their wine glasses flying, much to their shrieking alarm. The landlord was there in an instant.
‘Right out! Come on, out! Both of you.’
The landlord was joined by another man for back-up – a big guy who clearly took no nonsense from anyone. Kevin protested that it wasn’t his fault. Vinny shrugged off the landlord as he grabbed him by the arm, intent on inspecting his beer sodden clothes. There was a big round, very obvious, wet patch perfectly centred on his groin that could easily be mistaken for Vinny having an embarrassing issue with his waterworks.
He glared menacingly at Kevin. ‘Look at me fuckin’ trousers.’
The no-nonsense back-up grabbed Vinny and frog marched him towards the door.
‘Right, you out as well,’ the landlord barked at Kevin.
‘What about my deposit?’
‘It’ll pay for the cleaning. Now sling yah hook. We don’t want scum like you in here.’
‘I’m not–– ’
‘Out!’ With a hand planted between Kevin’s shoulder blades the landlord steered him towards the exit with the entire pub spectating in perverse excitement. They reached the door in time to see Vinny rocket out of the car park, the no-nonsense back-up staring after him to ensure Vinny didn’t think twice about leaving.
‘Now,’ said the landlord. ‘Clear off and don’t come back.’
‘Hi, Kevin. You okay?’
They spun round. Damien walked towards them.
‘What’s up, Bill?’
The landlord glanced at Damien then at Kevin. ‘You know this guy?’
‘Kevin? Yeah, he’s a good bloke. What’s going on?’
The no-nonsense back-up joined them. ‘There was a bit of aggravation.’
‘That fat oaf in the hotel,’ Kevin added quickly. ‘I lost my rag with him.’
Damien chuckled. ‘I’m not surprised. There have been loads of complaints about him up there.’
Kevin held out his hand to the landlord. ‘Look, sorry for the mess and upsetting your people in the pub. He just wound me up. The guy is a complete . . .’
‘Yeah, well – fortunately, he isn’t the typical clientele we get around here,’ said the landlord.
Kevin shook the landlord’s hand. ‘Sorry again.’ He turned to leave.
‘Are you going?’ asked Damien.
‘I think, I’m barred.’
‘Bill?’ Damien looked searchingly at the landlord. ‘Give him a break, Bill. He had his car stolen last night as well. Someone dumped it in the river – a write-off.’
Bill nodded thoughtfully. ‘Okay, well if you can vouch for him, Damien, and only if you keep him under control. And stop him dripping on my carpets. I don’t want him upsetting all my customers again.’
Kevin held up his hand. ‘I promise to be good.’
Damien slapped him on the back. ‘Come on.’
Kevin was more concerned about being fed. ‘Am I still good for that steak?’
‘I’m not sure we should let you have any more red meat.’ The landlord rubbed his chin. ‘We can find a place for you in the public bar, tucked away where you can’t do any damage and Damien can keep an eye on you.’
Damien led Kevin back inside. His return caused heads to turn and sparked whispered conversations across tables.
Kevin held up his hand. ‘Hey, sorry everyone.’
He turned to Damien. ‘The landlord called me scum.’
‘Don’t worry about Bill. I’m sure he was only using that word in the Old English context of ‘salt of the earth’.’
In which case, Kevin felt entitled to call Bill, with its twenty-first century connotation, a tosser.


30


An hour later Kevin left the pub, his objective fulfilled and completely stuffed. His stomach noticeably bulged from the sheer volume he had eaten. Damien walked out alongside. Kevin had confided in him that he reckoned Vinny had stolen his car and why, but excluded scary Emma’s crucial role in the affair. Although it may have made more sense as to why the supermarket incident occurred in the first place.
‘I think you should still consider going to the police,’ said Damien.
‘They didn’t seem interested. The insurance company will hopefully pay out anyway even if they’re not convinced it was stolen. Also, I can honestly do without the aggravation, plus ultimately I’ve got no proof.’
‘I haven’t had a chance to look at what is recorded on your dash cams yet,’ said Damien. ‘There might be evidence that the police can use and also hopefully keep the insurance company on side.’
They jumped into Damien’s Land Rover.
‘So,’ said Damien. ‘Obviously, the guy will be back at the hotel, and worst ways, you said, you might not be able to leave until tomorrow. Could that be an issue?’
‘Obviously, Vinny isn’t one to take things lying down. But he doesn’t know it was me in the supermarket car park and my car he put in the river. He’ll only have a beef with me personally over what happened in the pub.’
‘What will you do?’
‘Stay in my room until then, I suppose. There’s not much else I can do.’ Kevin knew it wasn’t as simple as that. There could well be a repeat of what happened with scary Emma. He was banking on the cab firm getting him away from there as soon as possible.

‘You know Emma was worried about you when you didn’t answer the phone.’
Kevin didn’t like a reminder of what can never be.
‘I shouldn’t say this,’ said Damien, ‘but she told me she likes you a lot. She seems happy which is great after the last couple of years she’s been through.’
That made Kevin feel worse. She really likes him but not enough to want to go on a date. Great!
‘If you get hungry later and are stuck in your room, she’ll sort some food out for you. And breakfast.’
‘That’s a nice thought. We’ll see how we go. But I’m hoping to leave sharpish – get a cab ASAP this afternoon.’
‘Okay,’ said Damien. ‘Let’s get you back. I’ll call Emma to make sure that Vinny guy isn’t around when you go inside the hotel.’
Having only told half of the long story, without mentioning scary Emma, it was now difficult to introduce her into the drama.
They pulled into the hotel staff car park.
‘I’ll give Emma a ring.’
‘No. It’s okay, I’ve got another idea.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yeah, no, I’m good. And thanks for everything you’ve done.’
‘Right. So, if I don’t see you before you leave, good luck with your gardening enterprise. In the meantime, I’ll let Emma know you are back and okay.’
Kevin jumped down out of the Land Rover and made his way to the front of the building and scampered up to his bedroom window. He had left it slightly ajar, but now it was firmly shut. Kevin tried to lift the lower sash, but it wouldn’t budge. He guessed someone, perhaps a cleaner, had been in the room and secured it.
‘Shit!’
Now he was stuck. It left him with only one option - to take his chances and enter the hotel like regular paying guests. He carefully stepped out of the flowerbed trying not to damage any more plants than necessary.
‘Hello, old boy.’ A voice called out behind him.
The doctor and Lynn had strolled down the hotel steps and were heading his way. He raised his hand to acknowledge them. They may query why he had been standing in a flowerbed fiddling with the window, but he wasn’t hanging around to explain. Kevin approached the pair at a brisk pace ready to nod and smile and continue on his way without breaking his stride.
Yet when they were still some distance apart Lynn called out, ‘We were getting worried about you. We haven’t seen you since first thing. Are you okay? What’s wrong with the window?’
Naturally, Lynn carried her bag for life and the side pockets on the doctor’s suit jacket bulged like ammo pouches, each with a copy of The Needle and the Trowel primed ready to extract ten pounds from the unwary.
As much as he wanted to, Kevin couldn’t just ignore her. ‘I was just checking it out. And no, I’m fine.’
The doctor looked bemused. ‘You’ve damaged all those petunias.’
‘They were like that already.’ That wasn’t a lie as such. They were already damaged because he had flattened them two hours previously.
‘Shame,’ said the doctor. ‘A place like this having vandals, presumably one of the guests – terrible. What’s the world coming to? This needs reporting to the management.’
‘I’m going that way, I’ll let them know,’ Kevin said quickly. He went to march off, but Lynn called him back.
‘We heard you had a problem with your car? What a pity.’
‘You could say that.’
‘Is it sorted?’ asked the doctor.
‘Yes, in a way.’
‘Excellent,’ said the doctor. ‘We’re taking in the grounds, stretching the legs before the next talk. Its theme is the, ‘Whodunnit’. Sounds as if it might be interesting. Who doesn’t like a good murder. Are you coming along to that one?’
‘No. I’ve still got things I need to do.’
‘Never mind. Cars are such a pain,’ said Lynn. ‘What about taking a walk with us? It’ll take your mind off things and help you relax?’
‘Thanks. That’s kind of you, but I need to get off.’
‘Okay, dear boy, perhaps we’ll see you at dinner tonight.’
‘Yeah, that’ll be great,’ he said, but in reality he was hoping to be not far from home by then.
They carried on their way and Kevin headed for the hotel entrance. He mounted the ornate concrete steps and held back to look inside the reception area through the tinted glass main doors. Apart from Andy behind the desk there was no one else around. As he reached out to open the door a couple emerged from the lift. Kevin reeled back. It was Vinny and scary Emma and they were coming straight towards him to leave the building. Kevin could have immediately fled back down the steps, but they would still spot him as there was nowhere to get out of sight in the wide expanse of the shingle forecourt. Even if he ran they would see him. That old tub of lard, Vinny was in no condition to give chase, but even so if scary Emma spotted him, all hell could break loose.
Suddenly, Vinny and scary Emma’s march towards the exit abruptly halted. No sound emerged from inside the building, but it was clear a full scale row had erupted in the middle of the reception area. There were no holds barred, as they pushed and wrestled with each other seemingly oblivious that it was a shocking public display. It gave him the chance he needed. He leapt down the stone steps and sprinted off in the same direction as Lynn and the doctor.
Kevin soon caught up with them as they ambled along, pausing here and there to admire various displays.
‘I’ve changed my mind,’ announced Kevin slightly out of breath.
‘Ooh, lovely,’ said Lynn. ‘This is such a beautiful place and we should take as much advantage of it as we can while we’re here.’
‘No, you are right, Lynn. The guys who work here do a fabulous job.’
‘It’s a pity Collette can’t be with us, she loves flowers, but Derek seems to keep her fully occupied with promoting her work.’
‘Has he had any luck?’ asked Kevin.
‘Apparently,’ said the doctor, ‘and he wants to keep it very quiet for the time being, so competitors don’t get wind, but he says Delores Cheery is making the right noises.’
‘That’s brilliant,’ said Kevin. But he would only really believe it when it happened. Not that Collette’s work didn’t deserve it, but DS’s delusional assurances meant nothing. Kevin also wondered why DS wanted a cloak of secrecy over the prospect of a deal. To his mind, surely if it was public knowledge that old hatchet face was keen to represent her might that not encourage other agents to take an interest? Then again, maybe it was at hatchet face’s insistence for the exact same reason. But he suspected the reality was that if DS was just dangling a carrot, and if Delores Cheery found out she was the carrot, the BS might be exposed.
‘So, you two guys – have you got much from the talks so far? Inspired you to write a novel, doctor?’
‘Good God no, dear boy. I’ll stick to recording my experiences in Kenya.’
‘What about you, Lynn?’
‘It takes too long to write a book. I can’t spend all my time doing that and abandon my poetry.’
Pity thought Kevin.
‘What about DS – has he had any joy punting around with his thing?’
‘Poor Derek. I think he is still waiting for the offer from Random House.’
Perhaps one of the few things actually good about getting old, Kevin believed, was becoming a nicer person and more tolerant of people like DS, even if they were obviously full of shit.
‘Have either of you read his book?’
‘Ooo, yes, I thought it was wonderful.’
‘Was it a gripping read from start to finish?’ Kevin asked mischievously. 
‘I didn’t read it all, but I read enough to know it was very good.’
‘Did DS give you a copy then?’
‘I read it on Kindle – although I don’t trust that internet stuff like banking and buying things online and stuff. I read the sample part that was free. It was marvellous.’
Kevin smiled to himself. Even his most ardent fans aren’t prepared to part with money for DS’s crap.
‘What did you think of it, doctor?’
‘It’s not for me, old boy. I don’t read fiction. Too many real stories to tell from my time in Ken–– ’
‘Wow!’ said Kevin, stooping down to cradle the head of a magnificent electric blue geranium. ‘That colour! Wow.’
‘Beautiful,’ said Lynn.
They walked on mainly in silence unless a spectacular display caught Lynn’s attention.
‘Ooo, isn’t that wonderful. They look so much nicer than the same variety I have in my garden.’
‘It’s the compost and the feeds they use – very powerful,’ said Kevin. ‘They give amazing results, but they are organic and enrich the soil as well.’
‘You seem well up on this sort of thing, young man.’
‘It’s what I do. I’m a landscape gardener.’
‘Ooo, that’s wonderful. What a lovely way to earn a living.’
‘In that case,’ said the doctor. ‘I’m sure you’re as incensed about those petunias as I am. We need to get to the bottom of who’s responsible – vandalism, pure and simple. A total disregard for hotel property and the stunning plants.’
‘Too right, Henry. It is only adults in this hotel and you would think they’d know better. There are some awful people about.’
Kevin secretly squirmed under the onslaught of their condemnation. If only to shut them up about it, he lied.
‘Petunias are unusual in the flower world. A bit like gum trees that thrive better after a wild fire, petunias grow back even stronger in days if they are seriously damaged – it’s better for them. Someone has probably done those a real favour.’
‘Really, dear boy! Good God. I didn’t know that. Isn’t nature marvellous.’
‘That’s God working in mysterious ways.’
That’s bullshit, thought Kevin.
Kevin decided to stir it up a bit regarding DS’s amorous intentions towards Collette. ‘They are spending a lot of time together, Collette and DS. Is there more to his interest in her beyond her writing, do you think?’
‘I wouldn’t know, old boy.’
‘I don’t think so,’ Lynn said hesitantly. ‘Not from Collette’s side anyway.’
‘The age difference?’
‘Not exactly.’
Lynn was being coy leaving something unsaid. Kevin didn’t push too hard. Confirmation that DS will hit a brick wall with her, which, even without knowing exactly why, was good enough, and he felt free to gloat.
‘I guess she’s already spoken for, whoever the lucky young man is.’
‘Well . . .’ Lynn glanced at the doctor as if seeking approval. He thrust out his jaw and remained silent. ‘Well . . .’ Lynn continued hesitantly. ‘I don’t suppose it is a secret really.’ She glanced at the doctor again. ‘Henry?’
The doctor refused to be drawn on his opinion.
‘Well, Derek isn’t her type, if you know what I mean?’
That wasn’t a surprise to Kevin. She’s the only one in the group who calls DS out on his pretentious ego.
‘I can see that,’ said Kevin. He could have said a great deal more about DS’s shortcomings being incompatible with someone as lovely as Collette, but he was among DS’s friends and allies who wouldn’t have cared for his forthright views.
‘She’s probably looking for a guy who’s a little more sensitive and on her wave length?’
‘That isn’t her type either . . . or are . . . you know, men in general.’
Kevin stood in silence as he processed the information.
‘You don’t mean . . . ?’
‘It’s normal nowadays.’
Kevin couldn’t help it, but he burst out laughing.
‘Oh – my – god. I don’t believe it!’
He was laughing at himself for being so stupid, at DS, the whole thing – the time expended hoping and praying, the wasted emotional energy, the roller coaster of exhilaration and hand-wringing despair. The constant fretting and navel-gazing over what Collette thought of him. Wasting Pam’s time, endlessly seeking her advice and encouragement to the point of her undoubted exasperation – how will she react when he tells her? Will she find it as funny as he has? And on a purely materialistic level, the waste of money for the hotel, the loss of his car, the cost to get home. He felt ridiculous, but how was he to know?
Not unexpectantly, Kevin’s bizarre reaction caused the Doctor and Lynn to exchange confused glances.
‘The world is more accepting of these things today, old boy. They aren’t to be mocked.’
‘No, sorry, I wasn’t laughing at Collette, she’s free to do what she likes, with who she likes, and good on her, I was laughing at myself.’
‘You?’
‘It’s a long story.’
For once, Lynn’s permanently smiley face turned serious. ‘Colin, please don’t say anything to anyone. I know Collette is sensitive about her private life. I probably shouldn’t have told you.’
‘I appreciate that. And I won’t. And DS?’
‘I’ve never told Derek about it. He’s rather old fashioned in his views on that sort of thing.’
Kevin smiled. In some ways it was a shame he wasn’t intending to hang around to see DS make a complete fool of himself, even more than Kevin nearly had.
‘Okay, guys, I’m going to shoot. I might catch up with you later.’
‘Sorry if I was a bit sharp with you a moment ago, young man, but I’ve witnessed an awful lot of discrimination over the years. Many countries are still behind the times in these things, even in Kenya. Anyway, thank you for that marvellous tip about petunias – I’ll surprise the current Mrs Gardner and secretly give that a go when I get home. I’m sure she will be delighted. She lives for her garden and loves her petunias – they are her pride and joy. A good hard trampling is the best way, is it?’
Kevin couldn’t look him in the eye. ‘Er, yeah, yeah, something like that.’
‘Any other plants I can give that method a go on?’
‘No. Definitely not.’
‘I’ll stick to the petunias then.’
Kevin quickly slipped away leaving the pair to walk on. He suspected the current Mrs Gardner won’t be for much longer after she files for divorce – citing unreasonable behaviour by way of insanity.
He checked the front of the building was all clear before making his way up the stone steps to the entrance. Andy was still behind the desk and there was no one else in reception. Kevin pulled open the door and slipped inside.
‘Hi, Mr Grimm.’
‘Hi, Andy, I’m just going to my room.’
‘No problem.’
Kevin quickly crossed the reception area.
‘Oh, Mr Grimm. Emma was asking after you. She wanted me to let her know when you are back. Is that okay?’
‘That’s fine,’ Kevin said absently as he peered into the corridor to ensure there was no one around before he hurried to his room.
He leant back pushing the door closed and let out a huge sigh. Sanctuary. It had been one hell of a day so far. He needed a bit of quiet downtime for reflection and without constantly looking over his shoulder. For some reason, which didn’t really make sense, the saying that popped into his head was: a bird in the hand was worth two in the bush. Admittedly, during the course of the day, few people can lay claim to having lost not one, but two people he believed were destined to be the loves of their life, yet both proving not to be so in their own unique way. But there was no dilemma in forgoing what had to be the bird in the hand in this instance. If that was deemed to be scary Emma, the only bird she represented, and one you wouldn’t want to be within a thousand yards of, was the terrifying cassowary.
He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled out his phone. He needed to confirm a time with Dick Turpin for one of his crew of highway robbers to pick him up.
‘A2B cabs.’
‘Hi, I phoned earlier–– ’
‘Yeah, I recognise the number. No luck getting an Uber then?’ No attempt was made to disguise the mocking tone.
Kevin didn’t react. If ever was there a gap in the market for a taxi entrepreneur to step in and rub A2B’s smug noses in it, that time was now.
‘Anyway, earlier you said you probably will have a cab available later this afternoon. I’ll book it for as soon as possible?’
‘Today?’
‘Er, yes. I’ll suffer the surcharge.’
‘We’ve still no drivers available.’
‘None at any time at all today?’
‘You’ve rung too late.’
‘Last time you told me I had rung too early.’
‘Well now it’s too late.’
Kevin massaged his brow in exasperation. ‘Okay,’ he said, trying not to let his frustration spill over. He had a quick rethink. He will have to swallow the cost. ‘First thing tomorrow then – nine?’
‘Nine? That’s a bit awkward. Ted’s decided to go on the lash tonight and he’d best not get behind the wheel much before four o’clock.’
‘Four!’
‘Take it or leave it.’
‘And that’s still two-hundred and sixty quid?’
‘That’s the standard Sunday excess charge. Although if the journey takes more than two hours there’ll be a surcharge on top of that because it will be after six.’
‘But that’s not my fault because your guy’s out on the piss!’
‘That’s the trouble with you people, you think you are the only ones entitled to have a life, living it up in your swanky hotel without a thought for others.’
‘My car was stolen – that’s hardly ‘living it up’ now, is it?’
‘Do you want to book the cab or not?’ growled Mr A2B.
‘I’ll call you back!’ snapped Kevin.
He threw himself on the bed. A2B wasn’t a minicab company, it was an extortion racket. Their advertised mission statement claimed they were dedicated to a ‘personal and friendly service’, but that had a way to go. It was no wonder that ‘Ted’ could afford to piss the house-keeping up the wall knowing he had a bumper pay day to compensate. And what was Kevin going to do until four o’clock tomorrow afternoon while Dick Turpin’s mate recovered from his hangover? There had to be another way.
Kevin racked his brains, considering each and every possible means to get out of there to avoid substantially lining Mr A2B’s pocket. He even thought of buying a pushbike on Amazon with next day delivery. He wasn’t averse to cycling, but he lived close on eighty miles away. He was fit, yet after spending possibly over five hours on the new, hard seat, like failing to break-in a brand new pair of shoes before going for a long walk, saddle soreness won’t come close to describing the agony – it would have been like sitting for hours on a razor blade. He will be walking around like John Wayne for weeks. And that was even before he considered what he would do with his travel case. It had little trolley wheels and a telescopic handle, which could somehow be hooked-up to the back of the bike to trail behind, but the tiny plastic discs would be worn to a nubbin within a few miles, leaving him to drag the case the rest of the way. A bike was ruled out.
He wondered if there was a local bus service to return him to civilisation. He checked on his phone. Why wasn’t he surprised when there wasn’t.
He considered trains. Sixty years ago, before Dr Beeching wielded his axe, seemingly every village had a branch line with a station or halt linking people to the furthest reaches. Nothing quite so convenient now. The nearest station was Hassocks – eight miles away. It was too far to walk and he didn’t have the gall to contact A2B to get a cab, which, likely as not, wouldn’t have been available anyway, even for such a short hop. Even then, it meant once at the London Bridge terminus, he had to negotiate the Underground with several changes of line due to engineering work, then onwards north and a longish cab ride at the other end. Phileas Fogg’s challenge was less torturous.
In desperation, he even checked Autotrader to see if he could buy an old banger for less than the cab fare. At that sort of sub-two-hundred pounds level, it would be the granddaddy of all ‘. . . hence’ cars. And he hadn’t thought it through – even if he found one locally, and it survived the test drive without breaking down or killing all on-board, and even if the owner was able to accept card payment and was prepared to drive the car to the hotel for hand over, there was still all the paperwork to sort out, car tax, insurance, etc. A cheap, next stop the breakers yard car was a bad idea all round. He ruled it out and gave up.
Marooned. Never in his life was he so desperate to get home – if only to get away from the reminders all around him of his miserable existence and failed love life – to begin to put the nightmare behind him and sign up for some serious therapy.
His hand hovered over the phone to call A2B. A genuine struggle ensued. Not a vague abstract tussle between should he, shouldn’t he, ho-hum, what’s for the best, as though deciding what to have for dinner. It was a full-on pitch battle in his head, his acute sense of fair play set against the resentment of being taken advantage of that went way beyond taking the piss. This battle manifest as a dog fight between his left and right. One hand was poised ready to hit A2B’s number on the screen, while the other hand holding the phone determinedly evaded the out-stretched finger – it was like two magnets repelling each other. Kevin was a detached spectator while his subconscious wrestled with sticking to his principals of fairness and decency or rolling over and submitting to an unscrupulous chancer.
The struggled ceased instantly when there was a knock at the bedroom door. He took a moment to decide how he should play it with Emma. If he was smiley, seemingly happy and untroubled, she will easily see through the phony facade. Neither did he want her to see how he really felt – unloved and sulkily miserable and looking for a hole to crawl into. He decided to affect an air of indifference – treat her as he would any other employee of such an establishment, with common courtesy, but no over familiarity – keeping any interaction business-like, which seemingly had been her intention all along either through choice or company policy.
There was a second knock, perhaps with a hint of impatience. Kevin swung off the bed and stepped up to the door. Before he could open it there was another knock – much harder, forceful and one that demanded to be let in. Kevin froze with his hand on the door handle. A realisation hit him and he fearfully backed away. It wasn’t Emma Darling Andy was referring to when he said, ‘Emma’ had asked after him.
Even though he knew who it was, when he heard, ‘KEVIN!! I know you’re in there!’ his stomach turned-over and he felt sick. He continued to back away until he reversed into the window. He turned and raised the lower sash then scrambled out trampling down another cluster of petunias in the process. He didn’t care if anyone saw him or what they thought of him acting so strangely, escape was all that mattered. He sped off to the rear of the building and fled into the depths of the grounds making for the sanctuary of the gardener’s hut.
But the hut was padlocked. He checked around the sides to see if any windows were open or unlocked that he could clamber through, but they were shut.
Going from bad to worse didn’t come close to describing the day he was having, and seemingly, that wasn’t going to change anytime soon. Given the hut’s secluded location it probably wasn’t necessary to hide himself away further, but he was taking no chances. He carefully fought his way through the undergrowth and the tangling brambles to the rear of the shed and stumbled into a spider’s graveyard. Generations of spiders, most having long curled up their toes, peppered the thick mass of redundant webs. Needing to be watchful of his footing, Kevin blundered face first into a massive cobweb that covered him in a shroud as if he was an exhibit in a House of Horrors show. In his work he came across insects a plenty and living in an old house, he was used to eight-legged creatures, some monster sized, appearing out of nowhere and racing across the carpet, but even, so there were limits.
He spluttered and cursed while frenziedly raked and flapped at his head to claw off the sticky strands which were accompanied by the husks of ancient arachnids that were probably of interest to evolutionary biologists. Even when he had thoroughly brushed himself down, he was unable to stop, imagining them still crawling through his hair and creeping up his back. He finally calmed down and pressed on.
He found a small space to stand free of brambles and cobwebs and took stock of his situation. Few things in his day to day life made him angry. DS wound him up with his ridiculous ego and constant sniping, as did Vinny for being Vinny, a repulsive specimen of humanity, but at that moment he hated everyone and everything. If he was offered a big red button to blow the planet to pieces he would have pushed it with no hesitation. He was forced into the insane position of skulking behind a shed until god knows when because of crazy people and a company whose sole reason for existence was to provide a service to the public that had no concept of the word service. And what was he supposed to do with himself for the next hour, two hours? Just stand there like a some poor kid in a game of hide & seek whose mates had forgotten about him and had gone home for their tea?
While stewing on the unfairness of it all, his phone rang. It was the hotel reception. He was torn. In a way it was comforting to know he hadn’t been completely abandoned by the rest of the world, yet it was only an unwelcome reminder of how shit his love life was, and how his crappy his life was in general. He didn’t answer. The phone bleeped a few seconds later – a message had been left. He assumed it was Emma Darling.
He spent an age contemplating if he should play it. He stared at the screen, in a sense working up the courage to hear her beautiful voice and re-igniting the agony of knowing there can never be anything between them.
Undoubtedly, Emma’s life won’t have changed in the least from all that had gone on. She will continue to do what she does, which was being excellent at her job and making the guests feel good about themselves – too good in his case. She will have little clue as to the impact she had made on him and how her rejection had left him with a terrible void inside caused by the despair of what might have been. Many had run away to sea and were never been seen again with a soul in lesser torment. He sighed. What the hell, he can’t feel any worse than he did at that moment. He tapped the screen.
‘Hi Kevin, it’s Emma. I’m worried about you. Damien told me what happened at the pub – are you okay? And where are you? I know you aren’t in your room as there was a bit of fuss with one of the guests we had to sort out. Call me as soon as you can. It’s really important.’
She sounded genuinely concerned. Had a real connection been made between them, or was she once again demonstrating exemplary professionalism when caring for her guests? In a way it didn’t matter what motivated her, but he was undecided about calling her back. It sounded as if scary Emma had overstepped the mark with her unpredictable behaviour. Someone attempting to smash down a hotel door wasn’t acceptable anywhere, especially in such a classy establishment. Her extreme behaviour was one thing, but it was more of concern to Kevin what scary Emma might have said and the lies she told. And what if Vinny was there to witness her outburst? Ultimately, it was that fear which made him call back.
‘Hi, it’s–– ’
‘Kevin! I’ve been trying to get hold of you all afternoon – are you okay? And where are you? I know you haven’t left yet because your case is still in your room.’
No, he wasn’t okay, but he said he was because it was easier.
‘I’m good. I’m by the gardener’s shed.’
‘Oh, right. But you are definitely okay?’
Did she want to hear the truth of the matter that he was broken-hearted, carless, marooned, covered in shit and cobwebs and being chased by crazy people? Unlikely.
‘Yeah, sort of.’
‘Look, stay there, I’ll get Damien to come to you. There has been some trouble and we’ve had to call the police. But they haven’t arrived yet.’
‘So, what’s going on?’
‘The guy you’ve had a run in with, well we don’t know where he went, but we think he’s still in the grounds somewhere as is his girlfriend. I’ll tell you more when I see you. But for the time being, keep out of the way and stay safe until Damien gets there. We’ve had to tell all the guests to stay in their rooms and lock the doors.’
‘Blimey.’
‘Hopefully it won’t be for long. And, oh, by the way, sorry about earlier, I had a guest come and see me, I couldn’t talk and had to cut you off. I tried to call back to say, but I’d love to go for that drink if the offer’s still there?’
Kevin was too stunned to string a sentence together. ‘No. Right. Yeah. I mean great.’
‘Look, gotta go. See you soon. Stay safe.’
She ended the call, but Kevin continued to stare at the phone, his head spun dizzily as snatches of conversations with Emma Darling went round and round on a continual loop like computer Gifs. He also felt incredibly guilty having imagined the worst of her, believing the flirting between them was just a silly game she played with all guests. And the agony and despair he had put himself through all day for want of taking her phone call earlier. He would happily confess to being a complete and utter wally sometimes.
When the euphoria subsided, his thoughts turned to Vinny – what the hell had he done to warrant calling the police? It had obviously kicked off in a big way. Not that she had stated it explicitly, but from Emma’s warning it seemed that it was Kevin target of Vinny’s hostility. Perhaps he had discovered what was going on and so had more to be upset about than just a soggy pair of trousers.
So he was to await the cavalry in the form of Damien to lead him to safety. But with time to think it through, the less he was concerned he was in any real danger from Vinny. That fat oaf must be so unfit, Vinny couldn’t possibly contemplate running someone to ground. Kevin wasn’t exactly a cheetah on two legs himself, but he was certainly much faster and could show the lumbering caveman a clean pair of heels if necessary and probably scary Emma too. The only way Kevin would be in trouble was if he was caught unawares or cornered. Hiding behind the old hut, hemmed in by the tangling undergrowth, in hindsight, wasn’t the best place to be. Kevin needed to be out in the open so he had options to escape if Vinny found him. Carefully avoiding the brambles and cobwebs, he made his way to the front of the hut.
He paced up and down as he waited. His phone buzzed to indicate a message had been received, but he checked it every few moments just in case. It had been over twenty minutes since Emma called and there was still no sign of Damien. He called the reception, but there was no reply. That left him with a dilemma. Should he continue to wait as directed by Emma or take things into his own hands to find out what was happening? Kevin gave Damien another ten minutes to arrive.
The ten minutes was up and there was still no sign of Damien. Kevin tried the hotel again – there was no answer. That was really odd. There might be a flap on, but you would still have expected someone to answer. He rang Damien’s number, but that too went to voice mail. That settled it.
He carefully made his way back towards the hotel, all the while wary of being taken by surprise. Kevin didn’t want to get involved in a confrontation and just as importantly, he didn’t want Vinny to be aware he was still on the premises. Emma said the police had been called, but that didn’t necessarily mean Vinny was the one going to led away in handcuffs, it might be scary Emma due to her dangerously volatile. It was unlikely, but if Vinny was allowed to stay at the hotel, Kevin will need to keep out of his way, staying one step ahead, potentially until four o’clock tomorrow – it would be like a real life game of Pac-Man.
Everything was strangely silent with a tension in the air, the sort of expectant, heavy stillness that precedes an electric storm. Even the birds made no sound. It seemed as if Nature was hushed, holding its breath knowing something bad was about to happen.
As he skirted around the walled kitchen garden he heard raised voices coming from the pool area. One stood out – it was Vinny’s course tones. Kevin froze instantly. He backed up and flattened himself against the brickwork to keep out of sight. He edged nearer to hear what was being said. Between the swear words, he picked out: ‘Kill you all’, ‘No one messes with Vinny’ and most chilling of all, ‘Kevin is a dead man’.
A woman’s voice shrieked, ‘VINNY NO!!!’
Kevin couldn’t see the players involved, but the woman’s voice distorted through fear was scary Emma’s. There was another woman’s voice, even and measured, but firm. It was Emma Darling.
‘Now, put the gun down, Mr Pondlyffe. You know it makes sense. All this can be sorted out peacefully I’m sure.’
GUN!!!
Kevin’s heart almost leapt out of his chest. He was no slouch, but he couldn’t out run a bullet. His brain melted and every single sensible thought melted with it. He remained pinned against the wall unable to move.
There was another voice, small, pathetic and frightened. ‘This is nothing to do with me, and us, can’t you let us go, please.’
It was DS as Kevin had never heard him. For a brief moment Kevin felt sorry for him and yet thoroughly despised him in equal measure. But Kevin wasn’t generous enough to forgive DS that easily for the way he had behaved towards him. It cut no ice with Vinny either.
‘You – You little bastard - SHUT IT!’
A woman squealed.
‘So, which one of these nonces is Kevin!’ growled Vinny.
‘Leave me alone! Stop hurting me! I told you, he’s not here!’ screamed scary Emma.
‘I’ll kill them all, one at a time until you tell me who that little shit is!’
‘I told–– ’
‘SHUT IT!!’ 
There was no telling how many hostages Vinny held at gun point. Kevin assumed not a huge number if only for practical purposes. Even with a firearm there were only so many he could corral. If Kevin waded into the fray, he doubted one additional body would be the decisive factor in taking Vinny down.
By nature, Kevin wasn’t a man of action, have-a-go-hero material, Die Hard style, but he had to act. Every instinct urged him to run, but he fought it. How could he sleep at night knowing people had been hurt because of him?
He briefly considered doing the decent thing and show himself, chest out and ready to selflessly sacrifice himself – take a bullet for the team, as the saying goes, and literally – so the others are left unharmed. Then he thought, ‘Fuck that!’ That would seriously hurt or kill him or both. There had to be another way. Vinny was only one man, lumbering, fat and ugly – perhaps if he was taken by surprise he could be overpowered, especially if there were any younger and fitter hostages and they immediately reacted on Kevin’s cue.
‘Mr Pondlyffe,’ said Emma Darling. ‘You know this isn’t right. Now please put the gun down. I know you don’t really want to kill anyone.’
‘Oh, I do. I really do. No one messes wiv me. Now shut it or I’ll shoot you first.’
Kevin listened intently. There was no negotiating with the caveman. Kevin felt the tension rising, the stand-off was reaching its climax with Vinny never going to back down or see reason.
‘You, over ‘ere!’
‘Mr Pondlyffe–– ’ said Emma Darling.
‘SHUT IT!’ growled Vinny. ‘Now listen to me, all you nonces. This bird gets it in the next firty seconds. NOW WHO THE FUCK IS KEVIN!!!’
‘Leave her alone!’ It was Damien’s voice.
Kevin’s heart beat so hard that his whole body shook and his head was a mass of contradictions, but he could hold back no longer. He sprung out of hiding with no effort to appear by stealth. Vinny stood on one side of the swimming pool and a group of around twelve people including the DSWS and some staff he recognised were huddle together on the other side, herded into a corner with no possibility of getting away.
‘Colin!’ gasped Lynn.
‘Here’s anuvva fuckin’ nonce. The bloke made me look like a right cu–– ’
‘You made yourself look like on!’ He had the same reaction as in the pub – rage overwhelmed him and he stalked towards Vinny. ‘LEAVE HER ALONE!!’
Vinny pushed Emma Darling away. She quickly returned to the huddle on the far side
‘No problem, Col. No problem, you little shit.’
All eyes were on Kevin. Scary Emma nearly revealed his true identity, but Vinny’s booming growl drowned her out. 
‘Ke–– ’
‘COME ‘ERE!’ Vinny grabbed Kevin’s and dragged him over. ‘Fancy ‘avin’ a go do yer? He then put the gun to his head. ‘I’ll kill yah if yah don’t tell me which of those nonces is Kevin. Yuv ten seconds!’
There was a sea of scared faces on the other side of the pool. Even in the twilight gloom, Kevin saw DS shaking with fear. He was in half-a-mind to finger DS as ‘Kevin’, the quivering specimen of manhood who was the object of scary Emma’s desire, but that might provoke a reverse ‘Sparticus’ moment with the hostages pointing as one towards Kevin with the cry of, ‘He’s Kevin!’
Vinny hadn’t give Kevin the benefit of an audible countdown, but he only had a couple of seconds at the most to do something.
‘Last chance, nonce!’ Vinny pushed the barrel of the gun harder against his temple.
‘VINNY, PLEASE!’ screamed scary Emma.
She distracted Vinny for a fraction of a second and Kevin sensed the pressure from the gun ease on his temple. He made his move. Kevin dived below Vinny’s outstretched gun arm, his head bouncing off Vinny’s vast over-hanging gut as he dropped down. With Kevin on his knees momentarily safe from being shot at by the vast bulk of Vinny’s stomach. Vinny took a step back to get a better aim. It took him one step closer to the edge of the pool. Vinny levelled the gun at Kevin as he tried to scramble to his feet.

‘YOU BAST–– ’ Vinny was cut short as an object whistled through the air and bounced off the back of his head causing him to stagger momentarily. The object wasn’t hard enough to do Vinny any harm, but enough to surprise him. Kevin reacted instantly and leapt up. It was intended to be a rugby tackle, but he mistimed it when Vinny took a step sideways. Kevin’s arms flapped at thin air and effectively his lunge became a headbutt. It wasn’t a traditional Glaswegian type, forehead to bridge of nose, but contact was made with Vinny’s sensitive gentleman’s parts. Vinny instantly doubled up, or as much as such a grossly overweight person could do, and reeled back forgetting his proximity to the pool. Vinny toppled backwards into the water sending up a huge splash. Likewise, with the momentum, Kevin couldn’t prevent himself from following in behind. Out of the corner of his eye in the fleeting moment before he hit the water, he saw the object sitting on the side of the pool that had hit Vinny. It was a copy of The Needle & The Trowel now slightly awry due to its impact with the caveman’s thick skull. Who knew – if reading the book didn’t put you in a coma, then a whack on the head from it just might.
As Kevin went into the water, he had one thought: ‘Dr Gardner – a legend.’
Kevin was aware of Vinny trashing about, crying out for help, but within seconds Kevin’s vision tunnelled and the cold water shock took hold. Everything seemed to be receding from him. He felt as if he was enclosed in cotton wool, gently held and without a care, sights and sounds fading away. There was no feeling of cold or pain or panic only a warm floaty sensation of a blissful calm and bathed in a golden light of pure love. Time no longer existed.
He became aware of disembodied voices vague and in the distance an unwanted intrusion upon his perfect peace. They became more distinct, more urgent. He could make out the odd word they said now as they invaded his peaceful world, drawing him back from the light. The odd words became fragments of sentences that he wanted to make go away. He recognised the people who spoken them.
‘No pulse. My god, this man’s dead.’ 
‘Ooh, poor Colin.’
‘We can’t give up!’
‘If he’s gone, he’s gone.’
Even though Kevin’s life hung between this life and the next, he recognised DS’s dissenting voice – the weasel.
Kevin felt hands on his body that rhythmically hammered at his chest as if they were pummelling their way through to his spine. He couldn’t yet open his eyes, but his awareness was slowly returning and he was desperate to get them to stop, but he hadn’t the strength to protest.
The attack on his chest stopped. He sensed a face close to his. His head was gently tipped back and his mouth opened. He got a wonderful waft of Emma Darling’s scent as her unseen face approached his. Smelling salts had nothing on the seductive fragrance she wore, resuscitating Kevin in more ways than one. He felt the heat of her body and her soft, moist lips connect with his. Instinctively, beyond his control while still groggy, his tongue immediately shot into her mouth for a full on snog. For second she pulled back fractionally in surprise but then pressed her lips against his to continue.
The expectant crowd gather around, the majority who hoped Kevin returned from the dead, were pleased to see him responding quickly, and enthusiastically to Emma Darling’s unconventional CPR technique. If anyone observed Kevin closely they would see a very obvious indication lower down of just how reviving it was.
After the curiously extended period of mouth to mouth resuscitation, with some reluctance for it to end, Kevin was helped into a chair. He spun round in alarm. ‘Where Vinny? Is he . . . ?’
‘Damien sorted him out, he wasn’t so tough without a gun’ said Emma Darling. ‘He won’t be able to cause any more trouble before the police get here.’
‘His girlfriend?’
‘She stormed off when Dr Gardner pronounced you dead. Was she really your . . . ?’
‘No. But for some reason she’s obsessed with me.’
‘Ooo, she seemed so nice when she came to the meeting, but she’s a strange one.’
‘It’s a long story, Lynn.’ 
‘Well, she thinks you’re dead now.’ The doctor took Kevin’s arm to check his pulse. ‘How are you feeling, old boy? Your heart had stopped. I’ve seen more life on a fishmonger’s slab.’
‘I could do with getting out of these clothes, but apart from that I’m okay. Great actually,’ said Kevin glancing at Emma Darling.
‘Ooo, Colin, you gave us such a fright.’
‘That was such a brave thing to do,’ said Collette. ‘You could have been killed.’
If it had been any other time before meeting before Lynn’s revelation and before he had met Emma Darling, Kevin’s heart would have sung with that praise – game over for DS, Kevin, the selfless hero claiming the prize.
‘Let’s get you inside,’ said Emma Darling.


31


To keep an eye on him, Emma found him yet another room closer to the reception area and sat Kevin down on the bed.
‘I’m making it wet.’
She gave him a peck on the cheek. ‘I’ll forgive you. Now get out of those clothes and I’ll find you something to put on.’ She hesitated. ‘Damien said you are leaving tonight.’
‘I wanted to, but I couldn’t get a cab.’
‘Oh, but I thought . . .’
Kevin was embarrassed. ‘No, that was before. I didn’t think . . . no, but things have changed now Vinny’s out of the way . . .’
He wanted to add: ‘. . . and because of you’, but it sounded a bit naff, and as if, seemingly, his interest in her was only back on the agenda because there was no longer any threat from Vinny.
‘I considered going home because I wasn’t sure we had a concrete arrangement.’
‘Well, I’m off tomorrow afternoon. Can we make a definite arrangement for then, unless you have other plans? Attending some of the talks?’
‘No. That’ll be great. I’ve give up the writing stuff.’
Once he was alone that’s when the shock hit him. ‘The what might have beens’ flooded in. Wow! It wasn’t every day someone holds a gun to your head or you were pronounced dead. Kevin had to smile – okay, he had some previous on being pronounced dead. Hopefully the next time, probably the one he won’t be coming back from was some way off yet.
Sudden gripped by a panic attack, he imagined Vinny getting free and coming after him. He took a deep breath to calm his fears. He had no idea what Damien had done to stop Vinny escaping, but Damien was no mug and wouldn’t take any chances.
There was a knock at the door. A heart-stopping flashback caused him to snap round in terror.
‘Can we come in, dear boy?’
He breathed again. Too much stress – it’ll be the death of him.
He opened the door.
All four members of the DSWS stood in the corridor.
‘Sorry, it’s probably not a good time, dear boy.’
‘No, Come in.’
The four traipsed in with the doctor leading and DS noticeably lagging back.
‘We’ve just come to say . . .’ The doctor stepped back.
Lynn and Collette also parted to allow DS to step forward, albeit with great reluctance.
DS stood with his head bowed sulkily refusing to look Kevin in the eye like a naughty school boy answering to the headmaster.
‘I’ve been asked,’ DS said slowly as though every word had to be painfully extracted one by one. ‘To express our – our – our . . .’ He was like a broken record. Kevin wanted to give him a nudge, a big one after, “If he’s gone, he’s gone!”
‘. . . gr – gr – gratitude.’ Having wrenched that grudging concession from his soul, DS quickly retreated back behind the others.
‘Ooo, Colin, you can come and cut my grass anytime, you brave little soldier.’
‘Thank you, Lynn. New clients are always welcome.’
‘This is not the right time to ask,’ said Collette. ‘But can I talk to you about your work and what’s involved? I didn’t know you were a gardener.’
‘Of course. Any time.’ Kevin glanced down at his clothes. ‘Maybe when I’m a bit drier. Although you do end up like this sometimes when working out in all weathers.’
Collette laughed.
Isn’t life strange Kevin thought. He would have gone to the ends of the earth for that laugh two days ago.
‘That was some throw, doctor.’
‘I played for Surrey 2nd XI in my youth. You don’t lose it, dear boy. In Ken–– ’
‘Anyway,’ DS said abruptly. ‘We’ve all had our say, so I think . . .’
DS led the way as they trooped out of the door. Not a few seconds later there was another knock.
‘Are you decent?’ Emma called out from the corridor.
Kevin opened the door.
‘Oh. Still not changed out of those wet clothes – you’ll catch a chill.’
‘I had visitors.’
‘I saw them.’ She swung Kevin’s case around from behind her. ‘Collected this for you. I assume there’s something for you to wear inside? It must be better than what we can rustle-up from the lost property cupboard.’
‘Thanks. But probably not much better. I’ve never been the snappiest of dressers.’
She chuckled. ‘I’ll leave you to it.’
‘No. You don’t have to,’ Kevin said quickly. ‘I’ll change in the en-suite.’ He hovered for a moment. ‘About you saving my life – what can I say . . .’
‘I think you showed your appreciation earlier.’
‘Ah, sorry. It sort of just, well, you know . . . happened of its own accord.’
With a broad smile she said, ‘It is normally accepted that you get to kiss the girl at the end of a first date, not before – but that’s only a technicality, I suppose. Look I must get back, I’m still on duty.’ She turned to leave, then glancing back with a twinkle in her eye, she said, ‘But that’s not to say I didn’t enjoy it.’

The flying squad from the local nick, consisting of a sergeant and a PC, arrived a rather leisurely half-an-hour later. They were accompanied moments later by an armed paramilitary style unit, who threw a cordon around the building with guns levelled and at the ready. Floodlights from their vehicles burst into an intense light illuminating the scene. Either they hadn’t been updated on events or they had chosen to ignore the latest Intel, leading to an officer with a megaphone demanding the gunman drop his weapon, come out and give himself up. Kevin watched the events unfold from his hotel window.
Damien had taken it upon himself as the person who made the citizen’s arrest to liaise with the firearms unit. He stepped out of the reception and stood on the terrace at the top of the stone steps.
The megaphone immediately boomed: ‘PUT YOUR HANDS UP! LAY ON YOUR FRONT! KEEP YOUR HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM!’
Damien reluctantly did as they instructed. Four armed policemen cautiously moved forward at the crouch. At the bottom of the steps, two trained their guns on the prostrate figure while a pair of them rushed up the short flight and handcuffed his arms behind his back.
Damien protested. ‘What are you doing? You’ve got the wrong man!’
‘That’s what they all say, you bastard. Where’s the gun!’
Emma rushed out of the building. ‘He’s my brother. He’s not the gunman. Leave him alone!’
‘Back off, lady, he might still be dangerous.’
By that time, the flying squad from the local nick had sauntered over. The sergeant acknowledged Emma and glanced down at the Damien. ‘So what’s your brother been up to then?’
‘Oh, for god’s sake, what’s the matter with you lot?’ said Emma.
It took a while, but with Kevin’s help, eventually the police were made to understand the course of events and who exactly the guilty party was.
‘Sorry, Mr Darling,’ said the inspector from the firearms unit. ‘We are always careful when guns are involved.’
Vinny was extracted from the swimming pool pump room and led away to the police car. Vinny was read his rights and asked if he had anything to say.
‘Yeah, this place is shit!’
They retrieved the gun from the pool. It was found to be a reactivated replica firearm that was likely to jam and was as potentially dangerous to the shooter as it was to their intended victim. Never-the-less, it was treated as a live firearm. Everyone involved in the hostage situation had to make statements at the local police station the following day.
Now there was no rush to leave the hotel, Kevin decided to get Dick Turpin’s cabs to pick him up at nine on Monday morning, by which time presumably ‘Ted’ would have had his day of rest on Sunday to nurse his thumping hangover and the chance to count the cost of his excess.


32


At the delayed dinner buffet, some three hours later than scheduled, Kevin was greeted as the hero, even Ms Cheery gave him an admiring glance, which was unnerving, if not a little sinister. Her pinched face didn’t lend itself to conveying approval. He was heartily welcomed to the DSWS table by the majority who were present. DS had retreated into his shell having lost his command over the group.
‘Take a seat, take a seat, dear boy.’
‘Ooo, Colin, how are you after your exploits? A bit shaken up I bet?’
‘I don’t think it’s hit me yet.’
‘You’re a bit of a dark horse, Kevin,’ said Collette. ‘It must have taken a lot of courage. Not many would.’
Kevin could have laid it on a bit thick in his account of playing the hero – explaining loftily that it was the only thing he could do and he simply refused to let anyone get seriously injured because of him, which had a grain of truth, but he played down his role. Not to the ridiculous level of Hollywood action heroes: ‘Aw-shucks, it was nothin’.’ But to a modest, ‘If it wasn’t for the doctor and The Needle & The Trowel, it probably wouldn’t have ended so well.’
The doctor looked suitably pleased to have been name checked in the affair. ‘Thank you, young man. Well anyway, we thought we’d celebrate.’ He ducked under the table and reappeared with a bottle of champagne. ‘We’re proposing a toast to you, dear boy.’
The cork was popped, the glasses charged, held aloft then clinked together.
‘To Kevin!’ said Collette.
‘Hear, hear!’
‘To Colin!’
DS may have mumbled something to the same effect, but if he had it was otherwise lost among the echoes of appreciation.
‘We heard your car was completely stolen,’ said Lynn.
If Kevin was in a playful mood, he would have teased her by suggesting that you don’t normally find only half of your car spirited away in the night – the wheels possibly, and in the old days, as his dad was forever reminding him, often accompanied by a suspicious chuckle, the car radio, but never will you emerge from your slumber to discover only the back end of your car sitting on the driveway. Collette might have found that funny, but Lynn and the doctor were of a different generation and on a different wave length. The closest they got to dry humour was probably Norman Wisdom.
‘So, how are you getting home?’ asked Collette.
‘I was getting cab.’
‘Good god, dear boy, that’ll cost a fortune. Is there no courtesy car?’
‘The insurance company don’t do that,’ said Kevin, being a painful reminded not to be such a skinflint in the future.
‘Well, naturally, dear boy, we can give you a lift.’ The doctor turned to DS. ‘I believe your car can take five?’
DS blew his cheeks out to buy time to think of a reason why he couldn’t. ‘I don’t know about that. It actually will be overloaded with five. It upsets the handling. Potentially dangerous.’
‘Ooo, Derek, don’t be silly, we can squeeze up and if you drive steady we’ll be okay.’
‘We can’t let the poor chap go home by cab. Not after all he’s been through. And saved our lives.’
DS was on the ropes but was still swinging. ‘Our lives wouldn’t have been in danger except for him and that crazy woman he brought along.’
‘That very unfair, Derek,’ Collette said sharply. ‘I thought you’d be more generous than that.’
DS was shocked by the rebuke. From the disapproval on the faces of the DSWS old guard, whatever unchallenged control he once held over the group had now gone.
‘Don’t worry, Colin, we’ll fit you in somehow.’
Kevin felt genuinely moved by their concern for him. It brought a lump to his throat. He had misjudged them completely.
‘Thank you,’ said Kevin. It was probably a combination of delayed shock and their kindness and possibly also the effect of the champagne, but he had a tear in his eye. He hid the welling of emotion by pretending to massage the bridge of his nose. ‘You deserve an explanation.’
He detailed what happened, but omitted a couple of important elements that would have embarrassed both him and Collette, but mainly him – the fact he had been totally besotted with her and that he had told that ridiculous lie about the pot left on the stove. And he kept the description to the minimum as regards the supermarket row with Vinny.
‘And you didn’t know they were a couple at the time?’ said Collette.
‘I had no idea – pure coincidence.’ Kevin was going to remark on his life being dogged by his nemesis, ‘Coincidence’, but it would have smacked more than a little of woe is me self-pity, which he reserved for periods of self-absorbed misery in the privacy of his own home.
‘So, what I don’t understand, dear boy, is why she was obsessed with you?’
It was a question he had regularly asked himself.
‘I’ve no idea about that either. Maybe she just saw me as the way to escape from Vinny.’
‘Strange,’ said the doctor. ‘I never much got involved with the clinical mental health. As a doctor, I am a nuts and bolts man, a bit like repairing a car. If a part breaks or goes wrong you take it out and buy a new one or repair it – you can see what’s wrong to fix it. But if the electronics fail on these modern cars, like mental health, it’s a complete mystery to me. When in Ken–– ’
‘Miss Dubois,’ Ms Cheery had appeared behind the doctor. ‘I have something to discuss. Can we talk?’
For a moment Collette was unsure of herself. ‘Yes of course – when?’
‘No time like the present. I assume you’ve finished eating?’
‘Yes okay.’ Collette got to her feet and DS immediately rose out of his chair.
‘Where shall we go?’ asked DS.
For a moment Ms Cheery glared at him over her horn-rimmed glasses, her hatchet face fully pinched. ‘I’m speaking to Miss Dubois,’ she said slowly. ‘It’s a private conversation.’
‘But . . .’ spluttered DS. ‘I . . .’
‘Sorry, but who are you again?’
DS sunk back into his seat, humiliated.
Any other time, Kevin would have enjoyed that little exchange very much, but he genuinely felt sorry for DS. His world and self-image was built upon sand and it had crumbled in the worst way before the gathered members of the DSWS, his DSWS. The fiefdom of the writers circle had been his redoubt again the harsh truths of reality and it had crumbled into ruins.
No one spoke, heads remained awkwardly bowed. DS sat hunched over and very still, staring sightlessly into the distance, lost and empty. Kevin was desperate to get away. He had been happy to prick the egoist buffoonery of DS’s pretentions, but the complete implosion of DS’s world was of a different order entirely. Kevin had no desire to witness the tragedy of a man’s life unravel so completely before his eyes.
‘I need to sort something out in my room.’
‘Yes, you do that, dear boy,’ said the doctor with a quiet solemnity normally reserved for conversations at funerals.
Lynn glanced up and offered Kevin a flicker of a smile then with her head bowed, she resumed an attitude not unlike that of prayer.
Perhaps she was praying for DS, thought Kevin. She might be at the loony end of the Christian fringe, but that was no bar to requesting divine intervention on DS’s behalf, asking the Almighty to bestow upon him even a modicum of the literary talent he believed he had. Then again, the top man was good, but there were miracles and there were miracles.


33


Kevin returned to the room that had been allotted to him after the pool incident. It was his third and he had only been at the hotel less than forty-eight hours, which had to be some sort of record.
Lying on the bed, he reflected back on the day. Even knowing the replica gun was more likely to have killed Vinny than himself it didn’t prevent the disturbing flashbacks. But strangely, looking back on it in the quiet of the hotel room, falling into the pool and getting reacquainted with death hadn’t fazed him at all, either when it happened or now. It was hard to grasp the experience or find the words to describe it, but the overriding sensation was one of calm – there was no fear or anxiety, only perfect, undisturbed serenity, all bathed in a wonderful golden light of peace.
As strange as it was, that period in which effectively he had died had worked in his favour. The fact that the doctor had declared him dead and scary Emma fled the scene knowing no different, hopefully means it will be the end to her obsession – surely there was little to be gained from her now stalking a perceived corpse. Likewise, Vinny had already been locked away in the pump room before Kevin was resuscitated, so he wouldn’t contradict what scary Emma believed she had witnessed.
It wasn’t just those dramatic final moments of the incident that churned around in his head – so many things had taken place in the space of twelve hours that he’d had his fill of excitement for the next twenty years. He used to bemoan that his life was dull, but he would take that any day now. What was a day of total hell and stress was saved by a single beacon of light – his darling Emma Darling.
Naturally, Kevin being Kevin, at that moment he instantly began to fret over the upcoming date. His mind was like an emotional theme park – always moments from another rollercoaster ride. What if after all that had happened they didn’t hit it off? Even if they did, perhaps as far as Emma was concerned the date was just a one off and she wasn’t interested in a lasting relationship – and why would she with him in particular, the unexciting, humble gardener? Even if they did plan to see each other again, what was the practicality of anything meaningful developing when they lived so far apart? Again, as he inevitably did, he had run ahead of himself, like some chess grand master having the fifteenth move in his head before even making the opening gambit.
In reality, Kevin knew little about Emma Darling – what her story was, why such a beautiful woman was still single. Damien had dropped hints about her having a rough time in the last couple of years, but it hadn’t been Kevin’s place to inquire further.
Ultimately, Kevin’s wanted her backstory – how she had come to this point in her life – that need was driven by his own insecurity and low opinion of himself. He questioned why she seems to like him against all the other eligible men she must see pass through those hotel doors. Did she imagine Kevin was something he wasn’t and would only be disappointed when she discovered the accidental hero was a boring gardener, whose life was mundane and uneventful. That he wasn’t a super hero in his spare time performing heroic deeds and putting his life on the line, except occasionally rescuing one of ‘‘His Ladies’’ cat’s from a tree – Smokey, Joan’s cat in particular seemed unable to find reverse gear.
A knock on his bedroom door startled him, making him spring bolt upright in the bed.
‘It’s only me,’ said Emma from the corridor.
Kevin snapped round then blew out his cheeks. He needed to add ‘sharp knock on door’ to his PTSD triggers. He got up and let her in.
‘I’m just checking you’re okay.’
‘No, I’m fine. How about you? You went through a lot as well.’
‘I have my moments thinking about it, but the show must go on as they say.’
‘I’m surprise your bosses didn’t give you time off.’
‘They did offer, but I prefer to work rather than just sitting at home on my own twiddling my thumbs.’
‘I hope they realise they are lucky to have you.’
‘I’m sure they do. The owner of the hotel is my dad.’
‘Oh wow, I didn’t realise.’
‘No reason why you should.’ She glanced round and saw his wet clothes in the en-suite. ‘I’ll take those and get them cleaned for you.’
‘Thanks, but it doesn’t seem worth it. I’ll just shove them in my case.’
‘How are you getting home, by the way? Damien said you were calling a cab?’
‘Change of plan. That guy, Derek Staines is going to give me a lift – although reluctantly.’
‘Reluctantly? But I thought you were all pals?’
‘It’s–– ’
‘Don’t tell me – it’s a long story.’ She laughed. Kevin couldn’t help laughing at himself.
Between chuckles Kevin said, ‘All will be revealed tomorrow – I promise. No more man of mystery.’
‘You’d better. The suspense is killing me.’ She pulled him forward and gave him a peck on the cheek then turned to leave. ‘Oh, I’d forgotten the other reason I came here. Damien took a look at your dash cam memory cards. The one that was on the front windscreen was corrupted and not good. But the rear mounted one showed quite clearly Mr Pondlyffe breaking into your car, then driving it to the river.’
‘It filmed Vinny in the front seat? That doesn’t make sense. The camera on the tailgate points backwards.’
Emma shrugged. ‘Perhaps the camera got spun around somehow. But he definitely said it showed Mr Pondlyffe in the front seat.’
‘That’s weird, but it proves to the insurance company I wasn’t driving.’ Kevin thought back. ‘Actually, it might have been when I got here and the parcel shelf fell off – perhaps I knocked it?’
‘Seems like you accidentally did yourself a favour. But the police didn’t question what happened when they gave you a crime number.’
‘But they don’t care and just want to get you off the phone as they aren’t the ones who might have to pay out. I think I can safely say I won’t be renewing my insurance with that bunch of shysters.’
‘Damien will email the footage.’
‘Thank him for me.’
‘I will. And I’ll see you tomorrow.’


34


‘That wasn’t so bad, was it,’ said Emma as she and Kevin walked out of the police station. ‘It’ll be interesting to see if Pondlyffe pleads guilty or not.’
‘With so many witnesses as to what went on, I can’t think he can have any defence.’
‘A clever brief might go down the route of mental health issues, diminished responsibility to get him a lighter sentence or even get him off,’ said Emma. ‘But let’s keep our fingers crossed – if he pleads guilty we won’t have to go to court to give evidence. And his girlfriend will be none the wiser that you are still alive.’
On the drive to the police station in Emma’s car, Kevin had started to relate his ‘long story’ and scary Emma’s pivotal role in the events.
‘I know. It’s mad isn’t it. But living in the same town, I still might bump into her.’
‘She’ll think you are a ghost haunting her.’
Kevin smiled.
Since he was young, he always had a soft spot for anyone who made him laugh – it drew him to people he wouldn’t normally engage with, particularly those who didn’t take themselves too seriously. Emma’s sense of humour only made him adore her even more.
With the overcast sky, twilight was setting in early. He checked the time. It was eight-fifteen. They had been at the police station over three hours – a lot longer than he expected it to take to make their statements.
‘So, where’s the best place to go for a drink? We can go back to the hotel and have a drink in the bar,’ said Kevin. ‘That way you don’t have to worry about driving.’
She wrinkled her nose at the idea. ‘Too busy with all you literary types and I’ll still feel as if I’m on duty. Not really the place for a quiet drink. I’ve got another idea.’
Kevin hoped she wasn’t going to suggest The Green Man with the sarky landlord. He still hadn’t forgiven mine host, Bill for calling him scum in front of the whole pub.
‘I live in a small cottage within the hotel grounds – we can go back there and it’s a short stagger back later for you.’
‘That’s handy. You’re lucky. No worries about commuting then. But, sadly, you’ve got no excuse for being late for work either.’
‘There is that. But it’s cosy and one of the perks of my dad having the hotel.’
‘I was supposed to be buying you a drink to thank you for all you’ve done – can we stop at an off licence so at least I can get you a nice bottle of something or flowers or chocolates?’
‘There really is no need. I’m sure Damien will have a few to spare if I want flowers. As for drink, the cottage is fully stocked – another perk of dad owning the place.’

On the drive back to the hotel, Emma asked Kevin about his work. He was dreading that. He enjoyed what he did for a living and his band of loyal ladies he worked for, but detailing his day to day routine would hardly have Emma hanging on his every word.
For the most part he told Emma about the ladies themselves and how each was a quite character in their own right. He specially told her about Pam. In none of the story regarding scary Emma had Kevin made mention of Collette. That to a degree, lessened Pam’s crucial role as his long suffering agony aunt in the affair, but even so, Kevin’s affection for Pam shone through.
‘She sounds a really nice lady.’
‘No, Pam’s great. I wanted to adopt her as my grandmother.’
‘Do you ever see yourself moving on?’ asked Emma.
Kevin didn’t reply immediately. Although Emma had phrased it in a different way, it was the same question posed during job interviews: ‘Where do you see yourself in five years-time?’ It probed for ambition and drive. Are you a go-getter or a stick in the mud journeyman? Being older and wiser, if asked that question now by a potential employer he knew what his answer would be. It was unlikely to get him the job, but it would be the truth. As he would like to be tomorrow, in a week’s time, in six months and in five years, he would simply like to be happy – if that meant still working for ‘His Ladies’ (admittedly a few may have dropped off the perch in that time) then so be it.
Having considered his answer, he said, ‘Work-wise, I’m happy enough at the moment. I’ll never be a millionaire doing what I do, but the ladies appreciate my efforts.’
‘Damien tells me he offered you a job.’
‘And if I didn’t live so far away, and if I didn’t have My Ladies to considered, I would take it like a shot. Your grounds are beautiful. It would be a terrific opportunity.’ He turned to her with sudden curiosity. ‘How long has you father owned the hotel – has the estate been passed down through the family?’
‘No inheritance. He paid for it himself with his own money. He was a city man who made his money in the financial markets, but got out for the quiet life. The grounds weren’t anything like they are now. You won’t believe how much work Damien and his team have put in. It has taken ten years to get it to how you see it.’
‘And you’ve worked there all that time?’
‘No. Only the last two years. I was, as they say, a high-flying lawyer previously and working in London. I dealt with big corporate finance. You won’t believe the amounts of money we are talking about with some of the deals that were negotiated.’
Kevin felt sick with hollow feeling inside and very insignificant. She was way out of his league – the social strata they occupied were worlds apart with no common ground between them beyond both being human beings. His humdrum existence cannot be of more than passing interest to someone of the moneyed metropolitan elite and the rarefied circles she moved in.
She glanced at Kevin. ‘You’ve gone quiet.’
‘I’m just thinking. It must have been a great job.’
‘The money we were paid was ridiculous. We would go on lunches that came to over five-hundred pounds and people would fight to pay the bill. The cost not even denting their bank balance. But do you know, I hated every single moment of it. Some of the wealthiest and most privileged people were the most horrible you can ever meet – arrogant and nasty and turn on you in a second if they thought they could get ahead by it. I stuck with it because I didn’t want to let my dad down. He had invested so much in my future success thinking it would make me happy, but it all unravelled when I got divorced. My husband was a lawyer and still is, but we drifted apart when he became purely driven by money and status. And he decided he didn’t want kids. Kids were always part of my plan and he knew that, so that was the final straw. It took a while, but it was during that period when I realised happiness doesn’t come through having a huge bank balance or the material trappings of wealth – they are just the carrots that are dangled to make you put up with being so miserable and accept a cut throat, soulless existence in the work environment. And I can honestly say working at the hotel, doing what I’m doing, I’ve never been happier.’
‘Don’t you miss the high life?’
‘The thought of it now turns my stomach. I’d rather have a bag of chips rather than some crazily expensive meal with people I can’t stand.’
They turned off the road into the entrance of the hotel driveway. Kevin hadn’t taken any notice of them before, but set back behind the old gate house and enclosed by tall hedging were two pretty stone cottages. There was a narrow driveway that led to the rear.
‘Here we are, home.’
‘It’s beautiful. I live in a two up, two down, but it’s not picture postcard like yours.’
‘You’ll have to tell me what you think of the garden, I do it all myself, with a few tips from Damien of course.’
Emma led the way inside.


35


Kevin joined the DSWS table for breakfast, not so much for the company, but to ensure DS didn’t try to bump him off the passenger list. Kevin could imagine DS saying as they sped off without him, ‘Oh, I’m sure Kevin said someone else is giving him a lift.’ He wouldn’t put that passed DS. And as for the company, strangely Kevin had become quite fond of the doctor and Lynn. She might be as mad as a box of frogs, but her heart was in the right place and the doctor was a tad boring about Kenya, but he was a likeable soul. And who couldn’t take to someone who probably saved your life - The Needle & The Trowel being decisive in the action.
One chilling fact they discovered at the police stat
ion yesterday afternoon was that although Vinny’s gun was likely to jam possibly with lethal results, Vinny also had a knife with an eight inch blade tucked in his sock. It gave Kevin shivers just to think about it. They also confirmed Vincent Pondlyffe was ‘well known to the police’ as they say and had many a brush with the law having been inside for assault and battery. They hinted at his involvement in darker activities within organised crime, but didn’t specify what. 
‘How was it for you guys yesterday with the police?’ asked Kevin.
‘Ooo, a very nice young man took my statement and do you know what, it inspired me to write a poem about it. I’ve got it with me.’ Lynn popped her head under the table and burrowed into her ‘Bag for Life’.
‘Perhaps,’ DS said quickly, ‘you should save it for our next meeting so that we’ve all had a chance to process the events of the weekend.’
No one rushed to argue otherwise.
‘What time are you thinking of leaving, Derek?’ asked the doctor.
Kevin was keen to know that too. The police had called him first thing that morning to say they needed to interview him again to go over a couple of points. He explained he had no transport and they agreed to come to the hotel at ten.
DS glanced at his watch. ‘I think we should be on the road by ten-thirty at the very latest.’
‘Um, that might be a bit tricky,’ Kevin said hesitantly. ‘The police need to speak to me again. I don’t know if they’ll have finished by half-ten.’
Kevin swore he saw a trace of a smile on DS’s face.
‘Can’t be any later I’m afraid. I have a very important appointment to attend to back home. Long standing, can’t be broken. So you might have to make other arrangements to get back.’
‘Ooo, Derek, we can hang on another fifteen minutes, and if you put your foot down on the motorway we can easily make up that time.’
‘I can never condone anyone speeding. I have my licence to consider. If Kevin can be with us by ten-thirty, I’ll be happy to give him a lift, if not well . . .’ DS shrugged.
DS relished grabbing back a bit of his old control. Kevin glared at him with undisguised contempt. The guy was a worm. Collette appeared as unhappy as Kevin was.
‘That’s very unfair, Derek after all of us have been through. How will he get home!’ Collette’s rebuke stung DS making him falter.
‘I am sorry about that, but the appointment is–– ’
At that moment Emma appeared. ‘Don’t worry, Kevin. I’ve cleared it with the management – I’ll give you a lift home.’
Kevin was too stunned to thank her properly. ‘No, thanks, great, but it’s such a long way.’
‘Just let me know when you’re ready.’ She glanced at DS and gave a tiny shake of her head then walked off.
Naturally, it will be fantastic to spend more time with her. They had spent quite a bit of time in each other’s company yesterday to the extent that the maid wouldn’t need to make the bed in his hotel room. Kevin was amazed how well they had hit it off and it frightened him. He had never felt this way before and he didn’t want it to end or ever come down from that high. Even though they had made plans to see each other whenever schedules allowed, he was scared that their long distance relationship would eventually fizzle out. Kevin even toyed with the idea of moving closer to her, possibly taking the job Damien offered, but ultimately there was always the issue of ‘‘His Ladies’’ to consider.
During the police interview these were the thoughts that consumed him, not Vinny’s or scary Emma’s antics and he answered their questions with a certain distraction. Fortunately, there were just a couple of points they needed clarifying including the collecting the evidence from the dash cam. Kevin happily emailed it to them while they sat in his room.
They advised him that Vinny has agreed to plead guilty to get a reduced sentence, but they needed to gather all the related evidence should he suddenly have a change of heart before the court case.
The two policemen left the hotel by ten-forty-five. If DS had held on for another few minutes Kevin could have got his lift. But Andy on reception confirmed that they had left at the stroke of ten-thirty.


36


‘You guys came quite a way for this,’ said Emma.
‘I couldn’t resist visiting the grounds.’ It was the truth, but only half of it.
He wasn’t yet prepared to confess that the principle motivation had been Collette.
Even when they were lying in each other’s arm in Emma’s cottage, swopping intimate details of their lives, Kevin still made little mention of how Collette had dominated his whole existence over the last few months. He was now embarrassed by the ridiculousness of it, not because Collette was never ever going to like him that way, but because there was no basis for him to have believed a relationship was even likely – they had hardly spoken more than a few dozen words face to face. Kevin had conjured the fantasy of a happy ever after scenario with no encouragement from her – ultimately, it was a silly schoolboy crush. In a way, only by degree, scary Emma was no different with her believing Kevin was the ‘One’.
‘Anyway, I’m glad you did.’
It would have sounded too cheesy saying, ‘And me.’ So he gave her knee an affectionate squeeze instead.
The London bound traffic was light and the made uneventful progress along the M23. With Emma concentrating on the road, Kevin relaxed back and took in the passing scenery of green fields and rolling hills. In the distance he spotted a car pulled over on the hard shoulder with its bonnet up and four people leaning against the Armco barrier sensibly keeping as far back as possible from the fast moving traffic. As they neared, Kevin recognised Collette from her striking hair.
‘Emma, it’s the guys from the hotel. They must have broken down.’
‘I’ll pull over.’ Emma flicked on her hazard lights and went to swing onto the hard shoulder.
‘Pull in ahead of them, it’ll be safer. These can be dangerous situations.’ He didn’t say it, but it wouldn’t be right if Emma’s car got totalled by an inattentive driver drifting off the carriage way. If DS’s got wrecked then so be it – karma.
Emma slowed her car and passed the stricken vehicle, sharply pulling onto the hard shoulder. She reversed up to towards them.
‘Be careful as you get out,’ said Kevin.
They walked back along the hard shoulder and were met by four miserable looking faces. DS paced up and down, occasionally peering under the bonnet, then shaking his head.
‘Hello, dear boy. We seem to have a bit of an issue.’
‘What happened, do you know?’ asked Kevin.
‘Ooo, well, it just went bang, then stopped.’
‘A very big bang,’ said Collette. ‘Sounded terminal.’
‘Yes, thank you for that,’ DS snapped back at her.
‘Is a breakdown truck on its way?’ asked Emma.
DS made a strange growling sound and disappeared under the bonnet.
‘Poor Derek hasn’t got breakdown cover,’ said Lynn. We did offer to push it, but . . .’
Observing Collette’s and the doctor’s body language, it didn’t seem to Kevin that there would have been a full complement of volunteers for that impossible task.
‘What are you going to do then?’ asked Emma.
‘Well,’ said the doctor folding his arms in irritation. ‘Quite simply, Derek needs to get on the phone and call a recovery service. We can’t stand here all day. Looks as if it’s going to rain as well.’
DS’s disembodied voice called out from under the bonnet, ‘It might only be a temporary fault and it will sort itself out.’
‘Ooo, Derek, it was a very, very big bang.’
‘Derek,’ said Collette, ‘We’ve been here over forty minutes. And it’s dangerous.’
The rebellion was gathering pace.
Emma stepped in. ‘Look, you guys, I’m taking Kevin home, I’m guessing you all live roughly in the same area? Why don’t you all jump in with me?’
DS reappeared from under the bonnet. ‘That’s not such a bad idea. The car can be sorted later.’ 
There was an awkward silence.
‘Oh,’ said Emma. ‘The thing is my car can only take five, and there are six of us.’
DS glanced over Emma’s shoulder at her car. ‘But that’s quite big car, I’m sure–– ’
‘As I said, it’s only designed to take five people – maximum.’
DS turned towards the gathered DSWS with a hopeful expression. ‘You know I’ve got this really important appointment I need to get to. I’m sure one of you won’t mind helping me out.’
‘Sorry, Derek, in what way?’ asked the doctor.
‘Well, you know, as this young lady’s car can only take five. I was wondering . . .’
Cars whooshed close by on the motorway reminding them how precarious it was to be exposed on the hard shoulder.
‘Collette, I don’t suppose . . . ?’
‘Ooo, Derek, you can’t expect a young girl to hang around on her own. What is she supposed to do?’
‘There’s bound to be a police patrol come by at some point.’
‘Collette?’ DS asked again, almost pleading. He turned to the doctor. ‘Henry, I–– ’
‘Don’t be ridiculous, man,’ snapped the doctor. ‘Anyway, you’d best stay with your car. You wouldn’t want anything to happen to it after all. Come back and find all your wheels missing or something.’
‘And as you said,’ Kevin chipped in with barely disguised glee, ‘you might be able to get it going again.’
Cases were transferred and the five set off. It was unnecessary, childish even, but Kevin got a great deal of pleasure from it. He wound down his window and gave DS a farewell salute as they accelerated away, it being no accident that his middle finger was raised prominently above the others.


37


In the couple of weeks that followed his return home, Kevin had another brush with his old sparring partner ‘coincidence’. On this occasion, surprisingly, it wasn’t making his life a misery, quite the reverse. Collette had emailed him saying she wanted to meet up to pick his brains. Kevin was thankful that Lynn had given him the heads up at the hotel, otherwise, once upon a time, before he had met Emma Darling, he would have gone completely overboard thinking it was the launch pad for luv. Now he was just curious.
It seemed appropriate that they should meet in the Horse & Hounds, but they didn’t make use of the snug, the old haunt of the DSWS.
Kevin carried her coke and his pint to the table. There were only half-a-dozen other people in the bar. He couldn’t help imagining Lynn bustling through the door in her usual fluster, followed by the doctor, like a steely-eyed gunslinger primed and ready to quick draw a copy of The Needle & The Trowel from his jacket pocket to rip-off a mug punter.
‘Funny being here without the others,’ said Kevin.
‘Derek sent an email to say he had disbanded the DSWS and is pursuing a solo playwriting career.’
‘What about the doctor and Lynn? Won’t they mind?’
‘I don’t think they will be that fussed about the writing – I think here was more of a social thing. Lynn still has her care home residents she regularly visits and recites her new collections of poems to.’
Lucky old them, thought Kevin.
‘And how about you, how are you getting on with Ms Cheery?’
‘It’s only been a few days, but she is very encouraging. She comes across as an old battle axe, but I think it is just a front. She seems quite caring.’
Kevin made no comment – if she possessed a heart of gold the disguise was perfect. A question that had never been answered popped into his head.
‘Actually, thinking about Lynn – what is it with the ‘Bag for Life’ thing? I’m intrigued.’
‘It’s a very sad story. She told me that she had always been very safety conscious especially in the home – checking everything was turned off a night, doors and windows were locked, but one night she went out and left a pot on the stove that was still alight – a bit like you did at the meeting – it caused a massive fire and she lost everything. Everything inside was burned, all her things, all her mementos, photographs of her children, everything including all her important paperwork she kept meticulously filed away, which included her building insurance details. At first the insurance company refused to pay out because they couldn’t trace her policy – oh, by the way this was before records of everything were kept on computer – it was only because of the efforts of her son-in-law, who was a solicitor, that the policy was traced and they paid out. So, she carries all her important paperwork with her at all times. It’s sad she feels she needs to do that, but it’s the only way she can go out without having panic attacks.’
‘You’re right, that is sad.’
Kevin felt rotten. Obviously he wasn’t aware of Lynn’s tragedy when he made up his pan on the stove nonsense, but even the suggestion of it must have brought back nightmare memories. Okay, he couldn’t possibly have known, but he was still such an idiot.
‘Look, I hope you don’t mind me asking you this,’ said Collette. ‘But with the book deal I’m going to need more time to write than I’ve got with my nursery job – which I love by the way – and I would hate you to think I want to muscle in on your business in any way, but I want to do what you do, gardening and landscaping. It’ll mean I can organise work to suit my writing, rather than a strict five days-a-week, nine-til-five-type job tying me down. Have you got any advice how can I get started?’
Kevin had been to college to gain his City & Guilds in horticulture. An untutored amateur can make a living from basic garden maintenance, but anything more technical has to be learned at college and then an apprenticeship undertaken ideally with an old hand at her side offering advice and guidance.
‘I’m willing to learn, as I do love gardening. Is there any hope for me? I don’t need to earn much as mum left me the house paid for and some savings she had.’
Kevin chuckled. Collette lowered her eyes, taking his response as mocking her.
 ‘I’m sorry, Kevin. I see I’ve wasted your time. I’m just being silly aren’t I.’
‘Hey, sorry, I’m not laughing at you, promise. But you may have made me very happy and provided a solution that could possibly change my whole life – for the better I might add.’
Understandably, Collette was confused. ‘How?’
‘I’ve been offered a job at the William Beaumont, but I can’t let ‘My ladies’ down.’
He explained who ‘His Ladies’ were and outlined off the top of his head how it could work in practice with Collette taking over maintaining their gardens.
‘While you’re learning, you can call me anytime if you’ve got a technical query. The other stuff is straight-forward hard work. And if possible, I can come back here and give you a hand sometimes, so I can still keep in touch and say hello to them all and see my mum.’
‘Do you mean it?’
‘Of course. It’s perfect.’ He paused for a moment’s reflection. ‘My mum might not be happy though with me not being around to listen patiently to the daily update on all her maladies.’
‘Is she ill?’
‘She’s the fittest sick person I have ever met.’
‘If there’s no one else, I’d be happy to call in on her to see how she is.’
Kevin could have cried. He had no idea such truly nice people existed in this world.
Collette was happy and Kevin was happy, but there was one problem that needed to be resolved – working at the hotel, he will need accommodation nearby. His own place should be easy to let out, but he needed to get onto agents and register for a property to rent.
Later that evening, he called Emma to update her of the development and to ensure the job was still available.
‘Damien would love to have you on the team.’
‘As soon as I find accommodation I’ll be joining you.’
‘I’ll put the word out around and abouts. In the meantime, I’ll need to check with him first though, Damien’s cottage next to mine isn’t being used. Damien moved out to live with his girlfriend. It’s lovely in there and be a great place to stay temporarily until you get yourself sorted down here.’
Kevin hesitated. Would living and working in such close proximity, getting under each other’s feet, put too much strain on a relationship just starting out? He then cast caution aside and thought, to hell with it – it could be the start of something very special in his life – seize the day. ‘Damien’s place sounds great. I’ll get my own place as soon as I can.’
‘I’ll check he’s okay with it tonight and confirm with you.’


38


‘Morning, Pam. I’d like to introduce someone to you.’
Kevin didn’t usually take the trouble to knock at Pam’s front door to let her know he was there. He just went straight through to the rear garden via the side gate.
‘Oh, hello, Kevin.’ Pam looked first at Kevin and then beyond him at the figure of Collette standing on the path directly behind. She shot Kevin a questioning glance.
‘Pam. I want to introduce you to Collette.’
‘Hi, Pam. Nice to meet you,’ said Collette stepping forward and shaking Pam’s hand.
Pam’s face lit up. ‘You’re the girl who–– ’
‘Yes that’s right,’ Kevin jumped in quickly. ‘The girl who will be doing your maintenance from now on. And yes, I’ve warned her about your jokes.’
‘The Collette that–– ’
‘Yes, Pam, the girl’s who’s a brilliant writer and now has a book deal.’
‘So . . . ?’ Pam’s eyes flicked between the two of them.
‘It’s a long story,’ said Kevin. ‘But I’ve met someone at the hotel when we all went to for the writer’s weekend workshop and so now, I’m relocating out of the area.’
‘And Collette?’
Kevin knew exactly what she meant. ‘We intend to stay good pals.’
‘You met someone else, but you were . . . ?’
‘I know. It’s amazing how things in life can change so quickly.’
Pam stood open mouthed.
‘Collette hasn’t got the experience I have,’ said Kevin. ‘But she knows I’m always on hand to help over the phone. I’ll show her your fantastic garden.’
Pam was still lost for words as they walked off down the side of the house. 
They stood in the park-like expanse of Pam’s rear garden admiring the beautiful landscaped features.
‘She seems nice,’ said Collette.
‘She’s great. You’ll really get on with her. Do you like tea and cake?’
‘Sometimes.’
‘Well, you’d better get used to it.’
‘You’ve been so good to me, Kevin. What you’ve done is so much more than I expected since I first came up with the idea. So, you definitely don’t mind me borrowing your gardening equipment. I can pay you.’
‘Unless the job at the hotel doesn’t work out, I’ll have no use for them. And it’s barely enough reward for being brave enough to keep an eye on my mum.’ Kevin spotted a weed growing in a flower bed and pulled it out. ‘My car has been declared a write-off and I’m expecting a call today from the insurance company. They are going to tell me how much they’re paying out for it. If it’s enough, I’ve had my eye on one to replace it. Should that work out, I’ll have a van that is excess to requirements and you will be welcome to use it until you can get your own. At least that will give you enough time to know if you like the work and want to stick with it.’
‘I don’t know what to say. You’ve been so kind.’
Kevin studied her for a moment. Even in a scruffy pair of jeans and baggy T-shirt she was still beautiful. She deserved nice things happening to her. He made light of his generosity.
‘You’ll need all my gear to keep the ladies happy – they’re such tyrants.’
Pam popped her head out of the backdoor. ‘Kevin, can I have a word, I’m a bit confused.’
Kevin smiled. He had been summoned for an interrogation to explain himself. He could hardly complain after all the interminable hours of Kevin’s hang-wringing despair he had put Pam through over the last few months. And now within the space of a single weekend, everything had changed.
She ushered him into the house and looked him hard in the eye. ‘So?’
‘Bit of a long story.’
‘That lovely girl out there that you were so smitten with, so . . . ?’
‘I’m not her type.’
‘Okay. And the other one, you know . . . ?’
‘She thinks I’m dead.’
‘Should I ask?’
‘Probably not,’ said Kevin.
‘Hmm.’ Her expression softened. ‘But are you happy?’
‘I hate tempting fate, but I am. And I can honestly say I’ve never been happier.’
‘At last. Hoorah! Naturally, you’ll receive my bill in the post.’
Kevin didn’t usually give his clients a hug as some were so frail he was afraid they might snap in two, but at that moment Kevin made Pam the exception.
‘You’ll have to come back and see us,’ said Pam. ‘Introduce me to your new belle.’
‘I’m sure Emma would love that.’
‘Emma?’
‘Yeah, I know. You couldn’t make it up.’
