The Finish Line
by
John Christopher Roberts

Copyright © 2013 
John Christopher Roberts

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



First and foremost, this book is dedicated to my father, whose life and vision form the basis for this story. Your race is run, Pop. Rest easy.
And, second, to people everywhere who know they have what it takes, and have to fight every day to survive.
Never give up.
Never give in to despair, deceit, or the dishonesty of those without talent, without heart.
Believe and never loose faith.
It ain’t over ‘til it’s over.


Chapter 1


High atop the grandstands at Hialeah Park the flags stood out boldly against an azure sky. They blew gaily in the light morning breeze as the warm Florida sun shone brightly down on Miami the second Saturday morning of April, 1941. A noisy flock of pink flamingos occupying the lagoon inside the oval race track filled the morning breeze with their cries and concerns.
The track was freshly groomed and untrammeled, raked and ready in anticipation of the day’s races. The earth was moist with early morning dew. Later in the day that would change when the heat of the afternoon began to bear down on every human, plant and animal.
Patterned after the Oriental in Havana, Hialeah Park had been described in the press as the most beautiful race course in the world.  Its sweeping staircases, balconies of light gray limestone, and luxurious flora combined to give the buildings the look of a graceful French chateau.  The flocks of pink flamingos and black swans that made their permanent home in the large lagoon in the center of the racing oval added to the feeling of luxury and opulence that permeated the grounds of Hialeah.
The scene was all very familiar to a short strongly built man in a dilapidated Panama hat who stood at the paddock rail. As the crowd of race fans milled noisily about he looked out over the broad expanse of the racetrack oval at the pink flamingos and their young. He folded a racing form neatly in half, tucked it under his arm and gazed up at the wisps of clouds blowing in from the Gulf of Mexico.
He wore a pair of faded tan gabardine trousers, a little baggy at the knees, and a beige cotton shirt. The collar and cuffs of his shirt were trimmed in brown saddle stitches. Dust covered his worn leather boots. The worn out hat completed his outfit.
Panama took off his hat to wipe the perspiration from the sweatband. The thin strands of his wavy once sandy-red, now completely white, hair blew gently in the light breeze. He looked a good three weeks overdue for a trip to the barber. His long thin face, creased and browned by years of wind and sun, showed the same wear and tear as his clothing, with the notable exception of his wide-set, pale brown eyes, which were lively, and clear.
He took a long look at the beat up hat in his left hand. On the first Saturday in May, Panama, as the regulars called him, threw away his old hat and replaced it with the best, most expensive, shiniest new straw hat he could find.  It was his trademark, known at racetracks from coast to coast.  But the first Saturday in May was several weeks off and he still wore the tattered victim of last year’s sun and showers.
“Another year done, and a new one gettin’ ready to run,” Panama thought, placing the hat back in its familiar place.
He took the racing form out from under his arm and unfolding it, leaned his elbows on the paddock rail and began to contemplate the information printed in its dog-eared pages.
He had begun his racing career many years earlier as a jockey. He had the perfect physique for the job.  As a young man he was light of frame with strong but sensitive hands, and a good sense of balance.  His riding days were long over. Like most men in their fifties Panama had filled out over the years, but his forearms, chest, and shoulders were just as strong as they had been in his twenties.
He spent season after season moving from track to track following the racing season cross-country, and back again, beginning each year at Hialeah Park.  He made his living at the window now, handicapping horses, a skill at which he excelled, and for which, like his trademark hat, he was known to all the regulars who frequented Hialeah.
Cocking the brim of his hat to shield his eyes from the sun, Panama leaned on the paddock rail as he watched the trainer saddle the Five horse.  Looking alert, the colt stood quietly in the morning air with his ears forward while the saddle was cinched up.  He sneezed a few times, relaxing, and nodded his head twice at Panama, as if to assure him he intended to win the race.  Five horse in the fifth.  Panama believed in luck, but he didn’t depend on it.  He looked from the horse to the sheet one last time to check the race conditions and his selection.  There was a lot of valuable information in the Past Performances of the Racing Form.
“But they were just that -- past performances, “Panama reflected as he heard his name called above the heads of the milling crowd.
“Hey, Panama!” Willimina Hobbs shouted as she hurried across the sunlit paddock. One hand held a large broad-brimmed straw hat on her head as she made a beeline through the crowd, heading straight for Panama.  Known to everyone as Willie, she owned a saloon and boarding house on the South Beach called The Finish Line where she rented some rooms by the week, some by the day, and some by the hour.  She was a woman whose age would be difficult to guess, having done some pretty heavy drinking in her sixty-odd years. She wore a red plaid shirt two sizes too big with the sleeves rolled up under a pair of bib-overalls which were rolled up above her ankles. On her feet she wore a pair of black high top tennis shoes with no socks.
Looking like a scarecrow running from her own shadow she staggered toward Panama, her matronly breasts swinging freely beneath her shirt and overalls. As she pulled up alongside Panama she lost her balance and steadying herself, grabbed his shoulder with an outstretched hand.  Her sunburned face was a mass of friendly wrinkles. The capillaries on her nose and cheeks stood out delicately on her pink cheeks. She hid her bloodshot eyes behind a pair of dark cat’s eye sunglasses. As she leaned in close, towering over Panama, she brought her left index finger up to her slightly pursed lips. Willie looked around to see if anyone was listening.  She whispered a question in his left ear, her breath laced with the strong flavor of a good morning shot of bourbon.
“Who you think looks good in the fifth?” she asked, trying to catch her breath, her hand resting confidentially on Panama’s shoulder.
“The Five horse.” Panama whispered back breathlessly, playing along.  She gave Panama a big wink from behind her sunglasses, and flashed him the “okay” sign.
“Five. Got it,” she whispered.
Panama watched with a bemused smile as Willie staggered away into the crowd, headed for the betting windows.  Panama’s smile faded quickly as he detected the faint aroma of body odor. Sammy the Snake wearing a soiled white tank top and a worn pair of jeans slipped in between him and a distinguished looking gentleman in an expensive gray suit.
“How’s tricks, Panama?” Sammy hissed softly in Panama’s right ear.  He had a thin weasel-like body, dark features, and a large nose separating two narrow, close-set brown eyes.
“Everything’s jake,” replied Panama without turning his head as Sammy deftly inserted his hand into the pocket of the gray suit and swiftly withdrew several hundred dollar bills folded into a gold money clip.  Panama sensed instantly that Sammy was on the whiz.
“See ya in the funny papers,” Sammy smiled as he slipped silently back into the crowd, moving quickly in the general direction of the betting windows. Panama watched from the corner of his eye as Sammy slide past a plainclothesman in a blue suit just as he was slapping a set of bracelets on Buddy Balesteros, a local bookie.  He had seen the recent headlines about the crackdown on illegal betting by Alex Balfe, Florida’s new Racing Commissioner.  Not wishing to attract any attention to himself, he pushed the brim of his hat further down on his forehead and studied the racing form as the cop manhandled the bookie out of the paddock.
The race was a $3,000 claiming race at six furlongs for three year olds and up.  Winners of one race that year were given three additional pounds.  Panama first threw out all the horses that couldn’t win and then tried to pick the two or three that could hit the board.  Number Five stood out as the clear winner.  The horse’s name was Bold Charge, a Bold Venture colt, trained by Bobby North and ridden by G. Seabo.
“Nothing wrong with that combination”, thought Panama as the paddock judge called, “Rider’s up!”
The jockeys stepped aboard as the people at the rail who had been standing quietly by studying the horses, closed their programs, folded their racing forms, and began heading for the windows to place their bets.  The horses left the paddock in single file, answering the trumpeted call for the Post Parade.  Jockeys knotted the reins and settled into the irons, crossing the paddock area accompanied by the outriders. The Parade disappeared into the tunnel under the grandstand, headed for the track and the starting gate.
Thus far, Panama had bet three out of the first four races and cashed all the tickets.  He’d won the daily double, passed the third race, and put a solid hundred-dollar bet on the favorite in the fourth that had paid off at three to one.  He had just over five hundred dollars more than he’d started with, and he was going to add another five hundred to lay on the Five horse.  He liked the ring of so many fives in combination.
Panama noticed the bespectacled Dr. Wilson J. Shultz wearing a loose-fitting blue seersucker suit with a red bow tie shuffling along in the crowd.  The Doctor fumbled a bit as he took a wrinkled handkerchief from his coat pocket and raised a trembling hand to wipe the large beads of sweat visible on his forehead.  A broken down MD on the brink of losing his license, there was talk around the backside that Doc Shultz had been routinely providing drugs to fix races.
Looking up at the board Panama had trouble believing the odds on number five were still twenty-five to one.  There was only nine hundred dollars in the win pool. Panama knew he couldn’t go to the window because such a large bet would drive down the odds to maybe even money or four to five.  And besides, such a large bet would attract attention.  Panama had a reputation for picking winners. None of the bookies at the track would take such a big bet, and he didn’t have time to split it up. He realized the only place to make the bet was with Nino Morelli.
As Panama was leaving the paddock area, looking for a way through the crowd, he spotted Lucky leaning on the paddock rail studying a racing program.  Her bright blue eyes were always the first thing Panama thought of when he thought of Lucky, which lately was a lot.  As he approached her from behind, he couldn’t keep his eyes from smiling at how her chestnut brown hair languished over her shoulders before falling past the nape of her neck onto her back.  Lucky was tall for a woman, lithe as a two year old Philly, and a few days away from her twenty-second birthday. She had brightly painted lips, and a thin straight nose, molded as if by a classical Greek sculptor in beautiful proportion to the other fine features of her face.  She wore an old pair of blue jeans and a frayed cotton shirt tucked tightly into the waist of her jeans.  Even in those tattered duds she somehow gave off an impression of elegance.  She stood as though posing for a portrait with an easy natural grace as Panama drew close to her. As he approached he couldn’t help noticing that her clothes did nothing to hide the slender sensuous curves of her hips.
“Who you like in the fifth?” Panama said.
Lucky turned around sprightly, hooked her elbows on the rail and looked at Panama, her blue eyes searched back and forth over the weathered lines of his face.
“You testing me?” she asked with a half smile.
Panama smiled back as he nodded, noticing the few small brown freckles that dotted her checks just below her sky blue eyes.
“Number Six?” she asked with an unconscious lift of her brow.
“Don’t waste your money.  Bet the Five horse.”
She studied his eyes intently.  Panama looked back steadily into hers.
“It’s as plain as the nose on your face.  If you want to see your two dollars go up in smoke, bet the Six. But if you want to make half a C bet the Five.”
“You ain’t kidding me are you, Panama?”
Panama held up his right hand, “Honest Injun.”
“Okay.  Five it is.” Lucky said with a nod.  She smiled warmly at Panama, hooking her thumbs into the empty belt loops of her jeans. As she leaned back onto the rail her pelvic bones showed from under her shirt.
Panama reached out to Lucky. She smiled and allowed the first two fingers of both his hands to follow the curve of her hips down into the waist of her jeans. He pulled her close. He felt her hair lightly brush his cheek. As he leaned in close he was instantly infused with the sweet scent of her skin wafted up into his face by the sea breeze.
 “Listen,” he whispered in her ear.  “I’m going to make a big bet and the only place to make it is with Nino Morelli.”  He slipped fifty dollars into the back pocket of her jeans.
“If I don’t get back in time, put this on the nose.”
“You expecting to get shot or something?”
“It could happen,” he said as he stepped away and disappeared into the crowd.
Ω
Detective Sergeant Patrick Concannon had grown up on New York’s Lower East Side, one of the Irish kids who had shared the streets with the Italians. At thirty-five he married a girl from Miami who worked as a buyer for Macy’s.  She loved New York, but hated the winters, and longed to get back to the Florida sunshine.  After Concannon got his twenty in with the NYPD he moved his wife, Maisey, to Miami Beach where she now owned and operated a stationary shop.  With his pension and his pay from the Miami police force, and the earnings from Maisey’s shop, they were able to enjoy a much better life style than they had endured for so many years in Brooklyn.
He took Maisey to Hialeah Park that morning intending to do nothing more than relax, place a few bets, and enjoy the view of the pink flamingo’s nesting inside the oval track over lunch. He knew Maisey positively adored pink flamingos. She had read aloud to him from the morning’s paper about the 62 chicks that had recently been born at Hialeah. To her pink flamingos represented all that was grand and beautiful about life in South Florida.
Ω
Looking past the club manager, who glared disapprovingly at his dingy hat, Panama glanced down at the track through the glass wall, which ran along the length of the Turf Club.  The manager, dressed in a crisply pressed blue suit, ran his eyes over Panama’s tired outfit. Staring down his nose at Panama and holding up his hand, he said, “Your apparel is not appropriate, sir.” 
“I just want to talk to Nino for a minute.” Panama replied, searching the crowd.
Once again, the manager’s gaze tracked Panama from head to toe.
“He’s sitting over in the corner by the window,” he said in a guarded tone, making little effort to hide his irritation.
“Thanks,” Panama nodded, touching the brim of his dilapidated hat.
 As he threaded his way between the tables, Panama felt the eyes of wealthy well-dressed people following him.  He did not normally frequent the Turf Club because it made him feel out of place and uncomfortable.  When he was half way across the room Sharkey, Nino’s right arm, spotted him.  He sat up with arms folded, his dark narrow eyes fastened on Panama as he approached the table.
At thirty-five, Nino Morelli had a smooth face, olive complexion, dark eyes, and sleek black hair combed straight back with sideburns trimmed to a point.  He fancied himself a snappy dresser.  In 1941, when a man could buy a decent Palm Beach suit off the rack for less than twenty dollars, Nino had his suits specially made for more than two hundred apiece.  He wore an off-white linen double-breasted suit with gold buttons, a pale blue shirt, and a white silk tie.  Membership in the Turf Club gave Nino the false impression he had arrived and been accepted into Miami society, but no one ever asked him to any of the galas, or swank dinner parties in Palm Beach, or Coconut Grove.
Many people believed Nino Morelli had ties to the Mob, and most of them didn’t know how right they were.  A smartly dressed young couple sat across the table from Nino.  The woman, a blue-eyed blond with short bobbed hair, wore a shell pink silk dress with matching hat. A diamond as big as the Ritz graced her left hand, but no wedding band.  Next to her, a dark featured young man who wore immaculately pressed white linen trousers, white shoes, and a double-breasted dark blue jacket sat impatiently drumming his fingers on the table top.  He seemed a little bored with the proceedings and looked as if he wished he were somewhere else.
When Panama reached the table, he sat down in the only remaining seat directly across from Nino.  Everyone but Sharkey had their attention on the post parade. Panama made no sign he was aware of Sharkey’s uninterrupted glare. Through binoculars, Nino studied the horses as they walked slowly toward the starting gate.
“See anything you like?” Panama asked, resting both his hands on the white linen tablecloth in plain view of Sharkey.
Nino took the glasses away from his eyes and turned around.
“Well, well, well, if it ain’t the hot-shot handicapper of Hialeah,” Nino said smiling as he tossed the glasses aside.  “This here, ladies and gents, is Panama Boudreaux, a guy who makes his living at the window.”
“Really?” the young woman said and turned to look at Panama, her eyes wide.
“This here’s Miss Anne Van Patten and that’s her boyfriend, Henry...er.  What’s your last name?” Nino asked with a wave of his hand.
“Wolsheim,” the young man said.
“Yeah, Henry Wolsheim.”
Panama nodded a hello.
Nino leaned back in his chair and folded his arms.  “Who you like in the fifth?”
“Five,” Panama said.  “Five in the fifth.”
The others turned to look at the odds.  From the time it had taken Panama to walk from the Paddock to the Turf Club, the odds had fallen to twenty to one.  Nino didn’t take his eyes off Panama, he knew what the odds were.
“You must be kidding.  Twenty to one?  Where do I get some of that action?” Nino said with a sly grin.
“Right here.” Panama said, returning the smile, his hands and forearms motionless on the table.
When Nino realized Panama was serious the smile faded.  He shot a nervous glance at the couple across the table.
The blue-eyed blond said, “Isn’t that what they call a long shot?”
“What sort of a bet you want to make?” Nino asked.
“How much you willing to take?” Panama answered back.
Nino glanced at the couple briefly, and returned his attention to Panama.
“Anything you wanna bet, I can cover.”
“A grand on the nose?”
Nino adjusted his necktie as if the bet Panama suggested had somehow tightened his collar.  “Not at twenty to one.”
The young couple watched, fascinated.  Nino fiddled nervously with the strap on his binoculars while Panama sat quietly, his hands still resting on the table in front of him.
“I can’t do better than five.” Nino countered.
Panama sensed that Nino didn’t want to be embarrassed, but he also knew it would be a mistake to push the advantage too far.  He thought now he should have gone to the window.  He decided to leave Nino a way out.
Panama started to get up.  “Well, looks like we’re too far apart.”
“Seven.”
The couple’s eyes shifted to Panama.  Panama knew if he turned Nino away at this point he would look as if he not really had meant to make the bet.  
“You want make it seven? Then seven it is.”
Panama could feel the tension fade away.  He folded the bills in a napkin and pushed the napkin across the table to Nino.  “You want to count it?”
Nino shook his head, as he reached out and picked up the folded napkin and placed it in his inside breast pocket.
“Your word’s good enough.”
He raised his chin and threw back his shoulders.  “Besides,” he said with smile, “if the count ain’t right, I’ll take you on a nice long boat ride.”
The couple at the table smiled a little nervously, but were obviously enjoying themselves. Only Panama, Nino, and Sharkey knew it wasn’t a joke. Panama got up from the table. He lightly tipped the brim of his worn out his hat, and started to leave.
“Stick around,” Nino said, trying to sound generous and relaxed, as he motioned the waiter over.
“Sit down and lemme buy you a drink.” He grinned, “Watch the race.  See your grand go up in smoke.”
Panama sat back down in the chair, took off his hat and put it on the table.  “I’ll have a Tom Collins,” he said to the waiter.
As the waiter took orders from the others, the Turf Club manager approached the table, and stood tersely beside Panama.
“I’m afraid I shall have to ask you to leave, sir.  As I mentioned previously, your attire is inappropriate.”
Nino stared at the manager with cold dark eyes.  Sharkey stood up and rolled his shoulders, no longer looking at Panama, his eyes fastened instead on the manager. He looked tough enough to toss back a double shot of boiling lye.
“This here’s my guest.” Nino hissed, looking the manager in both eyes. “You going to throw my guest out?”
“Mister Morelli there are certain rules … ”
“Listen,” Nino interrupted, leaning forward in his chair.  “Don’t give me the run-around.  If I say this guy stays for the next race, he stays for the next race. Capiche?” Rapping his knuckles on the tablecloth hard enough to make his point.
In time to Nino’s rap, Sharkey glared at the manager, cracked his knuckles, and rolled back on the heels of his freshly shined shoes.
“Very well, Mister Morelli. But, I really must insist that your friend leave at the end of the race.”  With a quick glance around the table, he turned and walked briskly away.
 “Toodle-oo,” Nino chortled with a fluttered wave of his hand.
Everyone laughed as Sharkey sat down, his eyes back on Panama. Anne Van Paten, whose wide eyes had never left Panama, said, “Do you really support yourself at the track?  I mean, do you have any other job at all?” 
“No, I don’t have no other job,” Panama replied.  “I just follow the racing circuit.  In the winter I spend my time here in Miami.  In the spring I go up north and work the eastern tracks -  Pimlico,  Belmont.  In August I go to Saratoga.  Then I hit Santa Anita on the West Coast and then back here to Florida.”
     Looking skeptical, Henry Wolsheim asked, “Do you have some sort of system?  I mean, can you teach someone how you pick winners?”
“I don’t always pick winners.  The best way not to lose is not to bet.”
“Do you really think number five is going to win?” Anne Van Patten asked.
“Lady, would I put a grand on the nose if I didn’t think the horse was going to win?”
Miss Van Patten sat back, and crossed her legs demurely under the table. As she did so, the silk of her gartered stockings rustled audibly under her dress making a very pleasant sound as one knee slid smoothly just over the other. The sound of Miss Van Patten’s silkened legs sliding past one another tickled the ears of each man at the table, including Sharkey’s, who took his eyes off Panama, and fastened them on Miss Van Patten’s pert breasts, the nipples of which at that moment could be clearly seen standing at attention beneath the delicate fabric of her dress and slip. Feeling the heat of Starkey’s blatant stare, she crossed her arms casually putting her bejeweled fingers to her painted lips.
As she stared back at Panama, he was thinking to himself, “Jesus, these rich fillies are all the same. The mere mention of money and in two shakes they’re hot to trot.”  The waiter arrived with the drinks.  Panama took out a cigarette.
“Anybody got a light?”
Nino, who had been listening to the conversation with amusement, handed Panama his gold lighter.  Panama lit his cigarette and looked more closely at the lighter.  It was a Dunhill and felt like 24-carat gold.  It had small diamonds set in the shape of a horseshoe on each side.
“Nice lighter,” he said as he shoved it back across the tablecloth to Nino. “Only the horseshoe is pointing in the wrong way.”
Nino frowned,  “Whadda ya mean?”
“The horseshoe points down, it spills out all the good luck.”
“Very funny,” Nino said, frowning at the lighter in his hand.
The announcer came to life over the loudspeaker. “The horses have reached the starting gate.  You have two minutes to place your bets.”
Miss Van Patten, ignoring her drink, still stared at Panama and asked, “Should I put a wager on number five?”
“Lady, I don’t tout horses.  You’re free, white, and twenty-one.  You want to make a bet on number five, that’s your business.”
Anne Van Patten turned smartly to her fiancée.  “Shall I make a wager? What do you think, darling?”
“Perhaps,” was Henry’s non-committal reply.  He played with the swizzle stick in his drink, and stared at the tablecloth so as not to make eye contact with his fiancée, the gangster and his sideman, or Panama.
“Give me fifty dollars,” she said as she stood up.
“Fifty dollars?  Why not five?” asked Henry, suddenly looking up at his fiancé’ in shock and surprise.
“Fifty dollars,” she insisted, holding out her hand.
He frowned as he took his wallet from his breast pocket and fished out a fifty.  Before he could put it forward, she grabbed the bill out of his hand and ran for the window. Panama turned in his seat to watch her go. As Miss Van Patten disappeared into the crowded bar he looked up at the board.  The odds were still twenty to one.
“What do you think of Sam Foster’s horse?” Nino said.
“Cakewalk?” Panama asked, facing the table again.
“Yeah, that one.”
“Got a lot of potential.  Did pretty well as a two year old.  He’s in the McLennan Handicap today.”
“Enough potential to win the Derby?”
“Maybe, but a lot can happen between now and the first Saturday in May.”
“Who do you think looks good enough to get in the Derby besides Cakewalk?”
 “Staretor, maybe.”
“Yeah, who else?”
“Whirlaway”
“Horse goes wide on the turns.”
“Yeah, he does that.”
 A few minutes later the blue-eyed blond returned and sat down, placing the fifty-dollar win ticket carefully on the table in front of her.
“We’re real excited about your party tonight,” She said to Nino with the flick of a wink. “I’m so looking forward to meeting Sally Rand.”
“It’ll be a mob house,” Nino said, looking pleased.  He turned to Panama.  “I’m throwing a party in my suite at the Saint Moritz to celebrate Sally Rand’s opening at the Latin Quarter.  You wanna come?”
“Sure,” Panama shrugged, knowing he would never show up.
 Sal Binaggio approached the table. He leaned over Nino’s shoulder, and whispered just low enough that Panama couldn’t make out clearly what was being said.  Sal had a pencil-thin mustache, and wore a tightly fitted pin stripe suit.  Panama thought he heard Balesteros’s name mentioned, and assumed Sal was telling Nino that Buddy had been picked up.  Nino listened to Sal with half closed eyes, nodded, and turned to look at the track through his glasses. Panama looked again at the tote.  The odds had dropped to ten to one.
Panama spread out his Racing Form and read the headline:  “Alex Balfe is Cracking Down.”  He scanned the article until he came to a quote by Mr. Balfe. “As long as the tracks are operating it is our business to see that legitimate state revenue is not diverted to gamblers.”
“Looks like the governor’s putting a lot of pressure on the bookies,” Panama said.
Nino frowned.
“It’s just window dressing.  The bookmakers will have Balfe running in circles.  He has about as much chance of wiping out the bookmakers as I do of being President of the United States. It’s a joke,” he said with a dismissive wave of his hand. His diamond stud cufflinks glittered as he took a sip of his drink.
“You might be right,” Panama nodded in agreement. “But, it sure looks like he’s making a run at it.  I read in this morning’s paper where the police have already hit a gambling parlor.”
Before Nino could answer, they heard the loudspeaker bark, “And they’re off!” Everybody’s attention turned toward the far side of the track.
“As the horses head into the back stretch, Copy Catcher takes the lead.  A half-length behind on the outside is Extra Sugar.  Winning Ways, Blackbird, and Circus Time are bunched on the rail.  Two lengths back is Bold Charge on the inside, and four lengths behind Bold Charge, Jumping Jack and Alex The Great are saving ground.  And, it’s Copy Catcher opening a three-length lead with Extra Sugar second, and Blackbird, and Circus Time running third.  Two lengths back Bold Charge is fourth with Alex The Great closing the gap on the outside.
As they go into the turn, it’s still Copy Catcher by three lengths, Extra Sugar second, and now Circus Time has faded to fourth.  Bold Charge is holding the rail, and it’s Alex The Great breaking to the outside.  As they come into the stretch, it’s Copy Catcher by three lengths, and here comes Bold Charge on the inside gaining on Copy Catcher.
And, it’s Copy Catcher and Bold Charge driving down the stretch, neck and neck, with Extra Sugar a distant third.  Copy Catcher is hanging on, but Extra Sugar is gaining.  Bold Charge is closing the gap in a driving finish.  It’s Bold Charge by a length, Extra Sugar second by a head, and Copy Catcher third, with Alex The Great a distant fourth.”
As the horses thundered past the finish line, Nino took the field glasses from his eyes, and glowered at the board as he watched the numbers flash up to announce the first four horses.
Miss Van Paten came straight up out of her seat, and jumped up and down screaming, “I won! I won!”
With a look of amazement on his face, her fiancée stared open-mouthed at Panama.
“Please hold all tickets.  The results of this race are not official,” the announcer said. The results were official enough for Nino.
Ω
Concannon hurried down the shed rows toward the crowd that had quickly assembled there. He lumbered through the crowd like a prizefighter on his way to the ring looking none too pleased at having to fight his way past the rubber-neckers standing in his way.
The unwelcome interruption, and the brisk walk from the stands had turned Concannon’s face from a ruddy pink to a bright raging crimson. His pale watery blue eyes were rimmed red with a cold fury. When he was riled, which wasn’t often, the unusual wetness of his eyes gave the mis-impression of a big man about to throw a temper tantrum, perhaps even burst out in tears. Detective Concannon never came close to tears.
The last time he had really cried, he was four years old.  His policeman father, returning home at the end of a long day walking a beat, found a crowd of neighbors gathered at the front steps of his apartment building.  Squinting with his hands on his hips, and looking up in the same direction as everyone around him, he saw his son hanging from the window ledge of their seventh floor walk-up.  He bolted up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and burst through the front door.  Reaching the opened window in two steps, he took the boy firmly by both wrists, and pulled him back in to safety. Once he was sure his son was unharmed he gave him the licking of his life, one Concannon never forgot as long as he lived.
Some fifty years later, his thinning blond hair barely covered the top of his head, he walked swiftly past the stalls, his jowls shaking with barely suppressed anger as he cursed silently under his soft blonde mustaches.
 “Sweet Mary, Mother of Jesus! Why is there never a cop around when you need one? Step aside! Let me through!” Concannon boomed as he neared the stall door, wondering why no officer was taking control of the milling crowd.
The collection of grooms, hot walkers, exercise boys, trainers, and curious passers-by instantly made a path.  A policeman, arms folded, who had been idly standing just inside the stall door almost jumped out of the way when he saw Concannon step through the door.
“What are you doing in here? Mucking Stalls?” thundered Concannon,  “Get these people back out of the way. Don’t you know anything about securing a crime scene, for God’s sake?”
The cop stepped lively through the door yelling and pushing the crowd back, thankful to have a good excuse to get out of the stall with Detective Sergeant Concannon.
 It was ten degrees cooler inside the stall.  The smell of manure permeated the air.  Concannon caught his breath, and pulling a handkerchief from his pocket wiped the sweat from his brow.  Looking around, he spotted the body of a man lying in the corner on his back.  The Dade County Coroner, who had been summoned from the Racing Commissioner’s box, was kneeling beside the body. His hand was placed on the forehead of the deceased trying to feel for body temperature. 
The cop poked his head in the door gingerly and said, “When he didn’t show up to saddle a horse for the fourth race, they went looking for him and found him in here.” Concannon nodded, not taking his eyes off the body.
“Who’s the stiff?” Concannon asked, looking down at the Coroner and the body.
“Harbeck.  Jed Harbeck.  He’s Sam Foster’s trainer.”
“Where’s Foster?”
“He’s outside,” the cop offered. “You want me to get him?” 
Concannon turned to face the policeman, giving him an impatient look.
“I’ll ask for him in a minute. Meantime, you keep your trap shut, and keep
those people away from the door, and out of my hair.” The cop ducked quickly out of the doorway, backing the crowd up as he put a little space between himself, and the detective sergeant.
Concannon knelt down to get a better look at the wound.  Harbeck’s throat had been cut, and there was a large accumulation of blood on the straw.
“How long you think he’s been dead, doc?”
“No more than a couple of hours,” the coroner said, withdrawing his hand from the forehead.  “Rigor mortis is beginning to set in.”
“I assume death was caused by excessive loss of blood,” Concannon added.
The coroner shot the detective a sidelong glance, not bothering to respond to his wisecrack.
The policeman, gripping Sam Foster by the arm, led him into the stall and stood beside the kneeling coroner and the detective sergeant.  Foster had on a wrinkled blue suit, and a brown felt hat.  White haired, with bright blue eyes, Sam’s rosy cheeks, and a drinker’s nose, gave no doubt as to where the sudden odor of booze was coming from.
Concannon stood up.  “You Foster?”
“Yeah.”  With trembling hands Sam took off his beat-up fedora and stared down at Harbeck’s body lying on the straw.  
“Was Harbeck your trainer?”
Sam could not take his eyes from Harbeck’s body.  “Yeah, he was.”
“Somebody angry at him?”
“Jed was a good guy, and friends with everyone.”
“Was he carrying a lot of money?” 
Sam looked up at Concannon.  “Jed?  He never had more than five dollars in his pocket.”  Sam put his hat on, and slumped away from the sight of his trainer’s body.  
“Why do you think he was killed?”
Sam shook his head.  “It’s a mystery to me why anybody would want to kill Jed.”
Ω
After exiting the stall, Sam Foster walked aimlessly around until he found himself at the entrance to the Turf Club. He shuffled into the crowded room, and headed slowly for the bar.
“Double bourbon,” he said to the bartender reaching out both hands to steady himself as he bellied up to the bar. He stood motionless for a few moments his fingertips turning white as he gripped the bar.
Looking nervously around, an anxious fear swept across Sam’s face when he saw Nino Morelli over the heads of the Turf Club patrons.  Nino spotted Foster at the same time, and getting up from his table, threaded his way through the gaily chatting crowd over to Foster, who still held his death grip on the bar. Sam was thinking of the conversation he’d had that morning with Harbeck, in which he tried desperately to convince him that if he doped Invincible Nino would tear up his markers.
He didn’t notice Nino standing next to him until he leaned on the bar, his hard olive face a few inches from Sam’s pale flaccid jowls.
 “So, did they find the body?” Nino sneered.
Sam nodded, startled from his recollection of the morning’s conversation with his dead trainer.
“Have you talked to the cops?”
“Yeah, but I didn’t tell ‘em anything.” Sam looked at Nino for the first time. Nino leaned a little closer until their noses were nearly touching.
“It didn’t work out, Sam.  We made a deal. I risked a lot of money setting this up.”
“It wasn’t my fault.  Harbeck was to blame.”
“I ain’t blaming you, but I took a pretty big hit.”
The bartender set the double bourbon on the bar in front of Sam.  He turned away from Nino, and threw back the whiskey.  Nino grabbed a handful of peanuts from a dish on the bar and began popping them, one at a time, into his mouth.
“So how you going to come up with the money, Sam?”
Foster blinked his eyes quickly, stuttering as he rushed to explain in a low voice.  “I’m running C-C-Cakewalk in the M-M-McLennan today.”
Nino paused, his hand halfway to his mouth.
“Speak up.  I can’t hear you.” Sam cleared his throat, and took a deep breath.  
“I said, I’m running Cakewalk in the McLennan today.  If he wins I’ll make over nine thousand from the purse.  He’s a sure thing.”
“Listen, old man, you know there ain’t no such thing as a sure thing at the track.” Sam broke out in a cold sweat.  He pulled a soiled handkerchief from his pocket to wipe his forehead.
“I’ll sell some horses.” Nino threw the last of the peanuts into his mouth.
“You ain’t got no horses left except Cakewalk.  You want to give me that horse, we’ll call it square.”
“Cakewalk’s worth a lot more than my markers.  I still got some good broodmares.”
“Broodmares don’t bring shit.  I’m telling you, Sam,” Nino said, popping another peanut into his mouth, “you need to come up with something better than promises from purse money.”
Ω
When Nino got back to his table, Panama, the blue-eyed blond, and her fiancée had left.  Sharkey was sitting alone, his hands resting comfortably in his lap.  He had pulled his hat down over his eyes, looking like he was asleep.
Nino was disappointed that the couple he had been courting as an entree to the polite society of Miami had left without so much as a good-bye.  As he lit a Parliament, the sight of the lighter brought to mind Panama’s comment: “The horseshoe points down, it spills all the luck out.”
“Not funny,” Nino thought. He tossed the lighter down roughly on the table.
Nino told himself he should have known any pick by Panama Boudreaux, no matter what the odds, deserved respect, but he had allowed his boundless ego to sucker him into a bet he knew was a loser.  His ‘tough-guy’ image would have been tarnished if he had passed the bet.  He would have looked like a patsy.  Thinking the scene at the table through, he began to see that Panama had trapped him.  Nino toyed with the idea of welching on the bet as he took a drag on the cigarette.
“Ladies and gentlemen.” the loudspeaker said, “Damaged Goods has been scratched.  Repeating.  Damaged Goods has been scratched.”
Looking at the card, Nino saw Damaged Goods was the only mare in the race.  He watched through his glasses as the horses walked slowly past the grandstand toward the starting gate for the second heat. Because there were so many entries in the McLennan Handicap that year, they had to break the field into two divisions, each with twelve entries.  In the first division, Woodvale Farm’s Haltal, ridden by Bert Trevellian -- his third win of the day -- finished first by two lengths in front of Tower Stable’s Royal Man, paying $12.80.  Get Off, the favorite, finished seventh.  Haltal covered the mile and a furlong in one minute, forty-nine seconds flat -- four fifths of a second off the track record.
The odds on Robert Wheatley’s Ship Biscuit made him the clear favorite.  Big Pebble, with George Seabo up, was acting fractious at the gate.  Nino watched them load Cakewalk in the ten hole, not a good post position in such a big field.
When the bell rang, the horses jumped out of the starting gate.  There was a struggle for the lead, but Big Pebble came out of the first turn headed into the backstretch with a half-length lead.  Ringle drew even in the middle of the backstretch as they went into the far turn.  Driving down the lane, Big Pebble won by a nose.  Joe Schenck finished third.  The favorite, Ship Biscuit, finished dead last.  Big Pebble paid an amazing $46.90.  Cakewalk’s jockey, Jimmy Byrnes, let himself get boxed in and finished fifth. So much for Derby potential.
Ω
Concannon, perched on a bale of straw, watched as a policeman led Harbeck’s black groom by the arm across the shed row.  Even from his low perch, Concannon was at eye level with the groom and watched the little black man fumble with a lead shank draped around his neck.  His blue cotton work shirt had a tear at the front pocket, exposing the dark skin of his chest.  His jeans had been cut off leaving frayed edges, and the crotch reached nearly midway on his thighs.
Concannon had questioned several jockeys, hot walkers, exercise boys, and grooms, and was able to construct a profile of Jed Harbeck.  He had been married twice, and divorced once.  His second wife had run off with a jockey.  He was not a very good trainer, but managed to eke out a living training mediocre horses.  He split his time between Hialeah in the winter and Belmont in the summer.  Harbeck had many friends among the low-life at the track and was often seen in their company.
“What’s your name?” Concannon asked.
“Mose” the little man answered, studying his shoes.
“Your last name?”
“Washington.”
“You know anything about how Harbeck got killed?”
“I don’t know nuthin’, Captain.  I don’t know who done it.” Mose would not look into Concannon’s eyes.  As he spoke he kept on fidgeting with the lead shank.
“How long you worked for Harbeck?” Concannon asked.
“Six months.  I been muckin’ stalls, an’ puttin’ feed in de buckets, an’ brushing out de horses, an’ -- ”
“Did Harbeck seem a little nervous today?  Like he was involved in something?”
Thinking for a moment, Mose continued to avoid Concannon’s eyes.  “No, he jus’ seem like his normal se’f.  Uh-huh, yeah, he did.”
“And what were you doing when Harbeck was killed?”
“Captain, I was muckin’ out a stall.”
“And did you see anything, or anybody go into the stall?”
Mose quit fidgeting with the lead shank, and put his hands down deep into his pockets.
“Just answer the question.  Did you see anything?”
“Well, across de shed row I seen three men goin’ into de stall and close de do’, but den I had to go empty out de wheelbarrow.”
“Describe the three men.”
“One big an’ strong, look like a boxer.  De other one he dressed all in fancy clothes, and the third he in a black suit, an’ had a hat on.”
“What was the big man wearing?”
“Seem like he wearing a light blue suit, but I cain’t say as I remember correctly.”
“Was he wearing a hat?”
“Yep, Captain, he was.”
“What about the guy in the black suit?”
“Dat’s all’s I remember.”
“What about the fancy clothes?”
“I don’t recollect, but was a white suit.”
“Was he wearing a hat like the man in the black suit?”
Shaking his head, Mose said, “I don’t recollect he was wearing no hat.”
“Was he fair, or dark?”
Mose nodded his head trying to remember.  “Captain, dat one, he dark complected.”
“Okay.  Mose, is it?”
“Yes, sir. Mose it is, yessir.” The groom’s troubled face brightened a little sensing his interview with the big detective might be over. White people made him nervous. He’d learned from years of experience that contact with unknown white people often led to big problems. Mose didn’t want any trouble of any kind, especially with the police.
“Okay, Mose, I want you to come down to the station and look through some mug books.”
Mose moved back a few steps, and exclaimed, “I cain’t be goin’ down to no station house today.  No sir, Captain. I got’s work I’s got to git done.”
Turning to the policeman standing nearby, Concannon barked, “Officer, arrest this man.”


Chapter 2


“ ’Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.  I am the resurrection, and the light,’ so sayeth the Lord.”
Four people stood graveside under dripping pine branches on a cold raw morning listening to Reverend Peace of The Southern Tabernacle Baptist Church speak these doleful words over the remains of Jimmy Hobbs. They stood in a gloomy corner of a rural cemetery in South Georgia.  On one side of the grave the dead man’s sixteen-year-old son, Tad, looked down at the mud-splattered coffin of his father, his hands thrust deep in his front pockets. A look of dark despair and resignation shadowed his long, thin, pale face. A tattered jacket hid his slim frame, the bottoms of his mud-splattered jeans were worn ragged at the back of the cuffs from being too long for his legs. On the other side of the grave, Miss Brenda McLaws, the shawl-draped neighbor lady, stood ramrod straight.  Concentrating on the preacher’s words with her eyes closed, her mouth was set as if she were posing for a granite death mask, her face turned upwards towards Heaven and the falling rain. Her dark brown dress was soaked through to her skin and clung to her thin frame the way the hide drapes loosely over the bones of a half-starved mule. Her long bony fingers, encased in black silk gloves, held a bible tightly to her chest.
Hatless, and balding, the undertaker, Elias White, had placed himself at the foot of the grave affecting a posture at once reverent and officious with both hands crossed behind his back in, he hoped, a manner of humility, as befits one who serves those in their time of grief.
Off to the side of this soaked solitary foursome, several feet back from the edge of the oblong grave, which he had cut in the deep red dirt very early that morning, stood Walter Bain. The solitary gravedigger leaned on his shovel looking bored, thoroughly disinterested in the proceedings and the falling rain.
It had started raining three days before the morning Jimmy Hobbs fell off the utility pole. When Tad saw the Southern Company pickup pull into the yard, he knew from the looks on the faces of the linemen as they walked up the front porch steps in their heavy work boots something bad had happened. His father’s death had come as a sudden and terrible shock, yet it was no wonder his father fell off the pole, he was drunk most of the time.
The steady downpour continued all that night and into the next day bringing creeks and rivers over their banks, keeping farmers away from their spring plowing, and making it impossible for Walter to dig the grave. Starting well after midnight with a lantern to light the scene, Walter worked under threatening gray skies while the rain abated long enough to let him finish the grave before Jimmy’s remains ripened in the casket another day.
Only a few moments before the hearse had arrived, Walter had paused to wipe the sweat and morning dew from the back of his neck. Now, a fine mist was falling, prelude to a harder rain to follow.
Tad’s mother died shortly after his birth. He often wondered if his father drank to make his grief more bearable. When Tad asked him where she was born, or if she had any living relatives, or how had they met, Jimmy would give short, colorless replies often accompanied by the back of his hand across Tad’s face.
Tad had no idea what his mother was like, or why she had married his father, or why they moved to Georgia, or anything else about her. All Tad knew of her was what he saw in a single old photograph of her, faded and yellowed with age, a pretty young woman with sad kind eyes and a brave smile.
Tad looked nothing like his father. When he looked in the mirror he saw he had his mother’s eyes, but her eyes were the only feature she had given him. Where she was dark, he was fair. Her hair was brown and curly, his was reddish light and straight. She had a heart-shaped face, his was long.
“And so we commend James Hobbs to his maker, and may God have mercy on his soul.”
The Reverend Peace closed his bible and tucked it under his arm. As Elias White followed along, Miss McLaws pulled her shawl closer around her and headed for the roadside. Tad stared down at the simple pine coffin resting in the mud at the bottom of the grave, a tight spot lodged in a similar place in his heart. With effort, he kept back the tears.
When Miss McLaws reached the horse drawn hearse she stopped and turned around to look at Tad’s solitary figure by the grave.  “Thaddeus,” she called through the rain, “we’re waiting here.”
At the sound of her voice, Tad turned away from the grave and moved toward the people standing by the funeral wagon.
Walter brought his spade up and sunk it with a dull thud into the heavy, wet Georgia clay and began shoveling it into the grave. After making sure all their backs were turned, he paused to sneak a drink from his bottle.
Elias took a long black slicker from inside the hearse. The fine mist had changed to a light rain and he sought the protection of the slicker for the ride back to town atop the box.
“You folks are welcome to ride in the hearse. It’ll keep you out of the rain, which I’m sure is coming strong.”
On the way out, the party had walked the two miles to the graveyard behind the hearse, picking their way through the muddy ruts in the road. Riding in a place that had recently been occupied by the dead body of Jimmy Hobbs gave the group a moment’s pause. But, notwithstanding, the wagon’s dry interior offered a welcome, if grim, alternative to the rain and the muddy roads. Reverend Peace helped Miss McLaws up into the hearse and followed behind, leaving Tad to fend for himself.
When Tad climbed into the cramped interior of the hearse, he saw Reverend Peace and Miss McLaws seated facing one another.  Perched on a narrow bench that ran along each side of the wagon, they were forced to sit at an angle lest their knees touch. They had to stoop over to avoid hitting their heads on the low roof.
As the wagon lurched forward, Tad closed the door of the hearse and sat down next to Miss McLaws. He could barely make out the shadowed faces of the other two passengers in the dim light coming from a small, oval window in the door. The pale, gray light of the hearse’s interior reflected the mood of the passengers, and the day.
For a long time no one spoke. The three bodies inside the hearse warmed the interior and began to fog up the windows.  Reverend Peace pulled at his collar. He undid his outer garment and then unbuttoned his suit coat, releasing the acrid smell of a body that had gone too long between washings.
“Well, son,” Reverend Peace said wiping the perspiration from his brow with a handkerchief, “it ain’t easy losing your Pa.  What are you going to do now?”
Before Tad could answer, Miss McLaws spoke, “He’s going down to Miami to live with his Grandmother.”
“Would that be Jimmy’s mother?” Reverend Peace asked with narrowed eyes. 
“Yes.” Reverend Peace frowned.
“Quite a scandal, that."
“Indeed it was,” Miss McLaws said with a smug look and a set of her jaw.
They rode the rest of the way back to town in silence. When they reached Reverend Peace’s house, he said, “Now Tad, you keep your faith with the Lord, and the Lord will protect you and keep you safe.”
He waited for Tad to respond, and when he saw the boy intended to maintain his silence he grunted and stepped down off the hearse into the pouring rain.
“Good day, Miss McLaws,” he said, tipping his hat.
“Good day to you, Reverend.”
The preacher closed the door and the wagon lurched forward again.  Tad sat silently looking at the rain dripping down the back window of the hearse, thinking he could do well without the further services of such a God.
Ω
A light breeze off the Atlantic caressed Lucky’s cheek, blowing a few strands of hair across her eyes as she sat next to Panama in his Lincoln convertible. They drove north on Collins, passing the Whitelaw with its white and salmon facade and then the pastel colored Fairmont.
Panama had made the mistake of telling Lucky they were invited to Nino Morelli’s party, and even though Panama had planned to opt out -- fearing some confrontation with Nino -- Lucky had insisted on going. They had not exchanged a single word since they left The Finish Line.  Driving always put Panama in a thoughtful mood. The Lincoln moved with a stately power that often gave Panama a certain perspective on the world around him. When he wanted to sort things out he often took the Lincoln for a spin through South Beach, driving alone, letting the car decide where it was going.
 A few months’ back, February second to be exact, past due rent and an angry landlord forced Lucky into the streets.  She wandered around most of the day, and in the late afternoon she happened to walk into The Finish Line. After her eyes adjusted to the dim interior from the bright sunlight outside, she spotted Panama sitting at the bar. She slid up on to the barstool next to him, hoping to proposition him.  He offered to buy her a drink.
“Well,” Panama said, “you think Punxsutawney Phil has seen his shadow?”
Lucky looked at Panama, a blank expression on her face.
“If Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow, there’s six more weeks of winter.”
“Who’s Punxsutawney Phil?”
“He’s a ground hog.  This is Ground Hog Day.  Ain’t you never heard of Ground Hog Day?”
“Can’t say as I have,” Lucky answered, thinking that things were not going quite as she planned.
After few more drinks, beguiled by those pale brown eyes, Lucky had surprised herself, revealing most of the intimate details of her past life and the current state of her finances.
 As Willie announced last call, Lucky drained her glass and speaking to the bottles lined up on the wall behind the bar said, “Thanks for the drinks.”
“Forget it,” Panama returned, admiring for a brief moment the beauty of her face in profile.
Lucky looked down at the empty glass in her hand and made no move to leave.
“You’re welcome to stay with me tonight,” Panama offered gently. “Don’t get the wrong idea, I ain’t trying to get in your pants.  I got a room upstairs, and I’ll give you a blanket, and a pillow, but it’s only for the one night.”
In his room, after Panama handed Lucky the blanket and the pillow, she climbed into his bed, and he did get into her pants.
Panama pulled the car over to the curb in front of the St. Moritz.  Lucky hesitated before getting out of the car.
“Sure you won’t change your mind?” Lucky said.
“You already know the answer to that question,” Panama replied, looking through the windshield of the Lincoln.
She hesitated a moment, trying to think of something to say.  As she opened the door to step out of the car, Panama knew it was now, or never.
“Lucky, I got something to say. I ain’t your father, or your husband. But, I gotta tell you something. There’s no promises between us, so you don’t have to pay no attention to anything I say. I’ve seen lots of women in my days hanging around racetracks. Hanging around guys with money. They let the money sucker them into wanting a life, that in spite of their beauty and youth, they never really get.  I hate to see you stepping into the world of a man like Nino Morelli, thinking that’s were you belong, where you want to be. That’s a bad place to end up, if you ask me.
There’s more in you than that. You got real beauty, Lucky, some kind of way of carrying yourself that I’ve never seen, and I mean that from the bottom of my heart. I think you’re likely the most beautiful woman I’ve ever known. At my age, in my circumstances, I know I can’t expect to hold on to woman like you, but I hope you listen to me, just the same.
Morelli will lavish all kinds of luxuries on you, but you know what? Won’t none of them ever really be yours. He’ll use you until he’s tired of you, then he’ll toss you out with the empty bottles, and dirty dishes, and you’ll be right back where you was when you wandered into the Finish Line and sat down next to me at the bar.
You don’t have to take my advice. But, for my money, it’s a bad bet you’re thinking about laying down. The odds are stacked against you with a guy like Morelli, Lucky. I can’t tell you what to do, but I would be real sad to see something happen to you. “
Panama looked at the side of her face, as Lucky stared straight ahead. She didn’t see the love hiding just behind his eyes as he looked at the way her dark chestnut hair fell against the faint rose of her cheek and at the elegant line of her nose in profile. Lucky was lost somewhere Panama couldn’t see the bottom of. She had heard him, heard every word, and the ring of some kind of truth she always supposed was in the world somewhere. She just never anticipated ever finding it. That possibility was forgotten somewhere along the way.
Saying nothing, she stepped out of the car. When she closed the door Panama drove off, leaving her standing alone on the curb feeling guilty. She watched him as he pulled the Lincoln out into traffic and drove out of sight. She then turned and looked up at the hotel.
A classic example of the Art Deco style, the St. Moritz presented an asymmetric treatment of the facade incorporating white spatial divisions against a background of sea foam green, vertical to the left and horizontal to the right.  A flagstaff crowned the finial, flying the hotel’s emblem.  The tall elegance of the building was set off against the deep blue of the Atlantic.  Metal overlays in the glass panels of the double doors pictured fan-shaped plants flanked by the ever-present flamingos.  The lobby of sea foam green, and powder blue, reflected light from pulsing pink neon, which gave rise to the expression “in the pink.”  Dazzling murals of Florida flora surrounded the entrance, studded with recessed light fixtures.  Elaborate brass tables and lamps were placed near overstuffed furniture covered with yellow and green floral prints.
Heads turned to watch Lucky as she crossed the lobby.  She had styled her dark hair in a pageboy and had traded her old clothes for a flowing white dress with a deep vee neck that revealed more of her breasts than it concealed. As she walked through the lobby, her heels made a soft, distinctive sound on the tiled floor. She exuded a look of confident poise as she followed a group of people dressed in evening clothes into a crowded elevator.
Pressed like sardines in a can, Lucky turned to face the elevator doors and stood in the center with a look of anticipation, and satisfaction, on her face as the elevator doors smoothly closed. The people surrounding Lucky made quiet, excited small talk. Two men standing next to her stole furtive glances down her dress at her barely concealed cleavage, much to the annoyance of their wives.
Nino Morelli occupied the penthouse on the top floor of the St. Moritz, a long room with glass doors facing the Atlantic.  When the elevator door opened, Lucky let herself be propelled into a vast human maw.  She had difficulty working her way through the dense multitude, pushing people aside, squirming through narrow spaces.
People in evening dress stood elbow to elbow, cheek by jowl, juggling small plates of shrimp, canapés, and stone crab, doing their best not to spill champagne on each other.  Miss Rand held court across the room to a wide circle of admirers.  Voices drowned out the blaring sound of a ten-piece jazz band playing out on the balcony.
Lucky got a glass of champagne, picked a few shrimp from the foot high pile, and then inched her way through the crowd to stand at the periphery of Sally Rand’s admirers.
“Having a good time?” A dark man standing next to Lucky said, looking down at her empty glass.
“You need some more champagne,” he said as he grabbed the sleeve of a passing waiter.
Staring at Lucky’s nearly bare breasts, the white-jacketed young man filled her glass beyond the brim, spilling champagne on the carpet.
A tall man in white tie and tails, refusing to take his eyes off Miss Rand, leaned over, looking like he was about to fall.
“You know what Sally said when she made a speech in Chicago?  ‘I haven’t been out of work since the day
took off my pants.’"
The man burst into laughter as he straightened up, nearly falling over backwards.  Lucky forced her way through the legion of people and stepped out on the balcony.  The band was taking a break.
The velvet tropical breeze caressed Lucky’s dark skin, a welcome change from the closeness of the crowded smoke-filled room.  She picked her way through the forest of music stands and stood at the railing, looking out over the dark ocean, listening to the whisper of the surf from the beach below.  She took a deep breath, inhaling the salty air.  A full moon hung low in the sky, the face in the pale yellow orb smiling down at her.
“What’s your name?”
Lucky turned around and saw the same man who had gotten her another glass of champagne.
“Lucky.”
“That’s a funny name for a dame.  Are you really lucky?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
He stood with his back to the light.  She sipped some champagne, looking over the rim of her glass at his features shrouded in darkness.
“Maybe sometime when I shoot craps you could blow on the dice.”
Lucky didn’t answer.
“Where can I get in touch with you the next time I want to shoot craps?”
Before she could think what to say, a blond in a brightly beaded dress burst onto the balcony, knocking over one of the music stands, spilling the sheet music across the tile floor.
“Darling, you must come and tell us all about that fabulous character we met today at Hialeah.  What was his name?”
“Boudreaux.  Panama Boudreaux.”
Ω
The afternoon had been hot and sweltering, and inside police headquarters desk cops, patrol officers, and those with business involving the police department were wading through the over-heated atmosphere of the building trying to endure the stuffy stale air. Concannon stood in front of Lieutenant Dobresson’s desk in the close humid cube of his small office. Around the edges of the drawn shades the low Miami sun blazed away furiously, as if it was trying to break into the room through the windows.
“Lieutenant,” Concannon said, “if we turn this witness loose, he’ll be dead in twenty-four hours.  I know how the mob works.”
“There ain’t no mob in Miami,” Dobresson shot back, his mouth full of ham sandwich.
“Lieutenant,” Concannon countered, “We been here before.  Why don’t we just lock him up?”
A fan spun slowly overhead, making a low hum, but not doing much to cool the stultified air of Dobresson’s office.  He continued taking massive bites out of the ham sandwich and in between washing them down with swigs from a bottle of RC Cola.  A side dish of potato salad sat at his elbow untouched.
Dobresson had lost most of his red hair and wore a pair of gold-framed glasses that were too small for his eyes.  His collars were too small for his bulging neck. Over the years he had put on weight, but was too stingy to buy new shirts. His ties often were decorated with what he happened eat on any given day.  His head looked like it was about to burst out of his shirt collar. A giant of a man, he towered over everyone like a rocket set to go off, even Concannon.
Watching Dobresson eat the sandwich made Concannon’s stomach growl.
Dobresson looked as if he had heard enough of Concannon’s concerns.  He took another long swig from the bottle of cola, set the sandwich aside, and picked up the dish of potato salad.  He balanced the plate on his belly holding it with two huge hands and leaned back in his chair.
“This man was an eye-witness to a murder,” Concannon said.
“So, just what did the ole boy see?” asked Dobresson, as he raised a forkful of potato salad to his mouth and belched.
“Tomorrow he’s going to look through the mug books to see if he recognizes any of the three men.”
“You expect a nigra to tell you the truth?” the Lieutenant asked between chews. “He ain’t goin’ pick out any of those men and if he did, they would have him for lunch.”
“Lieutenant, if what you say is true, then all the more reason to lock him up for his own protection.”
Dobresson dropped the dish of potato salad back on the desk and leaned back in his chair clasping his hands behind his head. Concannon noticed small beads of sweat collecting on the lieutenant’s forehead.
“We can’t lock him up.  It would be a violation of his constitutional rights,” Dobresson concluded with a frown, as he mindlessly watched the blades of the fan turning lazily above Concannon’s head.
“Better to violate his rights than to put him on the street where he won’t last a day,” Concannon shot back.
Ignoring Concannon’s comment, Dobresson leaned forward in his chair, picked up his sandwich and thought for a minute.
“So, Sergeant, what are you goin’ to do with the ole boy?” Not waiting for an answer, he took a big bite out of the ham sandwich.
Ω
Lucky wandered around Morrelli’s suite, eating stone crab and drinking champagne until a drunken New York stock broker three times her age cornered her in an alcove and looked down her dress.  She knew she could easily get money from the old fart without letting him get into her pants. When most of the guests had departed she figured the stockbroker had had enough champagne, and she took him by the hand, leading him into the powder room, turning out the light.  He put his arms around her.  With a well-practiced motion she lifted  his wallet from the pocket of his tuxedo jacket and turned around, leaning over the vanity as she searched through the contents.  While he lifted her skirt and fumbled with his pants, she moaned and stuffed bills down her dress.  When she had emptied the wallet, she pushed him away and turned around to insert the billfold into his pocket while he gave her a sloppy kiss.  She pulled herself out of his embrace and moved swiftly out into the hall, where she bumped into Nino Morelli bracketed by two blondes, moving in the direction of the bedroom.
Lucky made her way out of the suite, down the elevator, and out the door of the hotel where the doorman hailed a cab.
“The Finish Line,” she said, “at the corner of Second and Collins.”
Once she had settled herself in the back seat, she pulled the money from her dress, hoping she would see some portraits of Franklin and Grant. But, instead, she saw only Washington and Lincoln.  She counted eighteen ones and two fives.
“Goddamn phony bastard,” she said under her breath.
“What’s that lady?” the driver asked over his shoulder.
“Nothing,” she said as she stuffed the money back in her dress. “Just shut up and drive.”
Ω
As quietly as he could, Concannon unlocked the door to his apartment.  It swung open, revealing a single lamp.  He turned to Mose and whispered, “You keep quiet.  I’ll take you into the spare room and you can sleep on the couch.”
“OK, Captain.”
As the two men stepped through the front door they encountered Maisey in her nightgown with her hair in curlers standing in the kitchen door with a confused look on her face.
“Patrick?  Who have you got with you?”
Concannon stepped aside.  When Maisey saw it was a black man, she covered her mouth with her hand.
“Faith and be Jesus! What on earth - ?”
“Maisey, let me explain -- ”
“Patrick Michael Concannon, you are not bringing that man into my house.”
The words frightened Mose and he turned around to leave, but Concannon grabbed him by the arm.
“Take that man and go.  And that’s my last word,” Maisey said, raising her arm and pointing at the door.
“Listen, Maisey, he’ll only stay the one night.  He can sleep in the spare room on the couch,” Concannon pleaded.
Maisey shouted, “He’s not going to lie down on my couch in those filthy clothes!”
Mose made another effort to leave, but Concannon held him back.  He pulled Mose into the apartment and closed the door.
“Keep your voice down, you’ll wake up the neighbors.”
Maisey backed away and pointed at Mose.
“Get this man out of my house!”
“Listen, dear, he’s an eye-witness to a murder.  If I put him on the street, he’ll be dead in a heartbeat.  I couldn’t get the Miami Police to lock him up, so there was no other choice but to bring him here.”
“Patrick, I’m not going to harbor a fugitive from justice in my home.”
“He’s not a fugitive. For God’s sake, Maisey.  He’s a witness.  It’ll only be for one night.  Tomorrow I’ll find somewhere else to keep him.”
Maisey rolled her eyes.
“Well, if he’s going to sleep on my couch he’ll have to take off those filthy clothes and take a bath.”
Concannon took Mose’s arm and began to lead him to the bathroom.
“And, Patrick, you’ll put those filthy clothes in the garbage.”
Giving them both an angry look as she followed them down the hallway, she went into the bedroom, shut the door, and turned out the light.
Concannon showed Mose to the bathroom. While the tub filled, Mose handed out his clothes to Concannan waiting in the hall. He took the dirty clothes out to the trash. While Mose was taking a bath, Concannon tip-toed quietly into the bedroom.  He slid the dresser drawer silently open and stole one of Maisey’s nightgowns.  He rapped twice on the bathroom door, opened it a crack, and then pushed the nightgown through letting it fall on the floor. He quietly closed the door and went and laid out some blankets and a pillow on the couch and went to bed.
Concannon was sound asleep a half hour later when Mose emerged from the bath. Had he, or Maisey, been awake to witness it, they would have seen him standing in the backlight of the bathroom door wearing her pink nightgown. The high puffed sleeves were stretched around Mose’s dark muscled arms and stood out like two gossamer angel’s wings in the light of the bathroom door.  Bathed in the light, Mose resembled a small black cherub.
Ω
Green metal shades, each containing a single bare bulb, hung on cords of differing lengths suspended over the empty tables in The Finish Line.  Ceiling fans spun lazily failing to dispel the odors of stale beer, grease, and cigarette smoke from the humid air.  An oval bar stood in the center of the room rimmed by a set of evenly spaced poles modeling the distance markers of a racetrack.  Wooden booths ran along the sidewalls, and an odd collection of tables and chairs filled the space between the booths, and the oval bar.  A litter of dingy glasses, and overflowing ashtrays, sprawled across the dimly lit tables.  All the lights, save one, had been turned off. The light from the one remaining lamp fell in a dirty yellow pool on the table in the center of the room where Willie’s son, John, sat, his head and shoulders illuminated by the light.  Panama’s features were hidden under the brim of his trademark hat.
John had his head propped up with one hand, and in the other he held a glass of beer.  A black patch covered the empty socket of his right eye, claimed by a shell burst during the Second Battle of the Marne.  The same shell burst had blown away the bottom half of his left leg.  The wild look in his remaining eye, together with the single crutch, made inevitable the comparison with Wyeth’s illustration of Long John Silver.  Unable to support himself after recovering from his war injuries, John had suffered of his mother’s abuse living in a backroom at the Finish Line.  She had taken advantage of John, treating him like an indentured servant.  She didn’t think about anybody’s interests except her own.
A half empty bottle of Gordon’s gin stood between them on the table.  In his left hand, Panama held a tall glass with the remains of a Tom Collins.
Willie had passed out in one of the darkened booths, a dozen empty beer bottles on the table in front of her.  She had her back propped up against the wall and her legs stretched out along the seat, her hands lying limp and open in her lap, head tilted over, staring down, as if she were trying to see something that had slipped through her fingers.
“He’s just a good allowance horse is all,” Panama said.  “Long as Bobby North don’t get stars in his eyes he’ll probably make a fair amount of money.”
“Wished I’d been there,” John said, a sad expression on his face.  “How much you win?”
“A fair amount.”
Panama made it a practice never to tell the details of his wagers.
“I didn’t bet the window, I put my money with Nino.  Board was ten to one, but the best I could get from Nino was seven.  That’s okay.  If I’d put a bet that big at the window, I’d probably had to settle for even money.”
“You got a lot of witnesses?”
“Oh, yeah.  Nino made a big deal out of it, telling me it was a dumb bet.  But, when he saw how much I wanted to put up, he couldn’t back away.”
Panama pressed the burning end of his cigarette between its predecessors, holding it until it was out.
“Sam was here tonight around six o’clock looking for you,” John said.
“What did he want?”
“I don’t know, but he seemed real anxious to talk to you.  I told him you’d probably be out at the track tomorrow to watch the workouts.”
“Sam was an okay guy some years back when he had his feet on the ground.  His mother used to keep him in line, but after she died, for some reason, he left his wife and kids and took off gambling and chasing women.”  Panama cast a sidelong glance at John.  “Did you know Sam was the one gave me my first ride?”
“No, I didn’t know that.”
Panama pushed his chair away from the table and leaned back, stretching his legs out and hooking one arm over the back of the chair.
“He was a rank little pig-eyed Gray.  Anybody got close, first thing, the little bastard would try to bite you.  Mean little shit.  I was nearly straightened around when the bell went off and that little Gray jumped out, I was half out of the irons.  I was so pissed, I hit him about six times in as many steps.  Must have scared the shit out of him, because he jumped up and put two lengths between him and the rest of the field, and we won that race wire to wire.  Odds were forty to one.  Sam thought I was pretty hot shit after that.  He gave me a lot of horses to ride and that first year I made more money than I’d ever seen before in my whole life.  But, I never liked Grays after that.”
Panama leaned forward and took a sip of the pale green mixture.
“Hear about Sam Foster’s trainer, Jed Harbeck?”
John shook his head.
“Had his throat cut,” Panama said, as chills ran down his spine.
“Why would anyone want to cut Harbeck’s throat?”
“I ain’t got the faintest.  Some people say he was mixed up with the mob.”
“Seemed like a pretty regular guy.”
The door to the saloon opened, and Lucky walked in.  Hesitating for a moment at the threshold, she walked to the table.  Panama, whose back was to the door, didn’t turn around, knowing who it was.
For a few seconds, she stood in the darkness and then moved into the cone of yellow light but only far enough for the light to fall below her waist, leaving the upper half of her body, and her face, in shadow.  She began kneading the muscles in Panama’s neck and shoulders with her long fingers.  He closed his eyes and leaned back in the chair.
“You should’ve come to the party, Panama.  It was a knockout.  Half the high society of Miami was there.  Free food, lots of stone crab and champagne, all the champagne you could drink.  All you had to do was hold out your glass and somebody was there to fill it.”
Rocking his head from side to side, he said, “I don’t like drinking with Nino.  He’s one guinea I give a wide berth.”
“So?  There were plenty of people from the track there to drink with.”
“How come you’re so late?”
“Aw, honey, I was having so much fun I lost track of the time.”
“Sun’s been down a long time.  You lose your eyesight too?”
“Don’t be mean, Panama.” 
Panama leaned forward, removing his neck and shoulders from Lucky’s grasp, and drained his glass.
John put his crutch under him and pulled himself up.
“Looks like it’s time to lock up.”
Lucky looked down at Panama as John hobbled off to rouse Willie.
She sat down at the table and said, “You’re mad at me for going to Nino’s party, ain’t you.”
Panama stared down at his empty glass.
“You wanted to go, chance to meet some important people.  I ain’t mad at you.”
“Yes, you are too mad.”
Across the room, John succeeded in rousing Willie.
“All right, all right, I’m coming,” Willie barked.  “Just let me get my heart pumpalating and my legs under me.”  Panama drained the last few drops from his empty glass.
“It’s late.  I got to get up early tomorrow.” He rose without looking at Lucky and walked slowly up the stairs, clutching the handrail to steady himself.


Chapter 3


Concannon stood at the stove in his striped pajamas and dumped six scoops of coffee into the metal basket of the percolator.  Mose stood in the doorway, uncertain as to whether he should enter the kitchen.
“Good morning,” said Concannon.
“Morning, Captain.”
“Mose, you got to quit calling me Captain.  It’s Sergeant Concannon.”
“Yes, sir,” Mose said, coming the rest of the way into the kitchen.  “I sure going to stop that.  Uh-huh.”
Concannon put the lid on the percolator and lit the gas.
“This morning, we’ll go down to the station and see if you can pick out any of the men you saw in the mug books.”
Mose took a few steps back, bumping into the counter.
“No sir, Captain.  I ain’t going down to no station house, and I ain’t going to look through no mug books.  No, sir.”
Maisey walked into the kitchen wearing a bathrobe over her nightgown.  She stared at Mose with wide eyes.
“Patrick, how did this man get one of my nightgowns?”
Mose edged toward the door.
“Well, he’s too small to wear my pajamas,” Concannon said.
“The tops of your pajamas would have worked.  Why did you think you could take one of my nightgowns?”
“It was the only thing I could do.”
Maisey glared at Mose, the force of her stare causing him to retreat until his back was against the wall.  She shook her head and sat down at the kitchen table, crossing her hands.
“Patrick, I will not say this again.  You have got to get this man out of here.”
“I don’t know where else to put him.  Maybe he can stay here until I figure out what to do with him.”
Maisey pounded the table with flat of her open hand.
“Not in your life, Patrick.  Over my dead body.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll figure out something,” Concannon held up both his hands as though he were being held at gun point. Maisey looked at Mose, standing quietly in the corner.
“What did you do with his clothes?” Maisey asked.
“I threw them in the garbage, just like you told me.”
“You should have thought about that last night.  Now what’s he going to wear?”
“By the time we left the police station, all the stores were closed.”
“I’m telling you, Patrick, it’s your problem. I want nothing to do with this.”
“Maisey, maybe some of your old clothes will fit him.”
“My old clothes?, Maisey almost shrieked. “Why my old clothes?”
“Did you give those old brown slacks to the Good Will?”
“It’s not enough that he’s wearing my nightgown?  I’m not going to give this man a single piece of my clothing and that’s my last word.”
Ω
John opened the door to the Finish Line squinting in the bright sunlight. The fresh morning breeze mixed with last night’s stale odors of beer and cigarette smoke.  Panama stood inside at the bar holding on as if in fear if he did not keep hold of some immovable object the world would slip out from under him.  John hobbled back behind the bar.
“You look like you died and went to hell.”
“I shouldn’t have drunk so much last night.”
Panama dumped three aspirins into the palm of his hand and threw them into his mouth, washing them down with a large gulp of hot black coffee.  The smell of grease and stale cigarette smoke brought on the beginnings of nausea.
“My head feels like it’s going to explode.”
“You going to see Nino?” John asked, busying himself behind the bar.
The thought of confronting Nino was not something Panama looked forward to.
“I don’t know, maybe later.  I got to wait and see how I feel.”
John took a bottle of bourbon from behind the bar and poured Panama a shot.
“Little hair of the dog.” Panama looked down at the whiskey.
“I don’t know if it’s such a good idea.”
“Go on, take it.  It’s on the house.”
Panama poured the whiskey into the glass and threw back the shot, making a face.
John leaned against the bar and said, “You really think Nino will pay off?”
Panama thought about it for a moment, and regretted not going to the window.
 “I should have known better.  I should have settled for even money at the window, but I got greedy.  Wasn’t such a good idea to back Nino into a corner in front of all those people.”
Panama poured a little more coffee in his cup and took a small sip.
“I don’t know if I got the strength to stand in front of Nino, and his gorilla, Sharkey.”  He looked at his watch.  “I already missed the workouts.”
Panama left his unfinished coffee on the bar.  He turned and walked toward the stairs, swaying slightly, having difficulty maintaining his balance.  He walked down the hall to the room he shared with Lucky.  When he opened the door, Lucky was sleeping on her stomach with her face to the wall, a sheet covering her from the waist down. Panama sat on the edge of the bed and struggled to take off his boots.  He sat for a few moments quietly gazing at the graceful curve of Lucky’s bare back. He lay down next to her, closed his eyes and breathed a deep sigh. Lucky rolled over and looked at him.
“You look like death warmed over, honey.”
“That’s what John said,” Panama quietly replied, closing his eyes.
Lucky raised her leg, wrapped herself around Panama, and nuzzled his shoulder, drifting back to sleep.
Ω
Mose sat in a small windowless room lit by a single overhead light, paging through mug books.  It was a few minutes after nine.  Each black page held six three by three photographs of criminals and, after more than an hour, all the faces looked the same. Mose looked up as he turned the page and watched a cockroach work his way back and forth along the baseboard, wriggling his feelers.
Across the small room, a worn desk sagged under the heavy the feet of a sleeping policeman.  His head was thrown back and occasionally the breath would catch in his throat and he would snortle.  His coat was draped on the back of his chair and his loosened tie rested below an unbuttoned collar.  The table, the desk, and the two chairs were the only furniture in the room.
There were nine mug books. Mose had gone through seven and was now working his way through the eighth.   He turned the final page, closed the book, and put it on top of the stack.  He felt a vague apprehension and knew if he found the picture of the big man, he would surely be putting himself in danger.  Growing up in South Florida, he knew that the life of a black man didn’t matter worth a hill of beans to the police department.
Mose pulled the last book toward him and began looking through the mug shots again.  When he reached the middle of the book, he turned the page and saw the big man’s picture in the upper left corner.  He stared at the picture and then looked over at the sleeping policeman.  He pushed the book forward a few inches and turned away.
He got up so as not to shuffle the heavy oaken chair on the linoleum and went down the hall to get a drink of water, but did not drink from the drinking fountain reserved for white folks.  Instead, he walked through the door marked COLORED. He made a cup by putting his hands together and drank water from the tap and then splashed the remainder on his face.  Since there were no towels, he used his sleeve.  He looked at his face in the mirror and tried to decide what to do.
Leaving the restroom, Mose walked slowly back to the small room.  The policeman was snoring steadily now.  He walked softly across the room and stood looking at the upside-down face of Sharkey in the mug book.  Putting his hands in the pockets of Maisey’s slacks, he pictured again in his mind the three men going into the stall across the shed row and closing the door.  He wondered, again, what he should do. He went around the table and sat down.  The cockroach was gone.  He pulled the book toward him and took another look at the picture.  He stood up and carried the book across the small room.
“Excuse me, Captain.”
The policeman snorted, opened one eye and looked up at Mose.
“I think I found the man, Captain.”
The officer opened the other eye, took his feet off the desk.
“Show me.”
Mose put the book down and pointed his finger at the picture. The policeman looked at the picture and then pulled the phone toward him and dialed a number.
“Let me talk to the Chief.”
Ω
Shortly after 1pm, Panama walked across the spacious lobby of the St. Moritz to stand in front of the reception desk.  A man in gray striped pants and a dark jacket looked up, obviously not pleased to see Panama.
“May I help you?” he said, looking at Panama with cold eyes. Panama felt uncomfortable.
“What room is Mister Morelli in?”
“Whom shall I say is calling?”
“Panama Boudreaux.”
The man sighed deeply as he dialed the house phone.
“There’s a Mister Boudreaux here to see you.”
The man waited a moment for an answer.
“Thank you.”
He put the phone down and gestured to his right with a limp wrist.
“Take the elevator to the tenth floor.  Room 1001.”
The elevator carried Panama to the top of the building.  At the top, the doors slid noiselessly apart.  He stepped across the hall and knocked on the door.  After a moment Sal Binaggio opened the door.  He was wearing the same tightly fitting pin stripe suit he had on at the track the day before.
 “Yeah?” Binaggio sneered.
“I’m here to see Nino.”
“Do I know you?” Sal asked, blocking the doorway.
“Maybe you do, maybe you don’t.  I’m here to collect on a bet.”
Somebody inside the room said, “Let him in, Sal.”
An L-shaped couch stood in the middle of a huge room surrounded by several other overstuffed chairs and tables arranged in small groupings.  In the corner, the room’s dimensions dwarfed a grand piano.  Half filled wine glasses, overflowing ashtrays, plates of desiccated shrimp, and the other remains of the previous night’s celebration covered all the tables in the room.  Through large French doors Panama saw Nino wearing a red silk robe, eating a late breakfast on the sunlit balcony.  A pair of blondes, who didn’t look a day over sixteen, sat on either side of him wearing only their underwear.
Nino got up and came into the room, carrying a cup and saucer.
“I was wondering how long it would take before you showed up.”
“I’ve been up for hours,” Panama lied.  “I thought I’d let you get your beauty sleep.”
“Want some coffee?”
“No thanks.”
“Sit down a minute.”
Nino yelled an order over his shoulder to the two girls.
“Party’s over.  You dames get your clothes on and beat it.”
The smiles on the faces of the two girls faded.  They got up and hurried quietly into the bedroom.
“If it’s all right with you, I’ll take my money now.”
Taking his time, Nino lifted the cup and sipped daintily, crooking his little finger.
“When those dames get dressed,” he said to Sal, “get ‘em out of here.”
He moved some half-filled glasses aside and put the cup and saucer down on the end of a cluttered table.  He walked over to stand in front of the open French doors, his hands in the pockets of his robe, looking out over the Atlantic.
 “You took a big chance with me yesterday, making that bet in front of them people.  I should have backed you down, but I didn’t want to make a big deal in the Turf Club.”
Panama’s stomach began to rumble and his head throbbed.
“It was a fair bet.”
Nino turned to face Panama.  “In a pig’s eye it was a fair bet.  You knew there was an overlay on the board.  Why didn’t you go to one of my bookies?”
“Because I saw Balesteros get arrested down at the paddock for taking a bet.  And besides, none of your bookies would take a bet that big.  The only place I could get such a big bet down was with you, Nino.  I didn’t know you’d have those people at your table.  I thought you’d be alone.”
“Suppose I was to tell you that you ain’t making any more bets with the bookmakers.”
“I don’t bet much with ‘em now.  I can make a living at the window.”
There was a knock on the door.  Nino looked impatient as Binaggio crossed the room and opened the door.
“Yea, what do you want?” Sal asked, looking up into Concannon’s face.
“I’m here to speak with Mr. Morelli.” Concannon replied, staring down at Binaggio.
“Detective Sergeant Concannon,” Nino said, “what brings you here?"
“Mind if I come in?” Concannon asked.
Sal stood aside as Concannon walked into the suite.
“And who might you be?” Concannon said to Panama.
“Boudreaux.”
Concannon faced him, sizing him up.
“What brings you to see Morelli?”
“I was just passing by and stopped in to have a cup of coffee.”
That made Concannon smile.
“Just happened to be in the neighborhood. Everybody at the track says you took a big bite out of our friend here yesterday.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, officer.”
The two girls emerged from the bedroom wearing the clothes from the night before.  Concannon watched with a bemused look on his ruddy face as they hurried across the room, followed by Sal.
“Looks like jail bait to me, Morelli,” Concannon offered, as Sal ushered them out to the elevator, closing the door after them.
“They only stayed the night.  They was helping out with the party.”
“Musta been some party,” Concannon smiled, turning to face Nino. “Nice place you got here."
“Be it ever so humble," Nino opened both his hands and smiled back at the detective. Concannon continued looking around.
“How much a place like this set you back, Nino?”
Nino moved over to the couch and sat down extending his arm along the back.  
“That’s none of your business.”
“Tell me something, Morelli. How come a guy with no job can afford to live in a fancy hotel on Miami Beach?”
“I’m an investor.  I make deals.”
“Is that right?  What kind of investments you make?  You must own a gold mine, or something.”
“My business is my business.”
Concannon turned serious then, the smile suddenly vanishing from his face.
“Let’s cut the bullshit, Morelli.  Your investments are in gambling casinos and horse parlors.  Everybody knows that.”
Nino leaned forward, “You got something on your mind, spit it out.  Otherwise, why don’t you beat it?”
“Yeah, thanks, I almost forgot why I stopped by to see you, Morelli. There is something on my mind.  Somebody cut a groom’s throat yesterday at Hialeah, guy by the name of Jed Harbeck. Know anything about that?”
“Yeah, seems like I heard something like that,” said Nino as he leaned back.  “Horse racing, they say, is the sport of kings. But it’s got a seedy side, too. I make it a point to avoid that. Spoils the fun out of a nice day at the track.”
“I figured you woulda heard something, Morelli, but let me tell you what the word is goin’ around at the track.  Word is, you tried to get Harbeck to dope a horse, and when you found out he didn’t do it, you exed him out.”
“You’re wrong on both counts, detective.  I never even spoke to Harbeck.”
“What color suit were you wearing at the track yesterday?”
Nino looked innocent.
“I don’t remember.”
“Well, I talked to the manager of the Turf Club and he says you were wearing a white suit.  I got an eye-witness that says he saw three men go into Invincible’s stall after the race.  He picked Sharkey out of the mug-book.”
Nino stared coldly at Concannon. His eyes narrowed only slightly as he smiled back at the detective.
“Did you leave the Turf club yesterday afternoon?”
“Yeah.  I do that all time.  I like to go down to the paddock and look at the horses.”
Concannon walked over to stand in front of Nino.  He took a folded paper from his pocket and waved it in Nino’s face.
“This is a warrant.  I’m arresting you for the murder of Jed Harbeck.”
Nino crossed his legs and looking up at Concannon said, “You know you can’t prove nothin’.”
“I think you better get into some clothes Morelli, and come along with me.”  Turning, he looked at Panama.  “What are you still doing here?”
“I was just leaving.”
“Good.  Otherwise, I might haul you in too.”
Ω
It was two o’clock, fifteen minutes before the class was scheduled to end.  Poised to bolt from their desks to the pleasures of the weekend, everyone -- Tad being the single exception -- watched the clock with anxious eyes.
The teacher, Mrs. McAlum, an attractive woman in her late twenties, was dressed in a white shirtwaist blouse and a navy knee-length skirt.  Thick, rimless glasses enlarged her pale blue eyes.  She had recently married one of the more eligible bachelors in the county, whose deceased relatives had generously endowed him with land and property.  There was no need for her to continue to teach, but she felt a moral obligation to acquaint the high school students of the county with what would probably be their last taste of literature.  The Depression had not yet ended in rural Georgia and it was rare for anyone to go on to the state university at Athens.
Mrs. McAlum stood behind her chair, resting her elbows on the back, looking down at the pages of an anthology of American Literature.
She was aware of the usual Friday distraction, but in the past she had always depended on Tad to keep up the pace.  Now he sat at the corner of the room by the window and stared out at the pouring rain, which had been falling for what seemed an eternity.
“Whitman did not serve in the army during the younger brother George was one of the first to enlist,” Mrs. McAlum said.  Civil War, but his “When George was reported missing, Whitman found him wounded in a camp on the Rappahannock. And, from that day forward, Whitman worked in the hospitals in Washington.  You must remember, class, the Civil War was fought only eighty years ago, so there are still people alive who fought in that war.”
Mrs. McAlum would normally call on someone in the class to read, but on this day, with everyone so distracted, she stood behind her chair and read from the first stanza of the poem.
“O Captain! My Captain!”  She paused to look over the class and then went on to finish reading the two remaining stanzas.
“Does anyone know who this poem is about?”
No one raised their hand.  She looked again at Tad, but he continued to stare out the window.
“This poem is in memory of President Lincoln, who was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth at the end of the Civil War.  Does anyone know what became of Booth?”
Again silence.
Mrs. McAlum was beginning to lose her patience.  She considered, and then rejected, the idea of dismissing the class early.
“Ladies and gentlemen.  We have but ten minutes left in the class, and I ask that you give me your kind attention for the duration of that brief period.  Now, who knows what became of Booth?”
Sara Jane Tilden raised her hand.
“Sara Jane?”
“He broke his leg when he jumped onto the stage and was later caught and hung.”
“That is mostly correct, Sarah Jane.  Booth was not hanged, he was shot.”
A few students cast furtive glances at the clock over Mrs. McAlum’s head, but she was focusing her attention on Tad, who sat silent.
“Whitman wrote several poems about Lincoln.  Here is another poem, ‘When Lilacs Last In The Dooryard Bloom’d,’ an elegy for the dead president.”
When she reached the midpoint of the third stanza, the bell rang signaling the end of the class, the end of the day, and the end of the week.  All the students but Tad made a rush for the door.
“Read the rest of this poem for your assignment and be prepared to discuss it in class on Monday,” she called after them.
It took less than thirty seconds for the room to empty.  Tad remained, gathering up his books.  For a brief period she had considered taking Tad into her home.  She knew Tad was orphaned, and she wanted to extend love and kindness to him, but, after thinking carefully about it for a few days, she concluded her husband would speak against the idea.
“Tad?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, without looking up.
“I’m real sorry to hear about your father’s death.  I remember how lost and bewildered I was when my father died.  I’m sure you must be struggling under the same burden of grief.”
“Yes ma’am,” he said, again unwilling to meet her glance.
“What will you do now, Tad?”
“I guess I’m going down to Florida to stay with my grandmother.”
“Have you ever met her?”
“No, but I guess it’ll be okay.  She’s family.”
Mrs. McAlum had seen Tad come to school with bruises given by his father.  She walked over to him and handed him a book.
“I want to give you this,” she said.  “It’s a collection of Whitman’s poetry.”
He looked first at the book and then at her before opening it.  In the frontispiece she had written a dedication.

To Tad Hobbs,
I hope these poems will
remind you that you have a good mind
and a  sensitive spirit. 
With affection,
Mary McAlum  March, 1941

“You’re one of the brightest students I’ve ever had, Tad.  I want you to promise me that you’ll find some way to at least finish high school.  I know going on to college is an unlikely alternative, but I want you to promise me you’ll finish your last year.”
He nodded.
“I know you feel abandoned.  Whenever you feel sad and depressed, read some poetry.  It’ll lift your spirits.”
Tad fanned a few pages of the book and then put it inside his shirt to keep it away from the rain.  He put out his hand tentatively, but Mrs. McAlum took him into her arms.
Ω
“Thaddeus Hobbs, if you don’t quit dawdling in there you’re going to miss the bus,” Miss McLaws called.
She waited in the shabby kitchen wearing her yellow slicker.  Her piercing brown eyes and her cavernous cheeks gave her a withered look.  A dusty film covered the windows.  The floors were slanted and a wooden table took up the center of the room, covered with a worn yellow oilcloth.  Tad came down the hall, dragging his heavy old bag.  When Miss McLaws saw him coming she turned and went out the back door letting the screen door slam behind her.  She struck off across the yard walking through the rain in long purposeful strides heading for his father’s old truck.
Miss McLaws worked in the county seat as the Recorder of Deeds.  She had adopted a stern astringent manner and an acerbic tongue to get along in the company of men who were her intellectual inferiors.  It was said she was a distant cousin of a famous Confederate general, a rumor she did nothing to dispel.  She got into the pickup truck as Tad stepped out onto the porch and closed the door.  Tige, Tad’s dog, came running up on the porch, and Tad bent down to rub the dog’s ears.  Tige wagged his tail, looking up trustingly into Tad’s eyes unaware this was a last parting.
“So long, Tige,” Tad said, standing up.
Tad picked up his bag and dragged it across the yard without looking back.  As Tad got into the passenger side of the rusty old pickup truck, Miss McLaws started the engine. She shifted into first gear as Tad tried to pull the door shut, but it was so badly out of alignment he had to try three times before it closed. As Miss McLaws let out the clutch, the pickup shuddered forward down the long drive until they reached the highway where she gave a quick cursory look in both directions before plummeting out onto the pavement. She didn’t bother shifting into a lower gear and the truck, slowed by the turn, humped along, it’s engine rods knocking against the side of the block until the truck gathered speed down the wet blacktop.
“Well, Tad,” she said, staring through the oscillating windshield wipers, “looks like you’re going to start out in life a little earlier than most.”
“Yes ma’am.”
“I don’t know how much money there will be when everything gets sold.” Miss McLaws had coerced the unwilling notary at the courthouse to attest to a false bill of sale for the pickup.
“If anybody finds out I did this,” he whined, “I’ll be in a lot of trouble.”
“Just sign the damned thing and keep your mouth shut,” Mrs. McLaws said.  “Who’s going to tell anybody?  The only person knows about it is me.  You think I’m going to tell anybody?  I got enough enemies in this county, they’d put me in jail as fast as they could get the cell door open.”
When she sold the pickup she intended to keep most of the proceeds for herself.  She figured she was owed something for the trouble and the risk she had taken to get the truck sold.
When they reached the bus stop in front of the general store she went inside and bought Tad a one-way ticket to Miami while he waited in the truck.  When she returned, she got in the truck and they sat in silence waiting for the bus. Tad sat silently listening to the rain beat a soft drum roll on the roof of the pickup.
When the bus arrived Tad and Miss McLaws got out of the truck.  The driver took the bag from Tad and put it in the luggage compartment.  Standing in the downpour Miss McLaws and Tad watched the driver close and lock the door.
“You take care of yourself, you hear?” Miss McLaws said.
“Yes, ma’am.” Tad promised, starting down at his soaking wet shoes.
She turned around and headed back toward the truck.
 “All aboard,” said the bus driver, who had climbed back into his seat.
As the door closed behind Tad the air brakes hissed and the bus lurched forward throwing him off balance.  The bus was less than half full with a sprinkling of sharecroppers, elderly women, and one couple sitting side by side.  Tad made his way to the back of the bus and took a seat in the last row.  The driver worked through a noisy progression of gears as the bus moved down the narrow two-lane highway leaving in its wake a cloud of fine mist porposing gently to a harmonic that matched the rhythm of the wipers slapping back and forth across the windshield.
Ω
As soon as Concannon opened the door to his apartment a strange and wonderful aroma engulfed him.  Maisey was sitting on the couch with her feet up reading Colliers magazine.
“What’s that I smell?”
“Jumbalaya.” Maisey said without looking up. She licked her thumb and turned the page.
“What’s that?”
She looked up from her reading.
“Jumbalaya.  It’s some sort of Southern dish.  I don’t know what’s in it, but Mister Washington went to the store and bought all the ingredients.  He used his own money.”
Concannon followed the aroma into the kitchen. Mose was huddled over the stove wearing one of Maisey’s flowered aprons with ruffles on the straps.  “Evenin’, Captain.”
“I thought I told you to stop calling me Captain,” Concannon said.
“Yes, sir,” Mose said, humbled by the tall detective.
Concannon leaned over the saucepan and looked inside at the steamy brown mixture.  The only shapes he could recognize were a few shrimp.  “What’s in it?”
“Shrimp, chicken, smoked sausage, and a lot of spices.  Green pepper, onions, celery.” Concannon straightened up and continued to stare into the saucepan.
“I don’t like spicy food.”
“It ain’t spicy, Captain.  It’s real good.  You goin’ to like it.”
Concannon went back into the living room and stood in front of Maisey.
“Maisey,” he said in whiny voice.  “I’m a meat and potatoes man.”
Mose had followed Concannon into the room.
“You all can come in here and I’ll start serving this up.”  Mose disappeared into the kitchen.
Maisey, not taking her eyes off the Colliers, went into the kitchen and sat down at one end of the table.  She folded the magazine in half and placed next it to her plate.  Concannon sat down at the other end of the table set for two.  Mose served Maisey first and stood off to the side, holding the saucepan in one hand and the ladle in the other, looking uncertain, waiting to see if his Jumbalaya would be a success.  Maisey took a small tentative bite.  As she chewed the Jumbalaya her eyebrows raised.
She looked up at Mose.
“You like it, Misses?”
Maisey nodded.
“This is quite good.”
Mose ladled some of the mixture onto Concannon’s plate.  Concannon speared a shrimp with his fork.
 “Where did you learn to cook this dish?” Maisey asked.
Concannon chewed the shrimp as the bouquet of spices flowered in his mouth.
“I grew up in New Orleans, Misses, an’ my mama, she taught me to make Jambalaya.  Lots of other Southern dishes, too. Shrimp Ettoufée, Filé Gumbo, Crawfish Pie.”
Concannon shoveled a much larger portion of the Jumbalaya into his mouth.
“What do you think of this, Patrick?”
He nodded as he swallowed.
“This ain’t half bad.”
“I’m glad you like it, Captain.”
“Pull up a chair and join us,” Maisey said.
“Oh no, Misses.  I’ll eat later.”
Ω
Lucky sat in a booth at The Finish Line.  Willie had consumed more than a dozen beers as Lucky listened to Willie drone on, her words fuzzy and slurred.  All the while Willie spoke, Lucky kept her eyes on Panama who stood at the bar, talking and laughing with his friends.
“It’s Arthur’s only daughter and she’s marrying a used car salesman,” Willie said.  “Can you believe it?  He looks like he just got out a jail.  I don’t know what Arthur would say about all this, God rest his soul, but it sure ain’t nothing he’d be proud of.”
“Where’s the wedding?” Lucky asked.
“It’s up in Boca Ra-tone on Sunday.  What with the traffic and all, it’ll take two hours to get up there in the car and two hours to get back.  Shoot the whole day.”
“How old is she?”
“Who?”
“Arthur’s daughter.”
“Not but eighteen.  Too young, if you ask me,” Willie said as she took a sip from the bottle of beer.  “How old are you?”
Lucky looked back.  “I’ll be twenty-two on April first.”
“April’s Fool’s Day. Yeah, I ain’t no fool, but I was a mistake.”
“How’s that?”
“My mama wasn’t married.”
Lucky shifted her gaze back to Panama.
“Now don’t get me wrong, honey, but you sure look like you had some dark person in your family.”
Lucky’s eyes snapped back.  Willie had one hand wrapped around a beer bottle and supported her chin with the other.
“What makes you say that?”
“I don’t know.  Something about your coloring, except for them blue eyes.”
“Well it’s true.  My mama was a mulatto.  After they quit sailing the clipper ships, my mama took up with a sailor named Rafferty, and I got his blue eyes.”
What Lucky didn’t tell Willie was that one night when Rafferty had had too much to drink, he tried to force himself on Lucky.  He came up behind her while she was at the sink finishing up the dishes. Her mother was passed out in the next room. He grabbed both her breasts pinning her arms to her side. He spun Lucky around and tried to kiss her, but she managed to break free enough to knee Rafferty hard in the balls. He collapsed on the floor, and she kicked him in the stomach. Before Rafferty could recover himself Lucky ran out the kitchen door. She spent the night with a girlfriend’s family and left New Bedford the following day. She was sixteen.
“I figured as much.”
“You promise not to tell anyone?”
Willie reached out and took Lucky’s hand.  “Sure, baby.  My lips are sealed.” Behind the bar the phone rang.
“It’s for you, Ma,” John said, holding the phone high in the air.
As Willie struggled to get up from the table, she tipped a chair over.  Lucky didn’t know why, but she felt a strange kinship with this drunken old woman.
Panama’s friends had left and he stood alone at the bar, staring down at his drink.  Lucky got up and crossed the room, threading her way between the tables to stand next to him, waiting for him to acknowledge her presence.
“You’re pissed at me, aren’t you,” Lucky said.
He took a sip of the pale green mixture.
“What’d you expect me to do?  Turn down the opportunity to meet some important people?”
“The only important people Nino knows are in the mob.”
“So?  The mob is in a lot of businesses.  Nightclubs, gambling casinos.  It’s tough to find work today, Panama.  You know that.”
He turned to look at her.
“It’s not what you think,” Lucky said.
Panama continued to stare at Lucky.
“You think after all you’ve done for me I’d dump you for Nino?  If it hadn’t been for you, I’d been walking the streets doing you know what.”
“You do what you want,” Panama said softly, looking down at his drink.
“You really want me to go?”
Panama maintained his silence, continuing to stare down at his unfinished drink.  She put her hand on the back of his neck and squeezed gently.
“Look at me,” Lucky said.
When Panama continued to stare into his drink, she repeated, “Panama?  Look at me.”
He turned his body and leaned his elbow on the bar.  Lucky’s hand slipped from the back of his neck to his shoulder.  She drew close to him until their faces were a few inches apart.  Looking into his pale brown eyes, she smiled and brushed her fingers across his cheek and then along the thin line of his lips.  “What’s on your mind?”
He tried to suppress a smile, making his lips even thinner.
“You’re on my mind.”
She rested each of her arms on his shoulders, leaned forward and touched his ear with her tongue.
Ω
The bus tracked slowly south on U.S. 1, running through the cold spring rains of Georgia, passing through Louisville, and Wadley, and a lot of wet barren farms and woodlands.  When it got to Swainsboro the driver stopped for dinner.
Tad sat at the lunch counter in the drug store eating a grilled cheese sandwich, listening to two men sitting next to him arguing about a list each held in his hand, running down the items in tandem.  They kept losing their place and had to start over at the beginning.  They were still arguing over the lists when Tad got up to leave.
He gave the cashier three nickels for his dinner and walked outside to stand by the bus.  He thought about getting The Maltese Falcon out from his bag, but he feared once he opened the bag he would never get it closed again.  He counted his money and found he had a dollar and eighty-five cents left. He decided he could afford to buy a Life Magazine.  Returning to the bus with his magazine, Tad found his seat, and settling himself, began to flip through the large pages of Life.  He saw photos of Greek soldiers in Albania warming their hands over a battlefield campfire.  The Italian cruiser, San Giorgio, had been bombed earlier that month by the R.A.F., and Tad looked at photos of it burning as it sank.
People gradually returned to the bus, going back to their old seats, bringing a few conversations with them from the dinner table.  As the passengers settled into their seats on the crowded bus, the chatter gradually drifted away into silence.  
Once the bus cleared the town, it picked up speed, and Tad fell back into the rhythm of the road. The scene passing the window kept drawing his eye away from the photos of a distant world preparing for war, and he put the magazine aside to watch the landscape slide by like a moving picture show.  Up close, the one-street towns, bushes, trees, and roadside gas stations flew by in a blur, but farther out the vista passed more gently. He let his eye catch upon the more slowly moving horizon. The bus droned steadily southward, and when they got to Waycross the terrain changed, and the weather cleared.  Bit by bit, the jack pine, and palmettos, replaced the tall hardwoods.
Gray clouds cleared off leaving a wide expanse of evening sky into which a star was embedded. Tad recalled the line from Whitman’s poem: ‘And the great star early droop’d in the western sky in the night.’  As the light dimmed in the west, the sullen Georgia evening yielded to a black velvet Florida night, creeping languorously over the bus from the vast Okeefenokee swamp that stretched out it’s boggy claws like a giant slumbering alligator.
Ω
The cops at the station house had taken Nino’s watch, his belt, and his shoelaces, and he was sitting in his shirt sleeves alone in a small windowless room illuminated by a single light bulb shining in his face.  The back room, referred to as the blue room, reeked with the odor of sweat, the still air barely fit to breathe.  The only furniture in the room was a battered metal table and three straight-backed wooden chairs.
It seemed to Nino that he had been in that room forever.  He sat at the desk thinking that a few hours ago he had been in his suite at the St. Moritz enjoying the morning breeze on the veranda of his penthouse suite and a fresh cup of coffee, a sharp contrast to this place.  Not one person had come into the room for what seemed an eternity.  At one point, he got up to try the door and found it locked.  He knew it must be late.
Shaking the doorknob with anger, Nino thought about the big retainer he was paying to that crooked son-of-a-bitch, Morris, and he didn’t deserve to be treated like this.  He deserved more respect from the police, too, especially since he was paying close to a grand a month to that fat slob, Dobresson. Nino removed the empty cigarette pack from his shirt pocket. He crumpled the pack into a tight ball and tossed it near the ashtray sitting in the center of the table.  He was sitting at the table searching through the overflowing ashtray for a likely looking butt when Concannon came silently into the room.
He closed the door and stood for several moments against the wall, his face hidden in shadow.  Concannon moved out of the darkness and sat down across from Nino.  The lower half of his body was dimly outlined and he leaned forward, placing his large red hands on the table under the bright light.  On the third finger of Concannon’s right hand he wore a Mason’s ring and Nino’s eyes were drawn to the gold compass and square embedded in black onyx.  Concannon leaned back, retreating into the darkness. Only his hands remained in the light.
“Let’s cut to the chase, Morelli.  On one of your trips to the paddock did you make a detour?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean did you, and Sharkey, and some man dressed in black go into Invincible’s stall?”
“I never been near Invincible’s stall.  I never go back to the barns.  I’d be likely to get my shoes dirty.”
“You ever get any drugs from Doctor Shultz?”
“Like I told you,” Nino said, about to lose his patience.  “I don’t know nothing about any drugs.”
“I mean drugs to fix horses.”
Nino shook his head.
“People say that they saw Doctor Shultz talking with Harbeck at the track before the race.”
“I don’t know nothing about that.”
Concannon leaned forward, propping himself on his elbows with his hands clasped.  The ring was hidden in the darkness.
“Jed Harbeck had only one horse in that race, Invincible.  The horse won, but he wasn’t supposed to.  You told me you had a lot of money out, so you figured Harbeck hadn’t done his job.  Is that pretty much what happened?”
“I ain’t never had no dealings with Harbeck.  Sure, I had a lot riding on Invincible.  I play the percentages.  Some days I win, some days I lose.”
“Morelli, you said you had some witnesses in the Turf Club.  Like who?”
“Miss Anne Van Patten from Palm Beach. Mr. Henry Wolsheim of the same. Sharkey and Panama Boudreaux.  The manager and all the waiters saw me there.”
“These witnesses,” Concannon asked, “did they see you leave the Turf Club?”
“Sure, I go down to the paddock all the time to look over the horses.  So what? Is that some kind of a crime?”
“Morelli, I have a witness that says he saw three men going into Invincible’s stall after the race.  He picked Sharkey out of the mug book.  He says he saw a man in a white suit and a man in a black suit go in with him.”
“So, a lot of people wear white suits.  It’s the season. So, how does my wearing a white suit tie me to Harbeck’s murder?”
“Who else would be with Sharkey?”
“I don’t keep track of where Sharkey goes every minute.”
“Sharkey don’t go nowhere without you telling him.”
“Listen,” Nino said, standing up, “I’ve had enough of this.  You ain’t got anybody who can say they saw me going into Invincible’s stall.  These are just fairy tales.  You can’t prove I paid anybody to dope Invincible, and you’re going to die trying.”
“Are you threatening me, Morelli?”
“Naw, nothing like that. I’m just observing the possibilities. I like to play the odds, Concannon. I’d say your chances of gettin’ anything on me are about the same as a snowball’s chances in hell. Now, how ‘bout my one phone call? “


CHAPTER 4


When dawn broke slowly in the eastern sky Tad woke and watched through half closed eyes as an orange haze glowed just below the rim of the horizon. Seeming to hesitate for a moment and then breaking some invisible bond, the sun surged powerfully upward through the morning haze.  Mist arose from the roadside ditches, looking like thin wisps of smoke, as the bus sped through the stillness of the early morning.  Along the road side, red-winged blackbirds clung to marsh grasses and called out their melodies to the passing bus.
The Greyhound continued its way south through West Palm Beach and Boca Raton, through Broward County, and then crossed into Dade.  A little after twelve, the bus pulled into the Miami station. As Tad stepped down, the damp stale air, reeking of mildew, cigarette smoke, and hamburger grease, descended on him like a second skin.
The lobby was full of people who had come to meet passengers, and those who were leaving out of Miami, or who had just arrived.  Tad looked around, searching for his grandmother, but saw only the faces of strangers.  Within a few minutes the bus station had drained, leaving Tad its sole occupant except for a few people seated at the lunch counter.
At one end of the station, through the ticket window, Tad saw a wizened old man who kept casting petulant glances in his direction.  At the opposite end of the station was the lunch counter nestled in the corner rimmed with a half dozen round stools covered in green oilcloth.  The cook leaned against the range drinking coffee from a mug he held in a fist tattooed with a heart.
Tad made for the lunch counter and settled himself on the bench, making sure he had his bag tucked under his legs, and began reading his magazine again.  His fear and uncertainty kept him from concentrating on the pictures and what he read in the captions.  He looked at the clock -- it was half past twelve -- and he wondered what would become of him if his grandmother didn’t come to get him.  He would be alone in a strange city.  Maybe, he thought, his grandmother didn’t want him. Maybe, he was on his own with no one to call on for help.  Maybe, this was how starting out the rest of his life was going to be.
Ω
“The horses have reached the starting gate.  You have two minutes to place your bets.”
Panama leaned on the rail, trying to decide if he should bet this race.  Willie stood next to Panama, her eyes moving back and forth from her sheet to Panama’s.
“Make a hole, mates.”
Bert Trevellian, a jockey who hailed from Australia, stepped between Panama and Willie.  He had a thin face, weathered and creased.  A small nose separated wide-set brown eyes that twinkled when he cracked wise.  He had been riding horses for twenty-odd years.
“I hear you landed in the purple patch,” Bert said.
“So didn’t you.”
Bert spoke softly out of the corner of his mouth.  “The dinky die is that Nimble is knackered out.”
Willie asked, “Where’d you hear that?”
In a normal tone of voice, Bert said, “See you blokes in the funny papers,” and walked off.
Panama looked down at the Racing Form and drew a big X over the fourth race.  Willie spent the next few moments studying the sheet.  Panama turned the page.  The fifth race was a $3,500 claiming race, six furlongs, non-winners of two races this year were given a three-pound weight allowance. Willie slapped the Racing Form.
“Look here, Panama.  Nimble won three out his last four races and came in second the last time.  Does it look like this horse is knackered out?”
“If Bert says he’s knackered out, then he’s knackered out.”
“Well, I’m going to put some money on the nose.”
Willie turned away and headed for the betting windows. Panama looked at the sheet again.  There were seven horses in the fifth race and none of them looked too good.  After a few moments, Panama decided he would pass on the fifth race, too.
“Hey, Panama!”
Melvin Kline, the Assistant Racing Commissioner, walked briskly up behind Panama.  Kline’s bulging blue eyes shined with intensity as he held his head forward.  His large rawboned hands were held in fists.  He wore a conservative blue suit and his shoes were shined to a high military gloss.
“I’d like to talk to you.”
Kline and Panama walked off to the side away from some people who were hanging around at the rail so no one could hear what they said.  Kline and Panama had never been close.
“I hear you made a large bet with Nino Morelli.”
“Where’d you hear that?”
“Everybody in the Turf Club says you hit Morelli pretty hard.”
“I was at Nino’s table, but I never made a bet.”
The bell rang signaling the start of the fourth race.
“Well, there’s over a dozen people say they saw you put a bet down with Morelli.”  He poked Panama in his chest.  “We ain’t going to tolerate any more of these illegal wagers.  You understand me?”
“Kline, I never bet with the bookies.”
Kline smiled.  “You expect me to believe you?  Everybody bets with the bookies.”
Willie returned to the rail to watch the race.
“All I do is bet at the windows.”
“Well, keep on doing it.”  Kline leaned in a little closer.  “Panama, you been warned.  If I ever hear of you making an illegal bet, I’ll see to it you’re barred from Hialeah for life.”
Kline turned away as the horses thundered past the finish line.  Willie looked disappointed.  The board flashed the results of the fourth race.  Nimble didn’t even hit the board.
Ω
Concannon stood at attention at the desk of Dobresson, who did not look happy.  Dobresson’s face was covered with sweat, his collar was open and the Windsor knot on his necktie rested in the middle of his shirt front.
“What were you thinking of, Concannon?  Why did you arrest Nino Morelli?”
“I have a witness who saw him going into Invincible’s stall.  He was with Sharkey and another man in a --”
Dobresson held up his hand. “Listen, I don’t care who saw who.  Was it that little colored groom?”
“Yeah, but --”
“I don’t care what he saw.  You never can trust these colored people.”
“Well, he did see --”
“He ain’t telling the truth.  Morelli’s attorney, Mister Morris, is here.  He’s talked to the DA and the DA’s going to present the case to the Grand Jury. ”
“But --”
Dobresson held up his hand again and said, “I don’t want you to bother Mister Morelli anymore.  He’s a very important man in Miami, and you ain’t going to be screwing around with him.  You hear me?  Now get on out of here.” Dobresson motioned with a dismissive wave of his hand towards the door. Concannon felt a burning inside his gut as he turned around and left Dobresson’s office.  He walked down the hall and stopped for a moment at the drinking fountain.  Before he leaned over to take a drink he knew Morelli was paying off Dobresson.
Ω
Larry Morris, Nino’s attorney, stood at the end of the long hallway of the Dade County Building, waiting for his client to appear.  A tall man, rather stooped, he had a great shock of white hair, which surrounded his head like a halo.  His frame could best be described as portly, and he made a practice of wearing loose fitting white linen suits that always seemed in need of an iron.  His face had the ruddy complexion of a drinker, and his bushy eyebrows overhung his small eyes, making it difficult for anyone to see where he was looking.
Policemen walked by him with handcuffed prisoners on their way to either arraignments or trials.  The place smelled of a mixture of disinfectant, urine, and sweat, not a particularly pleasant odor and one that in Larry Morris’ long career as a criminal attorney, he had never become accustomed to.  Ordinarily, he would have sent one of his associates, but Nino Morelli was too important a client to be handed off to a subordinate.
One of the elder members of the Dade County legal fraternity, Morris made a great deal of money representing the criminal community.  In days when most lawyers struggled to stay afloat, his practice generated handsome fees and provided him a good life in hard times.
Immediately after Nino had been arrested Morris had filed a writ of habeas corpus, challenging the District Attorney to either produce evidence that would be sufficient for an arraignment, or, without such evidence, release his client.  He had learned from a source inside the DA’s office that someone had seen three men go into the stall, but Morris didn’t know the identity of the eye-witness.  During the arraignment the judge had found sufficient evidence to remand Morelli and Sharkey for possible indictment by the Grand Jury.  Morris had posted the necessary bail.
“Well, counselor, you got what you wanted.”
Morris turned around and saw Concannon standing behind him with his hands in his pockets.
“What’s that?”
“You sprung Morelli.  Isn’t that it?  What you wanted?”
“Detective Concannon, if, in fact, you do have an eye-witness that saw Sharkey, and a man in a white suit, go into Invincible’s stall, there is no conclusive evidence as to the identity of the man in the white suit.”
“The eye-witness picked Sharkey’s kisser out of the mug book.  Sharkey doesn’t do anything unless Nino Morelli tells him to.”
“What’s the identity of this so-called eye-witness?” Morris asked.
“That’s none of your business.  If I told you who he was, he’d be dead in a flash.”
Morris looked past Concannon and saw Nino and Sharkey walking toward him.  He could tell from the expression on Nino’s face he was not happy.
“See you around, counselor,” Concannon said, as he lumbered off.
“What the hell took you so long?” Nino said.  “I been sitting in the drunk tank with the winos and bums all night.  Smell me.  Go on, smell me.  I smell like piss and vomit.”
Morris sighed deeply.  “There was little I could do.  The District Attorney had every right to keep you for twenty-four hours.  That’s the law and I can’t do anything to change it.  I acted as quickly as I could, Nino.”
“Well, you weren’t quick enough.”
Morris thought of saying something else, but not wanting to get into an argument with his client, changed his mind.
Nino walked between Morris and Sharkey down the steps of the Dade County Courthouse.  Sal was waiting in Nino’s Cadillac with the engine running.  When Sal saw Nino, he leapt out and ran around the car to open the back door.  Without saying a word Nino got in the back seat followed by Morris.  Sharkey got in the front seat as Sal closed the door.
“You can drop me at my office,” Morris said.
“No,” Nino said.  “I want to talk to you.  Take me to the Saint Moritz, Sal.”
The four men rode in silence for several blocks and by the time the car turned onto the County Causeway Nino had regained his composure.
“So, explain to me why they indicted me for murder?”
Breathing a big sigh, Morris spoke slowly and carefully.  “You haven’t been indicted.  You’ve been arraigned.”
Nino clenched his fists.  “Listen, don’t confuse me with all this legal shit.  What am I paying you for?  You going to sit there and let the Grand Jury do whatever they do?”
 “It’ll be weeks before your case comes before the Grand Jury.  In the meantime, I’ll file motions for discovery.”
“So who’s the eye-witness?” Nino asked.
“I don’t know.  It’ll take me a few days to find out.”
Nino pounded his knee with his fist.  “This town is turning into a disaster.  Frank raids one of my joints.  Balesteros gets arrested.  I lose about fifteen grand because Invincible won.  And then I get dragged downtown to spend the night in jail.  What the hell’s happening here?”
“Nino, have a little patience. Give me a few days to look into things.”
“What about this cop, Concannon, from New York.  What’s he doing pissing all over me?  I’m telling you, Morris, you better get Dobresson to tell this guy how the game gets played down here in Miami.  Every time I turn around, something blows up in my face.  Yesterday I let myself get suckered into taking a bet and there was an overlay.  For Christ’s sakes.”
“How much did you lose?” Morris asked, hoping to change the subject.
“Seven grand.  I’m going to make that little asshole sweat.  Nobody embarrasses Nino Morelli in the Turf Club. Nobody.”
“Nino,” Morris said, “if it was an honest bet, done in broad daylight, in front of witnesses, I recommend you pay the man.”
Nino said emphatically, “Pay the man?  To hell with him.”
“You don’t want the word to get around that Nino Morelli welched on a bet.”
“If I hadn’t been in front of all those people, I would never have taken the bet.  But, I figured, what the hell, the horse just might lose.”
“I still say pay the man,” Morris said again.  “You don’t want to get the reputation as a man who stiffs winners.”
“When have I ever stiffed a winner?  When did I ever do that?  I never welched on a bet in my life.”
“Then don’t start now,” Morris replied, staring out the window as the Cadillac made it’s way through the streets of south Beach to the St. Moritz.
Ω
In the Bus Station, over a period of five hours, Tad watched a motley array of passengers line up in front of the window to purchase tickets. The wizened old man behind the ticket window dispensed tickets, and made change as if he took a certain private satisfaction in knowing everyone’s business, as if he personally was sending them on their way. He didn’t much care where, just so long as it was out of his sight. He shot irritated looks in Tad’s direction every minute, or so, all afternoon. Sitting at the counter, Tad had the strong feeling his continued presence bothered the old man.
Buses arrived and departed discharging passengers into the station. The intercom barked to departing passengers to climb aboard.  The clock showed ten minutes till five. Tad watched as a family of poorly dressed people sat down at the counter and ordered some food.  He felt his stomach growl as their food was set on the counter.
At last, Willie came through the door of the station. She was carrying a beer bottle in one hand and a cigarette in the other.  Dressed in baggy black pants showing wrinkles at the waist, she wore a soiled white t-shirt, which was two sizes too big.  The belt holding up her pants was also several sizes too big and hung out beneath the bottom of the t-shirt. She paused at the door and looked around.  The family had finished their supper and left on a bus to Tampa. Since there was no one else seated on any of the benches in the station she focused on Tad and staggered across the lobby of the bus station.
“You Thaddeus Hobbs?”
“I guess I am,” Tad answered uncertainly.
“Well, are you, or ain’t you?  Make up your mind.”
Before Tad could answer she put her face in his.  He could just make out her eyes through the dark lenses and felt her breath, reeking of beer.
He leaned back in self-defense.  “You must be Grandma Willie.”
“Well, I ain’t the Queen O’Sheba.  And don’t call me Grandma.”
She straightened up, turned on her heel, and called over her shoulder, “Get your bag and let’s go.”
She headed for the door listing to starboard.  The wizened old man in the Ticket Office eyed Willie suspiciously as she passed by his grilled window.  Tad, half dragging his old heavy suitcase, followed Willie out the door.
The late afternoon sunshine blinded Tad as soon as he stepped outside.  Willie headed for an old black Buick sedan parked in a No-Parking zone. 
“Put your bag in the back,” Willie said over her shoulder.
Willie hopped in behind the steering wheel and propped her beer bottle on the dashboard under the rear view mirror and turned the key as Tad strained to lift his bag into the back seat.  Leaning way back with both hands on the steering wheel, she pushed the starter with her foot.  The motor started grinding away and turned slower and slower. The drained battery used up the last bit of juice just as the engine fired up with a roar and a cloud of blue black smoke.
Willie revved the engine a few more times to make sure it was running. Tad just had time to shut the passenger door as she threw the car into gear and pulled out into traffic without so much as a look back.  The old car lurched forward leaving a mushroom cloud in its place to occupy the parking space. The forward motion toppled the beer bottle off the dashboard as Willie made a miraculous one-handed catch without spilling a drop.  Behind them there was a screech of brakes and the blast of a horn as they narrowly missed getting hit broadside.  Tad flinched in the passenger seat. Not registering the slightest reaction or concern, Willie took a big swallow of beer and began singing off key.
“Pardon me boys, is that the Chattanooga Choo Choo…”
She turned the big Buick right off NE 13th Street and headed across the County Causeway passing Weston Island and the Blimp Base on the left.  When they got across the causeway she made a right on Collins and went south three blocks.  She made a sweeping U-turn and pulled up in front of a stucco covered building with a sign that read, “THE FINISH LINE.”
Without giving Tad so much as a glance, or a comment, she got out of the Buick and walked inside, leaving the driver’s side door open.  Uncertain whether he should follow Willie, Tad got out of the car stood looking up at the sign.
He walked to the front door and put his hand on the doorknob and then remembered he had forgotten his bag.  He reached in through the opened driver’s side door and hauled his bag across the seat.  Struggling under the weight of the bag, he hefted it across the sidewalk and through the front door.
A mixture of men dressed in work clothes with a sprinkling of women in their midst stood around the oval bar talking about horses and the track, creating a murmur of voices.  A recording of the Andrew Sisters singing “Beat Me Daddy Eight to the Bar” played on an old Seeburg Symphanola, the sound from the juke box rising intermittently over the dozen different conversations.  A man, whom Tad assumed was his uncle John, hobbled around behind the bar on one crutch.
Willie was seated at a table occupied by three men, two of whom wore work clothes. The third wore a shirt and tie.  Tad carried his bag to an empty table next to where Willie was sitting.
“Who’s the kid?” said the man in the shirt and tie.
“That’s my grandson, Thaddeus, from Georgia.  Jimmy’s boy.”
The man in the shirt and tie poked the guy next to him.  “Well, why don’t we start calling you Grandma Willie?”
Everybody except Willie laughed.
“That ain’t funny,” Willie said.
“Okay, it’s just Granny now instead of Willie.”
Finding herself surrounded by a circle of laughing faces, Willie raised her voice.
 “The next guy calls me Granny is never going to buy another drink in here as long as I live!”
The laughter ceased, and the man in the shirt and tie cleared his throat. 
John hobbled over to Tad.
“Hello, kid.  You have a good trip?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Real sorry to hear about your dad.  Musta come as quite a shock.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Jimmy was always the quiet sort, never had much to say.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Come on,” John said.  “I’ll show you where to put your stuff.”
Tad followed John up the stairs in the back of the saloon.  The stairs creaked under their weight as Tad dragged his heavy bag behind John who made slow progress because of his crutch.  When they reached the second floor John hobbled along, the plunk of his crutch tip alternating with his single footstep down the hall.  He opened the door to a tiny room at the end of the hall and look inside as if for the first time.
“Kind of small, ain’t it?” John said, the words slipping out before he had time to think. “Well, it’s just for sleeping.  Around here we spend a lot of time outside.  Put your stuff away and come on downstairs.  I’ll get you acquainted with the place.”  John hobbled back down the hall.
Tad hauled his bag through the narrow door and surveyed the boundaries of his space, a step down from even the humble bedroom he had in Georgia.  The room was just long enough to contain a narrow cot and a four-drawer chest painted a ghastly shade of pink.  He put his bag in the corner and lay down on the narrow bed. Looking at the ceiling above his head, he studied the cracks in the plaster and listened to the sounds of the barroom downstairs where the sounds of the old Seeburg Symphanola mixed in with the background of people laughing and talking.
Tad wasn’t sure what to make of his grandmother’s reaction, feeling his presence would be a burden.  His future looked dim and uncertain and he didn’t know what to expect given the strange new environment of The Finish Line.  He had a vision of being relegated to some menial job in the saloon.  His spirits descended to a level he had experienced after the funeral riding back in the hearse with Miss McLaws and Reverend Peace.
Ω
When Concannon opened the door to his apartment, he heard sounds of laughter.  He stood for a moment at the threshold and listened before entering his apartment. Standing in the kitchen doorway, he saw Maisey sitting at the table, still laughing at something Mose had just said.
“Oh, hello, Patrick, I didn’t hear you come in. How was your day?” Not waiting for answer she went on. “Mose has been telling me about the colorful people at the racetrack.  Do you know a man named Jack Hopper?”
Concannon shook his head.  “Can’t say as I do.”
Mose gave Concannon a big smile, standing at the stove in Maisey’s apron.
“Evening, Captain.”  Mose turned back to the stove and added a pinch of salt to whatever was in the pot.  “Well, Mister Hopper, he sell feed and hay.”
Concannon watched Maisey following Mose’s every word.
“He got a truck with the Lucky Strike painted on its side.  He smoke one Lucky Strike cigarette after another. He kinda cockeyed, an’ when he look at you, you can’t really tell if he is, or he ain’t.  He make you think he ain’t really interested in what you got to say.”
Maisey raised her eyebrows and smiled at Concannon.
“He a real gossip,” Mose continued.  “If you want know something about anybody at the track, you just go ask Mister Hopper and he tell you the whole story.  Yes, sir.”
Mose stirred the pot. “He a real nosy man.”
Maisey looked up at Concannon, smiled, and shook her head.
Concannon went to the refrigerator and got a beer.  With a deft motion, he used the metal opener screwed to the counter and popped the cap off, catching it in his hand.
“What’s for dinner?” Concannon asked.
Maisey said, “Shrimp...?”
“Shrimp Ettoufée,” Mose said, as he ladled a large portion from the saucepan onto Maisey’s plate.
Maisey leaned over the steaming blend of shrimp and rice and closing her eyes breathed in the aroma. She smiled, her eyes still closed.
“Mose, this smells delicious.”
Concannon was uncertain whether he would like this new concoction as he sat down at the table opposite his wife.  When he took the first mouthful he was pleasantly surprised.
“Patrick, isn’t this delicious?”
“You bet it is.”
“Sit down, Mose, and join us.” Maisey pointed to the empty chair at the table.
“No, Misses, I don’t want to eat with you all.  I’ll eat later.”
“If you don’t sit down, I’ll not eat this dinner,” Maisey said with emphasis, putting her fork down on the table cloth.
Mose looked at Concannon, an uncertain expression on his face.
“Sit down, Mose.  You ain’t going to offend us ‘cause you’re colored,” Concannon said.  He pulled the chair out from the table and motioned for Mose to take a seat.
Mose took a plate from the counter and ladled some of the Shrimp Ettoufée. He took his seat at the table, and began to eat chewing slowly, his eyes on his plate.
Concannon talked between bites as he forked more of the shrimp into his mouth. “The judge found sufficient evidence to remand Morelli, and Sharkey, over to the Grand Jury.”
Mose looked at Concannon.  “That mean I have to tell what I saw?”
Mose put down his fork.  “Captain, I know what will happen to me if I tell what I saw.  They goin’ to find men and do me jus’ like they done Mister Harbeck.”
“No one knows who you are, Mose, or where you are.  It’s lucky you aren’t in jail.  There’s no telling what would happen, if you were.”
“Mose, this is the most unlikely place for you to be.  And, I don’t think Morelli would come into my house and do you any harm.”
“I know he going to find me,” Mose said, frightened.
“Listen, Mose,” Concannon said, “you’ll be safe here.  You got my word on that.”
Mose looked at Concannon with questioning eyes, as Concannon went back to work on the Shrimp Ettoufee’.  Carefully he picked up his fork and began to eat.
Ω
When Tad woke up, at first he thought he was in his old room but the glaring realities of the afternoon spiraled in on him in his tiny room. He lay in the darkness on the narrow bed, drenched in sweat. Downstairs, he heard a single voice murmuring and then a brief burst of laughter. Another stream of words and then a few seconds of silence. A voice, he identified as his Uncle John’s, said something which he could not make out. 
Tad sat perched on the edge of the bed, trying to orient himself in the darkness.  His throat ached.  When he tried to swallow he couldn’t produce enough saliva to wet the back of his throat. He lay back down again and listened to the voices.  He tried to go back to sleep, but his parched throat kept him awake.  Thinking of cool water, he knew he would have to get a drink, or spend the rest of the night struggling with his thirst.  Tad stood in the center of the dark room and put out his hand, tracing his path to the door.  Walking down the darkened hall, the voices grew more distinct, and when he reached the head of the stairs he looked over the railing.
“Jimmy didn’t make his move soon enough,” Bert observed.
The Finish line had closed.  Dishes bearing the cold remains of dinner and empty glasses filled the table’s surface leaving little room for elbows.
“When he came ‘round the bend and headed into the stretch he should have gone for the doctor.  But, he let Big Pebble move in front of him, and Joe Shenck, and Ringle kept him on the rail.”
Bert sat between Panama, and John under the only light burning.  The fourth chair was empty.  Bert wore a white cotton cap hat pulled down over his eyes, and a bright yellow, short-sleeved shirt.  His crossed arms rested comfortably on the table.  A half-full glass of bourbon stood in front of the empty chair, looking like its owner had left it.
“Then today, some bloke who must be a few bricks short of a load told Jimmy Byrnes it were his fault Cakewalk got boxed in.  Jimmy clocked the bloke in the conk and from then on it was a bloody Barney.”  Bert’s blue swollen cheekbone gave testimony that he had taken the part of Jimmy Byrnes.
When John raised his glass, he saw Tad standing at the top of the stairs.
“Hey, kid, you slept through dinner.”
John turned to Panama and said, “That there’s Jimmy’s boy, Tad.”
Panama pushed his hat higher on his head.  “Well, I’ll be. Come on down here, son. Let’s have a look at you.”
Tad came down the stairs and stood just at the edge of the pool of light.
“This here’s Bert Trevellian,” John said. “He’s just a fair jockey.”
“Don’t listen to him, lad,” Bert said. “I’m the best there is.”
“And this here’s Panama Boudreaux.  Him, and your dad, was best friends.”
“You sure don’t look like your dad,” Panama said.  “Come closer, so I can get a better look at you.”
Tad took a step further into the light, and Panama took hold of his arm and looked closely at Tad’s face.
“Me and your dad was good pals for a while.  He ever talk about the old days?”
“No, sir. He was real quiet.”
“Well, we had some good times together. Your mama was real pretty.”
“Yes, sir. But, she died right after I was born. I only got but the one picture of her.”
“What happened to your old man?” Bert asked.
“He fell off an electric pole and broke his neck. I think he was drunk at the time.”
Bert winced. “Not a pretty way to go.”
Panama nodded and said, “It’s tough being on your own at such a young age.”
“I was only fourteen when I left Australia,” Bert chimed in.  “Ran away from me uncle Bob.  Got me belly full of his kicking me around, so I pulled up the stakes and left.”
“You look like you worked up a sweat, Tad” Panama said.  “Why don’t you get yourself an RC Cola? You’ll find ‘em in the cooler behind the bar.”
“Yes, sir,” Tad said, his face lighting up as he set off eagerly, hoping to feel the cool bite of the cola.
Tad went behind the bar and saw a double-barreled shotgun resting on top of the cooler. He opened the diagonal lid and searched through the cooler feeling around while his fingers grew numb.
Panama settled in his chair and hooked his arm over the back. “You know what I think, Bert?  I think Jimmy used him up too early. I don’t think he rated him and when the chips where down the little colt didn’t have enough bottom to go the distance.”
Panama appeared to be pleased with his analysis of the race. Bert squinched up his eyes and pulled his cap lower leaning even further toward Panama. “Come off it, mate.”
“And what’s more, Bert, I think Jimmy Byrnes is a poor excuse for a jockey. Sam should never have picked him to ride Cakewalk.”
Tad came out from behind the bar, sat down in the darkness next to the three men and took a big pull on the RC Cola.
Bert reached across the table, picked up the glass, and threw the bourbon back.  He set the empty glass down and looked suspiciously at Panama.
Lucky’s voice came out of the darkness at the top of the stairs. “You guys going to sit up all night drinking and talking?”
They heard heels clicking down the stairs. Lucky emerged from the darkness into the cone of light but only far enough for the light to fall below her waist; the upper half of her body and face were dimly revealed. She wore an old silk kimono tied with a sash. As she leaned over to put her arms around Panama’s shoulders, Tad caught a glimpse of the curve of her bare breast.
“Ain’t you ever coming to bed?” she asked.
John stood up and fumbled his crutch under him.  “Looks like it’s time to lock up.”
Lucky noticed Tad.  “Who’s the kid?”
“Tad, meet Lucky Stevens.  His daddy just died.  Him and me was pals together.  Tad’s come down here from Georgia to live with Willie and John.”
Tad stood up as Lucky looked Tad over.
“Pleased to meet you,” he said politely.
“Likewise.”  Lucky sat down where John had been sitting and took a drink of the pale green mixture from Panama’s glass.
“Whew.”  She made a sour face.  “That’s mostly gin.”
Behind the bar, John began to empty the cash drawer into a cigar box.  Bert got up, pushed his chair back, and headed for the door.  He called over his shoulder, “See you at the workouts, Panama. Don’t take any wooden nickels, kid.”
“Let’s go to bed, baby,” Lucky said, standing up and pulling Panama out of his chair.
“You ever been to the track?” Panama said to Tad.
“No, sir.” Tad shook his head.
“Well, would you like to go out tomorrow?  I’ll show you around the backside.”
Lucky pulled Panama toward the stairs.
“Maybe find you a job,” Panama said over his shoulder.  “Know anything about horses? Smart kid like you could earn a couple of bucks easy as a hot-walker. Sound like something you’d be interested in?”
“Yes, sir.” 
“Okay,” Panama said, halfway up the stairs behind Lucky.
“You be down here at six in the morning and I’ll take you out to the track and show you the ropes.  You got an alarm clock?”
“No, sir.”
“Where’s the kid sleeping?” he called to John, who was locking the door.
“In the little room next to yours,” John answered.
“I thought that was a broom closet.”
“It was.”
“Well, I guess it don’t make no difference.  All you’re going to do is sleep there.  I’ll knock on your door around five-thirty.  G’night.”
John hobbled off toward the back of the saloon.  “Don’t forget to turn off the lights.”
Tad sat alone finishing his soda and wondered why his daddy had never mentioned Panama.  To hear Panama tell, he and Jimmy had been the closest friends, but then his daddy never talked much.  Bert seemed friendly.  He had never met anyone from Australia before and Tad was attracted by the strange rhythm of his speech. He leaned back in his chair and a quiet expression settled over his face. As he began to feel hopeful his confidence began to grow.
He finished the RC Cola and set the empty bottle on the bar. After searching for several minutes, he finally found the light switch next to the stairs. Keeping his hand on the banister as he climbed the dark stairs he tiptoed down the inky black hall and opened the door to his room as quietly as he could, stepping into the darkness.
As soon as he closed the door he saw a light shining through a crack in the wall. Some force he couldn’t resist drew his eye to the light.
At first he had trouble understanding what was happening in the next room and then, when he finally realized what he was seeing, he froze. His view was from beneath the end table. He saw Lucky facing Panama, straddling him, her kimono pulled up around her waist, thrusting herself into Panama’s groin. She had parted the top of the kimono and Panama’s head was buried between her breasts. Lucky leaned over Panama, her hands resting on his shoulders and continued thrusting her pelvis down onto him. The rhythm increased and Panama placed his hands in the small of Lucky’s back, lunging upwards with increased tension. Tad barely took a breath watching the scene. A final thrust brought Panama to climax.  Lucky arched her back, closing her eyes, her lips parted, a look of ecstasy on her face. She fell on top of Panama and closed her eyes, resting there in silence, only the sound of their breathing. After a while, she rolled off, and Panama reached for the light.
Tad heard the soft murmur of voices, and for a long moment he continued to stare into the darkness of the next room. Then, as quietly as he could, he lay down on the narrow bed afraid they would hear him if he undressed.
Nothing else was on his mind -- not his hunger, not the small room, nor the uncertainty of the future – nothing except what he had seen in the next room. Tad had never before witnessed the primal act and was not sure he would be comfortable in the presence of either Lucky, or Panama. He drifted off to sleep, the image of Lucky and Panama making love forever etched in his memory.


Chapter 5


“What’d you do, kid, sleep in them clothes?” said Panama, slouching at one end of the bar, watching Tad move toward the other end where John stood on his single leg.
“Want some coffee?” John said.
“Yes, sir.”
John shoved one of the cups in front of Tad.  “You want some cream, it’s in the cooler.”
“No, sir, I just take sugar.”
Panama lifted his cup pausing midway to watch Tad shovel four heaping spoonfuls into his coffee.
“I guess you do,” Panama said. 
“Help yourself to a doughnut,” John said.
Tad plunged one of the doughnuts into the hot coffee.
“You sleep okay in that little room?” Panama asked.
“Yes, sir,” Tad said, talking through a mouthful of doughnut. 
“I did too, but I got a mean hangover.”
“You really going to take this kid out to the track?” John asked.
Panama looked confused, not remembering he had made the offer.  Tad held a doughnut poised halfway to his mouth.
“Did I say I would?”
“Sure.  Don’t you remember?  Last night.”
Tad lowered the doughnut.
“Well, if I said I would, I will.”
“Willie’s going to be pissed at you for doing that.  She wanted the kid to stick around here and clean up the saloon.”
“And what was she going to pay him?”
“Nothin’.”
“Yeah, I thought so,” Panama said.  “You expect him to work here for room and board and the room you gave him used to be a broom closet.  This kid’s too smart to sweep up a saloon.  Besides, he’s her grandson.  You want him to be like you, trapped in this saloon for the rest of his life?”
John leaned over, staring into his coffee, and said softly, “You’re right.  I am stuck here in this saloon.”  Tears began to well up in John’s one good eye.
Panama broke the uncomfortable silence.  “Let me have a shot of whiskey.”
John reached behind him and put the bottle and a small glass on the bar.  Panama took his time pouring whiskey in the glass.  He lifted the shot, stopping midway.  
“I’m sorry I said that, John.”
John continued to stare down into his cup.  Panama knocked the shot back and placed the glass on the bar.  He looked at John and figured it was time to leave.  
“Okay, kid.  Drink up, or we’ll miss the workouts.”
Tad gulped the hot coffee down and grabbed two doughnuts, stuffing one in his mouth and the other in his pocket.  Panama held the door open for Tad and looked back at John bent over his cup of coffee.
The sun had begun to warm the humid South Florida air as Panama walked along at a brisk pace, Tad falling into step beside him.  When they got to the car Panama stopped, but Tad went a few steps further.
“What do you think, kid?”
Tad stared wide-eyed at the car, a 1940 Lincoln Zephyr Continental Cabriolet. The creamy off-white paint was hand rubbed to a perfect glow and it had a glove leather interior. He still had a mouthful of doughnut and had to swallow before he could answer.  
“It looks like the Green Hornet’s car.”
“You might be right. Cost me nearly two thousand dollars.”
Panama walked around to the driver’s side. Tad opened the passenger side door and sat down on the leather seat. Panama lifted the latches of the canvas roof and pushed the top up off the clamps. As the motor purred softly, the top lifted smoothly up over their heads and settled into the well behind the back seat. 
“What do you think of that, Tad?”
With amazement, Tad said, “Pretty neat.”
“You bet it is.”
Panama started the engine and pulled away, getting into a high rpm before he shifted into second.  The powerful twelve cylinder engine sounded deep and smooth. 
“I bought this car off a guy in Vegas when I was passing through on my way out to Santa Anita. He was down on his luck and needed to raise some money fast to pay up some gambling debts he owed to a bookie out there. Let that be your first lesson about life at the track, kid – never bet any more than you can afford to loose.”
 He looked over at Tad, who sat in the corner of the seat, his arm draped nonchalantly over the door, trying look like he had been riding in that Lincoln all his life.
“You got that?”
“Yeah, never bet any more than you can afford to loose.”
“Don’t ever forget that, Tad. You’ll always land on your feet.”
Driving north on Washington to Fifth Street, they turned left and headed across Biscayne Bay on the County Causeway.  They shared the quiet streets of Miami with paper boys on bicycles and milkmen delivering from horse-drawn vans. Inside the houses they passed, people began to get ready for another day in the life.
Ω
Shortly after seven in the morning the door bell rang in Nino’s suite.  After four rings, Daisy, the red-headed call girl, who Nino had screwed the night before, rolled over and shook Nino.
“There’s somebody at the door,” Daisy said.
Nino continued to sleep. The door bell rang again. Impatient, Daisy sat up in bed, put her feet out, got up and walked naked through the living room. She opened the door and peaked through the crack.  “What’s the rumpus?”
“Is Nino here?” Sharkey said.
“Who’s calling?”
“Don’t smart me,” Sharkey said, appearing impatient.
Conscious that she was naked, Daisy said, “If I let ya in ya gotta promise not to lay your peepers on me.”
Sharkey pushed the door aside and stepped into the room not bothering to look at Daisy. She followed Sharkey into the bedroom and watched him lean over Nino’s sleeping body.
“Nino, wake up,” Sharkey said.
Nino opened his eyes quickly and took a few seconds to get oriented.  In a sleepy voice he said, “What’s up?”
“Allan Frank’s planning to put the squeeze on.”
“That’s not possible,” Nino said, his eyes popped open. He rolled over on his back and sat up.
“I think Frank’s planning to cut you off at the heels.”
While Nino and Sharkey talked, Daisy went into the bathroom and closed the door. As she passed the mirror she ran her fingers through her hair and sat down on the toilet thinking about last night.
Almost as soon as she took Nino in her mouth he came.  Because of his Italian background she figured Nino would be a great lover, but nothing could be further from the truth. She wondered what was so important about the news Sharkey had to tell Nino. She wiped herself and flushed the toilet. She took Nino’s bathrobe from behind the door and put it on.
By the time she returned to the bedroom, Nino was propped up, his back resting against the headboard smoking a cigarette. Sharkey had moved the chair from the corner to the side of Nino’s bed.
Leaning forward, Sharkey said, “Nino, you got to put something on the table.”
“I’m not sure Frank would take it and besides, why am I paying all those other guys?”
Sharkey leaned back and crossed his arms.
Nino’s eyes followed Daisy as she came out of the bathroom, her breasts jiggling under the silk of his robe. She walked over and sat down at the dresser running a comb through her hair.
“Sharkey, get yourself some coffee, it’s out on the veranda.”
Sharkey glanced over at Daisy. “Listen Nino, we got to do something here. You got to put this Frank guy in serious trouble.”
Ignoring Sharkey, Nino said, “Daisy, come over here.” Sharkey got up and leaned on the back of the chair.
“That’s right.  It’s my call, Sharkey.  Now get yourself some coffee.”
Looking pissed off, Sharkey walked out of the bedroom and a few seconds later the front door slammed. Daisy took off Nino’s bathrobe and climbed into bed.  She pulled the covers back and put her arms around Nino.
“Let’s do it again, baby,” she said, knowing it would be a quickie.
Nino stared down at Daisy, turned, and put out his cigarette.  He slid into Daisy’s embrace and kissed her on the mouth.  His breath was bad.
Ω
Four and a half miles across the bay, through the morning haze, Allan Frank could just make out the entrance to Hurricane Harbor on Key Biscayne. He sat on the broad terrace of his father’s house on South Vista in Coconut Grove, the morning sun in his face, looking out over the calm expanse of Biscayne Bay. He contemplated the day ahead while savoring the first sip of his first cup of coffee.
The part in the center of his dark straight hair exposed a nearly perfect line.  He had large dark eyes that shone with a soft light, accented with long lashes. Freshly shaved and showered, by five o’clock his heavy beard would darken his face, and if he had any evening engagements he would have to shave a second time. A slight break in the line of his thin nose gave evidence of his Eastern European heritage. His thin frame made him seem taller than his five feet seven inches. A retiring thirty four year old bachelor, he had a proclivity for colorful clothing, hoping it would help him overcome his shyness.
He had seen the Special Prosecutor appointment as an opportunity to project himself into the spotlight of public opinion. If Allan could clean out the bookmakers and the mobsters, he would be seen as a champion of law and order and from there many avenues would open. He might run for Congress and perhaps, given time, he might even be looked upon favorably by the state’s kingmakers as a possible candidate for governor.
Allan always rose early, weekdays and weekends. From his earliest memory he had sat with his father on the terrace drinking coffee. They talked about many things. As Allan grew older, the morning’s topics changed from the simple questions about a young boy’s life to the more serious issues of a maturing young man. He realized now that those simple early morning discussions had enabled him to profit from his father’s wise counsel.
Graduated cum laude from Auburn, Allan had made the Law Review at Yale. Other than an occasional date for a dance, or a prom, he had never had a serious long-term relationship with a woman. Surprisingly, Allan was still a virgin. For the better part of three months he had been seeing the very attractive Deborah DeMornay, widowed at twenty-eight.
“Mister Allan, would you like a little more coffee?”
Matilda, bent with age, stood off to Allan’s left holding the coffee pot.  She had moved into the house at the same time Allan’s mother was a young bride. She claimed to have been born April 12, 1861, a date she shared with the firing on Fort Sumpter. If she was telling the truth, in a few weeks she would be seventy-nine years old. As Allan pushed the bone china cup and saucer toward Matilda, it rattled over the uneven surface of the wrought iron table.
“You up early this morning, Mister Allan,” she said as she poured the steamy coffee into his cup. She handed Allan the valuable cup and saucer across the wrought iron table.
“I always get up early.”
“You want something, Mister Allan?”
“Not right now, Matilda, thank you. But, in about an hour I’ll have a couple of poached eggs and toast.”
“All right, Mister Allan.”
Allan watched her walk, slowed by age, across the terrace and into the house. He heard his mother’s voice in the kitchen proffering a good morning. He knew she would join him on the terrace to share their morning coffee. His father had died suddenly three years past, and his mother was reluctant to move from the house she had occupied for forty years. Lately, his mother’s outlook on life had drifted, changing from the bright cheerful temperament she had affected all her life to a more subdued and quiet demeanor.
Mrs. Frank came onto the terrace carrying a cup of coffee, wearing a light blue silk dressing gown that matched the blue of her eyes. Other than a few laugh lines around her mouth and eyes, she still maintained a youthful radiance.
“Good morning, mama.”
“Good morning, Allan,” she said as she sat with an accustomed grace.
“Did you sleep well?”
She frowned as she sipped her coffee. “No, I was up most of the night.”
“Why didn’t you take one of those sleeping pills the doctor ordered?”
“I don’t want to come to depend on drugs. It hasn’t been all that long since my mother took laudanum and lost her mind. Not for me, Allan.”
“Mama, laudanum is an opium derivative. Those pills are only a sedative.”
“Doesn’t make any difference. I’ll not start in on them. And that’s my final word.”
“Well, what will you do if you can’t sleep?”
“I’ll do what I always do, drink hot milk and read.”
She took a sip of coffee from her cup.
“So what are your plans for today?” she said, obviously ending the discussion of her sleeplessness.
“This morning I’m having my staff review all the property deeds for the gambling establishments in Hallandale, and after lunch I have an appointment to talk to Charles McLennan, the Hialeah Racing Secretary.  He’s going to give me a few tips on how illegal bets are made at the track.”
His mother shook her head. “Allan, why did you take this job?  You’re a bright personable young man. What makes you want to become involved with the criminal element in this city?”
“Well, mama, someone has to do it.”
“Why did you ever give up your job in that law firm?  What was the name?”
“Dirksen, Dirksen, and Pollard.”
“Yes, that was it. You had a bright future there, Allan.”
“Mama, I’m on an extended leave of absence. I didn’t quit the firm.”
“Well, it’s all the same no matter how you look at it.”
Allan thought of trying to explain the difference between a leave of absence and a resignation, but he knew his explanation would fall on deaf ears.
Allan consumed the last of his coffee, wiped his mouth with a napkin and stood up.
“I will be by about seven to take you to the Winslow’s, Mama. What are you planning to do today?”
She stared across Biscayne Bay, thinking about an answer. “I guess I’ll swim over to Hurricane Harbor and back.”
Allan knew his mother couldn’t swim a lick.
Ω
Low in the sky, the early morning sun at their backs cast long shadows before them as Panama and Tad walked across the paddock. In the lemon yellow light a flower-filled expanse dotted with tropical plants and palm trees reflected gently upon the gray-white of the buildings.
“You’re going to like working at the track,” Panama said. “There’s something new going on every minute. As soon as you think you got things figured out, they change. You know why that is?  It’s because nobody has figured out exactly what a horse is going to do.
A racetrack is like a little city all by itself. It’s got its own citizens and its own little businesses. There’s a hundred ways to make money at the track even if you ain’t directly involved with racing. “
They entered the dark tunnel under the grandstand as Panama continued his portrayal of life at the track.
“Racing is kind of like being in show business. Every day you put on a play for the people and there’s ten acts in the play. The horses are the actors and they’re supported by everybody else from the lowliest grooms and hot dog hawkers to the most famous trainers and jockeys. Without the horses there would be no show. You take one look at a thoroughbred, you can see in a minute why they’re the stars.”
Emerging into the bright sunlight, they headed toward a group of rail birds watching the workouts. Most were dressed in jeans and threadbare work pants, but the bright clothing of a few made erratic patterns of color. Nearly all had stop watches and a few had binoculars. Some looked up and acknowledged Panama with a nod, but most of them continued to study the horses out on the track.
Panama walked down the rail toward a tall raw-boned man with a lead shank draped around his neck who stood off from the group.  Peering intently through narrowed eyes, he looked out across the infield.
“Morning, Bobby,” Panama said.
Without taking his eyes off the track, Bobby said, “Mornin’.”
“Who you got out there,” Panama said, leaning both his elbows on the rail.
“Band Stand. Just going into the far turn.”
The two men stood in silence, their eyes on the horse coming around the turn into the stretch. When the horse passed them Bobby raised his hand and chopped his watch to a stop.
“How’d he do?” Panama asked.
“Not too bad,” Bobby said, unwilling to disclose the horse’s time.
Panama nudged Tad and gave him a sly look.
“You going to put him in the overnight?”
“I might.”
“You had quite a winner in the fifth Saturday,” Panama said.
Bobby took a sidelong glance, giving Panama a cunning smile.
“So, didn’t you?”
They both laughed, sharing their good fortune.
“Sam Foster’s been looking for you,” Bobby said. “He was here just a minute ago.” Bobby looked around to see if he could spot him.
“Yeah, I know what he wants. Know anybody looking for any stable help?”
“Jack McKensey lost a boy. He might still be in need.”
Panama winked at Tad, offering him some encouragement. Band Stand jogged over and pulled up in front of Bobby, who ducked under the rail.
“How’d he come up?” Panama asked.
“Little choppy,” the boy said. He tossed Bobby the reins, kicked out of the irons, and jumped down.
“See you around,” Bobby said to Panama as he led the horse off.
“Kind little horse,” Panama said softly, “but he’s over at the knee.”
“What’s that?” Tad asked.
“That’s when the foreleg curves out over the knee.  Horse has bad conformation, sooner or later, it starts affecting his performance.”
 “How you been keeping Panama?” Sam leaned on the rail next to Panama. The shadow of Sam’s gray beard glinted in the early morning light.
“Doing all right Sam. What’s on the line?”
“Who’s the kid?”
“He come down here to live with Willie.” Handing Tad fifteen cents, he said, “Run over to the kitchen, kid, and buy us three coffees.”
“Where’s the kitchen?”
Panama pointed back through the tunnel. “It’s that building we passed.  You know, where all them people were standing around drinking coffee.”
“Make sure they put a lot of sugar in mine,” Sam said to Tad as he hurried off. Sam rested his elbows on the rail, watching a colt go prancing by on his toes.  
“Nino got released on bail this morning.”
“So now he’s out?”
“That’s right. His mouthpiece, Morris, sprung him.”
“Seems like there ain’t no justice in this world.”
“You see Band Stand?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, I saw him.”
“I clocked him just over thirty-six for three, breezing.”
“Looked a little sore when he came back.” 
“Is that right?” Panama turned to look out across the infield. “What’d you think of Cakewalk in the McLennan?” Sam asked.
“Bert Trevellian thinks he got boxed in.”
“Yeah, so do I.”
“I don’t think he got boxed in. There was a lot of daylight between him and Big Pebble. I think Jimmy Byrnes didn’t rate him, and when he got to the eighth pole he was run out.” Sam looked surprised.
When he started to say something Panama said, “How many races did Cakewalk run as a two year old?  Two?  Maybe three?”
“Two.”
“How many time’s he been out this year?”
“Four, including the McLennan.”
“See?” Panama said. “He’s only run six times in his whole life. He’s a young horse, and he needs the experience. Was that the first time you ran him a mile or better?”
“Yeah, but --”
“The Derby’s ten furlongs. That race yesterday didn’t prove a thing.  You need to find out if he can go a mile or better, Sam, and if he can’t, then he’ll just be a good allowance horse.”
Sam turned to Panama and protested, “Cakewalk’s a Gallant Fox colt.”
“Gallant Fox sired some pretty mediocre runners.”
“Cakewalk runs straight,” Sam insisted. “No bad habits, comes back fresh.”
“Sam, you know breeding ain’t no guarantee that the horse is going to be a winner.”
Sam put his hand on Panama’s shoulder. “If I don’t get this horse in the Derby, I only got but this one chance, Panama. I think he’s got a real shot at the Triple Crown.”
Panama laughed. “Sam, ain’t been but four horses won the Triple Crown.”
“Panama, listen. I been looking all over for a trainer. Everybody’s afraid of Nino. Nobody will take the job.”
Panama turned and hooked his elbows to the rail. “I ain’t interested in being a trainer anymore. I’m doing just fine this side of the board. I didn’t know how much work training was ‘til I quit it. You never know from one minute to the next what’s going to happen. If the horse don’t get shin bucked, it’s a quarter crack. If it ain’t a quarter crack, it’s a bowed tendon. Training horses ain’t a business, it’s a crap shoot. And the dice come up snake eyes all too often. Sam, I do appreciate the offer, but I’m going to have to say no.”
Tad showed up juggling three cups of coffee.
“Listen, Panama, you owe me. I’m the one gave you your first ride. If it hadn’t been for me, you’d still be mucking stalls.”
Panama looked at Sam through narrowed eyes. “Listen, old man, sooner or later somebody would have given me a ride. I don’t owe you nothing. I’d have been a good jockey with, or without you.”
Sam took his first sip of coffee. “Goddamn,” Sam yelled.  “This coffee ain’t got any sugar in it.” He spit it out and threw the cup in the dirt.  “Didn’t I tell you to put sugar in that coffee you dumb little shit ass?”
Tad took a couple of steps back and stood with his mouth open.
“Hey, Sam. Lay off the kid. That the first time you ever got coffee without sugar?”
Ω
Lucky took her time as she walked the two miles from the Finish Line to the Latin Quarter. Her long slender legs and natural grace, together with a good sense of rhythm, made dancing easy for her even though she had never had any formal training. She had started out in the back of the chorus, but her good looks moved her to the front, probably well beyond the position her talent could justify. The dance routines used in night clubs were not choreographed by Nijinsky -- the patrons came to see the cheesecake, not the art form.
She turned right off the County Causeway and walked across the short bridge. Palm Island had been created by dredging the bottom of Biscayne Bay, and the Latin Quarter was just to the left as you came off the bridge. As Lucky pushed the door open her worst fears were realized.  There were dozens of girls, some of whom she recognized from other auditions. She looked around the room and decided most of the girls were just as pretty and maybe better dancers.
Jake Green, a short little guy with a large head stood in the center of the floor with his hands on his hips. Turning in slow circles he looked over the field. He had a round face and curly hair and wore black wool trousers, a loose fitting black silk shirt open at the neck with sleeves too long.
“Quiet please. Quiet on the set,” he said, clapping his hands, waiting until all the mumbling stopped.
“My name’s Jake Green. Mister Green to you. Here’s the drill. We’re going to do one pass through ‘A Pretty Girl Is Like A Melody’ in groups of ten, five on the left and five on the right. One pass for everybody and then we bring you back -- if you make it.”
“How many dancers you need?” one of the girls said.
“Dancers?  Dancers? I don’t need any dancers. What I need is some broads who can look good while they walk around the floor without falling on their ass.”
“Well, how many of those do you need?” someone else said.
“That’s for me to know and for you to find out.” Some of the girls looked at each other and rolled their eyes. Jake clapped his hands again.  “Now girls, watch me very closely because I’m only going to do this once.”
Jake Green walked up stage and raised his arms.  “Music maestro.” 
Three slow steps, turn, turn, four quick steps to the side, turn, five steps, turn again. Lucky found the pattern. It didn’t look that tough.  She would be in the last group, so she would have a chance to see the competition.
“Okay,” Jake said, reading the first ten names, “Murphy, Arens, Tucker, Colombo, Goldberg, Williams, Johnson, Walker, Kadinski, and last but not least, Mimi LaRue. First five on the left, second five on the right.”
When the girls had lined up on each side of the floor, he clapped his hands. 
“Assume the position, girls. And one, and two.”
Lucky watched the first ten go through the dance routine and then another ten and another ten. She felt pretty confident she would get a spot, but you could never tell until they called your name. When her turn came she went through the sequence without a flaw. She caught Jake Green looking at her, undressing her with his eyes. The disgusting vision of his skinny naked body on top of her gave her the shivers.
“Here’s the good news,” Jake said, as he read from the clipboard.
“These girls should stick around. The rest can go. Better luck next time. Murphy, Goldberg, Kadinski...”
Lucky waited anxiously to hear her name.  “Adams, Wilson, Stevens...”
Taking a deep breath, she walked over to the side of the stage and bent down to tie her shoelace.
“Miss Stevens?”
Jake Green was hovering over her. He was not looking at her eyes, he was looking at her tits. She finished tying her shoelace and stood up.
“Follow me.”
Lucky followed Jake Green into his small office. He stood aside, closed and locked the door. Cluttered with costumes, she saw a small cot against the wall. A chair was resting on its side on the floor, which Jake Green righted.
“Sit down.”
Lucky sat down, feeling the chair wobble. Jake Green sat on the corner of his desk, swinging his legs, and stared again at Lucky’s tits.
“How much experience have you had, Miss Stevens?”
“I been dancing for three years. Mostly in Miami.”
“Whereabouts?”
“Here and there.”
“Can you be more specific?”
He leaned over and reached inside Lucky’s halter top. She slapped his hand away and stood up, knocking the chair over. “Not in your lifetime.”
Surprised at her reaction, Jake said, “You know the drill.”
“Well, I ain’t going to let you screw me for a place in the line. Just so you know, you’re the most repulsive little creep I ever seen.” She turned around and ran out the door. As she ran by the other girls, someone said, “Nice going, kid.” She crossed the room to gather up her things.  She felt she had been screwed, just not in a physical way. She sat down and took off one of her dancing shoes and threw it in her bag.
“How come you never told me you was trying to get a spot in the show.”
Lucky looked up and saw Nino standing before her wearing a pearl gray double-breasted suit, a dark shirt, and a white tie and matching boutonniere. Sharkey stood behind him off to his left.
“I guess you never asked me.”
“You didn’t know I own a piece of this joint?”
“News to me.”
Nino snapped his fingers, and Sharkey stepped forward.
“Tell the little guy with the twinkle toes to come see me.”
By this time, Jake Green had taken another girl into his office.  Lucky put her shoe back on.
“Now, let’s you and me go to my office and wait for what’s-his-name.”
“Green,” said Lucky, standing up.
“What?”
“Green. Jake Green. That’s what’s-his-name’s name.”
“Yeah.  Well, let’s go.” Lucky followed Nino, savoring the looks she got from the rest of the girls.
The office had lovely furnishings, all white. The desk stood centered on the opposite wall faced by three barrel chairs. A couch and two upholstered chairs covered in velvet surrounded a low table.  A well-equipped bar occupied the corner to the left of the entrance.
“Sit down. Take a load off. You want something? Champagne?  Scotch?”
“No thanks.”  She felt a little self-conscious sitting there in her audition outfit of shorts and a halter top.
Sharkey came in, followed by Jake Green.
“Come over here,” Nino said.  “I want you to meet a personal friend of mine.  This here’s Lucky -- what’s your last name?”
“Stevens.”
“Lucky Stevens.  She’s a great dancer and a real looker, too.”
“How do you do, Miss Stevens. Pleased to meet you,” Jake said.
“Same here.”
“Now, what’s your name?” Nino asked.
“Green. Jake Green.”
“Okay, Jakey. Let me ask you a question. You think you can find a way to put Miss Stevens here in the show?”
“Oh sure, Mister Morelli. I was going to pick her anyway. She’s a great dancer and, as you said, a real looker.” Green laughed nervously.
“Good. That’s real good. I like that.”
Nino looked at Lucky to see her reaction. She gave him a big smile.
“Okay, you guys can clear out now.”
As Green turned to leave he looked coldly at Lucky and moved his lips around something that Lucky didn’t want to understand.
When Jake and Sharkey had left, Nino said, “Well, so now you got the job.”
“Thanks, Mr. Morelli. Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it.”
“Don’t mention it. It’s nothing. After all, what are friends for? And it’s Nino.”  He had a big smile on his face and was obviously pleased with himself. 
“So, how long you been in Miami?” Nino moved from behind the desk to one of the chairs across from Lucky. She took a cigarette from the box on the table and noticed the Parliament label.
“I came down here in thirty-seven, nearly four years now.”
“So, how’d you get to the party at my place?”
“You remember?  At the track?  You invited Panama and he didn’t want to come so I came alone.” Nino didn’t look pleased at the mention of Panama.  “You been friends with Panama all that time?”
“No. I just met him a few weeks ago.”
“Yesterday he came by to pick up a bet, but before I could pay off I got arrested.”
“What’d they pick you up for?  Speeding?”
Nino stiffened noticeably and then he smiled, realizing Lucky had made a joke. “They think I had something to do with Jed Harbeck’s murder.”
“Who’s Jed Harbeck?”
“He’s a horse trainer. Got his throat cut Sunday afternoon.”
“And the cops think you had something to do with it?” He looked at her with hard eyes.
“I ain’t ever heard of, or talked to Jed Harbeck.”
He got up and walked over to the bar and poured some scotch in a short glass. Lucky could tell that the subject of Jed Harbeck’s murder was no longer something Nino wanted to talk about.
“You sure you don’t want nothing?” Nino asked.
“It’s a little early for me. Besides, I have to get back to work.”  Lucky put out the cigarette she had just lit.
“Hey, if that jerk Green gives you any trouble, you come and see me.”
Lucky stood up. “Thanks again for the help, Mister Morelli.”
“You know, you’re a very beautiful dame. I got a lot of connections down here in Miami. Also in New York. I put in a word here and there, bingo. You get jobs. Just like today.”
He walked across the room and took Lucky’s hand. He drank about half the scotch while he looked into her eyes.
“Just like today. I could help you get ahead in this business.”
“I’d really appreciate anything you could do, Mister Morelli,” Lucky said.
“Hey, like I said before. Call me Nino. None of this Mr. Morelli business”
“Okay, Nino” she said, pulling her hand away.  “Thanks again.”
“Yeah. Well, what are friends for? But you know how things work.  You’re a big girl. You been round the block a few times. You know what I mean?” Lucky saw he was working up to something. “Maybe we could get together later for a drink.”
Ω
Morris walked briskly down the broad limestone staircase at the front of the Dade County Building, turned left, and hurried up Flagler. He hated doing things like this. It could get him disbarred. And then what would he do then? Turn into a bail bondsman? He couldn’t picture himself chasing skips, he was too old for that. Maybe he would move down to the Keys, take the money he had saved and buy a house. Spend his time fishing. But, that would be a boring life compared to the excitement he was used to. And, besides, he would have to move out of Miami since he had made a lot of enemies in town.
Morris had worked too hard to get where he was and he didn’t want the likes of Nino to end his flourishing practice. There was really no choice though, he would either do what Nino asked, or lose him as a client. The fees from Nino accounted for over half of his billings, the mainstay of his revenue. Without Nino for a client, he wouldn’t be able to afford the expensive suite of offices.
Morris pushed his way through the revolving door of the DuPont building at the corner of S.E. Second and hurried across the lobby to the single elevator.  He saw the number twelve illuminated on the dial over the door and watched the light go from left to right, flicker and stop, flicker and stop.  His office was on the fourth floor, and he debated about waiting for the elevator, or taking the stairs.
“Come on, come on,” he mumbled.
He brushed past the exiting passengers.  When the elevator reached the fourth floor and the doors opened, he saw the large entrance to his office framed in dark walnut.  The sight of the elegant entrance always made him proud.
“Good afternoon, Mister Morris,” the receptionist said.
“Any messages?”
“No, sir.  No messages.”
His secretary was busy typing a motion to suppress that Morris had dictated earlier in the day. He nodded and rushed past her desk, closing the door behind him. He sat at his desk and pulled the telephone toward him.
Ω
Panama had brought Tad along for the ride to see Nino and get his money. Tad sat beside him in the front seat taking in the passing scene.  Panama didn’t talk much as he drove through the streets of Miami Beach, smoking one cigarette after another.  He recalled Nino’s last words before the detective walked in and arrested him, something about the bet not being fair, that Panama had taken advantage of the situation in the Jockey Club, that he had known about the overlay. Panama knew if Nino refused to pay off there was little he could do about it. He regretted going to Nino and wished he had settled for even money at the window, but he did want to get his thousand dollars back.
Panama parked the Lincoln in front of the wide stairway leading to the entrance of the St. Moritz.  When the doorman saw Panama behind the wheel he tipped him a salute.  A short wiry man in a pale blue uniform with a matching cap, he strolled over to rest his elbows on the window of the car.
“How’s it going, Panama?”
“Not bad, Slim. I’m getting by. This here’s Tad Hobbs. He’s just moved down here from Georgia.”
“Pleased to make your acquaintance.  Any friend of Panama’s is a friend of mine.”
“All right if we leave the car here for a few minutes?”
“Sure, it’s a cinch.”
Panama and Tad got out of the car and they started to walk away, but Slim touched Panama’s sleeve.
“Anything good on the card today?”
“If the odds are better than four to one on Which Way in the third, you might put a couple of bob on him to place.”
“Which Way in the third. Gotcha.”
Panama and Tad walked up the short flight of steps and through the lobby to the elevator.
“Who we going to see?” Tad asked.
“Nino Morelli.”
“You mean he lives in a hotel?”
Panama smiled.  “That’s right.  You’d be surprised at how many people live here all winter.”
“Gosh, he must be really rich.”
“He’s in the rackets, kid.  He’s got a string of bookmakers in Miami and is connected with a gambling casino called the Plantation up in Broward County.”
When the elevator doors opened they stepped across the hall and Panama knocked on the door. Nino stood at the entrance to his suite.
“I was just thinking about you.  Come on in.”
He stood aside as Panama and Tad walked into the suite. Tad’s eyes grew large as he surveyed the surroundings.
“I was wondering how long it would take before you showed up.”
Panama sat down at one end of the couch, and Tad sat at the other end.
“Hey, kid,” Nino said. “You ain’t putting your filthy ass on my couch.  Get up.” Tad leaped up.
“Hey, Nino, lay off the kid.”
“I don’t give a good goddamn if he’s your brother. He ain’t going put his filthy ass on my furniture.”
Tad started to back away, tripping and falling over the single step backwards, looking scared. Tad leaped to his feet, and Panama reached into his pocket and tossed Tad a quarter.
“Here’s two bits, kid. Go down to the coffee shop and buy yourself a Coca Cola. I’ll meet you down there in a few minutes.”
Tad took the money and hurried out of the suite, stumbling over the threshold. Nino walked across the room and sat down in a chair next to the couch. 
“So what’s on your mind?”
“You know the answer to that one. I’m here to get my money.”
Nino sat quietly and after a long pause said, “You took advantage of me.  You backed me into a corner. It was a bad bet and I ain’t going to pay.”  He appeared to take great joy from his refusal.
“So what about my thousand?”
“Guess I’ll give the grand back.”
“So, let me get this straight. If the horse loses, you give my grand back but if the horse wins, you welch.”
Nino looked Panama through narrowed eyes and smiled.  “That’s the way it is.”
Panama shook his head. “Don’t that beat all.”
Panama got up and walked to the balcony doors, looking out at the calm Atlantic. The placid waters made for a picture postcard setting and were a sharp contrast to the anger boiling just under the surface of Panama’s skin.
“I wish I had gone to the window, settled for even money.”
“You got greedy.”
Nino was right. Panama drew a deep breath and turned around.  Nino stood up and took a wad of bills from his suit coat pocket and tossed it across the room. Panama reached for it, but missed. The bills sailed past his out stretched hand, through the open door, and bounced off the wall surrounding the balcony, missing the top by an inch.
“What’d you do that for? It might have gone over the side and some bum might have picked it up.”
Nino stood there and smiled, his hands in his pockets. Panama stepped through the door and picked up the money.
“It’s all there.”
Panama took the rubber band off the wad and counted the fifties and hundreds while Nino stood smiling at him.
“Well, I guess I learned something from this. That’s the last bet I’ll ever make with Nino Morelli.”
Panama headed for the door. Nino followed his progress across the room.
“Hey, Panama,” Nino called.
His hand on the door knob, Panama turned around.
“I was just kidding.”
Panama caught a larger wad of bills Nino threw across the room.
“Count it, if you don’t trust me.”
Ω
Tad never went to the coffee shop. Instead, he went outside to stand by the car parked at the hotel entrance. He stood with his hands in his pockets staring out at the morning traffic on Collins Avenue. Slim came over to stand next to Tad.
“How’s it going, kid?”
“Okay.” Slim looked furtively around and then moved closer to Tad.
“Here kid, light this,” he said as he handed Tad a cigarette and a box of matches.  “I ain’t supposed to smoke on duty, but if you was to hold the fag for me I could cop a few drags.”
The raw sulfurous smoke made Tad gasp and cough. He handed the cigarette back to Slim.
“Thanks, kid,” Slim said as he sucked the smoke into his lungs and expelled it out his nose, forming two blue cones in the still air. Slim handed the cigarette back to Tad.
“You a jockey?”
“Naw, I ain’t no jockey.”
“So, how you come to be with Panama?”
“I just been out to the track this one time this morning.”
Slim took the cigarette back from Tad.
“He’s trying to find me a job at the track,” Tad said.
“You know anything about horses?”
Looking embarrassed, Tad said, “No.”
“It’s a tough life at the track,” Slim said, looking furtively around as he took another drag.  “Panama was one of the best riders on the circuit.”
“How did he come to be a jockey?”
“He rode bare back in the Barnum and Bailey. His experience riding horses, you see, gave him a good sense of balance. A well-balanced rider gives the horse a big advantage, you know.”
Slim gave the cigarette back to Tad.
“He sort of goes right with the horse, almost like he was a part of the animal. If Panama was riding today, he’d be right up there with Eddie Arcaro and George Seabo.”
“Why’d he quit?”
“Panama got in a terrible accident. Don’t you know? He was laying fifth, about six lengths off the pace, when the horse in the lead snapped a cannon bone and dropped like a rock. All the horses behind, including the one Panama was on, went ass over teacup. Panama got thrown and broke his back. He’s lucky to be walking. After he got well, the doctors told him one more fall and he’d be in a wheelchair the rest of his life.”
A black Packard sedan pulled into the circular drive and stopped in front of the hotel. Slim leaped into action. An elegantly dressed man and woman get out of the Packard.
“Welcome to the Saint Moritz.”
He lifted their four bags out of the trunk and with a surprising display of strength for a little man he carried one bag under each arm and the remaining two bags in each hand. Tad held the door for the man and woman, while Slim followed behind.
“Thanks, kid,” Slim said.
Tad tossed the cigarette butt into the street.
It began to rain, big drops coming slowly at first and then a sudden downpour. Tad huddled under the portico, his back pressed against the wall, watching the cascading sheets of rain, waiting for Panama.
Ω
After a mad dash through pouring rain, Lucky’s clothes were soaking wet, and her hair hung down in damp clusters. During the short ride to the St. Moritz she ran her fingers through her wet hair, sliding forward on the seat to get a better look at herself in the rear view mirror. She had to admit she looked a mess. As she tried to comb the wetness from her hair, she wondered if Nino would try to get into her pants.
Sal turned the Cadillac into the circular drive and pulled the limo up to the entrance. Lucky made a mad dash up the short staircase.  Entering the lobby, she crossed to the elevators and rode one to the tenth floor.  Standing for a moment in front of the slightly open door, she hesitated before she knocked.
“Anybody home?”
When she received no answer she pushed the door open and walked in.
“Listen, Sharkey,” Nino said.  “I want you to find this guy. You understand?”
While Nino talked on the phone in the bedroom Lucky took the opportunity to go into the small powder room and put herself back together.
“I don’t care how long it takes, just find him. But, you have to make sure when you go for it, it’s a sure thing.”
Lucky used a hand towel to dry her hair. She took a quick swipe of lipstick across her lips. Nino walked past the powder room and did a double take, seeing Lucky trying to brush out the kinks in her hair.
“How’d you get in?”
“The door was open.”
“I forgot you was coming.”
She threw the brush into her shoulder bag.  “If this is a bad time --”
“No, no. What can I get you to drink?”
“Bourbon and ginger.”
She followed Nino into the living room. It seemed quite different from the last time she had been there. She stood at the open terrace door, watching the rain pelting the tile floor. A low gray ceiling hung just over the roof of the St. Moritz and in the distance there was no horizon. As Nino handed Lucky her drink, she watched his eyes trace every curve in her body.
“Mud in your eye.”
“Same to you,” Lucky said. She took a sip from her drink, but it had too much bourbon in it.
“Listen, Mister Morelli, I really appreciate what you did for me today.”
“I told you to quit calling me that. Call me Nino.”
She nodded her head and lifted her glass.  “Here’s to you, Nino.”
“That’s better.”  He looked at his watch.  “Listen, I got to be some place in a few minutes, so we can have just this one drink together.”
Lucky sat down at the end of the couch feeling relieved that the visit would be a short one.
“You ever drive up to Palm Beach along the shore? See all those big mansions?”
“No, I never done that.”
“Well, some afternoon after rehearsal, we’ll take a run up to Palm Beach and maybe have dinner at the Plantation.”
“Yeah, I’d like that,” Lucky replied, knowing she would never go. Nino told her about the Plantation in Hallandale and the other businesses he operated.  When he finished his drink he looked at his watch again. He stood up and reached for her hand, pulling her up from the couch.
“Can I drop you some place?” Nino asked.
“No, I can get a taxi.”
Nino’s hand felt soft like a woman’s.  “Where you going?”
“It’s just a few blocks from here. No big deal.”
He pulled her closer to him.  “You know, you got that certain something about you. Maybe it’s those big blue eyes.”
Ω
By the time Panama and Tad walked into The Finish Line the brief shower had run itself out. The clouds were breaking up allowing a glimmer of the bright blue Miami sky to poke through.  Mostly track people stopped by The Finish Line after work to have a drink and shoot the breeze, trading gossip and stories.  As usual, John had been left to tend the bar by his drunken mother.  He hobbled back and forth, sweating to keep up with the action.  By five o’clock Willie had consumed well over a dozen beers and stood none too steadily at the corner of the bar with her usual buzz, more or less oblivious to her surroundings.  Tad stood at the periphery of the group, his hands in his pockets, feeling like an outsider.  His stomach growled, reminding him he had had nothing to eat but three doughnuts that morning.  Panama sat at the bar watching John fix him a Tom Collins.
“So how’d you like your first day at the track, kid?” John said.
“It was pretty interesting.”
“Well,” John said, “if anybody can teach you about horse racing,” he pointed at Panama, “this is the guy that can do it.”
Willie stumbled over and said, “I hate to break up this little confab, but I need this kid for a minute.”  She put her hand on her forehead, as if she were trying to recapture the thought that escaped momentarily into her alcoholic haze.  She screwed up her eyes behind her perpetual dark glasses and finally remembered.
“Here, kid.”  With a trembling hand she handed Tad a fifty cent piece.  “Run down to the dry cleaners on the corner and pick up my, my...” She searched for the word.  “My dress for the wedding.”
Tad left The Finish Line, turned the corner and walked down Second Avenue.  He trudged along with his head down and his hands in his pockets.  Tad thought of Lucky and what he had seen last night.  It was the first time in his life he felt the allure of a beautiful woman.  Because of his relationship with Panama he was at once attracted and repelled by his feelings. And even though he had never thought much about women and sex his attraction for Lucky got his juices flowing.  His memory of Panama and Lucky, naked in the act of love, made him giddy and he fought the urge to fantasize about having sex with her.
The acrid odor of carbon tetrachloride filled the air inside the Artistic Dry Cleaners.  A wooden counter fronted racks of clothes waiting to be claimed.  A graying elderly woman in a black dress, wearing rimless glasses, scurried back and forth between the racks and the counter carrying clothing, linens, and boxes of folded shirts.  The cheerful ring of the cash register punctuated the brief exchanges between the elderly woman and the customers.  Several people were ahead of Tad, so he stood near the door waiting his turn.
A big black Cadillac pulled up at the corner.  In the back seat he saw Lucky sitting beside Nino Morelli.  He was talking seriously while she nodded her head.  After a moment Lucky got out and stood for a moment with the car door open, exchanging a few last words.  The Cadillac drove off, and Lucky turned and walked down Second Avenue toward The Finish Line.
“Can I help you?” Tad turned quickly back towards the woman at the cash register, still trying to figure out what Lucky was doing in Nino Morelli’s car.
Ω
Panama watched Willie stagger over to the table carrying a bottle of Pabst Blue Ribbon and flop down, banging the crazy bone of her elbow on the side of the booth.
“Well, Lucky, this might be just the chance you been looking for,” Willie said.
“It just might be.”
Lucky had traded her wet rehearsal clothes for a white silk blouse, sheer enough to reveal the outline of her bra.  Panama noticed Tad sneaking looks through the thin fabric.
“How many days you going to rehearse?” Willie said.
“I don’t know.  The opening’s only a couple of weeks away.”
“Was Sally Rand there for the rehearsal?” John said.
“No.  She dances alone.”
“Gee, I wish I could see her dance.  I hear she dances naked.  Is that right, Lucky?” John asked.
“That’s right.  She uses some big ostrich feather fans, and she doesn’t exactly reveal anything.”
“You mean to tell me that Sally Rand dances without a stitch?” Willie asked.
“Completely naked.”
“Well, don’t that beat all.”
John had fixed generous portions of fried snapper, fried potatoes, corn bread, and cold slaw washed down with iced tea and lemon.
“How you like the food, Tad?” John asked.
“It’s a lot better than the beans and bacon my daddy fixed.”
As Tad reached for a second helping of the snapper, Willie began castigating the high society folks from up north, accusing them of ruining Miami Beach.
“All them high falutten debrytants running around, hob-knocking with each other.  It’s a disgrace.”
Not anxious to hear another one of Willie’s tirades, John and Lucky got up and left the table.
“All they want to do is get their damn pitchers in the paper.  Ought to send them all back where they come from.”
Willie swallowed the last of her beer, followed by a loud belch.  “Get me another beer, kid.”
“Yes ma’am.”  Tad got up and went behind the bar.
“Let’s talk about the kid, Willie” Panama said.
At the mention of Tad, Willie came suddenly to life.  “You son of a bitch, you took that kid right out from under me.  I was going to use him to clean up around here.”
“Yeah?  And what were you going to pay him?”
“I wasn’t going to pay him nothing.  Just give him free room and board.”
“Well, that kid’s too smart to work in some broken down saloon.”
“Why the hell you taking such an interest in this kid?”
Panama leaned forward and spoke in a low voice.  “You want him ending up like John?” Willie’s mouth drew into a tight line.
Panama leaned back and said, “I’m going to take him to the track and find him a job.”
“What’re you going to pay him?”
“That’s none of your damn business.”
“Well, goddamn.  If he’s going to sleep here, and eat here, he better pay toward his keep, or work it off.”
“He’s only going to eat one meal a day here, Willie.  That room’s so small you have to step outside to change your mind.”
Willie slammed the bottle down on the table and said, “I don’t give a good goddamn about the room!”
Panama stared at Willie through narrowed eyes.  He knew the first one that talks loses.
“Well, he’s got to do something to earn his keep.” Willie softened up bit, draining the rest of her beer.
 “What do you want him to do?,” Panama asked.
Willie looked at Panama through an alcoholic daze and finally mumbled, “Clear the tables, sweep the floors, carry out the garbage...” 
“Speak up, Willie.  I can’t hear you.”
In a louder tone, she repeated, “Clear the tables, sweep the floors, carry out the garbage, fill the coolers.”
“Okay, he’ll do all that.  Is that all the kid has to do?”
She glared at Panama.
“Well, is it a deal?” he asked.
Tad returned to hand Willie a fresh beer.  Willie looked long and hard through narrowed eyes at Panama and took a long swig from her bottle of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
“Is it a deal, or not?” Panama repeated.
Still frowning, Willie eyed Panama over the raised bottom of the Pabst Blue Ribbon as she drained the bottle in one long pull.
Ω
Tad staggered into the steam-filled kitchen, struggling under the heavy load of a tray stacked high with dishes.  There was barely enough room in the tiny kitchen to hold the sink.  Richard, a black man who had been born in Jamaica, stood up to his elbows in soapy water.  When he saw Tad, he broke into a big grin filled with large white teeth.
 “Hey, mon.  Put them dishes right there,” Richard said in a Jamaican accent.  Tad couldn’t quite make out what Richard said. The black man pulled his hands out of the soapy water and moved some dishes out of the way to make a place.  He wore no shirt and his black skin glistened with sweat.
“Very hot in here, you know, mon?  Make you sweat like a trooper,” he said, laughing at his own joke.  He wiped his sweaty brow, leaving a trail of soap suds on his forehead. “Put them there, mon, put them there.”
Tad began unloading the tray.
“What you called, mon.  What your name?  Me?  I am called Richard.”
The sound of his own name made him laugh again as he plunged his hands back into the soapy water.
“I’m Tad.” The West Indian laughed at his name, too.
“Good, mon.  That’s a good name.”
When Tad finished unloading the tray, he went back to the barroom to finish clearing the tables, wondering why anyone could be so happy washing dishes.
Trapped at the corner of the bar by a drunk in a long shabby raincoat, John listened to a rambling story.  Willie, Tad’s nemesis, sat brooding in a corner booth giving him cold-hearted looks.  He made several more trips into the kitchen and each time Richard saw Tad he would laugh and say, “Put them right there, mon.”
After clearing all the tables, Tad went into the back room and struggled to haul cases of beer and soda pop to fill the coolers.  When he finished, he swept the floor, working around an odd assortment of mismatched shoes and boots.  People treated him like he was part of the woodwork, revealing brief glimpses of their lives, some comical, and some cruel.  More new and bizarre experiences had inundated him in the past twenty-four hours than he had experienced in the whole of his sixteen years living with his father back in Georgia.
Ω
Lucky leaned against the wall next to the kitchen door.  She was smoking a last cigarette before she went to bed. Tad came out carrying a trash barrel and went right by Lucky without noticing her.  She watched him empty the trash into a fifty-gallon oil drum and when he turned around he saw her standing in the moonlight.  He stood stock still, not knowing what to do.
“Nice night, ain’t it.”  She paused to take a drag on her cigarette.  “Come on over here, so I don’t have to shout my lungs out.”
He moved just a little closer to her.
“Well, aren’t you the shy one”, she said as she reached out and ran her fingers through Tad’s hair, looking into his eyes and smiling.
“My, my, don’t you have nice hair.” She took his chin and turned his face toward the light coming from the doorway.
“Why, you’re blushing.  Ain’t you the sweet young thing,” she said as she mussed his hair. She moved off to the side and looked up at the starlit sky.
“Star bright, star light, first star I see tonight.  Wish I may, wish I might, have the wish I wish tonight.” Continuing to stare up at the sky, she said, “What do you wish for?”
“I don’t know,” Tad said, when he found his voice.
“Well, I wish I was rich and famous.”
She flicked her cigarette through the darkness and turned around to look at Tad, still holding the trash can in his hand.  She walked over and sat down on the stoop.
“Sit down,” she said.  “You been working real hard.  Take a load off.”
Tad put the trash can down and sat next to Lucky.
“You’re from a small town in Georgia, ain’t you?”
“Yeah, it wasn’t much of a town,” Tad said softly.
“I was born in New Bedford, Mass.  Left home when I was sixteen.”
“That’s how old I am.”
“Same as me.  Now you’re on your own.  When I ran away, I didn’t know where I was headed, but I made out okay.”
“Panama’s trying to find me a job at the track.”
“Panama sure knows a lot people.  Won’t be no time at all.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Don’t call me that.  I ain’t your mother.  Call me Lucky.”
She looked over at Tad who was staring straight ahead.
“Well?  Do it.  Call me Lucky.”
“Lucky.”
“That’s better.  I’ll call you Tad, you call me Lucky.”  She put out her hand.  “Is it a deal?”
Tad took her hand for only a moment and then let loose.
“You’re kind of shy, ain’t you.”
“Well,” Tad said in a soft voice, “I ain’t never been around a lot people, other than my daddy, who was always drunk.”
Lucky laughed and mussed Tad’s hair again.  “Well, you’re going to be around a lot of people now.”  She stood up and stretched, yawning.  “Guess I’ll hit the hay.” Tad looked up at her. “You better go to bed.  You got to get up early tomorrow.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I thought we agreed to call me Lucky.”
Tad paused a moment, looking as if he was afraid to mouth her name.
“Well, say it.”
“Lucky.”
“Good.  See you tomorrow.”
Ω
At around ten o’clock Concannon picked the lock of Balesteros’s hotel room.  He sat down in an overstuffed chair in a corner of the darkened room as the street light poured through the open window, casting a pallor on the left side of his face.  There was six-drawer chest in the opposite corner with a small lamp resting on the surface.  The only other piece of furniture was the unmade brass bed which sagged in the dim light from the street lamp.  A pillow had been cast on the floor near the bed, and the sheets were a tangled mess.
Concannon removed his jacket, placed it on the bed, and rolled up his sleeves.  It was a hot humid night with no breeze.  He took a drag from the cigarette, watching the dull red glow.
Balesteros had been arraigned this morning and Morris had made bail.  Concannon figured he could talk to Balesteros, threatening him with some consequences if he did not provide some information about the betting parlors that Morelli operated.
The key turned in the lock and the door opened, spilling the light from the hall.  Balesteros stepped into the darkness as he closed the door.  He turned on the small lamp on the dresser.
“How’s tricks, Buddy?” said Concannon.
Balesteros spun around, looking shocked to see Concannon sitting in his room.  He moved back a few steps, placing his back against the wall with his arms like a scarecrow.
“How’d you get in here?” Balesteros asked.
“I picked the lock.  Sit down.  Take a load off.” Concannon put out the cigarette.  Suspicious, Balesteros moved to the bed and sat on Concannon’s jacket.
“Get off my coat,” Concannon said. Balesteros leaped up.  Picking up the jacket he handed it to Concannon, laying it across his lap.
Balesteros backed up and sat down on the bed.  He wore a short sleeved blue and white floral print shirt and a pair of khaki pants. His hair was slicked back, and his large nose stood out in the light from the window, his close set brown eyes nothing more than two dark holes in the semi-darkness.  His narrow mouth formed a straight black line.
Concannon got up from his chair and placed the jacket on the seat.  Turning around, he placed his hands on his hips, staring down at Balesteros.  He moved quickly and took Balesteros by his shirt front and pulled him to his feet.  “If you don’t talk to me, I’m going to bury you.”  He stared in the eyes of Balesteros, seeing fear.
“What do you want to know?”
“I want to know where all Morelli’s betting parlors are.”
“I’m not going to tell you that.”
“Oh, okay,” Concannon said, relaxing his hold.  A split second later his tightened fist punctured Balesteros’ belly below the navel.  Balesteros involuntarily hunched over in searing pain, the blood draining from his face.  It was several seconds before he could get his breath back.
“I don’t know where they are.”
Concannon’s closed fist crashed again into his stomach, this blow coming out of nowhere in the darkness, even harder than the first. Balesteros doubled up again, convulsing in spasms as his hands covered the spot in his stomach where the blows had plunged him into white hot agony. Concannon grabbed his shoulders and spun him around, clasping his neck in a half nelson.
“You going to talk to me?” Concannon squeezed a little harder. Balesteros gasped for breath, his face turning a deep red.  He whispered in a low rasping voice.
“Okay, Okay, I’ll tell you everything. Just lay off.”
Ω
It was after midnight, and The Finish Line was empty.  Panama and Sam sat at a table in the center of the room. Sam had had too much whiskey and was unsteady in his movements.  Panama watched Sam search his pockets for a match to light his cigarette.
“Here, take these,” Panama offered Sam a box of matches.  Sam slid the upside down box open, spilling all the matches on the table.  Unaware of his mistake, he selected a match from the pile.
“Panama,” he said as he lit his cigarette, “what’s it going to take to get you to sign on.”
“Sign on for what?” Sam shook the match with a clumsy gesture.
“You know.  Sign on as my trainer.” The match hadn’t gone out, and Sam dropped it on the floor.
“Sam, we been through this once.  I already told you I ain’t interested in being your trainer, or anybody else’s trainer.  I’m happy doing what I’m doing.”
“There ain’t nobody left, Panama,” Sam said, looking like he was ready to cry.  “Nobody’ll take my horses ‘cause they’re scared of Morelli.  You’re my only chance. And my last chance, if you want to look at it that way.”
Panama shook his head and looked at Sam.  “You’re too drunk to make any deal, Sam.  Go home, sleep it off, and we’ll talk in the morning.”
Panama started to get up, but Sam grabbed him by the sleeve.
“Let go of my arm, Sam,” Panama said, beginning to get angry.
Sam let loose, saying, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I had too much to drink.”
Panama sat down at the table and started to say something, but Sam interrupted him.
“I came to here to get your terms, Panama, and I ain’t leaving until I do.”
“Sam, can’t you get it through your thick head?  I already told you, I ain’t going sign up.  Now, I don’t know whether you’re too drunk to understand that, but I’m telling in words of one syllable.  No.  Get that?  No.”
Sam spoke slowly, “I’ll give you fifty percent of Cakewalk.”
Panama leaned back, closed his eyes and shook his head.  His patience exhausted, he knew the only way he could get Sam to quit hounding him was to make the most ridiculous, outlandish, nonsensical offer.  After thinking for a few seconds, he opened his eyes and looked at Sam.
“Okay, I want a half interest in all your horses, including Cakewalk.  I get the trainer’s fees and a half share in the purses.  Whether Cakewalk does, or does not, get a gate in the Derby I’m going to quit being your trainer after I get him prepped, but I’m going to keep a half interest in everything from then on.”
Sam’s jaw dropped as the blood drained from his face.
Panama said, “You can sit there and think about that while I take a pee.”
Panama went into the Men’s room and closed the door.  Watching the yellow stream arch out over the soiled toilet bowel, he was sure that Sam would not agree to his unreasonable terms.  He flushed the toilet and zipped up his pants. Returning to his seat across from Sam, he waited for his reply.
“Let me get this straight,” Sam said.  “You want half of everything, including Cakewalk, half the purse shares and all the trainer’s fees?  And whether, or not Cakewalk gets in the Derby you quit being the trainer, but from then on you get half of everything, forever?”
“That’s what I said.”
“You think you can sit there like you was some kind of goddamn...”  Sam seemed to be searching the alcohol-deadened reaches of his brain for the appropriate word.
“Sam, you’re in no position to bargain. And Nino Morelli ain’t a very patient man, if you get my drift.”
Sam bit his lip.
“What about it, Sam. You come to any decision?” Sam placed his head between his hands and closed his eyes.
“Okay, Panama.  As you say, I ain’t got no choice.  I’ll draw up a paper for you.”
Panama leaned back and for a moment and shot Sam a look, but couldn’t think of anything to say.  As Sam got up, he looked like he was ready to cry, and turned away, nearly falling over, walking unsteadily toward the door.
After Sam left Panama sat alone, wondering why Sam had agreed to such unreasonable terms.  But, then when Panama looked at it from Sam’s angle, he knew Sam really had no place else to go.


Chapter 6


“What can I do for you gentlemen?”  Kline stood in the doorway to his office, his hands in his pockets. He didn’t appear friendly. Sam stood up with his hat in his hand, looking uneasy.
“Mister McLennan in?”
“No, he took the day off.”
“Can we come inside?”
Kline hesitated a minute, looking at Panama.  He pulled his large red hands from his pockets and turned and walked into his office.  Panama and Sam followed Kline inside.  Kline sat down behind his desk, folded his arms behind his head, and put his feet up.  Sam and Panama took two of the three chairs in front of the desk.  Sam had a despairing look on his face and sat down, turning the brim of his hat through his fingers.
An old man shuffled across the outer office to stand in the doorway.  He looked sheepish and as an afterthought took off his hat.
“Banjo Bailey,” Kline said, “I’ve been looking for you.”
As Kline lifted his feet from the desk he nearly toppled back, and flailing his arms, struggled to regain his balance.
“Yes sir, Mister Kline, that’s what I hear.”
“Well, what’s your excuse this time for Rainy Days?”
Panama watched Kline tense, ready to pounce on Banjo.
“Well, it’s like this --”
Kline leaped from his chair and leaned over the desk, resting his weight on his red bony hands, cutting the little man away from another excuse.
“Listen, Banjo,” Kline said in a loud voice, “you brought that horse onto this track six weeks ago.  He’s had plenty of time to get in condition, so you either put that bag of bones in a race, or haul his ass out of here.  You got nothing but badgers.  If you think the owners of these nags are entitled to track privileges, you better think again.”
Banjo backed away from Kline’s eruption.  Silence fell in the outer office.  Banjo started to say something, but Kline held up his hand.
“I don’t want to hear it.  Either run a horse in a race, or I’ll pull your ticket.” Banjo smiled weakly.
“I’ll sure do that, sir.”  He settled his old hat on his head, turned around and moved quickly out of the office.
“They don’t call him Banjo because he’s got any musical ability,” Kline said as he sat down.  He took a cigar out of a box on his desk.  “So what’s on your mind, Sam?”
“Well,” Sam stumbled along.  “I guess I want to put Panama on as my trainer.”
Kline looked at Panama.  “You going to change from a handicapper to a trainer?”
  “If my ticket’s still good, I guess I want to get back in the training business,” Panama said.
“You want to put Panama on your card, Sam?”
“Yes sir, Mister Kline, I do.”
Kline leaned back in his chair and looked out the window.  “Well, I don’t think it’s a good idea to hire Panama.”
Sam leaned forward and put his hat on Kline’s desk.  “He’s a good trainer, one of the best.”
Before Kline could answer, Panama said, “What’s wrong with my working for Sam?  You got some problem with that?”
Kline leaned forward and stared at Panama, his large hands formed into fists.  “You got a habit of fixing races.”
“What do you mean?” said Panama, beginning to get upset.
Kline leaned forward and said, “You put a machine under the saddle and the Stewards ruled you off for a year.”
“I never put the machine under the saddle.  It was the jockey that did it.”
“Well, if I have anything to say about it you won’t be a trainer at Hialeah.”
Panama knew this was Kline’s last word.
He stood up, and said, “If you feel like I ain’t fit to be a trainer, then so be it.”  He turned to leave, but Sam leaped up and grabbed his arm.
“Mister Kline,” Sam said, “I can’t find anybody else.  After what happened to Harbeck nobody else wants to take the job.  But, Panama, here, after a lot of persuasion, has agreed.”
“You ought to be able to find somebody else,” Kline said.
Sam shook his head.  “I asked everybody, but nobody wants to.”
Sam let go of Panama’s arm and closed the office door, taking his seat in front of Kline’s desk.  Sam pulled a soiled handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped the sweat from his brow.
Kline threw the unlit cigar on his desk, got up, and walked to the window, his back to Sam and Panama.  He turned around, leaned up against the window frame, crossed his arms, and glared at Panama.
 “I don’t know anything about what happened here before.  Maybe you were guilty and maybe you weren’t, but I can’t afford to take the chance of letting a crooked trainer back on the rolls.”
“So help me, God,” Panama said.  “I never broke any of the rules.”
“That was a long time ago.  And there ain’t many people around now who had first hand knowledge, aside from the stewards.”
Sam pulled his chair closer to Kline’s desk and leaned over, clasping his hands together like he was beginning to say a prayer.
“Listen, Mister Kline, I owe Nino Morelli a lot of money.  If Cakewalk can win a few races, I can pay what I owe.”
“How you’d come to owe Nino Morelli?”
Sam looked desperate.  “I borrowed money from him.”
Kline snorted in disgust, looking like he didn’t believe Sam.
“If I don’t find some way to pay Nino back my life won’t be worth two-bits.  You got to help me, Mister Kline.  You got to let Panama be my trainer.”
“So, now I see the connection,” Kline said to Panama.  “If I sign you on, you’ll be in a position to fix races for Morelli, same as before.  Well, it’ll be a cold day in hell before I let you back.”
Ω
“You mean to tell me Kline won’t let you go back to being a trainer?” John said. Panama sat at the end of the bar, drinking straight whiskey instead of his usual Tom Collins.
“He claims I got some connection with Morelli.” John shook his head. “All I ever did was make just the one bet with Morelli.  That’s all.  Matter of fact, I don’t even like the guy.  He gives me the heebie-jeebies.”
Lucky took the stool next to Panama.  “Make mine the same.”
“You had a bad day?” John asked, as he poured the whiskey.
“You bet I did.”  Lucky threw back the shot and made a face.
“What happened?” John asked.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Lucky said.
“You lose your job or something?”
“That little asshole, Jake Green, was all over me like a rug.  He’s trying to get me to quit the line.” Panama looked at Lucky.  Her lips were pressed into a thin line.
John leaned against the bar.  “You hear what happened at the track?”
“No, what happened?” Lucky asked.
“They ain’t going to let Panama back.”
“Back where?”
“You know.  Back being a trainer.” Lucky looked at Panama.
Panama said, “Kline thinks I got some connection with Morelli, and he ain’t going to let me sign on as Sam’s trainer because he thinks I’m going to fix races.”
“Who’s Kline?”
“He’s the Assistant Racing Secretary.  He says since I was seen making a bet with Morelli, I ain’t a good risk.”
“Where’s Sam?” Lucky asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe he’s drunk, or passed out somewhere.”
Lucky shook her head.  “Well, you don’t really want to go back to being a trainer, do you?”
“No, but I let Sam talk me into it.  You know what Morelli will do if Sam can’t pay him back?  He’s likely to break both of Sam’s legs, or maybe even worse.”
Lucky picked up her drink.  “Let’s move to a table.”
Ω
It looked like an ordinary laundry and dry cleaners in a quiet neighborhood on the east side of Miami.  Clothes wrapped in paper hung on racks.  Boxes of shirts, folded linens, table cloths, and other flat goods rested on shelves off to the side.  An old cash register sat on the side of the counter.  A bell mounted on the door announced the entering and leaving patrons.  In the back room, large washing machines, pressers, and dry cleaning vats stood in rows.  A mixed odor of carbon tet and bleach filled the warm air.
Behind this innocent looking business in the back room, Allan Frank stood in the middle of one of Nino’s horse parlors and watched the county deputies put handcuffs on the bookmakers and the patrons.
  Allan was surprised by the amount of equipment in the room.  Blackboards for the various tracks around the country lined the walls.  There were long tables where bettors could study the odds and the Daily Racing Form, telephones, teletypes, and three barred betting windows. Concannon had told Allan where to find one of Morelli’s horse parlors in back of the laundry and dry cleaners, but Concannon was not present.
Ω
“Tony Socks just called,” Sharkey said.  “He says the place in east Miami just got busted.”
Nino was sitting next to Daisy on the balcony eating grilled pompano.  Unaware of the importance of Sharkey’s message, Daisy went right on eating.
Nino stood up and threw his napkin down on the table.
“Jesus Christ.”  He grabbed Daisy, taking her by the nape of the neck, and threw her out of the chair.  “Get the hell out of here,” he yelled.
“What did I do?” she protested, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. Nino drew back as if to hit her.  She raised her arm and cowered, withdrawing from his reach.
“Sister, when I’ve raised hell, you’ll know about it.  Scram.”
A look of panic appeared on her face.  She picked up her purse, walked halfway across the room, and turned to face Nino.
“You’re a no good, mean son of a bitch, Nino.”  And then she turned on her heel and ran for the door, slamming it behind her.
Nino walked inside and began pacing around the large living room.  Sharkey followed Nino and took a seat on the couch.
“This is the last straw,” said Nino.  “I ain’t going to put up with any more of this shit.  How much they get?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe twenty thousand.”
Nino stopped his pacing and put his hands on top of his head.  “Get Judge McBain on the phone.” While Sharkey dialed McBain’s number, Nino fixed himself a stiff drink.
When the judge was on the phone, Nino said “Listen, Judge, you got to find some way to control this guy, Balfe.”
“It’s not up to me.  It’s up to the governor.  He’s the one who appointed him.”
“Don’t high hat me,” Nino said.  “I ain’t some schnook likes to be slapped around.  And, I ain’t going to take no for an answer.”
“Nino, I have really nothing to do with this man.”
“You take my money, which by the way, you’ve been doing for three years, and now you tell me you don’t know what to do?”
“Listen, Nino, I’ll try to find some way, but it won’t be easy.” Nino slammed the phone down.
“After I gave the governor a big piece of cash to help finance his campaign why does he treat me this way?” Nino spent the next half hour drinking one scotch after another, pacing back and forth in the living room of his suite.  “Sharkey, we got to put some heat on this guy, Frank.  Get Sal up here.”
Ω
Over the next three hours, Lucky and Panama put a substantial dent in the bottle of bourbon.  Some of the regulars dropped by the table to shoot the breeze and share the whiskey.  At eleven o’clock the place had emptied, and John had locked up.  At one end of the table a half dozen empty beer bottles stood in front of Willie.  Richard sat on the other side of the table laughing at everything Willie said, although no one else joined in.  Lucky had her arm around Tad and they were listening to John and Panama arguing over who would win the Pennant in the American League.  Bert was pretty drunk and he began to sing a sea chantey. Someone began banging on the door.
“We’re closed,” shouted John. The banging continued. “I said we’re closed.”
A muffled voice said something no one could understand.  John got up and hobbled over to the door and peered through the glass, shielding the light from his eyes.  He unlocked the door and Sam burst through. Sam hurried over to the table and sat down, out of breath.
“Panama.  Panama, I got some good news.”
“What’s the rumpus?” Panama said.
“I called McLennan and asked if I could see him.” Sam poured a substantial amount of whiskey in a glass and took a big gulp.  “He doesn’t understand why Kline wouldn’t let you sign on.  He had looked at the ruling and says that there was some question about whether you, or the jockey, was guilty.  He says you should be given the benefit of the doubt, in those words.”
“Has he told Kline?” Panama said.
“Not till tomorrow.”
In a slurred voice, Bert said, “I can see the look on Kline’s ugly face when he finds out he’s been turned around.”


Chapter 7


A little after six the next morning Panama and Tad had walked halfway across the broad paddock area while Sam waited at the entrance to the tree-lined track leading to the backside.  Sam stood motionless, his hands in his pockets, wearing the same clothes he had on the night before.  His gray color, and red swollen eyes, gave testimony he had not slept a wink.
“Hey, Panama!”  Waving his arms, Jack Hopper walked quickly toward Panama.
“Listen Panama, there’s something real important I got to see you about.”
“Not now, Jack.  I’m on my way to look at Sam’s horses.”
“It’ll only take a minute, Panama.”
“I already told you.  I’m in a hurry.  Whatever you have to tell me can wait.”
Panama left Jack stranded, looking cockeyed.  As he watched Panama walk off, he used the butt of the cigarette he had been smoking to light a new one.
“What’d Jack Hopper want?” Sam said, as he fell into step.
“I don’t know.  He’s just a gossip.”
They followed the dirt track, Sam even on Panama’s left and Tad trailing a step behind on Panama’s right.  Going in the opposite direction, horses pranced along on their way to the track for a workout, or a breeze.  Some posted along at the trot while others cantered with the riders standing in the irons, raising dust with every step.
When they reached the stable area grooms were mucking stalls, dumping wheelbarrows, and spreading straw while horses trailed hot walkers down the shed rows.  The air rang with ‘goddamns’ and ‘go to hells’ and until the words began to lose the shock of their intended profanity.  Sensitive to the frenzied atmosphere, the thoroughbreds got fractious, some kicking out, while others bit anybody that came near.  Even though Panama didn’t want to admit it he began to feel the energy from the sights, smells, and sounds of the familiar spectacle of the backside.
Floyd leaned up against Cakewalk’s stall, fooling with a lead shank.  A tough looking kid, he had a pug nose and close set brown eyes.  He wore a soiled plaid cap and had his pant legs stuffed into his boots.
“How’s it going, Floyd?” Panama said.
“Everything’s jake.”
“Let’s see the colt.”
Floyd looked at Sam who gave him the nod.  Draping the lead shank around his neck, Floyd went inside the stall.  Emerging a few seconds later, he led Cakewalk to the center of the shed row.
A liver chestnut with a small star on his face, he stood sixteen hands.  He looked around, twitching his ears, paying attention.  Panama took him gently by the halter and looked into his clear eyes as he scratched behind Cakewalk’s ears.  The colt put his nose into Panama’s shoulder and nuzzled him, nickering softly.
“How’d he come back after the McClennan?” Panama asked.
“Fit as a fiddle,” Floyd said.
Panama bent down and ran his hands down each of the colt’s forelegs and ankles.  No heat or swelling.  He borrowed a hoof pick from Floyd, and lifting each hoof, picked the frogs clean.
“Walk him by a few times,” Panama said, handing the hoof pick back to Floyd.
The colt had good confirmation, and as Floyd led Cakewalk down to the end of the shed row he seemed quiet and relaxed.  Floyd turned the colt around and headed back toward Panama.  His legs were straight, and he had just the right length in his pasterns.
“Well, Sam, except for small feet, this colt is near perfect.  But, it looks to me like he needs new shoes.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because he’s run down at the heels.”
“He ain’t run down at the heels.  He just had new shoes a few days ago.”
Ω
The colt’s hoof looked like an acorn in the Ferrier’s large hands.  He wore a leather apron split up the middle separating the lower half into two parts and a large bib that covered half his bare chest.  Black hair combined with a full beard encircled his massive head, leaving only a small circle for his features.
After inspecting all four of Cakewalk’s hooves he stood up and said, “Looks like he needs a little lift in back.”
Sam didn’t look pleased.
Kneeling down, Panama said, “What you think about putting a couple of plates with high heels on him?  I think if his heels was raised and his toes was pointed down it might help him run better.”
The ferrier rubbed his jaw and then made another inspection of the colt’s hooves.  “It just might work, but I can’t get to it before noon.”
Sam looked as if he had something to say, but instead he changed his mind and walked off into the shade leaving Panama and the Ferrier in the middle of the shed row to settle on a price.
Panama watched Floyd begin to saddle Cakewalk.  Panama thought about getting Tad hired by another trainer, but now he didn’t think much of the idea.  It would be best to keep Tad close so that he could have some control over what he got into.  Panama knew that Floyd would not be happy taking Tad on as a groom and as for Sam, he had pretty much been left with the impression that Tad was stupid.  He watched Floyd unhook the lead shank from Cakewalk’s halter, holding the reins.
“Floyd, I want put Tad on,” Panama said.
“What do you mean?  Like hire him as a groom?”
Panama nodded.
Floyd draped the lead shank around his neck.  “He know anything about horses?”
“Not much, but he’s quick and he can learn fast.”
Sam said, “Panama --”
“Just go along with me.  It ain’t no big deal adding an extra groom.”
Sam got a pained expression on his face.  “He’s a dumb little shit ass,” Sam whined, “and doesn’t know beans from apple butter about horses.”
“Whoa, old man.  You telling me you got put on this earth knowing everything there is to know about horses? You listen to me - talk like that about him one more time and I’ll cold cock you so fast you won’t know your ass from a hole in the ground.”
“I take back what I said, Panama.  But, if the kid ain’t smart enough to put sugar in the coffee, how in hell is he going to learn about the track?  Besides, we don’t need any more stable help.”
“Well, now you got one more.”
“What the hell is this kid to you, anyway?” Sam took off his hat and mopped the sweat from his brow with a crumpled red bandana.
Ω
Low in the blue sky white billowing clouds sailed slowly along.  The sun had risen above the clouds casting its yellow light on the track making the temperature rise.  Humidity radiated from the lake in the center of the racing ovals giving the air a cloying feeling.
Sam stood beside Tad behind the rail.  Panama had Bert up on Cakewalk and was going to see how fast the colt could run.
“Bert, you see that bunch of palmetto between the quarter and the half-mile markers?” Panama asked.
Bert looked where Panama was pointing.  “Yeah, I see it.”
“That patch of palmetto is exactly four furlongs this side of the eighth pole.  I want you have him in stride by the time you pass that mark.  After you go past the eighth pole, pull him in so when you pass the finish line he’ll be breezing.  You understand?”
A slow smiled spread across Bert’s lined face.  “Pretty slick way to fool the rail birds, mate.”
“Right. Do just like I said.”
Bert nodded and moved off, standing in the stirrups. Panama took a pair of stop watches from his pocket and ducked back under the rail to stand next to Sam and Tad.
“What are you doing with two stop watches?” Sam asked.
“It’s sort of a game. Pay attention and you’ll learn something.”
Bert had Cakewalk in racing stride as he passed the palmetto patch.  Panama started the watch in his right hand.  When Cakewalk passed the half-mile mark Panama started the watch in his left hand.  The colt had a smooth even stride and seemed to fly along without touching the track.  Panama thought he showed good speed, but the watch would be the judge of that.  When Cakewalk hit the eighth pole, Panama stopped the watch in his right hand.  Bert eased back on the reins, and when Cakewalk passed the finish line he stopped the watch in his left hand.
Panama looked at the watch in his right hand.  He couldn’t believe his eyes.  He looked again to make sure he was right.  Forty-five and three for the half.  Amazed that Cakewalk had run that fast, he looked at the watch in his left hand.  The Clocker would record the official time for the workout as forty-seven and two, not bad, but nothing spectacular.
“Now I see what you did,” Sam said, smiling.  “Never thought of that.”
“Yeah, and when Cakewalk gets his new shoes, I’m sure he’ll knock off a fifth of a second.”
Panama slipped under the rail and waited for Bert.
“Mate, this little colt can run,” Bert said, as he jumped off.
“Listen,” he took Bert by the shoulder and pulled him close.  “I don’t want you to say nothing about this to nobody, you got it?  Next time out, you’re going to get a ride and, even better, I’ll put one in the boot for you.”
“Sure thing, Panama.”  Bert moved his index finger across his mouth.  “My lips are sealed.”
Panama led Cakewalk through the break in the rail and handed the reins to Tad.  “You reckon you can find your way back?”
“Yes sir,” Tad said, looking a little uncertain.
Ω
Sitting in his office, the phone cradled in the crook of his neck, Kline fiddled with a bronze paper weight and appeared to be ending his conversation.
Panama and Sam waited in the outer office where three middle-aged women rattled on about “The Philadelphia Story.”  They talked about Catherine Hepburn’s chances and tried to convince each other that she would receive an Academy Award.  Not much work was getting done.
“Come in,” Kline called.
“You talked to Mr. McLennan yet?” Sam asked.
Kline appeared agitated and stared hatefully at Panama giving him the hairy eyeball.  He hesitated a minute, his hands forming into fists, and then he opened the desk drawer on his right.
“Panama,” Kline said as he searched through the contents of the drawer, “I don’t know anything about what happened here before I got this job, and I don’t really care.  You and me are going to start off with a clean slate.  But, if you move a half inch over the line, so help me, God, I’ll pull your ticket faster than you say ‘Jack Robinson’ and it won’t be for just a year. You’ll never work in the state of Florida again. Got it?”
“Fair enough,” Panama said.  Kline put the card in front of Sam, who signed it and handed it back to Kline.  Kline blew on the ink and then gave it to Panama.
“All right,” he said as he looked at Panama’s signature.  “Now, get the hell out of my office.”
Ω
As soon as Tad led Cakewalk off the tree-lined track all the barns and shed rows looked alike.  New faces, the strange odors of fresh hay, acrid sweat and sour-smelling manure flooded Tad’s senses.  The odd collection of people who populated the backside gave him not the slightest notice as he led Cakewalk, trying to find his way.  As he turned the corner of a barn he was nearly run down by an exercise boy posting a horse up the shed row.  Cakewalk reared.
“Watch it,” the rider said as the horse shied, nearly throwing him.  He threw Tad an angry look as he righted the horse and got him going again at the trot.
Tad quieted Cakewalk and began leading the colt down the shed row.  Knowing he was lost, he decided to ask directions and looked around for someone who might be willing to stop long enough to speak to him.  He settled on a black groom currying a chestnut gelding.
As he drew near the hindquarters, the gelding reared.  Cakewalk backed off and tried to pull the reins out of Tad’s hands.  The black groom had all he could do to keep his hold on the lead shank.
“Don’t you all know no better than to come up behind a horse like that?” the groom said as he struggled trying to quiet the gelding.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t know.”
Tad peeked around corners before he stepped out into the shed row and gave each horse he passed a wide berth. After searching for nearly an hour, he stood in the middle of a shed row, turning slowly, trying to figure out where he was.  The colt stamped his hoof a few times, looking around.  He led Cakewalk around one of the barns and saw Floyd standing at the end of the shed row.  As he walked toward Floyd he breathed a big sigh of relief.
“Where the hell you been?” Tad led Cakewalk up and handed Floyd the reins.  He put his hands in his pockets and took a step back.
“I got lost.”
“You got lost.”  Floyd rolled his eyes and shook his head.
While Tad held the reins, Floyd stripped the saddle and blanket from the horse’s back.  He pulled the bridle off and buckled the halter on.  Tad held the end of the lead shank as Floyd hosed down Cakewalk and then squeegeed the water from the colt.  He took the lead shank from Tad.
“Follow me,” Floyd said.
Floyd led Cakewalk into his stall and unhooked the lead shank.  Cakewalk made a bee-line for the feed bucket as Floyd closed the door to the stall.
Floyd led Tad into an empty stall.  Picking up the pitchfork, Floyd said, “Mucking a stall ain’t a mystery.  You start at one end and work through the bedding to get the horseshit and the pissy straw.”
With a few deft motions Floyd went across one half the stall, putting the manure and the rotten straw in a wheel-barrow sitting at the doorway.
“Here,” he said, handing Tad the pitchfork.  “Give it a try.”
Tad began working the tines of the pitchfork through the straw and quickly discovered the deception of Floyd’s physical deftness.  Floyd watched Tad’s fumbling efforts for a few minutes and shook his head in disgust.  He grabbed the pitchfork away from Tad.  As Floyd worked the pitchfork through the bedding, Tad watched closely and could not see anything that Floyd had done that he had not.
“Here.  Try it again,” Floyd said.
Tad worked the pitchfork through the bedding, lifting the manure and wet straw from the floor.  He could tell that his work did not measure up to Floyd’s standards, but he didn’t know what those standards were.  He tried to be careful not to miss any manure, but in spite of his efforts he continued to sense Floyd’s disapproval. Floyd shook his head again.
“When you get done with this stall, do all the rest of them in this row.  When the wheelbarrow gets full walk it down the end of the shed row and dump the manure.  There’s bales a straw down there.  Haul some back here and spread it round the stalls, and then put fresh water in the buckets.”
Tad’s clumsy efforts filling the wheelbarrow made the job take twice as long as it should.  After mucking two stalls the wheel barrow was full.  As Tad struggled to move it into the next stall he saw a thin wiry old man across the shed row.  His old clothes hung on him and he wore a ratty pair of white tennis shoes held together with string.  He was singing Camptown Races with a southern twang in a thin reedy voice.  Tad stood for a moment, listening to the old man.
“Hey,” Floyd called.  “We ain’t paying you to listen to that old man sing.  Get your ass in that stall and start shoveling shit.”
After three stalls, the wheelbarrow was overflowing.  Tad stumbled down the shed row weaving from side to side trying to keep the wheelbarrow level on its single wheel.  Halfway there he lost the balance and it toppled over, spilling manure in a wide circle in the middle of the shed row.
“You clumsy little bastard.  What the hell are you doing?” Floyd shouted at him.  Everybody turned around to stare at Tad and the mess he had made.  A few people snickered.  Floyd stormed over with a wild look in his eye.  “Jesus Christ.  Can’t you do nothing right?”
“It slipped over,” Tad said in his defense.
“Pick it up.  You got half the goddamn shed row blocked.”
The people who had stopped when they heard Floyd’s outburst went back to what they had been doing.  Floyd kept berating Tad as he shoveled the manure back into the wheelbarrow.
“What makes you think you can work here?  There’s plenty a guys knows a hell of a lot more about horses than you do, and they’re looking for work.  Just because you got Panama Boudreaux for a friend don’t give you no special privileges.  You got to do the work, same as all of us do, and if you can’t cut it, then you’re going to be on the outside looking in.”
Floyd stood over Tad, his hands on his hips, obviously taking great pleasure in his loud and public denunciation of Tad’s clumsiness and lack of experience.  Sometime during the tirade Floyd began calling him Tadpole. 
“You finished now, Tadpole?  Well, Tadpole, you better haul that manure down the end of the shed row, Tadpole, and pile it on, Tadpole, cause if you don’t, Tadpole, I’m going to kick your ass.”
Tad felt his face redden with embarrassment.  Nothing like that had ever happened to him before.  He didn’t know whether to stand and suffer the abuse, hoping it would end, or run away.  When Floyd got tired of calling him Tadpole, he turned and left Tad standing helpless.
“Gang way,” someone said behind him.
Tad turned to see the old man who had been singing earlier.  Up close his weathered face was wrinkled and sun worn.  Tad moved out of the way as the old man hoisted the heavy wheelbarrow with hardly a wasted motion.
“Howdy, son,” he said, extending his hand, “you be the new hand in this outfit?”
“I guess so,” Tad said, shaking the old man’s hand, hard and rough from a lifetime of physical labor.
“Well, it’s about time they finally got somebody.  Makes half the work, it does.  My name’s Charley, but everybody calls me Uncle Bull.”
He plucked a bale of straw from the pile with ease and dropped it effortlessly in the wheelbarrow.  He wheeled his barrow back up the shed row humming the same tune he’d been singing before.
Tad put his hands under the baling wire and tried to lift a bale of straw off the stack, feeling the wire cutting into his hands.  He hadn’t mustered enough strength and managed to move the bale only a few inches.  In his second effort, he marshaled all his strength and succeeded in manhandling the heavy bale into the wheelbarrow.  The shock of the straw bale landing toppled the wheelbarrow over on his foot.  Tad had all he could do to stop from crying out.  He fought back the tears that formed in his eyes and gritted his teeth.  He looked around to see if anyone had noticed.  Relieved to find it had gone unobserved he swallowed the pain.  He righted the wheelbarrow and hauled the bale of straw up and over the rim, this time being more careful about how he put it down.  As he hobbled back to the stalls he tried not to limp.
Over the next hour, Floyd continued to find every excuse to berate Tad.  He shouted at him because he hadn’t gotten the stall clean, or he had used too much straw.  When Tad filled the wheelbarrow part way Floyd complained he was making too many trips to the manure pile.
Tad carried a water bucket to the faucet and filled it, but before he turned off the water he put his head under the stream and let the cold water run over his head and neck.
“Well, well, Tadpole,” Floyd said, standing over him, “looks like you can’t stand to be away from the water.  You finished resting?”
Tad stood up, sweeping the water off his face and combing his wet hair back.  Floyd turned with a sneer and walked off.
Ω
“Sam, you only got but three good horses,” Panama said as he walked down the deserted shed row with Sam beside him.  “The rest of ‘em are running in races they can’t win.  They’re running way out of their class.  You’re bleeding yourself dry, Sam.  These nags can’t even pay their feed bills.  And what’s more, I can’t make any money off of run-out horses.”
Panama headed for the shade provided by the overhang.  He took off his trademark hat and wiped the perspiration from the sweat band.  Standing in the middle of the shed row, the sun in his eyes, Sam squinted at Panama not knowing what to say.
“I think we need to put ‘em into some cheap claiming races and get rid of ‘em,” Panama continued.  “Take the money we get and buy three, or four good allowance horses.”
“I can’t do that,” Sam said, following Panama into the shade.
“Why not?  Makes no sense to run horses in races they can’t win.  You got a bunch of cheap claimers running in allowance races and handicaps.  They haven’t got a chance.  I’m surprised you can even get jockeys to ride ‘em.”
“I can’t do that.  I need to keep these horses.”
“Why do you have to keep ‘em?”
Sam looked frightened as he edged closer and spoke softly.  “If I get rid of these horses and raise some money Nino’ll be all over me to get paid.  I won’t be able to refuse him, and then where the hell will I be?”
“So, that’s how it is?  Well, why don’t we at least run them in a race where they have a chance for the purse?”
“The only place they got a chance is in claiming races, and I can’t risk losing them.”
Panama took off his trademark hat and wiped out the sweat band with his hand.  “So, what’re we going to do?”
“We’re going to wait till Cakewalk wins a couple of big purses, but until then I ain’t got no choice.”
“Well, Sam,” Panama said, “if that’s the way it is, then I guess we’re just going to have to wait it out.  But, I’m here to tell you I ain’t making any money.  I understand your situation with Nino, but you gotta understand mine.  When you asked me to take over your stable I expected to make some money off of purses.  I can’t make a living off of three horses.”
“You agreed you’d stay on to get Cakewalk through the preps and into the Derby.”
Panama put on his trademark hat, pulled it down over his eyes, and said, “You’re right, but I didn’t agree to do it for nothing.”
Ω
Tad didn’t know whether he could take any more of Floyd’s abuse, but more than anything, he hated the idea of Floyd calling him Tadpole.  He looked across the shed row and saw Uncle Bull who waved to Him.
“Come on over and sit in the shade.”
Tad sat down next to Uncle Bull, leaning his back against the barn, resting his elbows on his knees.  Uncle Bull pulled a toothpick from his pocket and stuck it in his mouth.
“Where you from, kid.”
“Georgia.”
Uncle Bull leaned his head against the barn.  He had small eyes and a lined weathered face and ears that had lengthened with age.
“Floyd’s a mean little bastard.  You got to give Floyd a wide berth and stay away from his off side.”
Horse flies buzzed, and somewhere off in the distance Tad heard a radio playing.
“How did you get started working at the track?” Tad asked.
“I came up from Tennessee to work in the Rouge Plant in Detroit in nineteen and twenty-five.  Then I got laid off, and I couldn’t find no work, so I drifted around the country with thousands of other working stiffs.  One day somebody said there was work at the race track, and I been mucking stalls ever since.”
He pulled the toothpick from his mouth and pointed it at Tad.  “Sweat-shops.  You mark my word, what Ford done to America is the abomination of the working class.  Beaten down laborers without any rights.”
He stuck the toothpick back in his mouth.  “When times was good, old man Ford paid a decent wage, but when the Depression hit, and business got bad, and folks stopped buying cars, then he began turning the screws.”
“And so what happened?”
“Why, the union went out on strike in thirty-seven, and the scabs and strike-breakers beat up all the picket lines.  I worked for Ford more than ten years and found myself without a job in the middle of the Depression.” For emphasis, he spat in the dust to show his disgust.
“You ride along in one of them cars Ford makes, you can’t hear yourself think.  You got to watch it every damned minute, or they’ll go off the road and kill somebody, maybe even you.  A horse pulling a buggy or a surrey, now that be peaceful and quiet.  A horse may be dumb, but he’s a natural animal.  Don’t pay no mind to people who say a dog is man’s best friend.  People been using horses all through the ages, and you know what?  He be man’s most trusted companion.  Now a horse has got a brain.  You take a horse out for a little run and when you’re ready to go home, just drop the reins and that animal’ll take you right back to the barn, sweet as rain.”
Uncle Bull leaned his head back and closed his eyes, humming a tune, looking like he was ready to doze off.  He dropped the toothpick between his feet.  One end was chewed.
In the distance Tad heard the rumble of thunder.  He watched the large cumulus clouds towering high into the atmosphere.  It looked like there was some rain to follow.
Ω
Allan Frank sat in Joe’s Broadway Deli at the corner of Fourteenth and Washington waiting for Detective Sergeant Concannon.  The seating consisted of a counter at one end of the room, a line of booths around two sides, and tables in the middle.
A typical Miami thunderstorm had started just after Allan arrived.  The rain fell in sheets, making it nearly impossible to see across the street.  He had chosen Joe’s because it was a favorite hangout of the grifters, gamblers, racetrack touts, and other assorted characters that made up Miami’s low life.  He thought the scene would be appropriate for their discussion.
Concannon was one of the few, if not the only, honest cop on the Miami Police Force.  He took his job seriously, and as near as Allan could tell, he was not involved in any of the off-color pursuits in which virtually every other member of the police force engaged in, from the chief to the lowliest cop on the beat.  Allan didn’t know if Concannon’s short tenure with the Miami Police was the reason he had not been corrupted.  There was a certain good old boy network and maybe Concannon, being a newcomer, had not yet had time to get on the pad.
A glance at his watch showed it was a quarter past two.  The appointment had been for two o’clock, but Allan didn’t mind waiting in such colorful surroundings.  He scanned the Miami Herald and read an article about Capone.  He looked around the room occasionally, calculating that half the people in Joe’s were somehow engaged in activities which took them over the legal line.  His particular interest focused on a short fat Italian sitting by himself in a booth across the room eating a sandwich.  In the twenty minutes Allan had been watching, seven people had dropped by the Italian’s table.  It was clear as the nose on his face that he was booking bets.
A black Ford coupe pulled up at the curb.  Concannon jumped out and ran into the restaurant.  In the few steps he had taken to get inside, the rain had drenched his seersucker suit.  He looked around and spotted Allan.
Concannon shoved his huge girth into the booth, saying, “Sorry I’m late.”
“That’s okay. I’ve been entertaining myself watching the guy in that booth over there.”
Concannon took a wrinkled handkerchief from his pocket and turned around to look across the room.
“That’s Tony Socks Guido,” he said as he wiped his face with the handkerchief. “They call him ‘Socks’ ‘cause he always wears white socks.  He’s Morelli’s right hand man in the bookmaking.”
“He’s got to be taking bets.  None of them stayed more than a minute, but I haven’t seen him write anything down.”
“That’s because the guy’s got a phenomenal memory.  He can keep track of a hundred bets in his head.  I don’t know how he does it.”
A waitress tried to stuff a menu in Concannon’s face, but he brushed it aside.
“Just coffee,” Concannon said.
She walked off, looking miffed.
Allan leaned back, propping his elbow on the back of the booth and moving over into the corner so he could have a view of Tony Socks.
“So, you said you’d give me some background on Morelli,” Allan said.
Concannon took his time getting a Camel out of a crumpled pack.  When he looked inside and found it was the last one, he squeezed the empty package into a tight little ball and dropped it in the ashtray.  He turned the cigarette around in his fingers, looking like he was not anxious to smoke his last cigarette.
“In nineteen thirty, there was two mobs in New York.  One was made up mostly of Sicilians headed up by Salvatore Maranzano.  The other faction was headed by Giuseppe ‘Joe the Boss’ Masseria.  A war broke out between Maranzano and Joe the Boss.  When it looked like things were going against Joe the Boss, five of his men, including Joe Adonis, Vito Genovese, and Frank Costello went over to Maranzano.  In April of nineteen thirty-one, Lucky Luciano takes Joe the Boss out to his favorite restaurant on Coney Island where he was shot, but no one knows who killed him.  The word is that he was shot by Joe Adonis, Albert Anastasia, and Vito Genovese.”
The waitress showed up with Concannon’s coffee.  He fired up the cigarette he had been fooling with, drawing the smoke deeply into his lungs and started talking before he exhaled, the smoke escaping with his words in short blue bursts.
“After Masseria got rubbed out, Maranzano gets everybody together and they form the Syndicate.  But in September, four guys disguised as policemen go into Maranzano’s Park Avenue office and kill him.  From there, the mob gets direction from several guys, including Lucky Luciano, Frank Costello, Vito Genovese, and Meyer Lansky.  Our friend, Nino Morelli, who is supposed to be real tight with Luciano, gets the Miami turf, but Meyer Lansky stays involved in everything.”
“What about Lansky?  How does he fit into all of this?”
“Lansky goes way back to the days when he and Lucky Luciano were kids on the Lower East Side.  Somebody told me that Arnold Rothstein gave Lansky his first job in bootlegging during prohibition.
“In thirty-seven, Lansky goes to Havana to run the Monmartre.  After a couple of years in Havana, Lansky comes back and two years ago he opens Gulfstream Park in Hallandale.”
Concannon clutched his coffee cup in a large hand and took a big gulp.
“Yeah, I know about Gulfstream, but what about the casinos in Broward County?  How did Lansky get involved in that?”
“Five years ago Potatoes Kaufman struck up a partnership with Frank Shireman and Claude Litteral.  Litteral’s only got one arm, so they call him the One-Armed Bandit.  Litteral and Shireman own the wire service they brought into a tomato-packing shed near where U.S. One crosses the Dade County line.  They got three things going.”
Concannon ticked them off the fingers of his right hand.  “Number one, they got a horse parlor, number two, they got a gambling casino, and number three, they got a bingo game.  Then one day Vincent Alo, also known as Jimmy Blue Eyes, comes to see Kaufman and offers him a piece of a bigger operation if Kaufman cuts Jimmy Blue Eyes in on his operation.  Jimmy Blue Eyes is a friend and partner with Luciano and also with Meyer Lansky.
“But, then a group of citizens in Hallandale gets an injunction and shuts the place down.  Meyer Lansky finds out the injunction is tied to a specific premises, so he moves next door to another shed.  But, before he does this, he makes substantial charitable contributions to the Elks, the Shriners, the Hollywood Fishing Tournament, and the South Florida Children’s Hospital.  When they open again in late thirty-six nobody files an injunction.”
“But, how do they keep from being arrested for gambling?”
Concannon leaned back in the booth, flashing Allan a big smile.  “They get arrested for creating a public nuisance.  They post a bond and when they don’t show up for trial, they forfeit the bond to the city of Hallandale.  This proves to be a very good source of revenue for the city.”
“Then this off-track gambling is just a small part of a much bigger operation.”
“That’s right, but the real money is in bingo.”
Allan looked thoughtfully into his empty cup.  It all seemed so complicated.
Concannon leaned forward and said, “What Morelli really wants to do is get a piece of the action in Cuba and for that, he looks to Lansky.”
“You think that’s possible?”
Concannon shrugged his shoulders.  “Who knows?  Lansky has certainly got Batista’s ear.”
“So you actually think that Batista will bring Lansky back?”
Concannon looked away.  “I can’t be absolutely sure.”
Allan studied Concannon’s expression and wondered if Concannon knew what he was talking about.  Why would Batista bring Lansky back to Cuba?  He already fixed the problem.  He could make other arrangements through legitimate tourist agencies, so why would he want Lansky involved?  Allan had not come here to discuss Meyer Lansky, he had come to discuss Morelli’s links to the judges and police.
“Concannon, you know, and I know, that Morelli is paying off most of the county.”
Concannon looked at Allan and remained silent.
“Has anyone offered to put you on the pad?”
“Why you asking that question?”
“I just want to know if anybody has offered to bribe you.”
Concannon shook his head.  “I’m not like all those other cops.  I don’t take bribes.  I never took a bribe in my life, and I ain’t going to start.”
Allan looked into Concannon’s eyes trying to see if he was telling the truth.  “I take you at your word, Concannon.”
Concannon leaned back and looked at his watch.
“So, tell me about Morelli fixing races,” Allan said.
“Morelli does it all the time.  He buys drugs from a doctor in Miami named Shultz.  He pays some of the trainers, then he buys the spit box.”
“What’s the spit box?” Allan asked.
“It’s a term used to describe the saliva test they make after the race.”
“That’s a very colorful term.”
“Last Sunday, Morelli paid Harbeck two hundred dollars to spike the horse and buy the spit box.  But, when the horse lost I think he killed Harbeck.”
“Why do you think that?”
“I got an eye-witness,” Concannon said.
“Are you sure?  Did your eye-witness actually see Morelli cut Harbeck’s throat?”
“No, but he saw Sharkey, and Morelli, and a man in a black suit go into the stall.”
Allan shook his head.  “What the eye-witness actually saw was three men go into the stall.  Nothing more.”
“He picked Sharkey out of the mug book.”
“Concannon, you have no evidence that anyone of the three actually killed Harbeck.  They could have gone in to check on the horse.”
Concannon snubbed out his cigarette.  “Mr. Frank, I can feel it in my bones.”
Ω
The sky overhead was gray and cloudy.  The rain had stopped, making the track surface slow and cuppy.  The muddy paddock track had an occasional puddle and the grass was wet from the previous shower.
Leaning against the side of the saddling stall, Panama watched Floyd lead First Class Lady around the small oval.  The colts and geldings made the chestnut filly nervous and she reared up, nearly pulling the lead line out of Floyd’s hands.   A few owners drifted in as the trainers began saddling their horses.  The paddock judge and the vet passed by each horse, lifting their lips to check the tattoos. Panama watched Tad limp toward him.  Looking cowed and beaten, it seemed that Floyd had been pretty tough on the kid.
The jockey strutted into the stall, slapping a riding crop against his thigh and stood next to Sam.  Panama centered the saddle on First Class Lady’s back.  “Now listen, this filly hasn’t got much of a chance in this race, so unless all the other horses look like they’re going to drop dead, I want you to keep her easy.”
Sam frowned.
Panama threaded the tongue of the girth into the buckle and when he pulled up on the strap, the filly kicked out.  “When you get to the eighth pole, if she’s laying anything better than fifth, let her out, but I don’t want to see you hitting her.  You show her the gad but you hand-ride her the last furlong.  You understand?”
“Why you telling him that?” Sam said with a desperate tone in his voice.
Panama turned to Sam.  “She’s outclassed, and she’s too young to be running with the boys.  This here’s a nice little filly.  I don’t want to run her out.  We use this race for a workout, maybe get the odds up on her for next time, and then put her in a race she can win.”
Panama turned back to the rider.  “You do just like I say.”
“Riders up,” the paddock judge said.
Panama gave the jockey a leg up.
    “Take care of yourself,” Panama said, as the filly jogged off.
The jockey left his legs dangling as he knotted the reins.  With the rider up, the filly settled down and knew what to do, following the other horses as they left the saddling area.  The outriders each picked up a horse and headed across the paddock into the dark tunnel as the bugler sounded Boots and Saddles.
Sam handed Panama a piece of paper folded in half.  “Here’s your damned agreement.”
Panama looked at the paper, nodded, and put it in his shirt pocket, intending to study it later.  Sam turned away and started to walk out of the paddock.
“Sam.”
He stopped and turned to face Panama.
“You going to have me as a trainer, you’re going to have to trust my judgment about these things.  I don’t know who put that filly in this race, maybe it was you, maybe it was Harbeck.  But, she don’t belong in this company.”
Without reply, Sam turned and walked out of the paddock, headed for the Grandstand.
Watching Sam go, Panama said to Tad, “Let’s go get us something to drink.”
A young man, who looked to be in his early twenties, planted himself in their path.  He wore a bright red shirt buttoned at the neck and a pair of blue trousers that appeared to be from a suit.
“How’s it going, Bugsy?” Panama said.
“Cashed a ticket on the double.”
Bugsy fell into step with Panama and Tad.
“Betting this race?” Panama said.
“Nah, the seven horse is going to win.  It’ll be an armchair ride, but at four to five, it’s a bad price.  You in?”
“Not me,” Panama said.
“I hear you’re taking over Sam’s whole outfit?” Bugsy said.
“Yeah.  Just saddled my first horse in this race.”
“First Class Lady.  Hasn’t got a chance.”
“Your right,” said Panama, giving Bugsy an approving look.  “Buy you a beer?”
“Don’t mind if I do.”
They stood in line behind three other people.  A big Latin came up and moved into the front of the line, stepping in front of a short guy studying his Racing Form.
“Hey, you big palooka,” the short guy said, looking up.  “Take your turn like the rest of us.”
When the Latin turned around, the man’s head came even with his shirt pocket.  “What you going to do about it, hombre?”  The Latin nudged the man with his belly, moving him back six inches.  “You want to punch me, or something?” the Latin said. The short man grew suddenly silent.
When Panama’s turn came he ordered three Blue Ribbons and handed one to Bugsy and one to Tad.
“Here’s how,” Bugsy said.
Panama watched Tad take a big gulp of beer, making a face at the bitter taste.
Panama and Bugsy talked about the track, while Tad inspected the blisters on his hand.
“The horses have reached the starting gate.  You have two minutes ‘til post time.  Place your bets,” the announcer said.
That was Bugsy’s signal to leave.
“See you around, Panama,” Bugsy said.  “Thanks for the beer.”
Panama watched him head for the betting windows.  “Bugsy’s a bridge-jumper.”
“What’s that?”
“A bridge-jumper is a bettor who makes large show bets on odds-on favorites.”
“But, I thought he said he wasn’t betting anything in this race.”
Placing the empty beer bottle on the counter, Panama put his arm around Tad’s shoulder and smiled.  “That’s what he said.”
Tad limped along beside Panama as they threaded their way through the crowd. Panama said, “Everybody at the track has some kind a little hole in them, kid.”
“One minute till post time, ladies and gentlemen.  Place your bets.”
“Who you think’s going to win?” Tad asked.
“Don’t know.  Haven’t really looked at this race.  Looks like number seven’s the clear favorite.  The crowd has it figured out one time in three who’s going to win the race. Only problem is, if you bet the favorites all the time, the odds aren’t good enough to make you a winner over the long run.”  Panama glanced up at the board.  “Looks like number Seven’s going off at four to five.”
“What does that mean?”
“Well, if you bet five dollars and the horse wins, you get nine dollars back, your five plus another four.  Not really much of a bet.  Crowd’s got the horse bet down too far.”
The bell sounded.
“They’re off.”
Everyone’s attention shifted across the track where the horses had just blown out of the starting gate.  Bunched up, jockeying for position, they thundered down the track into the backstretch.  By the time the horses reached the half mile marker, number seven had a two length lead.
“Looks like seven’s going to win wire to wire,” Panama said.
“I sure hope so,” said an old woman with dyed red hair standing next to Panama.
Number seven kept his two-length lead going into the turn.
“Where’s First Class Lady?” Tad asked.
“She’s boxed in at the rail, running fifth.”
As the horses came out of the turn, number seven began to fade.  Two horses opened a one length lead on the rest of the pack battling for second, and the crowd began to roar.  But the seven horse held onto first place with only a neck to spare.
“If that race had been another hundred yards, number seven would have been run down,” Panama said.
The old woman standing next to Panama threw her arms around him and gave him a big kiss on the cheek and ran off to cash her ticket.  Panama wiped the lipstick off his cheek and looked at Tad, shaking his head.
“Lot of crazy people at the track.  Let’s go see how the filly came back.”
They met Floyd at trackside just as First Class Lady jogged up.  The jockey tossed Floyd the reins and jumped down.  The front of his silks and his face were splattered with dirt.
“Did just like you said, Panama, kept her easy.  She ran around smooth as a morning breeze.”
“Good man,” Panama said, watching as the jockey pulled the saddle off her and headed for the scale.
The photographer took a picture of the seven horse, who stood with splayed legs, head down, looking run out. Sam walked up with a sour look on his face.
“There’s an allowance race coming up this Sunday for fillies and mares,” Panama said.  “I think if we enter First Class Lady, she’ll have a good chance and since she raced today, the odds’ll be real good.”
“Don’t make no sense to run her back in such a short time,” Sam said.
“That’s why I told the jock to keep her easy.  She’s still fresh and looks like she can run again without any trouble.  We’ll give her a couple of days off and then breeze her on Friday and Saturday.  Nothing fancy, just enough to keep her loose and fit.” They left Sam scratching his head with a questioning look on his face.
Panama and Tad walked through the Clubhouse, past the long lines of people waiting in front of the windows.  Bugsy waited in line to cash a ticket.
“See what I mean, kid?” Panama said.  “You got to watch people at the track.  Remember what I told you a while ago?”
“Yeah, like you said.  Everybody’s got some kind of little hole in ‘em.”
Ω
“Charley Griffin was the most funny bloke I ever put the gander on.  You remember Charley Griffin, don’t you Panama?” Bert said.
“You bet I do.”
Bert was dressed to kill.  He wore a yellow and red striped shirt, a pair of pale blue pants, and red cap that matched the stripes in his shirt.  A tall glass of bourbon and ginger stood on the bar in front of Bert, and Panama had his usual, a Tom Collins.
At least a head taller than Bert, Nancy Norgaard stood between him and Panama, weaving back and forth.  Dressed in basic black, she had her arm around Bert to steady herself.  She held a rum and Coke in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
Bert took Panama’s arm and said, “Charlie used to cover his hoppers with Vaseline so’s he could get his boots off easy.”
“I remember that,” Panama said, nodding.
“You remember how Charley rode?  He was a molly dooker.”
“Yeah.  He rode acey deucey.”
“What’s acey deucey,” Nancy asked.
“Acey deucey is a when you ride with the right stirrup shorter than the left.  Charley was a lefty, and it gives you better balance going around the turns.”
Bert took an enthusiastic swallow of his bourbon and ginger.
“Now get this.  It’s a six furlong race out of the chute.  Charley comes out of the gate like it was off with a bride’s nightie.  Going down the backstretch he’s laying either second, or third, I can’t remember, but when they go into the turn, hooley-dooley, the right stirrup comes undone and there goes Charley, bouncing around like a rag doll.  The horse gets confused, switches leads, and takes him to the outside bumping three or four neddies on the way.  And who wins the race?  A fifty to one shot.”
Panama and Bert laughed.  Nancy looked confused.
“What ever happened to old Charley?” Panama said.
“I think he’s riding at Santa Anita, at least that’s what I hear.”
“He was a colorful guy.”
“Yes, he was.”
Bert waved John over.  “What’s the damages, boss?”
Panama reached into his pocket, but Bert held him off.
“No need to chip in, mate.  It’s my shout.”
Nancy downed the last of her rum and Coke and headed for the ladies room with Bert’s eyes following her unsteady progress.
“She’s a nice looking chook.  I think I might give it a burl, try for a hole in one.”
Panama raised his glass.  “Good luck.”
Bert finished his bourbon and ginger and said, “I just heard they scratched Whirlaway from the Flamingo Stakes.”
Panama looked surprised.  “What happened?”
“He popped a splint.  They’re going to pin fire his leg tomorrow.”
Panama pushed his hat back.  “I guess that means he won’t be running any time soon.”
“You’re right, mate.  He sure won’t be ready in time for the Widener.”
If Whirlaway had been scratched, Panama had an opportunity to enter Cakewalk.  “What’s the deadline for entries?”
“Tomorrow.”
Panama began to consider the possibilities.   “I think I’m going enter Cakewalk in the Widener.”
“Mate, it wouldn’t surprise me if he was to salute the judge.”
Panama watched Nancy return from the ladies room, threading her way between the tables, bumping up against some chairs.  As she neared Panama she gave him a big wink.
“Tally ho,” Bert said, as he put his arm around her waist, supporting her as he guided her to the door.
“Another,” Panama said and held his glass up.
The more Panama thought about putting Cakewalk in the Widener, the more he liked the idea.  The competition would be tough, Big Pebble, Haltal, and Bimelich were the horses to beat.  But, if Cakewalk could beat two out of the three, he would attract attention.
John set the Tom Collins in front of Panama.  Panama put out his cigarette and walked to the back of The Finish Line.  He dropped a nickel in the slot and dialed Sam’s number, hoping to find him in.
Ω
“Sam, I already told you.  Breeding ain’t no guarantee that a horse can go the distance,” Panama said.
Sitting next to Panama at the bar, Sam struggled with trembling hands, trying to light a cigarette dangling from his lips.  Behind the bar, John followed Sam’s every movement.  The match burned Sam’s fingers and the cigarette dropped on the bar, rolling into a small puddle.  He struck another match, picked up the damp cigarette, and lit it.
Panama’s patience was coming to an end.  “Sam, you know Cakewalk got a bad ride from Jimmy Byrnes.”
Squinting at his drink, the smoke got in Sam’s eyes. Panama knew that he had to convince Sam while he was still rational.
 “Here’s what I got in mind.  They scratched Whirlaway from the Flamingo Stakes.  Looking at Big Pebble’s performance in the McLennan Memorial, it’s a cinch they’re going to run him back in the Widener.  With his speed, I think the Widener is the perfect chance for Cakewalk to prove he can go the distance.  It’s a mile and a quarter, same as the Derby.  I think he has a better than even chance to win.  Even if he doesn’t win, if he hits the board, it’s sure to get him a gate.”
Sam tried to change his position on the bar stool and nearly fell off.
“Listen, old man, you better straighten up and listen to what I’m telling you.”
“I’m hearing you okay,” Sam said, dropping his cigarette on the bar.
Fearing it would sear the varnished surface, John picked it up and put it out.
“There’s some pretty tough competition in that race,” Sam said, as he rubbed the smoke out of his eyes.  “What about Haltal, and Bimelech?”
“You think the competition in the Derby’s going to be any easier?  If he can’t beat these horses, then we’re chasing smoke.  The best competition would have been Whirlaway.  The only other horse that can give Cakewalk a run for the money is Big Pebble.”
“That’s the Colonel’s horse,” John said.
“That’s right,” Panama said.  “I looked over the sheets this afternoon, and as near as I can tell Big Pebble is coming down in form.  If he’s sharp, then he’ll beat Cakewalk.  My guess is because Big Pebble’s a four-year-old, the track Handicapper’s going to load him up.”
“How much weight you think he’s going to put on him?” John said.
“I don’t know for sure, but at least one hundred and twenty four pounds.  And, I think he’ll do the same for Haltal, and Bimelech.”
Panama looked at Sam, who was staring down at his dusty boots.  Alcohol had begun to cloud Sam’s mind, and Panama knew he had to get an agreement about the Widener.  He took a deep breath, knowing he was running out of time.
“We got to put this horse up against some tough company.  Our only chance is to show he can beat some good horses, and this is the way to do it.”
“How much weight you think the Handicapper’ll put on Cakewalk?” Sam asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe one hundred or one hundred and five.  But that’s just my guess.”
“Fifty thousand added is a big purse,” Sam said, slurring his words.
“That’s right.”
“When do you have to enter?” Sam asked.
“Tomorrow.”
“You got anybody to ride him?”
“Nobody yet, but I’m thinking maybe I’ll try to get Bert Trevellian.”
Sam thought about that for a while and took a deep breath.
“Well, you’re the trainer,” he finally said.  Sam picked up what was left of his money and got up off the stool, steadying himself with one hand while he got his bearings.  “See you tomorrow.”
John watched Sam stagger out the door.  “That guy’s turning into a real drunk,” he observed, shaking his head while wiping off the bar.
Ω
Nino and Larry Morris had been feasting on a bucket of stone crab, which was now nearly empty.  It had been accompanied by lyonnaise potatoes and a chilled bottle of Mersault.
After the war, Joe Weiss and his wife turned an old frame house just around the corner from The Finish Line into a restaurant specializing in stone crab.  They named the restaurant “Joe’s Stone Crab,” which was not a big surprise.
The two men sat, coatless, alone at a table for four with their collars unbuttoned.  It was an unseasonably warm evening and the beginnings of a gentle breeze, cooled by the waters of Biscayne Bay, blew through the open windows.
“Getting Balesteros off isn’t going to be easy,” Morris said, wiping his mouth.  “The evidence is very compelling.  There’s the testimony of a detective who placed a bet with Buddy in broad daylight in front of at least fifty witnesses.  With his record, I’m afraid Mister Balesteros is going to do some time.”
Sal made his way between the crowded tables.
“Can’t you put the fix in?” Nino asked between mouthfuls.
Putting his fork down Morris replied, “Why would you want to spend anything on this case?  It’s open and shut.  He took a bet from a detective, for God’s sake?”
“That’s what I’m paying you for.”
Morris let out a big sigh and shook his head. Sal sat down at the table.
“I can do the difficult, but if you want the impossible you had better hire a magician.  With that said, I’m going to take a leek.”  Morris got up, threw his napkin down on the table and walked off.
Sal leaned forward.  “They scratched Whirlaway from the Flamingo Stakes on account of a popped shin.”
Nino frowned.  “You mean a popped splint.”
“Yeah, that’s it.  Boudreaux’s going to enter the horse in the Widener.”
Sal stuck his hand in the bucket, but Nino slapped it away.
“You mean Cakewalk?”
“Yeah, that one.”
“Jesus, he don’t mess around.”
Nino thought for a moment as he rubbed the scar over his eye, wondering how he could turn this into some kind of opportunity.  He knew Boudreaux well enough to know he wouldn’t enter the horse in the Widener unless he thought he could win.
“Call Tony Socks right now and ask him if Cakewalk --
Never mind.  I’ll call him myself.”
As Nino got up from the table, Sal sneaked a crab claw from the bucket. Nino knew he could depend on Tony to give him a straight answer.  Besides, next to the track handicapper, Tony Socks was the best.  If Tony Socks said Cakewalk had a chance in the Widener, Nino would believe him.
Ω
As Lucky walked past Tad’s door she saw him sitting on the side of his small bed, studying his hand.  He had taken the sock and shoe off his right foot, exposing a red and swollen bruise on his instep.  She looked at Tad and could see he was in a lot of pain and tried to figure out if she should offer to help.  A few steps took her into the small room.
“You probably got some blisters,” Lucky said.
She took Tad’s hand and pulled him to his feet, their bodies nearly touching in the narrow confines of the room. She could smell the odor of the track.  “Come on next door.  I got some cream for your hands.”
She led him into her room and sat him down on the bed.  His thin red hair fell before his eyes as he watched Lucky rub the cream on his blistered hands.
“You ain’t never done any hard work before, have you?”
“Not so’s you’d notice.”
She smiled and said, “Give me your other hand.”
Tad looked up, and their eyes met.  Lucky could see that Tad was not happy.
“There, that’s better, ain’t it?”
Lucky looked down at Tad’s swollen foot.
“How’d that happen?” Lucky asked.
“Wheelbarrow tipped over.”
Lucky felt chills run down her spine.
“Must have hurt like hell,” she said, as he knelt down and gently rubbed his foot.  Tad pulled his foot from her grasp.
“Might be broken,” Lucky said.
“You think so?”
“Can you walk on it?”
“Yeah, but it hurts a lot.”
She got up and sat beside him on the bed.  Tad stared down at his foot, a worried look on his face.
“You want to tell me about the track?”
Tad looked up at her and then turned away, looking like he was about ready to cry.
“It ain’t nothing like what I expected,” Tad said, keeping his eyes off Lucky. “I guess I thought it would be fun working for Panama, but he put me to work for Floyd.”
“Who’s Floyd?”
“He’s a groom, works for Panama.  Keeps calling me Tadpole.”
Lucky put her arm around him and pulled Tad closer to her.  “After a while, it ain’t going to be so bad.  You’ll get used to it.”
She placed her hand on his cheek and turned his head.  “Tad, you got to promise me you’ll stick it out -- no matter what.”
When Tad looked at her with those big brown eyes, she felt something stirring inside her.
“It ain’t going to be easy, Lucky.”
“Just hang in there, Tad.”
She felt an urge to hug him.  As if he read her mind, Tad got up quickly, not knowing what to say. He turned and moved toward the door.  When he reached the threshold, he stopped and turned to face Lucky. “Thanks for the cream, Lucky.”
“You’re welcome.”
After Tad left, Lucky got up and went to the window, pulled the curtains aside, and looked up at the moon in a starlit sky.  She thought about the feelings she had for Tad. Maternal feelings were something new to Lucky. She had no warm memories of her own mother, but something was stirring in her that she had never experienced before. She stood quietly at the window for several minutes, the moonlight bathing her face in an opalescent glow that gave her skin a luminance that seemed to come from within.


Chapter 8


“Well, ain’t you the pretty one,” Lucky said, smiling.
For once in her life, Willie looked presentable.  She wore a navy blue linen dress and had washed her hair, arranging it in soft waves in contrast to the usual stringy strands which hung about her face.  She wore stockings and blue and white spectator pumps, but the proverbial pair of dark glasses still rested on the bridge of her nose.  It was Sunday, the wedding day of her dead husband’s daughter.
“You really think I look nice?” Willie asked.
“You look like a movie star.”
Willie smiled and stood up a little straighter.
“Move over,” she said as she slid into the booth next Lucky.  “I ain’t going to have a beer, because they would smell it on my breath.”  Willie poured herself a cup of coffee and said, “Wish I could be at the track today.  Watch Panama’s filly run.  What’s her name?”
“First Class Lady,” Lucky said.
“Would you put a bet down for me?” Willie asked.
“Sure.”
“Me too,” John chimed in from behind the bar.
Willie reached into her purse and pulled out a twenty, which she handed Lucky.
“On the nose.”
“Here’s fifteen dollars.  Bet five across the board,” John said, putting the money down on the bar.
“Now John,” Willie said, “you better take care of things.  Don’t let it get away from you.”
John closed his eyes and shook his head.  “Ma, if we’re real busy, I can get Richard to handle the grill.  Tad’ll clear the tables and wash the dishes.”
“You been warned,” Willie said, standing up, finishing the last of her coffee.
As Willie walked out the door, Lucky took John’s hand and said, “Keep the faith, John.”
He looked at Lucky and said, “What’s left for me to do?  If I keep doing what I’m doing, it’s unlikely I’ll ever get the saloon.  Willie’ll sell this place as quick as a flash, and then where will I be?”
“I’ll get Panama to talk to her.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t think Willie’ll listen to anything Panama has to say.”
Ω
Low-hanging clouds, driven along the horizon by an off-shore breeze, promised a clearing in the afternoon but for now the day seemed dreary and grim.  The waters of Biscayne Bay looked gray and sullen, slapping angrily against the rocks that lined the roadbed’s edge of the County Causeway.
Panama’s mood matched the weather.  He had not put the top down as he normally did and silence replaced his usual morning banter.  He rode the whole way smoking one cigarette after another, keeping his thoughts to himself.
Horses were not fed on race days.  Thoroughbreds were not particularly bright, but they conditioned easily, so when they get neither hay, nor grain, the message was clear.
First Class Lady paced around the stall, snorting and pawing the ground, kicking out at anything in sight.
“That filly is going to run this race in her stall before she ever gets to the starting gate,” Panama said to Floyd.  “Walk her around a little to quiet her out.”
Floyd took her out of the stall and walked her up and down the shed row while Panama leaned against the barn with his hat tipped forward, hiding his eyes, making an endless succession of slip knots in a lead line.
After the filly made a few passes, Panama draped the shank around his neck and joined Floyd.  Panama had been out earlier to have a look at the track, running the dirt through his fingers, squeezing it in the palm of his hand to check the consistency.  A shower the night before had made the racing surface cuppy.
“I don’t think they’re going to post the track as slow,” Panama said.  “Probably the rating will be good.  If it was slow we might want to think about changing her shoes, but changing shoes at the last minute is a risky business.”
“With the track like it is, she’ll run down at the heels.”
Panama nodded.  “You’re right, Floyd.  We ought to put some wraps on.”
They reached the end of the shed row and turned around.  The walk was having the desired effect on the filly.  She sneezed a few times, an indication she was relaxing.
“Panama.”  Jack Hopper hurried down the shed row, the ever present Lucky Strike dangling from his lip.  He paused to light a new cigarette from the one he had been smoking.
“What’s on your mind, Jack?”
“I hear you changed the feed order.”
“Yeah,” Panama said, “I’m going to switch to alfalfa and a better grade of oats.”
Jack stepped in closer to Panama and looked around to see if anyone might hear what he was about to say.  “Listen, Panama, I got a little proposition for you.”
“What sort of proposition?”
“You know, a proposition on the feed bill.”
“Jack, you got to be more clear, because I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
Jack inched closer to Panama, leaning over him as he said in a low voice.  “If I was to bump up the prices, say about ten per cent, then you and me could split.  Each take five.”
Panama looked up at Jack’s scrawny face and settled his hat more firmly on his head.
“Jack, I may not be getting along real good with Sam, but I don’t do business that way.  You and me, we do it straight down the middle.  I ain’t going to steal money from Sam.  That ain’t the way I work.”
“Five percent,” Jack said.  “That could be a nice piece of change.”
“Well, it ain’t my style, Jack.  You sell me the grain and hay at a fair price, and I’ll do business with you.”
Jack looked disappointed.  “If that’s the way you want it.”
“That’s the way I want it.”
Ω
When Boots and Saddles sounded for the fourth race, Floyd led First Class Lady into the saddling area.  It was an allowance race at a mile for three year old fillies.  Winners of one race that year went off at 115 pounds.  Non-winners of a race got a five pound weight allowance, while winners of more than one race got an additional two pounds added.  First Class Lady was the only entry who qualified for the weight allowance.
Panama smiled as he watched Sam walk across the paddock wearing a new suit and tie, and he knew that Sam anticipated getting his picture taken in the winner’s circle.  Sam’s red eyes, and none too steady gait, couldn’t hide the fact that he’d had a lot to drink the night before.
“Thirteen to one,” Panama said as he put the pad on the filly’s back.  “Looks like the fans are laying off ‘cause there’s only been five days from her last start.”
Bert and the paddock judge arrived at the same time.  While Floyd held the struggling filly, the paddock judge lifted her lip and compared the number from the tattoo to the number on his clipboard.
Panama leaned close to Bert while he cinched up the girth.
“Listen, here’s how I want you to ride this race.  I want you to get out in front, maybe one, or two, and hold that position.  If you’re number one, don’t open up more than half a length lead.  Just keep the pace and hold the position.  I think this filly’s got enough speed and bottom to win wire to wire, but I don’t want to see her used up too soon.  She’s a little jumpy.  She sees any other horses in front of her, she won’t go past them.  That’s why we need to keep her in front all the way.”  Panama leaned over to whisper in Bert’s ear, “I’m going to put one in the boot for you.”
Bert smiled, stood a little straighter and hiked up his pants.
“Riders up,” said the Paddock Judge.
    Floyd held the filly, while Panama gave Bert a leg up.
“Take care of yourself,” Panama said.
Ω
In his pocket Tad felt the presence of the small square of carefully folded one dollar bills giving him a comforting, if unfamiliar feeling.  It was the first money he had ever earned.  Tad hated to part with any of those dollar bills.  He had worked hard for that money, sweating in the hot Florida sun, and listening to Floyd call him Tadpole.  Panama had given Tad some good advice:
“All horse races were a gamble, no matter how good the horse.  Any horse, no matter how fast, could break a canon bone, get boxed in at the rail, or bump another horse in the race, and be disqualified.  In a horse race, anything can happen.  If the board don’t give you at least three to one, pass the race.”
He looked up at the board.  The odds were thirteen to one, much better than he had bargained for, but he still felt reluctant to make a bet.  After a few minutes, the odds dropped to twelve to one, and then like lightning, they changed to ten to one.
“The horses have reached the starting gate,” the announcer said.
Tad made his decision and headed for the two dollar window.
Panama had said, “Always check your ticket before you leave the window.”
As Tad’s turn came at the window, he took a final check at the board and the odds were still ten to one.
“You want to make a bet, or you going to stand there all day,” the man behind the window said.
He put two singles on the counter.  “Two dollars on Number Six to win.”
Tad looked at the ticket to make sure it was right.
“Step aside, kid.  There’s a lot of people out there waiting on you.”
Tad folded the ticket and put it carefully in his pocket, nestling it next to the eight remaining dollars from his week’s pay.  As he walked toward the rail he squared up his shoulders feeling a little taller.
He felt someone tap him on the shoulder.  He turned to see Lucky smiling at him.  Dressed in a light blue shirt open at the neck and a pair of jeans, she took him gently by the arm.
“Who’d you bet on?” she asked.
“First Class Lady,” he said, wondering why she thought he would bet on any other horse.  “You put any money down?”
“Twenty bucks on the nose.”
As she put her arm around Tad’s shoulder, she told him how she had made bets for Willie and John.  They walked together toward the rail.  “You getting along any better with Floyd?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
Lucky stopped and took both of Tad’s hands in hers.
“How’s your hands?”  She looked down at the scabs.
“Getting better.”
“After we get back to The Finish Line, I’ll put some more cream on them.”
As she passed her fingers over the scars, he stole a glance at Lucky.  They were nearly the same height.
“You excited about the race?” Lucky asked.
“Well, I don’t think Panama would put First Class Lady in a race she couldn’t win.”
Lucky laughed.  “You’re catching on, Tad.  You got all this pretty well figured out.”
“One minute to Post Time.”
Panama appeared out of the crowd and stood next to Lucky.
Tad glanced at the odds.  They were holding at ten to one.  He sneaked a look at Lucky and saw that she and Panama had their heads together, speaking softly.  Panama looked intently in her eyes, studying her words.  Then a smile broke out on his face, and his pale brown eyes danced.  He moved his hand to give her ass a few gentle pats before hooking his thumb in one of her belt loops, as she inched closer into the semi-circle of his arm.
“And they’re off.”
Tad watched the horses as they scrambled for position out of the gate.  Bert gave First Class Lady a few whacks with the whip to get her out in front.  As they started into the Clubhouse turn, she was laying a half length ahead, and Bert had started rating the horse, standing up in the irons.
“Out of the Clubhouse turn and into the backstretch, it’s First Class Lady by half a length.  Struggling for second, Chocolate Annie, Jane’s Girl, and Baby Doll.  Running fifth by two lengths is Angelique, and four lengths back in last place are Billie Baby and Jezebel.
“First Class Lady continues to hold a half-length lead through the stretch.  Jane’s Girl is second, and half length behind running third are Chocolate Annie and Baby Doll.  As they go into the far turn, it’s still First Class Lady by half a length, with Jane’s girl running second, and Chocolate Annie, and Baby Doll even at third.  Angelique has faded and at the top of the stretch, it looks like Jane’s Girl has squeezed First Class Lady into the rail.  First Class Lady is stumbling, falling back.  Across the finish line it’s Jane’s Girl first by two lengths, First Class Lady a distant second, Chocolate Annie third, and Baby Doll fourth.”
Ω
Panama stormed across the paddock area, heading for the steward’s office.
“Ladies and Gentlemen.  Please hold all tickets.  An objection has been filed.”
There were three Stewards who had the power of life and death at the track, and were sometimes referred to as The Three Wise Men.  One of the Stewards, Whitey Whiteside, was appointed by the State Racing Commissioner.  The other two, George Williams and Ben Murphy, were appointed by the track owners.
When Panama burst into the office with fire in his eye he confronted Whitey Whiteside.  A short man wearing a pair rimless spectacles magnifying his blue eyes, he was dressed in a black suit and a white shirt without a tie.  He put up his hand.
“Hold your horses, Panama.  We saw it.  We saw the violation.  Now calm down and get out of here, so we can make a decision.”
“What’s it going to be?” Panama said.
“Hey, Panama, let me have a little elbow room,” Whiteside said.
“If you don’t get the hell out of here,” said Murphy, “were going to file an objection against you for ungentlemanly conduct.”
Panama went out the door and stood waiting for the decision.
Within three minutes the announcer said, “Ladies and gentleman, Jane’s Girl will be placed last.  First Class Lady is the winning horse, Chocolate Annie is second, and Baby Doll is third.”
The door opened and Whitey Whiteside stepped outside followed the other two stewards.
“Satisfied?” Whiteside said.
“I sure am,” Panama said as he shook each of their hands.
He hurried across the paddock headed for the winners circle.  On his way, he saw the payoffs flash on the board: $22.50, $14.40 and $8.20.
Ω
Panama slumped lazily in the corner of the seat, cruising along with the top down.  Lucky sat between Panama and Tad leaning back on the seat with her eyes closed, letting the wind rush through her hair.  Her arms were stretched out on the back of the seat, spreading the neck of her shirt, exposing the rift between her breasts.  Tad kept stealing furtive glances.
A week’s work under the Florida sun had burned Tad’s pale face, his hands were scarred with bruises and cuts, and there was a small rip in the elbow of his shirt.
“Bet you had a case of heart failure when you saw her drop back,” Panama said to Tad.
“I sure did.”
Panama laughed.  Lucky sat up and smiled at Tad.
Panama turned the Lincoln onto NE Thirteenth, headed for the County Causeway.
“Your daddy ever talk about the times we had in Miami?” Panama said.
“No, sir, my daddy never talked about much of anything.  He just sat and drank moonshine every night until he passed out.”
Panama pulled up at a stoplight.  A few drops of rain fell on the windshield. While they waited for the light to change, Tad fished a pack of Chesterfields from his shirt pocket.
“When you start smoking?” Panama asked.
“I don’t know.”  Tad took a quick glance at Lucky.  “Maybe a couple days ago.”
“Give me one of those,” Lucky said.
Tad lit her cigarette first and then his own.
“Can you tell me anything about my folks?” Tad asked.
“Well, Emily was from Miami,” Panama said.
“I didn’t know that,” Tad replied, expressing surprise. “Where she was from.”
“After the war your daddy kind of expected his mama to give him a job at The Finish Line, but by that time John was already there, and him being crippled from the war the way he was, there weren’t no room for Jimmy. So, your daddy got a job at the track as stable help. That’s where I met him, and we got to be pretty good pals. Him, and your mama, and me used to spend time together, going to dance halls and down around the Keys. Not too tough to have a good time around here when you ain’t got a lot of money. There’s lots a things in life that’s free.”
“The best things in life are free. Says who?” Lucky wisecracked.
The light turned green, and Panama shifted into first gear.
“What was my mama like?”
Panama hesitated before he answered. “Well, she was mighty pretty.”
“Yes, sir, I can see that from her picture.”
“Your daddy never told you anything about her?”
“Like I said, all he did was come home and get out the whiskey.”
“Well, she was real pretty and was real nice to me.”
“First thing I’m going to do when we get to The Finish Line is take a nice hot bath.” Lucky threw her cigarette out of the car and leaned back, stretching her arms on both sides, resting them on the seat tops.  She yawned as she closed her eyes.
“How you like working on the backside?” Panama said.
“It’s okay,” Tad said, without a great deal of enthusiasm.
“How you getting along with the people?”
“They’re okay.”
“You and Floyd getting along okay?
“Sort of. He don’t seem to like me much,” Tad said.
“I hear he’s been riding you pretty hard.”
Tad took a quick look at Lucky, suspecting she had told Panama. “You might say that.”
“He’s a mean little bastard, but he knows his horses, and he knows the track.”
“That’s what Uncle Bull called him.”
“What?”
“A mean little bastard.” Tad tossed his cigarette out of the car.
Panama smiled. “Guess it ain’t no secret.”
Ω
“How much you win, kid?” John asked. Tad looked at John.
”Twenty dollars,” Tad smiled, wishing he had bet more.
John took the money from his shirt pocket, and waved it in front of Tad.
“I made nearly a hundred bucks.” The happy expression on his face faded away. “I wish I could have been there,” he said, looking dispirited because he had stayed behind to tend bar.
They had finished one of John’s fried dinners. In a booth, still wearing her wedding outfit, Willie was reading the funny papers. She sat next to Panama while John and Tad sat across the table.
“Listen to this,” Willie said as she put down her beer and grasped the paper with both hands, reading the comic strip “Bringing Up Father.”
Tad sort of enjoyed listening to Willie, but Panama and John, unable to carry on a conversation over the sound of Willie’s fog horn voice, were condemned to listen.
“One of the bum’s reads the letter, ‘Come up an’ open the skylight -- will give the party that finds this letter one hundred dollars -- have been locked out all night -- imperative -- am in distress.’
Willie put the paper down. Panama looked at John, rolled his eyes, and got up from the table.  Willie took a swallow of beer before she continued reading.
“Father says, ‘Well -- At last! Someone’s answering me call -- I hope that it isn’t the cops.’
That brought a chuckle from Willie and Tad.
“The other bum says ‘don’t bother searchin' him -- just take his suit.  It’ll save time.’
“The bums leave and they say, ‘Now don’t move ‘til we shut the lid -- so long buddy.’
“Father says, ‘Say -- do you guys know its cold up here?’
John lifted himself out of the booth, put his crutch under and went behind the bar.
“Then there’s Misses Jiggs talkin’ to her friends.  One says, ‘Oh I think it’s a lovely idea for Mr. Jiggs to build a penthouse on top of this building.’
“Another lady says, ‘Yes. I imagine the view must be beautiful.’
“Misses Jiggs says, ‘Yes. We’ll go right up.  It’ll be lovely to take my sun baths.’
“When the ladies open the skylight and see Father in his underwear, one says ‘Heavens! Your husband has started to take his sun baths already.’
“Father is there with his umbrella upside down, ‘Oh, hello.  I’m just practisin’ a little putting darling.’”
Willie put the paper down.
“I swear, I don’t know where that McManus gets his ideas. He must of been hiding out watching my dear departed husband.”
Ω
In the ratty bathroom shared by all the borders, a chipped porcelain tub rested on three claw feet, the fourth leg was half a brick. A single window let in the light from the afternoon sun. It was narrow room with a wood floor, and the cracked mirror was hung over the soiled wash basin.
Lucky settled herself slowly, letting the warm water ripple over her dark skin, and felt the heat soak into her tired muscles.
She had cashed a ticket worth $450.  Not bad for a day’s work. She would go to Lincoln Road and buy some new lingerie, brassieres, panties, and one or two slips, and then she would buy a nice dress, something made out of silk.
She moved her long slender legs and watched as the warm water washed over them. Lying back in the tub, she closed her eyes and tried to imagine herself in a penthouse suite with a marble bath, a bucket of champagne chilling in the beautifully decorated living room waiting for her when she finished her bath. Someone banged loudly on the door.
“What the hell you doing in there?” a voice intruded.
“I’m taking a bath!”
“You been in there almost an hour. How much longer you going to take?”
“As long as I want. Write your congressman!”
Ω
Deborah DeMornay had dragged Allan to a dinner for the benefit of B’nai B’rith held at The Sands Hotel on the corner of Sixteenth and Collins.  Deborah was wearing a black sequined strapless gown, which clearly displayed her décolletage.  She had married an older man, and when he died of a heart attack she came into a sizable inheritance of two million dollars. Since then, she had traveled extensively in Europe. Now, she was romantically drawn to Allan Frank. She seemed particularly animated and kept putting her hand on Allan’s shoulder.
In the space of over an hour, the guests had been imbibing freely, and Allan was beginning to grow somewhat impatient, wondering if they really planned to serve dinner.
When the first course finally arrived, Allan and Deborah were seated at a table for six together with Doctor and Mrs. Silverman, Rabbi Goldberg, and Steve Jacoby, a reporter for the Miami Herald.  Except for Rabbi Goldberg and Allan, the rest of the people at the table were tipsy.  Steve Jacoby had been consuming wine at a prodigious rate, yet he showed no effects of his massive intake of spirits.  Dr. Silverman spoke with slurred speech, while next to him his wife kept nodding off. Dr. Silverman and Rabbi Goldberg were discussing the fate of the Jews at the hands of the Nazis.
“I think the United States should intervene and hold Hitler accountable for his actions,” Rabbi Goldberg said.
“I couldn’t agree more,” replied Dr. Silverman.
Dr. Silverman and Rabbi Goldberg talked about the Jewish problem and would not permit anyone else to enter their discussion.
Steve Jacoby continued draining his glass, while Mrs. Silverman napped.
As the salad plates were removed, Allan felt Deborah’s hand on his thigh. His head turned abruptly, and he saw her smiling, apparently hanging on every word that the Silverman-Goldberg duo uttered.
Allan didn’t know if she had had too much wine, or if she was making sexual advances. Even when the entree was served -- a stringy chicken breast, overcooked Brussel sprouts, and watery mashed potatoes -- Deborah continued to stroke his thigh as she ate the Brussels sprouts and the watery mashed potatoes, leaving the stringy chicken.
It concerned Allan that someone might see where her hand was resting, but no one seemed to notice. She moved her fingers higher on his leg, as Silverman and Goldberg competed for the better part of the diatribe. Steve Jacoby continued to consume more wine, while Mrs. Silverman continued to nap.
Allan had never before experienced such an overt and flagrant display of sexual misconduct. Yet, he felt himself becoming aroused.
Waiters cleared the dinner plates, replacing them with strawberries and whipped cream. As soon as the waiter set the desert in front of Steve Jacoby he promptly fell face down in the whipped cream.
Silverman and Goldberg paused a moment to glance at the unconscious reporter, and then resumed their discussion.  Deborah rose from the table and took Allan by the hand.  As they were tracing their way between the tables Jacoby came to and raised his head to reveal a face covered in whipped cream with a strawberry stuck in his mouth. Peals of laughter rose behind them. Allan tried to turn around to see what the commotion was about, but Deborah had him by the hand and never broke stride.
“Where are we going?” Allan whispered, stumbling slightly trying to keep up.
“You’ll see.”
When they reached the vestibule Deborah headed for the cloakroom, pulling him inside and locking the door.
“Deborah. Someone might come in.”
“The door is locked, Allan,” she said as she unbuckled his trousers.
“What are you doing?”
Before he could utter another word she went down on both knees and took his now swelling member into her mouth until her nose was pressed gently into his pubic hair. A contented moan from deep within her throat was the only sound to be heard in the small room lined with coats and furs other than a sudden intake of breath from Alan Frank. He reached down with both hands and placed them gently on the back of her head as he arched his pelvis into her warm willing mouth.
Ω
“You guys mind if I join you?” Lucky said, as she sat down between Richard and Tad on the stoop. The sky was overcast, hiding the stars.
Tad was smoking a cigarette. Lucky reached into Tad’s shirt pocket and took out the pack of Chesterfields. “Got a light?”
Tad stuck a match and held it a cupped hand, sheltering it from the breeze. Lucky took his hand, and in the small light from the match she saw his pale brown eyes.
“Thanks.”
She turned to see if Richard had been watching.
“What do you mean you don’t have no father,” Tad said.  “Everybody’s got a father.”
“Not me, man.”
“Is he dead?” Tad asked.
“I don’t know if he dead, or if he alive.  I don’t know nothing about him. My mama never talk about him, so I don’t know who he was. It’s a mystery to me.”
They all paused for a moment, and Lucky thought of Rafferty.
“My mama died when I was born,” Tad said. “Sometimes I wish my Daddy had been different.”
“Different how?” Lucky asked.
Tad looked down. “He used to beat me.”
“When my mama died, I left Jamaica on the boat,” Richard said. “I came to Miami and I’ve been here ever since.”
A car came down First Street and turned onto Commerce. The headlights briefly illuminated Richard’s dark face.
“I used to make up stories about my Daddy,” Richard said. “I used to
pretend he was a sea captain and would come back home one day and would take me on his boat, and we would sail all over the world.”
“My old man was a sailor and I got his blue eyes,” Lucky said.
“I guess we is all orphans,” Richard said.
“Well, I ain’t sure what happened since I left home,” Lucky said.
Richard yawned and stood up. “Best I get to bed.”
“So long, Richard,” Tad said.
After Richard left, Lucky rested her back against the stucco wall.
“It’s a cloudy sky,” she said.
When Tad didn’t answer, she turned and looked at him.  He was staring down between his legs. She reached out and took his hand in hers and looked for the blisters, not able to see them in the dim light.


Chapter 9


Tad stood in the shed row brushing out a little chestnut colt, raising dapples, wondering if Floyd would ever let up on him. All morning it seemed he could do nothing that would satisfy Floyd. No matter how hard he tried, or how good a job he did, Floyd still found something wrong. The only other life experience to which he could relate Floyd’s abuse was the treatment he had received from his father. But, there was a difference; this abuse was public, carried on in the presence of strangers, making it all the more painful.
As if the thought of the devil made him appear, Floyd came up leading First Class Lady. He stood on the other side of the shed row hitching up the filly to the crossties.
“Don’t make a day’s work of brushing out that colt,” said Floyd.
“I’m finished.”
“Well, get your stuff and come over here and do this filly.”
Tad gave the little colt a final pat and began collecting his curry combs and brushes. As Floyd went inside the tack room he had a smug look on his face.
First Class Lady looked a little jumpy as she snorted and pawed the ground. Tad began with the curry combs, one in each hand, starting with her neck and working front to back. Each time he stroked her, the filly shied. When he got to the underside of her flanks, she spooked, turned her rump to him, and kicked him squarely in the belly lifting him off his feet and knocking the wind out of him.
For a few brief seconds Tad lay senseless on the ground. When he came to he was on his back, gasping for breath, staring up at a circle of faces surrounding a patch of blue sky.
Uncle Bull came through the crowd shouting, “Gangway, gangway,” carrying a tin cup filled with water.
Panama pushed his way through the circle of onlookers and stood next to Uncle Bull as he knelt beside Tad, lying spread eagled in the dirt. 
“Lucky all he got was the wind knocked out of him,” Uncle Bull said as he leaned over to offer the cup to Tad.
“How’d this happen?” Panama said.
Uncle Bull seemed reluctant. “First Class Lady came into season yesterday.”
Tad began breathing more easily and sat up. Uncle Bull handed him the tin cup, and he took a big swallow.
Panama put his hand on Tad’s shoulder. “You okay?”
Tad nodded, looking pale. People began drifting away. 
“Take a lesson here, kid,” Panama said. “When a filly’s in season, you give her a wide berth, especially when there are colts and geldings around.”
Tad nodded. Uncle Bull helped Tad to his feet and led him across the shed row into the shade. 
“You better sit down here for a few minutes till you get your wind back,” Uncle Bull said.
Ω
Panama went in search of Floyd and felt the chilling realization that Tad could have been injured, or even killed. Up until then, Tad had been the object of Floyd’s verbal abuse -- painful though that was -- but, verbal abuse was one thing, putting Tad in harm’s way where his life was at risk, was something else.
Panama stood in the doorway of the Tack Room.  “Floyd.”
Floyd turned around, acting as if nothing had happened.
“You knew the filly was in season.”
Floyd maintained an expression of total innocence.
“As it was, he only got the wind knocked out of him, but it could have been a lot worse. He might of been kicked in the head and killed.”
Floyd’s expression did not change.
“I don’t mind you hazing the kid ‘cause he’s new, but you’ve gone too far.”
Floyd threw the bridle he’d been cleaning onto the table and looked defiantly at Panama.
“You ought to have warned him, Floyd. You put that kid’s life in danger.”
Floyd leaned against the table and put his thumbs into his belt loops.
“He ain’t fit to be a groom. He knows nothing about horses. He should have known better.”
“Listen, Floyd, if I catch you picking on that kid one more time, I’ll have your job. Got it?”
“Got it,” Floyd returned with a sullen look.
Panama waited to see if Floyd had anything else to say.
Coming out of the tack room, he saw Kline and the track veterinarian turn the corner and head down the shed row.  As Kline drew near, he had a stern expression on his face.
“I hear you declared a horse out of the fifth race today,” Kline said.
Panama looked first at Kline and then at the vet.
“Hi, Doc,” Panama said. Looking at Kline, he said, “Yeah, that’s right. Horse’s got a quarter crack.”
“Mind if I take a look at him?” Doc said.
“Not at all.”
Panama left to fetch the horse.
“There better be a quarter crack in that horse’s hoof,” Kline called after Panama.
Panama went down the shed row to the stall where the injured horse stood. He fastened a lead shank to the halter and led the horse out of the stall, turning him around, and headed toward Kline and the vet. The horse walked with a noticeable limp in his right rear leg.
The vet picked up the foot and looked it over. He stood up and said to Kline, “It’s a quarter crack all right.”
“Okay, Doc,” Kline said, apparently disappointed that Panama had told the truth.
“So long, Panama,” Doc said. He and Kline started to walk off.
“You satisfied,” Panama said, trying to contain his temper.
Kline stopped and turned to face Panama. “Yeah, I am. I always check the reason when a horse gets scratched at the last minute.”
“You don’t trust me, do you?”
“I trust you as much as I trust any trainer on this track.”
Ω
Sharkey spent several days at the track asking around if anyone had seen Mose Washington, but everybody said they hadn’t. He checked with the all the policemen Nino had been paying off, but none of them knew where Washington was. He began to think that Washington had left town.
Nino was sitting on the couch in his suite holding a glass of bourbon when Sharkey reported in. He told Nino he couldn’t find Washington anywhere. Nino listened quietly, then suddenly leaped up and threw the glass past Sharkey’s head. It shattered loudly into a thousand pieces against the wall.
“You better dig him up, Sharkey, or there’ll be hell to pay. You hear what I’m saying? Find the little black man, and when you do, make sure he won’t be able to talk.”
After suffering Nino’s outburst, Sharkey went to Joe’s Broadway Deli and sat in a booth in the back drinking one cup of coffee after another, trying to decide if he should leave town, or make another stab at finding Washington. He didn’t know where else to look.  Over the lip of his raised coffee cup he saw Allan Frank come in, walk past and sit down in the booth behind him.
Not bad enough that they were cracking down on all the gambling in Miami, Frank walking in reminded him that he, and Nino, were scheduled to go before the Grand Jury to swear they had never been in Invincible’s stall, although the testimony of Washington would make that out a lie if he wasn’t found first.
While Sharkey sat sullenly mulling over his options, Concannon walked in. He stood for a moment looking around the room before spotting Allan in the last booth in the back. Concannon walked by Sharkey, who held a menu up in front of his face. Allan was seated facing the street, as was Sharkey. Concannon slid into the booth with his back to Sharkey.
“I think I’m onto something,” Concannon said.
Allan looked at his watch. It was eleven-thirty.  “Listen, it’s late, and I have to get up early tomorrow.  So let’s be brief.”
Leaning forward and speaking in a low voice Concannon said, “We’ve been watching Shultz’s office twenty-four hours a day. At first, everything seemed copasetic. He came in at nine, left at noon for lunch, came back at one, and left for home at five. He always eats his evening meal at the same restaurant and then drives to his apartment. Occasionally, he takes in a movie, but most nights he walks the streets for hours. During all this time, he never made a single contact with Morelli. It all seemed innocent enough, and after several days we decided to give up. But, one of guys who was watching Shultz’s office noticed a steady stream of down-and-outers going into his office.”
Allan glanced at his watch again.
“It turns out these down-and-outers are addicts,” Concannon said.
Allan looked confused.
“You know, narcotics addicts.”
“So, why don’t you turn him over to the federals?”
Concannon started to say something. Instead, he fished a cigarette from the pack in his shirt pocket and turned it over between his thumb and index finger.
“Let me lay it out for you. When the addicts came out, we picked ‘em up and, lo and behold, they got prescriptions written by Shultz. We collected a few of these prescriptions, and we can use them as leverage.”
Suddenly interested in Concannon’s proposal Allan leaned forward. “Okay. Let me understand this. So, you pick-up Schultz for illegal distribution of narcotics.”
Concannon lit the cigarette he had been fooling with.  “Exactly. If we arrest Shultz on illegal distribution, we can threaten to turn him over to the Feds. If we put the pressure on him, he just may crack and give us the juice on Morelli.”
“If you can get Shultz to become a witness for the state, you won’t need your other so-called eye-witness.”
Concannon nodded. “You got it.”
Allan leaned back, nodding his head, seeing the possibilities. He looked at Concannon shrewdly and leaned forward.
“Listen, I’m a Special Prosecutor appointed by the Governor. If this little conversation was made public it might jeopardize the case...”
Concannon nodded, interrupting Frank mid-sentence.
“I’ll handle it. We never had this conversation.”
“By the way. Where are you keeping this witness?” Allan asked.
“At my place.”
Sharkey, listening intently to what was being said in the booth behind him, suddenly began to feel a lot better about his prospects. He hastily threw a few dollars on the table and got up before either of the men moved to leave. But, he didn’t go far. Waiting in his car for Concannon to emerge, he watched as Concannon got in his car, and then followed from a discrete distance as the tired detective headed home after a long day.


Chapter 10


Sharkey sat all night watching the apartment building he had seen Concannon enter. Parked in front of a cafe that was open twenty-four hours he bought an endless chain of coffees to keep himself awake. The short plump waitress, who refilled Sharkey’s cup, made small talk while she added plenty of cream and sugar. Her bleached blond hair and her fake eyelashes rested over a pair of lonely blue eyes. Sharkey towered over the little waitress. From his height, he could steal peeks into the low cut vee-neck of her green uniform. The waitress noticed Sharkey’s wandering eyes, and trying to seem nonchalant, leaned over the counter several times to give Sharkey a better view of the cleavage between her large breasts.
At six o’clock in the morning, the plump waitress came out of the restaurant, hesitated for moment, and then walked over to the open passenger window of Sharkey’s car. She put her elbows up against the car door and leaned in.
“What you been doing here parked all night?”
“I’m a cop. I’m on a stake-out,” Sharkey said.
“You serious?”
“Would I kid you?”
“Wow. Maybe I should get in and keep you company.”
“It ain’t allowed.”
“Listen, handsome, you look like you could use a little warming up,” the waitress smiled.
“Beat it, sister, or I’ll haul you in for solicitation.”
Straightening up and throwing her purse over her shoulder, the plump blonde shot Sharkey an angry look.
“Well, if you ain’t a fine one. You can just beat-off then, copper.”
She turned on her heels and walked briskly to the corner where she disappeared. Sharkey ignored the insult and took another sip from his coffee.
After another hour and a half, Concannon came out with a woman, whom Sharkey thought to be his wife. Concannon leaned over as she kissed his cheek. They waved good-bye, and Sharkey watched the woman get into a late model Chevrolet and drive off.
Concannon got into the standard unmarked police car.  He had trouble starting it and got out. He took off his hat and scratched his bald head. Lifting the hood and looking over the engine, he reached in and made some small adjustment. He went around the front of the car and got in.  This time it started. He got out, slammed the hood down, got back in, and drove off.
After another hour, Sharkey saw Mose Washington come out of the apartment and walk down the street.
Sharkey started his car and drove past Washington and pulled over to the curb, leaving the engine running. In the rear view mirror, he watched as Washington drew near, and when he got even with the back bumper, Sharkey got out. He stepped quickly around the front of the car to stand in front of Washington. Sharkey could see the fear in Washington’s eyes as Washington pulled up short and looked behind him.
“What you want?” Mose said. He backed up a few steps. Sharkey opened the passenger door.
“Get in.”
Mose turned on his heals and took off down the sidewalk as fast as short his legs would carry him. Sharkey expected him to run and broke out in pursuit not far behind.
Ω
“Doc, I need something to slow a horse down,” Nino said.
At ten o’clock on Monday morning Nino sat across the desk in Dr. Shultz’s office. Shultz seemed a little nervous, raising a trembling hand to his face and nervously rubbing his forehead.
“Listen, Nino. I don’t want to do this anymore. That situation with Harbeck...  I’m going to have to quit.”
Nino leaned forward, resting his elbow on the desk, and began to rub the scar over his eye. He spoke softly, and Shultz could hear the lethal undertones in his voice.
“Listen, Doc, you’re in this up to your ass. You can’t back out now.” Shultz closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I never thought it would be like this. When you came to see me that first day I thought it would just be a little easy money.”
Nino took a deep breath and looked at Shultz through half closed eyes. “The only way you can get out of this, doc, is in a pine box. You get my drift?”
“Okay, okay Nino,” Schultz said in a weak voice. Feeling tired and old, he nodded his head imperceptibly. “But this is the last time.”
Nino gave no response to Shultz’s weak ultimatum.
Shultz got up from his desk and walked over to the glass cabinet against the wall. Opening the door, he ran his trembling fingers along the labels selecting a bottle of Chloral Hydrate, better known by its more common name Mickey Finn. Hands trembling, Shultz tried to carefully pour the liquid into a small brown bottle, but spilled some on the floor.
Speaking softly, Shultz stood over Nino and handed him the bottle. “Put a little of this in the horse’s water before the race. Just a little, don’t use too much.”
Nino stood up and put the bottle in his pocket.  As he turned to leave, Shultz grabbed Nino by the arm with both hands.
“Wait.”
Nino pulled free of Schultz’s trembling grasp.
“Don’t touch me again, old man, or it’ll be the last thing you ever do.”
“What about the money?” Shultz said anxiously.
“Catch me next time, Doc.” Nino offered over his shoulder as he hurried out through the office door. Schultz returned to his chair and sat down heavily behind the desk, his head in his hands thinking what a mess he had made of things.
Four years before, a Hospital Board of Inquiry was convened and determined that Dr. Benjamin Shultz had been negligent and recommended to the hospital trustees that he be removed from the staff. In addition, they sent a letter recommending that the Florida Physician’s Licensing Authority revoke Dr. Shultz’s surgery certification. But, they stopped short of recommending the cancellation of his license to practice medicine. The bank foreclosed on the house in Coconut Grove when he fell behind in the payments and shortly after that, his wife, Rochelle, divorced him and moved to Paris, supported by her rich father.
Now, in a shabby office in a poor section of Miami he was reduced to the life of a General Practitioner with addicts making up the majority of his practice. What had seemed like the start of a successful career ended in disgrace, and his life had turned into an unmitigated disaster.
Ω
Besides Nino, there were only three other members in the Turf Club. A well-dressed elderly couple sat at the far end of the room and a portly man dressed in a white linen suit sat at the table next to Nino reading the Racing Form.  He had a Planters Punch sitting in front of him.
Nino read the telegram from Lansky.

February 19, 1941

Mr. Nino Morelli -stop-
Meet me in Havana on Friday, February 21 -stop- We are having dinner with our prominent friend -stop- Come prepared for a long evening -stop-

ML

The telegram had come as a big surprise. Nino knew Lansky had finally arranged a meeting with Batista, and he was glad to be included. Things were getting too hot for him in Miami, and he would welcome a change of scenery.
As Nino folded the telegram and put it in his breast pocket, he saw Sharkey come across the room looking pleased with himself. He sat down at the table and pulled a cigarette from a pack of Parliaments.
“You find him?”
Lighting his cigarette, Sharkey said, “He tried to do a Dan O’Leary, but I caught up with him and stuck him with a shiv. Piece of cake.”
Nino was relieved that there was no longer an eye-witness.  
Entering the Turf Club, Sam hurried over to Nino’s table breathing hard after having climbed the long staircase. 
“Sorry I’m late.” Sam looked like death warmed over standing with his hat in his hand.
“Come around the table so’s I don’t have to shout,” Nino motioned. Sam moved hastily around the table and tipped a chair over. In an effort to catch the chair he made a dive across the table and knocked the glass of Planter’s Punch down the front of the portly gentleman’s white linen suit. The man leaped to his feet as the rest of the drink spilled down his trousers, making a red stain from breastbone to knee.
Sam mumbled a few words of apology, but the man glared at Sam as he tried to wipe off the stain. Pushing Sam out of his away, he stomped off toward the Men’s Room.
Sam stood at Nino’s elbow, his hands trembling.  Sharkey looked like he was ready to grab Sam if he tried to run off.
“Let’s take a walk,” Nino said, as he got up and headed for the exit with Sam and Sharkey in tow. The three men presented an odd looking triumvirate as they walked down the long limestone staircase. Nino in his sharply pressed linen suit with a camel overcoat draped over his shoulders, Sam wearing a beat up fedora, wrinkled trousers, and crumpled suit jacket with a hole in the elbow. And Sharkey, towering over both men, bringing up the rear. When they reached the Paddock area Nino walked to a place near the fence and stood in the shade of several palm trees. Sam leaned his hand clumsily against one of the trees, looking awkward. He withdrew his hand as he reached for a dirty hanky to wipe the sweat from his eyes, out of breath after the short walk. He leaned his back against the tree.
“I hear you entered your horse in the Widener.”
“What horse?”
“Don’t give me the run around.”
Nino drew a little closer and rested his hand on Sam’s shoulder. “You got a lot markers out with me, Sam.” The blood drained from Sam’s face.  “With the vig, it comes to just over fourteen grand. This ain’t no cinch. You listening, Sam?”
Sam looked like could barely stand the weight of Nino’s hand on his shoulder and tried to swallow without success. Sam nodded. 
“Listen, I think Cakewalk will hit the board and it --”
Nino grabbed the front of his shirt. “Don’t get smart with me, Sam.” Nino looked into Sam’s eyes and let go.  “Now, you listening? I would tear up those markers, and you and me would be even, if you would do me this one little favor.”
Nino moved his hand to the back of Sam’s neck and pulled him forward. Seeing the fear in Sam’s eyes, he spoke in a low voice, nearly a whisper, “I need you to dope Cakewalk.”
Sam closed his eyes and stopped breathing. “I can’t do that.”
Nino took his hand away and stepped back. Rolling his shoulders as he straightened his tie, he said, “Okay, Sam. If that’s the way you want it, fine. I’m going to Havana this evening. I’ll be in the Turf Club at three o’clock tomorrow. You better be here with the fourteen grand, or you and me will go for a little boat ride.”
Ω
Willie had closed The Finish Line early to celebrate Lucky’s birthday. John had baked her a pineapple upside down cake with sugar icing carefully drizzled over the top, and twenty-four candles set in a circle.
There were four presents next to the cake, the biggest of which was from Panama. Bert had brought one, too, and the third present was from Willie and John. The smallest of the lot was from Tad.
The old Symphanola jukebox was playing Glen Miller’s “In the Mood.”  Lucky wore a red foil cone-shaped party hat as she danced cheek to cheek with Panama. Nancy towered over Bert wearing a white vee-necked sweater over a push-up bra that exposed her cleavage. Bert had his nose buried between her warm round melons. He inhaled deeply, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist. Nancy danced with her eyes closed. A look of deep contentment graced her face as she and Bert sashayed in a tiny circle around the small dance floor. Discarded peanut shells covered the worn wood.
Casting a half-drunken eye over this scene, Willie cut in a little louder than necessary, “Well, I think it’s time to cut the cake and open the presents.”
Bert lit the candles and then directed the group as they sang “Happy Birthday.” When the singing ended, Lucky closed her eyes and blew out all the candles.
“What did you wish for?” Nancy asked.
“If I tell, I won’t get my wish.”
Lucky cut the cake.
Ignoring the piece Lucky set before her, Willie said, “Seems like only yesterday I was twenty-two. Time really flies when you’re having fun.” She took a long drag from her beer. “I was sixteen when I married your pa, John, and a year later you were born. Now, Jimmy’s dead and buried, God rest his soul.”
Bert put his arm around Nancy. “What the devil happened to Sam?”
“I don’t know,” Panama said. “Maybe he fell asleep, or something. Looks like he’s not going to show up.”
“He might be drunk and passed out somewhere,” John said.
Bert took a bite of cake and made a face. “This cake is fantastic.”
John beamed.
Richard said, “Can I have another piece?” Bert gave Richard another big slice.
“So, mate, how’s it feel to be back being a trainer?” Bert asked Panama, as he was serving up the cake.
“To tell the truth, I never thought I’d like it this much.”
After wolfing down her cake in between pulls at her bottle of beer, Willie pushed her empty plate aside.
“Well now Lucky, let’s see what you got.”
After Lucky had taken a single bite of cake, she pulled Panama’s present to her and opened it first. It was a make-up kit bound in calf leather. She opened the kit and a mirror was mounted on the inside of the lid. There were two trays with compartments for powers, creams, and other cosmetics.
She looked at Panama and said, “How did you know I wanted this?”
Panama smiled. “Oh, a little birdie told me.”
She leaned across the table and kissed him.
“Okay. Let’s have a go at it,” Bert said, handing her his present.
Lucky pulled the wrappings off a bottle of bath oil and unscrewed the cap.
“Lavender. Seems like something odd for a jockey to buy, Bert.”
“I bought it for you, Lucky. But, it’s from both Bert and me,” Nancy chimed in.
“Now, let’s see what I got from Willie and John,” Lucky said.
She pulled the odd-shaped package toward her and began unwrapping it. It was the blue vase, which she had seen in Willie’s room. There was chip on the lip.
“Ain’t much to look at,” Willie said. John wouldn’t meet Lucky’s eyes.
“Thanks,” Lucky said, as she put the vase in center of the table.
She picked up the last gift, which was from Tad. His wide-eyed look told Lucky he was anxious, not sure his gift would please her. She removed the paper and opened the box, holding up the silk scarf for everyone to see.
“Where did you buy this, Tad?”
“In a store on Collins Avenue. I used some of my winnings from the track.”
She got up and walked around the table. She bent down and wrapped her arms around Tad. “That was sweet thing for you to do, Tad.”
“Do you like it?”
“Of course I do.” She held the scarf alongside her cheek. “It matches my eyes.”
Sam came through the door, looking pale, and staggered over to the table.
“You look like you just got run over by a truck,” John said. “What you been drinking? Hair tonic?”
Sam ignored John’s comment. “Panama, I gotta talk to you.”   
Panama got up from the table, taking his drink with him. Sam followed Panama to a booth in the back of the saloon. Lucky noticed Sam looked terrible as he walked unsteadily behind Panama. She wondered what was going on as the two sat down. Somebody started the Symphanola playing “This Can’t Be Love.”
“You sick, or something, Sam?” Panama said.
“Nino’s putting the heat on me to pay off the money I owe.”
Panama took a sip of his Tom Collins. He took a cigarette from a pack of Chesterfields and threw the pack on the table.
“What you going to do, Sam?” Panama said as he struck a match, lighting his cigarette.   
Sam said, his lips quivering, “I...Nino..” His breath came in short gasps, and he couldn’t speak.
“Spit it out, Sam. What kinda heat is Nino puttin’ on you?”
Sam buried his face in his hands. Nino’s threat still ringing in his ears he wanted to tell Panama about Nino asking him to dope Cakewalk, but couldn’t get the words out.
“I guess I’ll have to ask him to wait ‘till after the Widener.”
Panama leaned back in his seat giving Sam a long look. “What makes you think Nino will wait ‘till then? How much you owe him?”
“Nearly fourteen thousand dollars. There ain’t no other way.” 
Sam looked like he was about to slide off the chair. Panama leaned forward and took him by the shoulders.
“Steady up. Why ain’t there no other way, Sam? What’s eatin’ you?”
“I’ll be okay.”
“You shouldn’t be driving in your condition.”
Sam stood up, pulled up his pants, and wiped his nose with the back of his hand. “I’ll be all right.”
Ω
Concannon parked his car on Flagler at the entrance to the alley a few blocks from his apartment and lit a cigarette. He sat in his car and smoked half the cigarette thinking about what he would see at the end of the alley. He hoped it would not be the body of Mose Washington. Mose had not been at the apartment when he had stopped in briefly earlier in the day to check on him.
He threw the cigarette out the window and got out of the car. Walking down the alley, whose sides were littered with garbage and trash, he caught a fleeting glimpse of a rat scurrying for cover. A squad car was parked at the end of the alley, but Concannon was unaware of the red reflections flashing on the brick walls.
A policeman had his foot on the bumper and was making notes on a clipboard balanced on his knee.
“Who found the body?” Concannon said.
“Couple a bums.” answered the patrolman, not looking up, as he continued to fill in his report sheet.
Concannon walked around the car and stood by the left front fender looking down at the small form outlined under a blanket. He hesitated, then crouched down and lifted the blanket. There was blood all over Mose’s shirt and some of the bright red liquid had pooled on the dirty concrete around his body.
Concannon placed the blanket back gently over the body and stood up. Over the years, Concannon had seen many dead bodies and had become immune to the sight of death. But, the sight of Mose lying in an alley with his heart pierced made Concannon choke.
The policeman stood behind Concannon. “You know this guy?”
“Yeah. I do. His name’s Mose Washington. He worked at Hialeah.”
The coroner arrived a few minutes later, followed by an ambulance. While the coroner performed his duties, Concannon and the officer combed the alley looking for evidence that might tie someone to the murder of Mose Washington, but came up with nothing.
After the coroner and the officer had finished their work, and the ambulance had left the alley bearing the remains of Mose Washington, Concannon returned to his car. Out on the sidewalk people walked by in the sunshine, not noticing the big Irishman sitting alone in his car for several minutes, his head down, his shoulders hunched like a prizefighter ready to deliver a knockout punch. Concannon sat in silence in the cool dim light of the alley, his fists clenched tightly in his lap, the knuckles white with barely suppressed rage. Nothing moved, nothing stirred, not even the rat that had scurried out of his way when he first entered the alley. There was complete silence, an unbroken stillness, as two tears fell and splashed soundlessly on Concannon’s clenched fists.


Chapter 11


Allan Frank was eager to lay out his plan, but after waiting for over an hour for the Governor, he began to grow angry. He had been left cooling his heels in the foyer while the Governor had been tied up in conference with George Anderson Lee. Lee had made a lot of money developing south Florida real estate and had the capability to make a large contribution to Sheppard’s forthcoming campaign.
The meeting was taking longer than expected, and every now and then Allan heard the sounds of rowdy laughter, which caused a hot flush of indignation to pass over him. He got up and began to pace impatiently in the small confines of the foyer. Inside his briefcase he had documents that described the intricate network of bookmakers. There were a few freelancers, but the majority of the bets placed went through the Syndicate bookies, and the biggest one of these was Nino Morelli. Allan knew that Morelli definitely had mob connections. Moreover, Allan’s investigations thus far had uncovered criminal activities that were fairly obvious to anyone who might make even a cursory examination.
He looked at his watch. It was pushing twelve-thirty in the afternoon. Smothering his frustration, he began pacing again the dimensions of the small area. Allan considered leaving the Governor a note telling him he would be late for another appointment.
Then the door opened and the governor emerged with his arm around Mr. Lee. The Governor’s campaign manager, Bob Kelly, his publicity director, Steve Moran, and Ralph Sommers, the Attorney General, followed them into the waiting room. They were laughing, and it was obvious they had had a few drinks behind closed doors.
Surprised to see Sommers in the group, Allan asked himself why the Attorney General would be involved in campaign functions. Sommers, a dark overbearing tyrant, made little attempt to hide his corrupt dealings. Because Sommers had failed to do his job, the governor had come under a lot of pressure to fire him. Instead, he had appointed Alex Balfe as Racing Commissioner and charged him with eliminating the off-track betting.
When Sheppard spotted Allan standing by the window, he motioned him over. “Where’s Alex?” Sheppard asked.
“He had a conflict,” Allan said.
“You his Special Prosecutor?”
“Yes, I am.”
“I’d like you to meet George Lee.”
George Lee gave Allan a desultory handshake.
“Howdy do,” he said. He turned back to Sheppard and leaning forward, said as one conspirator to another, “Well, I think we had a real nice meeting. I hope you and me can work things out.”
“By all means, George, by all means.” Sheppard chortled.
George Lee shook hands all around, nodded to Allan, and left.
“I’m so sorry I kept you waiting so long, Allan, but you know how it is. No money, no campaign.” Sheppard laughed at his own joke and took Allan by the arm, guiding him into his suite. The others followed behind, and Ralph Sommers closed the door.
The governor took a chair in the center of the room, while the others split themselves between the two couches flanking the chair, no doubt claiming what had been their previous seats, leaving Allan standing alone in the center of the room, holding his briefcase.
Sheppard said, “I’m disappointed Balfe couldn’t come, so let’s not beat around the bush, Allan. Let’s get down to cases.”
Allan didn’t want to share his findings with anyone other than the governor. Privileged information leaked through the government offices in Tallahassee like water through a sieve, and Allan knew if he shared the contents of his briefcase with the other three men, the world at large would know everything within a matter of hours.
Allan said slowly, emphasizing every word, “I’m sorry Governor. I assumed this was going to be a private meeting between you and me.”
“No, no. We have no secrets here. I can trust these gentlemen to keep our counsel. Let’s hear what you have to say.”
“Governor, it’s common knowledge that information in the capitol has practically no chance of maintaining any confidentiality. I must insist that we have a private meeting.”
Sommers stood up, stuck his jaw out at Allan and said, “Are you telling me I can’t maintain proper discretion. ‘Cause if you are, then I’m telling you you’re a damned liar.”
“Now, now, let’s not have any display of temper here,” Sheppard said. “Allan, I have every confidence in these men. They’re my trusted aides, and I know they can be counted on to keep quiet about what we say here.”
“In that case, Governor, I’ll submit my resignation to Alex Balfe in the morning,” Allan said. He turned to leave.
Sheppard jumped up and said, “Now, just a damn minute.  You can’t come in here and act like some high-handed, goddamn... I appointed you, and I can fire you.”
“You didn’t hire me, sir. Alex Balfe did.”
Everyone started to talk at once.
Allan raised his hands for quiet. “Would you do me the favor of speaking to me for just a moment in private, governor? I’m sure if you hear what I have to say, you’ll agree this is a delicate situation.”
Sheppard frowned. “All right, you fellows wait outside for a few minutes while I hear what this gentleman has to say.”
The three walked out, not pleased to be excluded from the discussion. On the way out, Ralph Sommers gave Allan a particularly evil look. When the door closed, Sheppard sat down. Allan dragged a straight backed chair next to Sheppard’s, as he made room to spread out the contents of Alan’s briefcase on the glass topped coffee table. Allan did not open his case.
“Governor, the reason you appointed Alex Balfe in the first place was because you didn’t trust any of the people already on your staff. I left a very prestigious practice with a prominent law firm to take the job as Special Prosecutor.”
When Sheppard started to protest, Allan held up his hand.
“At least that’s what you told Alex, so what am I to conclude? That you now want to bring these people into the act? There must be a good reason why all these folks, whose job it is to stop off-track betting, have not been successful. What else can I conclude, but that they are somehow involved in the whole business? Let me tell you, Governor, if I resign I won’t give the press any reason for my resignation. I’ll simply say I have ‘no comment.’  That’ll leave this whole affair up to speculation about why I resigned, and I’m sure some people will believe that the investigation is getting too close to home.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“You figure it out.”
“Are you telling me you think Ralph Sommers is on the take?”
“Not directly, but he has a lot of friends in Miami and Dade county law enforcement, and you know how everybody covers for their friends.”
“I don’t believe that for a second.”
“I’m not willing to risk all the work I’ve done by letting too many people get involved.”
“All this sounds like a threat. If I don’t exclude everyone except you and me, and you resign it makes me look like I’m somehow supporting all this illegal activity.”
Allan nodded. “You could draw that conclusion.”
Sheppard gave Allan a steely look for a moment.
“One thing more. If I find out that any of the information we discuss here is leaked, I will go straight to the press.”
Sheppard leaned forward in his chair. “All right, but let me tell you, son. I don’t take kindly to threats, and furthermore, I won’t forget this little incident.”
He got up, walked purposefully to the door, went outside, and closed it behind him. After a few moments, during which time Allan felt a sense of relief and triumph, Sheppard came back into the room and sat at the corner of the couch.
“All right. Let’s have it, and it better be good.”
Ω
Low in the sky, a storm had been gathering all afternoon, rumbling along, coming out of the Southeast, moving gradually inland. Lightning streaked across the low hanging clouds followed by the distant rumble of thunder.  At three-thirty in the afternoon a deluge descended upon Hialeah turning the track into a sea of mud and causing the spectators to run for cover.
Tad and Uncle Bull huddled silently inside an empty stall watching the rain cascading across the shed rows.
“Better get ready for the second flood,” Uncle Bull said.
“Coming down in buckets.”
“Looks like it ain’t ever going to stop.”
They watched Floyd come running down the shed row, his shirt over his head. Tad opened the stall door. Floyd slowed his pace to make the turn and flew into the stall.  His breath came in short choppy gulps while he glared at Tad. “You ain’t filled all the water buckets.”
“I’m sure I did,” Tad said, looking surprised.
“Well, they’re all empty. So you better get on out there in the rain and fill them up.”
Tad looked out at the pouring rain and then back at Floyd, knowing that Floyd must have dumped the water out of the buckets.
“You hear what I say, Tadpole?”
Tad took a deep breath and dashed out into the rain.
Uncle Bull looked at Floyd and shook his head. “I seen the kid fill those buckets, every one. You ought to let up on him, Floyd.”
Floyd glared at Uncle Bull. “It ain’t none of your never mind how I treat him.”
Ω
It was a quarter to two when Panama entered the hospital room. He saw Sam lying on his back, his eyes closed. A collection of cables supported his left leg, and a cast from shoulder to wrist encased his left arm.
Two hours before, Sam had fallen down the stairs at the Turf Club. The ambulance was called, and news traveled fast about Sam’s collapse. Panama stood over Sam’s inert body for a few seconds and then gently touched his shoulder. Sam opened his eyes with a start.
“How many times have you walked down those stairs?” Panama asked. “Must have been thousands of times.”
Sam made an effort to speak, but instead winced with pain. The spasm subsided, and he took a deep breath.
In a scratchy voice, Sam said, “I guess I had one too many.”
“Sam, you need to do something about your drinking.  If you keep this up, it’ll kill you.”
Sam turned his head and stared at the wall. “You’re right, but I got so much pressure on me from Nino.”
“I know that, but if Cakewalk wins the Widener you can use your share to buy back your markers.”
At the mention of the Widener a look of anxiety spread over Sam’s face. He took a couple of deep breaths and then swallowed the words he had been about to utter.
“What is it, Sam?”
Sam struggled to speak, but he looked like he had given up. His eyelids fluttered as he drifted off into a drug-induced stupor.
Panama knew it would be a while before Sam got out of the hospital. After standing several more minutes next to the bed, realizing there was little else he could do, Panama quietly left Sam’s room.
As he walked down the hall, he wondered if it had been an accident due to Sam’s drunkenness, or maybe he wanted to put himself in the hospital out of Nino’s reach. If Sam had been looking for a way out of Nino’s clutches, it sure was a dumb way to do it.

Ω
Panama had arrived late at the track and was unable to find Tad. Wearing the slicker he had taken from the trunk, Panama spent the better part of an hour walking from stall to stall searching for Tad. The rain had eased up a little but the failing light made his search more difficult, and he regretted not bringing a flashlight.
Panama finally found Tad in First Class Lady’s stall curled up under some old horse blankets sound asleep. Panama leaned over him trying to see his face in the twilight. He leaned back against the side of the stall, his arms resting on his knees, and watched the kid sleep.
“Wake up, Tad, it’s time to go home.”
Tad opened his eyes and sat up. “I thought you wasn’t coming.”
“I got side-tracked.”
Panama looked at Tad’s wet clothes.
“You been out in the rain?” Panama asked.
Tad nodded.
“What for?”
“I had to f-f-f-fill the buckets again.” Tad shivered.
Panama could guess the rest. He took off his slicker and handed it to Tad. “Here, put this on.”
Ω
On the way home from the track Panama decided to stop at City Hospital again to see how Sam was doing. It was half past eight in the evening. Tad sat next to him wearing Panama’s slicker shivering in his wet clothes.
“I’ll just be a minute,” Panama said to Tad, as he got out of the car. “I’ll keep the motor running so you can run the heater and warm up a bit.”
When he looked into Sam’s room the bed had been stripped of its sheets and the cotton ticking looked forlorn.  Panama went to the nurse station. A thin graying woman in a starched white uniform was reading from a loose-leaf binder.
“Have you changed Mister Foster’s room?” Panama asked.
She put her finger to mark her place and looked up.  “Are you related to Mister Foster?”
“No, I’m a friend.”
“Well, Mr. Foster died this afternoon.”
“You must have Mister Foster confused with someone else.”
The nurse turned back the pages in loose-leaf binder to check on his name. Looking up at Panama, she said, “I have verified that it was Samuel C. Foster.”
The news of Sam’s death took Panama completely by surprise. Shocked, he moved closer in and took off his hat, placing it on the counter.
“How did he die?” asked Panama.
“He had a stroke.”
“When did he die?” 
“About six o’clock.”
When Panama had seen Sam this afternoon he looked perfectly normal. Sam had not had a happy life and it was his drinking that had done him in. He picked up his hat, turned away and began to walk down the wide hallway toward the exit.
“Sir?” the nurse called to him.
He turned and stood mutely in the middle of the hall.
“Did Mister Foster have any family in Miami?” the nurse asked.
“Not that I know of.”
Panama retraced the few steps back to the nurse. “I guess I’m as close to family as anyone.”
“The body needs to be sent somewhere, otherwise, it’ll be consigned to the city for a pauper’s grave.”
Panama remembered driving by a funeral parlor near The Finish Line, but he couldn’t remember the name on the sign.
“There’s an undertaker at the corner of Biscayne and Fifth.”
Together, they searched yellow pages for the familiar name.  “Here it is,” Panama said. “Conrad Bell. 215 Fifth Street.” 
She copied down the phone number.
“Who can I tell them will be responsible for the bill?”
“Boudreaux. Panama Boudreaux.”
Ω
“When you finish lock the door,” the room clerk said.
Acting like it was a commonplace occurrence for guests of the Excalibur the clerk stood aside giving Panama and Tad access to Sam’s room.
“Make sure you bring me the key,” the clerk said, and walked down the hall.
Panama flicked on the light. Shades had been pulled down for the two windows that faced the street. A bed, a dresser, a chair, and a single lamp filled the small space.  At the corner of the dresser a half-filled glass stood next to a bottle of bourbon. The glass and the whiskey bottle were the only things that linked the dwelling to Sam. Panama stood in the center of the room wondering why a glass and a bottle were the only vestiges of Sam’s life.  The sobering realization settled over Panama that if he were to die his room at The Finish Line would look exactly like Sam’s.
“So what do we do now?” Tad asked.
“You look through the dresser, kid. I’ll take the closet.”
Panama found a file box containing a set of index dividers stuffed with papers. He sat on the bed and began going through the dividers, one by one. Tad finished searching the dresser and sat down on the bed next to Panama, looking over his shoulder. Among the papers Panama found a bill of sale for the horse farm that had been in Sam’s family for generations, one marriage license bearing the names: Samuel Clemens Foster and Louisa Anne Lambert.  In addition, he found two birth certificates, one for a girl named Rose Louisa and another for a boy named Arthur Samuel. There were a lot of letters and photographs of Sam with people Panama didn’t recognize. Some pictures were of Sam with a woman who Panama assumed to be his wife. Others were pictures of the same woman with Sam, holding the two children. Panama looked through the letters, most of which were without the envelopes they had come in. On one envelope he saw a Lexington, Ky. postmark.  There was no return address.


Dear Dad:

I hope you are well. I’m not sure how to react to your last visit on the occasion of Mother’s death. You seem to be unwilling to accept me as a son. I know that my mother had an extended love affair with your best friend, but I was raised believing you were my father. And even though you may not be my real father in a biological sense, I know there is a bond of love between us. The separation between you and mother for these many years was a terrible burden for her to bear. Now that she is dead, I hope you’ll find it in your heart to forgive her. I know now the cause of your separation from mother, and I can understand your reaction to her infidelities, but that has little, or no bearing on our relationship. I am your son, and you are my father. I hope you will affirm our relationship. Please write.  

With love,

Arthur

Panama finally understood the origin of Sam’s unhappiness. His wife’s infidelities must have come as a terrible shock to a man who saw things in simple terms of black and white. He had abandoned his family and fled into a life of despair and drunkenness. Panama realized Sam’s position was an exact corollary to Jimmy’s. Panama had a brief love affair with Emily just before she married Jimmy, only Emily had died giving birth to Tad, while Louisa had suffered a painful life after Sam’s departure. Panama knew that Jimmy had become a drunk, just like Sam, to kill the pain of his wife’s infidelities. Arthur had suffered the loss of a father, surrendering to the nagging doubt of who his real father was. Tad, on the other hand, had not the slightest doubt about who his father might be. Panama turned his gaze from the letter in his hands to Tad sitting next to him and knew the truth in his heart. Tad sat shivering in his wet clothes, looking like a drowned rat.
“Let’s go, kid. We need to get you out of those wet clothes before you catch a death.”
Ω
At ten minutes past midnight Allan Frank leaned back in his chair contemplating the information his staff had presented to him. He was amazed at the amount they had been able to assemble, the depth and the detail would form the basis for his case against Morelli with the Dade County Grand Jury.
He closed the thick file folder and locked it in his desk. As he got up, he felt spasm of pain in his neck and he leaned back, stretching it from side to side until the pain went away.
He turned out the lights in his office, closed and locked the door, and walked down the empty hallway. The county of Dade had generously provided a set of dingy offices in the County Building on Flagler. Not one stick of furniture was provided and no telephones. Allan had spent several weeks fighting with the State Controller’s Office to get requisitions to furnish the offices. When the office furniture finally arrived, it was mismatched and worn, but Allan didn’t want to go through another argument with the Controller’s Office.
He walked down one flight of stairs to the ground floor. He used his key to unlock the door, stepped through the double doors, and turned around to relock the door.
Walking down the wide steps between the tall columns he turned right heading east on Flagler to the parking lot where he had left his car.
He heard the screech of tires behind him. He turned and saw the blinding glare of headlights rushing toward him. Instinctively, he fell to the pavement as both barrels of a shotgun exploded.
Ω
Tad had nearly drifted off to sleep when someone knocked on his door.
“Can I come in?”
Lucky entered, leaving the door ajar, allowing the hall light to fall into the room. She sat on the edge of Tad’s bed. “How‘d it go today at the track?”
Tad struggled up to lean against the wall. “Floyd said I didn’t fill the water buckets.”
“Did you?”
Tad nodded.
“And you had to fill them again in the rain.”
Tad nodded again. Lucky put her hand out and touched Tad’s cheek.
“Tad.”
She took his hand in hers. “It’s time for you to stand up to Floyd.”
Tad looked away.
“You listening?”
“Yeah,” he said, as he turned to look at Lucky. She took Tad by the shoulders.
“You better find some way to back Floyd down.”
“He’s real tough, Lucky.”
“I don’t care how tough he is. You can be a lot tougher than you think.”
Tad looked up at Lucky’s face, studying her eyes, and then looked away.
“You got to understand something about Floyd. He and Panama have been friends a long time. I think Floyd’s jealous of you, and he wants to show Panama that you aren’t smart enough to learn about the track.”
She took Tad’s chin and pulled his face around so she could look in his eyes. “The next time he pushes you around, you better find your backbone.”
Tad looked away. Lucky leaned over to kiss his cheek, but he turned his face into the pillow. Lucky kissed the back of his head and turned out the light as she closed the door behind her.
After the door closed Tad turned his head back around. He thought about what Lucky had said about standing up to Floyd and wasn’t sure he could do it. But, he wanted to make Lucky proud of him. He felt an odd sensation inside whenever he was near her. He lay in the dark and thought about kissing her lips, but then thought she was Panama’s girl, and that wouldn’t be right. He thought about Panama and wondered why he let Floyd push him around. He liked Panama, and felt close to him, but couldn’t figure out if Panama cared much about him. In some ways, it seemed like he took an interest in him, and other ways he didn’t. Tad knew in his heart he wanted to please both Panama and Lucky. After a few minutes he drifted off to sleep.


Chapter 12


 Nino occupied a window seat on the flight from Havana to Miami, watching the blue Atlantic pass under the wings of the Pan Am DC-3.
Last night, over a period of several hours, seated at a long table with Batista’s subordinates -- some in elaborate uniforms, others in dark suits -- they consumed a lengthy and elegant dinner. He lost track of the number of glasses of champagne Batista had consumed. Nino nursed his wine, occasionally holding his hand over his glass to keep the waiter from filling it. Lansky drank only water. Sometime after midnight Batista dismissed his people.
When the three were alone Batista lay out his plan. A patient negotiator, Lansky continued to discuss the details of the proposal until three o’clock in the morning, by which time, Batista was nodding off.
In bright sunlight, the DC-3 made its approach from the south as Nino watched the shadow ripple across the southern part of the city. Landing with a shriek of rubber, the plane taxied to the gate. When the engines stopped an unnatural silence filled the cabin as people began to pass slowly down the aisle.
Nino walked down the steep narrow steps and saw two men get out of a parked car and start toward the gate. As he walked across the apron, he recognized Concannon who was wearing the same wrinkled seersucker he had worn the morning he arrested Nino. Dressed in a dark gray double-breasted suit the other man had a bandage on his face and was wearing dark glasses. As Nino drew closer, he recognized Allan Frank and knew the hit had failed.
“Good afternoon, Mister Morelli,” Allan said.
Nino nodded.
“Nice afternoon. Headed for the track?”
“Yeah.”
“Late last night an attempt was made on my life,” Allan said. “The doctor said that if one of the pellets from the shotgun blast had been two inches higher I would have lost the sight of my right eye. They took eight pellets from my face and twelve pellets from my neck and I’ll carry the scars the rest of my life. Do you know anything about this, Mr. Morelli?”
Nino shook his head.
“Well, onto other things. I think you know why Alex Balfe appointed me as Special Prosecutor. As I’m sure you know, there are a lot of bookmakers operating illegally in Miami.”
Nino maintained his silence.
Allan said, “I understand you have been to Havana for a meeting with Batista.”
Nino tried to keep a straight face.
“Mister Morelli, it’s common knowledge that you routinely fix races.” 
“I never fixed a race in my life,” Nino said emphatically.
“You did conspire with Jed Harbeck to fix a race. Is that correct?”
His anger growing, Nino said, “I’ve never had anything to do with Harbeck.”
“And when the horse won Jed Harbeck met a mysterious death at either your hands, or the hands of your man, Sharkey. Am I right?”
“I already went through all this with your friend, Concannon, here,” said Nino, his patience becoming exhausted.
“And then the only eye-witness shows up dead, his heart pierced with a knife.”
Nino had no comment.
“Trust me, Mister Morelli,” Allan said. “I will have sufficient evidence to get a warrant. Face the inevitable, your days are numbered.”
Before Nino could answer Allan turned on his heel and began walking back to his car. Concannon hesitated a moment.
“You ought move to Havana, Morelli,” Concannon said.
“Go to hell.”
Concannon smiled and walked away.
All the way to the track Nino fumed silently in the back seat. Despite the front he had put up he knew Frank posed a serious threat to his gambling operations, and it would cost Nino a lot of money. His other illegal activities generated a fraction of the revenue he received from his horse parlors.
By the time he reached the track he had calmed down and was able to view the problem and the solution he had at hand.
“Good afternoon, Mister Morelli,” the club manager said as he greeted Nino at the door extending his hand to palm a twenty.
“Your usual table, Mister Morelli?” the manager asked.  
The waiter put a Daiquiri in front of Nino as he looked through his binoculars, scanning the boxes. Mr. and Mrs. P. A. B. Widener sat with their friends, the Firestones. Rumor had it that old man Widener had spent over fifty thousand dollars to get gambling legalized at race tracks in Florida. When somebody like Widener bribed officials it was okay, but if Nino Morelli put somebody on the pad it was a criminal offense.
Nino looked at his watch. It was close to four o’clock and Sam Foster had not appeared. He would send Sharkey to find him.    
“The horses have reached the starting gate.”
Nino turned his attention to the next race as he sipped his Daiquiri.  He had picked Lamplighter to win the six furlong race, even though he had finished third in his last start. Nino figured the horse had a good chance to at least place or maybe even win.
He watched Lamplighter through his glasses as they loaded the horse in the five hole, not a good post position, but not a bad one either. The eight horse acted up going into the gate. Hialeah had installed the new electric starting gate that year, and some of the horses shied from it.
When the bell rang Lamplighter jumped off to a good start and in the scramble for initial positions ended up running third, about one length behind the leader.
Nino followed the progress of the race through his glasses, watching the jockey holding the three position. If he could maintain third place on the outside he would be in good position to make a bid for first. Nino looked over at the board to check the fractions for the first quarter. Twenty-four seconds. Not too fast.
Through the back stretch the jockey continued to keep Lamplighter in third place. As they went into the turn the jockey hit the horse a couple of times. Turning into the stretch Lamplighter came even with the front runner. At the sixteenth pole Lamplighter appeared to be slipping back, but the jockey hit him again. By the time they passed the finish line Lamplighter nosed out the other horse in a close finish.
Nino couldn’t remember standing up, but as Lamplighter passed the finish line, he sat down heavily and remembered he hadn’t put any money on the horse.
Sharkey sat beside Nino and leaned forward to say quietly. “I got some bad news for you, boss.”
After Frank’s appearance at the airport and having forgotten to make a bet on Lamplighter Nino wasn’t ready for any more bad news.
“Sam Foster’s dead.”
“What?”
“He fell down the stairs at the Turf Club and broke his leg. They took him to the hospital and he croaked.”
“What killed him?”
“I don’t know, boss.”
The board flashed the payoffs: $28.20 to win, $8.60 to place, and $4.30 to show.
Ω
The atmosphere in The Finish Line was quiet. It seemed simpler to cremate Sam’s remains than to bury them. The urn of ashes that had been Sam sat on the bar next to the Finish Line marker, an appropriate place for a horseman. Arthur would take the urn back to Kentucky with him and bury it next to remains of Sam’s wife. At the other end of the bar, Panama had placed a box into which people put contributions to defray the funeral expense.
Against the somber background of Sam’s mourning friends, Panama sat with Arthur in a booth at the back of the saloon. A half full glass gathered condensation on the table in front of Panama. Arthur wore a pair of thick rimless glasses that constantly slipped down his nose, only to be restored by the index finger on his right hand. He bore a slight resemblance to Sam, his legal father, but he had several features, which were distinctly different. His eyes, for example, were brown, while Sam’s were blue. He was tall and thin, while Sam was short and barrel-chested.  Panama wondered if those physical characteristics were inherited from his mother, or if he had received the features from his mother’s lover.
Panama told Arthur about his arrangement with Sam, being quite specific as to the terms.
“You think Cakewalk will be able to get in the Derby?” Arthur asked.
“He’s a nice little colt, but a lot can happen between now and the first Saturday in May.”
Panama drained his drink and set the empty glass on the table. “If there’s any question about my share, I got a paper Sam signed to prove it.”
“I know you wouldn’t lie to me. But, if you could get a copy made and send it to me, I’d appreciate it.”
As Arthur peeled the label off a bottle of Budweiser, he began talking about the past and the events which had led to Sam’s departure. Panama sensed that Arthur needed to talk, more for his own benefit than for Panama’s. With the help of his grandfather, Arthur had been able to attend Vanderbilt and get through law school at Kentucky State. He had a wife and two small children and practiced law in Lexington. Somehow, Panama got the impression that Arthur’s practice produced only a marginal income.
Arthur leaned back, saying, “It must have been a terrible shock to my father when he learned that my mother had been carrying on a long affair with another man. And to make matters worse, it was his best friend. That’s when he left and never came back.”
Arthur talked about Sam’s abandonment of him, his sister, and mother. Panama could tell Arthur was dwelling obsessively on a question that had been haunting him for the past twenty odd years. But, the longer Arthur talked, the more Panama’s indecision grew. He decided while listening to Arthur talk about the past that some truths were better left untold.
Ω
Women in long evening gowns and men in tuxedos filled every table at the Latin Quarter. People stood three deep at the bar. You had to slip the maitre’d a fifty, and even then he put you at a table in the back of the room.
Nino had commandeered a front row table. The blue-eyed blond, Anne Van Patten, wore a sequined covered dress with a plunging neck line, revealing every luscious inch of her body. On her right, Joe E. Brown kept looking down her dress, which did not please her fiancée. Charles Vincent and his wife sat next to Jimmy DePalma, a young hood from New York. Vincent, Vice President of the First National Bank of Miami, took care of the proceeds of Nino’s illegal businesses.
On Christmas Day in 1940, Pal Joey opened at the Ethyl Barrymore Theater in New York. Richard Rogers wrote the music, Lorenz Hart produced the lyrics, and John O’Hara wrote the book. It starred Gene Kelly and June Havoc. Van Johnson danced in the chorus.
When the house lights dimmed, a single spotlight shined on an aspiring young singer dressed in white tails, opening the show with one of the songs from Pal Joey: “If they asked me, I could write a book, about the way you walk, and whisper, and look.” The chorus line appeared, dancing in the background.
Watching the dancers, Nino spotted Lucky. She looked familiar, but he couldn’t remember where he had seen her.  He leaned across the table and said softly to Sharkey.  “You see that dark-haired dancer second from the right?”
Sharkey looked and nodded.
“What’s her name?”
“Lucky. Lucky Stevens.”
Now he remembered. She had been at Sally Rand’s party.  He had gotten her a job in the show and she had come back to his suite. She was Panama Boudreaux’s girl. Like pieces of a puzzle falling into place, he made the connection.  Nino borrowed a pencil from the waiter and wrote a note on the back of a blank Latin Quarter check. He wrapped a five dollar bill around the note.
While the patrons gave a polite applause, deep blue light bathed the stage. The orchestra played dreamy music, while Sally Rand, the greatest exotic dancer in the world, appeared, beautiful and naked, twisting and turning behind two huge ostrich fans. The tasteful arrangement of Miss Rand’s routines made her entry into the polite society of supper clubs an acceptable event. Even the women were captivated by her grace.
At the end of her dance, the audience gave her a standing ovation, and some people stood on their chairs clapping and cheering with complete abandon.
When the waiter brought fresh buckets of champagne, Joe E. Lewis, sitting at the other end of the table, stuffed a ten dollar bill in his jacket pocket. “Here, brother, take this. And don’t spend it on food.”
As everyone laughed, Lewis called down the length of the table, “Hey, Nino, remember the time we gave Sharkey the hot foot?”
Without waiting for a reply, Lewis launched into a story.  “We was sitting in Jack Dempsey’s one night. Who was there, Nino?”
“I don’t know. Maybe Jimmy Blue Eyes, couple other guys.”
“I told everybody I had to go make a phone call, but I crawled back on my hands and knees and put a book of matches under Sharkey’s number fourteens and lit it. You should have seen the expression change on his face when he jumped up and saw his pants were on fire. He threw a glass of water to put out the fire and started hopping around like a two ton gorilla with Saint Vitus’ dance.”
Everybody at the table laughed again, looking from Sharkey to Lewis and back again. Sharkey obviously didn’t enjoy being made a sap in front of everyone. His hands formed into fists as his face turned red. He got up, threw his napkin on the table and walked away.
Nino saw Lucky threading her way through the crowded tables. Standing up to greet her, he took her hand and pulled her close to kiss her cheek.
As she sat down next to Nino, the people at the table stared at Lucky’s dark beauty and her elaborate costume.
Ann Van Patten said to Lucky, “Have you been a dancer long?”
“Only about three years.”
“It must be very exciting to work with Miss Rand,” Henry Wolsheim said.
“Yeah. She’s a real queen.”
“You getting treated okay?” Nino asked.
“Sure. Why wouldn’t I be with you for a friend?” Lucky smiled.
Nino smiled back as he put his hand on the bare skin of Lucky’s thigh, exposed through the slit in her costume. He made no effort to move it when she looked at him. Nino’s touch felt cold and clammy. Lucky suppressed the shudder that ran through her entire body. Nino felt the warmth of Lucky’s firm muscles beneath her smooth skin and was instantly aroused. He caressed her exposed thigh for a few seconds before Lucky made a move to re-cross her legs letting Nino’s hand slip off her leg in the process.
The conversation jumped from one subject to another, and sometime during Lucky’s second glass of champagne the people at the table decided they would move on to another club.
Nino leaned in close to Lucky and whispered in her ear, “Listen, sweet cakes. I’m tied up tonight, but maybe tomorrow afternoon I could send Sharkey around to pick you up. I want to talk to you about a couple things I have on my mind that might help your career.” 
As the women steadied their capes and boas over their shoulders Nino was the last to rise, wanting to savor the final seconds of his sensual contact with Lucky.


Chapter 13


“Hey, Uncle Bull,” Floyd said, “do tadpoles have a dick?”
Uncle Bull lifted a bale of straw off the wheel barrow.
“I don’t think they do,” Floyd said.
Tad leaned the pitchfork against the stall door and picked up the water bucket.
“And, I think when a tadpole changes into a frog, he still ain’t got no dick either.”
Floyd snickered as he stood in the middle of the shed row with his hands in his pockets, speaking loud enough for everyone to hear.
“Hey, Tadpole, have you got a dick? I bet you ain’t. If you ain’t got no dick, how do you jack off?”
It was the last straw for Tad. He turned on Floyd and said, “Why the hell don’t you just let me alone so I can do my job? Why you always ragging on me like I was some kind a idiot?”
“Hey. The Tadpole’s getting mad.”
Floyd stepped closer to Tad. He punched Tad’s shoulder and then raised his fists and crouched down in a boxer’s stance.
“You want to fight, Tadpole?”
“No, I don’t want to fight. I just want to be left alone.”
Tad turned and walked away, heading for the faucet to fill the bucket. As he watched the water flow into the bucket he felt like two cents. He didn’t want to pick a fight with Floyd and he knew if he did, he would get his ass whipped.
Tad walked back to the stall, carrying the water bucket, which he placed next to the door. He turned and looked at the ratty little bay that was mean enough to bite anyone that came near. Using a long lead, he had tied the little bay to the upright. He tried to figure out how to get the mean little gelding into the stall. He walked closer and waved his arms.
“Shoo,” he said.
The horse put his ears back and moved away, stretching out the lead shank so that Tad had the opportunity to untie the line from the upright. The horse rolled his lips back and made a lunge. Tad smacked him across the nose with the knotted end of the shank. The horse moved back abruptly, nearly pulling the lead shank out of his hand. For a moment Tad thought the horse would break loose, but the knot at the end of the shank stopped the rope from slipping through his hands.
“Get in that stall, you ornery little son of a bitch,” Tad shouted.  
The horse tried to rear, but Tad yanked on the line and pulled his head down. He bucked a few times, kicking out with his hind legs.
“You hard-headed little shit, get in that stall,” Tad said, giving the horse another smack with the lead shank.  The little bay put his ears back and bounded into the stall. Tad approached the colt with great care, keeping a length of line dangling from his right hand.
“Now, you going to let me take this lead shank off, ain’t you.”
Tad reached up under the bay’s jaw and snapped off the lead line. The horse went straight for the feed box and began munching the grain with his ears laid back and his eyes wide.
Tad saw the pitchfork in the corner sticking out of the straw. He was sure he had taken it out of the stall and leaned it against the door. He pulled the pitchfork free and saw a big black rat stuck on the tines. The sight of the rat gave him a start and he dropped the pitchfork. So that was what Floyd had been doing while he filled the water bucket. He picked up the pitchfork and stormed out of the stall.
As soon as Floyd saw him he poked Uncle Bull in the ribs and tried to look innocent. In three short steps Tad stood in front of Floyd and swung the handle of the pitchfork, catching Floyd squarely on the jaw. Floyd fell over backwards from the force of the blow and lay on his back, nearly unconscious. Tad stuck the tines of the pitchfork against Floyd’s neck.
“You think this is funny?” Tad said. “You know what I think would be funny? I think seeing you bite the head off this rat would be real funny. You want to do that, Floyd?  Huh?”
He pushed the tines deeper, nearly puncturing the skin of Floyd’s throat.
“I ought to stick you with this pitchfork you no good lousy son of a bitch.”
Floyd was trying his best to press himself into the dirt.
“You think you’re pretty hot,” Tad yelled. “I’m going to tell you something. You either quit ragging on me, or so help me God, I’m going to stick this pitchfork into you.  You understand?”
Floyd’s eyes were bulging as he tried to inch away from the points of the pitchfork but Tad kept the pressure on.
“You hear what I’m saying?”
Floyd nodded.
“Okay, just you keep your filthy mouth shut, Floyd.”
He pulled the pitchfork away from Floyd’s throat and with a thrust, forced the rat’s body off the tines onto Floyd’s chest.
Ω
At the break, Jake Green walked over to Lucky. “Can I talk to you a minute?”
“Sure.”
Lucky could feel the eyes of the other girls on her as she followed Jake across the room to a quiet corner. Lucky was sure they had all spread their legs for Jake to get a place in the line. She was thankful to Nino for saving her from having that slimy little bastard on top of her.
Jake Green leaned up against the wall and put his hands in his pockets, looking at Lucky through narrowed eyes.
“I don’t know what you got going with Morelli, and I don’t care. Let’s quit kidding each other, Morelli owns a piece of this joint, and if he says you’re in the show, you’re in the show.”
“So, what’s your beef?”
“I ain’t got no beef. Morelli says you’re in, you’re in. Maybe you scratch my back, I scratch yours.”
Lucky didn’t know where Jake was heading.
“Listen, if you was to put in a good word for old Jake, I might find some other way to reward you. Maybe give you a bigger part. Maybe even invent some kind of feature number for you. You got the looks and the moves, that’s for sure.”
Lucky was beginning to be suspicious.
“Maybe you and me could be friends.”
“I don’t need any new friends. I got all the friends I need.”
“Don’t get sassy. Just take it a step at a time. Morelli may not be your friend for life. He may find some other skirt that strikes his fancy and dump you like a ton of bricks. You hear what I’m saying?”
“I get you. Thanks, but no thanks.”
Lucky turned away and walked into the dressing room. She went to her table and sat in front of the mirror, bending over to unlace her shoes. It seemed rather quiet in contrast the normal rowdy behavior. She looked up and saw everyone staring at her. One of the girls lit a cigarette and walked over to stand behind Lucky, her face reflected in the mirror.
“So, how’s Nino’s little whore today.”
“What’d you say?” Lucky asked, surprised by the girl’s boldness.
“You are, aren’t you. Nino’s whore.”
“You better watch your mouth,” Lucky said, getting up to face her.
“Ooh. Now we’re going to get tough. Nino’s getting into your pants. Am I right?”
“I ain’t never been to bed with Mister Morelli.”
“Mister Morelli. Mister Morelli,” the girl said.
“I got this job because I can dance, and I’m just as good looking as anybody else in the line.”
“You got this job ‘cause you’re screwing Nino Morelli. Ain’t that right girls?”
They all agreed.
“You don’t know how to dance worth a shit.”
Lucky felt her throat tighten as tears welled in her eyes. She squinted them shut to hide her fear. “I can dance just as good as anybody here.”  
“Well, I still say you’re screwing Morelli.”
Lucky slapped the girl hard across the face. They rolled around on the floor, punching, scratching, pulling each other’s hair while the other girls yelled. Jake Green ran into the room. He pulled Lucky and the other girl to their feet and held them at arm’s length.
“Shut up! Shut up,” Jake kept saying until everyone was quiet. “Any more fighting, I’ll fire the both of you. You want to keep this job, you better act nice, or you’ll be out on your ass.”
Ω
Sharkey leaned against Nino’s car, his arms crossed, towering over the hood. Lucky stared at the stunning black Fleetwood limousine with wide white wall tires and gleaming chrome. Anger and indignation burned inside her. At that point, she didn’t know whether she wanted to go to Nino’s penthouse, or not. She had no idea what he wanted, but one thing was sure, he would most likely try to put a move on her.
She walked over to Sharkey, hesitated for a moment, and thought of telling him she would come another time. As if Sharkey had read her mind, he opened the back door and motioned for her to get in. A momentary pang of conscience passed through her when she thought about Panama. She took a deep breath and stepped into the car.
During the brief ride from the Latin Quarter to the St. Moritz, Lucky felt her body sink into the soft leather seats. The common quality of her clothing marked a contrast to the rich interior of the limo. Looking out the window at the people they passed on the street, she felt like a queen riding to her coronation.
When Sharkey pulled up in front of the hotel entrance, she thought of what Panama had done for her and began to have second thoughts. Sharkey opened the door and stood aside, taking her hand as she got out of the car and escorted her up the steps and through the glass doors.
Ω
Standing in the doorway to the balcony, Lucky looked at Nino stretched out asleep on a chaise wearing just his swimming trunks. She let her eyes trace the outlines of his smooth, deeply tanned body.
“Nice view,” she said.
Nino’s eyes opened quickly. When he saw Lucky standing there, he reached out his hand. Lucky walked across the balcony. He took her hand and drew her down to sit on the edge of the chaise.
“How you doing, doll?”
“Tip top,” she said with a smile.
“How’s the show coming?”
“Great,” she said, recalling the recent fight in the dressing room. She looked over the banister at the miles of white sand bounded by the blue Atlantic.
“You want some champagne?” Nino asked.
“Don’t mind if I do.”
He motioned behind her. She turned around and saw a bottle on floor in a bucket of ice. She took the bottle out and handed it to Nino. He twisted off the foil and the wire and pried the cork out with his thumbs. When the cork popped out, it flew over the banister.
Nino put his hand to his mouth and shouted, “Look out below.”
“You always fire the corks over the side?” she asked, holding out two glasses.
“Nah. Sometimes I try to hit Sal in the ass.”
Even though Nino’s joke wasn’t funny, she laughed anyway. He poured the sparkling wine into the glasses, waiting for the fizz to subside.
As she sipped her wine, she noticed a scar just above the edge of his trunks on Nino’s left side. She ran her fingers along its length.
“What’s this?”
Nino looked down. “Knife fight when I was sixteen.”
She then noticed the scar over his eye. “And this?”
“Same guy.”
“What’d he look like after?”
“He never made it.”
She looked into his dark eyes, feeling repelled by the ease with which Nino could tell her he had killed another man.
“So,” she said, “you didn’t bring me here to show me your scars.”
“You’re right. I brought you here to talk a little business.”
She raised her glass and looked at him over the rim.
“Is it real business, or monkey business.”
He smiled. “Maybe a little of both.”
She lowered the glass. “Let’s talk about the real business.”
“Fair enough.”
He leaned back in the chaise. “There’s a certain race coming up on Saturday.”
“The Widener.”
Nino nodded.
“There’s two horses in this race that can win it. One horse, Big Pebble, is a horse I have a serious interest in seeing in the winner’s circle.”  Looking more closely into Lucky’s eyes, he drained his wine glass and held it out for more. She poured champagne in his glass and the fizz overflowed. Nino tried to drink the excess but some fell onto his bare chest. Lucky wiped it away with her hand and, without thinking put her fingers in her mouth. Nino put his hand on the back of her neck and drew her face close to his. Looking into her eyes, he hesitated just before their lips met, and he slipped his hand into her blouse.
“Are we starting the monkey business now?” Lucky asked, pulling away from Nino’s grasp.
“Do you want to?”
She looked from one dark eye to the other. Taking his hand away from her breast, she said, “Maybe we ought to finish the real business first.” She sat up.
“As I was saying, the horse trained by our mutual friend is a serious threat to my interest. If, by chance, our mutual friend’s horse should win this certain race and the horse I have an interest in should lose, I would be unhappy, and when I’m unhappy I like to make whoever made me unhappy, unhappy too. In which case, our mutual friend might meet with a certain unfortunate accident.”
Lucky’s throat tightened, and her hands began to tremble. She looked Nino in the eye and felt waves of fear pass over her.
“Now, if there was some way a person could find to dope our mutual friend’s horse, my gratitude would be very heavy. It would make me very happy and when I’m happy, I’m very generous with the person who made me happy.” 
Lucky swallowed with great difficulty. “Just how do you think that person can cause our mutual friend’s horse to lose.”
“You’re a smart girl.  You been around the block a few times.”
“What do you mean? I don’t know nothing about doping horses. What am supposed to do, slip the jockey a mickey?”
“That might work,” he said, nodding. “But, then again, there’s lot’s of jockeys around.”
“Hey, listen, Nino. I mean, what you’re asking me to do is going to hurt Panama.”
She saw a fleeting streak of meanness cross his face. His eyes were dark and cold. Nino took Lucky’s trembling hand.
“Listen, Doll, let me lay it out for you straight. I think you could find a way to put something in the horse’s water on race day. Now suppose this something would make the horse run slow. You know? It wouldn’t do the horse any harm, just make him groggy.”
Lucky got up, walked over to the balcony, looking out at the Atlantic, her back to Nino. Over a fleeting moment, she thought about her feelings for Panama. She was frightened, and she knew if she didn’t do what Nino wanted and Cakewalk won the Widener, Nino was sure to hurt Panama, maybe even kill him. She felt loyalty to Panama, he had done a lot to help her out of a desperate situation, and she didn’t want to get involved in anything that would put his life at risk. She was also aware that if she didn’t agree to help Nino her job on the chorus line, maybe even her own life, could be gone without warning. She turned around and leaned her back against the railing. The sun was in her face, and she had to squint to see Nino.
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“I don’t know. Get somebody that works around the horse like a groom, or a hot walker.”
She drank the rest of her champagne and put the glass on the banister, turning to look out over the ocean. It was a clear day. The water sparkled in the sunlight, and the sky was perfectly clear without a cloud as far as her eye could see. Below, she could hear the sound of the surf and looked down the beach at the strip of white sand where the waves rolled in. Lucky considered the situation, and thought it was not the kind of setting where you could plot something as sinister as another person’s death.
“I don’t know, Nino. I got to have a little time to think about it.”
He got up and walked over to her.
“Today is Thursday. You ain’t got much time, so you better come up with something fast. I don’t like to be kept waiting. I sometimes do things I regret later. You get my drift?”
Lucky turned around, leaned back against the banister and looked into Nino’s eyes. They were cold and dark. At that moment, she knew that he would stop at nothing to get what he wanted.
His eyes softened and he smiled. He put his hands on Lucky’s hips and drew her close to him. She put her hands on his shoulders, and pushed him away, arching her back to draw away from his embrace. But, Nino wouldn’t have it. He pushed her back into the railing and pressed his lips hard onto hers.
Ω
During the short ride back to The Finish Line, Lucky sat in the back seat of the taxi and shuddered. She would tell Panama that Nino was planning to fix the Widener. But, after thinking about it for a few more seconds, she knew if she told Panama, she would be putting his life on the line. She thought about Nino telling her he had killed a man when he was sixteen. If she went to the police and told them that Nino was trying to fix the race, they probably wouldn’t do anything. It was his word against hers, and she had no witnesses to confirm her side of the story. Then came the sudden realization that she would be putting her own life and Panama’s at risk if she didn’t do what Nino wanted.
“Lady?” the driver said.
Lucky looked up.
“The fare’s eighty-five cents.”
She fished in her purse and pulled out a dollar.  “Keep the change,” she said. She got out of the cab and walked into The Finish Line.
Lucky went straight upstairs to the bathroom and began to draw a hot bath. She had to figure out a way to keep Nino from fixing the race without risking her life, or Panama’s. She threw her purse on the floor near the tub and began to undress. Looking past her own reflection in the mirror, she saw Panama come through the door as she bent down the remove her shoes.
Panama closed the door, and with his hands behind his back, leaned up against it. “What were you doing at the Saint Moritz.”
Lucky froze. “How did you know I was there?”
“I was up at Lincoln Road buying a suit, and I saw you take a taxi from the Saint Moritz to The Finish Line. You were with Nino, weren’t you?”
“It ain’t what you think, Panama.”
“How long has this been going on?”
“Listen --”
“You’re lying.”
“Panama --”
“When you walked into The Finish Line the night we met, it was pretty clear what your intentions were. There were no promises between us. But, things are different now.”
“You’re right,” Lucky said. “I didn’t have any choice then.”
“So, tell me the truth. Are you sleeping with Morelli?”
“If you believe I been sleeping with Nino, you’re dead wrong. Listen, I’ve got something to tell you.”
“Are you selling your body to Nino?”
She took off her other shoe and got into the tub, turning away from Panama, trying to hold back the tears. She stood for a few moments in the hot bath water trying to suppress the sobs that were welling up within her chest. Folding her arms over her bare breasts to hide the spasms of pain she felt in her heart she turned to face Panama.
“You won’t listen, will you?”
“Well, what were you doing at the Saint Moritz?  Playing jacks?”
It was hopeless. She used the palm of her hand to wipe away the tears. “You ain’t got no reason to change your life. You keep a part of you hidden, and you won’t let nobody see it.”
“That’s right. I ain’t going to stop doing what I’m doing. Horse racing is what I know.”
“You stay in your own little world, going from track to track, handicapping horses, shooting the breeze with your pals. Let’s face it, Panama. No promises have been made, or even offered for anything permanent.”
“So what’s the point?”
“The point is, I don’t want to move into some rose-covered cottage.”
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about.”
Panama turned away slamming the door behind him.
Lucky sat down in the bath tub, covering her face with her hands, sobbing softly. She lay back in the warm water, staring at the ceiling, her throat ached, and tears ran down her cheeks. After all he had done for her did really Panama think she would let Nino get into her pants? She sat up to turn off the water before it overflowed and dried her eyes with her hands. She had to find some way to pull it off.
Ω
Twilight had fallen. An offshore breeze drove the clouds out to sea. Tad and Richard sat behind The Finish Line, watching nighthawks fly their erratic paths against the blood red sky. Lucky suddenly appeared in the doorway.
“You want to get lost?”
Richard smiled, his glowing teeth fading into the darkness. As Tad stood up, Lucky walked toward him.
“I did what you said, Lucky. I backed Floyd down.”
He told her about the rat on the pitchfork and how he had knocked Floyd down and threatened to stick him in the throat. Lucky gave Tad a weak smile and turned her face into the moonlight. Tad noticed her eyes were red.
“You been crying?”
“Let’s take a little walk,” she said, taking his hand.
Lucky walked behind the pile of trash cans. She glanced into Tad’s eyes, looking from one to the other and then put her hand on his shoulder. He felt the pressure of her hand and didn’t know what was going to happen next. He felt his knees buckle and he feared he would topple over at her feet. The mixture of fear and attraction was almost more than he could bear.
“Listen,” she whispered, caressing the back of his head, “I need you to do something for me.”
Ω
It was seven thirty in the evening. Dressed in black slacks and a black sweater, Lucky stood in the middle of Nino’s suite. The double French doors that led out to the veranda were open, and a gentle on shore breeze blew through the silk shear curtains. The quiet rustle of the curtains luffing in the night air was the only sound in the room. Lucky stood stock still with her arms folded around her breasts.
Nino had taken off his suit coat, loosened his tie, and was sitting on the couch. He was rubbing the scar over his eye and in his other hand he held a scotch and soda. He looked skeptical. A frown began to spread over his face. As he unconsciously swirled the scotch and soda the ice cubes clinked in an almost imperceptible pianissimo against the crystal high ball glass.
“So you’re telling me this kid that works for Panama is going put the dope in Cakewalk’s water bucket. Is that it?”
“Yes, that’s right.” Lucky answered.
“Didn’t you tell me he was Panama’s best friend’s kid, or something like that?”
“Yes, but he and Panama ain’t getting along so well. It’s all on account of Floyd.”
“So, who’s Floyd?”
Lucky squeezed herself a little tighter.
“Well, Floyd’s worked for Panama a long time. He ain’t been what you call nice to Tad. He’s always ragging on the kid and calling him names.”
“Like what kind of names?”
Lucky hesitated, turning her face to look through the French doors at the ocean outside. “He calls him Tadpole.”
Nino smiled. He stopped rubbing the scar, stood up and walked across the room to freshen his drink.
“You already said the drug wouldn’t hurt Cakewalk. Is that right?” Lucky asked turning to Nino as he crossed the room.
With his back to Lucky Nino replied, “Yeah, that’s right. It’ll just make him groggy.” He turned and asked, “You want something?”
Lucky shook her head. 
Nino turned back to the bar and put a few ice cubes in his glass. As he poured the scotch, he wondered if the Lucky was telling the truth. He turned around and leaned up against the bar. “So, tell me one more time what the kid’s going to do.”
“Well, early Saturday morning while he’s mucking out Cakewalk’s stall, he’ll wait till there’s no one else around and pour the dope in the water bucket.”
Nino studied Lucky closely.
“Satisfied?” Lucky asked.
“Not yet.” Nino walked across the room and looked into her eyes. “I don’t believe you. Somehow, your story don’t make sense. Why would the kid want to dope Panama’s horse?  You know what this race means to Panama, and it’s real important that he win this race to get a gate at the Derby. So what’s in it for the kid?”
Lucky took Nino by the arm and said, “You and me have to have a few words.”
She led Nino into the bedroom and shut the door. She leaned into Nino draping her arms around his neck and kissed him long and slow.
“So what are you going to do for this kid?” Nino said.
“It ain’t because he’s mad at Panama. I told him if he didn’t do this for me you were going kill me. He thinks he’s going to save my life by doping Cakewalk.”
Nino looked doubtful and shook his head.
“Is that such a surprise for a sixteen year old kid that’s lost his mother and his father? He thinks I’m the cat’s meow. He’ll do anything I tell him to.”
“So you’re telling me the kid thinks he’s going rescue his new found mother from the big bad gangsters by putting the dope in the water bucket, is that it?”
“That’s right.”
Nino shook his head. “Suppose he gets cold feet.”
“He won’t. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Yeah, well, you better. Or, it’s going to be your ass on the line. Like I said, I am very generous with my friends. When someone helps me, I show my appreciation. I help them back. Anyone double-crosses me doesn’t live to see the light of day. Don’t shit where you eat – capiche?”
Lucky nodded her head. She opened the door and walked out, Nino trailing behind her.
“Okay, Nino. I’ve got a show to do,” Lucky said over her shoulder. Nino reached out his free hand and pulled Lucky in close. He stared into her eyes with a cold black look.
“Listen, if you say you’re going to get this done, you better deliver. Otherwise...” Nino raised the high ball glass, and sticking out his index finger, slowly and sensually drew the manicured nail across Lucky’s throat.
“Just to be certain the kid comes through I’m sending Sharkey over to pick you up before the race. If, for some reason, I should be disappointed in you Sharkey will know what to do. He doesn’t like people who disappoint me. And, then after you’re gone I’ll take my time getting the kid and Panama, too. The track can be a dangerous place. Lots of bad things can happen working around race horses.”
Lucky looked back at Nino. He could see the fear in her eyes. Without saying anything else Lucky turned and walked out the door, closing it softly.
Nino threw back his head and laughed. He walked over and looked out through the open french doors. He sipped slowly from his drink, savoring the taste of the scotch as the ocean waves far below lapped at the darkening shoreline. Nino finished his drink and put the glass carefully on the table and then walked slowly into the bedroom.


Chapter 14


The next morning dawned clear. An offshore wind blew the over the breakers on the beach. The sounds of the surf echoing against the building poured in with the sunlight through the open doors of Nino’s suite. Nino sat at one end of the couch in his pajamas and bathrobe while Tony Socks sat in a chair with the coffee table separating them. Nino had brought in Tony Socks to give him a run down on the action.
“Cakewalk got a bad ride in the McLennan, and he ain’t never run more than six furlongs,” Tony said. “But, he’s got a lot of distance runners in his breeding. Haltal, Get Off, and Bimelech could be possibles, but the horse to beat is Big Pebble.”
“He did okay last time out.”
“Yeah, but he’s a four year old, and I’m guessing the handicapper will put a lot of weight on him. Same for Haltal, Get Off, and Bimelech. I wouldn’t be surprised if he put one hundred and twenty-four pounds on Big Pebble, maybe even one hundred and twenty-six.”
“How much weight will Cakewalk carry?”
“He’s a three year old. He ain’t never won a race a mile better, so my guess would be one hundred and five, or one hundred and ten.”
“So give me an answer, Tony. How do you think Cakewalk will come out?”
“As I said, the horse to beat is Big Pebble. He had to run pretty hard to win the last race, and it looks like he’s coming down in form. My guess is Big Pebble and Cakewalk will hit the board as either first, or second. The betting’s going to be pretty heavy both on and off the track, especially in Dade County where Big Pebble is considered to be the home-town favorite. On the other hand, because the betting will be so heavy on Big Pebble, the mutual system would have higher odds on Cakewalk.”
“What kind of odds on Big Pebble?” Nino asked.
“Maybe as low as three to one.”
“What do you make the odds on Cakewalk?”
“Since Big Pebble beat Cakewalk in the McClennan, maybe eight to one.”
Nino got up and walked to the end of the room, rubbing the scar on his forehead. Normally, he would lay off part of the action, a service which the Syndicate provided for a percentage. Nino turned to face Tony Socks.
“Give a point over track odds. We ain’t going to lay off any part of the action.” 
Tony Socks looked confused.
“Boss, you’re taking a big chance here.”
Nino walked back across the room and leaned over Tony.
“Listen, Tony, I got Cakewalk dummied out, so we’re going to go naked.”
Tony Socks looked like he was going to argue. Nino put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Trust me.”
Ω
At around one in the afternoon, Concannon pulled up and parked in front of Dr. Shultz’s office. His car was nowhere in sight, so he assumed the doctor was out to lunch. He scrunched down in the seat and waited for Shultz to appear. He liked Frank, a young guy who looked like he was going places. If he could help Frank nail Morelli, he was sure Frank would put in a good word for him, which would certainly earn him at least a promotion. Some people said if Allan cleaned up the off-track gambling, he might have a shot at the DA’s job. It seemed like a good idea to hitch his wagon to Allan Frank’s star, because there was no telling when such a friendship would pay off.
Concannon watched an unshaven, middle-aged man dressed in shabby clothes walk down the street toward him. He looked a little shaky, and Concannon made a silent bet with himself that he would turn in to Shultz’s office.
He won the bet. Concannon wondered if narcotics addiction was, in fact, a disease. People were now saying alcoholism was a disease, so why not drug addiction? But, his job was to enforce, not interpret, the law. In the past few days, Concannon had arrested more than ten addicts, all of whom had script for drugs in their pockets written by Dr. Shultz.
A movement in the rear view mirror caught his eye. He watched the car approach and pass him to park in front of the office. Shultz got out and went inside. Concannon got out of his car and followed Shultz into his office.
The guy that Concannon had seen come in was waiting with another strung-out addict. Concannon knocked on the door to Shultz’s office.
When the nurse opened the door, she said, “Can I help you?”
“Is the doctor in?” Concannon asked.
“Yes.”
Behind the nurse, Concannon could see Shultz stand up behind his desk. Concannon pushed past the nurse.
“Are you Doctor Benjamin J. Shultz?”
“Yes, I am.”
“I have a warrant for your arrest.”
Behind him, Concannon heard the two addicts bolt from the waiting room.
Ω
In the late evening, Lucky sat in Nino’s suite her arm resting on the back of the couch. She was dressed in the same black slacks she had worn the day before, but instead of the black sweater she wore a white silk blouse so sheer Nino could see the outlines of her lacy brassier.
He finished his drink, got up and went to the bar to fix a fresh one. Turning to look at Lucky, he said, “You want something?” 
She shook her head.
He dropped a few ice cubes in the glass and poured some scotch over the ice. From the seltzer bottle, he sprayed a short burst of soda. He turned around, leaned his back against the bar, and took a sip. Her profile was silhouetted in the light from the lamp that burned off to the side. It was the only light in the room. He reached down and felt the firmness of his cock. The bulge in his pants grew larger, and he knew that he would be screwing Panama as much as he would Lucky. It made him feel like he was getting even with Panama. Maybe he would enjoy screwing Panama’s girl more than he would enjoy fixing the Widener.
Nino walked over to Lucky and stood behind the sofa.
“So, here’s the plan. The bottle of dope will be left before dawn under the straw in the corner outside of Cakewalk’s stall to the left of the stall door. All the kid has to do is take the dope, pour it in the water bucket, and give it to Cakewalk. Got it?”
“Yeah, got it.” Lucky answered to the darkness.
“Good,” Nino replied as he walked around the sofa to stand before Lucky. She got up and took the glass from Nino’s hand. She swallowed most of the contents while looking into his eyes.
“You want another?” she said.
Nino smiled and said, “Yeah, that’d be nice.”
She turned and walked behind the bar and began to mix a fresh drink.
Nino walked out on the balcony and looked out over the Atlantic. Low in the sky the light from the moon danced along the water making a sparkling path toward him. He took off his coat and threw it on the chaise and began unbuttoning his shirt. Lucky walked up, stood next to him, and handed him his drink.
Nino turned to face her, looking at her features in the moonlight. He reached out and stroked her cheek. She turned to look at Nino, covering his hand with hers. He moved his hand down curve of her neck, undid the top button of her blouse and, inserting his hand into her brassiere, he cupped the firmness of her breast. Lucky stared up into his eyes, looking from one to the other.
“So,” Nino said. “I got Sharkey outside with orders we ain’t to be disturbed. Now it’s time to start the monkey business.”
Ω
 Concannon had called Allan at one o’clock in the morning, interrupting Allan and Deborah in the carnal act. Allan’s mother had gone to visit his sister in Atlanta, and Matilda had gone to see her great grandchildren in Charleston, leaving the house available for sexual escapades.
Now, twenty minutes later, Concannon watched Allan walking up the steps, passing between the Doric columns to enter the Dade County Building. Concannon opened the door for Allan.
“This better be good, detective,” Allan said, as they walked swiftly down the hall to the room where Concannon had been questioning Shultz.
“Why didn’t you take Shultz to Police Headquarters?”
“Because once we charged him with a violation of the Harrison Act, the government would get involved.”
“You realize this is a violation of habeas corpus.” Concannon glanced over at Allan with a cold look in his eye.
“Listen, Mister Frank, we do this all the time.”
“If we have to take Shultz to court, his lawyer’ll most certainly file a motion to dismiss on grounds of illegal arrest and seizure.”
“So, what else is new? I promised Shultz immunity from prosecution. Without Shultz’s testimony against Morelli, he’s small potatoes anyway.”
They went inside the office and closed the door.  Shultz had his coat off and had loosened his tie. His shirt was soaked with sweat, and his eyes were big behind the thick lenses of his rimless glasses, giving him a look of misbegotten innocence.
“Doctor Shultz, you want to tell my partner here what you just told me?”
Shultz looked nervously at Allan, whose face was hidden in the shadows. “May I ask who you are?”
“He’s just another cop.”
Shultz nodded. “Are you going to charge me with conspiracy?”
“We sure are,” Concannon said, knowing the charge had little chance of holding, “but, you can avoid that by telling us about Nino Morelli and Jed Harbeck.”
“Can I have a cigarette?”
Concannon handed Shultz a pack of Camels and a box of matches. With trembling hands, Shultz lit a cigarette. He took off his glasses and polished the thick lenses, holding them up to the light to inspect his work.
“Look,” Shultz said, “I just gave Morelli the drugs. I didn’t know what he did with them after that.”
“Come on, Doc. You already told me you delivered the drugs to the trainers.”
Slowly hooking the wire frames around his ears, Shultz looked up at Concannon. He appeared anxious as he pulled at his necktie. When he didn’t speak, Concannon got up.
“Okay. Now you’re singing a different tune,” Concannon said. “You’re going to face the music and lose your license, maybe even draw a little time in the big house. You want it that way? It’s up to you.”  Concannon started for the door.
“Wait,” Shultz said, holding up his hand. “Tell me again about the offer.”
“Look Doc, we ain’t got all night to screw around with you. You want to make a deal, or not? One last time: if you give testimony that would get Morelli convicted of murder, I would forget about the scripts you wrote.”
Allan took Concannon by the sleeve. “Can we go out in the hall for a minute?”
Concannon and Allan stepped outside and closed the door.
“Listen,” Allan said, “I’m an officer of the court. If anybody finds out about this, I could get in major trouble with the bar on an ethics charge, and in addition, I’d be open to a charge of aiding and abetting a criminal.”
“You don’t want to use this testimony? Fine. We’ll take Shultz down to the station and book him.”
Allan thought a moment. “Just remember. I was never in that room. You understand?”
“I never saw you here. Schultz doesn’t know who you are.”
Allan nodded, and they went back into the room.
“Okay, Doctor, what’s the answer?” Concannon asked.
Shultz swallowed. “What do you want me to tell you?”
“The part about Jed Harbeck.”
Allan stood in the corner in the shadows. Concannon took a seat at the table. Shultz took a deep breath as he held the cigarette in trembling hands, the smoke rising in a straight line above the light.
“I don’t know what happened. When Invincible won, Nino thought that Harbeck hadn’t put the Chloral Hydrate in the water. But, then I knew I had made a mistake.”
Shultz stopped and covered his eyes with one of his hands. He started to speak, but neither Allan nor Concannon could understand what he was saying.
“Hey, Doc. Speak up,” Concannon said.
Shultz lifted his head and looked off into the distance. “When Nino talked to me, I assured him that I had given Harbeck the Chloral Hydrate, but I knew that I had gotten mixed up, that I had switched bottles.”
 “What do you mean?”
“I knew I had given Harbeck a saline solution. I watched Harbeck pour the contents of the bottle into the water bucket, but when Nino asked me if I had seen Harbeck, I lied.”
Shultz looked at Concannon, his face tortured with remorse.
“It’s my fault the horse won. It was my mistake, and Harbeck paid for my mistake with his life.”
“What did Morelli do when the horse won?”
Shultz looked away, unwilling to answer the question. Concannon picked up the pack of prescriptions from the desk and waved it in Shultz’s face.
“Doc. See these? I’m going to give you ten seconds to answer my question, or I’m going to turn these over to the FBI. Were you in the stall when Harbeck was killed?”
After a long silence, Schultz said clearly in a low voice, “Sharkey held Harbeck. He had his arms pinned behind his back. Sharkey had a hand over his mouth pulling his head back, stretching Harbeck’s throat. And then, with one simple motion Nino cut Harbeck’s throat.”
Ω
The next morning Nino’s head throbbed as he stood naked behind the bar. His dry mouth cried out for water. Leaning on one hand, he bent over and drank the cool water out of the tap and then splashed some more water over his face. Standing up straight, he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his head. He rubbed his temples and staggered over to the desk and sat down. He held his head in both hands as still as possible, waiting for the pain to subside.
The last thing he remembered was Lucky leading him into the bedroom, going down on her knees and unbuttoning his pants. After that everything was just a fog. He couldn’t recall screwing Lucky, it was all just a blank. The stabbing pain in his head subsided a bit, and putting two and two together he suddenly realized Lucky must have slipped something in the drink she made for him. He slammed his hand down on the desk, and the stabbing pain came rushing back worse than before. He would send Sharkey to find the little bitch and bring her back. Nobody screwed with Nino Morelli.
Then the phone rang.
“They arrested Shultz last night,” Morris said when Nino answered. “They’re charging him with writing script for addicts.”
“Jesus. I didn’t know he was doing that. When can you get him out?”
“Not until he’s arraigned. After that, we can make bail. Nino, I think we have a bigger problem here. If he becomes a witness for the state --”
“Never mind about Shultz. Right now, I got fifty grand out on Cakewalk at nine to one. I have the race rigged. But, if something slips up it’s too late now to lay off some of the money. We got to figure out how to pull this out of the fire.”
“Nino, I’m not going to involve myself --”
“Listen, Morris, we got to figure out something here.  Meet me at the Turf Club in an hour.”
“Nino, I don’t --”
“Be there.”
Ω
A taxi pulled up in front of The Finish Line in the pre-dawn light and Lucky jumped out. She quickly paid the driver and ducked inside. Quietly removing her shoes before climbing the stairs to avoid waking John, or Willie, she silently opened the door and peeked into Panama’s room. The bed was rumpled, and Panama was no where in sight. Already at the track, she realized. Panama always went to the track before dawn the day of a big race. She shut the door gently and walked the short distance to Tad’s door. It was half open, and she entered the room silently and sat down at down on the bed at Tad’s side. He was sound asleep, his face turned to the wall. She gently nudged him.
“Tad, wake up. I have to talk to you.” Lucky whispered. Tad rolled over, rubbing his eyes. Seeing it was Lucky, he was instantly awake.
Lucky rubbed Tad’s head and noticed he felt feverish. “What’s wrong? Why aren’t you at the track with Panama? Are you alright?”
“I came down with a cold from that day Floyd made me fill the water buckets in the rain. Panama said I should stay in bed. I begged him to go, but he wouldn’t let me. What are we going to do about Cakewalk’s water?” Tad stared intensely up at Lucky, a worried look on his face.
“Shh……never mind about that right now.” Lucky whispered, her hand still resting on Tad’s feverish forehead.
“Where have you been, Lucky? Panama and me have been worried sick. He was really pissed when you didn’t come home last night.”
“I was with Nino Morelli. I couldn’t leave ‘til this morning. He had his goon, Sharkey, watching the door all night.” Tad’s eyes grew large at this revelation.
“Listen, there’s something I have to tell you. I’m leaving town right away. Nino will kill me, if I don’t. He tried to get in my pants last night, but I pulled one over on him. He won’t be happy when he figures out what I did.”
“I want you to say good-bye to Panama for me. Tell him it couldn’t be helped, I had to leave. There’s no place for me with him in the long run anyway. He has his life and he’s not going to change it now. Tad you’ve got to put that dope in Cakewalk’s water bucket, or Nino will kill the both of you. Do you understand me?”
“Yes, Lucky. But, what will you do? Will I ever see you again?”
Lucky took a deep breath and let it out as she thought about the future. “I don’t know, Tad. Maybe some day I could come back when the heat dies down. It’s hard to say. Probably not. I can’t promise anything.”
“But, you have to promise me one thing.” Lucky said, looking Tad in the eye.
“Look out for Panama, stay with him. I know sometimes he can be rough around the edges. It seems like he doesn’t care most of the time, but deep down he’s got a good heart. And he does care about you, Tad. I know that, because he told me so. He let Floyd ride you a bit, because he thought it would be best for you to get used to life on the back side. He didn’t want to coddle you.”
Tad thought about that for a moment, remembering the suffering he went through at Floyd’s hand. He looked back at Lucky as she took his hand in both of hers.
“I’m proud of you for the way you stood up to Floyd. I knew you had it in you, but you had to find it yourself, Tad. Nobody can live our life for us. We each have to do what we have to do.”
“I’ll miss you, Lucky,” Tad said, tears welling up in his eyes.
“I’m going to miss you, too, Tad. Every day. But, there‘s no time for that now. You have got to get down to the track right away. You have to put that dope in Cakewalk’s water, or it will be Panama’s life.”
Lucky helped Tad out of bed, and put some clothes out for him while he quickly washed up in the bathroom. She called him a cab, and kissed him good-bye on the curb outside the Finish Line.
Tad sat quietly in the back seat of the cab as it made its way to the track. He thought about never seeing Lucky again, and it made him sad and angry at the same time.
“Why do I always have to loose the most important people to me?” He thought silently. “First my mother, then my dad. My teacher, Miss McAlum, and now Lucky.” Tad sniffled back the congestion in his nose as he contemplated how unfair it all was. He felt tired, cold, and alone.
Ω
Morris took a sip from the glass of club soda he held in his hand. He wore his white linen suit, badly in need of pressing, as usual. Morris sat across the table from Nino as his voice broke the silence of the empty Turf Club. 
“I just talked to one of my sources in the DA’s office. Our worst fears are realized. Shultz is going to implicate you. They’re going to charge you with conspiring to fix a race.”
Nino thought about this for a moment. If Morris was right, and the charge was conspiracy, Shultz would trade immunity from prosecution and Nino would get off with a lesser charge. But, if Shultz gave testimony, they would convict Nino of murdering Harbeck. Nino felt his neck swell as he pulled away his necktie, unbuttoned his shirt collar, breaking out in a cold sweat. He considered his options. He knew Morris knew nothing about Harbeck. But, if Shultz sang about Harbeck he’d have take it on the lam.
“It’s a class A misdemeanor,” Morris said. “A year in prison and a maximum fine of a thousand dollars. But, since this is a first offense, we can get the penalty reduced. Maybe even get you off with probation.”
Nino leaned forward to speak confidentially to Morris.
“Never mind about Shultz. Listen, this is the situation.”
Nino described how he had fixed the Widener, but skipped over the details of Lucky’s giving him the mickey, not wanting to embarrass himself. At the end of his story, the blood had drained from Morris’ face.
“Listen, Morris. I’m not paying you to fix traffic tickets. I’m paying you to have some say on how things turn out around here. You hear what I’m saying?”
Morris looked up at Nino and shook his head slowly.
“You better come up with something, or I could be out a half a million. You understand me? If Cakewalk wins the Widener, I’m belly up - and so are you.”
Morris took a deep breath. After a moment, he got up from the table, walked over to the window and stood, his hands in his pockets, looking out at the tractor leveling the track’s surface. He turned around and looked at Nino through narrowed eyes.
Ω
Sharkey walked into The Finish Line and looked around, taking a moment to let his eyes get used to the dim light. John stood behind the bar reading the paper. Willie stood a few feet from John, drinking her first beer of the day.
John looked up from the paper and said, “You looking for somebody?”
“Yeah,” Sharkey said, towering over John as he approached the bar. He pulled the revolver from a shoulder holster and set his elbows down on the bar, the gun pointed at John’s chest.
John raised his hands. “Is this a stick-up?”
“I’m looking for Lucky Stevens.”
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw Willie put her beer down slowly and reach under the bar for the double barrel shotgun she kept there.
“I ain’t seen her,” John said, never taking his eyes off the barrel of the gun pointed at him.
“Just tell me where she went,” Sharkey said.
Willie carefully lifted the shotgun from under the bar and leveled it, drawing both hammers back.
“Looks like we got one of them Mexican stand-ups, Mister,” Willie said. The two muzzles of the shotgun looked big and black to John.
“Is that thing loaded?” Sharkey asked in disbelief.
“You bet your sweet ass it is.” Nobody at the bar moved for several seconds.
The sound of high heels on the stairs broke the silence. Lucky came down the steps wearing a dusty mauve chiffon dress. Her matching slip could be seen beneath the gauzy material. Her long dark hair was pulled back in a pony tail. The delicate coloring of her make-up accentuated the lines of her face and, combined with the pastel color of her dress, gave her a look of confident elegance.
“I’m right here, Sharkey. I’ve been expecting you. Put the gun away.” Lucky said, as she walked up to Sharkey at the bar.
“I’ll put my piece away when that shotgun goes back behind the bar where it came from.” Sharkey motioned at Willie with the pistol.
“Well, my double barrel ain’t in no hurry to go nowhere, Mister,” Willie butted in. “This here’s my place, ain’t nobody comes in here waving pistolas around and threatenin’ my fambly.”
“It’s okay, Willie. I’m leaving with Mr. Sharkey. It’s all arranged.” Lucky said.
“Honey, are you sure you want to go with this big palooka? I’d be happy to blast a load of buckshot in his ass for you.” Willie gave Sharkey the hairy eye-ball and raised the shotgun another half inch closer to his chest.
“That won’t be necessary, Willie. Thanks just the same. It’s been good knowing you and John. I appreciate you putting me up here these past few months. Tell Panama good-bye for me.”
Willie hesitated for a moment then slowly lowered the shotgun a bit as Sharkey stepped away from the bar. He returned the gun to the shoulder holster under his suit coat as he and Lucky stepped outside. He put her in the back seat of the limo, and stepped quickly around the back of the car and got in the driver’s seat. He gunned the engine.  As the big car pulled away from the curb Lucky, sitting alone the back seat, did not look back.
Ω
Kline walked down the shed row, a policeman by his side. He spotted Panama at the end of the shed row wrapping Cakewalk’s ankles. Panama looked between the colt’s legs and saw Kline approaching. He stood up, leaving the wrap dangling around the horse’s hoof. Leaning his arms on the colt’s back, he watched Kline walk toward him. As Kline drew closer, the blank expression on Panama’s face faded, replaced by a questioning look.
“What’s up?” Panama said.
“There’s been a report that your horse has been drugged. That somebody put something in Cakewalk’s water.”
Floyd stopped cleaning the tack, and Uncle Bull came out of Cakewalk’s stall holding a pitchfork. Panama came around the colt’s hind quarters. Surprised at Kline’s comment, Panama said, “Who says that?”
“Never mind who says,” Kline said. “I’m going to scratch Cakewalk.”
Panama stepped back. “What? You can’t do that.”
“Well, I’m doing it.”
The colt stamped the foot with the loose wrap. Uncle Bull crossed the shed row to stand next to Panama.
“Listen, Mister Kline,” Uncle Bull said. “I’ve been here all morning, and I can tell you nobody put nothing in the water.”
“You think I’m crazy?” Kline shot back. “You think I’d let a horse into a race when someone says he’s been drugged? I can’t take any chances with a race this big. I’m going to have to scratch Cakewalk.”
“You can’t do that. We need this race,” Panama said.  “If he don’t run in this race, then his Derby prospects are up in smoke.”
“I don’t care about Derby prospects.”
“Listen, Kline,” Panama said. “It’ll take a couple of hours to get the test results and by that time, the race will be over.”
Kline shook his head. “You always were a crooked trainer. I knew McLennan shouldn’t have let you back. And now my prediction about you has come true.”
“Either you go along nicely,” the policeman said, “or I’m going to put the bracelets on you.”
“You got this all wrong,” Panama said, as he backed away.
The policeman grabbed his arm and snapped the handcuffs on his wrist.
“Don’t do this,” Panama pleaded to Kline as the policeman clapped the other handcuff on.
Kline smiled as he watched the policeman drag Panama away, stumbling along. Tad came rushing down the shed row from the opposite direction as the policeman was leading Panama away. His mouth fell open, and he stopped dead in his tracks when he recognized Panama as the man in the handcuffs. In his struggles, Panama didn’t notice it was Tad as he and the officer passed quickly down the shed row.
Kline turned and saw the loose wrap on Cakewalk’s ankle. “You better take that wrap off.”
“Mister Kline,” Uncle Bull said, “you better run some tests on Cakewalk’s water. Ain’t that right, Floyd?”
“Sure thing,” Floyd said.
“If you test the water and it turns out okay, then it’ll mean you made a big mistake.”
“Don’t threaten me, old man.”
Unnoticed, Tad walked up beside Uncle Bull and caught the gist of what he was saying to Kline.
“Well, you better run those tests. If you scratched Cakewalk on somebody’s say-so, then you’ll have answer for it.”
Kline knew what the old man said was true. The caller had not identified himself, and he had no way of knowing who it was. He knew he was anxious to find any reason to nail Panama, but if he tested the water and it came up clean, then he would be in a heap of trouble. It would mean his job, and he would have a lot of explaining to do.
“Show me the water bucket,” he said to Uncle Bull.
Uncle Bull led Kline into Cakewalk’s stall. As soon as Kline entered the stall, Uncle Bull slammed the door and secured the hasp with a hoof pick.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Kline yelled from behind the locked stall door. “You better let me out of here this instant, or there’ll be hell to pay!”
Floyd, and Uncle Bull looked at each other for a brief moment as Kline pounded on the stall door.
“Finish putting on the wrap,” Uncle Bull said.
“What’s going on?” Tad asked.
“They arrested Panama for doping Cakewalk’s water.” Floyd answered over his shoulder while he worked quickly and efficiently on Cakewalk’s wrappings. The horse stood patiently by, his ears up and alert, as Floyd was finished up.
“We’re getting Cakewalk in the race come hell, or high water,” Uncle Bull added.
“Get the tack out here on the double, Tad, while Floyd puts the finishing touches on those wrappings.”
Tad moved quickly to do as Uncle Bull told him. While he fetched the tack, he realized it was too late to dope the water. But, it didn’t matter any more anyway, because Panama was in police custody. Morelli couldn’t get to him if he was in jail. But, he had to do something to remove the bottle of dope that was still stashed by the stall door. If that was found it would implicate Panama. He had to think of something fast, and do it soon without anyone noticing.
Ω
Allan and Concannon sat in Judge McBain’s book lined library. Concannon had gotten Shultz to sign a statement attesting to having witnessed Nino’s murder of Harbeck and also that he had conspired to fix a race.
As Judge McBain walked through the door, Allan and Concannon rose.
“Good morning, Judge.”
“What brings you out on a Saturday morning, Allan?”
Ignoring Concannon, the judge sat down behind his antique walnut desk and proceeded to light a cigar.
“We’re here to get a warrant for the arrest of Nino Morelli,” Allan said.
When McBain heard Morelli’s name he stopped puffing on the cigar and put the match into an ashtray.
In a low voice, McBain said, “What are you charging him with?”
“Two counts. The murder of Jed Harbeck and conspiring to affect the results of a horse race.”
Concannon shoved the documents across the desk. With trembling hands McBain picked up the documents and began to read, his eyes moving back and forth across the page. As McBain read Shultz’s statement, the blood drained from his face. After he finished reading the warrant he placed the cigar alongside the match in the ashtray, cleared his throat, and looked up.
“Are you sure this man is telling the truth?”
“Your honor, we’ve promised him immunity from prosecution for distributing narcotics. I don’t think the man’s lying.”
McBain leaned back in his chair. “If, as you say, this man is guilty of distributing narcotics, I think he isn’t telling the truth. It’s just a ploy to get you to drop the charges against him.”
“Your honor, I’m certain this man is telling the truth.” Concannon replied.
McBain threw the documents across the desk. They slid off and fell at Concannon’s feet. Concannon leaned over, picked them up, and placed them again in front of McBain. Allan took a sealed envelope from his breast pocket and laid it in front of McBain.
“Your honor, I think if you’ll open this envelope and read the contents, I am sure you’ll sign the warrant.”
McBain looked at the envelope as if it were a bomb about to go off. He took a bone-handled letter opener from the side drawer and slit the envelope open, unfolding several pages. It took a few minutes to read the contents.
Without uttering another word McBain signed the warrant.


Chapter 15


When Boots and Saddles sounded, Bert was standing in the saddling area next to the paddock judge and the vet.
“Well, it looks like it’s come a cropper,” Bert said.
Floyd turned the corner and jogged Cakewalk into the saddling area with Uncle Bull running alongside.
“Where the hell you been?” the paddock judge said.
“It’s a long story,” Uncle Bull said.
“You damn near missed the race,” Bert said.
Cakewalk went wild and nearly tore the reins out of Floyd’s hands trying to get away to join the other horses in the post parade. Uncle Bull tried to hold the horse steady, while the vet checked the tattoo. Floyd began saddling the horse. Cakewalk was jumping around, whinnying and kicking, still trying to break loose to follow the other horses into the tunnel. Floyd placed the pad on Cakewalk’s back and followed with the saddle, pulling the girth strap tight in the buckle. The horse was snorting and rearing as he struggled to get it fastened.
Floyd gave Bert a leg up.
“Tally ho,” Bert cried, as he seized the reins.
By this time Cakewalk was so excited Bert could hardly hold the colt. As they passed through the paddock, the outrider took Cakewalk by the halter, barely able to hold onto him, and headed for the tunnel. Cakewalk jogged down the track with the outrider struggling to keep him from breaking loose.
As soon as Floyd and Uncle Bull had left the shed row with Cakewalk, Tad looked around for the bottle of dope. Making certain no one was watching, and with Kline still hammering away angrily at the stall door a few feet away, he fished around in the hay until he found the bottle right where Lucky told him it would be. Now that he had it, he didn’t know what to do with it. With all the commotion there hadn’t been time to think that far ahead.
He knew there wasn’t much time before the race, and he didn’t want to miss seeing Cakewalk run. He noticed Floyd’s half finished bottle of Coke-a-Cola sitting on the chair against the shed wall. He poured the contents of the bottle into Floyd’s Coke. Leaving Kline still bellowing away in the stall Tad ran to find Uncle Bull. He tossed the empty bottle and stopper in a trash can at the end of the shed row on his way to the paddock area.
The grandstands were packed with over 20,000 racing fans. The Whitneys, the Firestones, and the P. A. B. Wideners, together with all the other prominent owners, sat in their boxes waiting with great anticipation for the race to start. Cakewalk was going off at twelve to one and Big Pebble was five to four, different from the odds that Tony Socks had predicted. Cakewalk was the last horse to be loaded in the gate.
“And they’re off” sounded from the loudspeaker above the heads of the noisy crowd craning and pushing to get the best view.
The horses leapt out of the gate, jostling each other, the jockeys vying for position in the first few steps. As they thundered past the Clubhouse going into the first turn, Cakewalk was running dead last. Big Pebble, who usually won as a front runner, seemed unable to get to the top as they finished the first furlong and had to settle for third, giving up the lead to Haltal, with Bimelech running second. They went down the backstretch with Haltal in front, Bimelech on Haltal’s flank a half a length behind. Big Pebble ran third, running on the outside staying out of trouble.
The fractions were not overly impressive:  twenty-four and one fifth for the first quarter, forty-eight for the half. With five furlongs to go, Cakewalk began moving up on the outside. A quarter mile out, Big Pebble made a dash for the lead with Cakewalk joining his assault on Haltal. At the top of the stretch they turned the corner like a team. As the horses moved into the backstretch, Cakewalk drew even with Big Pebble, and they led the pack by two lengths. As Cakewalk drove down the lane, Bert took a quick look behind him. Cakewalk began inching away from the other horses, but Big Pebble was beginning to make his bid for the race.
When they reached the eighth pole, Big Pebble and Cakewalk were running head to head, the two horses moving ahead of the rest of the field by four lengths. It was going to be a two-horse race.  By the time the two horses reached the sixteenth pole they were still running head to head. As they passed the sixteenth pole, with less than half a furlong to go, Bert switched the whip to his right hand and hit the horse four times on the flanks. Cakewalk leaped ahead, and with several long strides pulled away from Big Pebble to win the race by a half length. The crowd went wild as Cakewalk drove past the finish line, everybody shouting and screaming at the top of their lungs.
Above the din of the excited crowd a voice over the loudspeaker called out: “Attention, ladies and gentlemen. Please hold all tickets. An objection has been filed.”

Ω
Nino Morelli, and Larry Morris occupied two of the three chairs in the Stewards’ office. No one else seemed inclined to take the one remaining chair. With arms folded, Mr. and Mrs. Edward S. Moore, Big Pebble’s owners, stood off to the side, waiting to see what the stewards would decide. Whitey Whiteside sat at the desk. George Williams and Ben Murphy stood behind Whiteside. McLennan stood beside Williams and Murphy.
“So, let me get this straight,” Whiteside said.  “You’re filing a protest because when the horse went off, the owner was dead, and the trainer was missing, and that makes the horse ineligible to run. Is that right?”
“Precisely,” Morris said. He read from The Rules of Racing.
“I quote part twenty, section one-ninety-one. ‘Except as provided in Rule one-ninety-two, no person shall be allowed to start, ride, or train horses, and no person may pursue any other occupation, or be employed at race meetings, in any State where it is, or shall be required that such authorization, in order to pursue his occupation, or employment upon the grounds of an Association, unless such person shall have been licensed, or shall have obtained such authorization.’ End quote.”
“It seems clear to me, gentlemen, that none of the people who saddled and started Cakewalk were either licensed, or had obtained proper authorization. Therefore, I am asking you to disqualify Cakewalk from the race.”
Whiteside looked at Williams. “How did the saliva test come out? Where’s Kline?” Whiteside asked, noticing for the first time that Kline wasn’t present.
“Nobody seems to know where Kline is, he should be here. But, the test was negative,” Williams answered.
“So, we know the horse was not under the influence of any drugs. Is that right?” Whiteside said.
“That’s right,” replied Williams.
“I ain’t never heard of one like this before,” said Whiteside wiping beads of perspiration from his forehead with a handkerchief.
Murphy shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe he’s got something here. The trainer wasn’t there, and the owner’s dead.”
Whiteside stood up. “Okay, everybody out of here.”
Williams followed the people to the door and closed it. “What we have to decide is whether the grooms had received such authorization. That’s the crux of the matter.”
“Let me read this again,” said Murphy.
Williams leaned against the door, while Whiteside sat down at his desk.
Murphy read out loud, “‘unless such person shall have been licensed, or shall have obtained such authorization.’ Now, we got to ask the question, did the grooms obtain such authorization?”
Williams observed, “What would you say to a perfect stranger walking into the paddock and saddling the horse?”
“You make a very good point, Williams,” Murphy said.
“I don’t think anybody other than the owner, or the trainer would have such authorization.”
“Were the grooms authorized to saddle the horse? Not likely,” said Williams.
Murphy threw the Rules of Racing on Whiteside’s desk.  “Let’s quit kidding each other.”
Looking thoughtful, Whiteside said, “I wonder why Morelli would file an objection?”
“What are you telling us?” Williams asked. “That it was a mistake?”
Whiteside turned to Murphy, “You figure Nino has a lot to gain from this race.”
“Yeah,” Murphy said. “You’re right.”
“If he don’t have some vested interest in this race,” Whiteside said, “we can all read the handwriting on the wall.”
“Listen,” Murphy said, “we ain’t here to make decisions based on Morelli’s ledger. We’re here to do our job, and our job is to make the most reasonable decision we can make.”
“Well, let’s look at this way,” Whiteside said. “On the one hand, if they weren’t authorized, then it’s up for grabs. But, on the other hand, if they had received implicit authorization from Panama, then it’s another story. I don’t know which way to call it.”
“I’m beginning to agree with you, Whitey,” Murphy said. “What other reason would Morelli have to file an objection, unless he’s got a lot to lose?”
“So,” Williams said, as he stroked his chin, “if we call it one way, then Panama won’t get a gate at Churchill Downs, and Morelli will be all that much richer.”
“What you think, Whitey?” Murphy said.
“I think we owe Panama this time,” Whiteside said.  “We didn’t have all the facts when we ruled him off the last time. I think we should make up for it now. Williams?”
“I agree,” Williams said. “We made a bad decision, and now we got to make amends.”
“You got my vote,” Murphy said.
Whiteside looked from one to the other and said, “It’s a done deal.”
Williams opened the door.
The crowd was ten deep outside the Stewards’ office, and the two parties fell into a natural separation as the Three Wise Men stepped out. Allan Frank and detective Concannon were trying to push their way through at the back of the crowd.
The milling crowd quieted as Whitey Whiteside stepped forward and spoke, “Our ruling is that it ain’t necessary to have the owner alive, or the trainer present, when the horse is saddled for the race. We recognize that the trainer implicitly gave permission for the two grooms to saddle the horse, and we declare Cakewalk the winner.”
The crowd rushed off to cash their tickets. Mr. and Mrs. Moore looked disappointed. Mr. Moore put his arm around his wife’s shoulders as they walked off looking downcast.
Allan Frank elbowed his way over to Nino and handed him a piece of paper. Morris, who had been standing next to Nino, intercepted the paper and began reading it. “Mister Morelli,” Allan said, “this is a warrant for your arrest. It charges you with the murder of Jed Harbeck.”
Ω
As the limo passed long the familiar route to Nino’s penthouse at the St. Moritz Lucky sat quietly in the back seat looking out the window, not really paying attention to the scenery going by. Her thoughts were centered around what was happening at the track. She worried about Tad finding the dope without getting caught. She thought about Panama, Uncle Bull, Floyd and the other characters she had gotten to know in the short time she’d been Panama’s girl.
Heading down Collins, the limo passed the Whitelaw standing majestic in it’s salmon and white colors. In the early morning light of south Florida the building looked calm, relaxed, and supremely confident of it’s exalted place in the world. Noticing the Whitelaw pass by through the car window reminded Lucky of the first time she had come this way with Panama in his Lincoln. They had the top down and she was excited to go to the party at Nino Morelli’s. Rubbing elbows with the rich and famous, champaign and hors d'oeuvres, gangsters, people dressed in fine clothes – Lucky had fantasized about such things as a girl. In those fantasies she saw herself as the belle of the ball, making an entrance, turning the heads of the crowd wearing a beautiful gown. Remembering those girlish fantasies in light of everything that had happened since Panama dropped her at the curb outside the St. Moritz that day, Lucky realized she’d done a lot of growing up in a very short time.
She wondered if she had any regrets, and reminded herself that she had agreed to help Nino fix the race to save Panama’s life. Cakewalk would loose the race, but wouldn’t come to any harm. Panama could always go back to making a living at the window, living above the Finish Line when he was in town, following the racing season as he had been doing before they met.
And, even if Panama had wanted her, she wanted something better than the life of a vagabond. Maybe Panama was right about Morelli, but she could handle Nino. She felt confident of that, most men weren’t all that complicated. Lucky began to see through them as a young girl, learned to recognize their motivations, know what they were going to do, most of the time, before they knew it themselves. As she matured into a beautiful young woman, she became increasingly aware of her power over men, how to use her charms to get what she wanted from them. It came easy to her, and she knew how to play the game. She would take the lime light that Nino’s gratitude would shine on her and use it to move to the next level in her career, maybe even some day get in the movies. She’d never acted, but it couldn’t be that much different than play acting in real life. She was thinking about the possibilities when she noticed that Sharkey didn’t stop when they approached the St. Moritz. He wasn’t even slowing down.
“I thought you were taking me to Nino’s.” Lucky leaned forward in the seat, speaking to the back of Sharkey’s head.
“The party is going to be on Nino’s boat.” Sharkey replied over his shoulder, not taking eyes off the road.
“Nino never said anything about a boat.”
“Yeah, it’s a beauty – a big one. Going to be quite a crowd. You’re the guest of honor. Did Nino tell you that?” Sharkey asked, looking in the rear view mirror.
“No, he never said nothing about any of that,” Lucky replied, still searching her memory if Nino had ever mentioned anything about a boat.
“He wants to show his gratitude for you helping him fix the race. He’s going to make a fortune today. Everybody is going to get a piece of the pie.” Sharkey had a very self-satisfied look as he said this, though Lucky couldn’t see his face from the back seat of the limo. She sat back in the comfortable leather seat and watched the scenery speed by, considering the prospects of the evening to come.
Almost an hour later, Sharkey pulled the limo over to the side of the road. They had been traveling for some time along the shore. The scenery had changed from buildings to sand dunes and empty skies. Lucky looked through the window and saw nothing but the long grasses on the dunes bent over in the wind and a few birds over head gliding on the stiff breeze, blowing in off the ocean. Sharkey came around and opened the door for her, and she stepped out.
“So, where’s Nino’s boat?” Lucky asked.
“It’s anchored off shore not far from here. A launch is going to pick us up. It’ll be along soon. We have to walk down to the water and wait for it.” Sharkey took Lucky by the arm and led her down a faint trail between the dunes that blocked the view of the ocean from the road.
The only sounds were the wind blowing through the grasses, the far sound of the surf, and the sound of their shoes in the sand. Lucky stopped briefly to pull off her high heals so she could walk more easily in the soft sand.
Emerging from the dunes on to the beach, Lucky looked up and down the shoreline and saw nothing for miles in either direction. The horizon over the ocean offered the same empty scene. She immediately sensed something was wrong.
“I thought you said a launch was coming to carry us to Nino’s boat,” Lucky asked as she stopped to face Sharkey.
 “Yeah, that’s right, sister. I did say that. It’ll be along shortly. In the meantime, how about you and me have a little party of our own while we wait?” Sharkey grabbed Lucky wrapping his huge hands around both her arms as he crushed his mouth into her lips and pressed his pelvis into her. Lucky tried to pull back, but Sharkey easily over powered her efforts.
Realizing she couldn’t break away from Sharkey’s grip, she bit him hard on the cheek. Sharkey momentarily let go in shock, and recovering himself quickly lashed out with the back of his right hand catching Lucky across the cheek. The blow knocked her to the ground, opening a cut above her right eye that began to bleed profusely. Lucky was still dazed when Sharkey picked her up and threw her over his shoulder and walked a few yards into a small hollow between two large hills of sands. He threw her down, and taking her by the hair forced her up on her knees.
“Looks like your ship has come in, babe,” Sharkey growled as he loosened his belt. His erection sprang out as his pants fell to his knees. He forced Lucky’s head with both hands into his crotch.
“Suck it, bitch. Or, I’ll kill you right here.” Sharkey pulled Lucky by the hair, guiding her face over his erect cock.
“Open your mouth and suck it – right now – open your mouth!” Lucky took Sharkey into her mouth as commanded. She unconsciously prepared to gag, but found much to her surprise that his penis wasn’t much more than four inches long. She found she had no trouble breathing while Sharkey ground his pelvis against her mouth, opening cuts inside her lips against her teeth. The pain was excruciating, but she tried to clear her head in spite of it. She had to think.
Not more than a minute later, Sharkey pushed Lucky down on the ground, and falling on top of her forced, her legs open with his torso. He pinned one leg in the sand with his knee while he ripped the panties from around Lucky’s waist in one powerful pull. She lay helpless beneath him completely exposed.
“Now you’re going to give me what you didn’t give the boss last night.” Sharkey pinned both Lucky’s shoulders to the sand as he plunged into her. The pain was almost unbearable. Lucky winced and writhed, trying to get Sharkey out of her, but she was powerless against his overwhelming strength and size. He began thrusting into her, tearing at her delicate flesh with each stroke.
Lucky felt herself begin to blackout, and fought back with everything she had to stay conscious. She was almost blinded by the pain and the bright sky above Sharkey. She could barely make out his huge bulk lunging into her from above.  Sharkey grunted in lust as he continued thrusting into her.
Gradually Lucky’s vision began to clear, her mind coming out of the initial shock of the vicious attack. The blood still flowing over Lucky’s face made it impossible for her to see out of her right eye. After what seemed like an eternity, her mind gradually cleared a little, and Sharkey came slowly into focus. Lucky could tell from the contorted look on his face that he was close to climax. Out of her good left eye she saw the handle of Sharkey’s gun just a few inches from her face in the shoulder holster under the lapel of his suit.
Sharkey’s thrusts quickened as he began to groan in total abandon, his mind focused entirely now on the sensations at the end of his member as he crashed into Lucky. His mouth came open as his climax approached full release, and his breathing came in hard bursts. He had never felt more powerful, never dominated a woman more completely as he now dominated Lucky. He was filled with lust and the sensation of the load of hot jism he was ready to release into Lucky’s bleeding loins. His eyes squeezed shut unconsciously as the building orgasm took over his entire mind and body.
Suddenly, out of nowhere a new sensation forced its way into Sharkey’s consciousness. It was the taste of oily metal accompanied by sharp pain as a shard from his front tooth broke off and hit the inside of his cheek. Then there was the pain of something hard and cold hitting the back of his throat that forced an involuntary convulsion from the depths of his belly.
With the little remaining strength she had left Lucky had managed to free her arm enough to reach for the gun. Grasping the handle she thrust it into Sharkey’s open mouth and squeezed the trigger. The bullet blew out the back of the base of Sharkey’s skull, destroying the first vertebra in the process, almost severing the head from it’s body. 
The gun going off was like an explosion in Lucky’s ears. There was a brief red burst of flesh and bone blasted into the sky above her head, and instant pain in her shoulder from the gun’s recoil. Her elbow was shot backwards into the sand and the gun fell heavily next to her arm. Sharkey’s lifeless body fell over her, and suddenly she couldn’t breathe.
Sharkey’s blood flowed on to her neck, into her hair, and the sand beneath her. The weight of Sharkey’s dead torso pressed down on her was too much for her to lift. She rolled first one way, then the next, until she finally got enough leverage to roll Sharkey off of her. Lucky lay back exhausted and drew several deep breaths. She brought her hand up to cover her face, shading her eyes from the bright sky. She became aware for the first time of the warm, thick blood pouring from the cut above her eye.
For several minutes she couldn’t move. She didn’t have the strength to rise. She lay still as the sound of the surf and the wind rushing over the sand filled her mind. The sun gradually began to warm her body.  A gull circled over head, and she watched the effortless way it turned on the wind, it’s long wings stretched out in a graceful curve. She heard its cry above her head and the sound of her own breathing.
After several minutes, Lucky tried to sit up. As she made the effort to raise her head from the sand, she saw the long horizontal blue line of the ocean stretching out before her, tipped with white caps, and the lighter blue of the cloudless sky above. She picked herself up and got on her feet, and not turning to look down at the crumpled body at her feet, walked slowly off, struggling to keep her balance on the soft sand.
Finding her way back to the car, she got in the driver’s seat. Lucky looked at herself in the rearview mirror and realized for the first time that she was covered in Sharkey’s blood, and her own. She got out and unlocked the trunk, looking for something to clean herself up with. There were a few rags and a satchel. She did her best to wipe off the blood with one of the rags.
Throwing the bloody rag back in the trunk, she opened the satchel. It was stuffed with bills wrapped in paper with rubber bands. The totals for each bundle were written on the paper wrappings. She knew they must be the takings from Nino’s off track betting and bingo operations. Pulling a few out and doing a quick calculation she realized there must be close to $50,000 dollars in cash. She threw the bundles of cash back in the satchel, closed the trunk, and got behind the wheel. The big car started up and she pulled onto the road, not really thinking about where she was going.


Chapter 16


The sidewalk outside the Finish Line was mobbed with people waiting to get in. The excited crowd spilled out into the street partially blocking Commerce. More people filled the sidewalk stretching around the corner towards First Street. A taxi slowed to a crawl as people moved slowly to get out of the way, too distracted with all the hullabaloo to notice the big yellow vehicle. Panama paid the driver, and was instantly mobbed as he emerged hatless from the passenger door of the cab. A roar went up that was heard inside the bar as people crushed in to get close to Panama.
“Way to go, Panama!”
“You sure picked a good time get yourself arrested!”
“Hey, Panama, where’s your hat?”
Panama made no effort to answer back. He couldn’t be heard anyway above the noisy crowd and the loud music coming out of the Finish Line. He just made a bee line for the front door and tried not to get trampled.
Once inside, things weren’t much better. The old Seeburg was going full blast and with the doors and windows open, the sound of music and laughter carried all the way across Biscayne Bay to the mainland. Six deep at the bar, everyone clamoring for service, John had been barely able to keep up with the mayhem, rushing back and forth, hobbling around on his crutch, with sweat streaming down his face. Bert was behind the bar helping out as best he could, and Tad was clearing the empty beer bottles and dirty glasses, bringing in clean ones from the kitchen and trying to stay out of the way at the same time.
When Panama came through the door, he was instantly mobbed. People shook his hand while others patted him on the back, congratulating him on Cakewalk’s win. Three men hoisted him up on their shoulders and carried him over to the bar.
“Hey, Panama, where’s your hat?” Bert asked while he mixed a Tom Collins. Looking none too pleased, Panama had to shout to be heard over the crowd. 
“The screw took it when they booked me. Wouldn’t give it back when I was released. Said it was a risk to the public health. Said he burned it.” 
“Well, not to worry, mate. You can afford a dozen new hats now.”
 Bert put the drink on the bar.
“Blimey, I wish you’d been there. Uncle Bull and Floyd had their hands full just getting the saddle on him. We were late getting into the post parade and barely made the start. Out of the gate and through the first turn we were running dead last. I moved him up on the outside, staying out of traffic. Around the back stretch we gained steadily, and on the final turn he started to hit his stride. I gave him four whacks at the last pole, and it was all over. I never felt a horse move with so much smooth power, he was like a locomotive. We breezed it over the finish line.”
 “I’m glad it was you in the saddle, Bert. You’re a good jock and a good friend. Here’s to you.” Panama took a long pull. Looking around the room he said, “I don’t see Floyd anywhere about’s. Is he here? I ought to thank him for getting Cakewalk saddled for me.”
Bert was busy pouring a draft, the suds leaking out all over.
“I never could get the hang of these things”, Bert replied, looking mildly irritated and a little bemused at the same time.
“Last time I saw Floyd was back at the stall, he was passed out in the hay. I asked Uncle Bull what the story was, and he said after they got Cakewalk unsaddled Floyd sat down to finish his morning Coke and the next time he looked around Floyd was out like a light. We both tried to rouse him, but no dice. I covered him with a saddle blanket and put another one under his head. And that’s where we left him. I guess Floyd had all the fun he can stand for one day.”
Tad was working around Bert collecting dirty glasses and clearing the empty beer bottles, trying stay out of the way while Bert filled Panama in on the race. He didn’t a say a word when Panama asked about Floyd.
“That doesn’t sound like Floyd”, Panama said, raising the Tom Collins to his lips. Tad barely cracked a smile that went unnoticed.
After being treated to several drinks, Panama managed to get over to the phone and call Arthur in Lexington to give him the news. Arthur, whose manner was normally reserved, let out a ‘whoop’ and spent the next ten minutes alternately thanking Panama and asking what Panama had planned for Cakewalk. Panama finally gave up trying to answer Arthur’s rambling questions with all the noise and just let the ear piece dangle.
Willie sat at the end of the bar not doing anything to help John. All afternoon she had been regaling anyone who would listen to the story of how she had faced down Sharkey with her double barrel.
“...and that’s when I told that big ole ape, Sharkey, I said, ‘I’m going blast you to Kingdom Come if’n you don’t stow that pistola and back off.’ He got the message and cleared out with Lucky pretty quick.” Panama overheard Willie as he got back to the bar.
“You say Sharkey was here and left with Lucky? When was this?” Panama asked.
“Early this morning”, Willie replied, “we wasn’t even open yet. Me and John were at the bar. He was reading the funnies to me, and I hadn’t even finished my morning eye opener when that big palooka comes through the door waving his piece and asking about where Lucky was at.” Willie took a long pull at her beer.
“Where’d they go?” Panama asked.
“No idea. She seemed to be expecting him, came down dressed to the nines.” John chimed in, overhearing Panama’s question. John hobbled over to the far end of the bar to see about a half lit customer that was wildly waving his empty bottle in the air and yelling for service.
Panama stood silently at the bar digesting this information, trying to understand the implications. Tad, bringing up a rack of clean glasses from the kitchen, overheard Willie telling Panama about Lucky leaving with Sharkey. The look on Panama’s face told him he had to say something.
“Panama, there’s something I got to tell you about Lucky.” Tad motioned for him to come behind the bar. Panama walked around the end of the bar and followed Tad out the back door. It was quieter once they were outside building. Tad sat down on the steps, staring at his shoes intensely. Panama sat down next to him.
“So, what’s going on?” Panama asked. Tad looked at him for a long moment and then turned his gaze back on his shoes before answering.
“Panama, ever since I first got here Lucky’s been real good to me. She told me to stand up to Floyd. She just made me feel like someone here cared about me.”
“A couple a days before the race she came to me and said that Nino Morelli was going to kill you if she didn’t dope Cakewalk’s water bucket. She said Nino had a lot of money riding on another horse and was going to fix the race. She said she needed my help, or she would be in big trouble with Morelli, too. She said that if I put the dope in Cakewalk’s water Morelli wouldn’t kill you, and she wouldn’t get hurt either, so I agreed.
But, the morning of the race I was sick, and you wouldn’t let me go down to the track. Lucky came in after you left and got me up, and got me a taxi. I saw the policeman leading you away when I came down the shed row, and I didn’t know what was going on. But, then I figured out if the cops had you in jail there was no way Morelli could hurt you.”
I over heard Uncle Bull talking with the man from the track, and I knew they had arrested you for doping the water. I didn’t want them to find the bottle that was hid near Cakewalk’s stall. So, while Floyd and Uncle Bull were working like the devil to get Cakewalk wrapped and saddled in time for the race, I decided not to put the dope in the water bucket. I poured most of it in Floyd’s Coke, and threw the bottle in the trash so no one would find it and frame you for trying to dope Cakewalk.” Tad finished his confession, still staring at the tops of his worn and dirty shoes.
Panama didn’t say anything for several moments after Tad finished. He’d been listening quietly, visualizing the whole scene as Tad described what happened after he was handcuffed and dragged off to jail. Concentrating so intently on what he was saying, Tad didn’t notice Panama looking at the side of his long face, at his red hair and his features.
“Tad, there’s some things you and me need to get straight between us. Maybe I should of talked to you soon after you got here, but I wasn’t sure in my own mind what to say to you. But, first, I want to say you did some quick thinking there getting rid of the dope and the bottle. I would have been banned from the track for life if that had been found, or if Cakewalk had been doped. I understand you were trying to protect me and Lucky the best way you could, or you wouldn’t have agreed to do that in the first place.
I tried to warn Lucky about Morelli, but she wouldn’t listen to me. She’s a strong young woman, and she’s got a mind of her own. I don’t know what’s become of her, but with that monster, Sharkey, around I’m worried about her. And, I don’t know what to do.”
What I started to say is there is something I need to tell you about your mother, and Jimmy, and me. We were all friends before they got married, and had a lot of fun together, like I said before. What I didn’t tell you is that your mother and I were in love with each other and talking about getting married before she married Jimmy. She wanted me to give up life at the track, stop being a jockey and settle down with a normal job.”
Tad had stopped starring at his shoes and was looking at Panama intently while he continued his story.
“I didn’t want to give up being around horses. I was learning a lot, having some success, making good money, and I loved being around the track. The horses and the people interested me. There was never a dull moment. Your mother and I got in a big fight about this, and I left to move on with the season. A month later I got a letter from her saying she was pregnant and was marrying Jimmy. I never heard from her again.
When you got here, I noticed right way that you didn’t look nothing like Jimmy. You had your mother’s eyes, but your red hair and your face told me something I never dreamed in all my days. That I might be a father, that chances are good you’re my son.
I guess with your mother passed on these many years we’ll never really know. But, as long you want to stick around you will always have a place with me. I may not have much, but I’ll show you the ropes, teach you everything I know about horses and the track. And, I’ll do my best to help you get started at something else, if life on the back side doesn’t suit you, or you want to do something else with yourself.”
Tad thought about everything Panama said, and somewhere down deep it seemed to make sense. He realized there was something different about being around Panama that was never there when he was with Jimmy. He just hadn’t really noticed, or didn’t know what to make of the vague feeling of connection between him and Panama that had been there since he first arrived at the Finish Line.
“Well, if you are my real father, can I still call you Panama?” Tad asked.
“I wish you would. Everybody else does,” Panama replied with a smile. He tussled Tad’s red hair. “Maybe I ought to start calling you Red.”
“I wish you wouldn’t. I hate being called that almost as much as I hate being called Tadpole,” Tad answered.
“Alright then,” Panama smiled, “we better be getting back to the party. Bert and Jimmy are probably up to their eyeballs in dirty glasses and empty beer bottles by now.” Tad and Panama walked back into the Finish Line together.
Ω
The celebration continued late into the night and gradually the people dwindled away. The Finish Line was empty except for Bert and Panama sitting at a table in the back of the room. Willie had fallen asleep in the booth across from them, her head resting on the wooden back. She was snoring softly, but occasionally she gave up a snort.
After everyone had gone home John hobbled over to the table where Red and Bert were seated.
“Park the carcass,” Bert said, as he leaned back in the chair. Panama had his legs stretched out, his ankles were crossed and his hands were clasped on his stomach.
John collapsed in a chair and gave up a big sigh of relief. With perspiration streaming down his face, he said, “I don’t know how much longer I can take this.”
Panama looked up at John. “John, you’re the only one Willie can trust. If you walked away, given her drunken state, there wouldn’t be any way she could keep the next guy from stealing.”
“Where would I go? You think some other saloon would hire a guy with one leg and one eye? Not likely.”
Panama unscrambled himself and leaned his elbows on the table. “Well, John, Willie ain’t capable of keeping up with some stranger, if you know what I mean. She’s drunk most of the time, and she let’s you take care of the place. You need to see she does right by you and gives you a piece of this place, or she’ll run you ragged until she sells this place right out from under you. You better go over and wake her up.”
John looked over at his sleeping mother and then back at Panama. “You really think I should talk to her?” John asked.
“You bet your ass I do.”
John struggled to get his crutch under him, raising himself to an upright position and was over at Willie’s booth in two steps. He poked Willie in the shoulder with his crutch. “Wake up, Ma.”
Willie’s eyes popped open. She looked dazed, trying to figure out where she was.
“Ma, you treat me like a piece of shit, and I had it up to here. I ain’t going to work here any more.”
Willie was trying to understand what John was saying as she leaned forward.
John leaned up against the side of the booth. “If you don’t do the right thing by me, I’m going to walk out. You understand what I’m saying?”
“Don’t threaten me, John,” Willie said, with narrowed eyes.
“I am threatening you,” John said.  “If you sell this place to somebody else, then I’ll be saying good-bye.”
Panama added, “Willie you ought be ashamed of the way you treat your own flesh and blood. You been taking advantage of John all these years. And now I think he’s had enough.”
“Panama, this ain’t none of your business.”
“Well, I’m making it my business. You been treating John like a piece of dirt.”
“Panama’s right,” John said, and he turned and hobbled toward the door.
“All right, John. Come back. Maybe we can settle this peaceable.”
John turned and said, “If you want me to stay, then you’re going to have sign over half this place. And I don’t bargain. That’s my final offer.”
Willie said, “Calm down, John. Now, we better go back to my room and see what we can work out.”
She grabbed a hold of the post at the end of the booth and pulled herself up. Glaring at Panama, she staggered toward her room. John hobbled after Willie, looking like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Panama drained his glass. He got up, went behind the bar and poured a fresh drink from the bourbon bottle.
“I hear Nino got wiped out,” Bert said. “What I hear is he lost nearly a half a million.”
Panama leaned his elbows on the bar and said, “Well, given where Nino is, I don’t think the winners are going to be in any shape to collect their bets.”
“It couldn’t happen to a nicer bloke.”
“I wish Sam could have been here,” Panama said. “His share of the purse would have gotten Nino off his back.  But, Sam is dead.”
“God rest his miserable soul. Well, mate, it looks like clear sailing from here.”
Bert continued, “Colt came back like he’d been out for a breeze. In two months, we’ll take him to Churchill Downs.”
“Whirlaway’ll have time to get well from his pin firing. He’s going to be a tough horse to beat,” Panama observed.
“Well, even if Whirlaway wins the Derby, I’m dead sure Cakewalk will hit the board.”
Bert turned to face Panama. “Hey, where did Lucky go? I’ve been so busy since I got here I never had minute to think ‘til just now that I haven’t seen her.”
Panama filled him in on the entire story Tad told him earlier.
“Jiminy Christmas,” was all Bert could say, shaking his head.
“John said when Sharkey came by this morning she was dressed up and seemed to be expecting him. God only knows what happened from there.”
“It’s a bloody shame, Panama.”
Looking at Panama through narrowed eyes, Bert quietly asked, “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know if there is anything I can do, Bert. Morelli’s in jail, who knows where Sharkey was supposed to be taking her. I tried my best to convince her to steer clear of those bastards, but she got stars in her eyes. I just hope nothing bad has happened to her.”
Ω
Lucky had been driving north for several hours. She had stopped at a diner earlier and cleaned up in the women’s restroom. The waitress stared when she came through the door.
“You look like you got hit by a truck, honey. You alright?”
The cut over Lucky’s eye still oozed blood. The eye was swollen and beginning to turn black and blue. There were still a few smears of blood around her face and neck. Her hair was a mess, and her dress was torn in several places.
“I’ll be alright. I just need to use the ladies’ room,” Lucky replied. The waitress took her by the arm and guided her down the hall.
Lucky came out ten minutes later and seated herself at a booth, ordered some food, and looked out the window while she waited. She found she had to concentrate to avoid shaking. She held herself very still while waiting for the food to arrive.
As she was getting ready to leave, the news came on the radio about Morelli being arrested, and Cakewalk winning the Widener. Lucky listened intensely while she stood at the cash register waiting to pay the bill. She left a good tip and got back in the car.
She sat in the car for several minutes wondering if she should turn around and go back to South Beach, back to the Finish Line, Panama, Tad, Willie, and the rest. With Morelli in jail and Sharkey dead, she knew Panama would be alright. She worried about Tad, but knew Panama would look out for him.
Before the radio broadcast she had been thinking she would drive north and start over. She had plenty of money and a car no one would be looking for. Several of the girls she danced with had talked about Asheville, NC. A few of the wealthy customers that frequented the Latin Quarter mentioned that they had second homes there. It sounded like a nice place, cool in the summers, mild winters, surrounded by beautiful mountains. Lucky had never seen mountains except in Life magazine. She had been thinking maybe she could open a dress shop, or a nice little restaurant with Morelli’s cash, and still have something put aside for a rainy day. Lucky sat quietly for several more minutes wondering to herself if the radio broadcast changed any of that.
She started the engine and nosed the big car out on to the road. If she could make the Georgia state line the next day, she would be in South Carolina by late evening. From there she would be in the mountains of North Carolina the next afternoon.
Instead of driving all night, as she had planned, Lucky found she was exhausted after just two hours. She stopped in a small town and got a room at a motel. The owner of the motel said they had a bungalow in the back available, and Lucky paid cash. She pulled the big car around and parked in front of the small cabin.
She took a long hot bath in the claw foot tub, washing thoroughly from head to toe, getting the sand out of her hair, trying to wash away the memory of the last 24 hours.
Lying down on the bed, Lucky intended to just close her eyes for a few minutes before going out to buy some clothes before the stores closed. She awoke the next morning to sun streaming in through the curtains, and birds singing outside the window near the bed. Opening her eyes, she realized it was Sunday morning. All the stores would be closed.
For several long minutes Lucky lay quietly listening to the birds, and looking at the light streaming in. The air coming through the curtains was cool and fresh. Hunger finally forced her to get up. She had no choice but to put on the dress from the day before. It felt dirty next to her clean skin. She drove into town, looking for an open restaurant.
As she was sitting waiting for the food to arrive, a young family came in, dressed for church. The husband and wife appeared to be in their early thirties. They had a boy about ten years old and a little girl around age seven. As they sat down at the table across from Lucky’s booth, the little girl gave Lucky a big smile. She was missing a front tooth, and had curly blonde hair with a barrette.
Lucky’s food arrived, and she dug in, finding she had a good appetite. The coffee was fresh and hot, and tasted delicious. The biscuits that came with the poached eggs she ordered were fresh baked, and had a warm, comforting aroma. While the family seated next to her waited for their food, the father played a game of twenty questions with the children.
“Is it bigger than a bread box?” the young boy asked, taking the game seriously.
“Yes, it’s bigger than a breadbox,” the father answered.
“Is it a horsey?” the little girl asked, smiling shyly at Lucky.
“No, Lila, it’s not a horsey.”
Lucky smiled back at the little girl with her eyes as she sipped her coffee.
Walking back to the car, Lucky stopped for a few moments to admire a dress in a shop window. Without really thinking consciously, she turned from the shop window and walked purposely to the car and got in behind the wheel. She backed the big Cadillac out of the parking space, and turned the heavy car in the direction she had come.
“Who do I know in Asheville,” she thought, “and, who knows me? Why would I want to spend the rest of my life making dresses for the wealthy women of some town where I’ve never even been, when I have a life with people I love waiting for me in South Beach?”
The mountains weren’t going anywhere. She could see them whenever she wanted to make the trip. She rolled down the window as the big car picked up speed, driving south. She reached over and turned on the radio. The dial took a moment, or two, to light up and then music began to fill the car.
The sound of a trumpet, backed by a Dixieland band, poured out of the open window. The rich tone of the trumpet danced over the sound of the band with a swinging bounce and a joyful swagger that could only be one man. The smiling voice of Louis Armstrong sang out in the morning air.

“..♫I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade
But, I’m not afraid, baby. This rover’s crossed over.♫

♫If I never have a cent
I’m rich as Rockefeller
Gold dust at my feet
On the sunny side of the street...♫”

Lucky’s dark hair blew in the breeze as she unconsciously pressed her foot down on the pedal. The big Cadillac responded with a deep, powerful resonance as the car effortlessly picked up speed. A faint smile graced her lips. With one hand on the wheel and her arm resting in the open window, Lucky looked straight ahead at the road stretching out before her. For the first time in her life she knew where she was going. She knew where she wanted to be and where she belonged.


The End



“On the Sunny Side of the Street” (1930) music by Jimmy McHugh and lyrics by Dorothy Fields. First recorded by Louis Armstrong and His Orchestra November 7, 1934)

For a great live version, here’s a link:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nn3soYbSpS4 

Acknowledgements
I am grateful for the support and encouragement I received from my friends, Harry and Barbara, without which this book may not have made it to the finish line. I hope this story will encourage others in their own struggles getting over to their own sunny side of the street. 
