A Note on the Münchausen Papers

It was while clearing out a house in Stockholm near Lake Mälar in 1963 – with the intention of selling items left by the late owner to pay certain family debts – that a trunk was found by the tax assessor and the deceased’s nephew. Inside was a carpenter’s hammer whose swing could bring about a powerful wind, some low-heeled court shoes conveying tremendous speed, and a pistol able to hit a target at any distance. There was also a brush-topped helmet like that worn by Roman soldiers and a coffee cup and saucer of the Doccia style. While the helmet lent the user a titanic strength, the coffee cup caused a person to spout the most outrageous lies with utter conviction. None of this could be established at the time, of course, and upon a crude appraisal – as the family debts were severe and pending – the items were put up for sale.
Interesting as they eventually proved to be however, they paled somewhat beside what yet remained in the trunk itself. Sold at the same auction – being no great prize, but still holding some intrinsic value as a relic of the Georgian era – the trunk contained a false bottom which held several packets of old parchment, bound in ribbon. Written primarily in Russian with notations in French, German, and even some English, they detailed the life of a man the world knows better as Hieronymus Karl Friedrich, Baron von Münchhausen. 
However, these pages did not seem to be about that particular man. That is, the man of the short and rather terse biography in some little-known and off-hand history books. No, the man within the packets had one ‘h’ in his surname and claimed within those papers to be the ‘true’ Baron Münchausen. The man whom history tells of is an impostor, he says, and if you, the reader, are familiar with the tales of Rudolf Erich Raspe, these recovered stories further confuse the issue as they are not about the true Baron or the false, but some amalgam of the two.
The packets were broken into sections, the first volume of which I shall reproduce here to the best of my ability. Another packet contains the stories of Mr. Raspe, which are attached to the end. These were edited by the Baron himself where he claims as few words as possible were changed within them, though several others were excised for “the sake of clarity and prevention of boredom.” Despite the stories’ “overabundance of presumption” the Baron felt it was up to the reader to compare the two works and decide for themselves which of them imparts what might be called the ‘truth’ of the matter.
So here, for the first time, is this case presented to the public. Why it has taken so long to reveal such a singular and intriguing story is a story in and of itself, though the series of assassinations, double-crosses, and assorted treacheries that followed the Swedish Trunk across Europe up to a few months ago certainly had something to do with it.
But I wouldn’t know anything about that, he said, putting his coffee cup back in its saucer...


JEROME SOYMARTEN
Tierra del Fuego 
March 2019
The Entirely True Adventures of Baron Münchausen, Bereft of Troublesome History and the Tyranny of Accepted Fact

by 
Hieronymus Karl Friedrich, Freiherr von Münchausen 
NOTE TO THE PUBLIC

I am the Baron Münchausen, how do you do. If I may ask, is there any truth to be told of me beyond the stories flung from the lips of some fool in a tavern to the delight of his cronies? I think not. According to history, there are only facts, what history ‘claims’ is the truth. According to history, according to the facts, Baron Münchausen is little more than a few words scribbled on some army transfer orders or an official certificate or two. Little can be discerned about an actual life, and I am sure that was intentional. 
According to history (that bastard!) Hieronymus Karl Friedrich Münchhausen was born May 11, 1720, in the town of Bodenwerder, in the Weser Uplands.
(Fair enough. History is right on this one. Well played, history.)
At 13, the Baron (then known as Hieronymus, or ‘Harry’ for short) supposedly became a pageboy to various courts, settling finally upon one Duke Anthony Ulrich II in the neighbouring region of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He was then commissioned by the Duke into the Russian Army at 19 and achieved the rank of lieutenant by 20. He fought in both the Russo-Austro-Turkish War (1739) and the Russo-Swedish War (1741). 
Actually, that all happened as well. But this next part, oh! that is where history and I part ways. I bid it adieu, my hat flopped to the floor, foot back, arm in the air. Good day, sir, it has been a pleasure. What you do from here on out is your own concern! I won’t be a party to it! And at this, history grabs the wine and charges forth, screaming at the top of its furry lungs: 
“Following the overthrow of the Russian Empire by Empress Elizabeth in 1741, Baron Münchhausen arrived at the garrison city of Riga! There he was said to have entertained the locals at various clubs and taverns with stories of his exploits! The best known, of course, being his (His! Blasphemy!) ride upon a cannonball during the siege of an Ottoman Fortress!” 
Lies. All of it! (Except the cannonball, which happened, but not as they say.) Please history, do continue, you drunken imbecile.
“In 1744 the Baron, age 24, married a woman named Jacobin von Dunten, age 18, and in 1750 was promoted to Rittsmeister, or cavalry captain, at Riga. During this particular time, he met many celebrities and artists, the best known perhaps being Rudolf Erich Raspe, who penned several of that gentleman’s tales in a popular collection eventually published in 1785. 
“The Baron claimed he did not enjoy the fame this brought about and resisted exploiting or even much commenting upon it. He then went on to live an uneventful life of marital normalcy in your basic country estate until his entirely unremarkable death at age 76, on February 22, 1797.” 
Bah! Nonsense, I say! Drivel! Go to hell, all of you! You want to know what happened? What really happened? Well, read on then, damn you!


THE BARON
Darkest Africa 
June 1799
Chapter One

My given name is Hieronymus Karl Friedrich von Münchhausen but will be known herein as Baron Münchausen. As I understand, it is common practice when composing narratives based upon controversial subjects that certain names be changed. So! Far be it from me that anyone should ever confuse me with myself. 
Now, the name used to be Münchhhhausen, then Münchhhausen, then Münchhausen, various ‘h’s being sold off to provide for the family in the lean times. My father spent the penultimate one during the Brunswick Sausage Famine of 1724 and I myself sought to trade the very last upon my first week as page to the Duke. This, when the groom’s buxom daughter became desirous of changing her name to ‘Zoyah’ that she might seem more exotic, and I became desirous of knowing what the reward was for providing such a service. 
I was born in the town of Bodenwerder in 1720, among seven brothers and sisters and two perfectly good parents. My early life really holds no grand revelations or extraordinary circumstances of which to speak, but perhaps I’m biased. By the age of thirteen, I had refused three proposals of marriage, so that might be something. How many does the average lad turn down? Four or five? Bah. Well, I always was a late bloomer.
To escape the third such offer (and a forest’s worth of love letters demanding I accept my destiny) I was eventually packed off to find gainful employment, arriving at last in the service of Duke Anthony Ulrich II in Brunswick-Lüneburg. As his page, I was taught of things sufficient to a proper profession or – more preferably – a commission in the army. How to greet a lady, (unnecessary) how to bow at court, (foot turned) how to slash for the belly, (sword) and aim for the face (pistol). 
The Duke was then courting the Duchess Anna, granddaughter of Ivan V, former Tsar of Russia. The current Empress (also Anna), advanced in years, had declared a male child – if our lovely couple had one – would become Ivan VI. In time, the Duke pursued dear Duchess to marriage and relocated to the Empire, so I along with him. As he became general of the Russian army, I gained my commission and was hailed off to war against the Turks. Alas, as a mere second lieutenant (so had to salute my own horse) but a man starts where he begins.
Thus, at nineteen, was I bundled off to Moldova, a protectorate of the Ottoman Empire, whose borders burned to the south while Mother Russia glared down from the north. It was rather like being in the jaws of some great beast who doesn’t know whether to chew or swallow.
My fellow cuirassiers and I were outside the village of Stavuchany, before none other than Field Marshal Münnich himself. He strode before us, crop under his arm, ticking like clockwork. It was quite a sight. Our orders! cried he, were to charge that village and burn it to the ground on our way to the Fortress Khotyn. We would then battle for that place! We would take it! Thus ensuring a foothold that would drive the Turks back to their incense-laden dens of depravity and so think twice before vexing their betters! Ha! 
And oh, we gave them a glorious barrage of cannonfire and horseback the likes of which they had never seen, I don’t mind telling you. When it was over, Stavuchany blazed and the heathens fled to Khotyn. We then wiped the sweat from our brows and blood from our coatees and chased after. Sword upon sword, clash upon clash. And thus, I found myself amidst some unusual circumstances which I trust you will not find unentertaining. (But do pay attention, for this is not ‘fact’, but truth.)
That day, my horse was blasted from beneath me twice, and twice I pulled a Turk from his mount and threw a leg over the saddle. Finally, I simply rode a Turk himself, lashing his behind with my crop until he frothed and whinnied and his spirit broke beneath me. I named him Frobisher and he served me well. 
(Now, Mr. Raspe has said in his execrable collection of my ‘memoirs’ that I rode my cannonball at the siege of Oczakow Fortress. However, that battle took place in July 1737, a full year before I joined the service and another year before Khotyn. But! People treat a few pretty words as actual fact, which becomes history, written down and sworn solemnly. So, you begin to understand the foolishness of such endeavors. Those who declare upon places and things of which they took no part. Who does this? It is madness, I tell you!) 
Nevertheless, it was when we finally sighted Fortress Khotyn and trained our cannon upon it that I entered into infamy. I do not know why no one else did it, I do not speak for other men. Most are fools anyway and those that aren’t, are asleep or dead. I know of myself. I know I rode hard and killed many men. I know the smoke was thick and the boom of cannons became the world. I know at one point I reined Frobisher toward a pair of Turks harassing Old Mendel, our company cook. He was trying to show a sergeant how to prepare a proper omelette, as in the heat of battle one often finds himself peckish and it’s important to keep your strength up.
Mendel was giving his finish – which always involved a flip of the pan, the finished product turning languidly in the air, dripping butter – when it went awry and the whole thing fell into the path of a fired cannonball. I cannot explain the precise circumstances of how the next happened or why. The shot was one of ours, so I trust the gunner was reprimanded later. But the ball roared straight for Mendel and struck the omelette, then rebounded upon a trajectory toward me. 
That the omelette had slowed the shot enough to grab onto it was fortunate, or I might’ve been killed. So I held the thing as it passed and here I find myself nose to nose with history. With ‘historians’. Such a thing never happened, they cry! It was just a story! Well, I am here, am I not? And who would know who was shot with a cannonball deflected by an omelette? The man to whom it happened, or someone supposing he knows the nature of eggs and battle and decides, sight unseen and years later, that such things are not to be? I tell you it is the man on the cannonball. That’s simple peronimy. 
Therefore, I rode that piping hot projectile across the battlefield and adjusted my weight accordingly that I might strike the main entrance of Khotyn and allow us all to enter and lay claim.
Now, Raspe says not only was this Oczakow Fortress, (fool) but that I rode the ball over top of the wall and noted enemy positions, then – then! – caught a ball going the other way. The other way! This is not so. It was work enough to hold the thing and shift my weight on a proper course toward the fortress gates. It was not easy, I don’t mind telling you. But catching another en route? 
No, I had to hit the main gates and burst them to pieces, first. Drop to the ground inside and let the ball smash into many more men, then recover and then dispatch a few more with my sword. Only then was I able to run up to the ramparts and jump over the battlements. This, just as another shot boomed toward our distant lines. Then and only then could I land comfortably upon the newly fired ball and ride it back to my fellows.
That’s simply sound logic. But to move in transit, ball to ball, mid-air, it both amuses and infuriates me. It’s inconceivable. It makes no sense.
Chapter Two

Following many acts of bravery and valor on and off the battlefield, (not including my ride upon the cannonball, the sight of which many claimed was due to an outbreak of morbus laxus or morbus strictus, depending on whom you asked) I was finally made a full lieutenant. At least now, the horses saluted me. However, I also kept myself busy by growing a cherry tree from a tiger’s head, leading a revolt upon the Moon, and starting my own civilization. The cannonball, you know of. Let us tend to the others. 
Mr. Raspe has said the cherry grew from a stag’s head on some hunting trip or other, but this, need I even say, is entirely false. It’s impossible to say with any degree of accuracy in what fantasyland that man resides, as no details were provided in his tale for one to determine where or when this occurred. No wonder then, so many believe it did not.
So I will tell you, it was September 3, 1741, outside the city of Villmanstrand, Finland. Shortly after our siege at Khotyn against the vicious Turks, peace was declared and our new Empress Anna (the Duke’s new wife, now regent to one-year-old Ivan VI) claimed victory. The Sultan did as well – and just as quickly – so before long, we knew another war would break out in order to determine precisely who had said it first. 
So, to keep us sharp for the inevitable clash, many of us were sent north, to combat the Swedish Count in his territory of Finland. That devil had stolen Mad Peter’s enchanted ushanka, which held the power of the Empire and might help the Count finally take St. Petersburg. (This was, of course, an embarrassment to the Count – who wished to be feared on his own merits – so a number of political myths were invented to account for that war. They persist to this day.)
However, we had taken Villmanstrand, but, as any schoolchild can tell you, the Swedes ride to war dressed in golden armor, astride a glorious Bengalese tiger. This made for a terrible fight. The beasts take no saddle or reins but rely solely on some unspoken understanding with their masters on where to go and whom to maul. But we held fast! Lieutenant General Buddenbrock, who tried to assist our bold Mr. Lacy, would suffer for his untimeliness, to be sure.
After taking the city, we strolled the streets as fires burned and prisoners were pushed from doorways, hands on their heads. Above us, the Moon shone full over the gutted ruins of that once sprawling metropolis. Golden warriors and great tigers lay dead among our own brothers and I rode Frobisher into the horror. There, I cut off some tiger meat and hauled the bloody haunches toward supper. As we all crouched about the flames, turning our steaks, we heard a commotion in the darkness. 
Split my beard! Another tiger! It wandered toward us, snuffling the shattered cobblestones as we scrambled into position. While the men loaded their rifles, a thought struck me. I had some cherry pits in my coat pocket, to work my jaw against the cold. It also kept my tongue slaked as our canteens froze easily and it was not always convenient to take water. 
So, I loaded the stones into my rifle, congratulating myself on what was also an economical solution to our dwindling ammunition supplies. My aim secure, I brought the monster down with a shot straight to its forehead. It collapsed with a grunt, throwing up a great heave of snow toward the fire. 
However, as we approached to inspect the damage, we watched in amazement as a small sapling began to grow from the creature’s skull! This is not entirely unusual given the extreme heat of my cherry shot coupled with the accumulated moisture from my sucking on them. Naturally, this would reproduce nicely the conditions required for growth. Truth be, it occurred that if tended right, we might grow up enough cherries right then for a nice tart. We had finished the birthday cake Old Mendel had baked for our Captain last week and were down to only a handful of zefirs.
With haste, I moved back to the fire and took up a coffee pot. It was Lieutenant Kovacolaroski’s turn to make it that evening and to say his coffee is strong is to say that Russians are rambunctious or Swedes are a bit tall. I need hardly mention, a few drops of that vile juice upon the cherry sapling, and it grew two metres in a trice. But, as I poured another few, the cap came loose, spilling the entire pot! 
Instantly, we were blown back as the trunk expanded. The tree passed fifty metres in a blink, then two hundred, then curved far, far into the sky, higher than the Colossus of Rhodes. (Which no longer remains but suggests its great height by the feet alone.)
When the Moon shifted slightly as though jostled, it was clear the tree had finally come to rest in the Heavens. I brooked no argument – though this was purely peremptory, as none was forthcoming – and volunteered to ascend those Tolearean heights. If it was cherries we required, then the fruits would be found upon its highest branches now in the vicinity of the Moon. I must go! 
Frobisher protested, faithful Frobisher! But I quieted him with a pat on the head. Had I known we would not see one another for years upon years, I might have given him a biscuit.
Then hatchet in hand, I carved out some handholds in the trunk of that avoscious arbor and made my way. Up and up, hack and chop, with my fellows cheering me on. The battle fires below grew dimmer and more faint and before long, were stars themselves, to match those awaiting me far above. I sang a 
few songs to keep a chopping rhythm, and rested a time or two on ledges I managed to carve. 
When my blade became dull, I sharpened it against my pigtail, (a trim braid tied with a bowed ribbon) which is not so strange as it might seem. Hair is enchanted in my family and has been, since the time of my explorer ancestor Münchysseus, who once saved the life of a Grecian princess by yanking out a handful of his own locks and stuffing them in her ears, thus keeping her from being hypnotized by sirens on the Aegean Sea.
In this fashion then, I reached the top and with a grand leap and mighty ‘Huzzah!’ dropped to the Moonish surface. Unfortunately, the cherries I sought had grown relative to the tree itself, so were much too large to carry back down. The size of cottages they were! Or at least, very large cabins or I am much mistaken. I shook one loose however and peered down as it fell, its speed carving a lush grazel of comet fire all the way down. 
Old Mendel would make do.
Chapter Three

Now, the Moon is made primarily of cheeses, and this is well-known. At least, the light side is. The dark side is something else. That is why there is a wall between the two sides, with a sealed gateway in the middle, that neither may ever influence the other. So, on the light side, there is flavour and fragrance and all things wonderful. On the dark, it is horrible and moldy and smells of feet. But that is not yet. 
Now, I was upon the light, where creams and consistencies change with season and location. Cheddar in autumn at the poles, mozzarella in winter near the equator, and so on. It was summer in the south, so there was a hard Parmesan kicking up fragrant dust below my boots as I walked toward a city in the distance. From the plure of it wafting on the breeze, it was made of Gouda and I longed to walk its red, waxy streets. Perhaps I would take in a show!
As drew nearer, I tried to encompass the size of the place. Gigantic churches with hunched gargoyles and towering steeples. Arched, stained-glass windows where the Great Pyramid itself could sit like a flowerpot upon the sill. Other high-flung evicules whose purpose I couldn’t fathom, with ziggurat steps and domed roofs and long clavers strung between them in the Branwit style. 
Then lush, verdant smells, the closer I got. Fruit, beneath the scent of those massive yellow bricks. Apples and cantaloupe and even plums. I soon saw their shapes rising to enormous heights behind the city proper, so imagine them as planets. A cosmic arrangement brought forth for some titanic still-life painter, yet unseen. Dimpled strawberries, supple peaches, and the hull of a vast, impossible watermelon, its green zebra stripes glowing in the Sun. Oh, the Sun was close, I assure you. Closer than you would think. If I didn’t know better, I would say it was on the verge of attacking.
I squished along the soft, red streets to the nearest alehouse and pounded the bar for a lager. This took some doing as I had to hack my hatchet up the side of it for close upon an hour before I was at the top, so ludicrously tall was it. 
And all about me were hundreds of detached heads, (enormous heads!) whirling in distress. With clever use of teeth and tongue, one of them managed to pour me a glass of beer however, and though I held no mooncoin (their half dollar is the size of a wagon wheel) I was allowed to drink, provided I led them all in a revolt against their mad king before he brought them into a terrible war.
Perhaps I should explain.
I knew from perusing ancient texts studied only in forgotten mountain monasteries and ruined temples deep within the jungles of savage Africa, that the Moon is inhabited by creatures other than ourselves. While I have always said my childhood occurred without incident – or rather, incidents unusual to those who expect the sky to remain blue and for love to prevail – that is not to say said childhood was uninteresting. 
I am, after all, from the family Münchhhhausen and we are a peculiar breed to be sure. We have books and sayings and the elders liked to fascinate one another with stories of times past. The peculiar abounds. But the children are kept mainly ignorant and happy. I think our parents do this, that we may think back on calmer, more dependable times when we discover that from which the world is truly made. And if one of us is more peculiar than the others – and if I might be that one so peculiar – I do not find it the least quosean that I would steal into a forbidden library or eavesdrop upon a candlelit conversation when I should have been in bed.
So, I knew of the Moon and its terrors. I knew of the ten-metre-high Selenians and their culture and even some of their language. I knew their warbeasts, those three-headed monstrosities called Vilox they ride into battle. Like vultures crossed with dragons and feathered with serpents. These were birthed from seeds dropped in bowls of sunlight and left to grow, as were their enormous masters and every other race upon the Moon. Attributes varied among them all, depending on amount of sunlight and size of the bowl, certainly. This is simply science. Specific to the Selenians however, was their tremendous size, detachable head, and an intriguing peculiarity (and this is where you should pay attention) of internal anatomy related to the stomach.
You see, their chests opened like doors to reveal only that: a stomach. No heart or liver or other organs to trouble them. In some of this, the fool Raspe had it right. The Selenians simply do not eat as we do, but place food through the door and into their digestive machinery and this, only once a week. (Not, as he said, once a month. How a person could only eat once a month is beyond my comprehension. And despite his prurient assertions, they do not go in the nude. They dress in shimmering tunics and pantaloons and cowled capes as any denizens of a lunar kingdom might do.)
But more importantly, the head detaches from the body. The body is modeled on the same design as a human – though it be of considerably greater size – while the head can float as it pleases. Thus, can it consider, conflect and configure and be generally unconcerned with the more animal functions of its carriage. 
However, the longer the head is away, the more enraged the body becomes. There is no reason anymore, no calculation of consequence to hold fast the urges that coursed through that raw, anatomical engine of limbs and lewdness. So, I was not surprised the heads were concerned because their bodies had become furious with bloodlust. No, this did not surprise me at all.
The Lunarcopia, (that colossal garden of fruits I have since described) separated the army of bodies from their heads and while you may think it strange to find fruit upon a Moon made of cheeses, I encourage you to expand your palate. A tray of fruit sliced properly with cheeses, each attending to the point and counterpoint of the various sweet and savory flavours of the other, is wholly worth exploring. You are a fool not to try it this very evening.
But fruit is healthful and nourishing, so is anathema to the savage bodies who stomp about the wastelands beyond the Lunarcopia. They wanted only to fight and fornicate and crush their own heads if they got the chance, for their heads could make them sane enough to know this is a terrible idea. 
And that these monsters were being led by the King of the Moon only made things worse. As the most noble and reasonable head of the Lunar Empire, his body became the most ruthless and hateful of the warlords. 
A revolt would not be easy. Oh, now, the problem was not without intrigue. Surely not. It was not without merit. But it was, for the nonce, without comparison to the delight of floating nude on my back within a tankard of ale the size of a mountain. 
I remained there for some time.
Chapter Four

The lunar alehouse was known as the Sea of Iniquity, which is clever if you think about it. Those Selenian heads flew about the place, anguished over the coming war. For indeed it was coming, the dogs of war themselves now loose outside and prowling the streets of fair Lunaria. Known as Anton and Maurice, they are twins, discernible only by their collars, one orange, the other purple. They are drawn to Earth (from the Dog Star, most naturally) for the constant fog of aggression which enshrouds our world. (Indeed, this is what clouds are made of and if you do not agree, tell me your disposition upon being caught out in the rain!) Smelling such aggression on the Moon – in the form of the headless bodies clashing their spears beyond the massive Lunarcopia – they were seeking blood. 
I myself had yet to solve the heads’ problem, reuniting those compassionate craniums with their belligerent bodies. This revolt would not be of the usual kind, of course, where one goes banging down doors and pushing the governor about. The heads themselves were the governors, the law and order, as it were. So this would be something of a reverse situation, those in calm and careful charge needing to go out and start a riot to remain in charge.
I climbed out of the beer stein and put my uniform back on, tugging the filthy cuffs from the sleeves and fretting over a bit of frayed edging on my coatee. I paced the bar top, hands behind my back while I considered the issue. No, alcohol does not dull me. In fact, it races through my system, throwing open such latches and levers as allows fantastic thoughts to flow forth and become inspiration. Especially after I sober up and have a coffee. I called for coffee. It was served in a cup whose dimensions approached that of a small lake. I strode the rim of it then, dipping in my hat as needed. 
'Ah ha!' I cried, after my third hat. I laughed at the irony of my plan. It would all depend, of course, on how the bodies were keeping their heads from being re-attached. Surely, the heads had all floated beyond the Lunarcopia to plead with their former selves? The Moon King’s head assured me this was so. And there, they had seen the great corks sealing the bodies’ neckholes. Wonderful!
So, I shushed those noisome noodles and calmed them with a fine speech. They could not applaud, of course, but gave me the Dutch salute with their tongues, very loudly. I told them too, I would address the warlords and give them both our blessing and our thanks. The heads gasped at the thought but I assured them, this was required.
Shortly then, I rode upon the King’s ear toward the leviathan shapes of the Lunarcopia. In the wasteland beyond, the war-crazed bodies quit their cacophonous rabbling at my sharply shouted hallo! and took up a loose formation. Their spears and swords gleamed. I noted the King was in front, so judged by his fine raiment and many jewels. Indeed, a great cork was shoved into his neckhole, and those of the others, forever separating slave and master. Clutches of the vicious Vilox perched on cheesy cliffs and scowled down. 
I urged the King’s head up, up, up, that I might make my address face-to-chest with his former self. Out in the blackness of the ether, the Sun shone close. Surely, the flame-flickered demons upon it were eager for battle. As the King’s head had told me, his body arranged the conflict, throwing insults across the void to dare that blazing planet: Draw near and be conquered! (However, since there could be no words from mouths in front, the bodies had relied on expressing themselves from...behind and truly, the Solar Empire was more furious than if they’d simply been called a name or two.)
I thanked the assembled warlords for this effort and bowed deeply. Damn the fool Sun! They stomped their feet in reply and clashed their blades. But would they join me in a drink? Another fury of stomping. Excellent! said I, and the King’s head spun off and took us back from whence we came. 
Once out of sight, we dropped into the Lunarcopia. There, the other heads met us as arranged and all began taking great chomps from the giant watermelon which served as the centerpiece of that gargantuan garden.
I waited below as they all took a turn, eating into the hull and holding the juicy bites in their cheeks. As the heads lived on mooncheese, their mouths were a ghastly, fermented affair and perfect for my plan. When the last bite was taken and the hull quite hollow, I then presented the heads with a distressing logical problem. Namely: Two fathers and two sons each caught three hares, yet each received exactly one. How? 
And the heads furrowed their brows and began to think at such a pace, their cheeks reddened and steam poured from their ears! Their brains boiled at the thought! Perfect! Then I directed them up, back to the hollow melon and there they dripped out the alcohol from the cheese-fermented mash in their mouths. When the hull was full I called for the King’s ear, up! and soon stood before the Selenian warlords once more. 
The Sun was nearly to our shores. Already, I could see the flame demons there dancing about in anticipation of the coming battle, from sprightly imps of savage yellow to boiling beasts of unruly orange.
With a single, massive hand, the King’s body scooped out a giant pumpkin for a cup and each of his fellows opened their chests. Then drinks were sloshed up from the watermelon hull and held high. Huzzah! And when each of these had been poured into a warlord stomach, I raised a hat of my own brew with a mighty toast. The bodies stomped in thanks, then ran for the far shore as the Sun closed in. 
Great chains were hurled from that place and anchors bit into the hard, stinking ground. The solar demons hauled their links hand over hand until our coasts crashed together and a rumble shivered beneath our feet. The Vilox took flight and alighted beside their masters, eager for battle.
But too late, the Selenians’ stomping and the heat of the Sun had done its work on the distillated alcohol inside them. Suddenly, great explosions sounded within their bellies, belchiferous bursts blowing skyward and taking the corks with them!
Then the heads gave a cry and zoomed from their hiding places behind the Lunarcopia. I rode with the King, hooting for the quickness of it and holding my hat to my head. Oh, how each of them landed firmly upon their neckholes and twisted around to screw themselves in place! What genius!
The Solarites looked on in surprise, but were never more shocked than when the now re-headed Selenians dropped their weapons and bowed low. I gripped the King’s ear as we dipped down and I heard him say:
‘You are mighty, and we, but your lowly servants. There will be no war between us.’ 
And so, the Sun withdrew.
Chapter Five

My leap from the edge of the Moon was reckless, but more time-saving than unclimbing the giant cherry tree that had brought me there. As I fell through the ether, I espied the dogs of war, Anton and Maurice, streaking off in plumes of pulchant fire for parts unknown. They’d been denied and would have no little revenge upon me, in time. But that is not yet.
I fell slowly at first, then more and more quickly on approach to our clouded blue marble, giving credence to Mr. Newton’s axiom: ‘The forces which keep the planets in their orbs must be reciprocally as the squares of their distances from the centers about which they revolve.’ A childish way to put it, but the man was correct. Faster and faster I fell.
I went through my pockets to keep myself occupied. I cleaned my pistol and caught up on some correspondence. I tightened my curls and gave my eyebrows a pluck. There was little else to occupy me then until my boots began to smolder and my coat caught fire. Well, it was something at least. And then I became consumed in a blazing conflagration that streaked across the sky. But this too, grew tiresome. I slept. 
When I awoke, I was falling through the clouds with a vast, blue ocean below. The last of the flames were puttering off my fingertips. I dusted the soot from my coat as I espied a ship sailing neatly into my path. Legs together, toes pointed, I don’t mind telling you I cut a trim line sliding along the curve of its fluffing mainsail to land with a stomp upon the deck. 'Hallo, good sirs!'
Why, it was my regiment, on its way back to St. Petersburg! Mr. Lacy himself came out to greet me with a glad hand, pumping my arm like a ratchet. There was a question on his lips for certain, but I put paid to that. While my abrupt entrances have often been the cause of some controversy, I have ever been able to eschew inquiry by virtue of the spectacle itself. With a sweeping bow and a bit of ‘Hieronymous Münchausen, at your service’ no one has time to inquire as my picture of nonchalance makes them wonder whether they’ve missed something about the way the world actually works. Mr. Lacy was no different. Afterward, I went belowdecks to my brothers for more handshakes and warm brandy and all was well. 
I saw little more action the rest of the year, I’m sorry to say. That is, until December when cousin Elizabeth stormed the Winter Palace in the dead of night and rousted the Duke and Anna straight out of bed. Faster than you could wind your watch, she was Empress of the Empire, my former master was in prison and I was fleeing the barracks with a bag in my fist. Oh, I wouldn’t be sticking around for the aftermath of this, no sir. Trundling along in a hailed carriage, I would make for the docks and trust the resignation I’d left on my pillow would be delivered to the proper authorities. 
Indeed, the Duke hardly knew me over any other servant to his court, but I still felt a kinship. His court had raised me, to a certain extent. Was there no loyalty there? I felt there was. Besides which, I certainly didn’t relish the thought of lining up my old comrades against the wall our new Tsarina’s orders. A coup always came down to that, it was well-known. Dirty business, usurping, and the Empire was famous for it. The whole of the world was, in those days. I’d always told myself when the Duke’s time came (and I was truly surprised he and Anna had lasted this long) I would turn my attention to other endeavors. Thus, I traded in my uniform for some pantaloons and my helmet for a kerchief and set sail aboard the Avestruz Rey.
That we eventually anchored off an island run by power-mad ostriches who put us to work in their egg mines was surprising, but not entirely unexpected. The island itself had a massive central peak carved in the shape of their ostrich king, (the Tyrannous Taranto, as he was known) with a crown and a scowl and one curled wingtip holding a scepter. Our Captain Umläüt thought if this were indeed some manner of bird-based civilization, however, they would be in the trees, while we only needed a bit of water from the ground. He was wrong, of course.
(I thought at first the creatures must be emus until realizing they were another beast entirely. Of course, Linnaeus ‘officially’ discovered the ostrich in 1758, but I have not bothered to dispute him or claim credit. Nor have I revealed, until now, those birds’ ambition for global domination. Were I to mention it in polite company of course, they would scoff. [The members of said company, not the birds. Though make no mistake, the ostrich is very snooty.] So! I say let mankind figure it out on their own while they languish in chains for that terrible race of beaked barbarians. The day is coming, I assure you.)
These monsters were known in their own language as the Kaksivarvas and the mines in which we slaved produced their eggs and thus, their young. Once plucked from the cavern walls, the eggs were loaded in carts – hard like rocks and unbreakable – until they had been wheeled out on tracks into the sunlight. A short time later, the eggs hatched and the newling birds ate of a special flower in abundance all over the island. This then allowed them to achieve full adulthood almost immediately.
Our crew was not alone there, many other shipwrecked sailors and unfortunate explorers already suffering in their shackles under the Overseer’s lash. This was a birdy devil known as Lord Hotfruit, captain of the guard and a crueler tyrant you’d be hard-pressed to find. His troops lined every tunnel throughout the mountain, scowling in their horned helmets and striking out with their whips at the least provocation. I myself earned a lash or two for leading several revolts, none of which were successful. (While the Kaksivarvas are flightless, their legs are powerful and there is not a man on Earth they cannot run to ground.) 
Unfortunately, the constant strife of freedom and capture eventually drove most of my shipmates insane, Captain Umläüt among the first. On his heels was First Mate Shelby, then Dr. Kelmanfris, Bo’sun Hadleypran and soon, I was left to myself, surrounded by a madhouse of jibbering, screaming men. Hour after hour, day upon day, clanking their chains as they hauled egg after horrible egg from the walls of our prison and into the world.
Shortly thereafter, I was able to slip away without a hundred other men to worry about. Picking my locks and knocking Hotfruit unconscious with my pick was, of course, a trifle. Oh, we struggled in a vise-like grip of snarling death and rolled around while the guards cheered, but I never doubted the outcome. Neither did the guards, which is what made denting their own arrogant skulls as simple as it had been with their master. Now, impersonating an ostrich all the way to the beach (even with the horned helmet and a great deal of birdish noises) proved more challenging. Not as challenging as sailing our ship away all by myself, but really, very difficult. 
In the end, a truly awful way to spend a week, I don’t mind telling you.
Chapter Six

I sailed long and far from that ludicrous asylum, as fast as I was able. Can a man rig a sail while steering with his feet? He can if he is careful. He can also turn the rudder and swab the deck and blow the brass horn to bring himself to attention for further instructions. If he keeps his wits, he can be an entire crew and shout when to drop anchor and where to fire on pirates and how to stand on both sides of the Captain’s desk and argue about just who he thinks he is when it comes to giving orders around here!
Neptune was of tremendous assistance during this time, that great god often striding head and shoulders above the waves beside my vessel, all chiseled profile and shining curls. He found my deft hand at the tiller most remarkable and promised to keep the sea calm for a return to civilization. I said that was unnecessary, I was up for any adventure, come what may. That is, so long as I never returned to the isle of the Kaksivarvas. I recounted my time in the mines and the speed with which they were able to quell a revolt. 
‘Ah, certainly, but they are not faster than a horse!’ said the sea god. 
‘Oh, indeed, faster than any horse,’ said I. 
Which was so. I had ridden Arabians who sat still compared to the fleetness of a Kaksivar. 
‘Is that so,’ said Neptune and the sky seemed to darken a bit. 
‘I mean no offence,’ said I, ‘but that is the truth. Remarkably fast creatures!’ 
‘Save for horses,’ said the god. 
But I could not bring myself to lie. 
‘No, horses were no exception. Cheetahs are faster than horses, in any event.’ 
‘LIES!’ bellowed Neptune, as rain fell in sheets. 
‘Well! I will not be bullied, not by a god of the sea, not by anyone!’ I cried. 
‘God of the sea and of horses!’ Neptune roared, as waves began to build. 
‘Horses too? The devil you say!’ but it was too late. A frothing ocean curled to either side and lightning slashed from the sky. 
Oh, such a storm!
When it was done, I shouldered a shattered plank off my back and stood upon the beach of yet another strange island. A dark and fearsome jungle awaited. I wrung out my bucket boots and found a piece of flag to fashion into a new kerchief. Cutlass in hand, I strode up the sand and into the trees. 
I was not long carving a path into that forbidding terrain when I stopped at a raging river. While pondering my options for traversing it, the ground began to shake. Suddenly, palm trunks were blasted apart for the charge of an enormous reptile! A massive head full of fangs roared open as two tiny arms twitched beneath, eager to grab hold. Powerful haunches with taloned toes tore the ground while a mighty tail lashed in its wake. I fled back the way I came, but soon dug my heels to a skidding stop – another was closing in from the other side!
 It was fortunate they both leapt – 
(By the way, Raspe declares the following took place between a lion and a crocodile. Why? It’s quite well-known, there are no two fonder friends to be found in the jungle. To think they would fight over food? I think when the time came for that man to put pen on paper, my tales had already claimed what little mind God had bothered to scrape from the workbench and dust into his head. But I digress.) 
Now then. 
It was fortunate they both leapt for their meal at the same time, for merely ducking beneath their enormous frames gave me the happy result of one leaping straight into the other’s mouth! Ha ha! One great beast thrashed in circles with the other jammed halfway down his gullet. It was a frightening little j’aime la tarte, to say the least. Around and around they went until they were suffocated and with a resounding boom! they crashed to the jungle floor. Dead!
I bid farewell with a deep bow and, turning my attention to the river and its intrigues, cried out as a long, curving neck shot from the water! Like a python sewed to the body of some massive, flippered hippopotamus! That hissing head clamped onto my arm before I could flee and tried to pull me in! 
Well, I wouldn’t have it. Reaching farther down that snaky throat, I held on and gave a mighty pull. In a trice he was inside out, a clatter of bones falling around me as I held the flat balloon of his hideous hide.
(Raspe says this feat was accomplished with a wolf. I’m sure that story entertains the fellow inmates of whatever asylum in which he currently resides.)
I now had my way across the river, that was the important thing. Tying the beast’s bones into a frame with my hair, I fit the scaly skin around and smoothed it into a canoe. With my cutlass, I carved an oar from a giant rib and off I went. I fought the current as best I could, but halfway across I was hit broadwise by a sudden surge! Backward I went! Sideways! Upside down, then right again! Faster and faster along the rapids, deeper and deeper into the jungle! What a day I was having! 
More of those long necks sprouted up with a snarl. Terrible fish snapped across my path, teeth bristling! Several of those hungry, tiny-armed demons I had faced before roared at me from the banks. This jungle was simply teeming with bizarre beasts! 
Then the water picked up speed and I found myself battling through jagged rocks. My canoe bumped down cataract after cataract toward nothing less than a gigantic waterfall. Drat! I couldn’t make for the shore of course, but I would be dashed to pieces if I kept on. There was nothing for it but to set a grim countenance and come what may.
As my little boat shot over the foamy cusp into oblivion, I dove toward the lagoon below. But another long neck was there, jaws snapping at the prospect of fresh meat! Too late, I curled into a ball to make my transit into its belly as painless as possible when I felt a pull upon my back. Claws! Curved claws gripping my shoulders as I was hauled into the sky!
I craned around to see a spread of giant bat wings, longer than ten men head to toe. But it was no bat. With a long head like a pair of scissors and those red, shining eyes, this thing was the Devil himself or one of his minions! I watched the jungle spin below as it swooped us toward a large tree. Below were several tiny versions of itself raaaawk! raaaawk! rawking in a huge nest! The claws unclenched as we passed by and down I went, crying out as I fell into the midst of those horrible, snapping beaks!
Chapter Seven

The young of most animal species – humans included – operate on savage instinct and have no personal opinions upon the food they receive. If it is there, they will eat it. If not, they will continue to wail and cry until circumstances change. If you happen to be the food in question, certainly, you can make yourself available to be eaten. However, if you do not mind being drenched in cold sweat and possess a certain gift for improvisation, you might be able to forestall any unpleasant effects of your presence by getting out in front of the situation, so to speak.
So, in that terrible nest, I flapped my own arms with my new avian friends and cheeped and squawked and jutted my chin up as if we had all been hatched together. After a few moments I was one of their own and they forgot I had even been dropped. Now we were all brothers sharing in the same affliction. It was not a condition I could continue indefinitely – given the eventual return of their mother – but it gave me time to perfect their frantic wing flapping. It was instinctual on their part, but they only lacked the confidence to put it into practice. With no such issues, it was not long before I was leaping off the edge of the nest to try my hand at flying.
It did not go well, but I was able to glide enough to affect an escape. I flapped a good distance over the sea before my arms became tired, at which point I alighted on a small crop of rocks with a few gulls. I looked back at the shore, then out to the forbidding horizon. I would not always be so lucky to find somewhere to set down. I might tie some of the gulls together to make one large enough to sit on and perhaps steer, but in which direction? Gulls are persnickety at best and might give me trouble on the way, in any event. No, I needed a boat.
So, I flapped my way back to the beach and chopped on through the undergrowth with my blade. I’d look for a discarded boat, first. After that, a shipbuilder to make me one. If that failed me, then I suppose I would have to wait for someone to shipwreck and then hitch a ride when they were rescued. 
I was well within these thoughts, debating the best course, when suddenly, I became aware of grunts and snorts all about me. Shapes appeared within the jungle on either side. I turned back, but the rustling of ferns told me they were in my wake as well. I was surrounded!
Instantly, a troop of strange beings leapt into view. They were men, or nearly so. Hairy and squat like the gorilla, but with almost human faces. They held sticks and bones and hooted me to surrender my sword. My pockets were emptied and one of them actually took my kerchief and put it on! I was then prodded to the head of their little group and into the forest primeival. Who they were and what they intended I could not begin to guess. 
Before long, we were marching down a steep hill, into a valley of brothers and sisters, hopping about on their knuckles and waving their arms overhead at our arrival. Caves lined the interior of the place and more of them poked their heads from here, curious at the commotion. They were at first too frightened to approach but ultimately, I was too intriguing to ignore.
My various personal items were of considerable interest, my tinder box especially. When one of them squatted to the ground and struck the flint, a pile of grass suddenly blazed up. It caused such a stir, that every one of those little monsters gave a cry and all their hair fell out! Those fearful faces were even more strange to behold now, with wide, flat noses and a thick ridge over deep-set eyes. I shall not begin to speak on the state of what hair remained on their heads. I wanted quite badly to wash and style it for them and perhaps set a few curls.
I added some branches and leaves to the fire and soon, a fine roar was before us. The tribe drew near, eyes widening to such an extent they completely pushed back those brow ridges, thus giving themselves a better view of things. This led to interested glances at the sky – which had previously been cut off – which meant a lot of stretching their shoulders and standing up straight for once. When a few of them wandered from the fire however, they complained for the cold, which began an argument for alleviating the situation. 
Using my plucked hair through a bone needle, I provided the instruction received in the Duke’s court when tasked with mending his stockings. This got us started with some loincloths, but a few mavens in the tribe decided a bit of lace and crushed velvet couldn’t hurt, which got them thinking about places to put it which got them thinking about sleeves and pantaloons which soon got us a bustling fashion industry. 
Of course, what is the point of debuting the latest colours and styles without a public event, so we set about building an opera house. This meant an actual opera to perform, which meant actors to perform it, which meant paying them, which meant a mint, which also meant someone to run it. This also meant other ways to spend money, which meant tanneries and bookstores and apothecaries and the like. Alehouses, for example, so everyone could talk about how expensive things were, given the arbitrarily assigned class structures and attendant salaries I had devised to keep opening night attendance within reasonable limits and avoid a fire hazard. 
Now, without reviews, no production can hope to last, so this meant a newspaper. That invited a host of other necessities, namely social issues and foreign affairs and local interest stores, not to mention vicious little cartoons about the king. It also meant we needed one, along with a palace in which he could hide as riots broke out about the unfairness of his being chosen in the first place. Somehow, the smashing success of our premiere did nothing to quell dissent.
Therefore, it only made sense to have an army quiet things down and another army to keep them from getting too powerful and some cultural divisions to tell them apart. While this caused fear and hatred about the sudden differences between the two groups, the addition of cannons and muskets ensured that everyone got to air their grievances. 
It created quite an industry, with factories pouring smoke at all hours, which poisoned the various animals, who lay down and died. However, once their bones were dusted off – especially the roaring, tiny-armed devils that had assailed me a few hours before – this encouraged scientific inquiry, so I was pleased that we got a few questions answered about where those strange creatures had come from. (I won’t say I was satisfied with the results, but several essays on the subject were awaiting peer review so I was hopeful a resolution at the local Royal Society would be forthcoming as soon as I got the place built.) 
In all, it was a busy day. 
The next morning, I blew kisses at some lovely ladies lining the street, letting them shower me with flowers thrown from their baskets. I shook hands with the city fathers and tousled a few dirty-faced scamps begging for alms. Everyone else got my fondest good luck for the coming coup and soon, I was at the shipyard. There, I selected a rugged little skiff and, once I was through the naval blockade, made for the nearest horizon.
Chapter Eight

I sailed for weeks, even days, boot to the bow, spyglass to my eye, the wind at my back. An excellent pose befitting my part of intrepid captain, I don’t mind telling you. On my way out of Inselplatz (as I’d dubbed my island), I’d stopped at one of the finer boutiques to purchase some clothes in my preferred style. Wool and linen under a Russian kaftan and a plumed tricorner, very fine. I looked like Mad Peter himself, off to make trouble. Fair-to, I was a cavalry joss well above my station as master of his own vessel, but one adapts to his circumstances. Besides, I was a Baron to boot. (It’s important to impress other heads of state while out and about forging a mighty empire.)
Of course, viscount is higher, certainly. Then earl and marquess and then duke, but as you know, a man starts where he begins. Besides, it was more a formality. King König bestowed it as I needed to attend his court without a great deal of responsibilities distracting my general management of his entire civilization. (Like Inselplatz, King Kaiser König himself was a rather uninspired bit of nomenclature, but I had been between organizing an educational system and picking out some good religions, so they do not rank among my best work. The University of Schulgebäude and the Holy Church of Kirchenbänke-Zumbeten fall in much the same category.)
But no matter. I was on the seas once more! Braving these brash, thrashing waves in search of another place on which to fix my stamp. Deserts, forests, icy wastes, I would not be picky. And was not, as I made landfall in many mysterious and unusual places. Anahuac temples, Varangian ruins, and the place where the other stocking goes when the washerwoman claims she ‘misplaced it’. 
(Raspe is notoriously silent on these adventures and many others over the course of my career. He confines himself to the oddest trifles from what is an astounding record of work. We know he is stupid and insane, but imbecilic and out of his mind? I had no idea.)
 I also found the land of cheese, Kvasu, which is said to be a piece of the Moon, fallen to Earth. (It was ruled by a race of devious narwhals, but I conquered them smartly and was declared Manchego Feta, which is their highest office. A year well spent, I don’t mind telling you.) I also found the island of Malleo Proposi, which, it turned out, was quite unfortunate.
Many authors had wrecked upon its shores in bygone days, then gone on to write about it. Mr. Swift for one, and Cervantes, Rabelais, Dante and who knew how many others. I saw giants and demons and miniature men and creatures I imagine were allegories of political leaders. After a time, however, it became difficult discerning who was who, so I stopped trying. The entire experience was rather like those embassy dinners full of wine and brandy where someone of note is liable to make a terrible joke at which you’ve no choice but to laugh, despite either not understanding the subtext or not caring about the overture. (It hurts the head in either event, which is why I believe the liquor flows so freely in such places.)
The citizens of Malleo Proposi were no different, hoisting a nightly fete of their own which would try the patience of Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev-Ryumin himself. (Diplomats and ambassadors take note! That is a funny joke.)
Added to which, the sole preoccupation of every Proposan at those dinners – from brain-fevered knights to religious zealots – was assigning metaphorical value to everything they came across. From the silverware to the roast beef to the choice of music, all had meaning. The jungle around us was sin, the sky was redemption, someone said a salt cellar represented the light of truth and being (in contrast to the twilight of becoming and perishing) at which point I excused myself and set sail once more. How could I not? (The roast beef was rather good, though. Not in the sense of reality and actuality some believed, but I did feel it possessed a certain prope nihil.) 
At any rate, I sailed, I sweated. I hailed, too, calling out to ships for supplies as needed. Once on deck, I would even trade a tale or two for news back home. I met few who heard tell of Bodenwerder, but plenty more that knew fair Russia. They fought Sweden still and kept a garrison – my old regiment! – across the bay from those icy devils in the Latvian port of Riga. Not so many months ago in fact, a swab told me, there had been much pomp in that place for the wedding of a wealthy squire’s daughter to a young lieutenant. 
‘Oh?’ said I. 
‘Aye,’ said he. ‘His name was Münchausen, as well. Any relation, do you suppose?’ 
And I had to think he was. One of my brothers, though? I doubted it. Had the swab got it backward and then some? Was it one of my sisters marrying some lieutenant or squire? I ran the list, but could come up with no candidates among my kindred in either column. (Fair-to, I didn’t know them all that well, [save Amelia and Leopold] but none of them had taken to the family blood as I had. Bookbiters and baggagemakers, on the main.
No, sir, something was astir, I knew not what. While it troubled me, the weather as I shoved off troubled me more. That night the waves went still and by next day I was in the doldrums. Not a speck of wind anywhere. Before I could lament upon it though, a gull landed on the transom to keep me company. While they say that birds only alight on a ship close to land, it was not the case with this fellow. Given his black eye and generally peevish attitude, you can be sure he’d been ejected from whatever flock had grown tired of him.
We had little to say to one another. He spoke only Dutch – which nearly had me swinging an oar – but this was forgiven by the bottle of brandy and deck of cards he pulled from under his wing. (He was a fair hand at Grobhäusern, but Ombre requires three players, so we had to flag down a mermaid.) 
It passed the time. 
I did attempt to teach him some Russian and German and even Latin, but he refused. That is of course, save ‘Spero nos adepto deglutitus sit a balaena’, which I simply attributed to his sullen demeanor. Though, like a prophecy, his words came back to haunt us when we caught some particularly large swells one day. Indeed, from some undersea beast! 
I expressed my trepidation at being swallowed up when Rico Bassoon (as the gull called himself) declared this was nonsense. I replied it was indeed not and took the appropriate offence. (Not for nothing does a man fret over such seeming improbability when he has been so swallowed no less than eight times in his life, half of them in the last year alone.)
Instead, I sought to instruct Monsieur Basoon on the finer points of survival inside a large fish, to wit: 

1. The making of fires in the stomach.
2. The greetings exchanged upon meeting fellow travelers in the digestive tract.
3. A recipe for bile duct wine which had been taught to me by a passel of Italian fishermen I once encountered inside of a whale.

In fact, I had been right in the middle of explaining how best to avoid being swallowed in the first place, (this involves the use of wig powder and a large mirror) when a pair of enormous jaws broke the surface beside us and my point was rendered moot.
When we had our wits about us once more, we sat upon the spongy, pink interior of a vast and terrible creature. Flickering torches were hung along the heaving walls to either side. I climbed from the boat and drew my sword, offering an arm to my companion as a perch. He would have none of it though and gathered up his cards and what remained of the brandy and spiraled away toward a blowhole. 
I cursed him then, as I curse all Dutch people. Brigands! Devils!
Chapter Nine

You would never believe me if I told you I encountered an entire civilization in the belly of that leviathan, so I will not. However, I did, and if you wish to continue reading, you must put your prejudice for the remarkable quite aside and admit to no little ignorance about the way of things. You’ve certainly done so thus far, I only ask for a little more. Fine! A great deal more. Otherwise, I will put you in the column among Raspe and Facts and Vile History and all the little red marks that count against them. I will then continue to tell this story quite without you. I do not think you would like that, as you would be left staring at a blank page and flipping it to and fro and holding it up to the light and wondering where all the words have gone. Not! an enjoyable way to spend an afternoon, I don’t mind telling you.
Therefore, please comprehend the following in a calm and reasonable fashion: There are oceans and oceans have creatures within them. These creatures swallow things in their transit from place to place and civilizations are things. Therefore, as things get swallowed in the ocean so do creatures in the ocean swallow civilizations. 
I trust that was not too painful.
Now, the only beast large enough to accomplish such a feat was the legendary Kraken. Only its impossible interior could have contained such a place as I encountered. And the only civilization I thought could have fallen victim to its appetites was, of course, Atlantis. It had simply disappeared one day, had it not? And did one not disappear after being swallowed? Therefore, the civilization I came across in that monster’s belly was indeed Atlantis. It certainly looked the part, very grand, with a great deal of architecture in the ancient style, full of plazas and pillars and temples of all stripe.
The people were what truly caught my attention, however. They were fish, certainly, but with the limbs of men and small fins on their arms and legs. Obviously Atlanteans, if one considers that long confinement beneath the waves would elicit biological changes allowing them to adapt to their new circumstances.
(In case you are wondering, yes, it was I who conceived of evolutionary theory. It is not something I boast about, as I find it falls well down on my list of accomplishments, quite below the gin fizz, yet considerably above bank lines, for which I do apologise.)
The Atlanteans now puffed their cheeks below big, black eyes and prodded my back with their tridents. I was marched up the steps of the royal palace while crowds jeered and threw seashells. It was obvious none of them had heard of me, so I took no offence. (Even the ladies present seemed rather immune to my charms, despite how many nostril flares and raised eyebrows I threw their way.)
Thus, there came no hope of engendering sympathy from any quarter, least of all from the Emperor himself. He sneered at me from on high as I was forced to kneel before his throne. 
‘Intruder!’ he roared. ‘The punishment is slavery! Take him to the mines!’
Attempting to explain my situation only confused matters. The Kraken was unknown to them, as was the act of anything being swallowed by same. Obviously, generations upon generations had passed since Atlantis had suffered its fate, so neither this man nor his court nor anyone else knew there was anything beyond that monster’s belly. I was in the sum total of what they saw as the entire universe! (Intriguing, but unfortunate.)
How they imagined I arrived there went unsaid. Perhaps divine intervention, perhaps they thought other nations existed up toward the mouth. Certainly others had been swallowed before me? It was a common occurrence, after all. Though, having been swallowed eight times in my life (and now nine) I was hardly a standard case upon which to judge the odds of such a thing.
Thus was I trundled off, thrust rudely through a back door of the palace and toward the rear gate. The city beyond shouted and cursed as I went, the guards scowling and shoving until I stood at the edge of a long, undulating throat, choked in darkness. Throat? Why, this was a throat! The ‘mines’ were the actual stomach of that horrible Kraken!
Before I could speak a word upon it, I was pitched into the abyss, down and down and I saw it below, a puckered clench like a starfish! The epiglottis of this demon monster! I landed within the folds and felt it tremble, then open beneath me. I was consumed and a sickening moment later spilled out onto a pile of wreckage. I looked about me at shoes and horsewhips, mustard jars and monocles, and all other manner of detritus this abominable fiend had devoured over the years. Fish and urchins and sharks and squid. Rocks and gems and pieces of eight! 
Men sorted all of these in a circle around the base of this heap, tossing them into bins stacked high against the pink, rubbery walls. By metal, colour, species, what have you. I recognised the workers immediately as I crawled from the mess – my shipmates, taken from me by the Kaksivarvas!
I was embraced as a brother and no less than Captain Umläüt shoved through the crowd to greet me. He was with Hadleypran and Shelby and several others from the Rey, all wearing feverish expressions and ostrich headdresses that spoke of a madness unable to be contained, not even by the flightless fiendery of those feathered fascists. They were delighted I was alive, of course, but most excited that I was now a baron. 
‘Finally!’ Umläüt cried. ‘We can get something done!’ 
(Such is the glorious intrigue of a proper title.) 
‘Quick, Baron!’ said he. ‘Open diplomatic channels with the king and pursue a meaningful dialogue toward our immediate release!’ 
I told him that was why I was there, of course, and now was the time for action, yes sir! He giggled and danced in a circle, very excited by the prospect.
The first order of business was constructing a frenkus, as I could think of no other means to provide our salvation. (If you’ve not heard of this thing, do not despair. It is a family secret passed down upon the seafaring side of the Münchhhhausen line. Rest assured however, there is no finer way of leaving a Kraken’s belly, and I’ll lay to that.)
We had sturgeon, we had doorknobs and plenty of figs. With my comrades to help, the hardest part, the fischtierfluchter flange, was done within a month. Made of dog collars and salad forks, true, but it would hold – it had to! As we worked, more sailors were disgorged from the Kraken’s throat and one of them clapped me on the back when he heard my name. 
‘Münchausen?! Why, I’ve heard your stories, lad!’ 
And he told me of myself in Riga, delighting all in the clubs and taverns with marvelous tales. I’d ridden a pair of cannonballs, he said, and grew a cherry tree from a stag’s own head! 
Who was this devil using my name?! With two ‘h’s you say?! Well, I couldn’t let it distract me, there was too much to do. The frenkus was only half done. We still needed the hoysengraff, the bonkshutters and the mangulette. (That was especially difficult given the lack of cobalt, but we had plenty of pigeon cages and wine corks to make do.) 
Once done, I activated the putfeiffer and took a step back to marvel at our work. One at a time through the frenkus and no, I could not say where we would end up. It would be different every time. The important thing was escape. And perhaps too, we would meet again.
So we shook hands as each man stepped inside and vanished. Umläüt and Shelby insisted they go last, as laid out in the Lisbon Accords on Ichthyogastric Imprisonment, until I told them they had been abolished last year by the Hapax Legomenon of Perpilocutionary Friculation.
‘I had no idea!’ said Umläüt as he and Shelby held hands and departed. 
Then I threw the phygostatic tremulates to full power and, just as the frenkus began to dephranzify, I leapt through to meet my fate!
Chapter Ten

I exited my marvelous device upon a mountain peak no larger than a breakfast table. It rose several metres above the clouds, a sunlit sea of golden tufts and bundles. There were ships upon this, plying cottony waves and bells rang from their crow’s nests. I had heard tell of such a place and had always dreamed to visit it. Spirits and phantoms haunted its heights, aside winged monsters and terrible gods. The Hoon also lived there, as did the Oonzibazj. I had read of them all, but to see it! I was enthralled.
I would flag down a ship! I would call hallo! and declare myself a deft hand at the tiller. 
Bah! But the world called me back. A man in Riga, telling lies about me! An intrigue for certain, orchestrated either by the impostor himself, or more likely, his master. That spoke to Empress Elizabeth, why not? I had been in her army, this pretender remained so. He’d been made a lieutenant! 
By all accounts the Tsarina was a tightly wound but calculating woman, who obviously had some scheme in mind if she was sending messages to me through chance and fate by way of the sailor’s grapevine. Oh, I might ignore it, but that would only remind me it was there. (And nothing quite reminds one of something than that very thing itself.) 
Her actions did not speak of haste, or she would have ships in search of me. Instead, she wished an audience, to take place when the time was right and the forces required were in alignment to allow it. Now, they had conspired to place me atop this peak, that I might leap off and arrive in St. Petersburg. Oh, make no mistake, that is what would happen. While I tend to bounce a bit from place to place, it is the journey that matters. Sometimes though, it is the destination. This was one of those times.
Someday I would have it out with those forces and speak my mind. A man goes where he will! Who were they to make my choices for me? Why, I might just stay up here for the rest of my life, how would they like that? Ha! Then we would see –
Ah, but I was already falling. Had I slipped? Perhaps. Perhaps not. Down I went in any event, through the clouds and out the bottom, watching several countries spin wildly below. It would be a rather interesting entrance, all told. 
So, I gave myself over to a quickly approaching scene of bustling villages and wide, open fields. Carriages throwing dust down long, rutted roads. Ships lolling at sea and men charging on the battlefield. Then St. Petersburg itself, that Palmyra of the North! Bulging with onion domes and minarets. The roof of the Winter Palace beckoned at its center with the shimmering rectangle of a stained-glass skylight.
I crashed through this in a burst of rainbow fragments and dropped with a whump! upon the settee in a lavish drawing room. Courtiers and attendants turned with a gasp as the Empress herself looked up from a desk. Why, Baron! She plunked her quill back in the inkpot and stood in a flustling frushery of brustling brocade. I brushed myself off and doffed my hat for a bow. 
‘Baron Münchausen, at –’ 
‘Yes, yes, I know who you are,’ said she. 
‘We all do!’ cried one of her attendants and stormed out in tears. 
Ah, Fevrona. We’d had such a time! (I did not enjoy refusing her proposal of marriage, but being my first day in the Duke’s court, I had felt I should find somewhere for my luggage, first.)
The Empress ignored all this and snapped her fingers. Come! And took my elbow down the corridor beyond as the rest of her entourage tittered and tsked and tried desperately to keep up. At the far end, she hauled open a pair of imposing gold doors and turned with a scowl. Enough! and boomed them shut on all those pleading faces. 
We were in a small library, shelves at every side around a blazing fireplace flanked by plush leather chairs. Sit, Baron, sit, said she and we faced each other as the logs crackled and a bit of snow began to patter the windows.
‘Are you for the Empire, Baron?’ she asked and I replied I was certainly not against it, if that was her impression. Had she not received my resignation? She had, but it was unclear as to my willingness toward future tasks in the cause of Empire. If it involved another coup, said I, then I was afraid I must demur.
‘Not at all!’ said she. It would in fact avoid same. While the world raged on in war and chaos, did another world beneath it not suffer? 
I had to agree this was so. The world was becoming more reasonable by the day and a man was hard-pressed to keep it in a state of vigorous improbability. Should the day ever come where the world made sense, all was indeed lost.
‘Ah!’ said she. ‘Then we are in agreement, You see, my ushanka feels the same way. You know its story?’ 
I did and knew too, it was believed more as a myth these days than actual truth. 
The tale told that in 1703, during the Northern War, Mad Peter had captured Nyenskans Fortress on the Neva River. While standing in its ruins, he was visited by the Great Bear, who presented him with a vision of the Empire with its heart in a fortress of the Tsar’s own making. The Bear then became an ushanka, granting Peter the power to create St. Petersburg itself and thus establish the Russian Empire. It was the soul of the Empire itself, that hat, passed from Tsar to Tsar to ameliorate the strife around them that they would always put country first. 
But that has not been the case of late, said the Empress and she herself shared some fault. Madness reigned in the form of the War of Succession and certainly, more wars to come. Europe and her Empire were in constant struggle and destined to be torn apart. 
‘One night,’ said she, ‘the ushanka had burst from its gilded box in the secret vault!’ 
The Bear then took its true form and trampled down the doors. The palace shook as it roared and leapt through the windows of the throne room, out to who knew where! 
‘I thought I could persevere,’ said the Empress. ‘I love my country and needed no Old Magic to save it. But things grew worse and worse still! It is out there now, Baron, while my Empire trembles! Only you know those places behind places, the secret shadows and unseen corners where it could hide! Please find it! Find it and convince it to return before it is too late!’
I agreed for my own reasons but kept these to myself. Instead, I stood with another bow and a promise to help any way I could. 
‘Excellent,’ said she. ‘I have carriages waiting with our fastest Arabians. Dog sleds through the mountains, our ships at port are yours. If you require –’
‘Your Majesty,’ said I, ‘that is most unnecessary.’ 
‘I’m sorry Baron, but you must make all speed to wherever this creature is hidden. Unless you know him to be close?’ 
I had to confess, I had no idea where the Great Bear was, but neither horses, nor ships, nor sleds could take me there. Could she compose a small note for me? And a carriage would do, yes, but only so far as the city wall. And tell your watch commander I will need their best gunner...
Chapter Eleven

As she wrote, I asked the Empress who was this ‘Münchhausen’ of Riga and she cocked an imperious eyebrow. 
‘I do not know,’ said she. ‘When you submitted your papers – arrogant as it was, infuriated as I was – I thought that would be the last of it. I had heard of you, of your family and knew it would be futile to chase you down. And the stories that came forth! Riding cannonballs and going to the Moon. If this was so, then I was well rid of you.
‘Then you arrived one day with fresh orders, acting for all the world as if you never left. How could this be you? Oh, strange and powerful forces were afoot, to be sure. The Great Bear knew it too, you were his friend at the Duke’s court, no? I was told you stole down to the vault on many occasions.’
‘So you placed this pretender with my regiment in Riga?’ said I. ‘He’s even been married!’
‘Watch your tone! I do not know from whence he came or why. He simply threw open the throne room doors and presented himself to me. He said his recent absence – that is, yours – was best explained as doing work for the Empire. Special work, taking him far away. But now he was home and would garrison at Riga. His orders...his orders were waxed with a seal I have seen only once in my life. Only once, but I shall never forget. It boded ill for the Empire then and does so now. That is what I know.’ 
She flung a hand. 
‘Here is your note. Now, do as I bid!’
So I bowed once more and took my leave, out to a carriage and on to the city wall. Once there, the watch commander read the Empress’ directive with no little concern, then led me up to the battlements and their row of cannons pointed out to the fields beyond.
The other guards looked askance but took their cue from the commander as I crawled inside the barrel. Then, boots squishing against the sack of powder inside, I called for a light. A moment later, (with a few mutters of disbelief from those assembled) I was blasted out across the countryside.
Hands behind my head, ankles crossed, I watched the clouds drift above. Poor Mischa (for that is the Great Bear’s name) what a pity when the world moves on without you! Was his distress any wonder? 
His own Empress failed to believe in him! Bah! History is no better. Why, look in any book you like, you will not even find him as a symbol of Russia. Not at all! I do not know why, as he is a perfect representation of that country. Fierce, brutal, conditioned to survive. 
I saw to my descent then as I entered a dense forest. Hand to my hat, branches thrashing against my shoulders. Then a tumble to the ground, end over end and up against a tree, ow! and facing the Great Bear at his own tree across from me. 
‘Harry!’ said he, calling me by my young name. ‘How long has it been?’ 
‘Some time, indeed,’ said I. 
The Bear put his book down to give me an embrace. 
‘It’s good to see you.’
‘And you, Old Man.’
‘I cannot go back,’ said he. ‘The Empress does not seek my counsel. The map changes every day!’ 
‘That is the way of things. It is our duty to uphold the faith! To maintain the world beneath the world. Or war will take it all.’
‘War has taken it! All they want is war! One after the other, like clockwork. It worries me. I do not think the Empress is quite herself, as a result.’ 
‘War does things to a person.’ 
‘To a person, perhaps. What if she is not a person? What if none of them are? What if they are merely there to light the match?’
‘Perhaps they are. Why take the throne if only to sit there?’
‘That is not what I mean.’
‘Then tell me.’
‘Who am I serving, Harry? They all want Russia and Europe. The world, if they can! I am but one bear!’
‘Mischa! You have stopped having fun!’ 
‘I have. The Empire wages war for the sake of itself. Mad Peter was mad indeed, but he wanted to better his people. Lead them to a brighter future! I saw that in him as I did in Oleg and Vseslav and many others. I do not see this in Elizabeth. I did not see it in Anna, either, but she had hope. The Empire is young, I know, but it is crazed for power now, not strength!’
‘This is why they need you.’ 
‘The Empress does not wear me! She does not believe.’
‘So we will show her. My friend, I do not think the problem lies with Elizabeth. She does not consult you because you have lost faith.’
‘Oh, I have missed this. When you would come down to the vault with your coffee and sit with me! Handsome Harry. Or is it ‘Baron’ now. You have taken on airs, I think.’ 
‘Ha! I have taken airs to breathe some life, Mischa. If the world struggles, it is all the more reason to struggle back. To call upon the gods and songs and magic words that makes us necessary!’ 
‘Man does not wonder, anymore. He wonders why not.’
‘So let him! If you are there, he will at least know what is out of his reach. The stars and clouds and lost lands can only remain so if we keep them hidden. War is a trifle by comparison!’
‘War destroys men, Harry, which destroys the soul. And history records only the righteous. History won’t have us. It will refuse.’ 
Ah, he had me. The Old Man usually did, in the end. But I told him what I always did and he agreed, as he always did. 
‘I refuse to believe that, Mischa.’ 
‘As do I, Harry.’
So, we found a war and fought it. Thighs clamped around the Great Bear’s ribs, we charged forth. The country did not matter, nor the cause, nor the result. I do not know who was who or why they fought. If you read of a battle in that year, that did not go as it should (or perhaps went exactly as it might have) then that is the one we found. 
Flags flapped, I know that much. Muskets fired. The ground burst as cannons blasted bodies into the air. Horses reared and swords swung and men became kings. I was reminded of Khotyn and Villmanstrand and how a battle weakens the world. Softens the air itself and invites the world beyond.
It is called the Fog of War, made of black powder and the breath of dead men. This is a veil to the hidden places, allowing things to make themselves known. And when Mars stands on a hill, corpses skewered on his spear like flopping fish, men fight harder. Or perhaps they never fight again. Anton and Maurice thrashing bodies in their jaws makes them frightened or inspired. Ghosts walk and demons on sleds made of bones carved with terrible spells throw fire from their hands. 
We were among the gods, but that was only right. Mischa’s name means ‘Who is like God’ which is why the Empire’s motto is ‘God is with us.’ Mischa is not with them, being only like God, but he inspires the god already within a Russian. Faith is all that matters.
So, I sought my own and slipped from the Bear’s back as he raged into a line of cannons. Then I held my hands up and waited, a ball slapping home a moment later. And for old time’s sake I rode it out, hauling myself on board, out of the fog and back into the world once more.
Chapter Twelve

I rode my cannonball over rivers and lakes and zoomed down country lanes. I kept pace with a carriage for a time, peeking in the windows and reading a bit of Herrick over someone’s shoulder.

The glorious lamp of heaven, the Sun,
the higher he’s a-getting.
The sooner will his race be run
and nearer he’s to setting.

‘Who the devil are you!’ cried the man and I tipped my hat and soared off, ha ha! over hill and glen and through a mountain pass. On and on I went, to a desert beyond. I saw the puff of muskets as horses charged each other across the dunes. Cannons boomed from a shattered casbah, torn pennants flapping. Balls blasted the ground, throwing riders from their mounts. One hit my own and ricocheted me straight into the air! I clung with my legs, arcing into the clouds and scattered a flock of birds. 
When I came back down, I was over a walled city on the coast, stacked with sandstone houses, robed figures bustling through the narrow streets. I espied a princely palace at its center, a crystal blue pool shimmering in the courtyard. 
Hum!
I unhooked my legs and tumbled away, holding my hat with a hand. I hit the water with a glorious splash and broke the surface, smiling bright. Brighter still, for the many beautiful women, very nude, with sponges and soaps who stripped my sopping clothes and gave me a thorough bath. I was called by such honorifics that I could only deduce they thought me some kind of diplomat. I did nothing to dissuade them and allowed myself to be led topside. Rich robes and sandals awaited with handfuls of rings and a great, bejeweled turban for my head, very fine.
After seating me at a table, the ladies withdrew. Eunuchs stood at attention along the walls, huge, Negro men with fat cheeks and barrel chests. Princes and dignitaries walked with tiny glasses of rich cordials and spoke in low tones. The air was filled with the lilt of moist, fragrant flowers. Arched windows of ornate arabesques looked out upon the city, masts bobbing at harbor in the distance. All was peacock feathers and plump, cold grapes and I indeed felt at home.
A man bent near me with a bottle then and as I turned to thank him, was shocked to find my old friend Baptiste. The noble Spaniard! 
‘I thought you had been captured!’ I exclaimed, referencing an engagement long past when we both had fought like lions. 
‘So I had,’ said he and gestured around. He was now an attendant to the court and found no complaint. The food was good, the women friendly and there was always the lingering threat of death should he try and escape. 
Then he bowed low as a retinue of more pajama-clad men led a prodigious figure from a doorway. Glittering with gold and jewels, he padded toward my table on curled slippers with a great sash about his bulging middle. His twinkling eyes and forked beard arrested my attention further to the fact that this could be no one else but the Sultan himself. 
I stood and greeted him with a bow. We exchanged pleasantries as he poured the wine and indeed, he thought I was there on official business. For which side (or even whose) I could not say, but I had bluffed my way through more trying circumstances. (With a smirk, I recalled the time when no less than the Prince of Persia had embraced me as his long lost brother.) So, I called myself Ambassador Chilgun and, with an expectant look, imposed upon such considerations as my demeanor implied.
‘Ah, yes!’ cried the Sultan, after a moment. ‘Chilgun! How long has it been?’
‘How long does it feel?’
‘Too long!’
‘So it shall be!’
‘Ha ha!’
‘Ha ha ha ha!’
And so we reminisced. Did he remember the time when I did such and so? Or this and that? How about the other thing? No? 
‘Oh, you crafty fool! You do, too!’ said I.
And he laughed and laughed. 
‘Of course I do, my friend! Of course!’ 
Then all was well and he clapped his soft, fat hands for platters of food. Then we ate and drank and lit fine cigars. I called for a Piquet pack and we played Brisque. I bet my turban and two rings upon a marriage, then doubled it with a sequence. 
‘Damn!’ cried the Sultan and banged the table with a fist. ‘Lost again!’ 
I laughed and assured him it was hardly his fault. I simply knew of such things! As an ambassador, I travelled the world and so became accustomed to the finer points of culture and civilization. Cards were certainly among them. And clothing, literature…
‘...and oh, wines and cordials?’ said I. ‘Take this for instance,’ and I looked at my glass. ‘Subtle, but earnest, with a hint of cherry flower. A most passable vintage.’
‘What?!’ roared the Sultan and for an instant, I thought I’d overstepped. ‘Passable?!’ But he inspected the label and dashed it aside with a crash. ‘Oh, you’re right! It’s sewage!’ 
He claimed finer vintages, much, much finer, and called one up. A nearby eunuch said he would fetch, and so withdrew.
(Mr. Raspe’s interpretation of the following is irresponsible at best and indicative of a severe mental illness at worst. I truly fear he is possessed by spirits which control his higher functions.) 
When the bottle was brought, I swirled a fresh glass and sipped a bit. 
‘Better,’ said I, ‘but I know of one still finer.’
‘No!’
‘Indeed. Would His Majesty care to partake of same in, oh, say, an hour?’ 
‘Ha ha!’ said the Sultan and pushed his coins and rings to the center of the table, atop my own pile of winnings. ‘A wager then!’ he declared. ‘Your life, dear sir! Against this treasure and all the treasure of every man in attendance!’ 
And with that, all the princes and heads of state came forth, plucking off their rings and bracelets and pouring out soft, leather pouches of coin. 
‘This against your head,’ said the Sultan. ‘If you can produce the bottle of which you speak in the time allotted.’
I snapped my fingers and called for Baptiste who scurried up, wiping grease off his chin from a still-steaming goat kebab.
‘You rang?’ said he. ‘Do tell how I might forestall my own meager pleasure to assist what I am sure is only a momentary distraction from the emptiness of your vastly rewarding but ultimately unfulfilling life.’
(In our time, Baptiste was the fleetest of foot our regiment had ever seen. Faster than Mercury himself, blessed as he was [the story went] by a lightning bolt that had skewered his poor mother in her birthing bed and sent him flying from the womb. However, the trip had apparently resulted in a head injury that required pithy and often caustic commentary on all he surveyed.) 
I related the wager and he rolled his eyes. 
‘A bottle of wine?’ said he. ‘Is my master sure he doesn’t want a treaty or perhaps a cease fire? No? Just the wine? Well! Why not be drunk! While you’re toying with the fate of nations?!’
I patted him on the head. 
‘Good lad,’ said I. ‘Hurry, now. To the estate specified, with my letter, to the woman named therein.’ And Baptiste flared his nostrils – I like to think in proud anticipation of exerting my will, but let’s not kid ourselves – then dashed off.
And the Sultan thumped down a great hourglass that began the count while a looming bodyguard sharpened a tall, gleaming axe. I simply gave a smile and caught up the cards for a few more hands. Or would have, if Baptiste’s return hadn’t blown them clear off the table as he stood there heaving and sweating and holding that excellent vintage in his fist. 
Oh, I agree, it is rather anticlimactic. But that is what happened.
Chapter Thirteen

In time the Sultan and I grew more friendly and his palace was a trove of tantalizing temptations. I spent hours celebrating for years in his company, I don’t mind telling you. In the end, however, I craved the enticement of sights unseen and felt it best to make my departure. I thought in fact, of Riga, and the man there who had taken my name.
My farewell had been easy to arrange, as His Majesty was convinced of my residence in whatever country he imagined I was from, and that my intentions, whatever they were, could be no less than absolutely friendly. I was leaving? Excellent! And he gave me a list of things to bring back. Baptiste resisted the idea of stepping from his golden cage but became more accustomed to it the longer I threatened to leave him behind.
It was a simple enough plan. I was hardly of a mind to brave the desert on horse or foot with battles raging all about. The same held for ships, what with the Sultan’s enemies cresting every wave and blasting the devil out of this or that fleet. Therefore! I would take to the air and this, by the grace of silk and wishes.
I had heard of men sending balloons aloft and while these had been unmanned as yet, the principle was sound. Even if it was not, I’d had my glimpse of that vast and volient empire high above and would make my mark. At the first opportunity, I would rise above the clouds and plant a flag or two. Bodenwerder didn’t have much of one and our family coat of arms was a man with a lady over his shoulder swordfighting a lion, but I would manage something. Besides, by the soothsayer’s tail! If a man cannot stroll the clouds at his leisure declaring himself king of all he surveys, then why leave his bed of a morning?
But could those heights be scaled in such a fashion as I proposed? I was sure they could. With enough silk and a little lace and women encouraged enough to participate in donating the required items, certainly a balloonic sphere of sufficient size could be stitched and filled with fire as I had read of and heard tell. 
So the envelope in question was created and a basket woven by many eunuchs with nothing but time and a love for me, who brought them fruits to eat and wine to drink and called them by their first names.
When the day arrived, I had the basket filled with supplies, the Sultan even adding several bodies of his inferior wine. A gift, he said, for the king of whatever country I was from. He then looked on with a smile, sad for the loss of a great and noble friend. This, while a clavery of his own concubines batted their eyes and looked woeful at bidding me adieu. I kissed their hands each and raised my scimitar in a final salute: ‘I do hope I have touched each and every one of you in some way!’ 
And off we went.
Higher and higher we rose, Baptiste feeding the furnace with sandalwood and mahogany, which smelled delightful and assured a rapid ascent. Then came a glorious wind and we sailed out into the crisp, blue sky. My stalwart then opened a bottle of wine and passed me a cigar. We are gods among men, I declared and clinked my glass to his. 
Over the blowing desert we flew, watching horsemen gallop and warriors whoop. Higher still, we espied markets and casbahs and farther yet, the pyramids of Egypt. Ah, Egypt. One day I would wander its shadowy tombs and stand before the Sphinx that it might roar forth its ancient riddle. But that is not yet.
‘Have we a destination in mind?’ asked Baptiste. ‘Or do we leave it to fate and the furies to wreck us where they will?’ 
‘Latvia, good sir, if the fates will have it.’
‘And if they do not?’
‘Then I daresay we fly forever!’ said I and poured more wine. ‘So long as we never land among the Kaksivarvas, we will be in good stead.’
‘What manner of creature are they?’ asked Baptiste and I explained their terrible egg mines and the glimmer in their soulless eyes that spoke to the doom of all mankind. He stared at me for several moments, then raised a skeptical eyebrow and sniffed the cork.
‘I speak the truth!’ said I. 
‘Of course you do,’ said he and settled back for a nap. 
Night and day we went, sleeping in shifts and fighting the wind. North was our course, but to Latvia we did not drift. West instead, then north, then west again! I planted a few flags where I could and once, upon a particular cumulonimbus, found one already in place, flapping in the name of the Dutch. 
Bah! Damned Dutch. I tore it down. I saw many ships upon those clouds, but too far away to hail. 
Soon, a storm erupted and snow began to cut across our cheeks. I dampened the fires to come down, but the Earth would not have us and we continued on, our basket swaying in the gale. We espied the raging northern seas as we headed across the gulf of this and bay of that. 
I shouted to Baptiste that we would have to jump if worse came to worse, when suddenly, we were thrown violently down on a gust of air! Straight toward the unforgiving coast! All was white and harsh below, a scraped and brutal tundra for miles inland. A truly forsaken spot at the top of the world. 
‘Hold on!’ I cried and we chuffed into the crusty snow. The basket tipped and the coals of our fire spilled with a hiss. The balloon was torn loose and sent flapping away. 
Placing several coals in the pockets of my robe for warmth and one under my turban, I encouraged my stalwart do the same, lest he freeze. So accomplished, I bade him gather what provisions we would need for a march to civilization. 
‘Of course, dear Baron,’ said he. ‘I live to serve.’ 
Toting it up, I saw that aside from a few figs, a shank of roast pork, three bottles of wine, some baklava, and a large pot of baba ganoush, we had little to see us through.
Pouring a glass of rich, black coffee – I wept with joy at the sight of the samovar and a small tray of zainabs in the wreckage – I patted myself for tinder to light a cigar. Lost as well! So I punched myself in the head to make my eyes shoot flames. (A talent passed down from my astronomer ancestor Münchileo, who had been hit in the nose by a shooting star.)
Then I smoked and checked my pocketwatch and waited for Baptiste to finish stacking everything in his arms. I suggested the coffee tray would go nicely upon his head. 
‘Why of course,’ said he. ‘The value of the spine is grossly overrated!’ 
Then I led us forth, into untold terrors!
Chapter Fourteen

So upon a howling snowscape, myself and loyal Baptiste trudged manfully on in search of adventure and respite. (Though preferably the latter.) I missed my faithful Frobisher, he’d have cut this storm in two! But the snow slashed and the wind bit deep. I might have sent Baptiste at speed to Hanover or St. Petersburg, but if we didn’t know where we were, how would he find his way there? Or back? And to what end, besides? Even with the proper directions, it could take weeks or even months for anyone to reach us. 
That the day happened to be March 3rd – the birthday of none other than brave Sir Hugh Willoughby (the Arctic explorer) was indeed propitious. He too, had swaggered into icy horror on the laurels of bold military service, only to be left frozen in a claw-fingered rictus of pitiful regret. 
(Now, you will of course meet those ‘historians’ who say they do not know the day when Sir Hugh was born, as it was not recorded. To this I can only reply: Well, you should’ve asked me. Raspe of course, would surely never ask, but simply pull some number out of the air, like a magician.) 
Now, where was I? Ah!
There were the coals in our pockets, but they were dying fast, alongside our supplies. We had only four pieces of baklava and some pork and two bottles of wine and a dozen cigars and who could say how many plump, sticky zainabs to dunk in our dwindling pot of delicious coffee? I dared not think on it. Instead, I let the spectre of looming defeat propel me onward. I challenged it to take my coffee and pork and last cigar, try me if it would and see if I was a man to bow down! I was not!
I had marched with a proud army through flames and fury, yea, I knew from suffering. Once, we subsisted for two weeks on nothing more than chicken raboso, some potted asparagus, and a simple chocolate parfait! Such hardship brings only courage or death. As I drank my fifth cup of coffee and tossed another half-smoked cigar in the snow behind us, I felt my will turn to iron. 
‘Come at us damn you!’
I immediately regretted crying this aloud, now staring wide-eyed at an enormous polar bear who had risen up from the snow to answer the call! Baptiste nearly dropped his many pots and platters, so stricken with astonishment was he at this thing. 
‘Let us hope it kills us quickly!’ he wailed.
Thankfully, it did not, which allowed me to reach for a zainab as I thought over what to do next. As if to answer myself, I tossed the last bite of it behind the bear, who grunted and turned to follow. The moment it did so, I sprang forward and grasped its tail. 
(The following occurred just as I write it and indeed with a bear. Not a wolf, as Raspe has said, nor did the bear swallow my arm. I have indeed had my arms in the gullet of many creatures – as you know – and will do so again, perhaps even Raspe himself, that I might throttle the demon that lives in his belly.)
With a mighty yank, I tore the fur off those pink hams and sent the fellow at a steaming run through the snow. In fact, my manoeuvre was such that I had left the grease and fat still on the creature, so the fur was as good as tanned! It but required some deft stitchery, which I delegated to Baptiste with a sewing kit I keep on my person, then helped myself to another zainab. He thanked me prodigiously, with only a single, hateful glance in my general direction.
When he was done, we both had warm polar bear coats and felt much better about our situation. Mine retained the head, that I might pull it over me like a hood, which I thought would create a most realistic aspect. I doffed my turban and gave this try but Baptiste was unimpressed. I even growled and swiped my terrible clawed mittens, ha ha! but to no avail. He sighed and continued on. 
I flung my arms up.
‘Come now! That was quite ferocious!’
‘Oh, indeed, sir. I was terrified.’
Soon, we found ourselves entering a foreboding valley of tall, jagged glaciers, their tops swirling with eddies of blowing snow. Not a soul attended us, nor did we denote a single sound save the howl of the wind or sizzle of our cigars or slurp of one or the other of us at coffee.
And like that! another bear rounded a glacier, sniffing the air! If it were revenging its fellow for my partidious peelery, I did not know. It didn’t matter, for the brute saw us and scampered away, back around his corner. Was this good fortune or the harbinger of some sudden appearance of reinforcements? We didn’t wait to find out and redoubled our efforts to push against the shrieking winds and quit that place.
But I could not shake the feeling of eyes upon me. Baptiste felt it too and commented he could not discern the direction. It was behind us, before us, to the left and right. I clutched my scimitar, wondering from whence the attack would come.
As another bear appeared – or the same one, we did not know – we stiffened in place and wondered if this was the source of our consternation. But when he departed into the swirling snow once more, we yet felt those eyes boring in! We backed toward one of the glaciers and I batted my hood off to glance about. Damn them! 
When Baptiste whispered that with our backs firm to the icy rocks, he felt the gaze more than ever, I was forced to agree. I turned with him to look over our shoulders. Did we see a snarling, clawed beast perched on a ledge, jaws slavering? No! As we stared, the rocks themselves stared back!
Hundreds of eyes, bloodshot and glaring! Then jaws parted and claws poked from the icy face of that massive glacier. Suddenly, I saw it for what it was. The glacier was made of bears! Huddled for warmth or to lure in the unwary for attack I did not know but whirling about, I saw another great mound of beasts leaping apart! Up and down the valley the glaciers all gave a roar and mightily muscled monsters crashed down on their paws all around us!
Instantly, I pulled my head-hood back over my face and crouched low. Shoving Baptiste to the ground in his own coat, ‘Oh, thank you, sir! It has been several moments since I have been freezing!’ I made him my cub. I bade him growl – 
‘I am growling!’
‘Ferociously!’
‘This is ferocious!’
– and while the effect was dimmed by the coffee tray on his head and cigar in his teeth, the beasts paid it no mind. It was as though we disappeared from sight and thuswise, we snarled and stomped and snuffled our way from that terrible place.
Chapter Fifteen

I hacked my scimitar into the shore of a choppy grey lake amid icy whirls of sticky snow. Baptiste appeared beside me, having ventured at great speed for miles farther on, following an inlet to yet more water.
‘An ocean!’ he said. 
‘Which one?’
‘You suppose they had a sign up?!’
A hopeless prospect to continue perhaps, but we’d yet to have our pick of circumstance in that unforgiving wasteland. The wind ruffled the fur of our polar coats and I stared through the poked-out eyes of my hood as I worked. 
‘As I understand it, shelter provides no little relief from any given storm!’ Baptiste cried over the wind. He gestured once more to the blown-down shack some distance off, again suggesting our course of action. 
‘Nay!’ said I. ‘We’ll have a piece of this icy shore and when we reach the ocean, loosen a glacier if need be! If it not be made of bears, we are home free!’ 
In less time than you can say ‘Mother may I,’ it was done. Our raft of ice was sturdy and true with room for a fire pit and some other essentials. I had decided to partake of the shack after all, the better to construct us a billiards table. (Though, while the ice balls clacked nicely, it was difficult playing a good spot of carombole as they were all the same colour and we could not keep track of who’s was whose.)
When at last we made the coast, there were indeed great glaciers and none of them comprised of bears. An ocean voyage required a much wider beam of course, so we traded out our modest ice raft for a glorious glacier galleon. 
I chopped one loose easily enough and we set off. Crouched upon its crags, we sought the peak and stood there quite proudly. It brought to mind the top of the world itself, if we sailed far enough. Were we not close, given the terrible cold? And perhaps a view from there would give us a glimpse of those skyships high above! But a glacier had little in the way of that required for such a journey. A man needed a proper vessel! Sails! A galley! A decent card room! Therefore, improvements were sought. 
I left the shape of the hull and decks to Baptiste and his own blade while I set about carving some sails and fashioning a helm. Punching myself in the head did us some good, though it was a painful way to produce fire and the bursts were short-lived. Balancing the Sun off our steel took up the slack, however, and hastened our progress considerably. Before long, we had a handsome topsail schooner, complete with cannons, quarters, and a lovely bowsprit maiden. 
‘Let’s name her Regret Von Sorrow!’ said Baptiste and I clapped him on the back, asking if he knew how to swim. I then bestowed upon myself the rank of Captain and touched my stalwart’s shoulders with my scimitar, one, two, and deemed him first mate. 
‘How arbitrary, sir!’ said he.
And so the ice ship Hübscher Teufel prowled north, whales spouting icy mist off our bow, a glimmer of lights straight ahead showing our course. These were the northern lights of legend, of course, and none could stay our path. Viking pirates and flying sea lions gave it a go, as did the Ice Tyrants of Zeno, but they could not divert us.
And as we pulled our swords from the last of those frosty devils and shoved them into the sea, Baptiste and I strode back across the mercury-splashed deck and took the wheel once more. We were closing in now, the horizon bright and crackling. Slowly, it rose in the middle, the ends dropping off to either side. This was the top of the world curving before us and the boat tilted up to meet it. Icebergs flowed along either side, then old whaling ships, half-sunk. Their ghosts stood at the rails and gave us a salute. Off the bow I could now espy the great thunderbolt of legend, Polasteri, sizzling down from the ether high above and blasting into the planet’s pate. 
We hit the coast then and crunched in place, shoved firmly against the icy slab that marked the North Pole. In its middle was the mighty bolt, crashing into the hole they say leads to the center of the Earth. As we stomped across the ice field, huddled in our polar coats, we watched the brutish men. They guarded the hole, oh, as I knew they would. 
The abominable yeh-teh were neither beast nor man and their white hair hung long about their limbs and covered all but those glowing eyes. Their feet were wide as an elephant’s and stomped in the snow, dancing in a circle around that jagged, sizzling shaft. Hairy arms swung and they raised their faces to the sky and howled. I stared up with them as we approached. Ships plied the heavens indeed, their keels carving the clouds in endless circles.
I leaned in between two of the yeh-teh, but there was only darkness in the great chasm behind them. Even the Polasteri itself was not enough to light its depths. Behind us, I looked down the slope of the world, every house and hovel and church steeple visible upon every continent. All of it moved anti-sunwise and if I stood still, I discerned the very rotation of the Earth beneath my feet. Faintly, I could hear its gears turning. k-chunk! k-chunk! and I marveled at our shadows drifting beside us, as though we were gnomons on a dial.
So I walked against the turn, around the dancing demons and espied England and Europe, then the Colonies and the vast Pacific. Then New Holland, the East Indies, then Russia and Sweden, and if I stood on my toes, India and Africa. Then Finland and Greenland and the stormy Atlantic and back to the Colonies once more. I toed up again to see Mexico and some of Southern America beyond them. 
I couldn’t imagine more explorers never came here. A man could see the world and, the story went, reach out to anything he could see and clench it between finger and thumb. Any lamppost or rain gutter or window sash and once you had hold of it, merely had to take a step and so arrive right beside. But! It was a one-way trip, so I did not venture. Once below the curve of the world again, there was nothing but a straight line.
However, I was not here to go there. I was here to go there. That is, to Polasteri, to the shivering crackle of cosmic energy said to power the world itself. Pulled down from the gods and sent along magnetic lines to keep the Earth in constant rotation. Was it true what they said? That the hairy men ate you up if you ventured too close? I had peeked in, but if I broke their circle would they seize me and rend my flesh? Baptiste insisted no man who enjoyed the use of his vitals should know. I insisted any man who deserved their use should try and find out!
Chapter Sixteen

The yeh-teh made no move as I leapt at the Polasteri. I was unsure of my intention but knew either I would fall into the hole or be launched into the cold darkness above the sky. I had heard tell this was the fate of some who had ventured so far. Were there ships among the stars beyond, as there were in the air? I would know soon enough. There was only whiteness as I passed into the lightning, like a direct look upon the Sun, but without discomfort. 
Then I was in a vast chamber, staring up at a machine quite beyond the realm of earthly comparison. A brass globe of predorious dimensions, at least a mile across. Black glass portholes were fitted across its entire surface with collars of rusty iron. I saw seams and vents and enough rivets for every person upon the Earth. The entire device spun slowly and high above it, over the topmost curve, the Polasteri fired continuously into it. The air around it was full of bubbles, soap bubbles, they seemed like. Some the size of a pfenning, others like wagon wheels. Each held an image, men and women at their lives, laughing, talking, sleeping. Unless I was much mistaken, these scenes were in some way connected to the man in front of this marvelous machine, tending to a station of gears and levers.
‘Thank you for coming,’ said he, and I must confess, there was something strange about him. Whether it was that he appeared to be a squid, or that his many tentacles ended in hooks or that a hundred eyes protruded from his pink fur upon thorny stalks, I cannot say. But as he spoke like a man and wore a top hat, I accorded him gentlemanly respect. 
‘Do you know me?’ I asked and he replied that indeed, I was the Baron and was more than welcome here. It was why the hairy men let me pass, down into the bolt, and thus, to the center of the Earth. For that is where I was! 
He said he was Dghnl, master of the Cosmonetra, the world’s engine. He asked if I might like to try my hand at things and so indicated the levers before him. A forest of them jutted from beneath his console, which itself was festooned with a miraculous bundle of knobs and switches. 
‘To do what?’ I asked and he gestured to the bubbles floating past. 
‘This is humanity,’ said he, ‘and I am their guardian. Their fate rests with me alone, that I might decide for them to do good or evil, to wake or sleep, or, oh, even seek the top of the world.’
I confess I took some offence, as I was my own man and said so. 
‘I’m sorry, dear Baron,’ said he, ‘but all is decided from this place. It has always been so and shall always be. Think of the chaos without direction, the need to decide for oneself! The world would be paralysed. No, no, it’s better I show you the way. But I don’t mind telling you, it grows tiresome.’ 
Indeed, his tentacles never stopped pulling levers, turning knobs, the bubbles never stopped forming. And all the while, the great brass globe continued to turn. Would I care to take his place? and he threw a switch, perhaps compelling me to say yes. 
‘Please, please,’ he said, ‘stand here and place your hand just so. No, no, on this one. Yes, right there. Now, the world is yours. Start a war, flood a city, earthquakes, grocery lists, hairstyles, it’s all yours to command!’
‘And you?’ I asked. 
‘Ha! A holiday, dear Baron! A bit of time to myself, surely you understand.’ 
‘I see,’ said I. ‘And if I fail?’ 
‘Rest assured, you cannot. It is simply not possible. Choose any lever you like, create a bubble of events, burst one, it’s all up to you.’ 
And so he doffed his hat with a bow and departed. I cannot say how, as one moment he was there and the other gone, but it was accomplished just the same. So in that fashion, was I left to rule the world.
I looked in upon Baptiste first, wondering why he had not followed me down. A good stalwart charged into his fellow’s wake, come what may. Likely, he was not welcome as I was, but I couldn’t have the hairy men giving him grief. So I pulled a lever and his bubble appeared, showing him blowing vapor from beneath his hood, his arms crossed tight for the cold, despite his polar coat.
I heard the wind blow, heard the hairy men grunt. The globe made these bubbles like windows then, did it not? Was it thus a simple matter of throwing up the sash? With the turn of a knob, I brought Baptiste’s bubble closer and reached inside. He gasped as I caught his collar and an instant later, he stood beside me.
‘A few more moments and I would have been frozen solid, sir!’ he exclaimed. ‘Ah, well. Better luck next time.’
I then explained our situation, yet he looked at me askance. So to prove my claim, I gestured to a bubble and pulled a lever. As we watched, a war began inside the sphere and raged across the countryside. 
‘Egads!’
‘Not bad, eh?’
I then flipped a switch to end it, the bubble bursting with a wet smack of raindrops upon the floor. Another lever and a fresh soapy sphere appeared in its place. I then made everyone in Zurich waltz on the rooftops and sent a burst of lava from the steeple of the Fraumünster.
‘It’s too horrible!’ said Baptiste. ‘Please change it to a minuet.’ 
So I did and we watched the city burn. I then popped the bubble and brought a new one in its place, Zurich calm and peaceful as though not a moment had passed.
‘Some life!’ cried my companion. ‘War and waltzes and running from lava? Decided by a man with a lever at the bottom of a hole!’ 
‘Hardly seems fair.’
‘Then we must do something. That is to say, you must do something while I stand here and look as though you merely beat me to it.’
‘What say you, then? Shall we free mankind from its spiritual bondage to a paradigm of causality in which every event is entirely determined by prior states?’
‘We shall!’
(Ha! And to think Raspe merely told of my going to the North Pole as some sort of ill-advised vacation. I begin to wonder if the man does not operate with another set of levers entirely.)
‘Unless!’ Baptiste cried, holding up a finger.
‘Unless what.’
‘Unless this is exactly what you are destined to do.’
‘Then we are in good shape, sir! For is it not a noble thing to make man his own creature?’
‘Unless!’
I sighed.
‘Unless what.’
‘Well, nevermind if you’re going to be that way.’
‘Just say it.’
‘Pfft! I refuse.’
So, I threw a lever and there came the shriek of a train spewing sparks as it halted mere feet from an open chasm. The bubbles popped around us, their droplets splashing. The brass globe shivered to a stop. Baptiste and I gripped the console as the world trembled. Ages passed as some great fist gripped a clockhand and tried to haul it back a single second. But it could not. The Polasteri vanished with the whiff of a blown candle.
Then darkness.
Chapter Seventeen

‘That is what I was going to say,’ said Baptiste.
‘Oh, twaffle!’
‘It was! You have stopped the world and now we are doomed.’
There came a clank from the great machine then and a soft light glowed through the many portholes. A sullen light, as though catching its breath for one final reproach before death.
‘HAVE YOU COMPLETELY LOST YOUR MINDS?!’ came the cry and suddenly Dghnl appeared, flailing his tentacles. ‘The Flood, Antioch, the Plague! These things happen, I know this! Every vacation it’s something different! But the world must go on!’
‘I think not!’ I shouted and slapped his hooks away from the levers. ‘As you can see, we are still here! Ha! What do you have to say for that! We are here as man is here! Now he can live life as he should!’ 
‘Fool!’ said Dghnl. 
‘Oh ho?’ said I, shaking a finger. ‘The people have been released from their prison!’ 
‘Indeed!’ cried Baptiste, much engrottled by my proclavity. ‘Exploration! Art! Sitting quietly in drawing rooms listening to clocks tick! All shall be theirs to command now that they are left to their own devices!’ 
‘You’re mad!’ said Dghnl. ‘Utterly mad!’ He pointed to the great machine halted upon its axis. ‘The Cosmonetra is no more! The Polesteri is no more! Time itself no longer passes as it should! Man is now trapped within his last moment for all eternity!’
And he whirled a plusker of tentacles and opened a doorway in the air. A circular portal showing figures on a sunny, crowded street. Hawkers and merchants, vagabonds and righteous men. Some tugged a cigar, others pointed canes at vague things, look here! they seemed to say. Carriages were caught mid-wheel on a bump over a cobble, the horses wide-eyed and snorting. Smoke and flowers, sweat and mud. But all was indeed frozen in place. Caught in an urge of motion that, had the clockhand ticked forth, would see it all somehow more rested, more at ease as it met its next step.
‘Come,’ said Dghnl, and stepped over the threshold. 
Then we stood upon that cobbled street and like that! everyone around us flew into the air! Like sculpted statues, silent and unblinking and tossed toward the Sun. Then wagons and horses and broken cobbles followed, and great crashes sounded from within the houses. A table burst through a roof and spiraled into the sky. Then a plume of papers and clothing and odds and ends! Loose leaves were tugged from trees, rocks and pebbles, dogs and pocket change, too! All of it, up and up, into the air! 
‘There is no gravity!’ cried Dghnl. ‘No time, no gravity, no meaning! All is lost!’ 
And so the strange creature floppered his tentacles once more and we stood upon another vantage entirely. Strange to most men, at any rate. Myself, I knew it as the edge of the Moon, from which we looked down upon the Earth, sprinkled with the floating bodies of all mankind. They hung strangely over the globe, not upon the clouds, but not entirely within the ether. Refuse of all stripe tumbled about them, books and shoes and food enough for every army that has ever waved a flag. And animals! Birds and monkeys and horses and others I know not what. Long necks and short legs and some with or without horns. 
‘As you can see,’ said Dghnl, ‘there is no Polasteri from on high!’ 
Baptiste and I looked up, out among the jeweled expanse of infinity and indeed, nothing shone down. 
‘So now man is dead for all time,’ said Dghnl. ‘Lost in his last moment and without hope of reaching his destiny. Even now, the Sun is upon the other side of the world and will scorch the planet. I cannot repair this, it is impossible. We must beg forgiveness of our Divine Creator and prostrate ourselves in the hope that he does not condemn our souls to torment everlasting!’
‘Hell?’ said Baptiste.
‘Hell! Hell is an afterthought! The Creator needs an equal, does he not? A counterpoint? This pleases Men to think he can be checked. But it is not so. Hell! You should be so lucky to languish in such a civilized fashion!’
‘Then where do the damned reside?’ I asked.
‘Paradise!’ 
‘Heaven?’ asked Baptiste.
‘There is no Heaven, no Hell! There is only the afterlife! One place and you bring your punishment with you. If you are a murderer, you kill for all time. A thief, you steal and steal and never have enough. For the righteous, Heaven does not suit them. It is not the clouds and harps they supposed and so they are miserable. No man is ever given peace. That is words on the wind telling him it must exist!’
‘Then what is the purpose?’ asked Baptiste.
‘Of what?’ asked the creature. ‘Of living? Dying? You have no choice in either! You are who you are and you do as you will. Thus, you understand the need to ameliorate such chaos with the Cosmonetra. You cannot be controlled, but you must be directed. Your foolish fury must be pointed in the proper direction!’ 
‘War!’ said I.
‘Indeed! Rape, murder, vengeance. This is what you are.’
‘Then we are always damned.’
‘From the start. There is no salvation! That is something humans have decided must be so. Now, imagine the fiendish horrors which await those who have kept the world from perpetuating its count of evil men. These souls on Earth now will be the last crop because of you. No more after this! Oh, Baron, you and your little friend will find a torment beyond irony, beyond metaphor!’
‘Then there is no God, no Satan,’ said Baptiste.
‘They are one and the same,’ said Dghnl. ‘And He is neither.’
‘There must be a Hell!’ said Baptiste. ‘A Heaven! I’ve seen pictures!’
‘And poems and sonnets, too!’ said Dghnl. ‘But no. It is not inspiration, it is wishful thinking. The afterlife is a void of nothingness entire. It is your mind, expanded in infinite directions. A trap. A scheme to convince you of existence until you come to realize your life has no purpose. You continue on the same path, making the same mistakes until you kill yourself, only to end up back at the beginning.’
‘Ridiculous!’ I cried. ‘Save suicide, you speak of man upon every moment of his time upon Earth!’
‘I do at that,’ said Dghnl. ‘So wonder how many times you might have been here, Baron. And think if there is not something more terrible in store. If you wish, I can take you there now for your judgment, or you can wait here to be taken once the Earth is no more. The choice is –’
‘What if Baptiste simply runs a sunwise circle, very fast around the hole?’ I asked. 
‘The what?’ asked Dghnl.
‘The hole, down there. I can see it now, at the top of the world. See?’
And we all got on our toes to peek and sure enough, there it was.
‘Do you suppose it’s that easy?’ asked Dghnl.
I didn’t know, but I bade the little squid-elf to visit us back that we might find out. So he did and once upon the crunchy snow, I gave Baptiste the word. Then off he went stomping the world beneath his heels until it was spinning once more. 
Huzzah!
And from above, the hairy men dropped into the snow around us and began to dance. The Polasteri crackled down to continue its work and the ground trembled for the sudden ignition of the great engine below. Mankind itself fell through the sky among a rain of trash and howling animals and resumed its destiny.
Chapter Eighteen

From the North Pole Baptiste and I pinched a few palm trees upon a distant island and stepped onto a beach. Why not Riga, having once been denied? Well, turnabout was fair play. I would now deny it! Ha ha! Besides, a mysterious isle? Where better to rouse the ferrets of chance and coax them up the leg of adventure? 
There were many wrecks there, hulls broken and masts snapped. Many supplies as well, but so long as Baptiste had the coffee tray on his head – ah, perfect! All was well. Two sugars please! Delicious, thank you. Then we doffed our polar coats and I slashed our way into the jungle. 
(And if I may step aside once more to address Mr. Raspe’s spastic thrashing through the China shop of my life, I put to that man – how did you hear the following narrative and consider its major point of interest to be the cucumbers?)
‘Baron,’ said Baptiste as I swung through a thatch of mangrove.
‘Yes?’
‘That creature was insane, was he not?’
‘No Heaven or Hell? Bah! Then what of the soul?’
‘I thought as much. Otherwise –’
‘Best not to linger upon the thought, Baptiste. Ah ha!’
And we stood before some unusual trees, with cucumber fruits hanging plumply down upon their branches. As we looked up, an old man and his wife looked down. From their branch, the man held a bowl and the woman sliced the fruit, and with the leaves of some plant or other pulled from behind her ear, they made a salad. When I produced a pepper grinder from my robe with a questioning look as to its relevance in their culinary intentions, an accord was struck.
Chomping into our salads, Baptiste and I took in the scenery and called questions into the tree as others were dropped down. It seemed the strange couple were the rulers of this place – at least in their minds – and of a further mind that we bend the knee. I felt looking up at them in their branches was deference enough, so finished my salad and thanked them with a bow. Then the man bit the end of a cucumber off and blew it like a trumpet. What noise! I could not imagine his intent until the jungle shivered on all sides and Baptiste and I found ourselves surrounded by terrible apes! In brush helmets and breastplates, with strop skirts and sandals, why, they were dressed like Roman soldiers!
I unleashed my scimitar but they had the advantage. Besides, what else had we come for if not adventure? So our hands were bound behind us and our backs prodded with spears. The beasts snarled in our ears, in Latin, no less! and bade us behave or be killed on the spot. Very well, simian Centurions. For now, at least!
Then we were marched through the jungle and up the slope of an extinct volcano and on to its interior. This was carved in the fashion of a tremendous amphitheatre, the seats filled with monkeys and parrots and cheetahs and other animals as one might find in such a place. 
Our guards led us to its center, then bowed to a box on the far side. There, a gorilla in laurels and toga raised a hand in proclamation and the crowd cheered. Our guards withdrew and there we stood, looking wildly about. 
Suddenly, from beneath that savage Caesar’s audience box, a pair of gates burst open to the snarling of a mighty bull! The crowd roared again as the beast stomped forth and stood blowing smoke from its snout. Baptiste leaned close with an idea he felt was both ludicrous and inspired: Let’s run! but I held him fast. Had he not read his Gilgamesh? The bullfight! 
‘Why, your countrymen have recently taken to fighting them on foot!’ said I. ‘It can be done!’
‘Are you utterly insane?’
Sweeping him behind me, I stuck a formidable pose, heel to ankle, hand on hip, handkerchief pinched out front. The bull rumbled forth, hooves striking flames. I flared my nostrils beneath arched, haughty brows. Suddenly, I stepped aside and flapped my linen with a flourish and he thundered right past. Ta-da!
‘It appears he’s learned his lesson,’ said Baptiste. ‘Shall we depart and so give him the solitude required to repent his sins?’ 
‘Tut, tut, Baptiste,’ said I and made ready our escape. I had plucked a few cucumbers and secreted them for another salad, now removing one as I commenced to digging a small hole with my heel. 
‘Ah, you’re preparing our graves,’ said Baptiste. ‘Well done.’ 
As the bull reached the far side of the arena, I placed the fruit in the hole and packed the excess dirt on top. The beast began to charge anew.
Waving my stalwart back a pace, I stood upon the mound and called out what vociferous and blasphemous curses that came to mind, recollecting the fank and offensive language of my old brothers in arms. If you have ever been to battle, or perhaps at sea with hard men, you are quite familiar with the language to which I refer. 
With a great crackling crash, a thunderbolt lashed down from the heavens to strike me dead. But I was too quick! The bolt hit the mound of dirt and up grew a tremendous tree! Too late for the bull, he saw it but could not divert his path. He slammed headlong into the trunk, his two great horns plunging through the wood with a crunch of splinters, caught fast for all time!
(It was my experience with the cherry tree that inspired me and I must say, it is a trick I have employed a time or two since. I do not know why, but I have a certain knack for reaping what I sow almost immediately.) 
The crowd booed and stood up, shaking their paws. Then I swept the coffee tray from Baptiste’s head and, making a great show of my intention, whapped one horn down, then the other, like thick, yellowed nails. Thus done, I flapped my handkerchief once more and gave them all a grand bow. The Caesar stared grimly upon this and held out a fist, his thumb pointed...up! We were free! 
And our two ape guards led us away, to be bathed and feted and sung to by many lovely ladies. Of the two guards, Caputo was the better acquaintance and the strongest creature I have ever encountered. He spoke of lifting mountains with his own two hands and hurling them at the Moon and I daresay I believed him. I even bade him juggle Baptiste and some attendants, which he did very well. He also played a haunting viola while dancing a jig and performing Hamlet, much to our delight. (Those who say the gorilla is not the equal of any man are indeed correct. They are apparently much smarter.)
He then apologised for any ill-will engendered during our capture. No one had ever survived the arena, said he, so there was little worry about regarding the consequences of bad manners. I dismissed this with a wave, we all have our job to do.
At that point, I decided he should enter my service, rather than while away here, leading shipwrecked men to their inevitable doom. That grobient gorilla agreed at once, and said in fact, not all were wrecked. More than a few had laid anchor and come to explore. Their vessels awaited at harbor if we’d care to take our pick. Lead on! And so we followed him amid a raucous marching band seeing us off. It was led by none other than the Caesar himself, clanging a pair of cymbals. 
I waved to a cheering beach as we sailed away, eager for the next bit of trouble.
Chapter Nineteen

I had picked out a frigate, the Ribelanto, well-stocked with food and wine and plenty of clothes. I fitted myself in a captain’s naval uniform and long coat, very fine. Baptiste found a mate’s ensemble and while we suggested a coat and hat for Caputo, sufficient sizes were an issue and he was quite comfortable in his Roman armor, at any rate. 
Oh, but the Ribelanto was a spanking vessel, I don’t mind telling you. Perfect for striding the decks with my hands behind my back, making decisions. First among them, taking on a crew in Madagascar and battling them up the Ivory Coast. Most exciting. We then fought storms in Peru and pirates in Shanghai. Rescued no less than the fairy princess Ileana from the clutches of Zmeu, (I did not enjoy refusing her proposal of marriage, but the sea beckoned) then recovered Blackbeard’s gold in Greenland and fled George’s navy in Trieste. The gods themselves came upon us at Easter Island, the ponderous statues of that lonely place flinging thunderbolts as they chased us into the sea. Afterward, our cannons boomed against both the Phylox Fleet and the Shakeen’s Armada. We even came upon Jericho Joy the undead pirate, in search of his soul’s treasure and seeking vengeance upon the waves.
This was off the coast of Anahuac beneath a full Moon. Joy’s ship Lucifer Jean harried a smart schooner whose bow was writ Blue Fancy in artful script. As befitting a demon vessel, the Jane was a horrible wreck of tattered sails and rotted hull. As befitting a rig assailed by same, the Fancy appeared in a similar state and was nearly half-sunk. Joy’s crew of skeletal mates clanked in chains and waved their rusty swords, the smell of blood in the air. The corpsey captain himself was a pearl of fire at the wheel, flames burning as legend spoke, from the top of his cankerous head.
The Fancy popped a feeble volley from her deck guns as Joy roared FIRE! and closed in for the kill. Damned devil! So I spun us for a broadside, our own crew sparking fuses and letting our beauties boom. The Jane rocked from the blast and those yellow-boned buccaneers turned as one, rapiers rattling, eye sockets ablaze.
‘FIRE!’ Joy bellowed again but I was thrashing the wheel, weaving us between the balls until our prow scraped along the Jane in a spray of black water. Oh, we slammed in tight, gunwale to gunwale and shoved the old girl against what was left of the Fancy. Huzzah! As we lashed ropes to our quarry and leapt over the port rail, half the demon crew met us while their brothers vaulted starboard to carve up the Fancy.
‘Have at ‘em!’ I cried and led the charge, Baptiste to one side, Caputo on the other. Our crew was a rollicking howl of lustful fury on our heels, from Ralph Rackstraw to Eddie England. Oh, how the steel rang and the bones did clatter! Baptiste dealt vicious blows of his blurring blade, Caputo crushing skulls and cracking limbs. I battered back a few of my own, but made for Jericho Joy, as his boot stomped the gunwale for a leap to his first quarry.
‘Good sir!’ said I, and that fiery freebooter turned with a snarl. He met my blade, clang! clang! truly a horror to behold. Those flames were his hair, crackling like dry brambles. Worms squirmed from the holes in his coat, maggots feasted on his sores. His eyes were milky and bloodshot both and he grinned a pile of rotted tombstones. Clang and clash across the deck and I slashed out his guts, full of curds and whey! 
‘Ha, ha! Ye can’t have me, lad!’ cried he, but I cut him again, sliced at the hips and both ends flopped apart and gushed bubbling wine. ‘HAHAHAHAHAHA!’ he bellowed and I grabbed a line for a swing toward the Fancy.
She was nearly done, waves splashing over the deck, sails afire as men screamed. The bony demons drove hard but they’d picked a poor prize. The men remaining rallied behind a dashing lass, dressed in blue leather with yellow trim. A voluptuous Negro goddess with a wink and a smile, she fought with pistol after pistol holstered under her arms and never missed a shot. Then Baptiste was at one elbow, Caputo the other, but our own crew was done. We called the Fancy’s remainder to join us then and put up what we could to the very last.
But this meant nothing. It was a good rout against those devils, but as we kicked away the last of the bones and rallied our survivors, Joy shot from his deck, whole once more and grinning that sepulcherous grin. His minions did likewise behind him, then those we’d killed upon the Fancy. Their scattered bones gathered and they soon stood, pointing their barnacled blades.
‘I’ve got ye, Baron!’ the pirate cried and while we might carry on, the Fancy was doomed. The Jane, however, was no worse for wear and a plank was crashed down, mossy and wet, upon our sinking deck.
‘March up!’ said Joy and he flashed a piece of parchment. ‘I’ve got the map to my bonny island, I do!’ and the Negro pistoleer scowled and sneered beside me and thought much of going out in a blaze of glory, I could see it. 
‘Hold fast,’ said I, and put up my sword. Hands on my head, I walked the plank to the demon ship. My companions followed suit and that beautiful woman at least saw she would not have our favor in another fight. She clapped to the last of the Fancy’s crew and swept them on behind. 
‘Come, lads!’ said she, and all of us were taken as spoils of war.
As the Fancy gushed its last in a foamy spurt and went below, Jericho Joy surrounded us with his growling, evil-eyed crew and clutched that parchment tight. 
‘A map?’ said I, and he said indeed. We would come with him to the place upon it, furious fighters we were and so, should be in his crew.
‘Meaning what,’ asked Baptiste, but I knew well. I had heard the stories and so spoke the vile word.
‘Mygla,’ said I and Joy laughed and laughed. 
‘Yes, Baron! The darkest, most evil island in the world! Where I will become the most powerful pirate who ever lived! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!’
Chapter Twenty

We stood languishing in the brig of the Lucifer Jane, two pairs of damp, dark cells that swayed with the waves. Chamber pots sloshed in the corner, loose bones rolled across the floor. It was myself and my companions to one, the Negro pistoleer and two from her ship in the other. Across were another two pair of her mates, each to a cell. A skeleton guard appeared briefly upon the walkway between, tossing in what bread or water was deemed fit. 
The pistoleer’s name was Valshante, first mate of the Blue Fancy. A finer shot I had never seen and told her so. 
‘Why, I can shoot the wattle off a Vilox on our very own Moon,’ said she. 
‘The Moon you say!’ and I laughed and laughed. 
Indeed, this lass would be a fine addition to our cause. 
‘And how would you know if you had hit one?’ asked Caputo and Valshante tugged the cheek under her eye, staring wide through the bars of her cell. 
‘Because, my hirsute friend, I could see it! These eyes are wonders, a blessed marvel of physiology from no less than the Gypsy King himself!’ 
And I laughed and laughed some more. A fine addition indeed! I told her so and welcomed her men along with. True, I had given us up to Jericho Joy, but continuing as we had would have seen us sunk with the Fancy. And clever as myself and my stalwarts could be, taking the Joy would leave us in charge of a crew of undead monsters. We had not the temperament, nor requisite experience, for such an endeavor. If Valshante or her crew were indeed qualified, say the word and Caputo would have our cell doors off in a trice. 
‘Alas, no,’ said she, and her men grumbled assent. 
I then asked her of the map Jericho Joy had stolen and if it indeed pointed the way to Mygla. 
‘The Fancy held many treasures,’ said Valshante, ‘which now lie at the bottom of the ocean. We are raiders, true, pirates, and knew not what these riches be when we hoisted them. Had we known any of it was sought by Jericho Joy, we’d have thought twice, I assure you.’ 
As would any sane fellow, chanced by Fate to cross that demon’s path. Surely all had heard his tale of terror and torment? But Baptiste said he had not and Valshante’s fellows could only shrug. Caputo said he had but would enjoy such theatrics as I was sure to bring to a telling. I spoke it then, pouring myself a cup of coffee from Baptiste’s tray and holding out the samovar. Anyone? No? Then let’s begin.
‘A thousand years ago, the Holy Odor of Emmental – those vile priests of the Moon’s dark side – led their army of pungent lunatics against the Selenians in the Grate Wars. Their deadliest weapon was the Blue Gex, the ripest, most foul, most fragrantly powerful piece of cheese ever created! It had turned the dark side into a blackened, furry mess of rot and filth and would do the same to the light side of the Moon if not destroyed. I will not bore you with the details of that conflict, but suffice it to say, the Gex was too powerful for even the Holy Odor and they relinquished the thing to the Selenites. Unable to be melted or sliced or safely packaged in any way, those lunar giants bound it in one of their temples, which soon turned black as pumice along with the countryside in all directions. Only through heaving that entire piece of land to Earth could they hope to save themselves. And now, this island of horrors floats freely upon the waves, malodorous Mygla!’
This got the proper response from my audience, with many oohs and widened eyes.
‘Do go on,’ said Valshante.
‘Men sought it time and again and Jericho Joy was one such. Human as anyone once, he was a pirate brigand, a laughing, bloodthirsty rogue of the seven seas. Oh, but such greed. No gold or silver sated him, no woman, no spices or silks or cannon-blasted battle that he did not want more. Ever more! When he heard of the Gex he became convinced he could possess it and so possess the universe itself. 
‘But as it happens with men so beset by the fevered dreams of avarice these dreams became reality and reality itself became the dream. Now a raving madman, he sought the counsel of wizards and warlocks that he might discover dark corners in the world holding the key to his obsession. Much cheese was of course consumed on the way, as his quest demanded sacrifice and the years would take their toll. From the Killvarti of the Black Portal of Ultimate Doom to Overlord & Sons Artisanal Chokefort to the infamous Fromage de la Folie et de la Mort Très Probable, he ate it all and more to stem the flow of time and keep himself vigorous in his neverending search.
‘Oh, but their creamy powers consumed him,’ I cried, ‘turning him to a veiny, fermented fiend with a rind of waxy skin and red, salty wine for blood!’
‘No!’ gasped a Fancy crewman and I locked my eyes upon him.
‘Yes!’ said I. ‘His own soul screamed in torment as it tried to flee his body, but remained a blazing fire atop his skull! Now, this naturally relates to the Swiss practice known as ‘Kässkochen’, that is, a pot of grated cheese melted with wine in which you dip bread or fruit. And it is said Joy’s tricorner hat doubles as such a pot and he carries little forks with him. So, are victims forced to partake of his bubbling flesh and be changed into his skeletal minions! Such is the fate that awaits us on Mygla!’
Many low whistles accompanied my finish and I gave a small bow for the applause.
‘Has anyone beheld this Gex?’ asked Valshante and Caputo said he had heard tell of men who had seen it. One who even got close enough to smell!
‘It turned his brains to brie,’ said the gorilla. ‘Which spread to every organ in his body. He was chased for years by a cult of cheesemongers who wished to eviscerate him at a ritual commemorating the invention of the cracker.’
‘Those munsters!’ I cried.
‘You cheddar brielieve it.’
‘So what does it look like?’ asked another Fancy crewman, gripping the bars of his cell with white-knuckled fists. Indeed, it seemed even a mention of the Gex was enough to beguile some fellows.
‘A creamy white wedge!’ said Caputo. ‘With a shiny blue rind to contain its untold powers. It has holes, oh! such holes and to look into them is to look into chaos itself!’
‘Chaos,’ whispered the crewman.
‘It was the gods of course, who unleashed it,’ said the ape. ‘Carved it from the Milky Whey which they say forms the cosmic plane. A small piece, oh, enough for a snack. Perhaps a lunch if you had an apple and a crusty bread. Maybe some honey or butter beside and probably a beer.’
‘Or some wine,’ said I. 
‘A pinot, I think,’ nodded Caputo. ‘Or some chilled Chardonnay. Something light.’ 
‘Light, to combat the darkness!’ 
‘Amen!’ cried the gorilla and we raised our arms to the sky. ‘And this wedge was delivered to Earth,’ said he, ‘that we might grow bold and brilliant! The secrets of time and space were held within! But our minds were not ready, oh no! No, we corrupted the Gex with our zesty madness! It grew rank and bitter and began to feed upon the evil of the world!’
 ‘Such evil!’ we shouted.
‘The Holy Odor drew it up to the Moon’s dark side –’
‘So dark!’
‘– which then was a lush, verdant paradise.’
‘So light!’
‘And they were kind men!’ cried Caputo.
‘So kind!’
‘Men of peace! They sought to purge the evil Gex in a place of serenity and reason. To show it the goodness of Man. But we know what happened.’
‘Oh, we know!’
‘It brought strife and war and sent itself out in a tangy, eye-stinging wave of sulfurous horror!’
‘All was lost!’ 
‘Lost! And the creatures who rose from the ashes were changed for all time, bent on evil deeds. And so began the Grate Wars!’
‘The Moldoneonic Wars!’
‘Praise Cheesus!’
Chapter Twenty One

We saw many strange things on the way to Mygla and battled even more. Guardians and servants of the Gex, appearing from the mists to keep us at bay. My stalwarts and I were let free to fight, lest the entire ship be lost and there was little we could do afterward but return to our cells. For it was obvious from the first we glimpsed abovedecks, when Captain Joy cried to his minions to free us against a terrible sea beast, that we were no longer within the world we knew. 
All was distorted and misshapen and the Sun festered behind a sheet of grey haze. But it could not be our Sun, for it was orange and bloated and never seemed to set. The water took on colours and weird vessels were sighted in the distance, whose occupants stared out at us with glowing eyes. (I thought often of my ancestor, the painter Münchronymous Bock, who splashed many a canvas with his mad depictions of places I was always certain could not exist, yet here they were.) 
To leap from the gunwales and swim for it was a fool’s errand, for we would never have found our way back to reality. Had we ventured down an alien coast or been driven though a curtain of otherworldly mist? I knew not. Perhaps we sailed within the mind of Jericho Joy himself. He followed no map, having burned the Fancy’s in his headfire and committed it to his soul. What became of that soul in this place who could say, for he only stood at the bow and stared out to the horizon. This, until the next monster, the next savage attack from sea or air. 
Oh, they came from the air, those flying monsters as I had seen on my Inselplatz, but brightly coloured and breathing fire. From the sea, those bizarre ships drew near and we battled their crews. Some of these vessels were blocks of crystal, some of them heaps of bodies lashed together. Corpses! And oh, their crews were terrible to behold. Bulging eyes and fangs and forked tongues, all. They held spears and axes and guns carved from rock or wood that fired ludicrous things. 
Before long, the Jane took too much damage and our prison below was half underwater. Then the sails were burned and slashed and Joy’s own crew could no longer reshape themselves after a skirmish. Their bones turned spongy or became dry twigs and we threw them overboard with a shiver for having to touch them.
Valshante held fast, as did Baptiste and Caputo, but our pistoleer’s other crewmen did not fare as well. Half of them died in battle, half were driven mad. These stole a longboat and paddled off one day, laughing and cheering their victory with a bottle of rum. When a pair of jaws suddenly rose up and swallowed them whole, we stood straight and proud and gave our salute. 
Soon the Jane could but float where the waves took her, sinking lower and lower amid hunched, scaly backs breaking the surface and spouting water. More horrendous leviathans, with the patience of ages. 
And when all must be lost and I began to think feverishly of a way out, a direction to swim, a boat to hail and commandeer, we saw it. There in the distance and Joy gave a shout and began to shriek like a man being skinned. 
‘Mygla!’ he cried. ‘Fair Myglaaaaaaaaaaa!’ 
And I suddenly wondered how long all this had taken, this journey. If someone told me ten years I would have believed them. Or even a single day, that too. To know either one for certain though would have driven me mad, I don’t mind telling you.
Joy paid us no mind leaping from the bow as our keel crunched up on that blackened shore. Great, rusted rings were bolted there, their massive chains hanging in the water. Old spars of ships jutted along the coast, tattered pennants sagging. Ghostly figures wafted inland atop crags and outcrops. Joy raved toward a distant set of carved steps to the Selenian temple of legend, waiting there with the sodden, grey sky behind it.
We were halfway behind him when the demon reached the top and wrenched open some heavy, iron portals below the entablature. They gave with a toothsome wail of rusted metal that made our teeth ache. Then he was squeezing his way through, his cackles echoing about the interior and fading away. When we finally stood between the huge, cracked columns ourselves, we drew swords and edged in carefully. Caputo first, for his strength, then Valshante for her guns. Then myself and Baptiste, my man ready to run for help, said I, should the need arise.
‘Run where,’ he sneered. ‘Oh, that thing with two heads thrashing in the water out there could probably help us. How about that?!’ 
‘Use your best judgment,’ said I, and led him inside.
There we found a magnificent hall, ancient Selenian gods looming in alcoves to either side. Their carven features had become distorted and mournful, certainly through exposure to the Gex. We felt it too, a nauseous fist in our guts as we crept toward a pair of stone doors at the far end. Partially opened by Joy and there was a light within, but we heard nothing.
Old cook fires had been smeared out around us, a few bones scattered, names and prayers scraped on the wall or written in what I hoped was brown gravy and strawberry jam. At the doors, Caputo held up and peeked through. His eyes widened. He made to speak a caution when suddenly, a scream burst forth from within! I bade him wrench the portals open and we rushed inside, crouched for battle!
By the Mankus of Brisbane! A great serpent! High as the roof, it was shimmering white, its scales coated in some blue translucence that shifted as it crushed Jericho Joy in its coils. It had fins as well and gills breathed on its neck behind the gaping jaw. With a greasy rasp, it tossed the pirate up and caught him clean in that pink satin mouth! And blazing red eyes turned to us as it knotted in the air, tying itself into an impossible creature! A giant, four-armed gorilla with the wings of a dragon and the head of a snarling bear!
‘It lies!’ Valshante shouted and gripped my wrist. I cannot speak to the magic of that place, but somehow, it told me she was right. I grabbed Caputo, his hackles rising when he too, saw it for what it was. Baptiste, feeling left out, jumped on Caputo’s back and so had the mists parted as well. 
It was nothing! A wedge of cheese on a plinth, floating a few feet above the floor! 
‘I can see it,’ said Valshante and led us forward. ‘Do not let go!’ 
And she was right. In physical contact, we all shared eyes and saw the holes in that fiendish fromage showing us each our private hell. Look away and it would become another horror. Stare too long and it would draw us in forever.
Screams and laughter poured forth from it, fires promised to cook our bones. We heard voices and cries and the music of madmen. Faces peered out and were gone. Blood seeped from beneath the wedge itself and dripped upon the floor. 
But we sought home, did we not? And who better to find it than our sharp-eyed pistoleer? 
‘It must be there!’ Baptiste cried and Valshante said it was. 
‘I can see the world,’ said she and pulled us onward. Our necks craned back as the wedge grew huge before us, a hole within it widening to a picture of clear, blue skies. 
The temple trembled then and the floor shook. Pebbles pattered our shoulders, dust drifted. A terrible voice boomed: How dare you! No one escapes! No one defies their torment! 
But we did at that, I don’t mind telling you.
Chapter Twenty Two

We stood upon the blowing dunes and stared at the pyramids before us. The Sphinx stared calmly back and welcomed us to Egypt. Just like that, it spoke into our heads and I could not conceal my excitement. My entire life have I wanted to stand before that creature and hear its riddle told! So I shuffled through the sand with my stalwarts in tow, cutlass held high ‘Onward!’ as our shadows leaned at sharp angles beneath the burning Sun.
‘Sphinx!’ I cried. ‘Mighty Sphinx!’ 
The ponderous head tilted ever so slightly as I approached. I saw its paws shift in the sand and the hindquarters settle in that it might prepare for a pounce, should I get the answer wrong. 
‘How may I help you, Baron,’ it said, with the British-inflected English so often found in creatures of ancient origin whose native tongues have been relegated to the dusty shelves of academia.
‘Your riddle, of course,’ said I, walking into the peth of its tremendous shadow. I looked up the expanse of it, enthralled as it craned its neck to loom properly down. My stalwarts stood behind, weapons out and not a one of them certain of the next minute.
‘I will abide,’ said the Sphinx. ‘The riddle is thus: The time is half the time after midnight that is three-quarters of the time left before noon. What time is it?’
I rested my blade on my shoulder, other hand on my hip.
‘What?’ 
‘That is the riddle.’
‘No, I want the riddle. The actual riddle!’ 
‘That is the riddle.’
‘That is not the riddle, sir!’
‘Ah, you mean the creature who walks on four legs –’
‘Yes, four and then two and then three. That’s the riddle!’
‘That was the old riddle,’ said the beast. ‘The Greeks came up with that one. That was their Sphinx. A fine woman I hear, I never knew her personally. But the pharaohs, they never really decided one for me, but so many people come forth –’
‘You don’t have a riddle?’
‘I do now, but no, the Riddle of the Sphinx refers to the Greek Sphinx. I have my own riddle.’
‘I don’t know your riddle, I know the other riddle!’
‘Well, that was another thing. Everyone knew the old one, so I didn’t get to eat nearly as many people. This way, I do just fine. Shall we?’
And the creature lowered its head, stone jaws sifting dust as they opened wide.
‘7:12!’ Caputo shouted. ‘In the morning! The answer is 7:12!’
The Sphinx snapped those jaws shut and growled. It drew back with a scowl. 
‘That’s not fair.’
‘An answer is an answer,’ said I. ‘Give me the riches of the universe.’
‘The what?’ 
‘Wealth, sir! Power! Whatever it is, the reward for answering.’
‘I don’t give wealth and power.’ 
‘What? Why the devil not?’
‘I’m sure I don’t know, I just don’t. Why would I? What I will do is raise the dead to ensure this does not happen again! Behold!’
And all about us, the bandage wrapped corpses of the dead spiraled up from the sand! They moaned softly, arms held straight before them. Oh, what did they call those?
‘Mummies,’ said Caputo. ‘The bodies of pharaohs and heads of state, preserved through a special means and wrapped in linen cloth.’
‘That is correct,’ said the Sphinx. 
The mummy army thudded forward in a circle around us, red pinprick eyes glowing through slits in the filthy linen.
‘Back!’ I cried and pointed my sword.
‘No more cheating?’ said the Sphinx.
‘I will answer the riddle myself, yes.’
The mummies stopped their advance. They continued to moan however, less as a sound of deep anguish than a general, perhaps even nauseous, discomfort. Someone eating an entire cake might make a similar sound about halfway through the effort.
‘Now!’ cried the Sphinx, ‘What number consists of eleven thousands, eleven hundreds and eleven ones?’
‘Bah! One hundred and eleven –’
‘Ahem!’ coughed Caputo and Valshante and Baptiste took up the call, barking into their fists as though suddenly seized by some puff of dust or smoke.
I cleared my own throat and smiled at the Sphinx. It glared.
‘You are cheating again,’ it said. 
‘Have I given my answer? I have not.’
‘You were about to.’
‘My companions interrupted me!’
‘Lies! Answer the question!’
‘Are you fellows okay?’ I asked, patting Caputo on the shoulder. 
‘I believe so, Baron,’ said he. ‘Ah! One more.’ And he coughed, very lightly. ‘Ahem.’
‘No more?’ I asked.
‘No, Baron. I have nothing more to add.’
I looked up at the Sphinx.
‘May I answer, now?’
‘Oh, please do.’
‘One hundred and twelve thousand, one hundred and eleven.’
‘I see. You have cheated once again – do not interrupt, you have! Your companions have assisted you and now all of you are liable for your next and final answer. Only you may speak, Baron! Only you and when you have failed I will eat you and your entire retinue and if you resist me I will unleash my mummies and –’
And the ground began to shake and huge, inverted black bowls shivered their way to the surface on either side of the terrible Sphinx. 
‘– my scorpion sentinels!’
They indeed became the glossy backs of great scorpions, thirty feet high with drooling pincers and thick, curved tails! These ended in a single thorn dripping milky venom!
I looked to my companions, who looked to the mummies about us, who groaned and looked over at the scorpions, who chittered and hissed and looked up at their master. In turn, that terrible monster glowered down upon me, its eyes wide and fearsome.
‘Are you ready Baron?’
‘I am,’ said I.
‘No help!’
‘None.’ 
‘This is the final question!’
‘I understand.’
‘I will ask it, you will answer and when you are wrong – and you will be – you and your companions will remain perfectly still to be eaten!’
‘Of course.’
‘Or my mummies will tear you limb from limb and feed you to the scorpions.’ 
‘I thought you said you were going to eat us,’ said I.
‘Oh. Well, no, you know what?’ said the Sphinx. ‘I will eat the scorpions.’
The scorpions leaned out past the front of the Sphinx and looked at each other.
‘Mind your station!’ roared the Sphinx and the scorpions drew back and stood stock-still. ‘Things will be eaten! That is all you need know. Now. Let us proceed.’
And I stood up straight myself, my stalwarts tending close. We faced the terrible Sphinx and prepared ourselves for the coming torment. A deal is a deal, after all.
‘Now then,’ said the creature, ‘two fathers and two sons each caught three hares, yet each received exactly one. How?’ 
I clapped a hand to my mouth on a snort of laughter.
Chapter Twenty Three

The Sphinx chased us for a considerable distance over the dunes, but with no little stiffness for having sat in place so long. More than once it stopped with a hiss and shook a cramp loose. His scorpions scrambled ahead of them, far past the mummies, who were still stumbling table-legged over a dune and trying to help each other up. 
Valshante turned to fire her pistols at the scorpion nearest us, snipping off its thorn in a spray of bloody venom. This stopped the thing, who mewled and craned its head back to inspect the damage. Its friend came to assist, a bit of fearful concern evident in its hasty, mincing steps across the sand. They conferred for a moment, one patting the other on the head with a many-jointed leg. The Sphinx trammeled past them, snorting and scowling. 
‘Get after them, you fools!’ it cried, but the creatures held fast, perhaps feeling that a battle wound on top of being told they’d be eaten by their master best relegated their part in things to that of interested observers.
For ourselves, we were surely undone as the Sphinx pounded through that last dune and tore up great chuffs of sand to run us down. When we heard the yelping cry from behind we turned, thinking one of our own had been taken. Weapons drawn to avenge them, we saw in fact it was the Sphinx itself, hissing and dancing on its paws in painful fashion. One of them swiped imaginary fleas from its side. 
‘I have a stitch!’ it shouted. ‘Oh my! And another cramp! Ow, ow, ow –’ 
It tottered on three legs then, shaking out a fourth. Finally, it sat down hard upon the dune and rolled to its side and lay there, sandstone sides heaving heavily. 
‘It’s too hot for this,’ it said, which we took as our cue to depart once more, with many, many looks over our shoulder, just in case.
Soon however, it was apparent the poor devil had given up, which left us scuffing through the dunes in whatever direction this happened to be. Coats open, cloths on our heads, and agreeing with that mysterious bastion of an age-old empire, it was indeed quite hot. 
‘We must rest,’ said Valshante at last and plopped down with a sigh. I pulled some cards and dealt us all in for some Brusquembille. I took Caputo as a partner against Baptiste and Valshante and spun us out three apiece. Our team was up one trick when I very absently put my finger to my nose, followed by Valshante and then Caputo and Baptiste, very quickly, though he only came halfway before tossing his cards in with a scoff.
‘Oh, who else is going to go!’ he cried.
‘And some wine!’ I shouted as he ran off.
We’d barely cut the sevens out to deal three-handed when my man returned with some roast beef, syllabub, candied pineapple, and an aggressive shiraz, which we sent back. 
‘You’re joking,’ said he.
‘Tut, tut,’ said I, and off he went.
We then spent a few minutes debating the value of the cabernet with which he returned when Valshante espied something in the distance and threw down her napkin.
I cannot explain how it came to be, save to say that there are many forgotten river beds and sea beds and lake beds of a desert, some worn to cracked craters, others swept to oblivion by sand and time. But indeed we all stood and made our way to a ship out there, half-buried with its prow jutting forth, torn sails flapping from a trio of creaking masts.
That it could be repaired was without question and Baptiste was sent running once more for hammer, nails, planks, sail, and a midget carpenter who would not stop screaming at the imposition of it all. Nor would Baptiste, who said his food was cold now and he was going to Vienna for some schnitzel. ‘Hurry back!’ I called and a moment later, he was. Then we set to work and applauded our success and bid the helpful carpenter adieu with a vague gesture toward civilization. 
‘Yoor not takin’ me back?!’ he cried in his comical brogue.
‘Egypt is a lovely country!’ said Valshante. ‘The heat is unparalleled!’
‘I donna wanna be in bloody Egypt!’ 
‘Fine, hop aboard,’ said I. ‘We’ll drop you off on the way.’
‘Way to whot! Yoor all mad!’
‘Are you coming or not?’ said I. ‘The tide’s nearly in.’
‘Tyde?! There ain’t no bloody oohshen, ye daft mugaloon!’ 
I gripped the wheel and stared out ahead. I’d always felt sailing was more a matter of wind, than water. In which case, ‘ocean’ was a rather relative term. 
‘Fellows!’ said I, ‘I believe if we shake the boat sufficiently forward and back, we could encourage a breeze to assist our forward momentum!’
The tiny carpenter gaped. 
‘Madness! Ye canna make a wind from thin air!’
‘You have a better suggestion?’
‘Ach! Fine. Fine! I’ll help ye, ye blasted fungworts!’ 
And the little man scrambled up the hull and over the gunwale and so to the top of the quarter deck. There he shimmied up the mizzenmast and stood upon the yardarm. We watched him with no little amusement, turned to raucous cheers as he inhaled deeply until his chest bulged like a stove. Then he spewed forth a hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! of breath and sent a gusting lungful into the sails! 
We shushed mightily ahead, and I steered us over the next dune, being a deft hand at the tiller, I don’t mind telling you. And now that the wind had us, the carpenter swung down on a rope and landed beside, most nimble. He squared his tool belt and stood up straight as his meter of height would allow.
‘I be Kirkcudbright Ballachulish Magnusecchle,’ said he. 
‘Magnus it is,’ said Baptiste.
‘Me mother called me ‘Kairk’,’ said Magnus.
‘Kirk? What for? Magnus has considerably more pomp.’
‘Pomp, ye say!’
‘‘Here comes Magnus!’ Think of it!’
‘‘Hair cooms Magnus.’ ‘Hair cooms Kairk.’ Aye! Ye might have somethin’!’
‘Magnus it is!’ said I. ‘And may I say, sir, you have a fine talent and would do well in our service.’
‘Izzat right. Well, I’ve gotta job, thank ye.’ 
‘Rife with adventure? And danger at every turn?’
‘I do okeh.’
‘Izzat right.’
‘Ach, I’ll warrant it ain’t too excitin’, ye got me there. But it keeps a roof o’er me head an’ a shirt on me back.’
‘Well, we’ve got a roof,’ said Valshante and pointed to the sky. 
Baptiste tugged his coatee. 
‘And shirts are plentiful. Or capes or boots, as we always abide the latest fashions.’
Magnus pointed a stubby finger at Caputo.
‘Ye’ve got a moonky dressed like a Laijonnaire!’
Caputo looked down at his golden breastplate.
‘It’s got a timeless charm.’
I patted Magnus on the shoulder.
‘The choice is yours, but we’d be glad for your company.’
‘Well, I’ll ride with ye soomwhat, Mr. Bairn, but donna get yer hopes too hye. The world’s mad enuff without a few more hatters.’ 
I doffed my own cap in a bow.
‘As you say.’
‘Aye,’ said the little man, ‘ye’ve a timeless charm, I’ll grant ye. But a loon is a loon.’
Chapter Twenty Four

There was a crew to be had as we went, hooked with gaffs as we passed through desert and jungle and town and village. Caught in the collar and dragooned on the spot, like it or not. Turks and Mamluks in Egypt, then Arab invaders and Negro warriors in the Sudan. We took slavers in the Bangassou Empire, then Kimpanzu and Kinlaza battling for the Kongo. Masaba warlords and Bantu kings across Bunyoro, Omanis and Portuguese from the African Lakes and Zanzibar. 
If we were short a man or someone simply flung themselves overboard at the horror of it all, we caught up traders and mercenaries and the occasional European explorer, mostly British. While it might sound tremendous, all were too struck with wonder at our vessel plying the very earth around them to do more than gape as we hailed hallo! and swung them aboard.
Magnus gave us gusts on the way, Caputo drove the cannons in reply to any warring nations finding insult at our intrusion and Valshante kept an eye out for what was next. Then, while Baptiste sped about giving everyone an official rank and list of duties and checking the schedule and training them all on the proper handiwork required for sailing upon dry land, I held the wheel and called for coffee while finding fault with whatever was working perfectly and demanding results and doling out arbitrary punishments, as any good captain should.
In the end, we roared off the Swahili coast in a grundle of rocks and dust, taking off the rooftops of several buildings in Stone Town, before crashing into the waves of the Indian Ocean and sailing crisply out past Madagascar.
‘Huzzah!’ I cried and rapped my spyglass upon the mast to bring them all to song. ‘And a one, and a two –’

Oh, the Baron is mad and you have been had,
if you’ve ended up onto his deck!
He sails on the land for he is a deft hand,
and we’re all going straight up to heck!

Come mermaids or steel blades or Krakens or storms,
The Baron will sail us on through!
For he pays us no mind, to sense of all kind,
if you bother, then buckle my shoe!

Or flip if you wish in a casserole dish,
Or prance about in a clown suit,
For no one here cares, for monkeys or bears,
Ro-babble de-bazzle-y boot!

Ro-babble de-bazzle-y wazzle-y foo!
Turn on the frenkus and walk yourself through!
We’re mad as the Baron and this much is true!
Lend me a pfenning and buckle my shooooooe!
Ro-babble de-bazzle-y foo!

Oh, I don’t mind telling you, there is much to be said for the camaraderie of men at sea! Back to back, battling storms and villains and denizens of the deep, and did we ever! The sting of salt, the clang of steel, the rasp of rope hauling sails and tack. As the wind lifts you, so does the cry of yo-ho-ho as you sing to your tasks. Every man works, every man fights, every man gets an equal share. The spirit of adventure calls and brotherhood answers. There is nothing like it upon this Earth and as sure as the rising Sun, a fellow would rather lay down his life than betray it. 
Unless if course, there’s a mutiny, in which case, anything goes. 
So it was that myself and my stalwarts stood upon a speck of land somewhere in the Timor Sea and watched our crew sailing off. It was only that, a hump of sand and grit with a single palm tree and at high tide, the waves licking each side might meet in the middle.
I couldn’t speak to the reasoning of my crew, but they were courteous about it all. I’d received a knock on my cabin door with Seaman Klofrond peeking in to say, ‘Sir, could we have a word?’ at which point myself and the others were rounded up and rowed to shore. Surely, it’s exciting to be Captain so there’s no surprise that eventually someone else would express interest in trying their hand at it. While we might have fought to the brig and taken the ship back, there are certainly more pleasant ways to pass the time than by looking over one’s shoulder all day. 
So, thusly endeavored, I called for a cup of coffee and Baptiste clattered around his tray to make do. The mutineers courtesy had extended to ship’s stores, so we were in fine form. As per usual, my man carried cigars and cakes and a bowl of fresh fruit. Ah! An orange. Wonderful. ‘One lump or two?’ asked Baptiste and threw one, two sugar cubes at me and served my cup. 
Oh, Baptiste. I would think he resented his station if I did not refuse to believe that was possible!
‘So what now?’ asked Valshante, scanning the horizon. 
I knew not, but I was sure it involved the enormous wave approaching us. I suggested we empty a few of the bottles washed ashore with rolled messages inside and some of Baptiste’s wine collection to take on as much air as possible. 
‘Cork it fast,’ said, ‘and let us meet on the ocean floor when things have calmed down.’
So it was and the wave crushed us mightily and swept us down and down and down again, down to the bottom of the darkest, blackest pits of pelagic purgatory. I had bid my companions put rocks in their pockets and so they had and all of us touched down softly among the weeds and frills which adorn the undersea kingdom. After taking a deep drink of my bottle, I said, within a flurry of bubbles (which broke into my words) that we should make for land.
We knew not in which direction this could be, having been quite tossed and twirled and trifled about, but any direction is better than none. So, in true captainite fashion, I deemed one better than the rest and led us onward.
Such treasure to be found, spilling from heated vents that lit our way. Rubies and sapphires and piles of gold! Mermen attended us, blue-skinned creatures in scaled breechclouts, astride their seahorses. We walked a graveyard of schooners and frigates and huge Spanish galleons. All loaded with crews of corpses, they stood at the bow as though at sea, calling out orders, their seaweed hair blowing in the current. 
They pointed us up the side of a mountain, up, ever up and through the surface to its peak, a forested coastline where I found a man in uniform standing some ways off. An entire regiment was at attention behind him, lines of cavalry with horses snorting, rows of infantry gripping their muskets tight. They all scowled from beneath their hats, every one.
‘Well, well!’ said the man. He was a captain, judging by his adornments, and a Baron, judging by his face.
My stalwarts made ready for trouble and why wouldn’t they? This devil was my exact twin! This was he, the ersatz Baron! That made the regiment my own, I was sure. Ah yes, there was Kovacolaroski, Rampstart, Balenkov, all of them. 
I bade my companions to stand down as I would not fight my own brothers, not for anything. Not even as they snarled so and trotted out to surround us, thinking who knew what of my presence.
‘Welcome to Riga!’ called my twin, halting before me. The sea frothed at my back, a salt breeze blew.
‘I’ve seen you somewhere before,’ said I.
‘Oh, I can promise you that,’ said he, with a gleam in his eye. ‘The town is just through the forest there. We can have you fed and fitted up, then get our trial underway.’
‘Trial?’ I asked.
‘Indeed. Where you will of course be found guilty of fraud, assassination of character, general mischief and...what have you.’
‘And if ‘es foond innocent?’ asked Magnus, as we were led forward.
‘Oh, no chance of that, sir!’ cried the Baron. ‘No chance of that at all! Hahahahahaha!’

[HERE ENDS THE FIRST PACKET OF PAPERS, THE LAST PAGE OF WHICH APPEARS TO HAVE A SPLASH OF BLOOD ACROSS THE BOTTOM – ed.]
What follows are the original stories written by Rudolf Erich Raspe around 1782 and published in 1785, TO MY GREAT CONSTERNATION. However, it is only proper that one should be Fully Aware of all the Terrible Forces in play that seek to Deprive a man of his Proper Legacy.


THE BARON
Kvasu
October 1800
THE SURPRISING ADVENTURES OF BARON MÜNCHAUSEN
by 
Rudolf Erich Raspe
(edited with courtesy and considerable patience by his Honor, the Baron, 1800 A.D.)



Betrüger Press 
Trubner & Co. 60, Pasternow Row
1801
A Ninth Edition Considerably enlarged by his Honor, from Original Drafts and Stories published by R.E. Raspe, 1785, etc. Extraordinary Adventures Renewed: or, Falsehood as Profit. Containing singular Travels, Campaigns, Voyages, and Adventures in Russia, the Skies Above, North Pole Region, Turkey, Egypt, Gibraltar, up to the Moon, and through the Center of Mount Etna and also to a Land of Cheeses. Addendum: An Account of Meeting Stalwart Companions and Recounting of a Voyage with a Magnificent Eagle whereby a dream is recalled to much satisfaction by Baron Münchausen 
NOTE TO THE PUBLIC
(From notes upon the first Smith edition, 1785) 
The Baron is a well-known figure not only of history but the present as well. Born Five and Sixty Years Ago, he lives still, a brave veteran of two wars and many fierce engagements. Since then he has delighted many with tales of his outrageous exploits, all of which have happened, he assures us. We have no cause to doubt him. R.E.R.
CHAPTER I

[THE BARON RELATES THE FOLLOWING NARRATIVE TO SOME FRIENDS OVER A BOTTLE]

SOME YEARS BEFORE MY approaching manhood, I was chosen as a page by the Duke of my kingdom and bundled off to court in a fine carriage. Even that handful of miles was a wonder to me – having never left my village before – yet could not compare to the adventure I had shortly thereafter. 
Accompanying his highness on an overseas excursion, we laid anchor at an island for wood and water. Suddenly, a mighty storm swept in! It tore up a great number of trees, roots and all, that they appeared like the feathers of small birds floating in the air, at least five miles above the earth.
As the winds subsided each fell back into their respective places and took root again, except the largest. This happened to have a man and his wife upon its branches gathering cucumbers. The weight of them over-balanced the tree, which crashed upon the island chief and killed him on the spot. He was not missed, as the natives of the island were half-starved by his oppressive disposition. 
Therefore, they chose the cucumber-gathering pair for their governors, as a mark of gratitude for destroying the tyrant. The couple were inaugurated that evening before a great fire, upon which we spitted several boars and feasted heartily. The next day we all exchanged tearful goodbyes and sailed into the rising Sun.
Six weeks later we arrived at our destination, where we were received with great marks of friendship by the governor of that place. A day soon after, we accompanied the governor’s brother upon a shooting party. I was young, true, but a fine shot. An hour or so into our excursion, I became separated from the others and found myself near the bank of a small river. Suddenly, I heard a rustling noise. I looked about and spied a lion, intent upon my poor carcass! What was to be done? I fired a shot to no avail. He quickened his pace! I attempted to escape, but the moment I turned I found a large crocodile in the water, his mouth open to receive me! I dove to the ground as the lion sprang overhead and there he fell – into the crocodile’s mouth! Huzzah! With the butt-end of my rifle, I rammed the beast farther inside and destroyed them both by suffocation.
As soon as I had related this extraordinary adventure to the governor, he sent a wagon and servants who soon presented to me the two creatures. The lion’s skin was made into tobacco-pouches, which, upon our return home, the Duke presented to the burgomasters. They in kind gifted him a thousand ducats, from which I was given a sum.
The skin of the crocodile was stuffed in the usual manner and makes a capital article in the museum at Amsterdam. There, the exhibitor relates the whole story to each spectator, with such additions as he
thinks proper. For instance, that the lion jumped quite through the crocodile and was escaping out the back door when Young Master Baron (as he was pleased to call me) cut off its head and several feet of the crocodile’s tail. This caused the crocodile to turn about and, snatching the sword from the Master’s hand, swallowed it down, where it pierced his heart and killed him immediately. The little regard which this impudent knave has to veracity makes me sometimes apprehensive that my real facts may fall under suspicion.
CHAPTER II

IN MY EIGHTEENTH YEAR I pursued a cavalry commission in the Russian Army. Riding through the forest as darkness fell, I could espy no village or other settlement about me. The country was covered with snow, and I was unacquainted with the road. I alighted and fastened my horse to something like the pointed stump of a tree, which appeared above the snow. It is not easy to conceive my astonishment when I awoke, to find myself in the midst of a village, lying in a churchyard. And my horse was gone! 
On looking upwards however, I beheld him hanging by his bridle to the weather-cock of the steeple. I soon realized the village had been covered with snow overnight. In the heat of day, I had sunk down to the churchyard while my horse had remained in place. Without long consideration, I took one of my pistols, shot the bridle in two, caught the horse, and proceeded on my journey. 
However, I soon submitted to the custom of the country and lashed him to a sledge. In the midst of a dreary forest, I spied a terrible wolf making after me with no possibility of escape. Falling furiously on the horse, the wolf began to devour the hind-part of the poor animal. With horror, I beheld the creature eat its way into the horse’s body! As he finished, he found himself in harness and I fell upon him with my whip. In this fashion we both arrived in St. Petersburg, contrary to our respective expectations, and very much to the astonishment of the spectators.
I shall not tire you with the politics, arts, sciences, and history of this magnificent metropolis, nor trouble you with the various intrigues and pleasant adventures I had in the politer circles of that place. I shall confine myself rather to horses and dogs, foxes, wolves, and bears I encountered in its countryside, creatures with which Russia abounds more than any other part of the world.
To wit, I awoke one morning in the country home where I was staying, the gabble of wild ducks outside loud enough to madden me. In an instant, I was running downstairs with my gun when in my haste, I struck my face against the doorpost. Fire flew out of my eyes, but it did not prevent my intention. 
I crossed the lawn and soon came within range of the pond, but realized my accident had sprung the flint from my rifle. Remembering the effect the blow had on my eyes, I pointed them at the pan and punched my cheek. This drew sparks, the shot went off, and I killed fifty brace of ducks, twenty widgeons, and three couple of teals. 
Pleased with myself, I turned home, when I saw a wild boar about to charge! He struck my covering of oak tree with such force, that his tusks pierced the trunk. Ho, ho! thought I, I have you now! So immediately I laid hold of a stone and hammered his tusks in such a manner that he could not retreat by any means. I then went for ropes and a cart, to secure him properly and carry him off.
I have always been remarkable for the excellency of my horses, dogs, guns, and swords, besides the proper manner of using and managing them. Thus, may I hope to be remembered in the forest, upon the turf, and in the field.
CHAPTER III

AS IT WOULD BE another month before I could enter the service, I had complete freedom to while my time as I chose. The harshness of the climate and customs of Russia have assigned to the bottle a very high social importance, which it does not have elsewhere. In this pursuit, I have found in that country many people who could put Dashwood himself under the table. However, they were but poor wretches beside an old general who dined at the hotel where I was staying. 
This brave soul was a brother hussar, who had lost the upper part of his head in a battle with the Turks. That he kept his hat on his head at table precipitated a constant stream of apologies to those around him, but the affectation was tolerated. He was also in a constant wreath of smoke, a fully packed pipe never more than a matchhead away. 
After finishing my meal one evening, I lit a cigar and watched from my chair as he drank an entire bottle of brandy. I was only through my first snifter when he hailed the waiter and called for another. My attention fully arrested, I watched him through two more glasses of my own where he consumed no less than four bottles! Despite this, I could see absolutely no sign of drunkenness in him. I left that evening, utterly perplexed.
The thing is beyond you, no doubt. Thus was the effect upon me. The following evening he repeated the performance, then the one after. The evening after this, I declined an invitation from some companions of a mind to stroll through the Kuntzkamera, something I had dearly hoped to do before I departed. When they pressed me, I confessed my obsession with the General and they agreed to accompany me if only to ascertain that anything so banal as an old drunk could surpass the wondrous horrors said to be housed within Tsar Peter’s grand collection.
We took our table then and ordered a round. The General was already seated, his hat firmly on his head, a nearly empty bottle at his elbow. Checking my watch, I calculated by the times I’d noted in earlier observations that it was the first bottle only and assured my friends this was just the beginning. By the fourth one, my companions could no longer stand it.
One of them, having been in the cavalry himself, then stood up very straight and approached the General. With a sharp salute, he thanked the old man for his service and swept off his cap with a regal bow. All of us sat forward in our chairs, fascinated. 
Then the General stood very solemn and returned the salute. And off came his own hat on a return bow, a gush of smoke and vapors pouring from the top of his head! You see, it was a polished metal plate there, vented such that the spiritous fumes from the alcohol found constant escape in steaming clouds. It was his pipe smoking which had concealed the effect! 
To confirm it, I moved behind the General as he resumed his seat. Before he could replace his hat however, I held my cigar over a few errant wisps. The vapors erupted in a bluish nimbus, such as never shone around the head of the greatest saint. The applause was raucous and the General, ignorant of my trick, stood up to nod his thanks to all assembled.
CHAPTER IV

ONE DAY, A MAN stood before the firing squad, accused of theft. St. Petersburg will tolerate many things, but never that. I could see the rascal from my hotel window, with a view of the public square over the low rooftops. Imperial soldiers stood at attention there as the list of crimes was read. The accused was Rabonov, said to have robbed Count Lenova’s estate of jewels and coins and the man’s signet ring. A monogrammed watch had been found in Rabonov’s rooms by way of an anonymous note.
A huge crowd had drawn up, as executions were always a cause for celebration. Hawkers, thieves, food vendors, even fire breathers and jugglers moved through them, trying to make a penny. 
I stood in my bedroom, watching with a brandy and cigarette, wondering whether to join them when I tapped my ash too hard and sent the ember into the street. I leaned out, unable to call a warning before it sizzled into the coffee cup of a man directly below. 
He took a sip, then cast it aside with a curse. It splashed onto the brazier of a pierogi vendor, who began shouting as a cloud of smoke rolled across the cobbles. I saw this was now the perfect cover for a lad skulking in the shadows, about to snatch a woman’s bag!
I called out, but the boy was racing away toward the next street. The woman shrieked to a guardsman on his horse, who galloped after. I ran into the salon for my telescope and opened the window there.
The boy was headed toward the square when a civic-minded fellow grabbed his arm. The bag spilled, coins and notes bringing a mob rushing in to pluck them up. As a guardsman galloped in, he fired his rifle to disperse them. This startled a fruit vendor stacking his apples. One of these bounced toward the square and I peered through the tube to follow its path – right under the foot of a juggler! 
That he was tossing knives was unfortunate as one went awry, slicing through the crowd toward another guardsman, charging on to aid his fellow. I could not follow the rest, but as I ran to the door, I heard a scream and the crack of rifles. In a pair of minutes, I was shoving through the chaos into the square. A body lay before the wall, shot through! Beside the corpse stood Rabonov, held by a pair of soldiers, blindfold pulled to his throat.
Another soldier was kneeling by the dead man, holding up its hand. The Count’s ring! Rabonov said he knew the thief, known as Vorski. They had fought over a wench at the tavern just days before. I followed the crush across the square to Vorski’s rooms, above that very alehouse. We all waited below as the guards stormed up the stairs. A door was kicked, furniture was thrown aside. A moment later, one of them ran back down, a rucksack in his arms. He lifted jewels from within to a great cheer from us all.
I pieced it together. Vorski had framed his rival and came to watch him killed for it. But when the knife sang through the crowd, it nicked the horse of that oncoming guard. The animal had lashed out, hind legs kicking none other than Vorski himself, standing behind. He’d been launched into the square, knocking Rabonov aside just as the soldiers fired! 
I said nothing of course, but have never smoked near an open window since.
CHAPTER V

THE BEST HORSE I ever owned came to me quite by accident. It was a superb beast, which no money could have bought. I was at Count Przobofsky’s noble country seat in Lithuania, and remained with the ladies in the tearoom discussing Thomas Pellow. That one man could have such adventures as he did was truly a wonder. The gentlemen of the house were down in the yard to see a young horse of blood which had just arrived from the stud. 
Suddenly, we heard a noise of distress and I hastened outside. There, I found a beast so unruly, that nobody dared approach him. The most resolute of those horsemen stood dismayed and aghast! Incredulity was then expressed in every countenance when, in one leap, I was on the creature’s back. Shortly, I had worked him quite neatly into affability and agreement. 
And to show them all the true soul of this fine fellow, I forced him to leap in at one of the open windows of the tearoom. We walked round several times, pace, trot, and gallop, and at last, I bid him mount the tea table itself to repeat his lessons in miniature. This was exceedingly pleasant for the ladies, even moreso as we did not break either cup or saucer. It so astonished the noble lord that he begged I would accept of this young horse, and ride him full career to conquest and honor. And so it was.
A fortnight hence, we were in the land of the Sultan himself, outside a Turkish city. It was my first engagement with the devils and brutal work indeed. I had christened my mount Pierpont, which served him well. We found ourselves in the thick of the enemy, clashing about in a cloud of dust. Our commander did not overfret and acquitted himself in manly fashion. Under his direction we broke them entirely, back through the city gate in fearful disorder. Naturally, we set off in pursuit. 
A few of my brothers made it through first, then myself as a rusted iron portcullis clanged down behind. I wheeled left and right through narrow streets trying to espy my quarry. Soon, I arrived in an abandoned marketplace and saw not one of my fellow hussars about me! They could not be far off, I was sure, and must soon join up.
In that expectation, I walked my exhausted Pierpont to a fountain and bade him drink. He did this with an eagerness not to be satisfied, which I found curious. Patting him on the head, I looked behind me in another quest for my regiment. There I saw the hind part of the poor creature – croup and legs missing from being cut in two! Thus the water ran out as it came in and did him no good! I suddenly realized he had been cleaved by the portcullis and his other end must still lay quivering outside the gate. 
It would have been an irreparable loss, had not our farrier contrived to bring both parts together white-hot. Pierpont took this with his usual courage. The farrier then sewed the halves with sprigs and young shoots of laurels that took root in my steed’s body, grew up, and formed a bower over the saddle. Ever after, I could go upon any expedition in perfect shade and comfort. 
And so I did.
CHAPTER VI

A YEAR LATER, WE were laying siege to another Turkish town, its walls stout against our cannon and gates closed to all men. It was of the utmost importance for the Field Marshal to know their business inside, yet I could not contrive a means to enter the place. Standing behind the cannons, I racked my mind for the answer. Grapnels, ladders, none of it seemed prudent. Suddenly, one of our guns went silent. These were fine twenty-four pounders and proven in battle. I ran up to assist if I could.
The gunner shot the wad into the barrel and shouted no obstructions. He decided to forego the sponge then and called for a charge. I ran to the powder bag and brought one out, shoving it down the throat as he rammed the stick. While he set the quill, I loaded a ball. A boy ran over with a lantern box to light us and I made to step clear, but not quick enough. The fuse stayed cold, but the cannon fired! We’d missed some embers no doubt, and now I had caught the ball in my hands and taken flight!
I held on out of instinct more than anything else as my weight on the thing dragged me into an angled trajectory. Soon, I was well over the walls of the city. Wrestling myself over the top, I hooked my legs to gain a comfortable seat. It was an awkward pose, but I managed.
I decided to take note of all I saw below me, cannons and streets and men at post. It would be quite a present to give my commander and would certainly result in an honor or two. Taking a scratch of paper, I plucked a plume from my hat and used a prick of blood from my finger. 
As I neared the far walls, I realized I would pass over them, which could well take me into the path of our own guns sieging on the opposite side! I endeavored to concoct a dismount that would allow me to alight safely while still deflecting the course of my ball. Then one of our guns fired straight at me, and the answer arrived. Timing my leap, I shoved my own ball toward the distant fields and jumped on the other. No reason why I should walk back when I could just as easily end up where I started, eh?
I saw my gunner wave to me as I approached, but someone had packed an extra punch in this particular shot. I was passing entirely over the battery!
The fields beyond were a morass of mudholes and rutted tracks filled with rain from the last few days. I landed in the former with a thick splash, up to my neck in an instant. There was nothing for it but to take my pigtail in the back – tied with a smart ribbon – and pull myself out. With a heave, I tossed myself to the opposite shore and took myself in.
Such a mess! My uniform was caked in mud and missing more than a few buttons. With some effort though, it could be repaired. An endeavor which held my interest of course, as I always did enjoy a good challenge.
CHAPTER VII

I DO NOT CLAIM any particular share of glory in my great engagements with the enemy. We all did our duty, which, in the soldier’s language, is a very comprehensive word. However, I was not always successful. Once, having command of a body of hussars, I went against the Turks in another furious battle and was taken captive. What is worse, (but always usual among the Turks) is that I was sold for a slave.
My daily tasks were not labourious, but rather singular and irksome. I was to drive the Sultan’s bees every morning to their pasture-grounds, to attend them all day long. Then, every night, drive them back to their hives. 
One evening however, I missed a bee, and soon observed that two bears had fallen upon her to steal her honey. I had nothing upon me but a silver hatchet, which is the badge of the Sultan’s gardeners. I threw it at the creatures and set the poor bee at liberty, but the weapon continued on, catching an updraft and sailing entirely to the vicinity of the Moon!
In musing how to recover it, I recollected that Turkey-beans grow very quick, their stalks running up to an astonishing height. I planted one immediately and as I watched, it rose up and fastened itself to the Moon’s lower horn. I then climbed and there I found my hatchet in a heap of chaff and chopped straw. 
When I attempted to return however, I saw the Sun had dried up my stalk. It would never support my weight back to Earth! Therefore I fell to work and twisted me a rope of the aforementioned straw. 
This I tied to the Moon’s horn and slid down to the end of it. I was nowhere near the Earth yet but had prepared for the eventuality. With hatchet in hand, I reached above and chopped down the useless upper part of the rope, which I tied to the lower portion. I then slid down this and once at the end, repeated the process. Thus and so, did I approach the Earth to within five miles. Suddenly, the rope broke and down I fell! I hit the ground with such amazing violence that I blasted out a tremendous hole. Crawling out, I discovered I had fallen quite near to my beanstalk, the base of which was being munched in earnest by a hare.
Suddenly, a sleek greyhound appeared and they began to chase each other around and around the thing. This went on for some time, though the hare never got tired. Hares do, like anything else, but it is their uncommon bursts of speed which lend the thought that they must go on forever. This one, though, seemingly could. 
As I watched, the little fellow would begin to exert himself, but as the dog closed in, the rascal would roll over and continue on his back! Though the hare’s head was now upside down, his four legs to either side of his spine carried him forth! This gave the first pair time to rest, whereby he would roll again and continue apace.
The greyhound never had a chance. Fast as he was, he was running himself so quickly, his very legs were wearing out. As I watched, they were worn to nothing, like a candle held to a blazing fire. Before long, he had only four little nubs on which to wobble toward me. As the hare scampered off, I led it back to the Sultan’s farm, for use as a terrier.
CHAPTER VIII

WHEN MY SERVICE WAS concluded, I was at odds on what to do with myself. So, I embarked on a first-rate brigantine for parts unknown. Nothing worth relating happened until the day we struck something with such amazing force that we lost our rudder, broke our bowsprit in the middle, and split all our masts from top to bottom. A poor fellow who was furling the mainsheet was flung three leagues from the ship. Fortunately, he saved his life by laying hold of a large sea-gull, who brought him back. 
As we scurried about, looking for the obstruction which had caused such unaccountable confusion, a large whale appeared! This animal was so much displeased with the disturbance which our impact had given him, he took the anchor between his teeth and ran away with the ship. After sixty leagues however, the cable broke, and we were left to our repairs. 
To wit, a leak belowdecks whereby the water poured in so fast, that all our pumps could not keep us from sinking. A foot in diameter, it bubbled up a great fountain from the floor! Upon its discovery, a thought struck me, likely due to my provenance as a descendant of the Dutch. Thus, I sat down upon it, sealing the edges. My situation, while I sat there, was rather intriguing, but the carpenter’s art soon relieved me. 
However, this is not my only encounter with a great denizen of the deep. About seven years later, I was bathing in the sea near Marseilles when I discovered a very large fish approaching me with the greatest velocity. As I could not possibly avoid him, I passed directly between his jaws, and into his stomach. I remained some time in total darkness, playing what pranks I might to dislodge myself. Tumbling, hopping, and jumping, but to no avail. Suddenly, he roared horridly, and I felt the world stand up perpendicularly in the water. 
Soon, I heard men conversing in Italian how they should cut him up, so as to preserve the greatest quantity of meat and oil. As I understood Italian, the most dreadful apprehensions prevailed as they began to slice into the belly. Soon however, I perceived a glimmering of light and I called out lustily to be released! It is impossible to describe the degree of astonishment upon every countenance at seeing a naked man walk out of that creature. 
They allowed me to refresh myself in the sea, and once dressed in some cast-off clothes, I helped them haul in the day’s catch. When I began to get hungry, I longed to return shorewise for my supper, as the only meal at hand was fish and I would be quit of this for some time. However, at that moment I chanced to harpoon an exceedingly large shark. When its belly was slit, we found inside a plump hen sitting upon four eggs! It goes without saying she cooked up splendidly. 
As for the eggs themselves, they occasioned me to stay through the following morning, of course. Then, after a delicious omelette, I was made an honorary member of the crew and spent a fruitful season among my new friends wreaking vengeance upon all the creatures of the sea.
CHAPTER IX

OF THE MANY METHODS of entertainment available to a man of means, I have enjoyed hunting above all others. However, I have found both the most prized and most dangerous animals generally came upon me when I was defenceless. This, as though they had an instinctive intimation of my predicament. In those cases, one is apt to grasp at anything and to try any expedient rather than miss the favorable opportunity. I have many times found myself in that trying situation. 
For instance, I once found myself in the presence of a stately stag. The manner in which he looked upon me, unconcerned, suggested he knew well that I had just spent all my shot. I loaded immediately with powder and a good handful of cherry-stones, sucked as cleanly as the hurry would permit. Thus I let fly and hit him in the forehead. It stunned him, but he made off. 
A year later, being with a party in the same forest, I beheld a noble stag with a fine full-grown cherry tree between his antlers! I immediately recollected my former adventure, looked upon him as my property, and brought him down with a single shot. Thus I had the haunch and a fine cherry-sauce as well.
Another time, I found myself about with both daylight and powder completely spent. As I strode home through the forest, a terrible bear made up to me with great speed. All my pockets were searched in vain for powder and ball, but I found nothing save two spare flints. One of them I flung with all my might down the monster’s throat, startling, but not dissuading him. It gave me the chance, however, to level the second at his back-door. This I did with wonderful success for it flew in, met the first flint in the stomach, and blew up the bear with a terrible explosion.
This cannot compare, however, to the time a frightful wolf rushed upon me so suddenly, and so close, that I could do nothing but follow mechanical instinct and thrust my fist into his open mouth. For safety’s sake, I pushed on and on, till my arm was fairly in up to the shoulder. Then I laid hold of his tail, turned him inside out like a glove, and flung him to the ground, where I left him.
The same expedient would not have answered against a mad dog, which one day came running after me down a narrow street. It nipped at my fur cloak, which I threw off my shoulders as I found a doorway and shut myself inside. In time the beast departed and I exited to recover the cloak, now unkempt and dripping rabid foam. With it held at arm’s length, I returned home and bade my servant to put it to rights. In time this was done and placed in my wardrobe beside my other clothes.
The next day, however, my breakfast was interrupted by a great clamor from above and I bounded into my dressing room to find the wardrobe smashed to pieces and my servant battling back my suits and coats! Obviously, the barking madness was upon them, my fur cloak especially. As the most vicious perpetrator of this destruction, it had fallen upon a fine dress suit, which it shook and tossed in an unmerciful manner. I retrieved my rifle then and delivered God’s mercy.
Presence of mind is the soul of manly exercises. If soldiers and sailors owe to it many of their lucky escapes, hunters and sportsmen are no less beholden for many of their successes.
CHAPTER X

WHILE IN LONDON FOR a horse race and a cricket match or two, I spent my off-hours on a pleasure barge along the Thames. This commanded a unique view of the city and drew no few looks from passersby, I don’t mind telling you. As I sat with a glass of brandy and a cigar, watching their great clock strike the hour, I observed a peculiar shape in the air behind it, high up, which appeared to be a gilt car suspended from a very large balloon. 
Immediately, I fetched my largest and longest fowling-piece and, though the object was several miles off, managed to bring it down in one shot. It dropped quickly, but not recklessly, and bumped upon the river bank a few yards away. Judge my surprise then as not only was the object as I perceived but that a man was inside it! 
He stepped out holding a shank of roasted meat, which he had been in the process of eating, given the napkin around his throat. I took him on board with me where he gave the following account: “I ascended from Cornwall and took a sheep upon which to try atmospheric experiments. When the wind changed shortly after my ascent, I was driven by gales into the heavenly heights! I was so near the Sun that it scorched my eyebrows. Yet I managed to kill the sheep and roast it in those celestial beams rather than starve to death. Had it not been for your expert aim sir, I might have floated off to the Moon!”
Unable to conceive of re-entering his contraption, I proposed a trade, whereby he shoved off in my barge, leaving me to effect repairs upon his vehicle, always having been quite mechanically-minded. I then floated out above London and, of a mischievous mind, lowered the anchor line and hooked the eaves of a house. I carried it off to Mitcham’s Green, where I understand it caused much consternation at a match the next day. (If you look in the right edition of the Times for March 8, 1755, you will see it.)
When the sentinel at Windsor Castle espied my balloon high above, he fainted, awakening at his post in St. George’s Fields, where I had cleverly relocated the place. Before he could rouse the alarm, I was already carrying it back and as it bumped down into its foundations, he fainted again. So far as I know, he kept his own counsel on the matter, lest he be thought mad. 
On the 30th of September, when the College of Physicians dined for their annual feast, I ascended over the dome of their building, hooked them up, and brought them all to an immense height, where I kept them for three months. I assure you, their spread for those gatherings is so extravagant, they had no need of food. In fact, so engrossed were they in their repast, I am not sure they never knew they were gone. Had I kept them suspended twice the time, they would have experienced no inconvenience, I’m sure. 
Though this was meant as an innocent frolic, I confess the clergy, undertakers, sextons, and grave-diggers did suffer as during the entire time the college hung suspended – the physicians therein no longer incapable of attending their patients – no deaths happened, not a one. If the apothecaries had not picked up the slack, I’m certain half the undertakers in the city would have gone bankrupt.
CHAPTER XI

I FLOATED BY BALLOON throughout the world, from the Treaty of Madrid to the French and Indian War, and had a hand in both. Such was my custom to make landfall and stroll about, telling of my adventures but more often, creating new ones. By my oath, however, few are more singular than the day I found the Land of Cheese. So far as I know, my balloon is still there so if you happen to discover the place, you can see that wondrous contraption and know I speak the truth.
The Land was as the name suggests, that is, an enormous island of red-rinded, slightly-holed cheese. That it floated in a sea of rich, dark wine was not peculiar, as the two are much favored in concert by the upper echelons of society. 
Upon this island, the inhabitants – who are amazingly numerous – principally sustain themselves by digging up the ground, which only makes sense. That what divots and gouges they do make grow back every night, also does. Otherwise, the island would sink, which simply isn’t logical. 
I saw plenty of vines, with bunches of large grapes, which, upon being pressed, yielded nothing but milk. In fact, the inhabitants ran races upon the surface of milk rivers without sinking at all, managing themselves as we might upon a bowling-green. They were comely figures, nine feet high with three legs and one arm. Upon the whole, their form was graceful, and when they quarreled, they shouted through a straight horn which grows from the center of their foreheads. 
In the Land grew a great plenty of corn, the ears of which produced loaves of bread, round like mushrooms. I cracked many open, releasing steam and pulled great hunks of the ground up for my lunches. With butter bushes and a few ham trees, I had no complaints on that front.
I also discovered fruit, such as peaches, nectarines, apricots, all sprouting from the tiny holes of the cheese, unbidden. I still do not know the mechanism that produces them. 
Through the sky would sail exotic birds and the cries of other animals sounded in the forests. Forests of trees growing not only ham but also chocolate, melons, apples, sharp knives, cutting boards and of course, wine glasses.
When I saw ships in the distance, I would always wait a moment to see if they would push in, or lay at anchor once they had smelled the water around their hull. Invariably, I would see the latter, followed by a longboat of men paddling out to fill their casks. Then music and much noise throughout the night and one of the cheese natives would swim out and cut the anchor rope, and they would drift away. Never once has a ship ever found its way back. I am sure they awoke far too distressed from their revels to remember where they had been.
I often had occasion to swim out in the lagoons of wine with a glass from which I could sip the waves and stare at the sky. I enjoyed watching for the birds and wondering if I might espy another balloon like my own. Explorers, searching for new lands. 
One day as I did this, I felt the water heave around me and when I looked, a great whale was swallowing me up! However, as he took in a great quantity of wine as well, and I still had my glass, I did not suffer too bad a time for it.
CHAPTER XII

INSIDE OF A WHALE it is quite warm and very offensive. I found anchors, cables, boats, and barges in abundance, and a considerable number of ships, which this creature had also swallowed. I met with people of all nations, upwards of ten thousand, at least. I walked the decks of many ships, from Spanish warships to British frigates to the boums of Arabia, which I had seen in operation while fighting the Turks. All of them I urged to hold a council on how to recover their liberty. Some of them had lived in the animal’s stomach several years and had children who had never seen the world. 
Everything was transacted by torch-light. There was no Sun, no Moon, no planet by which to make observations. We were all generally afloat and aground twice a day. Whenever the whale drank, it became high water with us, and when he evacuated, we found ourselves aground. Upon a moderate computation, he took in more water at a single gulp than is generally to be found in the Lake of Geneva, which is thirty miles in circumference. 
After a few days of confinement, I ventured at low tide – as we called it – to ramble with the Council of Captains, of which I had become a member. I had explained my balloon and they saw it as evidence of my expertise not only as a captain in my own right but as a man of action besides. Before I could make it to the council ship – The HMS Victory, in fact – the whale became thirsty and drank in his usual manner. The water poured in with such impetuosity that I retreated to a nearby brigantine or run the risk of being drowned. The last few yards I simply swam for it and with difficulty, escaped certain death.
A few hours later, I was more fortunate and we all met after the monster had evacuated. As elected chairman of the council – the tales of my balloon had truly entranced them all – I proposed a plan I had been concocting. We would splice two main-masts together and the next time the beast opened his mouth, we would wedge them in so as to prevent him shutting it. It was unanimously approved. 
One hundred stout men were chosen upon this service and scarcely were the masts prepared when an opportunity offered. As the monster took in water, we thrust the top of the mast against the roof of his mouth, the butt end to his tongue. Thus, was the mouth securely prevented from shutting. 
As soon as the high tide rolled in and all was afloat, we sailed out into the world. The daylight upon us – even with my own short confinement – cheered my spirits immensely. When everyone had taken their leave of that capacious animal, I stood in the crow’s nest of the Victory and counted up. We were now a fleet of ninety-five ships, ready for our next adventure.
CHAPTER XIII

I SAILED FOR SOME years at the head of my fleet, which dwindled over time. And it was mine, as my station rose from Council Chairman to Lord Councilor, to finally, Master of the Fleet itself. I led them far and wide, from east to west and to Hell and back. However, it was soon my lot to return to the world and so I did. I handed everything over to my first mate, who bowed deeply and swore he would honor our cause. So far as I know, he has.
For myself, I was left to fend on the coast of Portugal and so made my way east, toward Italy. Having read Mr. Drybones’ “Travels to Sicily” with great pleasure, I was induced to pay a visit to Mount Etna which had been erupting with some frequency since April. My journey was not attended with any circumstances worth relating, though my carriage did break down between Madrid and Valencia and I was attacked by a wolf during repairs, but I have already related to you how I handle such foes.
Upon my arrival at Etna, I ascended to the top of that ponderous peak. I walked round the edge of the crater and, having made up my mind, sprang in feet foremost. I was caught in a storm of red-hot cinders, which, by their violent ascent, opposed my fall. However, my weight soon brought me to the bottom, where I found myself in the midst of noise and clamour, mixed with the most horrid imprecations. 
Guess, gentlemen, my astonishment, when I discovered myself in the company of Vulcan himself! He did me the honour of a warm washcloth for the ash on my cheeks and also placed refreshments before me, particularly nectar, to which the gods of myth only aspire. 
He gave me a very concise account of Mount Etna’s purges, saying it was nothing more than an accumulation of embers thrown from his forge. He made Jupiter’s thunderbolts for the world’s terrible storms, he wrought the iron will of kings, he cast the great jewels of mysterious treasure that all men seek. Such was his wont in life. 
When my repast was over, he ordered his wife, his everlasting love, Venus, to show me every indulgence which my situation required. To describe the apartment, and the couch on which I reposed, is utterly impossible. Therefore, I will not attempt it. It exceeds the power of language to do it justice, or speak of that kindhearted goddess in any terms equal to her merit.
All should have continued thus, with myself as humble guest to that god and attended by his goddess, but alas. Some busy tattlers who delight in mischief, whispered a tale in Vulcan’s ear, which roused in him a fit of jealousy not to be appeased. Without the least notice, he took me one morning to a chamber I had never before seen, at the center of which was a large, deep well. Over this he held me at arm’s length saying, “Ungrateful mortal, return to the world from whence you came!” and without giving me the least opportunity of reply, dropped me in the center. 
I then found myself descending with increasing speed until the horror of my mind deprived me of all reflection. When I shot out into the world again, I was splashing upward, into the air over a vast sea. Then I splashed back down and, seeing a coastline, swam for all I was worth.
CHAPTER XIV

I SAT OUT ONE evening with my telescope and a glass of brandy, endeavoring to sight the comet said in certain knowledgeable circles to pass very close to Earth. As it blazed by, I set out to chase it down, wondering in case it should crash. What you see and whom you meet on those kinds of excursions are to be managed with the greatest care. Fortune smiles only so often and one must be ready to tip their hat in reply.
Before long, I found myself on a forest path and espied a thin, stoop-shouldered man shuffling ahead of me, chains clanking from his ankles. Each was welded to a great ball, which must have weighed at least fifty pounds. 
I approached on the interrogative, the man explaining that half an hour previous, he had left Vienna, the former servant to a great lord. This was a thousand miles away. As his indomitable speed was no longer required of his master, he decided to moderate it with use of the weights. Making perfect sense to me, I wondered if he required a new situation. He answered in the affirmative and introduced himself as Benedict. We continued on. 
A few miles later, we encountered a fellow lying in a field of pink grass, his ear to the ground. For all the world, he appeared as though he were listening to voices, the dead, or perhaps the demons which they say inhabit the center of the world.
No, said he, but instead the sound of the pink, growing grass. Were his ears that fine? He said they were and the grass had much to say. Perhaps the colour had some measure of that conclusion, I do not know. Whatever the case, I could not forsake his service. He shook our hands by the name of Donato, and we continued on.
A mile later, perhaps more, we saw a man atop a lonely castle tower, all that remained in a land of wrecked ships and other detritus. He was adjusting a long rifle almost vertically into the sky. Upon inquiry, he confessed he was sighting a sparrow perched on a tree upon the Moon. Indeed, I brought him forth as one of my own and clapped him on the back at his acceptance. His name was Augustus and we continued on.
I do not know how long we all walked and certainly not where, but there was desert all about us and a man on the horizon had a mountain on his back. As we drew near, he slammed the mountain down with a grumble of thunder, appraised it a moment, and – seeming to find its placement less than satisfactory – lifted it back up and kept going. An entire mountain, mind you.
That he be brought into our cabal with anything less than the mightiest huzzahs and heartiest handshakes would have been blasphemy. That his name was Nigel gave us only a moment’s pause. And we continued on.
I do not know if it was the next day or the day after when we came upon Zaros, but we did. Rolling green hills were dotted with windmills, but it was no land of the Dutch. Talking flowers grew six feet tall and what turtles I saw had bright yellow shells. 
As we came up behind him, we watched the windmills spin furiously. At our approach, he turned with a finger to his nostril and said hello. The windmills stopped. When he turned back, they began their wild revolutions. He explained he did not have to blow from his nostril, but could do it from his mouth as well. He simply enjoyed the change of pace. 
We continued on.
CHAPTER XV

WHEN MY SERVANTS AND I found ourselves among the Sultan’s empire, there was little else but to accept his hospitality. It had been a long walk from our respective realms and as there was now peace in the land, I was more than happy to serve as representative of my nation. 
He feted us magnificently, food and wines the likes of which have never been seen. Or nearly so, for as upon a particular repast within his seraglio, I happened to mention a finer Tokay than that which we happened to be drinking. This did not go unnoticed. 
The Sultan roared that such a thing was not possible. There existed nowhere a finer wine than that which had just touched my lips, much less those of my servants, said he. I could see they were all enjoying the spirit but were certainly curious to know if there was indeed one better.
I assured them all there was. In fact, with pen and paper, I could guarantee the security of one such, and if I was wrong, within the hour, may the Sultan himself take my head. But, if I was correct and indeed, the wine I brought forth satisfied him to the utmost whereby he could admit his assertion that the quality of his own was in error, I might take a bit of his treasure.
A bit, said the Sultan, why, take all you like! All a man can carry! 
That had been my intention, but his exuberance had saved me the trouble of such verbal legerdemain as I had been about to exhibit.
Thus, I released Benedict from his chains and, note in hand, sped him off to Spain. Queen Theresa would see us though, or I was not the man I thought I was. Then the Sultan tipped an hourglass and the count began.
When half of it had passed, I grew curious. Three quarters, I was concerned. With two minutes left, my composure fell and I grasped Augustus by the lapels. With all haste, he made for the top of the courtyard wall and peered into the distance. There was the man himself, asleep two thousand miles away beneath a tree! But he had the bottle with him, thank heavens. Without a word, Augustus brought up his rifle and fired a shot. Nodding to himself, he assured me he had just blown enough acorns down on Benedict’s sleepy head to assure his imminent arrival. And with ten seconds left, my swift-footed friend did just that. 
So, the Sultan raised a glass and with no little hesitation, announced my victory. That he knew of Nigel’s strength was certain. That he knew I would load his entire treasure room upon my man’s back and give such a smile as I did, a gleam in my eye, should not have come as any surprise, either.
But it was and we fled the city with our heads low, rifles shattering every wall around us, bombards blasting up the streets. Donato listened for every shot to avert us, Zaros turned to blow back the hordes who rushed in behind. Augustus watched ahead for the best street to take, while Benedict ran off to pay our passage at the port. 
Those were the glorious days, with many more to come.
CHAPTER XVI

WE ALL REMEMBER THE illustrious Captain Phipps and his last voyage to the North Pole in 1773. Desirous of a break in my usual routine – and hoping to escape some of the Sultan’s more tenacious assassins – I accompanied the Captain as an old friend. 
When we arrived on shore, I was viewing the objects around me with a most excellent refracting telescope I’d brought from London. There, I saw two large, white bears about half a league away. As they moved to the other side of a ridge I gave chase, scrambling and slipping as I went. At the top, I espied them below and immediately began to calculate the value of their skins, for they were each as large as a well-fed ox. 
Unfortunately, at the very instant I was presenting my carbine for a shot, my foot slipped and I tumbled down smack on my back between them. I took my clasp knife out of a side-pocket and cut off the foot of one, then the ears of the other. They ran away, both dropping a moment later to the sharp report of my carbine. 
The noise of the shot roused several thousand of these beasts, who were asleep upon the ice in all directions. Their fur had obscured them from sight and to me, they had appeared as tufts of snow. As they closed in, a most fortunate thought began to form. I took off the skin and head of one of my trophies in half the time you might peel a rabbit, then wrapped myself, placing my own head directly its own. 
Soon, the whole herd came snuffling about and, taking me for a brother, attended to whatever ministrations were required upon waking. I found I could mimic their movements tolerably well, but at growling, roaring, and snarling they were quite my masters. However, I began to think I might turn their acceptance of me to my advantage.
I had heard an old army surgeon say a wound in the spine was instant death. Determined to try it, I stuck my knife in the one nearest me and killed him dead without the least noise. Nonchalantly then, I strolled about, demolishing them all in the same manner. And although others saw their companions fall, they had no suspicion. Perhaps they imagined these had gone back to sleep. 
To make short of the story, I hailed the ship’s crew and we set about skinning the corpses and carrying the meat on board, which was done in a few hours. As soon as we returned home I sent the hams around, in the captain’s name, to the Lords of Admiralty, the Treasury, some to the Lord Mayor, and each of the trading companies. 
The skins I sent to the Empress of Russia, to clothe her majesty and her court in the winter, for which she wrote me a letter of thanks with her own hand, and sent it by an ambassador extraordinare. She invited me to share the honors of her crown, but as I was never ambitious of royal dignity, I declined her majesty’s favor in the politest terms. 
Some people have since reported that Captain Phipps did not proceed as far as he might have on that expedition due to some measure of foolishness or ill-planning. To that I say, our ship was in a very proper trim till I loaded it with such an immense quantity of valuable meat and fur that it would have been madness to proceed further. 
I trust I have now acquitted him of any suspicion of wrongdoing.
CHAPTER XVII

A FAR STRANGER TRIP took place a few years later, at the behest of a distant relation who wished to sail for the South Seas. I agreed and called my servants to attend, knowing they would follow me anywhere. We arrived in that place without meeting anything remarkable, except some flying men and women dancing minuets in the air. More than once I forbade Augustus from shooting them.
A month later, after we had passed the Island of Otaheite, a hurricane blew our ship at least a thousand leagues into the air! It then arranged us, through crosswinds and sudden gusts, so that our sails stayed filled above the clouds for weeks. Soon, we came within the vicinity of the Moon.
Not having been able to explore the last time I was there (which happened to be thirty-five years to the day) I wondered what I might find or if – as so many have surmised – that nothing at all can live there anymore. We needn’t have worried. 
As we went on shore we found ourselves immediately confronted by huge, naked figures riding upon three-headed vultures of a prodigious size. These beings, called the Lunarians, were none of them less in stature than thirty-six feet. As they marched us to their king, they explained to us points of anatomy and culture at our request. 
All animals on the Moon are produced from trees of various sizes, they said. The fruit they produce are nuts or pods, with hard shells at least two yards long. When they become ripe, they are gathered with great care and animated by means of a large cauldron of boiling water, which opens the shells in a few hours, and out jumps the creature.
Nature forms their minds for different pursuits before they come into the world. From one shell comes forth a warrior, from another a philosopher, from a third a lawyer, etc., etc. and each of them immediately begins to perfect themselves by practicing what they before knew only in theory. 
They have but one finger upon each hand, with which they perform everything in a flawless manner. 
Their eyes they can take in and out of their heads when they please and can see as well with them in their hand as otherwise. And if by any accident they lose or damage one, they can borrow or purchase another. In this article alone all the inhabitants are whimsical: sometimes green and sometimes yellow eyes are the fashion. 
They do not lose time at their meals, as they open the left side of their torso and place the whole quantity at once in their stomach, then shut it again till the same day in the next month. All but gluttons and epicures must prefer this method to ours. They are not troubled with bowels, liver, heart, or any other intestines and as I mentioned, neither are they encumbered with clothes, and no part of their bodies is unseemly or indecent to exhibit.
Lastly, when those of rank or quality have an inclination to travel among the common people, they stay at home. That is, the body stays at home, and sends their head forth, which can be detached. And when at last they grow old they do not die, but turn into air and dissolve like smoke.
By then we had arrived at the palace and met the Moon King, who was at war with the Sun. He offered me a commission, but I declined the honour. I know these things appear strange, but if the shadow of a doubt can remain on any person’s mind, I say let him take a voyage there himself, and then he will know I am a traveller of veracity.
CHAPTER XVIII

IN JANUARY 1780, WITH my best days behind me, I decided to visit an old friend. Thus, I joined Rodney’s provision fleet to Gibraltar and called on General Elliot. After the usual joy which generally attends the meeting of brothers in arms, we stood atop the Moorish Castle and looked down upon the garrisons. I had brought my telescope, taking in the men crouched low before the Spanish forces, then those ships out to sea, ours and theirs, blasting back and forth. 
Suddenly, sighting a battery down by the shore, I found the enemy were going to discharge a thirty-six pounder right at us! By the General’s permission, I ordered a forty-eight pounder to be brought from a neighbouring battery, which I placed with great exactness on the castle ramparts. I continued watching the enemy till I saw the match placed at the touch-hole of their piece, then gave the signal for our gun to be fired in kind.
I am no mean hand with artillery, you see, as during my younger days when stationed in England, I had gained some experience. Once, while walking along our encampment in a powerful Sun, I felt fatigued. So I stepped into one of the cannon for shelter, where I fell fast asleep. Little did I realize an engagement was imminent as suddenly, I was blasted from the monster’s throat and into the air! Out over the encampment, out over the houses on the opposite side of the river and into a farmer’s yard. There, I fell upon a large hay-stack. I continued there in a sound sleep till I awoke in a marketplace. I had been pitched and baled! I ran away at the confusion of all, none the worse for wear. So, you can see how I knew a thing or two about cannons.
Therefore, on Gibraltar, our fired cannon shot its ball straight into the one coming from the Spanish battery. Their ball recoiled with such violence as to behead the man who had discharged it, along with sixteen other devils on its path along the Barbary Coast. Once there, it veered out and passed through the masts of several French vessels, then curved back inland toward Spain and so through the roof of a poor labourer’s hut. It then smashed out the teeth of an old woman asleep on her back, such that the ball lodged in her throat. When her husband came home, he was unable to extract it in the usual means, so employed a rammer to force it into her stomach. I understand she lived in that fashion for 40 more years without ill effects.
As for our own ball, it did excellent service as well. It not only repelled the other in the manner just described, but spun off to smash through the side of a dozen Spanish warships closing in, all of which immediately filled up and sank. This killed thousands of Spanish sailors and more than a few soldiers, if you can believe it. Which you certainly should, as this was a most extraordinary exploit.
CHAPTER XIX

AS I HAVE ALWAYS liked the English – who are beyond all doubt a brave people – I determined not to take my leave of the garrison at Gibraltar till I had rendered them (and all brave souls who battle tyranny) a final act of service. Soon, an opportunity presented itself. 
I’d got the idea that morning while at breakfast with General Elliot. We had just finished our eggs and ham and I was pouring us each a black coffee when a shell was fired into the apartment and lodged in the wall above our table. I took it up before it burst and hurled it out the window, where it entered the enemy’s camp and exploded a cluster of ammunition wagons. It was a glorious conflagration and on the spot, I took up my telescope and so began to count what enemy guns I could and where they were located. 
That night, I dressed myself in the cassock of a priest and at about one o’clock in the morning stole out of the garrison, passed the enemy’s lines, and arrived in the middle of their camp. There, I entered the tent of the Count d’Artois who sat at a table with the commander-in-chief and several other officers, in deep council over a plan to storm the garrison next morning. In my disguise they suffered me to continue there, hearing everything that passed, till they went to their several beds. 
I then began my work, which was that of dismounting all their cannon and throwing them three leagues into the sea. Having no assistance, I found this the hardest task I ever undertook. I then piled all the carriages together in the center of the camp, which, to prevent the noise of the wheels being heard, I carried in pairs under my arms. A noble appearance they made, as high at least as the rock of Gibraltar itself. I then struck a flintstone, and so set fire to the whole pile. Ah, I forgot to inform you. I also threw all their ammunition-wagons on the top!
All was ablaze in a moment. To prevent suspicion I was one of the first to express my surprise. The whole camp was petrified with astonishment but the general conclusion was that their sentinels had been bribed and that seven or eight regiments of the garrison had been employed in this horrid enterprise. Mr. Drinkwater in his account of this famous siege, mentions the enemy sustaining a great loss by a fire which happened in their camp, though he never knew the cause. And of course he could not, as it had never been divulged before now.
The Count d’Artois and all his attendants ran away in their fright, and never stopped on the road till they reached Paris, which they did in a fortnight. In fact, my dreadful conflagration had such an effect upon them that they were incapable of taking the least refreshment for three months.
Speaking of which, if any gentleman will say he doubts the truth of this story, I will fine him a gallon of brandy and make him drink it in one go.
CHAPTER XX

THE REST OF THIS is a dream that occurred last night, but I assure you, it happened. I was walking through a forest and observed an object in the distance, the ruins of an ancient temple. I approached it with admiration and astonishment and while I could not help lamenting the devastation of time, its traces of grandeur still remained. I entered and found the floor had collapsed. 
As I attempted to drop a pebble and ascertain the depth of the chasm, I heard a sound from within. Suddenly, a monstrous eagle rose up with irresistible force! Before I knew it, I was carried away on its shoulders. 
I grasped it round the neck and looked down in astonishment at the world below. We flew over Margate for some time, then along the Dover cliffs. Then over the Channel, which seemed no wider than the Thames itself. Soon, I was over France and the bird screamed loud enough to be heard around the world. The ground below appeared like any map where land, sea, lakes and the like are perfectly distinguishable. I saw the rock of Gibraltar very distinctly. 
As I contemplated this wonderful prospect, a dreadful howling arose and in a moment I was surrounded by thousands of deformed, frightful-looking creatures. They pressed me on all sides with the sound of cannons and thunder. 
I gripped the feathers of my mount and tore him aside, directing a new path. The sounds stopped and the ocean rolled below. We crossed South America and flew north over Mexico. All the lands I had heard of or seen. We made for the polar regions at the top of the world and I watched their whiteness gleam in the Sun. I lay along the eagle’s neck to keep warm. As I wondered if this could be my chance to discover the Northwest Passage, I was alarmed by the eagle striking its head against a cloud and spiraling toward the Earth, seemingly dead.
Instantly, I laid myself along the bird’s back, holding the underside of its wings in both hands with my legs stretched along the tail. This had the desired effect, and we glided to the tundra below. The roaring of waves, the clashing of ice surrounded us. I slid to the ground in painful anxiety, lamenting this creature was my only chance to be delivered from despair. I clutched myself to its breast and prayed for release. 
When I looked again, we were upon a wooded cliff. The Sun shone, the ocean burst below. Ships chuffed their sails in the distance. I leaped upon my mount and cried out as we ascended. I took no notice of the seas or lands over which we passed.
At the sight of a city below, I urged it downward. I could not be sure if I was home, but this did not matter. I would be received. As we descended, I felt myself sliding from its back. I tried to hold on, but the ground rushed up to greet me, and soon, I was stumbling across the cobbles. I was outside this very tavern. It was dark and I heard voices within. The bird cried out as it flew away.
I squared my shoulders and entered a welcome gust of smoke and laughter. I bought a bottle and sat. I told you this story. You paid the highest compliments to my courage and veracity.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Rudolf Erich Raspe was born 1736 in Hanover. After abandoning a promising academic and professional career, he embarked on a series of crimes, both literary and otherwise. He died in Ireland in 1794.
Supposedly.
