Percy’s Progress
The Cult of Following
Book One



Barbara Jaques



Editor: Moz Walls
Copy editor: Lydia Davis
Cover: Ed Knox
Formatting: Elizabeth Freeman




This is a work of fiction. While locations are real, events are not. Claims and opinions expressed are not those of the author. Reference to Singapore law is interpretation and should not be considered fact. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

First edition published January 2017
Copyright © 2017 Barbara Jaques
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 COUNTDOWN
Chapter 2 TO MAKE A CHANGE
Chapter 3 EXPOSURE
Chapter 4 SLIPPERY FOUNDATION
Chapter 5 A NICE DAY OUT
Chapter 6 GARDEN OF EDEN
Chapter 7 THE FIRST COMING
Chapter 8 NORMAN SULLIVAN
Chapter 9 MEETINGS
Chapter 10 NORM
Chapter 11 SOCIABILITY
Chapter 12 WHEN LOVE AND LUCK PART
Chapter 13 ALL CREATURES
Chapter 14 GREAT AND SMALL
Chapter 15 IDOL CONFESSION
Chapter 16 PULAU UBIN
Chapter 17 A REVELATION
Chapter 18 MACRITCHIE RESERVOIR PARK
Chapter 19 THE NORM
Chapter 20 THE GIFT
Chapter 21 THE MATTER OF WORDS
Chapter 22 CHANGI
Chapter 23 ART
Chapter 24 GLENEAGLES
Chapter 25 JOYANN TAN
Chapter 26 FLOCKING
Chapter 27 THE PASSION OF NORM
Chapter 28 KEEP AWAY FROM THE LIGHT
Chapter 29 A CHRISTMAS APART
Chapter 30 WITHOUT CAUTION
Chapter 31 THE RETURN OF JOYANN
Chapter 32 LETTERS

EPILOGUE
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
SPECIAL THANKS
Percy’s Progress
The Cult of Following
Book 1

Chapter 1
COUNTDOWN
‘So you’re going?’
Percy Field swilled his drink round and round, collecting miniscule bits of foam from the sides of the glass, making the most of the warm beer he so enjoyed. ‘Yes,’ he said.
His friend pressed him. ‘And it’s the right thing to do? You’re sure? Isn’t it full of snakes and malaria and other crap like that?’
‘No. Well, not malaria, anyway.’
‘So you’re just going, just like that? To a swamp.’
 ‘Just like that, to a first class city. It’ll be fine.’
‘So you’re sure it’s the right thing to do?’
Percy’s eyes lifted to meet the concerned gaze. He wanted to say, no, it’s the wrong thing to do, I am absolutely sure it’s the wrong thing to do. ‘Of course,’ is what came from his mouth. Tonight was not the night for sarcasm, not with Art. Tonight was for beer, companionship and peace.
‘But you hate travel, Fieldy.’
‘I don’t hate it. And it’s not travelling. It’s moving.’
‘Yes. Moving. To Singapore, for Christ’s sake! What if it doesn’t work out? You can’t just pop back here to cheer yourself up.’ There was a pause. ‘Well, you could.’
‘Yes I could.’
 ‘But not easily, or without spending a load of money.’
Releasing a long, steady sigh, Percy observed his friend. How he would miss Art. How he enjoyed these long evenings sampling craft ales and beers. Craft. It wasn’t even the correct term. They used it only because at some point in the distant past they had learned it was wrong, which meant using it became funny in some obscure way. This was not a replaceable friendship, but then, were any?
‘And Sal?’ Art persisted. ‘What does she think, now it’s really happening?’
Percy frowned. ‘Sal was happy enough to carry on as we were. But with her out there all the time, and me back here. It was making things tough. Not just the distance. The time difference. You know.’
‘So she wants to go? She’s choosing it? Her company isn’t forcing her hand?’
‘Maybe a bit. But yeah, she wants it. More than I do, anyway. It’s a step up for her.’
‘Visit, Fieldy. Be a tourist instead of an expat. Let her carry on with her travels and you stay in England. Just tag along every now and then.’
‘I can’t. I told you, we need to spend more time together.’
‘That would be more time together.’
‘Not enough.’
Conversation paused while they each drew a mouthful of beer, followed by the obligatory ahhh that comes with satisfaction.
‘So when did you check it out?’
‘Check what out?’
‘Singapore. To see if you like it.’
Percy slumped a little.
‘I knew it! You see! I told you so! You hate bloody travel. You haven’t even been to Singapore and you’re planning to live there. Who does something like that?’
‘Come on, Art. What’s the point of a trip like that? Sal and I need to be in the same place, so whatever I think of that place is irrelevant. It could be the fucking jungle and I’d go.’
‘It is the fucking jungle.’
‘You know what I mean.’
Art shrugged. ‘Another?’ He pointed at Percy’s now empty glass. 
Nodding, Percy shoved it towards him and watched Art take the few steps to the bar.
While Art leaned on the counter waiting to buy the next round, Percy rested back in his chair and looked about. There would be no pubs like this in Singapore. Sal had told him so. Maybe an Irish bar or two, but no real pubs. No dark brown furniture, questionable carpet, old panelled walls and studded bar stools, all made darker still in the dim orange light of wall lamps. But then, there weren’t many pubs like this left in England, either, so who cared. And anyway, he could come back and visit it sometimes. Couldn’t he? 
Percy wasn’t sure what he could and couldn’t do, once they had moved themselves across those thousands of miles. Sal had told him about perks and privileges, flights home and bonuses, but he hadn’t been listening, thinking only that he suddenly felt trapped. If Sal carried on as she was, travelling so frequently, or if she moved to Singapore alone, the marriage would end. It made Percy’s heart sink to think of it, and so did his lack of choice.
How many thousands of miles was it, he suddenly wondered? He looked it up on his phone and drew a sharp breath. Nearly seven. Phone pushed back into his pocket, he shook his head a little. One thousand or seven, it made no difference. And it could be a good thing, that distance. It might offer a different kind of space, one where he couldn’t accidentally bump into someone expecting him to stop and chat. Cities in general were great places to be by oneself while not actually being alone; a foreign city could only enhance this, he decided.
There would be people-watching, of course, which he enjoyed and was easy in a city. Sal had said as much, suggesting he could hide himself amongst the masses and observe life there. A solitary activity perhaps, but one that suited him for Percy was a man who enjoyed his own company, though truthfully when he was at home he enjoyed being alone less and less. These days the place seemed to creep with emptiness, a sort of isolation that touched on desolation. He knew it was to do with his marriage. He brightened at the thought of having this chance to fix it.
His gaze wandered across the sprinkling of patrons. Sal hated this pub, he mused, and he knew why. It wasn’t good enough for her, for more and more she enjoyed the finer things in life. Compared to Percy she was sophisticated, and from what he had heard, Singapore would suit her very nicely. For Sal, the pub didn’t contain anyone of worth. There were the annoyingly smiley bunch coming for the real ales and beers, and even Percy thought they were dull. But there was also Fat Malcolm, Young George, Big Geoff and Little Geoff, Pete, Mary, Scabby Edith and the bloke whose name none of them could ever remember; rarely all present at the same time as they were tonight, but always represented in some form or another. Percy rarely spoke with any of them, merely nodding and occasionally exchanging pleasantries, but unlike Sal he enjoyed the sight of them. Their presence brought with it a sense of reassurance and security. Home was a quiet place and here was often quiet too, of course, but home offered no security, only unease.
And there was Art. Art was like-minded. He and Percy could be as sour as they wanted to be, and neither man judged the other. They just laughed at one another, with one another. 
Percy caught Art’s eye as he turned from the bar, and smiled. With a large bag of crisps wedged under his arm, his friend returned and placed two brimming pints on the table, before tearing open the crisp packet into a makeshift platter. 
‘Got a big head on it.’ Percy remarked, indicating the beer.
Crunching a crisp, Art offered the name of this latest sample. ‘Dogg’s End.’
Percy took a mouthful, ‘Taste’s like it.’ After wiping the foam from his lips, he held out his glass. ‘A toast…’ 
‘A toast,’ Art repeated, unsmiling, ‘to the future.’
‘To the future. Will you come out?’ Percy asked.
‘To Singapore?’
‘No, Art, as gay. Yes, to Singapore.’
Art paused, and a smile grew. ‘Yeah. I think I might. When I have some money.’
‘Good.’ Percy cracked a smile of his own. ‘It’s going to be weird.’
‘Fucking weird,’ agreed Art. ‘But you’ll be all right.’
‘I know. I am looking on it as an opportunity.’
It was true, over the previous few weeks Percy had thought a lot about what he was leaving behind, and on realising that it amounted to his job, Art and some people he barely spoke to, decided that Singapore might offer something more. It didn’t mean he wasn’t sorry to be leaving England, nor did it much relieve the melancholy this coming change had provoked, but he recognised the worth in trying something fresh; something new in the light of something old staggering dangerously near demise.
For a few moments the men chose silence, drinking and eating companionably.
‘So when do you go?’ asked Art, once he had gathered the last tiny fragments of crisp on his fingertip.
‘End of the month.’
‘Shit! That soon?’
‘Yeah.’
‘What about your stuff?’
‘Some into storage; some will follow us out.’
‘Where will you live? Have you found a house, or a flat or whatever?’
‘Sal’s sorted something.’
‘And what about work? For you, I mean.’
Percy released the second long sigh of the evening. ‘I’ll be able to work. Not doing my actual job or anything, but it’s allowed.’
‘Allowed?’
‘Work. It didn’t used to be. Not for dependents.’
‘So what will you do?’
‘What would you do?’
Art shook his head, ‘Dunno. I’ve never been there. What is there to do?’
‘Exactly.’ Percy downed a huge draft of Dogg’s End, and once more his glass was empty. He pointed at Art’s, still a quarter full. With a wide mouth, Art finished what remained and passed it to Percy.
*
Percy had finally matched the position of the key with the keyhole, when the door ripped open.
‘You couldn’t make anymore noise, could you?’
‘Oh, hi Sal.’
‘You and Art had a good evening, I gather?’
Percy staggered in. ‘Not bad. You?’
His wife closed the door and turned to the piles of stuff covering the floor and any other available surface.
‘What’s this?’ Percy asked, slurring a little and following his wife, before carelessly emptying a chair and sitting down. He ignored her astonished stare.
‘Sorting,’ she said, lowering herself to the floor. ‘We don’t have long before the packers come, and I don’t want to store a load of crap anymore than I want to take it with us.’ She tossed a tee shirt at Percy. ‘Take, store, or charity?’
Percy picked it off his chest, and held it up. ‘Ah! I love this. Where did you find it?’
‘The back of a drawer, with the programme.’
‘Brilliant concert, that one. What a man!’
‘So? 
‘Huh?’
‘Take, store or charity?’
‘Keep it.’
‘Percy! Take it or store it?’
‘Uh. Take. I’ll need a tee shirt.’
‘Why don’t you go to bed?’
‘You don’t want a hand?’ Percy clutched the shirt as if it might throw itself into the ominous black bin liner Sal was filling. Worse, the rubbish bin next to it.
She smiled a pissed off smile. ‘No. It’s late. I’ll be finishing up for tonight soon, in any case.’
‘It doesn’t seem fair that you have to do all the sorting yourself, Sal.’
‘No, it doesn’t seem fair, Percy, does it.’
He felt himself sober a little. ‘You okay? You still want to do this?’
Sitting crossed legged on the carpet, surrounded by their things, Percy’s wife pushed away a rolling tear with the back of her hand.
‘Sal?’
She shook her head, and waved him away, though he hadn’t been preparing to stand and comfort her. ‘Of course,’ she said. ‘A fresh start is what we need. We agreed, didn’t we?’
Percy stared at her. She so often looked hard these days, with a dismissive air. But tonight, there on the floor, looking small, she reminded him of when they first met: her, an ology student, a lively creature passionate about anything and everything, especially him, loving him for the man he was; no pretentions for either. Him, a young man of craft and skill, a genius with wood, absolutely besotted by her, by that beautiful physical form, the flashy smile and intelligence. In that order.
‘I still want you, you know,’ he said. ‘Want us.’
‘I know.’
He waited.
‘Me too,’ she added. 
Chapter 2
TO MAKE A CHANGE
After six weeks of doing virtually nothing, Percy Field realised he was not cut out to be a househusband. He knew he was not the only one in existence, particularly in a country like Singapore; there were many, since women seemed now to hold all the cards. He did not miss the daily grind of getting out of bed and travelling through the grey misery of rush hour to reach the peaceful place of work he loved so much. But the stimulation of like-minded companions – more precisely, Art – was another matter. Although Percy knew himself to be introverted and understood that his personality fell on the slightly miserable side of morose, he’d always felt that other sour souls made for interesting conversation. It was one thing to think a thought, but what use was a thought not shared? Somehow, nearly seven thousand miles from home, the single redeeming feature of a new life he did not choose and did not want, was not the self-indulgent pillow he hoped it would be. This new form of seclusion was not working out, and he was fed-up. 
In the awful drawn out weeks before leaving England, determinedly focussing on the joyous prospect of being conveniently inaccessible to all, he had forgotten his need for others. Inaccessible to all was not what he had wanted. What he’d wanted, if he’d stopped and thought about it, was inaccessible to most. Yes, he planned to email Art and no doubt Art would email him, but it wasn’t the same as griping over a pint.
He had come to realise there was only so much coffee a person could drink alone, only so many beers it was possible to sink without sharing idle comments. Only so many temples, shopping malls, districts and museums one could wander without a foil for cynical remarks. Sal was working long hours, and quiet days drifted into quieter evenings and often into lonely nights. By the time the weekend finally arrived, Sal was usually too tired to leave the house, or she went back to the office. It was, indeed, a solitary existence. So he decided to concentrate on his new country, and Percy had to admit that despite his best efforts not to like it, the coffee, at least, was good in Singapore. 
Within the space of a relatively short time, he stopped hiding away in the cold inner sanctum of his favourite café, The Bean, and sat as others did, outside, where the sound of traffic mingled with the whooping call of the resident koel. He was extremely uncomfortable in the constant warmth and suffered it because, in a way, that sticky air brought with it a little happiness. It gave him something specific to feel cross about, at a time when his usual, more generalised irritation was proving a little hard to direct. Had the coffee been poor, he might have stayed indoors and moaned about that instead. 
Even as the fortunate child of delightful older parents, Percy had always looked about himself for fault. Endlessly tolerant, they had been generous people supporting him in everyway they could, latterly so he might move out and set-up home on his own. Both long dead, he’d thought of them little over the years, but the sound of the koel brought to mind his mother, and her shrill greeting. It was a shame they were not alive to come and visit, he thought.
Percy was a morning man, and the morning faces at The Bean changed little. A woman of Indian appearance and indefinable age, with short, straight, orangey hair, almost the same mid brown as her skin, was always there by nine, piercings adorning nose and eyebrows, tattoos decorating her ankles and arms. She never spoke. She sat, read, drank and left. Two forty-something women whom Percy decided were Australian, also regularly met at nine, wearing what appeared to be evening attire with sunglasses arranged like tiaras on a coiffure bed, jewellery dripping, nails gleaming, much talk of school and babies and maids. Three other regulars at The Bean looked Chinese-Singaporean, one woman and two men, and they always shared a good breakfast and a good joke, laughing cheerily. The order of their words sometimes made it hard for Percy to understand as he eavesdropped, especially so given the thick accent, but it was English they spoke. Sal suspected it was something the locals called Singlish but neither could decide if the term was considered derogatory or not. Sal said she would ask someone.
There were also less frequent regulars. Every few days, at ten o’clock, an English woman dragged in a sweaty pink toddler and a stringy baby for a cold drink. She was not groomed to perfection as the women around her, and Percy discussed this with Sal, for he had little else to talk about other than the people he watched each day. He and Sal had to talk about something, Percy felt, for if they sat in silence they might as well be back in England.
The all-knowing wife, or Oracles as Percy liked to call her in deference to her developed figure, declared the woman to be a newcomer, a reluctant expat also resisting employing domestic help. Sal seemed to have many friends, too many considering she worked all the time. Percy couldn’t imagine how she found the time to talk, if she was indeed as busy as she claimed. But whoever these people were, they were a useful source of information and fed Sal’s appetite for local knowledge. Lots of expats initially resist domestic help, she claimed, especially Brits, because the days of feeling comfortable with servitude ended generations ago. Give her time, Sal declared, and she’ll look just like the two Aussies and the two brats will be nowhere to be seen.
Sometimes, if he could find nothing better to do, Percy returned to the café in the afternoon, when the tables of The Bean filled with school children, huge groups pouring in and ignoring the little notices requesting No Studying. When first he saw these small gold and black signs propped up in every café, he couldn’t help but smile at the irony of it. Around the table, and therefore around the sign, a sea of students gathered, laptops open, books strewn, papers everywhere, heads bowed, discussion focussed. The one rule these inherently obedient children ignored was broken only so they could study, and do so in comfort. Percy had never seen anyone ask them to stop. He imagined putting the same sign on tables in British cafés. People would be unsure of the meaning, he decided. No Studying? What does this mean, No Studying? No Studying the sign itself? Or would they think it a statement, perhaps the beginnings of a revolt, a middle class flyer advertising coming change: a riot of literary proportions. 
Percy was a man who liked to think, and he pondered whether it was, in fact, these local children who might cause a riot. Were they indicating, however subtly, that the safe autocracy of Singapore was housing not compliance but rebellion? He wished he had Art to talk it over with. Sal, of course, would chat, but in an increasingly dismissive way that left no room for exploration, always pushing forward an immediate answer as if that was all he wanted; he was the idiot, she the wise-woman. He watched her sometimes, when she was sitting with him in their new marble clad house, laptop fizzing with work, and wondered if she still loved him. He loved her, but they seemed to have passed the point of saying it. He supposed this happened to everyone.
Wherever Percy went, at whatever time of day, there were maids. He watched them as they squatted on the ground texting, sometimes playing with children in their charge, or eating, talking, laughing, occasionally just staring soulfully at some unseen thing; perhaps the memory of a place they would rather be. He and Sal could find no justification for having anyone live in, instead employing a Filipino cleaner on a part-time basis. Instantly, Percy found her terrifying. It was a sensation that unsettled him on two levels; firstly the fear itself, and secondly the idea of this fear, since he was not accustomed to feeling afraid. He soon realised he wasn’t alone. Mila was the big feather duster amongst domestic help, he discovered, which would account for why someone else was always cleaning the house while she barely moved from the comfort of the ironing board. He had been meaning to talk to her about this other woman, to ask how legitimate it was for there to be someone else working in the house. Mila herself, he knew, was an official part-timer, a person with Permanent Residency, and so free from the restrictions placed upon immigrant workers. He feared the extra helper was not. He was sure she was someone else’s maid earning cash on the side. It was illegal. He wanted to ask. But Mila had the biggest face and the scariest expression he had ever encountered in a woman, and so could never find the courage. He would have asked Sal to speak with her, but she was never there. 
It was in The Bean, pondering an absent looking Filipino maid cradling a baby whilst her employer talked with friends, that Percy realised it was time to snap out of the dreary trance he’d been suffering from the start. Watching others live their lives was not enough, not by a long measure. The exact moment of revelation occurred after one of the Chinese-Singaporean breakfast trio spoke to him, startling him into an English-fop stutter. Maybe it was because he had not spoken for such a long time that his vocal chords were caught off guard, or perhaps he was simply habituated to invisibility; he hadn’t realised just how unnoticed he would be in Singapore. Either way, Percy’s responses were numbed.
‘Good morning,’ one of the men had said, as the other man and the woman passed him by, smiling and nodding sharply.
It was casual and quick, and since the owner of the nicety was in the process of leaving the café, it required nothing more than an echoing of the words. But by the time Percy’s pale plain face had folded into something close to a smile, and his voice had cranked back into life, they had gone. He felt ashamed. There had to be more to him than this.
*
When Sal heard Percy’s proposal at dinner that night, she laughed loudly. Whilst he was growing used to this increasingly superior attitude – a manner rooted in England and here sprouting freely – tonight for Percy it inferred something. It suggested that he shared her view, and this he didn’t like, because it implied that he had therefore spoken merely to encourage reaction for the sake of a little evening chatter. It made him feel small. When finally Sal realised he was serious, she put down her forkful of steamed rice and stared at him, bright eyes wide in disbelief, mouth gaping.
‘Not a good look,’ Percy remarked, ‘like a palsied fish.’ It was a risky comment, since her mouth was quite narrow and her lips very full.
‘You. You? Join a club!’ She frowned, nose wrinkling. ‘You?’ Sal shook her blonde hair away from her face in a way that irritated him, though he recalled he normally liked it. ‘I mean, by all means do it. You should get out there and meet people. But you?’
He stabbed several spicy fried prawns to make one huge mouthful. ‘Not a club,’ he said, words muffled, ‘just some kind of...’ 
‘…club,’ Sal finished. ‘Don’t eat like that, Percy.’
‘No, Sal. Not a club. Just… something. I’m not sure what yet.’ He again began gathering prawns.
Sal chuckled quietly to herself.
‘You may mock,’ said Percy. ‘But if you saw as many lone men wandering around Singapore as I do, either entirely alone or with one or two of those… things in tow… ’
‘Children?’
‘Exactly. One of those things in tow, then you’d understand. There must be something for me to join. I’ve seen one advert for a men’s cycling group already.’
Sal stared.
‘…And I am not joining it, though of course I do enjoy cycling.’
‘To the pub.’
‘But it makes me think there has to be other stuff going on here; you know, for men. I just don’t know what.’
‘There aren’t that many househusbands here, Percy.’
He threw a reproachful glance.
‘What else would you call yourself? Women have been housewives forever and a day.’ She smiled at him. ‘Househusband.’
‘Whatever.’
‘So how will you find this… this thing of yours?’
‘Not sure yet.’
‘There are notice boards in the supermarkets, have you tried any?’ Sal’s head jerked from side to side, as if each eye might get a better view of Percy if the angle changed.
‘Now you look like a demented sheep dog.’ The prawns went in.
‘Answer the question. How will you find out about these people, if they exist? What’s your plan? Tell me your strategy.’
He looked at her. Who was she becoming? ‘I’m not a project, Sal. I don’t know yet, I told you. But I want it to be exclusive, something made up of a small selection of men I approve of. The sort of people I might happen across in my wanderings. Men like Art.’
‘A more widely used description of this phenomenon is friends, Percy.’
With a frown, Percy returned focus to his plate.
After a short pause, Sal spoke. ‘Listen,’ she said, softly, ‘I want you to be happy here. Whatever you want to do is fine by me. Why not look for a job?’
Percy threw down his cutlery and stared. He had looked for work, albeit half-heartedly. But training to give museum tours for other expats didn’t appeal, and nothing else seemed immediately possible. He didn’t want to tell her he’d been looking, in case she joined the hunt. ‘I will start researching in earnest on Monday,’ he said. ‘It’s a good day. One of my favourites.’ Percy made a habit of finding satisfaction in those things others found depressing, such as Monday, January and sorting socks.
His wife gave no response. Instead her eyes followed the progress of a young gecko as it scurried across the wall in overly ambitious pursuit of a much larger moth. She sighed. ‘Well, do whatever you want. I’m glad you want to meet people. I don’t know how you bear being alone all the time. I know it’s you… who you are… but I couldn’t do it.’
‘It’s not the company, Sal. It’s only that I would like to hold a decent conversation every now and then.’ Like I did with Art, he added, mentally.
‘Thanks very much.’
‘You’re welcome.’ He smiled. ‘Dessert?’
‘Yes please. And however offensive your comment, I can see how you might need to talk to more people than just me, although of course I am amazing.’
Percy eyes flashed a glance. There she was. Old Sal. He smiled.
 A thought drifted across her face. ‘Those students you talked about earlier. You know why those kids are the way they are, why they study so hard all the time, don’t you? Their parents drive them because seventy percent of jobs here are with the government, and to get one you need a degree, and the better the degree the better the department and pay.’
‘Oracles, I love you.’ Percy winked as he spoke, not rising from the table to get dessert, but sitting fast.
‘However much you are in need of it, I’m not trying to educate you. I was using it as an example of lunchtime chat at work, of my “decent conversation”, as you put it; everything from politics to chewing gum on the MRT to strokes of the cane for inadvertently stroking bums. All sorts of topics, and exactly what you need in your life.’
Percy leaned back in his chair, and rested his eyes.
‘On Friday,’ Sal continued, ‘a guy was moaning that he couldn’t sell his wife’s car because apparently you can’t sell new cars for six months after buying them. Can you believe he even wants to? Changed her mind about the colour and the finish of the interior, apparently. Something like that, anyway. Never mind the fact that cars cost so much; at least three times as much in Singapore as at home, and you have to pay tens of thousands of extra dollars just for the privilege of owning one. Certificate of ownership, it’s called. Shocking. I find out all sorts of things at lunchtime. They’re a good crowd, and maybe you’ll soon have some good friends too, with this idea of yours.’
‘Hmmm.’ Percy sounded disinterested because he was not really listening anymore, for Sal’s speech had been a little too long. 
‘They are Percy, trust me, they’re really nice people.’
 These few additional words drew Percy’s attention back with a start. He sensed something sinister afoot. He tested the water, ‘Thank God I won’t have to meet any of them.’
Sal hesitated before replying, ‘Actually, Percy, I wanted to talk to you about that…’ She stood up and began to clear the plates.
‘No.’
‘Come on, Percy, it won’t kill you.’
‘True, but I might kill them.’
His wife sighed, ‘One evening and not at someone’s house… we’re eating out.’
‘Well, that’s something I suppose.’
‘You said yourself you would like to meet people.’
‘Not what I said or what I meant, and you know it.’
‘They’ve booked a great restaurant. I need you to come and I need you on your best behaviour. No sarky remarks. Do it for me, Percy. They’re a good bunch, honestly. Everyone is bringing their other half. We’re sort of obliged to do these things, you know.’
‘When is it?’
‘Tomorrow.’
‘Sal! Sunday?’
‘At least it’s kind of a work night, so it won’t be a late one. You can still have your bedtime drink and story.’
Reluctantly, Percy agreed to do the single thing he most hated, which was to socialise with people Sal knew and that he didn’t, in a situation he couldn’t easily escape. Worse, Sal never seemed to be herself in these more formal circumstances. She wasn’t exactly fawning, but was certainly overly nice to people Percy considered nothing more than idiots. 

Chapter 3
EXPOSURE
That night, the tropical air was thick and clinging. Percy wiped away the circles of damp ringing the sockets of his eyes since morning, thinking it remarkable that he should be expected to sleep in what was little better than a sauna. By the flick of a single switch, and maybe the slight fiddle of another, he could transform the atmosphere from suffocating invisible blanket to one of cool luxury. Was it realistic, he wondered, for his wife to expect him to follow her whimsical and suspiciously random efforts to wage a one-woman war against global warming? What would a solitary air-conditioning unit do, exactly, in terms of tipping the balance one way or another? Send the world into oblivion? Was it possible that this was the one thing experts had carelessly overlooked? Polar bears could blame their likely demise on the single electrical convenience that might help them lead a more comfortable life, once the world had finally melted into a warm bath.
Twenty-eight degrees and nearing one hundred percent humidity; even the worst of British summer could not touch it, and she expected him to sleep in it. He reflected that the day had been no better, a steady thirty-one, humid and still. Every single day, the radio announcer cheerily declared that it was to be thirty-one degrees, a beautiful day, get out there and enjoy it. But Percy knew from the temperature gauge propped up on the balcony that it was actually more like thirty-four degrees on many of those days, feeling like thirty-eight. He decided that no matter what the actual temperature, the official line would always be thirty-one. He knew nowhere could be the same temperature quite so consistently, not even this near the equator, so he assumed the occasional declaration of thirty-two degrees was not for variety but for the sake of authenticity. Naturally, it was never any hotter. That might provide people with something to moan about. And coming from a country obsessed with the weather, where pleasantries on the subject were ingrained, Percy decided the Singapore government were forward thinking. Also, visitors might choose not to come. He, for one, would not have agreed to come if so much wasn’t at stake.
Percy lay on the bed, sticky and irritable, until his wife came in and casually switched on the ceiling fan. 
‘Aren’t you hot?’ She disappeared into the bathroom.
 It was absurd, but he had forgotten the fan. Stretched out on the bed, Percy enjoyed the newly rippling air, although it was not as nice as the icy chill of air-conditioning. The few days they had spent in a hotel when first in Singapore had been bliss, like living in a luxury ice-box, for however many times Sal turned off the air conditioning the hotel staff switched it right back on again. If Heaven really existed, Percy felt sure it must be fully air-conditioned, and if it was so, then that afternoon he had seen God’s opposite number crossing Orchard Road, for only the Devil himself could cope with it. Dressed entirely in black, wrapped up in jeans, a jumper, quilted body warmer and thick trainers, a hat covering his horns, he looked unnaturally comfortable.
Percy gazed out into the darkness, at the crescent moon slung low and lopsided in a cartoon smile, wondering why even this solid constant should refuse to be as it was back home. The long soft curtains framing the window lifted and swelled in the breeze; night flying insects, Sal decreed, were not a problem, and indeed they were not for her. Percy, on the other hand, spent his nights swatting and scratching, his days covered in itchy red bumps.
He stared as the thin curtains lifted higher, considering with sudden interest what he was seeing: a breeze. Yes, it was a breeze. Air appeared to be shifting in a country where his wife already felt settled simply because she could go out in the evening and retain the exact hairstyle she’d left the house with, or at least, a fuzzy version of it. He was sure not a breath of air had moved since they’d arrived. A person practically had to walk in a swerving motion to find enough unused oxygen to gasp in. But that sweeping statement of thought was not quite true, he suddenly remembered. Soon after moving into the house, he and Sal had marvelled at the dead leaves lifting high above the dense forest of trees opposite the house, sucked up into the sky, bright yellow confetti sharp against black cloud. Within moments, branches cracked and fell as the wind passed through like the blast of a giant hairdryer. Then clouds had begun to throw down warm raindrops, each seeming large enough to support life. Open mouthed, they had watched in awe, the sudden intensity of it astonishing them both. What they should have been doing was closing doors and windows, because propped up pictures fell over and paperwork scattered, tossed into a jumble on that brief flash of current.
‘Sal, storm’s coming!’ he called, leaping to his feet, ‘shall I shut some windows?’ 
At that moment, a bright burst of light and simultaneous crash of thunder descended. Calmly, Percy’s wife poked her head around the bathroom door. Grinning, her bronzed face accentuated her gleaming white teeth. ‘That was close. Maybe a good storm will cool things off.’
Yes, it might. For about three minutes, Percy thought, heart racing from the fright. Then they would be steamed alive as hot air reclaimed lost moisture, much of it from his body. Had Sal observed nothing about the climate here, he wondered.
Naked, he pottered off to batten down the hatches. Only in Singapore, only in a community surrounded by fencing, gates and a barrier, only seasoned with insects whilst being roasted alive, would anyone leave an entire house wide open to the night, he thought. 
Theirs was a four-storey town house. In the centre, a single dogleg wooden staircase connected the floors, beginning at car park level in a basement room intended for live-in help. Here was also a bomb shelter that smelled so musty and damp Percy determined early on he’d rather take his chances above ground. The stairs passed up through an open-plan living space, to the third and fourth floors, each containing two bedrooms. But rather than provide an airy uplift that might freshen these spaces, the stairwell carried only sound. Also, without air-conditioning, moisture became trapped, the wooden treads turning green with mould if not regularly wiped down. Percy was grateful the open windows were all on the same level, for moving up or down more than one level at a time always made him sweaty.
With everything in the house secured against the elements, a hot Percy returned to bed, where he propped up a pillow and picked up a book, nerves still jangling from the thunder, generally on edge waiting for the next bang. Sal wandered in and pushed back the gauzy curtains fully, so they could both watch the storm. 
‘Cosy... in a way.’ She smiled.
Percy ignored her, choosing instead to rearrange his manhood in an effort to achieve optimum cooling from the fan, giving the area a quick rub to settle an itch.
‘The curtains are open, Percy. People can see you.’
He barely shrugged, and carried on reading. A loud boom cracked overhead, supported now by the constant roar from the far edge of the storm, as it rolled in from Malaysia. Almost immediately a third, jarring crackle tore through the sky. Sal watched and listened, and as the storm slowly shifted position so the first heavy drops of rain began to fall. Before long, they needed to shout to be heard.
‘A flat roof?’ bellowed Percy, ‘I mean why, in a country like this? Who in their right mind would do it?’
Sal’s grin widened. ‘You are such an old grump at times. It’s fantastic, so… so… I dunno… just loud. Like being in a tent. You must like the storms, just a bit? I love them.’
Percy gave her a long look, and then allowed a small smile to occupy his mouth. ‘Maybe I do. Care to take advantage of the cooler air while it lasts?’ Three minutes should be enough, he thought, with a degree of regret.
But Sal seemed not to hear.
*
In the morning, Percy glugged iced water whilst Sal sipped hot English breakfast tea, a drink that in the warm saturated atmosphere gave off no steam. He studied her, fascinated by her body’s complete denial of the heat enveloping them. Her face was calm and passive, bearing not a single bead of sweat, unlike Percy’s own, grizzled, phizog so liberally decorated with glassy drops. It was better than it had been, he conceded as he thought, better than the even sheet of moisture he had worn that very first week Sal forced him to survive beyond the cool sanctuary of the hotel.
The day had broken much cooler than either had yet known it could be, but even so, the relief of a post-storm morning was disappearing. Rapidly building up was the standard stifling shroud that Percy often claimed justified his irritability.
‘Nice this morning. But getting hot again, isn’t it?’ remarked Sal, not raising her eyes from the newspaper but clearly sensing his attention.
‘That tea won’t help.’
She laughed, ‘I suppose not.’ Her focus returned to the newspaper, her lips to the mug she cradled.
‘Anything interesting?’ Percy nodded at the paper.
‘Local paper. All good news.’ 
The basement doorbell sounded and Percy stood up, drink in hand. As if the glass itself were just a physical manifestation of soggy air, loaded droplets of condensation dribbled and soaked his fingers, along with the front of his pale brown shorts.
‘Jesus! What is it with this place? Everything drips. It’s driving me mad. There is more water on the outside of this glass than in it. Maybe it has a hole in it? A crack?’
‘It’s condensation, Percy.’
‘I know what it is. Thank you. But in England all the liquid is inside the glass, which is far more civilised.’
‘Can liquid be civilised?’
‘Yes.’
‘My tea doesn’t drip,’ she replied. 
Ignoring her, Percy went off to see who it was, and when he opened the door a security guard in a crisp white shirt and long black trousers grinned and nodded in greeting. The guard was clearly on business, and equally clear was the fact that he did not understand the sanctity of a Field Sunday morning, thought Percy.
Percy felt uneasy living in close proximity to other people, and passing through a guarded barrier each time he came and went made him feel he had lost something of himself. He had not expected compound living to feel this way, though what he had expected was unclear to him. Reluctantly greeting gardeners, trying to ignore maintenance men, vaguely acknowledging neighbours, avoiding certain foreign workers as they loudly urged up phlegm to spit into the bushes – which he knew was illegal – all made him decidedly uncomfortable. And going anywhere before lunch where local people might greet him was an equally unnerving prospect, for he could not decide what to say when asked if he had his breakfast yet. What did it mean, have you had your breakfast yet? Surely they didn’t actually want to know? But today he would welcome the question, for today he felt able to provide a particularly comprehensive answer. The guard, however, stood in grinning silence.
With difficulty Percy raised a reciprocal smile, ‘Good morning, can I help you?’
‘Good morning, Sir.’ The guard allowed his eyes to travel the length of Percy, and Percy noticed that his gaze hovered shamelessly over the dark marks of moisture on his shorts, observing and assessing. Shifting his eyes to meet Percy’s, bright white smile still firmly in place, the guard continued, ‘Sir, a neighbour see you naked.’ He laughed sheepishly and shook his head, ‘Cannot.’
Percy stared. ‘Cannot what?’
‘Cannot be naked, sir. So sorry.’
‘My neighbour cannot be naked?’ Percy’s pale blue eyes became round.
The guard laughed a little harder, ‘No, no. You. You cannot. Must cover up or close up,’ he imitated the shutting of curtains. ‘So sorry, lah.’
‘But why were they looking?’ Percy’s irritation sounded.
The guard shook his head again, ‘Not me… Singapore law… lady complain.’ His expression altered to one of a man sharing a confidence. ‘Chinese lady...’ He screwed up his nose a little, shook his head dismissively, and waved a hand in the vague direction of the woman’s house. ‘And no touchy. Okay?’
Percy was confused, ‘Not naked? In my own house?’
‘Cannot. Naked only if no one see. Up to you to not be seen. Next time she will report you to the police. So sorry, sir. Enjoy your day, lah.’
The guard wandered off chuckling, and Percy returned to his wife.
He guessed from the wide smile and tears that she had heard it all. ‘Can you believe it? Some peeping-tom violates me and then threatens to call the police.’ 
‘Nobody has violated you, Percy. I told you to cover up.’
‘You didn’t.’
‘I implied that you should.’ 
‘And what did he mean Chinese lady? Saying it that way. Bit racist isn’t it? I thought it was illegal here. I thought everything was illegal.’
‘Have you read none of the stuff I gave you, Percy, because you spend your whole time acting like you’ve landed on the moon. He wasn’t being racist, not really; at least, not like you think. I know that guard. He’s Singaporean, Indian-Singaporean. People here aren’t easily upset by what you and I might view as racism, because… well… because so many people have different backgrounds. Mixed backgrounds. They’re used to difference. You wouldn’t think anything of using the words African American, would you?’
‘You’re being patronising, Sal,’ he said. ‘To me and to them.’
‘I really don’t see how. I’m just trying to explain something to you. The fact is that it’s not the same here as it is at home; people don’t generally feel sensitive, so naturally they aren’t inhibited when they speak. I expect your peeping-tom has her own views about him. And imagine what she thinks about Caucasian men now. She’s probably terrified, poor woman.’
‘Still sounds like racism to me.’
‘Maybe. But it is not the same as at home. I suppose what I am saying is that it’s not divisive. In fact, in some senses, it’s unifying. Think of all the celebrations they share.’
Percy paused thoughtfully, before responding, ‘I suppose it must have been quite a shock, you know, a sight to behold and all that. A lot to take on, so to speak.’
‘What?’
‘That lady. What she saw.’
‘Really?’ Sal folded up the newspaper and sighed. ‘I feel like going out for breakfast. And you might want to change your shorts.’ She raised her eyebrows in warning, ‘And stop doing that chin-jutting-nodding-dog thing, you don’t look like a man with a big penis, just like a man acting as if he were one.’
‘Just because someone appreciates my attributes.’
‘She complained that you were naked, Percy, she didn’t report you because you own something dangerous that should be muzzled.’
‘Ah, but it made her think.’
‘Are you going to change, or do you want everyone thinking you peed yourself?’
Percy began undoing his shorts as he went up the stairs, ‘I am telling you this from the start, Sal. If we’re going out then you can order. I can’t understand what anyone is saying. No one speaks proper English.’
‘That is a lie, Percy Field. And now who is being racist? Almost everyone you meet speaks English, it’s just a different accent, that’s all. Listen harder. You expect everyone to understand you, and I bet your accent makes it difficult for them.’
‘How can listening to a language enunciated as it should be, be difficult? It’s English Sal, and I am English. That makes anything I say correct.’
‘Apart from everything you just said, of course. And I don’t know about being English, but you certainly can be an ass. Hurry up. We can walk down.’
‘Walk? In this heat?’ Now changed, Percy zipped up as he descended the stairs.
‘It’s not that hot.’
‘Not to you maybe, but you’re not human. And it will be roasting by the time we come back.’
‘We can go swimming when we come back.’
For Percy, the novelty of having an outdoor swimming pool often filled with bikini-clad women had not yet worn off. In fact, it was the one thing keeping him from becoming insane with heat exhaustion. And so he agreed to walk, feeling like the ever-busy Sal might be enjoying his company again.
Chapter 4
SLIPPERY FOUNDATION
The dinner began as Percy expected, with unsettling greetings and forced interest, but it was soon clear they would be enjoying a good meal at what Sal had described as a fusion-Asian restaurant. Positioned overlooking the river at Boat Quay, which was once the busiest part of the old port of Singapore before reinvention as a place to relax, it held an easy atmosphere. Backed by brightly lit skyscrapers, ornate buildings and illuminated bridges, the vibrant wealth of the city was obvious, yet all cast a tranquil reflection upon the still black waters. The tropical night soothed the air with a balmy peacefulness, and even Percy was forced to agree it was a lovely place to be and the perfect time to be there. At first, he managed to avoid conversing with most guests, cocooned by the appearance of a man daydreaming. That was, until the illusion was breached. 
A woman spoke to him, his immediate neighbour, and he was foolish enough to look at her and nod, though he didn’t know what it was he was agreeing with.
This particular woman seemed determined to speak with him, and by excusing himself and heading to the bathroom, Percy expected the sparks of conversation to be stamped out. It was a tried and tested method of escape, allowing time for the offender to refocus and move on, or for the more persistent to draw their own conclusions as to why, each time they tried to be sociable, Percy ran away. She was just such a pushy woman.
Sal was sitting at the other end of the long table, almost opposite, but too far away to understand what was happening. She was giving him concerned looks; presumably because it was the fourth time he had made the round trip. He nodded to her as he retook his seat, as if to convey that he was fine. He wasn’t fine, but she wouldn’t want to know that he’d prefer to leave; that he hated all this idle, mindless chatter with people he didn’t know.
But yet again, Percy’s unwavering assailant failed to take the hint, having once more waited for his return so she could pick up where she had left off. An already primed Percy was ripe for explosion. Conversation with the likes of Art was one thing, enforced tittle-tattle with people less interesting than dead algae, quite another.
‘So, are you enjoying Singapore?’ asked the relentless neighbour, hair flowing, Maxi dress tight and low so her breasts were sufficiently bulging; blue eyes made up with sparkles, thick foundation slipping in the heat. ‘I always think of it as Asia for beginners,’ she continued, not waiting for Percy to answer. 
It was not the first time she had said it. Aside from disturbing the pleasure of good food, it was this idea she was so keen to share that had Percy riled. He couldn’t go to the bathroom again; there was no point, evasion wasn’t working. Skin crawled beneath his shirt as the woman glanced about her. 
‘Don’t you think,’ she appealed, ‘that it is? Isn’t it? It’s Asia for beginners.’ 
‘I think,’ Percy said, without any hint of feeling, ‘that is a rather patronising view.’
The neighbour was clearly shocked. Her painted mouth peeled open, while her eyes darted horrified looks at those listening. 
‘I think,’ Percy continued, ‘that Singapore might be better described as modern Asia, unless you are one of those fucking idiots who thinks that real Asia means third world. You know: poor. Asia is a fucking continent, not a social statement.’
‘I was merely making conversation, no need to be rude.’
‘I know, and clearly there is.’
‘Well really!’
‘Perhaps,’ Percy said, ‘you are one of those people that feels progression is not for everyone. Perhaps, you are one of those people who thinks the world is a show for us privileged few to enjoy, or pity, or enjoy pitying?’
‘Just who in the hell do you think you are?’
Like the national grid, failing section by section, the table gradually fell into silence.
‘And, I imagine,’ continued Percy, irreverently veering off into deeper waters, ‘that someone like you would choose to leave those few undiscovered tribes in the Amazon to their own devices, should anyone happen across them. I mean, why disturb a natural way of life? Why expose the innocent to our corruption and greed? We could make a nice film about them, couldn’t we? They could be living museum pieces. I mean, offering modern medicine and technology would spoil things, don’t you think?’ He put a finger to his lips, ‘It could be our special secret. Shush. Don’t tell them. It’s the real South America, but it’s not for beginners.’
‘God! So rude!’
Satisfied, Percy sipped his drink. 
At first Sal had been smiling encouragingly, seeming pleased to see Percy engaged in what looked like conversation. But as it became clear to everyone that her husband was on the attack, a piercing glare was drilled his way. In that look was a combination, he knew, of embarrassment, crossness and disappointment. But Percy was unmoved. All could have been avoided had she not insisted he come. The mouthed statement never again, intended as a threat, was the only thing to cheer Percy up, as the event dragged on from one agonising minute to the next. 
With the exception of the location, the entire evening would have continued to lumber on with Percy groaning under the burden of mind-numbing corporate conversation, materialism and one-upmanship, had Joyann Tan not been there. 
She was sitting quietly, seeming to be outside of what in Percy’s view was a stereotypical international crowd. She clearly did not empathise with the rowdier nature of these other guests. Expats, Percy had already noticed, often demanded attention. 
But after Percy’s outburst, she leaned across and quietly spoke to him. ‘I know you. You drink at The Bean almost everyday.’
Percy took a moment to recognise her, ‘Breakfast. You eat breakfast there everyday… with two men.’ So she wasn’t an expat, which explained a lot.
She laughed, ‘I do. My brother and an old friend of ours… a colleague… before work.’
Joyann was small in stature. Even from a seated position it was clear she was barely five feet tall. Her skin was not pale, as so many people Percy had seen of Chinese origin, but evenly tanned and flawless. She smiled with her eyes as much as her mouth. Perhaps it was her gentle tone, or possibly the fact she made no reference to what had just occurred, but for once Percy was drawn in.
‘Work?’
‘We own a hardware store. One branch on Sixth Avenue just across the road from The Bean, another in Toa Payoh, level two of the plaza,’ her smile widened, ‘my name is Joyann. Joyann Tan. It is very nice to meet you.’ She put out a tiny hand.
Percy liked the way Joyann said hardware, the way she made it sound like hat-ware. Her accent was one of the many differences he suddenly realised he was beginning to enjoy instead of resent, but he noted that tonight her speech pattern was more like his own, and not at all how it sounded at The Bean. He took it as a compliment, along with the proffered hand. In an instant, the many weeks of feeling alienated from life around him became nothing.
‘It’s a pleasure to meet you, Joyann. Percy Field.’
‘Pleased to meet you, Percy,’ she smiled. ‘Your wife tells me you are hoping to find a club to join.’
‘She did?’ Percy did his best not to sound cross, but couldn’t hide the horror he felt. 
Joyann began apologising immediately. 
‘No. No, please don’t apologise. It is true… sort of,’ he scowled a little as he spoke, ‘when did you talk with my wife?’
‘In the bathroom.’
‘When?’
‘A little while ago.’
‘How do you know her?’
‘Actually, I do not know her, my husband does. We were washing our hands and talking. She’s very pretty, your wife.’
Percy felt immediately irritated with Sal, imagining her divulging all sorts of personal information about him to anyone she happened to be standing next to. He also felt a little embarrassed.
‘What sort of club do you wish to be part of, Percy?’
Percy stumbled and stuttered a little, trying to find a way to explain to Joyann that it was not exactly a club he wanted, but some other, less definable thing.
‘I am sorry if I have embarrassed you, Percy.’
‘You haven’t. I’m just not sure what it is that I want. What precisely I am looking for.’
‘And we are all searching for something, right?’
‘Not like that.’ He winced. Joyann was lovely, and he didn’t want her to think he was the soul-searching type.
She laughed. ‘I am teasing, of course.’
‘Of course.’
‘Tell me Percy. Are you willing to give anything a try?
He frowned. ‘Such as?’
‘Let me explain something to you. Once upon a time, a long time ago, a young girl used to sit and listen to her mother and friends talk and talk and talk about anything and everything. Within reason, of course.’
Percy nodded.
‘They did this for many years. Eventually the group grew smaller and smaller, as one by one, the now elderly mother’s friends passed away. So the mother instead talked with just her daughter, and her daughter’s daughter, until one day the mother passed away too. The talking stopped. The group was no more.’
Percy again nodded, though just as he had nodded to his annoying neighbour, he had no idea what was happening. One moment they were talking about him finding something to do, and the next he was listening to a monologue about old ladies dying. But still he thought Joyann was pleasant company. 
His line of sight wandered, and he noticed a vitriolic gaze upon him, cast from the tight bitter face of his now-moved enemy. Expressionless himself, Percy returned his attention to Joyann.
‘Ignore her,’ she said.
‘I am.’
‘So, Percy. The mother I speak of is my own grandmother, and the discussion group she started. It was a wonderful meeting of minds that became something three generations were able to share in. I have fond memories of it.’ She laughed. ‘Of course, I had no idea what my grandmother and mother were talking about most of the time, but it felt warm, a comforting thing to do. I have always wanted to start one myself.’
‘Do it then.’
 ‘I have. But it’s quite small…’
‘How many?’
Joyann grinned coyly. 
‘What?’
She laughed behind her hand.
‘Come on. How many?’ Percy couldn’t help smiling. Joyann’s laughter was infectious.
‘One. Me. But I was thinking you might join? And we could find other members. Your wife said you like to discuss things at length; that you had a friend called Art who used to be your talking companion.’
He stopped smiling. ‘My wife again.’ The only thing worse than people intruding in his life, Percy decided, was intrusion through someone else’s presumptuous invitation. His face betrayed his thoughts.
‘Percy. Mine is a very private sort of culture. But I know it is possible to be too private.’
He offered no reply, and took a good mouthful of Champagne, freshly topped up. Though not his favourite wine and he hadn’t asked for it, Champagne was a drink Percy was happy to tackle without moaning. He was the sort of person who, when left without choice, would drink anything he was given provided it contained alcohol. He was British. His now drifting attention moved to consider the cold lager he’d also been drinking that night. It wasn’t too bad, though not like good beer, and it too was certainly better than nothing. Maybe there were specialist beer outlets here, he suddenly wondered. Singapore appeared to have everything.
‘So?’ said Joyann, interrupting his thoughts.
‘What?’
‘Do you like the idea? Of a discussion group.’
‘I’d like to know why you would suggest something like that to a total stranger.’
‘I am a good judge of character.’ She smiled, sweetly and broadly. ‘Usually. So you’ll join?’
Percy looked into the dark eyes of this hopeful, bright, woman, and found himself unable to say no.
Chapter 5
A NICE DAY OUT
‘This is an industrial estate, Sal. It won’t be here.’
‘Hang on.’ Sal stopped her car at the kerb. A brand new white BMW, it was Percy’s first outing in it. She reached round and pulled a large street directory from the pocket on the back of her seat.
‘Leave that,’ he said, trying to take it. ‘Just put the name in the sat nav again.’
‘I have. Three times already.’ Sal kept a tight hold of the directory.
‘Then check the postcode again.’
‘You.’
Percy took out his phone and began tapping the touch screen; tapping and waiting, tapping and waiting, tapping; tapping. Tapping harder. After a moment, he slammed the device down onto his thigh. ‘It’s still not coming up. Are you sure it’s here?’ He folded his arms irritably. ‘Wouldn’t it be obvious? Wouldn’t there be a sign?’
Silently, Sal was thumbing through pages of road maps.
‘Maybe it’s closed down, Sal.’
‘Well that would suit you, wouldn’t it?’
‘What kind of statement is that?’
‘A true one.’ She banged the book shut. ‘I can’t find it. Maybe you’re right, maybe it has closed down.’
‘What to do instead?’ questioned Percy, barely disguising his relief at having been saved from what was likely to be a dull experience.
It had come to Percy’s notice that he and his wife were still spending very little time together, and so, in an effort to be proactive and seem cheerier about things, he had suggested a day out. He’d told her to choose, mentally preparing for a spa day, or shopping the length of Orchard Road. There would certainly be a good lunch, of course, so whatever she selected there would be that one saving grace. What Sal chose to do was visit a little known local pottery, recommended by an acquaintance too long ago for Sal to remember any pertinent details. Percy loathed pottery, but he loathed searching for half-remembered addresses even more. The mindless, repetitive action of driving the same roads over and over again, as if the mislaid building might suddenly leap from the bushes, reminded him of picking scabs from partially healed wounds.
‘I’m sorry we can’t find it,’ he said, lying, and happily setting aside his frustration. ‘I know you wanted to go there. I know you like that sort of stuff.’
‘I do. But you don’t,’ she said, pressing her head of golden hair against the headrest, brown eyes turned to him.
Her soft expression forced Percy into confession. ‘I suppose that sort of daytrip reminds me of all those crap galleries and potteries I got dragged to by my parents, when we were on holiday.’ He grimaced. ‘Every bloody summer, we had to trawl acres of thick, ugly vases dripping with that foul brown glaze. I’m sure your pottery would have been much nicer, though.’
‘Maybe.’ Sal’s phone registered a message coming in. She ignored it.
‘Check it, if you want too,’ he offered. 
‘No. It’ll be work. It’s Saturday. And we’re having a day away from all that.’
‘Yes. Good isn’t it?’
His wife smiled, and a small chuckle released.
Percy beamed back. ‘Shall we get the cable car to Sentosa?’
She straightened and stared. ‘What? Sentosa? You? Are you determined to torture yourself for me today? You know that island is full of kids and families and rides and games and… fun, don’t you?’
‘Well, I am not saying that I want to do any of that. But I know there are beaches and bars there too. We could dump the car back home and taxi it to the cable station.’ He hesitated briefly, before adding, ‘Or we could visit Changi Prison Museum.’ 
He knew Sal wanted to go there, but she had already turned it down as an option. They both needed cheering up, she had remarked, not a dose of other people’s sad reality. Something about this statement had left Percy feeling vaguely uncomfortable, so he’d decided to offer it again just to see what happened.
Her gazed moved to the empty road for a moment, as if thinking. ‘Another time. Today we need something light. Sentosa it is. But let’s skip the cable car. I’ll drive.’
‘You won’t want a glass or two or three of wine?’
‘No. Not today.’ She patted the smart leather steering wheel and grinned.
*
Percy felt that on the whole the day out with Sal had improved since abandoning the search for the pottery, and was now going rather well. Not everything on Sentosa was quite as he’d expected, however. The ship’s lights, studding the blackness so beautifully when viewed from above on the night they’d first flown in, were just that; ship’s lights. So, by default, there were ships. Hundreds and hundreds of them, moored just off shore and easily in sight of the beach. As they strolled barefoot on the hot yellow sand, Percy declared that he thought the scene ugly.
Sal disagreed, and taking on her regular role as all-knowing wife, chose to repeat information she shared that first time they had seen them. ‘Not so long ago, the straits between Singapore and Malaysia were amongst the most pirated in the world. The lights allowed the captain and crew to spot anyone trying to board.’
Percy made appreciative sounds, though he now recalled her telling him before.
‘It was the old fashioned sort of pirating,’ she added.
‘What? Like with parrots and wooden legs and stuff?’
Sal laughed at this, an encouraging sound, because she was just as likely to huff at his flippancy. ‘No, Percy. No pieces of eight or Jolly Roger, but not the sort of pirate to slaughter everyone on board, either. Those pirates were thieves, not murderers or kidnappers. I say were, but they still operate.’
‘I thought new-age pirates were nothing more than disgruntled fishermen,’ Percy said, encouraging expansion. ‘You know, struggling family men helping themselves because no one else wants to.’
‘Fishermen turned murderers,’ Sal stated, before talking further on the subject, expanding it as he’d hoped. 
For a while, he listened to what she had to say. So here we are at last, Percy thought to himself, finally chatting like we used to, making conversation about a topic and not just throwing the occasional word back and forth. With the exception of Art and the odd passing acquaintance, Sal was the only person Percy truly enjoyed talking with in-depth. 
But as he thought about this so he listened less, his drifting attention unhitching focus. It often happened once she had been talking for some time, though Percy’s interpretation of some time and Sal’s were very different and a source of friction. As they walked and Sal talked, so her smooth voice gradually became little more than a backdrop for Percy’s ponderings.
He knew it was unfair to suggest that she no longer talked to him, something he had claimed in the heat of yet another disagreement, started because he’d forgotten to post her mother’s birthday present. Sal did talk, regularly lecturing Percy on all sorts of Singapore related issues. His main concern, more than her growing inability to converse rather than inform, was that so often she sounded odd. She might be saying something she’d said a thousand times before, but something in her voice was different, as if she were going through the motions rather than actually interested. And it grated with Percy, this undertone of indifference. Sometimes, when most pronounced, it was as if another person were speaking through her, that his beautiful interesting wife had become a spout for some pompous old fart. He’d said it once, in a burst of rebellion, but he’d been drunk, tripped over his words and called her a sprout. Once upon a time she would have laughed. As it was, she stomped off to bed.
But the conversation today felt more like old times. Percy gazed at the ships. There were so many it was astonishing. 
‘Well that’s what I think, anyway,’ said Sal. ‘Percy?’
‘Huh? Yes. No. I agree. It gives pause for thought.’
‘What does?’
‘Piracy.’
A small look a dissatisfaction narrowed Sal’s eyes, but she said nothing.
The couple moved down the beach, to paddle along the water’s edge. Seemingly empty of life, the tepid sea lapped gently. He slipped an arm across Sal’s shoulders, the feel of her cotton shirt hot beneath his arm. 
She walked a little way before dropping slightly to release herself. ‘Too warm.’
She was right, Percy thought. It was sweltering, even with wet feet. ‘How do they do it?’ he asked.
‘Who?’
‘This lot.’ He nodded back up the beach to a group of teenage boys, seemingly a mix of locals and expats. ‘Look at them, charging about all over the place. What game are they playing? Volleyball?’
‘I guess.’
‘They must be roasting. Just walking I feel like I am being boiled alive. Shall we find that drink now?’
Sal nodded and made her way from the water to join Percy as he strolled back up. 
‘Let’s stay on the sand, though,’ he said, ‘not go right up to the path. Those segway things and that bloody train drive me crazy.’
‘It’s all shipped in, you know,’ she said.
‘What is, Oracles?’
‘All this.’ Sal scratched at the sand with her toes.
Percy resisted likening her to a chicken.
‘The sand is imported,’ she continued. ‘It’s reclaimed land. Anywhere there is a beach is the same.’ She looked up. ‘They put in all these coconut palms, too. I saw one on the back of an articulated lorry the other day. Right in the middle of the city. It was huge. Heading for some new condo, I suppose.’
‘Do you mean reclaimed land, or just claimed?’
‘Good point. Maybe claimed, I guess, for some of it. It was all swampy mangrove, originally. You know, way-back-when.’
Art. Percy suddenly thought of him. Hadn’t he said something about swamps? ‘I might email Art later.’
‘Art? That’s a good idea. He’ll be missing you, I am sure. Do you miss him?’
Percy shrugged. There was nothing he could say to Sal about Art that she would consider worthwhile, since she had never found him as endearing as Percy did; as other people did. It was baffling to him, since Art often featured quite significantly in Percy’s day-to-day life.
She slipped an arm through his, and stopped him walking. ‘Look, this place seems okay. Shall we try it?’
Percy assessed a wide seating area served by a long bar, all sectioned off from the beach with low advertising banners. It was filled with families, and children running about noisily. ‘Maybe there is somewhere quieter further along? There are some hotels at the end, I think.’
‘Percy. It’s a family island. We can keep looking, if you insist, but I for one need a drink so would rather just try here. Hey! Look over there. Is that our neighbour? That boy?’
‘Dunno. Do we have a boy neighbour?’ he questioned, as they joined a short queue of people waiting to be seated. 
‘Of course we do. I’d guessed you were ignoring the neighbours again, just as you did back home. You need to stop avoiding people simply because you don’t know them, Percy. You might surprise yourself and actually like them, if you tried. And you really need to start thinking again. You’re brain’s going soft if you can’t recognise a little boy you probably walk past every single day, he’s sitting by the path so often. Even I see him, and I don’t hang around the house all the time. Do something, Percy.’
‘Actually, Sal, I have found something to do.’ The decision announced itself before Percy could think, a gut reaction to her remarks.
‘And what is that? Don’t tell me you’ve found your club?’
Percy chose to ignore the word, while suppressing a more general irritation. He was feeling cornered enough by the whole discussion group thing as it was, without Sal first lecturing him and then belittling him.
He took a breath and buried the resentment her patronising tones were arousing. The day was going too well to risk spoiling it. ‘I have found something, yes,’ he continued, ‘Joyann Tan has started a discussion group, and she’s invited me to join.’
‘Joyann Tan?’
‘Yes, Joyann Tan. She’s the woman I was talking with when we went out with your company that time.’
‘Joyann Tan.’ Sal said it wistfully, as if the name carried her thoughts.
‘Joyann Tan.’ Percy repeated, ‘Why?’
‘Nothing. I work with her husband, that’s all.’
‘I know. I just said as much.’
The queue moved forward a few steps.
‘Ah. Of course. That meal.’
‘What do you mean, that meal?’
‘I mean you didn’t behave yourself, Percy. That was the CO’s wife you offended.’
‘And?’
‘And nothing. I just thought you should know you attacked the wife of someone quite important.’
‘Well, important to the company, anyway.’ Percy didn’t know what else he could say that wouldn’t sound defensive and risk disagreement. Making an effort to be nice was harder than he remembered, he’d grown so used to being himself.
‘So. Joyann Tan. Am I to gather that you and she are buddies, then?’
The business of being nice suddenly became even more difficult, because Percy detected a new shift in tone. It was like the faint whiff of something going off in the fridge. Again, he was itching to tell Sal to stop patronising him, and once more resisted. 
Preparing to add a comment that he wasn’t sure about the whole thing, Percy stopped himself. Such a statement might prompt enquiry, and he wasn’t prepared to admit that he’d felt tricked into it.
Sal studied him for a moment. ‘Actually, Percy Field, I think it might suit you better than either of us can imagine,’ she said, saying the opposite of what he’d expected.
At that moment, a young woman in a black uniform asked them to follow her. She took them to a table for two and offered them each a menu. 
Percy refused his and announced they only wanted a drink.
Sal took the proffered second menu and pushed it into his hands, smiling hopefully as she began to read her own. ‘We might as well eat,’ she said. ‘I’m starving,’
‘You said you were thirsty.’
‘Thirsty and hungry.’
Percy glanced at the tired sheet of card, and shrank back. ‘Uh. Sal. It looks awful.’
‘Percy!’ Sal’s eyes flicked from him to the girl hovering close by, who stepped forward and asked if they would like a drink.
‘Good idea,’ Percy pounced. ‘C’mon. Shall we just do that? Then eat somewhere nicer?’ 
Sal rolled her eyes, and again looked to the waitress, this time clearly transmitting an apology. ‘I’m hungry. Here is fine for lunch. Let’s splash out on an evening meal instead. Yes?’
Percy sensed he was defeated.
*
Dinner that evening was magnificent, and over coffee Percy looked lovingly at Sal, who fidgeted uncomfortably under his gaze. 
He had been right about lunch, and overall the experience was poor. The venue, though pleasantly located, pitched itself entirely at children and young families, and Percy was cornered into having pizza, something he didn’t like. He chose it because everything else came in a basket. Food in a basket was a concept he admired even less than flattened bread smeared in soggy tomato, but the fact was his pizza came in a basket too, pre-sliced and ready to pick up. For him, it was quite literally the worst meal imaginable. Sal had a Caesar salad, which looked so chunky Percy questioned aloud whether it might also be a candidate for basket presentation. For Percy, two pints of lager was the saving grace, but dinner that evening went on to make up for it all.
It had been a long shot whether or not there would be an available table at the grand place they had selected, searching the Internet while sitting together on the low bowed trunk of a coconut palm. Sal had heard much of the restaurant’s fine reputation, and though located quite near to where they were, Sal wanted to drive up to check it out rather than tempt fate with a phone call.
There was, of course, no free table, a great disappointment after stepping with hopeful hearts across beautiful grey slabs that seemed to float in dark water, dotted with lilies. The setting was faultless, the lights of the ships in the surrounding sea once more taking on a tranquil beauty, exquisite against the deepening night. Percy was enthralled by the perfection laid out before him. He was less enthralled to discover that Sal recognised two guests waiting to be seated, her colleague and Joyann’s husband, Ethan Tan, and an American called Buck Cherry. It was with some effort that Percy forced himself into silence on hearing this name. Two other guests were not going to make it, Ethan told them, and so there were two spaces at their table should Sal and Percy care to join them. Ethan added that he hoped they would, and Buck Cherry agreed enthusiastically. Percy’s heart had sunk at the very thought of it.
‘Their flight was delayed in KL,’ said Buck, ‘some problem with the airplane.’
Percy had winced. Airplane. He could plainly hear the lack of vowels. ‘It’s annoying when aer-o-planes are delayed,’ he’d remarked, ensuring emphasis on the extra sound.
No one else noticed or cared, it seemed. Even Sal did not bat an eyelid.
Before sitting down, Percy tried hard to convey to Sal his desire to leave. Unable to speak privately, he had offered his entire repertoire of imploring looks. Sal, he eventually realised, was ignoring him.
So he had been forced to make the best of things. He did not need to avoid conversation with the men, since both were engaged fully with Sal, all three immersed in questions of business. On the odd occasion they remembered Percy’s presence, he politely shooed them back into their own world, as if giving permission to ignore him. For Percy, the situation could not have turned out better, and the food was the best he had tasted in a very long time.
After dessert, Ethan and Buck left, Ethan leaving instructions for Sal to settle the bill on the company when she was finished. Percy barely had cause to look at them or speak with them for the entire evening, but even so was grateful when they’d gone. What he had forgotten was to be grateful when they were there.
‘You could have said thank you, Percy.’
‘What for? For Ethan Tan letting us spend company money? It’s not his money, Sal.’
‘For inviting us to join them. And yes, for allowing us to put it on expenses.’
‘Well I suppose it’s not exactly fraudulent. It turned into a meeting in any case.’
For a moment Sal was quiet. ‘It did,’ she eventually agreed. ‘Sorry about that.’
‘No problem. You know me; I like to keep myself to myself. Apart from when I am with you, that is. And now it is just you and me.’ He reached across and placed a hand on Sal’s.
‘Have you had enough of everything? Anymore coffee?’ she asked. ‘Or a nightcap?’
‘We could have a nightcap at home.’ 
Sal smiled the sort of smile that after a busy day always expands into a yawn. ‘I am exhausted. I don’t know how you cope with doing nothing all day.’
He ignored the comment.
‘I’ll be going straight to sleep I’m so weary,’ Sal covered her widening mouth, before smiling again, as if she had not just delicately closed and locked her chastity belt.
‘Then I’ll have one here,’ Percy said, disappointed to learn that the wonderful day was not going to climax in the way he’d been hoping.
Chapter 6
GARDEN OF EDEN 
The text came from Joyann as promised, so Percy put on his thinnest cotton shorts and shirt, rubbed sunscreen onto his face, and after stepping out through the glass doors, liberally sprayed his limbs with insect repellent. 
It was a greasy and rather smelly affair, but he was growing used to the routine. The sun did not look hot through the gauze of cloud, and only once since arriving in Singapore had he thought he could get away with not using protection, almost bragging as much to Sal. That evening had seen him red-faced in more ways than one. So now, unless the cloud was dark and thick, he covered up. On clear sunny days, he even wore a hat, the sort he believed Australians hung corks from, though Percy’s had none since Sal had moved exclusively to screw caps. He’d thought about using them instead, and then felt like an idiot.
Satisfied he was suitably safeguarded against sunburn and bites, Percy locked up the house and set off for the bus stop. He had been many times to the Botanic Gardens, in fact it was his favourite place to be, and so he felt a certain contentment concerning the day ahead. The only apprehension was in regard to Joyann. This was to be the inaugural meeting of her official Discussion Group, which meant he would have to talk, and only to her, plus they barely knew each other.
Once on the bus, he gazed from the window, watching the houses pass by. It amazed Percy how thoroughly new building plots were filled, as if all Singaporean developers were agoraphobic. One moment a pretty old bungalow stood in a delightful green oasis, and the next two glass and concrete mansions covered every last square millimetre of ground. In Britain, there would have been twenty new homes, of course. Maybe thirty. But they all would have gardens; though only big enough to accommodate one pair of size eight feet.
There was nothing to worry about, he soon decided, as the bus rolled on. Joyann was easy company. She wasn’t Art, of course, but Percy certainly felt comfortable in her presence. Art. Percy made a mental note to email him, a task yet to be done.
In a short time the bus drew into the grounds of the gardens, and Percy climbed off. As he did so, his phone pinged. It was another message from Joyann, apologising. She said she was still free to meet, but not for another hour or more. Did he want to cancel?
Ordinarily something like this would have seen Percy snarling, but instead he drew in a long, hot, airless breath and headed for the café, replying to Joyann as he walked. 

Take your time. Will have a drink and then a stroll. Let me know when you leave.

It was a comfortable day, cool by Singapore standards, though Percy was glad to be dressed as he was. It was a cloudy twenty-nine degrees that even he could not deny, because for once radio and thermometer were in agreement. As always, when the temperature dropped by a degree or two, the weatherman suggested hot chocolate and cardigans, stopping short of a roaring log fire only because no one in Singapore would have such a thing as a fireplace. Already time was softening Percy’s attitude to heat, but still he could not imagine an occasion when drinking something hot whilst wearing woollen clothing would be welcome, other than in the cinema. Sal had forced him there, and nearly died from hypothermia as her penance. Percy hadn’t felt quite as cold as Sal, but his eardrums nearly haemorrhaged with the volume. With his senses blasted, on leaving the cinema all Percy wanted was a hot bath in silence, although he would have accepted a little moaning had Sal been willing to let him warm her up. But once home, the stifling house temperature dictated a cold shower and when Percy crept into bed Sal was already asleep. At least, she had her eyes closed.
On a seat beneath an African oil palm, one of several situated outside the Botanic Gardens café, Percy sucked up a large fresh watermelon juice before setting off on a walk to fill the time. Ordinarily, he would have used one of the tables and started with a coffee and finished with juice, but today did not feel as an ordinary day. Once on the move, he walked steadily, watching with vague interest the cumbersome form of a man and his dog hurtling along the footpath some distance ahead.
All around him were the usual sights of the gardens, and as he strolled he absorbed all he could. He’d liked this part of Singapore from the outset. In the shade of several huge fig trees, groups of older, local, people were engaged in tai chi classes, slowly manoeuvring, carefully following the positions of their Sifu as she moved. Amongst them Percy spotted one or two white people; how long did it take before an outsider felt able to join in, he wondered. Then he checked himself. Could they be locals, too? How could he know? Coming from a country with a mixed population, it was hard to appreciate somewhere else might not be as diverse. Yet clearly Singapore was, so what was bothering him? He thought a little harder, and recognised the difference. Indian, Chinese, Malay, this was the Singaporean mix. White people were expats. Black people were barely represented. As he pondered, he spotted a group of people copying the tai chi class from a discreet distance. They looked to be locals, he decided, but such cheapskate actions might be found anywhere in the world.
As the planted beds opened up into spacious green lawns, Percy noticed a young model posing in tiny clothes with cutesy hair, a giant cuddly toy clutched in her skinny arms. She seemed so young, but then who didn’t, apart from the tai chi crew, of course? His birthday was coming up soon, something Percy was trying hard not to think about, a denial proving difficult in a country where reminders came in the form of almost every face he looked at; where to him any age other than very old age was indeterminate. By indeterminate, he really meant the majority looked enviably young. He knew about the black hair dye, of course, for Sal had told him and he’d seen acres of it in the pharmacy every time he’d bought sunscreen. Even so, when it came to age, Nature’s hand had not treated the world’s population evenly, he felt.
In the centre of the lawn, where the short, coarse, grass met a lake surrounding a performance stage, a satin and lace bride stood together with her smart, suited, groom. They were also posing. Percy thought the stage was interesting, but couldn’t decide if it looked more like a mushroom or a woodlouse, with its grey, reaching canopy. He also couldn’t fathom what the photographer was trying to achieve by using this backdrop, although he knew exactly where they would all go next. They would stand inside a waterfall, further into the gardens. This was where Percy had first noticed the endless stream of young wedding couples, noticing too, that aside from a photographer, they were entirely alone. Oracles had informed him that these were for Chinese Christian weddings; photographs came ahead of the big day. What if, in the end, there was no big day, Percy had asked. Sal had shrugged and, unsmiling, suggested the bride might use the picture for target practice. Only now, standing in the gardens, did Percy wonder why the bride?
Leaving behind the happy couple, and what he supposed was a big day in itself, Percy walked on. Ahead of him, he could see a camera crew filming youthful presenters who were over-acting embarrassingly. But his thoughts were not on derision. Instead he marvelled at just how much went on here on an average Monday morning. A striding, vest clad, expat mum power-walked past him, clutching the pushchair ahead of her. On a bench, a few of the truly old were resting, hairless and liver-spotted, peacefully gazing at nothing, but perhaps looking back through the many moments of their lives. Percy considered that the gardens were always full of so much more than plants and trees. 
As he entered a quieter, narrower section, Percy observed the slim green coils of a snake unfurling slowly as it wandered high in the leafy branches of a bush. He paused to watch, grateful for the sighting, certain that at that precise moment both he and the snake shared the same level of contentment: temporary. Calm was only ever a moment.
He reached up and touched it, for it seemed the natural thing to do. The snake moved away, sliding from sight, and Percy stood for a while marvelling. Here he was, in a tropical foreign country, touching wild snakes. Art would have a heart attack if he knew.
Percy’s phone pinged. Joyann was on her way, saying she would meet him outside the National Orchid Garden, located in the centre of the park.
This was the one section he hadn’t yet visited, partly because there was an entrance fee and it seemed odd to him that the whole of the Botanic Gardens in its splendour was free of charge, but not a few flowers in the middle, and partly because orchids didn’t interest him. He agreed, and ambled off.
*
‘Percy!’
Looking up, Percy saw the sunny face of Joyann Tan smiling down at him. He’d been sitting on a bench under a tree, using his phone to confirm the identity of the snake. It was an oriental whip snake, a shy and mildly venomous animal living amongst branches. Percy felt privileged to have touched it.
‘Hi Joyann.’
‘You looked busy, Percy. Checking your emails?’
‘No. Just looking up a snake.’
Joyann made a shuddering sound. ‘A snake? Have you seen one?’ she looked about.
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘An oriental whip snake.’
‘No no. I do not do snakes. Sorry.’
‘It was back there, in a bush. Harmless.’
‘I do not care. Snakes, I have never liked,’ she said, shivering her shoulders. ‘So sorry I am late. It is my day off, but my brother had something he needed to do. I hope you don’t feel you have waited too long?’
‘Of course not. Shall we go in?’ Percy stood up. 
Joyann looked past him and waved. 
Percy turned. In the distance was a man standing next to a dog defecating, its back curved, tail straight, eyes seeming locked on Percy’s, as a length of brown curled to the ground. It was the same man and dog he had seen earlier. ‘You know him?’
‘One of my customers.’
‘He doesn’t look like the DIY type.’
‘As far as I know he isn’t. But we sell some pet supplies too. Including poo bags. Okay. You ready?’
‘Sure.’
As they passed through the narrow building surrounding the Orchid Garden, Joyann began talking about the flowers with passion, seeming excited to be sharing it all with Percy. ‘There is even an area where orchids named after heads of state can be enjoyed. There is a Margaret Thatcher there, I will show you.’
Inwardly Percy sighed. Outwardly he smiled, ‘So Joyann. What shall we discuss.’
Momentarily she looked blank. ‘Oh yes, I had forgotten about that, I was so excited for the orchids. Perhaps today we can discuss the topic of our next meeting, and how we might gather more members?’
*
The third member of the Discussion Group took the form of the man Percy had first spotted dragging behind what he later discovered to be a Labradoodle, the animal then observed unashamedly relieving itself. It was not an especially large dog, or visually one to fill a man with bumptious pride, a curly extension of a gentleman’s fingernails rather than his manhood, but nevertheless the hypoallergenic canine seemed a happy one.
With the Orchid Garden explored to the last sepal, Percy and Joyann bought an ice cream and began walking those parts of the main gardens he had not yet looked at that day. With relatively low humidity, it was possible to walk more briskly and find pleasure in exercise, instead of knowing it would soon become a sweaty mistake. With no sun beating down and the vague hint of a breeze, the day was perfect for marching. But with Joyann taking the more common local pace, better suited to the climate, Percy was forced to stroll.
After sometime, and after finally beginning to talk about the Discussion Group, they headed into some dense woodland and onto the Rainforest Boardwalk. They hadn’t been there long when, after rounding a corner, what looked like a faded brown carpet raced across in front of Percy. The dog’s lead acted as a tripwire, almost causing him to fall. In his effort to stay upright, Percy did not notice the dog-owner’s smooth golden-brown face light up at the sight of him.
‘I am so sorry,’ the owner said, reaching out to help.
Percy waved him away, ‘It’s fine. I wasn’t looking where I was going.’
‘Hello Norman,’ said Joyann. ‘I see Cocoa is keeping you busy. You’ve had a long walk today?’
‘Sit, Cocoa, sit.’ Ignoring her owner, Cocoa sniffed here and there, pulling to be on her way once more. Then she flopped onto her belly, panting hard, before jumping up again. Norm smiled at Percy, ‘So we finally meet after seeing each other so many times,’ he reached out a hand. ‘Norman. Norman Sullivan. Call me Norm.’ Only then did he say hello to Joyann.
Feeling slightly puzzled, Percy took his hand, ‘Percy Field. Pleased to meet you, Norm.’ 
Norm adjusted his neatly pressed lemon linen shirt with a little tug at the hem. ‘You two seemed very caught up…’ 
Norm and Joyann clearly spoke often, Percy decided. His manner with her was very familiar.
‘Yes. We were just planning something, Norman.’
‘Do tell!’
Don’t tell, thought Percy.
‘We’ve started a Discussion Group,’ said Joyann.
‘A what?’ Norm’s arm straightened suddenly with a sharp tug as Cocoa tried to give chase to a passing lizard.
‘A Discussion Group. You know, like a book group but with topics rather than text.’
‘Oh,’ said Norm, with a thoughtful smile, ‘that sounds interesting.’ 
‘We thought so, didn’t we Percy?’
Percy kept his mouth firmly shut.
‘And how does a person join?’
‘Well…’
Percy interrupted. ‘So where are you from, Norm? You have an unusual accent, although incredibly subtle. Germany?’
‘Yes, Germany. Very well spotted, you have a good ear. I know my accent is not very strong at all.’
‘Norman Sullivan?’ Percy’s next question needed no elaboration.
‘My mother was Australian, my father Irish, they settled in Munich. I was born there, went to a local school… just a good old-fashioned German boy with foreign parents. We moved about a bit after that. And now here I am. Expats breed expats,’ his smile widened, ‘and you? English I suppose.’
‘Yes. We’re here with my wife’s company.’
‘Me too,’ Norm’s green eyes glittered, ‘we’re new men, aren’t we? It can be very nice not working, but very dull too. I think having a group to be part of is wonderful. People like us, men or women with no children to force us to meet new people, we allow ourselves to become isolated.’
Joyann said something encouraging in response, but Percy took no notice. Norm had grabbed his attention fully. ‘How did you know that I have no children?’ he asked.
‘I’ve never seen you with any. I’m sorry. Perhaps you have. At school, I suppose?’
‘No. I haven’t any.’
‘He does have a wife,’ Joyann said.
‘Yes, so he said. And don’t we all,’ said Norm. ‘So, back to this group of yours. Is it possible for me to join?’
Joyann clapped her hands together in a display of pleasure. ‘Of course! What a good idea. Wonderful! Isn’t it Percy?’
Norm smiled widely, teeth glowing against tanned skin, skin that in turn looked very brown contrasted with his white hair.
‘So you’ll come next Monday morning? The Bean at bottom of Sixth Avenue, around nine, it will only be three of us, of course.’ Joyann said.
Percy was surprised. ‘Is that when we’re meeting?’
‘Yes, if that is okay with you? Then I can go to work after.’
‘Of course.’
‘Percy,’ said Norm, ‘Let me take your number just in case something changes.’
Percy stepped back, running his fingers through his short brown hair in an attempt to avoid further handshaking, ‘No need. If you can’t come then just don’t turn up. Don’t you think, Joyann?’
Norm’s expression faltered, ‘I’d be happier, if you don’t mind, being able to contact you if need be.’
‘Joyann?’ Percy appealed, hoping she would offer her own telephone number.
‘Mine or yours, it does not matter, Percy,’ she said. ‘But I think it is a good idea.’
She was making no move to offer her own, Percy felt, and so reluctantly he exchanged numbers and shook hands again. When finally Cocoa dragged Norm away, Percy noticed the man seemed to scamper after his dog with a slight skip. 
How odd to be that happy, he thought.
Chapter 7
THE FIRST COMING
The following Monday, at nine in the morning, the group of three met as planned. 
Joyann deserted her brother and old friend after eating breakfast, the men acknowledging Percy in an affable way as they left, a way that also said Joyann and only Joyann had any interest in what they were doing. A few minutes later, a panting Cocoa appeared with Norm, white linen shirt and short white hair equally fresh and sparkling. The three pulled chairs around a table outside the café, while Cocoa stood and stared at a passing Chihuahua wearing shoes. 
For the first time, Percy wondered what on earth he was doing stepping outside of his nature in this way. By accepting Joyann’s invitation he had allowed himself to dip a toe into a world he had no interest in: the sociable mainstream. Yes, she was nice, but the Discussion Group felt like some device created for his benefit. Had Joyann been telling the truth when she shared the story of her grandmother’s original group, or was she complicit in some scheme created by Sal to help him find focus, and therefore merely interfering in his life?
He eyed Joyann suspiciously. Hadn’t she forgotten all about the Discussion Group when he’d mentioned it in the Orchid Garden?
‘Are you okay, Percy?’ she asked.
‘I was just thinking about your grandmother.’
‘Your grandmother?’ enquired Norm. ‘Is she unwell?’
‘Passed away,’ said Joyann.
‘Oh I am sorry.’
‘No. She passed many years ago. Percy was thinking about the group she started, the group that inspired this one. Weren’t you.’
Percy nodded. ‘I wonder what she would think of us sitting here, preparing to follow in her footsteps?’ he observed her carefully.
‘She would be very proud. As would my mother. Possibly.’ 
Percy noticed Joyann was uneasy.
‘Joyann?’ said Norm, with a worried tone.
Percy watched.
‘Oh no, Norman. My mother is still alive. I don’t see her often. I was thinking I should call her. It has been too long, but she is not an easy person. At least, she is not an easy old person. She uses age as an excuse to be rude, as if manners are for the young only.’
There was an undeniable truthfulness about Joyann, Percy realised. She seemed a genuinely honest person, and he was inclined to believe in it all. Feeling a little foolish for thinking anything different, he said ‘I am sorry, Joyann.’
‘For what?’
Percy started. He wasn’t sure. He just said it because it seemed right. ‘About your grandmother,’ he said, awkwardly. ‘And your rude mother.’
‘Thank you. I still miss my grandmother.’
As Norm began gently probing for details of the sorts of things Joyann’s mother might say, Percy wondered what would they talk about. In his mind’s eye, he pictured the ideal group: himself and Art, plus a small bunch of dour old men, moaning about the world in general, each no more than a sounding board for those who were also incurably bleak.
But here he was with a smiley woman, a strangely happy man, and a bizarrely distracted dog. His ideal group, if it were possible for any group to be considered ideal, was not happening any time soon.
They got off to a good start, however. It was easy, he discovered, because both Joyann and Norm were naturally sociable, and Percy soon realised he’d been naïve in expecting anything else. Of course they were sociable, for why else would they have so readily joined the company of a stranger? Joyann opened proceedings by bringing out a newspaper article on bio-char in the Amazon, and soon conversation about this ‘black soil’ and its future production was absorbing them all. Clearly she knew what to do. 
‘As I told you before, it’s just like a book group,’ she said, when Norm asked her about her obvious talent for discussion, ‘but without the constraints. I have been in several book groups, actually. But this will be more interesting. More mixed.’ She smiled, brown eyes twinkling with delight.
As Norm and Joyann focussed on the topic, Percy realised he was being watched from the other side of a large potted plant. It was a man sitting in The Bean’s rival café, Bread Chat, and someone he’d noticed often. He was clearly paying the group some attention. 
The man was a grouchy looking individual, face deeply lined, grey hair closely cropped, body and neck thick-set yet lean. Had he been in army fatigues and covered in dusty dirt, he would not have looked more intimidating. In a khaki shirt and matching shorts, it was a close match. But Percy was convinced this solid image masked a contemplative inner, and wondered if the man felt betrayed by Percy’s apparent gregariousness. He was sure that between them, as yet unspoken, was a bond of dourness. Maybe he should take this moment to speak with him, he thought, and reassure him that he, Percy Field, was not a changed man. The idea tumbled away like weed, for Percy hated dwelling on the feelings of others; to do so was pointless, for it made two people feel bad instead of just one and for no good reason.
‘Percy?’
‘Hmm?’
‘What do you think?’
‘About?’
‘Whether or not the world can afford to…’ Joyann stared. ‘You were not listening.’
‘I was.’
‘You were not. How can we discuss anything if you do not listen? You will have to practise!’ she smiled.
Percy looked at the man and back to Joyann and Norm. ‘It’s him,’ he whispered, ‘he’s listening.’
‘Maybe he would like to join us?’ Joyann offered.
‘Shhh.’
‘Why? If he would like to come over, then we would be four. Maybe I should ask him?’
Percy shook his head, face contorted. ‘No. We can’t just invite him. That would be weird.’
‘Why would it be weird?’ Joyann’s volume remained unchanged.
Percy widened his eyes in a plea for her to quieten down. 
She laughed. ‘Fine,’ she said gently, ‘I won’t ask.’
‘So,’ Percy said, calming himself. ‘Where were we?’ 
‘The wonders of bio-char.’ Joyann replied, tucking a lock of shiny black hair behind her ear. She lowered her voice, ‘I won’t invite him if it makes you uncomfortable. He’ll come over if he wants to. He can hear us quite well. I don’t think a leaf is much of an obstruction to sound, however large. I suppose he knows why we are here.’
*
From that first meeting, the group grew rapidly. Joyann brought a variety of acquaintances, only a few returning every single week, but a significant number regularly attending. From this, friends of friends occasionally appeared and new acquaintanceships began to spring up. A cynical Percy decided it was curiosity that brought most of her Singaporean friends, the opportunity to experience first hand the absurdity of Ang moh, although Joyann never referred to white people in that or any other way. She seemed far less racially conscious than he was. It appeared Sal had been right.
Sal expressed less trivial concerns. More than once she questioned Percy about outside perceptions of the group, the popularity of which could not have been foreseen. This, she reminded him, was not a free country, however it may appear superficially. There were laws in Singapore that were strictly enforced, particularly in regard to people and gatherings. Although attendance varied enormously, within two months of its official launch there was already potential for thirty people to be present at any one meeting. Sal pointed out that if everyone turned up and discussions took on a political nature – and in Singapore determining exactly what topics fell into that category wasn’t easy – Percy’s group would exceed the legal maximum for a political gathering by twenty-six. 
Percy felt compelled to straighten things out, and after speaking with Joyann he drew up the group’s first set of written rules, inadvertently giving the casual Discussion Group an air of sanctioned formality. The rules were simple: no talk of politics, religion or race. This neatly reflected Singapore’s own laws, not regarding what could be privately spoken of, but what could be publicly promoted. It was a tough call, and often breached by flippant expats who believed themselves to be above and outside of the law. But at least it was there in writing.
Norm always attended alone and breezed along, gaily chatting to all and sundry as if he had found his calling, whilst Cocoa benefited from the level of attention only a fashionable dog in a wealthy city has the luxury to enjoy. People from other Asian cities may have taken a very different view of her, a notion Percy chose to air before receiving a hurt look from Norm.
*
One of the last few meetings to be held in The Bean saw Percy finally speak with the man from Bread Chat, an individual who would rapidly become his friend.
The group had taken all the outdoor tables and virtually all those inside. The Bean’s staff seemed happy for the group to do this, for they spent many dollars whilst there. Percy had been sitting with Joyann and Norm, in much the same place they had been the very first time they had met. They had been talking amongst themselves for less than five minutes when the big man from the other side of the plant pot appeared, and silently pulled up the only remaining free chair.
Percy was pleased but unsure what to do. Should he let the newcomer speak first, or should he make a formal introduction? If he were a wild animal, which in fairness he did seem to be in some ways, it would be right to ignore him and allow him to settle at his own pace. 
While Percy weighed up the options, Joyann and Norm introduced themselves with breezy smiles. 
‘Nice to meet you Norm, you too, Joyann,’ replied the burly stranger, ‘my name is Phrike,’ 
‘I’m sorry?’ Percy was not sure he had heard correctly.
‘Phrike.’
‘Freak?’ Percy questioned, before he had even thought about it.
‘Yes. My name is Phrike.’
‘Oh I see, Freak. Is that your real name?’
‘Yes.’ It was a very straight answer.
Phrike’s cool eyes levelled with Percy’s, who realised then that this man had probably spent a lifetime explaining the eccentricities of his parents. He was not prepared to go on doing so. It was an awkward moment, until Norm surprised them all.
‘Phrike. P – H – R – I– K – E. Greek Goddess of horror.’ He smiled, ‘Interesting parents you must have.’
Phrike shrugged. ‘Had. They wanted a girl.’
*
Having outgrown The Bean, the group began to gather in more spacious places, depending on predicted numbers. At the end of every meeting, a potential roll call for the following week was taken, based on which a venue was decided. And each Sunday morning without fail, Norm sent Percy a text double-checking whether or not the time and venue had changed, and every week a tetchy Percy replied with the single word same. He would then ignore Norm’s further attempts at text chat, but always by Sunday evening Norm had hounded Percy into a response. One day, after Percy’s phone slipped from his back pocket and plunged fatally into a toilet full of excrement, he gave Joyann his email address so she could send him details of an exhibition she thought the group might like to attend. But it was Norm who emailed him on behalf of Joyann, and Percy was livid.
‘Sal. Sal!’ he bellowed from the one of the bedrooms, converted into a study, ‘That bloody man has my email address now.’
‘Which bloody man?’
‘Norm!’
Sal laughed. ‘So what?’
‘As if I don’t hear enough from him already.’
‘He only sends you a text once a week.’
‘Last Sunday was seven times, actually.’
‘Perhaps he fancies you.’
‘Don’t be stupid, Sal. He’s married.’
‘So?’
‘He doesn’t fancy me. It’s not like that. He just doesn’t get boundaries.’
‘Maybe he would, if you took time to reply nicely in the first place. Be fair Percy.’
But Percy was not inclined to be fair. No one else in the group had taken such a specific and obvious interest in him, and being of little interest was exactly the way he liked it. Phrike had proved to be precisely the man Percy wanted him to be, and the two of them were getting along famously in their own way, each basking in the other’s gloom. But Norm was taking things to a level that Percy felt was too cheery to cope with, and far too intrusive, as if he and Norm shared a special relationship. As if he, Percy Field, were somehow special, and it irritated.
*
Warm rain continued to fall, the hot sun to shine, jungle animals to call from pockets of green sanctuary. Singapore danced through various festivals and celebrations. People walked and talked, played games in the park, strolled the manmade shores of golden sand hemmed in by moored ships, shopped in cool malls for luxury brands, ate hawker food and worried about exams. The days were woven with the reliability of joy and predictability of worry that is the luxury of a steady nation, as the Discussion Group established itself and Percy began to settle. 
Chapter 8
NORMAN SULLIVAN
Expats breed expats.
This was Norm’s most commonly used expression. And it was true. Many expats Norm met were either exactly as he was, born and raised abroad to parents seemingly forever abroad, or were people who as children had lived for sometime in a country other than home. Few, it appeared, were expats permanently migrated never to move back to their roots, though some must have been, he knew. And fewer still, he supposed, would be marked as the only expat their anchored family ever supplied to the world, because, of course, expats breed expats.
A sociable sort, Norm knew many in the expat community, though he could never know them all. Singapore’s expatriates made up around two percent of a population of approximately five million, making it impossible to come across every single person.
More than money, people with children and those without them seemed to define expatriate subgroups. He’d noticed over the years that the childless moved in different circles, overlapped only by those whose offspring were safely off their hands boarding or at university. For Norm, this division had been plainly seen in Singapore and Dubai, less so in London and Sydney where he’d discovered expats existed in a different way, compelled to live amongst locals just as he had grown-up. Children. Norm had always wanted them, but he and his wife were not living the sort of married life where it was likely. As a yearning it had subsided, but as a wish it remained. Fortunately, moving around took the edge off.
There were other distractions besides moving, of course, other desires to fill his mind, the most recent being Percy Field.
Norm had noticed Percy quite some time before the day he’d seen him in the company of Joyann Tan, and they’d spoken. On that very first occasion, Norm had been particularly struck by Percy’s facial expression, one he was sure spoke of depth; of a profound man caught up in contemplation. He’d also thought Percy was very handsome, but in a modest way, his even features speaking of good looks rather than shouting about them. Height and build were average, which Norm interpreted as pleasantly understated.
Everything was safe, yet strangely desirable. 
That first time, Percy had been exiting the Botanic Gardens’ shop, opposite the café. As Percy was leaving, Norm had passed him in the doorway, quite close, almost face to face. For Norm, the world unexpectedly began tilting beneath his feet, tipping him unsteadily, a physical sensation not felt since university, where a lecturer snatched his heart without ever knowing he had. He was a man whose appearance then was very similar to Percy’s. Reminded of that time, while trying not to fall over in the shop doorway, Norm had wondered what the lecturer looked like now. Old, he’d supposed.
Whenever Norm looked back on that doorway encounter, he could never remember if Percy had been carrying anything – if he’d bought some item – only that he had gone directly across the way to buy himself a drink. Norm had felt obliged to finish entering the shop, though he had wanted to turn on his heels and follow this man who was so utterly arresting. From a window, safely contained within the cool box-shaped store, peering out through a display of guidebooks, he had scrutinised Percy. Studying his hair and clothes and the confident manner in which he watched the world go by, Norm’s interest grew. There before him was a man who was not uncomfortable sitting alone; he did not need to pretend to read a book or check his phone. He was just there, relaxed, observing life around him, a person who knew things. Tied up outside the shop, Cocoa had watched her own hero, staring through the glass at her master until he plucked up the courage to come out and find a table near Percy, whatever he had come to purchase or browse forgotten. The café, Norm came to know, was a place Percy regularly enjoyed a cappuccino followed by a large watermelon juice, often carrying the cold drink with him as he walked the gardens. 
And so from that day, watching became a pastime for Norm. Each morning he would travel to the gardens as he always did, to walk his dog and enjoy the space, but now he looked out for Percy. The reward for seeing him was elation, the downside disappointment; disappointment tended to rule.
Norm never spoke with his wife about Percy. He and she rubbed along very well without any fuss about who liked whom or why. She happily worked, he merrily lazed, she had friends, he had friends, and they shared just a few that were mutual. In many ways, they were suited. But unlike Norm, a firm follower of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, his wife was not a devout person. She, too, was Mormon, but it was a default label only, lightly etched upon her by nose-led parents. Norm had never expected to marry someone so lacking in faith, but found himself more attracted to her than any woman he’d met. Anticipating quite correctly that she would willingly hold the reins of both work and domestic life, and therefore Norm’s life, they’d married. His choice, he often felt, had been brought about by God, because Norm could not have predicted that his wife’s marital demands would be so easily refocused. The idea of her infidelity roused such little conflict he did not think of it often.
Norman Sullivan; handsome, tanned and groomed to perfection. A silver fox. His devotion to the church had tested him all his life, forcing him to suppress the person he was, ignoring what Nature had created. Meeting Percy did not merely strain his neatly casketed world at the seams, but forced it to explode with an ejaculation of emotion. No scripted golden tablets flew free, only wild hope tempered by mild terror, a fear that to continue burying his head in the sand might result in suffocation.
*
A time came when random encounters were not enough. 
Accidental Percy-spotting ceased to satisfy Norm, resulting in strategic thinking. Instead of wandering around hopefully, pretending to himself that doing it this way meant he wasn’t really following another man, he started placing himself near the café, out of sight, then following Percy at a discreet distance for as long as Percy was in the park. The days Percy did not come, he would give up at midday. 
But too soon, any satisfaction found through premeditated gazing also failed to be enough. Like any addict, the romantic in Norm needed more, no matter what his prudent, retrained, other self, maintained to the contrary.
So the day Norm noticed his friend, Joyann Tan, talking with Percy, had felt like a gift. If the thin clouds had parted and a shaft of Singapore sunshine had shot down from the heavens to illuminate the object of his affections, it could not have been more perfect. He’d endured infatuations before, aside from the lecturer, and always tried his best to hide his feelings beneath his faith. All men should love one another, after all. But the fact was, it wasn’t yet working with Percy.
The presence of Joyann was a Godsend in more ways than one, not only offering Norm a way in, but a possible way out, because since he was unable to ignore his feelings, practical-Norm looked to try and put himself off Percy. Practical-Norm hoped he might discover that this man who had seized his heart was not worth the guilt; that he might be awful. For realistically, how could a man he had never met provoke such instant adoration and also be a worthwhile person? Surely it would be too good to be true? It was not possible to be the perfect being, Norm supposed, to be there, just like that, to be wonderful and accessible. Was it? His longing was not the result of chemistry, Norm was sure. There was no unseen, ill-defined attraction pulling them together regardless of suitability. Norm was not stupid; he did not suffer from the imagined fancies of many besotted individuals. There had been no shared glances, real or otherwise. Nor was he looking at a man who wrestled his desires as he himself did.
Yet as much as this showed him to be no fool, Norm was in many ways exactly that. He continued to turn away from what he really wanted in life, his unwavering faith leaving him powerless even to balance his view using the old adage, you only live once. Nor for the time being could Norm see that while he questioned his thoughts regarding Percy, he had already allowed two men to capture his heart without challenge: Joseph Smith and Jesus Christ.
Earlier in the day, before spotting him with Joyann, Norm had watched Percy alight alone from the bus, enter the park and sit down at the café after buying only juice. He and Cocoa had walked by very close to Percy, but Percy hadn’t looked up. Soon after, just when Cocoa was being silly and dragging Norm to some freshly scratched hole in the ground, he had seen Percy again, walking. Norm’s heart skipped a beat, because he hadn’t realised Percy would be moving on so soon, and Cocoa’s distracting behaviour had meant he had nearly missed him. Cocoa, for the moment, was determined to keep going in a different direction, and so Norm felt unable to follow. Since the day was not too hot, he’d found it quite easy to mooch about the grounds, in the hope of seeing Percy again. And then of course he had, outside the National Orchid Garden, talking with Joyann Tan; an enormous and very welcome surprise. But again, Cocoa was in control, this time immovable rather than forging ahead, until Percy and Joyann had disappeared inside and Norm was unable to follow because dogs were not allowed in. So Norm treated himself to ice cream from the nearby booth, knowing the pair would be some time, recalling Joyann’s love of orchids, particularly the country’s national flower, the orchid Vanda Miss Joaquim. Growing in pots outside her hardware store, Norm had openly admired the long stems and pretty flowers. She had said something he could no longer recall about the name, and told him the plant fairly represented the country, including the fact it had mixed parentage. But mostly she liked it for the pink flowers. 
After a very long wait, Norm had wondered dolefully if the pair would ever surface again, thinking that perhaps Joyann had overwhelmed poor Percy with her horticultural passions. But he couldn’t leave; there was only one way in and therefore only one way out. Norm chose to wait, seating himself somewhere less conspicuous.
Joyann was one of his few Singaporean friends and it was a great surprise to see her with Percy. On moving to Singapore, Norm had hoped for more friends like her, at first living in a house on a street amongst local people for exactly that reason. But soon it became clear that integrating would be as slow here as in any big city, anywhere in the world; in fact, it might never happen. And so he and his wife cut their losses and moved to a nice condo instead. Norm liked it very much, and enjoyed the fact he shared his space with families. He never felt lonely.
Eventually the pair emerged, Joyann carrying a new orchid. Gathering Cocoa, Norm took a route that he knew would collide with theirs, and after jumping out on them on the Rainforest Boardwalk, it had taken a moment for him to recover himself and greet Joyann because he was so caught up in speaking with Percy. Flustered excitement had overwhelmed his normally impeccable good manners, and he’d felt bad about it afterwards. But he was excited, too. After all the build up, he wasn’t sure if Percy was what he’d expected, for all preconceptions evaporated with the impact of finally speaking, and then with sheer delight at having been presented with the means to remain in contact. That morning, when he and Cocoa entered the gardens, he would never have dreamed he would be going home with a telephone number, and by day’s end, providing he didn’t delve too deeply into his delight, Norm felt nothing but happiness. 
Practical-Norm’s hope for release from infatuation was as if it had never been.
Chapter 9
MEETINGS
‘So will I get to come to one of these meetings with you?’
‘Since when did you want to do anything with me, Sal?’
Sal looked away, and continued packing her carry on case. Percy thought she seemed slighted. Lately, he had been putting extra effort into reading Sal’s emotions. After all, he hadn’t moved seven thousand miles for nothing. But it wasn’t easy.
They’d had a row several nights before, because Sal had forgotten Percy’s birthday. The argument was not so much about her forgetting, as Percy having the cheek to moan about it. If he’d thought it through first, he would not have said a word.
‘After all, Percy,’ she had spat, ‘you forgot mine last year and the year before!’
‘Sal…’ he had pleaded. ‘I didn’t forget. I remembered, and then it sort of slipped my mind. Then I remembered again, and then it just went.’
‘That, Percy Field, is forgetting!’
After the row, once his wife was sleeping soundly next to him, pretty face peaceful, Percy had marvelled at the skill with which she had turned his own complaint against him. She had effectively taken the knife he was holding, and without allowing him to release his grip, turned the blade and stabbed him in the eye, before yelling, what did you do that for? There were certainly many levels of genius to be found in his wife, he had mused.
Now, watching her pack for yet another business trip, he pondered further. Her success in other things besides manipulation came to the fore. How did it feel, he thought, to be the only one working and bringing in the money? Did he wish it were he and not she, putting food on the table and wine in the glass? He wasn’t sure. More than earning money, he missed working with his hands, though not enough to do anything about it. And the Discussion Group, that uncomfortable idea Joyann had turned into a great success, certainly filled a space. But there was still a void and Percy felt sure it wasn’t anything to do with working or groups.
‘Shall we do something when you get back?’ he said, sitting on the edge of the bed. ‘Something nice, for my birthday and all your birthdays we’ve missed?’
‘We’ve missed?’
‘Okay. I’ve missed.’
‘Sure, why not,’ she said simply, folding a silk shirt and placing it carefully in her bag. ‘What do you suggest?’
‘I dunno. Maybe try and find that pottery place again?’ he winced inwardly. He really did not want to do that.
Sal flashed him a wry look, ‘Percy. You seem to think I only like doing stuff that you hate. It is possible that you and I still have some things in common, you know.’
‘Okay. Then let’s get tickets for the night race when it comes.’
‘The what?’
‘Formula One. It’s a night race. Could be good.’
‘Can you think of something different, something not that?’ she said, zipping up one half of the case before making minor adjustments to the items packed the other side.
‘How about we go mountain biking?’
Sal said nothing, 
‘How about trying the wave machine thing? Or zip-wire-wave-board something or another? 
Flipping the case shut, before fastening the two sides together, Sal said, ‘I’d hate that and you’d hate that,’ she waggled her head and Percy knew she was balancing a cynical view point. ‘In which case, it would be an experience in common, I suppose.’
‘Fucking hell, Sal. Help me out here.’
‘Percy, I don’t know what to suggest. My head is filled with work stuff; I have six major meetings in the space of forty-eight hours, and you’re nagging me about having a day out.’
‘A spa! You love treatments. And massages.’
‘You hate them.’
‘Hang on a minute. I do not hate massages.’
‘No, that’s true. Because you like giving them, providing it doesn’t include feet, arms, legs or backs. Only breasts and vaginas.’
‘Whoa!’
‘What? It’s true. You never want a massage and only give them to get something back.’
Percy hesitated. He couldn’t argue, though he felt tempted to ask how she could be certain of any of this, since she hadn’t let him near her in months. The instigator of sex, Sal had never been, but once upon a time she at least seemed willing. ‘Okay. So not a spa day.’
‘I have to go.’
‘The theatre.’
Sal swept her bag from the bed. ‘Theatre?’
‘Yes. We’d both enjoy that. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it sooner.’
A half smile appeared. ‘Fine. You look for something.’
Percy studied her for a moment. ‘You could come to one of the meetings. I’d be happy for you to join the group.’
‘I’ll text later. Have a good day, and don’t forget Mila is coming for a thorough clean. Be dressed.’
*
After Sal had gone, Percy sent a text to Phrike and arranged to meet him for lunch. He needed some sanity, the company of a straightforward man.
What Phrike did day-to-day was not clear to anyone. He worked, Percy knew, though seemed to be available more often than not. He always attended Discussion Group meetings, where he never offered a topic but never moaned about one either. He freely discussed the countries he travelled in, which seemed to be most, and spoke of work in every context except anything offering detail. 
With lunch confirmed, and reminded of his friend back in England, Percy set about emailing Art.

Art. Sorry not to have been in touch before. Hope all good with you. Fieldy.

Percy was about to hit send, when he thought the message looked a little light on information. He amended it:

Art. Sorry not to have been in touch before. It’s been busy. More later. Hope all good with you. Cheers. Fieldy.

He headed for the shower, thinking that if Mila turned up she’d just have to put up with the sight of him. Then he remembered her properly, that big face and bolshie manner, and showered as fast as he could, before dressing and heading out early.
He’d arranged to meet Phrike at The Tired Turtle, the bar at the bottom of Sixth Avenue, just across the road from The Bean. It was a small place, but friendly, and more importantly, open. It was too hot to take a stroll to fill the extra time he now had, so Percy instead opted to head across to the swimming pool for an hour. There was a shady seating area where he could put up his feet, and doze.
As he rounded the corner, he was dismayed to find a group of women already enjoying the shade he felt was meant for him. Next to them, a stream of young children were paddling up and down in the water of the shallow-end steps, playing in a way that appeared to necessitate very straight arms and the shouting of random instructions. The ground was littered with abandoned toy animals and cars; tables awash with carrot sticks and sliced cucumber, jugs of water and plates of rice-cakes. Poor bastards, thought Percy, looking ahead hungrily to his lunch.
 Two older kids were play fighting in the pool, seeming not to be part of the big group but supervised by their maids. The two middle-aged women were talking, bottoms perched side-by-side, bright tee shirts shiny with logos, colourful leggings rolled up as their lower legs dangled in the water. As Percy watched, so the uniformed guard who had previously reprimanded him for exposure walked over and gruffly told them to get out of the water. Without argument, each did as instructed, and instead found a seat. Unruffled, the pair carried on talking as if nothing had happened, lively chatter interspersed with barked demands for their charges to stop wrestling each other beneath the surface of the water.
Percy sighed. Why were all these people here? Shouldn’t they be at school or work or something? He chose to ignore the fact the maids were exactly that, at work. With the covered area far too busy for his liking, Percy selected a spot by the pool as far away from everyone as he could get. He pushed up a large parasol, and lying back on a lounger shut his eyes. Immediately his phone buzzed in his pocket.
From habit, Percy checked it straight away. Since being removed from his social circle in England, however small, he was beginning to look upon any communication as interesting. It was an email from Art. It said simply,

Fuck. Is that it?

Clearly Art was taking the piss. Percy checked the time and sent a reply. What are you doing up so early?

Art’s response was immediate. Toothache.

Percy thought for a moment. What should he say to that? Oh.

The reaction was swift. Cheers mate. What are you doing?

Percy smiled to himself. Lying by the pool.

Lucky Bastard! How’s Sal?

Away.

Oh.

Good to hear from you, Percy typed. He didn’t hit send. He missed Art. Why then could he think of nothing more to say? He changed the message. I’ll send you a proper email soon. It’s busy, but not busy, if you know what I mean. There’s nothing to say. I’ll have a think.

Sure mate. No worries. Got to go now. Going to be sick.

Ok.

Percy smiled. Art was great, and he really would send him a decent message later. Maybe he should remind him of the invitation to visit, although it was quite soon for that. Perhaps it would be better next year. Next year. This was a notion Percy normally kept suppressed, the idea that he would still be here in twelve month’s time; at least twelve months, since Sal’s was a two-year contract and they were not yet a full year in. The experience was made easier by taking things day-by-day, rather than acknowledging the whole.
Percy was just counting the months for an exact figure when something hard and wet smacked him in the face. Immediately came the rush of someone talking rapidly in the twanging language he knew was Tagalog, widely spoken in the Philippines. Quickly it changed to English and a string of apologies. Almost before Percy understood that a ball had hit him, a small boy was standing before him, arm firmly clutched in a helper’s fingers.
‘Sorry,’ the boy said.
Percy looked at the child. He didn’t appear especially remorseful, sorry only that his maid was making him apologise for the accident.
She repeated the apology and released the boy, who bombed straight back into the pool, sending plumes of water over Percy. The maid raised her hands in despair, apologised again, and with a shaking head rejoined her friend, who was laughing hard.
There was no point changing his clothes, Percy decided, for they would dry in time and once he’d walked to The Tired Turtle might be dripping in sweat in any case. But it wasn’t a nice feeling lying there soggy, so he got up, checked his phone was okay, and set off early to meet Phrike, feeling an extra beer to fill the time was suddenly a very pleasant prospect.
*
Percy had enjoyed two bottles of cold lager before Phrike arrived, and he’d also managed to send Art a more full email describing how he missed proper beer. He offered a brief description of The Tired Turtle, comparing its open front with the enclosed feel of the pub he and Art favoured. As before, Art replied immediately. 

Bad news mate. It’s for sale.

As a pub? Asked Percy

As anything.

It was at this point Phrike arrived, Percy open mouthed with the shock of what he had just learned. That his old pub might become someone’s house, or a set of offices, was unthinkable. Part of what kept Percy feeling that living abroad was doable was the idea that nothing at home would change while he was gone.
Phrike pulled up a stool. ‘You okay, Perc?’
Percy explained.
Phrike sympathised, but eased the blow by telling Percy of several Singapore microbreweries he knew of. ‘Maybe a good location for the Discussion Group?’
‘Yes! Good idea.’
Phrike retracted the remark immediately. ‘But maybe not. Not everyone drinks.’
‘So?’
The waitress took Phrike’s order. ‘Be a shame if some people didn’t come.’
Percy stared at Phrike, surprised to find him thinking of others so readily. ‘Like who?’
The big man shrugged. ‘Well, there’s that nice Indian girl…’
‘Is there?’
‘Sure. Meera, is it? She might not come.’
‘Oh her. She might though.’
‘Nice looking.’
Percy nodded in agreement. ‘It’s up to Joyann, anyway.’
‘You say that Perc, but she was telling me she would like other people to have a say. It’s too much always having to think of somewhere to go. Especially for such a large group.’
‘Suggest it then.’
‘Nah. It would be shame to make some people feel they couldn’t come along.’
Percy again stared at his friend. Phrike was always a little more inclined to think of others than Percy, but his behaviour seemed out of character. Percy expected him to leap at the chance of having the group meet in a bar, yet his reluctance was plain. ‘You okay?’
Phrike grinned. ‘Great! Really good thanks.’
Percy frowned inwardly. Phrike meant it. It seemed Percy himself might be the only one whose life currently felt like a broken rollercoaster, slowly rising and falling and creaking each turn, with no indication of when or where the crappy ride would end. He could see the afternoon stretching ahead of him, his evening shuffling into night, the following day a repeat, and he was grateful to Joyann for starting the group. 
‘Why don’t we go to a park?’ Percy suggested, the inspiration for this seemingly from nowhere.
‘What, now?’ Phrike held up his full bottle.
‘No. The group. Then we could take our own refreshments.’
‘Sounds like a plan.’
‘I’ll text her,’ said Percy.
‘Good idea. I can’t make the next one though.’
‘Shame.’ Percy forgot his pledge to think more about others, and didn’t ask why.
‘I’m working.’ Phrike said anyway.
Percy swigged his beer.
‘But I’ll make the next one, Perc.’
Chapter 10
NORM
Norm had been looking forward to meeting in the park. He had ambled along earlier than most, keen to find himself and Cocoa a comfortable place to sit. 
His first choice was overrun with ants, but not the large orangey-red sort that he had learned to avoid. One of these aggressive beasts had once clamped its jaws onto the loose skin of his scrotum, after climbing his leg unseen, glossy friends crowding his shoes in an effort to follow. No, these ants were different, small and black, and if they were the biting sort or not was irrelevant because he would not be sitting anywhere near them. 
Ants were a feature of life in Singapore. From time to time, Norm would have to wash them from his toothbrush before he could use it, the tiniest he had ever seen; little creatures having sneaked in from somewhere for the sweet residue of paste. And it was because of ants he had learned always to check his headphones before listening to music. Once, he’d put them on only to find one ear and his hair suddenly swarming with the insects. The horde had been merrily constructing a nest in one of the foamy earpieces, but when Norm-the-giant snatched up this new home and squashed it against his head, they’d burst into frenzy. One even raced inside Norm’s ear canal where it had bitten his eardrum. His wife said it probably wasn’t his eardrum, as Norm tore about the apartment clutching his head, shouting, screaming and batting writhing black dots from his white hair, all at the same time. But Norm remained convinced that it was, for the discomfort centred deep inside his head, the pain-equivalent of a long, long whistle.
The spot in the park Norm settled on was seemingly ant-free, a shady expanse of short, springy coarse grass beneath a large tree. He spread his tartan blanket and pulled it close to the trunk, so he could lean. Cocoa instinctively lay down on it. Because it was a coastal park, a light breeze drifted in providing some relief from the stuffy day. The night before, a thunderstorm had barged across the entire island, but in its wake, rather than freshness, another storm brewed.
While Norm waited for the others to arrive, he sat back and watched a large group of adults playing games, the sort involving everyone and lots of laughing. As he watched one sari-clad woman trying to bite an apple that was dangling by a piece of string from a tree, he smiled to himself. How nice to be part of something, he thought, just as he, Norm, was part of something. Since a child, the church had given him a sense of place, and now the group did also. He scanned the area for members, but saw none. He checked the time using his phone, and reread a text, confirming for himself that he was indeed waiting in the correct location.
Not too much later, members started to arrive, and soon it was clear there would be a full turn out. This necessitated dividing people into several groups. Joyann, who had also thought the idea of a park meeting was excellent, set to work, randomly picking who would sit with whom. She issued a single topic, and after the usual chatter everyone began talking in earnest.
The only problem, Norm felt, was Percy. Where was he?
Norm had sent three messages already, none of which elicited a response. He was used to this and coped with it in one of two ways. Sometimes, he decided Percy’s phone was not receiving messages, other times that quirky Percy was poor at replying. Only occasionally did Norm consider the third possibility, of deliberate avoidance. This option took his train of thought to a place he did not want to be, so he chose never to explore it. As a distraction, he would occupy himself some other way, perhaps with a prayer, until he had forgotten the thing he was avoiding.
He had just stopped waiting and put Percy from his mind, when the man himself appeared. Dressed in navy linen chinos and a white short-sleeved shirt, he strolled as if he was early rather than late, casually waving to Joyann when she called his name. Norm felt relief flood over him.
Pleased he had maintained a place for Percy next to him on the blanket, Norm waved. Joyann then indicated it was the only space left. Percy sat down, crossed legged. Norm opened a small rucksack he’d brought, and drew out a bottle heavily wrapped in cloth.
‘What’s that?’ Percy asked, without apology or excuse to anyone for his tardiness.
‘I thought as it was quite a late meeting this time, we might enjoy something special.’ He watched Percy’s expression as he peeled away the layers. ‘I put some ice-blocks in my bag. Quite heavy and lumpy to get here, but at least it will be a little lighter going home.’ He grinned, and passed the bottle to Percy. ‘Could you open it please? I’ll get the cups; plastic, I’m afraid. Drink anyone?’
Once Norm had enjoyed the first mouthful, he was rather relieved the only takers were Percy and himself. The homemade lemonade was delicious and refreshing, lending the late afternoon a pleasant sort of melancholy with its hint of times-gone-by. In this newly relaxed state, Norm found himself more able to offer opinions than usual. Between small cupfuls, he made sure to prop the bottle back amongst the ice-blocks. 
The topic Joyann issued had everyone pulling out smart-phones to search the Internet. Norm wondered aloud if, as with a few other topics, it should have been given out ahead of time, and much to Norm’s delight Percy agreed. The topic was in fact a question:

If William Shakespeare had been a woman?
 
To pause for thought had been the initial reaction of most, but this had lasted only a moment. Members found themselves turning to face the person next to them and asking where on earth anyone could start with a question like that. Some brows rose in delight, others furrowed irritably; some people felt it was too broad, others too specific. But it achieved the purpose of all Discussion Group topics: it got people talking. And once they were talking so debate began, and once debate was underway no one any longer considered Joyann’s topic anything other than perfect. Before the members, the Bard’s work had become a mix of unravelled spools, heaps of loosely tangled threads ready for sorting.
 In the midst of banter about whether Romeo rather than Juliet might have taken the toxic draught had the play been penned by Wilhelmina, Percy grabbed Norm’s arm. 
‘What is it?’ Norm had expected some deep revelation about gender roles. It was nothing so expansive.
‘I keep forgetting to look from something to see with Sal. I said I’d take her to the theatre.’
‘Look something up now,’ Norm suggested, saddened to discover Percy’s theatrical thoughts had drifted to his wife.
‘Nah. I’ll do it later. We’re doing this.’
Norm smiled. ‘Top up?’
*
It all passed by too quickly, leaving Norm with a sense that while something lovely had been shared, it would come only this once. He shook off the feeling. Both he and Percy were part of something bigger than them both and they would see each other many times yet; the Discussion Group as an entity was not likely to end soon, and so by default nor would their friendship. But as they packed up to leave so the lemonade induced melancholy hardened itself. Was this it, he questioned? Was this all he could be, all he might ever share with Percy? In his head he conversed with God, seeking strength to bear the test that had been placed upon his shoulders. After, he felt a little better.
Not far away, Phrike was standing and stretching his huge frame, a cloth shopping bag filled with what Norm knew were empty beer bottles in hand. At the last minute he’d been able to come and was smiling broadly, talking with his group; they’d stood up while still forming the circle they’d been sitting in on the ground. Just as Norm’s own circle had chosen to sit upon blankets or cushions, so had they; save for one older lady who had the foresight to bring a foldout chair, and Meera who had done the same. Another group, Norm noticed, had all brought chairs. Why had he thought only to bring chilled lemonade?
Phrike reminded Norm of action films, specifically the hero, though sometimes in modern films the baddie might look that way too. Tall, broad, lean and strong; short hair, clean-shaven. And he had Percy’s ear. Phrike was a man’s man, as was Percy. Norm was not sure what category he himself fell into, though he doubted he could be classed as a man’s man in the same way.
Action films.
Heroes. 
Norm’s mind drifted momentarily, wandering back in time to a Hollywood blockbuster he knew well, though could not recall exactly when he had seen it or with whom, since film watching was not a regular part of his youth. Yet somehow he had watched The Greatest Story Ever Told more than once. Charlton Heston’s masculine portrayal of John the Baptist, his lone voice crying out in the wilderness, had moved the young Norman Sullivan, helping to shift unsettling feelings about who he was into a more manageable space. He wondered if he might find the film somewhere on the Internet and watch it again, awakening from his mental stroll to find himself gazing at Percy. Here was the man whose very existence had prompted an older Norman Sullivan to revisit that space.
Percy was talking with Joyann nearby. She had swiftly cleared up her own mini camp and come over. Is that what he, Norm, looked like when talking with Percy, so happy and at ease? Because while it was true that he felt happy when he was with him, Norm did not always feel easy. He often felt unable to say the right thing, while Percy, on the other hand, always managed to say exactly what was required. Percy could be short, often brusque, but he was never wrong. If Norm could have Percy speak for him then he would gladly relinquish his voice, because Percy, in his own sullen way, appeared to understand everyone and everything.
Chapter 11
SOCIABILITY
When the various subgroups started breaking up, Norm invited Percy home for a drink. It was late, and, as Norm explained, his home was en route to Percy’s. They could enjoy a glass of fizzy by the pool and perhaps admire the pretty lights the management had put up, since they were likely to be sitting outside after nightfall. His wife was not teetotal, he revealed, so Percy’s fizzy could be wine even if his own was more lemonade. He could have the maid rustle up a poolside dinner, Norm added, excitedly. 
‘Isn’t that one of the great treats of this climate, and of having domestic help?’ he cried. ‘A meal made by someone else by the pool; I think it’s pure luxury.’
 Without saying a word, Percy looked to Joyann. Being alone with Norm would not be anywhere near as relaxing as spending time with Art or Phrike, far from it. While at some level he appreciated Norm’s well-intentioned company, it made him wary. A forgotten feeling stirred, the one he used to get at the prospect of his grandmother’s homemade earache curative; part of him had wanted it, and part him felt revulsion at the idea of pouring urine into his ear. His mother’s fix was considerably more pleasant: a warm hot water bottle wrapped in a soft towel and one junior aspirin. 
The instant Percy’s gaze landed on Joyann, Norm invited her too. She nodded, brightly, smiling at Percy as if also agreeing on his behalf. Until that moment, Percy had been considering going straight back home to try and persuade Sal to have an early dinner with him somewhere nice. For once she was working from home, and Percy was concerned that despite spending time around him she still hadn’t reminded him about the planned theatre trip. In fact, there had been no nagging of any sort, which he considered was very unlike her. Her increasingly distant mood was making him apprehensive, though in an ill-defined way. 
He was about to say to Norm that he really should to go home, thinking he must book something up at the theatre if nothing else, when he stopped. Norm’s face bore a strange look of appeal, and Joyann’s her usual unfailing good humour. Being honest with himself, Percy thought the idea of wine and dinner by the pool was a pleasant one. Of course it would be good to have dinner with Sal and sort out the theatre trip, but the most likely outcome of heading back now would be sitting alone, whether by the pool or otherwise. So with limited grace, he agreed.
Percy phoned for a taxi, which arrived within a few minutes. ‘Don’t you love that?’ he remarked, climbing in.
‘Love what?’ Norm said, getting in next and shuffling up alongside Percy.
‘Taxis.’ Percy replied. ‘They come so quickly. I reckon one day a cab might turn up even before I know I need it.’
‘Is it different in England?’ Joyann questioned, taking the front passenger seat at Phrike’s instruction, after he’d asked to share the ride.
‘Is it different in England?’ Percy repeated. ‘Yes it is different. Where Sal and I used to live you had to book days in advance.’
‘Is this true?’
‘Yes. Weeks, even.’
‘Really?’
‘In some places, yes.’
‘Percy!’ Joyann chuckled. ‘You are teasing me.’
‘I am not!’
‘You are. I have been to London and there were taxis everywhere.’
‘Then why did you ask? Anyway, I’m not from London. And while you were there did you try phoning for one?’
‘No…’
‘Then how can you know?’
The driver interrupted their banter, ‘No vomiting, huh,’ he said.
‘Why would anyone vomit?’ asked Percy, looking partly to Joyann for the answer, thinking that since she was local she might shed some light on what seemed an unusually specific request. 
Looking equally puzzled, Joyann shrugged and shook her head.
‘Him.’ The driver’s dark eyes, reflected in the rear view mirror, were anchored on Phrike. They narrowed, accusingly.
‘Not me, mate,’ said Phrike. ‘I’ve only had these.’ The bottles chinked and rattled as he held up the bag.
The driver shook his head and pulled away, muttering.
*
Phrike declined Percy’s invitation to join them at Norm’s, saying he had other matters to attend to.
Once home, Norm set about giving his maid instructions. He explained exactly what food and drink he wanted and where she should lay it out. She smiled, a willing helper. Percy could see Norm was not one to misuse his position. He was glad. Many things made Percy uncomfortable when he was in the company of another person, all too often nothing more than the fact of their presence. But since arriving in Singapore, the list of dislikes had grown to include the treatment of live-in helpers. So far, Percy had had little reason to spend time inside other people’s houses, but the few entered he’d later walked away from feeling dirty, as if by being there he’d made himself complicit in his host’s prejudice, or at least condoned their view.
One event in particular had seen him on the verge of an unpleasant outburst, something even he knew to be inappropriate when a guest in someone else’s home. He had quelled the sensation artificially in the only way he had ever found guaranteed to lift his spirits, the consumption of them; of any alcohol, in fact. Morose when sober, Percy was fortunate enough to make a happy and forgiving drunk.
Sal had insisted on accepting the invitation to dinner, and Percy, trying to show willing, had only moaned a little and then gone along without too great a fuss. The host was some boring man and his dull wife Percy had never met before, both colleagues of Sal. They were English people who had lived in Singapore for a long time. Length of stay was key, Percy was slowly realising, to the manner in which maids were treated. The more acclimatised to the way of life a person was, the less tolerant they became; the less they remembered they were dealing with human beings. Human beings from challenging circumstances. 
There was no one thing that bothered him that night. It was more an accumulation of sly looks and comments made by the wife every time the over-worked maid left the room, such as ‘That one has to go. She’s too stupid. I mean, they’re often stupid, but this one!’ followed by a giggle. Then ‘But they’re so hard to train, aren’t they?’ followed by wide, questioning eyes Percy had imagined plucking out with a fork.
He had said, ‘So why not trade her in for a monkey? They’re quite easy to train, especially if all you want is something to laugh at with your friends.’
But for once he’d said it quietly, and Sal had driven her bony elbow into his arm, hard. Her glare delivered the fiercest blow, however; a harsh look loaded with more venom than he had seen in a long time. Even before Singapore and the inequality found there between employers of domestic help and the employed, Sal accepted things for the sake of politeness. But he could not, because he could not see how it was possible to pretend in the face of such error.
Even so, for Sal’s sake he had for once resisted further comment. As other guests discussed how hard it was to break in a new maid, especially in the kitchen, Percy kept his own counsel and his glass topped up, drinking until he would not be able to string together more than two words had he wanted to. It proved a pleasant solution, though less so come morning.
Norm, Joyann and Percy took some drinks to the poolside, followed by the maid who carried a tray of plates and cutlery. Leaving it on a low table surrounded by cushioned seating, she said dinner would be half an hour, if that suited. As the three made themselves comfortable, Norm requested one hour instead, and she smiled her acknowledgment before withdrawing.
Dark would come before dinner was served, but the dimming on the horizon did not only indicate nightfall. The temperature was rising despite the lateness of the hour. As happened so often, a storm was building.
*
‘I think it will rain soon, Norman. I hope we have time to enjoy our food,’ Joyann said.
‘We can always go in.’
‘That would be a shame’ she replied. ‘I like sitting here. In fact, I have enjoyed this day very much. I am not often spontaneous, so it has been nice to find I can still do it.’
‘Another drink?’ Percy asked her, holding up a bottle of prosecco.
‘A small one, please. Thank you, Percy.’
‘But not for you Norm.’ Percy felt compelled to double check.
‘No. Thank you.’
‘Because of your faith?’
‘Percy!’ Joyann reprimanded. ‘Just because someone does not drink, it does not mean you have to question them.’
‘It’s okay,’ said Norm. ‘I’m used to it. I’m often asked why.’
Percy poured a drink for himself. ‘So, do you know why you mustn’t drink?’
‘What do you mean? It’s part of who I am. Of my faith.’
‘But why is it?’ Percy said. ‘What’s the problem with it?’
‘Percy,’ Joyann interjected, ‘there are many faiths where alcohol is shunned.’
‘Well I wouldn’t know about them, particularly,’ said Norm.
‘You do not think about other religions, being religious yourself?’ Joyann questioned.
Norm’s tanned brow creased. ‘Why would I? I was raised in my church, why should that mean I have knowledge of other religions?’
‘Because you are interested?’ offered Percy.
Norm smiled, ‘But I am not interested. I believe what I believe. Besides, for whatever reason, my parent’s kept us fairly private. Of course we joined up with our church wherever we lived, that family feel is the beauty of it. But there was none of the…’ he paused.
‘None of the standing on street corners or knocking on doors I have heard about,’ Joyann finished.
Norm forced a shudder and smiled. ‘Thankfully, no. I would have hated it. So I suppose I never came up against anyone questioning my faith, either. I’ve never had reason to think about what other people believe.’ His eyes flicked to Percy.
‘How can you be so sure about something without having checked the options? You wouldn’t buy a car that way.’
‘Cars! Percy! Religion and cars are not the same thing,’ Joyann cried.
 ‘It sounds as if you think I should have crossed-referenced before settling for what I was raised with, Percy? I mean, who does that?’
Joyann laughed. ‘Ah! I think you are onto something, Norman. Perhaps there should be a catalogue of faiths to choose from.’
Norm chuckled, ‘Yes. Rather than Which magazine it could be Witch, so for Pagans too.’ He smiled with satisfaction.
‘I suppose I…’ Percy paused. Much as he didn’t want him to be, Norm was right. Why would he have theological knowledge beyond his own belief system? Dog owners are not necessarily experts in regard to the feline world, just because they own something four-legged, hairy, with a tail and whiskers and a body full of fleas. ‘Where’s Cocoa?’ he asked, changing the subject.
‘The grooming parlour. My wife is collecting her on her way home from work. She should be back soon.’
‘So will we get to meet Misses Sullivan, Norman?’ Joyann smiled. ‘You and I have known each other for sometime, but I have never seen you with her.’
‘We tend to do our own thing.’ Norm’s head spun round, ‘Actually, that might be her now.’
The apartment was close to the pool, so from where they were sitting it was possible to see very easily through the open glass doors to the interior. Inside, with Cocoa, a large shape moved about.
‘Jeez. Who ate all the pies?’ Percy muttered, without thinking.
‘Excuse me?’ questioned Norm.
Joyann said nothing, silently watching Percy with a small frown.
‘Huh? Oh. Dinner. I was just thinking about dinner. Will your wife be joining us?’
‘I expect so. Cocoa,’ he called. ‘Cocoa!’
The dog came bounding out, but was unable to reach her master because the apartment had a small terrace to the front, separated from the wider area by a fence and closed gate. 
Norm stood up and went to her. He snatched a lead from the air as it hurtled towards him from inside. ‘You coming too?’ he called out.
Percy heard Norm’s wife say yes, her singsong voice pretty and upbeat.
Norm returned to his seat with Cocoa. For a few minutes the dog fidgeted, clearly finding it hard to settle when she was so pleased to see everyone. Eventually, she lay down, her hairy chin resting on his feet, eyebrows twitching as her gaze travelled between the three watching her.
‘That’s a little too warm on my toes,’ Norm said, smiling.
‘It is very sticky,’ Joyann remarked, fanning herself with her fingers. ‘It’s becoming quite dark over there. I am certain it will rain soon.’
‘We can sit it out,’ Norm chuckled, ‘we don’t have far to run!’
Joyann began recounting the tale of a large storm from a few years before, when lightning had struck an old tree that did not have a conductor fitted. ‘I saw it explode,’ she said, going on to describe in detail the sound and smell of the strike, as well as the sight of it.
Disinterested, Percy’s thoughts drifted, wondering about Sal and if he should send her a message to say he wouldn’t be eating with her tonight. Again, he had the sense that he should be at home, but once more rejected the idea. She would be too busy to notice his absence, he decided. As he reflected on this and other Sal related matters, the singsong voice announced its presence.
‘Good evening.’ 
Percy turned. Norm’s wife was even larger than she had first appeared in the shadowy interior of the apartment. For a moment, Percy’s eyes were caught upon the great bosom before him. He struggled to wrestle his gaze free, and when he did he allowed it to meet hers. Percy saw then that she was very beautiful.
He stood up and put out a hand. ‘Pleased to meet you. I’m Percy, Percy Field.’
Before she said anything, Percy noted recognition in her expression. Norm must have mentioned his name. But if he had, she didn’t say so. 
‘Verity. Nice to meet you, Percy. And you must be Joyann. I’ve heard a lot about you.’
Joyann stood up, ‘Good things, I hope. I am very happy to meet you at last, Verity.’
‘Do you mind if I join you?’
‘Please do,’ Percy said, thinking how charming her soft welsh accent was coupled with a smooth, husky, tone. He then looked at the available seating, quickly realising the only space remaining was on the sofa between him and Joyann. It was rather narrow. He hesitated.
Joyann moved, ‘Would you mind if I use your bathroom?’ she said.
Verity gave directions, while Norm collected an extra seat from nearby. Percy took it, allowing Verity the sofa with Joyann upon her return. He hated moments like this. He watched as Joyann disappeared. Had she needed to go, or was this the Singaporean way of avoiding the challenge of Verity’s wide girth? 
At that moment the maid appeared, carrying a tray piled high with spring rolls. She placed it on the table, saying she would bring everything else. Soon, the table was filled with food, including a large platter of prepared fruit.
When Joyann returned, they began. Percy tried unsuccessfully not to watch Verity, curious to see what she would put on her plate. As she held a slice of watermelon, he noticed she had very small hands, neat and soft looking, with manicured nails. Sal’s hands were manicured too, but it made them look thin and hard. He also noticed Verity had the most startlingly blue eyes.
As he looked, so the first spots of rain landed.
Chapter 12
WHEN LOVE AND LUCK PART
At first Percy did not see the note. He washed off his bike, caked with mud from tackling Bukit Timah mountain bike trail after days of heavy storms, then he showered and poured a cold drink, before settling down to peruse what the government felt was acceptable news for the nation to read, in the Straits Times. Percy didn’t miss the gritty reports of home about the number of muggings and murders, just as he didn’t mind Singapore’s cheery claim of national brilliance while the rest of the world admitted ineptitude. But he did mind the amateurish car reviews. He wasn’t a petrol head or spoiler fanatic, or a man inclined to spend too much money on his vehicle of choice, but he was interested. He liked a professional opinion alongside a professional photograph. The image offending him on this occasion was a photograph taken of a foot-well from above, in which the photographer had left the keys in shot. Worse, the key fob was of a kind issued with a hire car.
It was tossing aside this offensive material that caused a small, white envelope to detach itself from the plastic, golden Lucky Cat, sitting on a shelf, whose waving front leg had stopped. The envelope fluttered a little, and then slipped along the polished white floor, arriving at Percy’s feet as if it had been placed there. Sometime later, Percy contemplated Sal’s motives, questioning whether she had deliberately positioned the note as some kind of spiteful statement: the cat, once busily drawing in good fortune with its waving paw, was now defunct and so perhaps harbouring unpleasantness. But Sal was not like that, he decided, for in Percy’s opinion Sal did not think or see beyond herself. And that was the problem, because neither did he.
When he reached for the envelope, it did not occur to Percy that it might contain the news that it did. Once in his hands, he could see there was a certain formality about it, such as the fact that it was sealed, but he expected a message about milk or bread or some other trivial domestic matter, anything but this domestic matter. Something deep inside was suspicious, however, for even if Percy’s conscious self ignored the strangeness of it all, his fingers shook as he opened it.
As he read, Percy found the meaning hard to absorb, as if he had miraculously discovered a way to read a foreign language without first learning the code and how to interpret it. But then, one by one, words fell into place, and his stomach lurched painfully. His first clear thought was accusatory: that she had encouraged him to ride that morning simply so she could creep away without a fuss. She was a coward, he decided, sickened to think that while he was merrily struggling through the sticky jungle she was steadily packing her crisp clean, Mila-ironed underwear. All these years together, and he hadn’t known she was capable of being sneaky. Hard on him sometimes, yes. Deceitful? No. At least, she never had been before.
The letter claimed there was no one else involved, and that nothing would really change, but Sal felt they had grown apart and she couldn’t bear to live with him anymore. She thanked him, which Percy found macabre. 

I feel guilty that you had to give up so much, yet still it didn’t work. So I thank you, for coming here with me, to give us one last shot. 

One last shot? Is that what this had been, Percy hissed to himself, one last shot, rather than a couple trying to put their marriage back on track? Would he have come, he wondered, had he known of this one last shot, because it was a fucking big one last shot to make.
She made brief mention of his boorish nature, saying he was dull and socially inept, with a further comment that she no longer found these foibles charming. The days when she looked upon his sourness as dry wit were gone and unrecoverable. 

I miss feeling that way, the letter went on. I miss finding you funny.

But Sal also expressed her hope that they could be friends. Percy couldn’t imagine anything worse, and to read it made his chest feel tight.
If he wanted to stay in Singapore, she said, then he could remain her dependent for a limited time, but he might also consider getting a job. This suggestion made Percy cross. She knew he had given up a perfectly good career to follow her to a country where it would not be possible for him to work in his field. The house governed the limited time, she added, and was his until the rental contract ended in a little over a year. After it was finished, he would have to fund the place himself, or move out. Percy laughed out loud. Where would he find the twelve thousand dollars a month needed to pay the rent? She knew the whole housing market in Singapore was astronomical. They could only afford the home they had because the company paid, for even with Sal’s large salary it was too much. True, he might be able to find a job outside of his specialism, but not easily and not for a wage anything close to the sum of money required. Even if he moved to a small apartment, it would not cost less than four thousand.
The letter continued on to say that if he wanted to go back to England the company would pay to repatriate him, but probably only if he went within the next year before the marital breakdown became official. After that they may choose not to. She made no mention of where she would be living, but said for the time being she would pay an amount each month into the joint bank account. Mila would continue to come and clean and iron. She wasn’t abandoning him, only ending their marriage. What she had come to realise was that she no longer loved him.
Those four simple words took the wind from Percy, and the next thing he knew he was kneeling on the floor. Tears welled as he gritted his teeth. Why had it taken nearly seven thousand miles for her to discover this fact? His jaw released as a long jarring breath emptied him. What a mess it was.
He remained for a moment where he was, staring at the words suspended in unmoving fingers. It then occurred to Percy that Sal’s letter contained an unusual amount of practical information and very little emotion, as if she wanted to finish things as efficiently as she worked. 
There was not much sadness in it and even less regret. From this he realised that not all her words were true. It was an awful, sick making realisation: there was someone else. But who? 
The letter was signed Oracles, as if that pet name somehow softened the blow or bridged the broken bond, and it was the word that finally broke Percy’s heart.
*
‘Would it cheer you up if I told you that I used my sandwich as a face pack today?’
Percy looked into his beer, miserably. Whilst trying to drown his hurt in amber nectar, he’d been spotted by Meera, good friend of Joyann and the Discussion Group member Phrike found so attractive. An open plan bar set amongst shops in a popular mall was never likely to be a good hiding place, a fact he had realised with regret the moment he understood she was planning to join him. In the depths of gloom, Percy hated company more than anything, except being at home.
Meera was a truly modern Singaporean, although her family were originally from India. Very attractive with long dark hair fashionably layered about her face, wearing tight white jeans and a fitted sequined top accentuating her curvaceous figure, Percy’s eyes would normally have found a more interesting place to focus than in his beer. But they did not. 
‘I had a client this morning insisting on an avocado facial treatment,’ she said, ‘even though we’d run out of stock. I tell you, Percy, these rich people think they own you. Anyway, I remembered I had bought an avocado and brie wrap for my lunch, only one or two bites missing, snatched in a moment of overwhelming hunger during a back exfoliation. You know how it is. So I opened it up and smeared it on.’
‘Is that true?’ Percy was not laughing, but he liked the story.
‘Yes Percy, of course, as God is my witness. And she loved it. She’s coming back next week. I only hope I can get the same wrap again. But hey, it is our secret, lah. Okay?’
‘Okay lah.’ Percy frowned, ‘Who would I tell anyway?’
‘Hey, enough of the self-pity! You said Sal never listened to you, so what will you miss?’
Percy sighed heavily. ‘Where’s a beer aunty when you need one?’ 
When first in Singapore, the presence of beer aunties irritated Percy. He wanted to go up to the bar as he did at home in England, and there examine the available ales and beers advertised on the pump handles. In his own time, he would choose one, watch it pour, pay for it, take it and sit down. What he didn’t want was to have some uniformed woman hovering nearby hoping to catch his eye, before pouring him the single lager they were selling whilst smiling and making small talk.
As if by magic, a woman appeared and set about topping up his glass. A second, much younger woman – too young for the traditional, deferential, title of aunty, even though her job required it – tried to nudge her way in. She was successfully repelled by the first with the strike of a stony glare, plus a small shove. Percy thanked the victorious aunty and she drifted off to find other keen drinkers, before her competitor lured them with the softness of her youth.
‘I tell you, if Sal comes to my salon I will add sambal to my sandwich and give it a firm rub in her eyes. I promise you, Percy. It will sting. Oh yes, it will sting. It might even blind her.’
The makings of a smile crept onto Percy’s face, ‘Thanks.’ But privately he thought Sal wouldn’t notice, evil witch that she was. Then he hated himself for thinking it.
‘No problem, what more can I do for a friend? So will you go home? Back to England.’
Percy sighed again. He was not sure what he wanted, apart from the evil witch to come back. Though his grief was fresh and raw, he wanted her whatever she had done. But Sal was not accepting his calls, at least, not since the first one he’d made. That conversation hadn’t gone as planned. He hadn’t meant to be attacking, only hoping to shock her into seeing sense. But she had been awkward and he’d lost his temper. In frustration, Percy used their code language C U Next Tuesday and she called him a prick, in a tone so dismissive it hurt more than the word, and hung up.
‘Dunno,’ he said.
‘You need a holiday,’ Meera declared. ‘Why not take a break? Get some perspective.’
Percy gulped down three large mouthfuls of beer before he spoke. ‘Where do you suggest? I have no money.’
‘You must have, drinking beer like you do here in Singapore.’ Meera thought for a moment, ‘Sal will give you some, if you ask her. Guilt money, to make sure you go quietly.’
Percy shook his head, ‘I suppose I do have some savings I could use. And I could check the UK account. Japan. I have always fancied Japan, maybe Tokyo?’
Meera shrieked, ‘Too expensive. You made of money, Percy? No, go to a nice quiet island in Malaysia and relax. I like Redang very much. Beautiful.’
‘And watch other couples having a nice time? No thanks.’
‘Okay. Cambodia. Everybody loves Siem Reap. Not nice for people like me… dirty… old… but people like you, older people, they love it.’
‘Old, eh? And dirty. Thanks.’
Meera huffed, ‘Not you… Siem Reap. So many temples, lah. Full of history…’ Her intonation trailed.
Percy wasn’t convinced. Anything beyond crawling into bed or picking up a pint seemed far too much effort.
‘Ask Phrike to come with you. Or Joyann. She seems very down at the moment, too. Actually, maybe we could all go? I would suffer it. For you Percy, I would suffer anything and so would the others. I would especially suffer Redang.’
Percy considered what she was saying. He had been in Singapore for almost a year and unlike most people he knew, had not yet left the safety of the island. Sal was always too busy or too tired from travelling with her job to ever consider travelling with him.
‘Aren’t there land mines in Cambodia?’ he asked, tone even more defeatist than his words.
‘How would I know? But lots of people go there, although maybe that is a good reason for you not to bother.’
Percy yawned mentally. Meera’s attempt at reverse psychology was weak, or perhaps it was sarcasm. He couldn’t tell. ‘I can’t be bothered. Maybe later on, in a few months, eh?’
Meera smiled and appeared to agree, ‘No pressure, yeah? You just concentrate on now.’
‘Is that what you do, Meera? Is that why you are not at work?’
‘So, trying to turn the conversation away from yourself and onto me, eh Percy?’
Percy’s eyes lifted to the open shopping mall beyond the bar. His face paled. ‘Sal!’
Meera turned and followed his gaze, ‘Where?’
‘I thought I saw her on the escalator, going down. Fuck. Why isn’t she at work.’
Meera put a hand on his arm, ‘It’s lunchtime, Percy. And it may not have been her.’
‘It was. Maybe I should go and see her; talk to her.’
‘And if it was your wife, then what? You are drunk and…’
‘Ridiculous,’ Percy finished, ‘I am ridiculous.’
‘I did not say that.’
Percy sank half his beer, put the glass down and stared. ‘So who are you, Meera? We all meet every week and we think we know each other,’ his eyes narrowed, ‘married for eight years and thought I knew her.’
‘Okay. I will tell you, since you ask. I am a beautician, I love Singapore but love Redang more because the beaches are better. I am too young to qualify for a Housing Development Board apartment so I live with my family. If I married I could move out but I have met no one of interest to me. Three generations ago, my father’s family moved to Singapore from India, my mother’s two generations ago. They are Hindu and I am not and they accept it. I am of average height, wear heels too high for my feet and wish I could afford expensive handbags. I use my lunch as a beauty aid. Satisfied? Percy… Are you even listening?’
*
Back home, Percy made a cup of tea, the foray into hot beverages a sign of progressing acclimatisation. He took his drink up to the bedroom, stripped down to his underpants and stood on the narrow balcony that ran the length of the room beyond a sliding glass door. He thought of the guard’s warning; he thought of the neighbour; he thought of Sal. He reached back, took a length of curtain, and covered himself.
Emotionally and physically exhausted, Percy gazed over the secondary jungle opposite the house. It had once been the site of a Chinese cemetery, and he wondered if the peeping-tom neighbour knew of this historical fact. Sal had been told that the development in which they lived was built on a section of that same burial ground, and people often claimed to see dark shadows moving around inside their homes. He had also heard that native Chinese were superstitious, which made him wonder what kind of woman his neighbour really was, by choosing to live where she did. And living at number four was decidedly odd for a person of her origins, given its association with death. Yet number four was precisely where she lived. Had she ever seen the shadows, he wondered? Maybe she was one. Percy let the curtain fall away.
It was fairly standard amongst the neighbours for any apparition encountered to be claimed as intangible. It was never something a person could look at directly, just a passing, formless, shadow. But never did they dismiss it as nothing at all. Percy being Percy, refused to believe it, even though he had seen the phenomena for himself, for he knew that the flicker of car lights, the sudden passing of a bird, tired eyes playing tricks, any number of things could be responsible for what others labelled ghosts. In a house three doors away, the maid had recently run away leaving her tiny room covered in pencil illustrations of crucifixes, with enough garlic to start a French restaurant. She had been locking herself away from six o’clock every evening for the previous four months, and no one could entice her out, until one day she bolted back to Indonesia. Percy, ever the cynic, thought it was very convenient that her fears overwhelmed her at the same time daily, just when other helpers were cooking meals and tidying away the mess of the day. He thought about her more sympathetically, as he stood near naked in the window. It must have been hard, feeling so alone this far from her family.
Another story came to mind, its awfulness fitting his mood. It concerned the house immediately next door, and was far sadder than the girl running away. Percy fell into despair every time he heard it, especially when the teller ignorantly tied it in with fictitious spectres. The way it was told to him, was that the maid had been driven mad with fear, but he recognised that the truth was far worse. Whoever she was, she clearly suffered from mental illness, perhaps schizophrenia, and had been packed off home to the Philippines within a day of a very serious episode. Her agent was not interested in helping, wishing only to avoid the burden, for medical commitment in the form of a domestic worker made for a tricky combination that could be costly. It transpired that the same thing had happened to her several years before, and because the girl went home with no official record made, there was no reason to prohibit re entry into Singapore when she improved and decided to come back. It was, Percy understood, only a matter of time before she returned yet again. But would she? Mental healthcare in the Philippines had been explained to him via Oracles, who had talked about it with an interested Filipino colleague. At best the girl was being fed by her family and drugged to keep her safe. At worst, she was roaming the streets of Manila with rape and murder her likely future.
Percy held onto the railing and dropped his head. He could find nothing positive to think about. Feeling alone and adrift, he stepped back into the room. Life had changed and would go on changing; it was an irrefutable truth. He wished he had stayed in England and left Sal to it. She would have finished things anyway, he suspected, and he and Art could have drowned Percy’s sorrows somewhere familiar. But then, that somewhere was changing too.
He tried out his new bedtime routine: windows shut and air conditioning on. It did not give him any of the pleasure he’d hoped for. Air conditioning returned to the off position, windows reopened, ceiling fan on full, Percy crept into the empty bed and wept.
Chapter 13
ALL CREATURES
Norm decided he would lend Percy a pressed-linen shoulder to cry on; or at least, to gently lean on. Though the marital breakdown had become generally known, Percy continued to lie low. He had not been seen or heard from for sometime, having abandoned both the Discussion Group and his phone. 
For Norm, helping Percy was not the altruistic act he believed it to be. He was extremely pleased to know Percy was single. Beneath the artificial shell that protected Norm from the world beyond, the desire to maintain close contact remained.
Enquiries revealed that Percy could be found either holed up at home, or propping up the bar of The Tired Turtle. Even with this knowledge, Percy could not easily be found. It seemed to Norm that he was hiding from view, sidling off at the slightest whiff of company. Sitting in The Bean, nursing a tall glass of crushed ice, caramel and cream, Norm felt frustrated. Not just because his hot snack was taking too long to be brought over – he could see it on the counter – but also because he’d looked for Percy everywhere, and day after day drawn a blank. It worried him. Percy could never be accused of owning a warm character, it was barely even tepid, and Norm feared that left to his own devices Percy might tumble further into himself and the consequences would be irreversible. Rather like a potato, he would shift from requiring understanding handling and become unalterably poisonous. Norm raised an eyebrow and half smiled as a waiter finally noticed the food. He brought it to him, and after saying thank you Norm shoved a French fry into his mouth.
Aside from not being able to find Percy, Norm also worried about what he would say when he finally did catch up with him, for inevitably he would. There was no doubt in Norm’s mind that Percy was still around, because he’d asked after him in several bars and always received an affirmative nod, accompanied by a variety of rolling eye gestures that Norm had chosen to ignore. He sighed wistfully, as he slowly consumed skinny strands of potato, until the plate was empty and he had slurped the last of his drink as quietly as he could.
After much reflection, Norm decided that a reasonable approach to creating both an interesting opening conversation and new focus for Percy would be to find him a companion. Percy needed a new love to help nourish and reshape his sorely bruised ego. It would be necessary to exclude human beings from the mix, for as much as Norm adored him he knew it would be unkind to inflict Percy on another person. To offer him up as a possible friend would be misleading, and to present Percy as the great being Norm believed him to be would not please Percy himself. And more than anything, Norm did not want to displease. A dog was out of the question, for Percy had always been very clear about his feelings regarding canine companions. But what about something smaller, something Percy could be responsible for without the constant and lengthy commitment of a dog? Something to think about but not feel swamped by.
Cocoa was at home with the maid, so Norm was free to set off on his quest, thoughts now entirely removed from finding the man himself to acquiring a little friend. Determined to put his plan into action that same day, Norm hoped a kitten could be the answer. He knew exactly where to go and was aware that the cost would be shocking, however prepared he was. This was, after all, Singapore. Even a hamster would leave little change from fifty dollars. But it was small investment for a potentially large return.
At the selected pet store, Norm found himself browsing the dogs despite himself, an irresistible urge for a dog lover, given the number and variety available. Most were puppies, but some were not, and all had price tags far in excess of the dogs worth in almost any other country, particularly when the distinct feature of the declared breed looked decidedly less distinct than it ought to be. He stared at a young animal marked up as a labrador, marvelling at the yellow tail curling up and over it’s back. Who could believe in its pedigree? But did it matter that it was not what it seemed? Norm hoped the animals did not spend all day and night confined in their tiny cubicles, but chose not to ask an assistant for fear of the answer. As he looked, he sighed unhappily. It could be worse. They could be living in other parts of Asia. He had seen a crate of dogs once, on the back of a moped in Ho Chi Min. He and his wife had stared silently, until she voiced what he was thinking, they’re not pets. Norm had enjoyed that trip very much. He and Verity had spent many happy hours resting in the little bars situated at road junctions, she with a beer, him with a lemonade, watching the traffic go by. It travelled in every direction, seemingly all at the same time. Norm smiled as he remembered the things they had seen transported on those small mopeds through those busy, busy streets. There was the big white fridge, the family of four, and a pile of something indistinguishable that must have had a person beneath it. Most impressively – and dangerously – was the tall sheet of glass carried upright by the pillion.
As it was, the shop had no kittens, and the few adult cats looked ready to take on the dogs at the drop of a whisker. For the solitary home grown moggy on display, it was the hereditary Singapore kinked tail that gave it a tough appearance. For the fluffy and squashed-nosed beast beside it, the sharp look in its wonky eye gave all the warning necessary. Far beyond kitten-hood, these cats would never have an opportunity to play out their killer instincts, of that Norm was certain. They were destined only for a life trapped indoors with a child and maid for company. There would be fine food, comfortable laps and high views through clean windows, but that would be all. An occasional gecko might offer an upside, regular strangulation-by-toddler the down. 
The most magnificent of the small collection had a look of utter disdain, and was grooming its groin. Although a little in awe of the creature’s magnificent flexibility, Norm felt this was an act that could never be dressed up as something noble, whatever cat lovers believed of their prized pets. Whether nuzzling through luxurious soft fur or shoving aside stiff wiry hair, a groin would never be more than a groin, whether intact or two short of a brace. One spotty leg erect, the cat seemed to know that the three thousand dollar price tag would be nothing to the person who would eventually pay it, and the passing of time until that day might as well be a leisurely affair. Norm sighed again, and walked by free of temptation. 
After cooing over a basket of recently weaned puppies, he began to explore what else was on offer in the pet emporium. There were no birds, he noticed, presumably the traditional keepers of Singapore’s songbirds making unlikely customers. Hamsters, gerbils, rabbits and guinea pigs of an astonishing range were offered, while the cheapest pet available was a small red-eared terrapin at a lowly five dollars. Norm pondered the idea, but thought it not quite right. A sign beside it forbade the release of fresh water turtles into the wild, discouraging Buddhists and misguided softies from increasing the number of alien species occupying the waterways. Norm couldn’t be sure Percy wouldn’t do just that, possibly via the toilet.
 It was all very interesting, but he could feel the beginnings of frustration. Nothing in particular seemed appropriate, and the more he looked the more difficult it was to make a choice. Doubt crept in. Was buying a pet for Percy even the right thing to do? 
And then suddenly there it was, all alone in the last of a long line of glass enclosures. The label read: Skinny Pig, and it was a hairless guinea pig, naked all but for a few strands projecting from the top of its nose. Norm studied it. Had someone put hair remover on it, or shaved it, he wondered. He knew brightly coloured fish were sometimes treated with food dye and after a week or two the apparently exotic faded to natural white, but would someone mess around with a mammal in the same way?
‘Is this natural?’ he asked the sales assistant, whose eye he had been avoiding as she followed him around the shop.
‘Yes. It is bred that way.’
Norm felt a fool, because of course the nakedness of the animal wasn’t natural, but how else could he have phrased it.
‘I’ll take it. And whatever else it will need.’
Without further ado, the assistant gathered up all the necessary equipment and feed, which seemed excessive and made a local cat suddenly seem a better prospect than it had been. Eventually the little bag of guts, skin and bones was scooped from the pen and placed in a small cardboard carrier. 
At the checkout the long process of scanning began; mineral blocks, water bottle, food dish, hay, straw, supplements, it appeared endless. Eventually the cage and the piggy were also scanned.
‘Nets or Visa? Visa. Okay, that will be eleven hundred and fifty dollars, sixty cents.’
Norm choked.
‘Eleven hundred and fifty dollars and sixty cents, sir,’ repeated the assistant, courteously. Noticing Norm’s expression she added, ‘the cage is three hundred.’
‘So that leaves eight hundred and fifty unaccounted for.’
‘I can put it through again for you, if you like?’ The assistant smiled, more than willing to help. 
‘Eleven hundred and fifty? The animal was one hundred and eighty, the cage three hundred…’
The assistant interrupted only because Norm paused. ‘Ah. The skinny pig is five hundred and thirty five dollars, sir. The other guinea pigs are one hundred and eighty.’
‘But why?’ Norm was cross and had the hot flush of a person overspending.
‘It has no hair.’
‘So shouldn’t it be less?’
The assistant laughed politely, but made no move to abandon the sale.
Norm groaned and then sighed and then huffed. ‘Go on then. My mistake. I can’t put him back now.’
‘Her. The animal is a young female, sir.’
‘Her,’ Norm repeated. This was certainly not an experience to share with his wife, Norm decided, for she would laugh a little too hard. And Percy had better accept the animal because he didn’t think he could cope with seeing such extravagance rejected. ‘Could someone help me with everything, please. Just to a cab.’
‘Of course. One moment and I will get someone.’
In the taxi home, Norm realised he would have to go directly to Percy’s house. There was too much equipment to manage, and the animal couldn’t remain boxed for too long. It was far from the perfect vision of handing Percy a tiny container with a small cute face peeking out through fur. Norm caught the driver peering back at him in his rear view mirror and looked away hurriedly. The last thing he wanted was a conversation about what he had bought, how much it cost and whom it was for.
*
When Norm arrived at Percy’s house, Percy was out. This left Norm in a quandary. He did not want to take Sinead, the newly named skinny pig, home, but neither could he leave her to steam to death inside the cardboard box. The pervasive tropical heat meant there was nowhere cool enough to leave it. Nor was he prepared to traipse around hunting for Percy, when he knew it would be fruitless. He sat down on the step, surrounded by the accoutrements of first-world small mammal ownership, and considered his options. What had seemed such a good idea was transforming into the rash decision it actually was, and Norm’s spirits sank.
On a nearby step, a boy was sitting looking gloomier than Norm thought it possible for a child to look. Why was it that such an obviously privileged child looked so profoundly miserable? Even Norm, with his rather odd childhood, had never suffered from gloom. Anguish, emotional wrestling, frustration yes, but never gloom. Norm tried to catch the boy’s eye, but either the boy did not want to communicate or was so caught up in thought that he didn’t notice the attention. Two more children appeared at the far end of the path, a boy and a girl, and once they had reached the sad looking child they too sat down, consoling him with equally sombre expressions. Norm, being of sensitive character, knew better than to make a flippant remark such as it might never happen. Along with the teachings of Joseph Smith, his parents had drilled into him the importance of not making assumptions. Never say that to anyone, they insisted, for perhaps the it had just happened. He had never forgotten.
The girl noticed Norm watching, and spoke out boldly in the way of many expat children, ‘His mum just died. Well, last week, anyway.’
It was a shock to hear such terrible news spoken of so plainly from perfectly innocent young lips, news that could crush the devil. It brought tears to Norm’s eyes.
 ‘I’m very sorry about that,’ he said.
‘She was really ill. Ate something bad his dad says. My mum says it was a terrible waste, but I’m not sure if she means his mum or the food.’
Norm looked on, feeling pale, but the girl’s face went blank. There was nothing else to be said.
The boy she’d arrived with, her companion in consolation, spoke up, ‘He’s just had a row with his dad. Now his dad’s crying.’
Norm felt his heart tug.
At that moment the shape of Percy appeared at the end of the path. Norm’s heart ceased tugging and gave a little flip. This was it, the moment of truth. How on earth was he going to tell him? 
To his surprise, Percy did not scowl at the sight of him but smiled slightly, looking genuinely pleased to see a friend. At least, that is how it seemed to Norm.
*
Percy, who had enjoyed too many beers, squinted, trying to make out whom it was sitting on the step to his house, surrounded by boxes. He winced when he recognised Norm. Life had been far less complicated since he hadn’t had to deal with the emotional pressure of a friend without personal boundaries. Had he been less drunk he would have groaned, but as it was Percy’s brain swilled with a carefree emptiness; the purpose of his outing fulfilled. So, feeling genial, he accepted the situation.
‘Norm how’re you mate wha’sall the stuff?’ he belched.
‘I bought you a gift. Some company for you,’ Norm rushed his words, ‘her name is Sinead. She has big brown eyes and not much hair – well none actually – hence the name. I thought she was a good choice for you. Easy to care for.’
‘Sinead?’
‘Yes. You know… the singer? She… she…’ Norm’s voice trailed away.
‘A girl, eh? Soundsgorgus… I don’t mind about hair… s’overated…’ Percy began to gesture with his hands, a rounding motion ballooning from his chest. ‘Is she… y’know… does she have…’
Norm was quick to interrupt, ‘No. No. Not a girl. This is Sinead, here, in this box.’
‘Bloody hell, Norm, how d’ya do tha?’
The three children watched, having moved to a safer distance.
‘Not a girl, Percy. A pet. For you.’
Percy was confused. A drunken spasm of anguish knitted his eyebrows and curled his lips unattractively, leaving him with a look of agony. ‘Pet girl?’ he continued, ‘I don’t think you can do tha Norm.’
Norm began mirroring Percy’s expression, features twisting for no other reason than he was being drawn into the face of the man he adored. Far too drunk to comprehend anything, Percy stared back at Norm, until Norm took the house key from Percy’s hand and moved the show indoors.
The house was not as it would have been had Sal left Percy while they lived in England. There, it would have quickly become a stinking mass of dirty dishes, discarded socks and empty bottles. Here, Mila kept it immaculately tidy, ensuring the fridge remained well stocked, and cooking meals for Percy on the days she came to clean. Although orders from Sal and some extra pay kept things afloat, it was Mila herself that kept Percy eating. If still in the house when Percy got home, she would sit him down and stare hard until he picked up his knife and fork and began. As frightened of her big face as ever, Percy always did as instructed, inwardly vowing to fire her before she had the chance to intimidate him again. Her commitment, however, was not for Percy’s benefit. She made this plain. Rather, it was to ensure her culinary efforts were not wasted. But for Percy it was not all bad, for even though he was eating the strangest combinations, from cottage pie with grapes to lasagne with strawberries and chicken nuggets, everything was perfectly cooked and surprisingly appetising. Satisfied and with full belly, he always mentally re-employed the fearsome maid, leaving her free to terrify him again some other day, relieved to have someone else think about food even if it was just a few times a week.
Inside the sitting room, the moment his backside hit the freshly cleaned chair, Percy fell into a deep alcoholic slumber, head thrown back, slack mouthed, skin and hair waxy with neglect. The house may have been clean, but Percy was not.
Norm placed the boxes on the floor and watched as Percy slept.
‘Nothin’ compares t’you…’ Percy slurred sleepily, a snippet of dream falling from the fog, ‘nothin’ compares t’you…’
Norm gazed at his dishevelled hero. He repeated the words Percy had spoken and kneeled. 
‘… Put my arms around every Norm I meet… Norm? Norm? Willing to give it another try …’ Percy shuddered as his dream shifted. ‘Lift me up… Show them… Lift them up…’ Percy continued, before snorting into silence.
Norm scribbled a note, raised himself up, and with a skip in his step, left.
Chapter 14
GREAT AND SMALL
To say it was a city that never slept was not fitting for Singapore. Each day from just before dawn until eleven in the morning, sleep was exactly what much of the city did, and it was as revellers began to make their way home via any one of the hundreds of hawker centres, that Percy was roused from his own numbing slumber. He felt a nagging irritation as he stirred, like a fine sliver of thistle imbedded in his brain, a sense that he was feeling again a thing that had begun to pass, an unwelcome something. Suddenly the thing revealed itself as it did everyday: Sal had run off with another man. Recollections came rushing, an acrid deluge. Was it never to get any better and stay that way?
At first, Percy did not know where he was. Even as a drunk, he was a man accustomed to waking in a comfortable bed. Crashing wherever his body fell was an activity of the distant past. Leaning back in the chair, through the darkness Percy slowly recognised his own sitting room. Unmoving, he listened to the chi chat clucking of a gecko calling, and what he assumed was the same lizard rustling in the paper bin. 
‘Mila…’ he groaned, accusingly, thinking she must have moved the waste paper basket into the sitting room again, a counter manoeuvre in the constant battle of Move The Bin.
He farted loudly, barely bothering to lift a buttock, filling the air around him with a fruity concoction that coated his teeth. After choking a little and retching, he grimaced. So this was the sum of his life, he thought dismally: bin battles, hangovers, stink.
 In the heavy gloom of early dawn, the gecko clucked a final chorus before retiring. As it called the rustling increased, and only then did Percy realise that call and movement were not coming from the same location. The gecko had tucked itself inside the grill of the main air conditioning unit, or at least somewhere close by, whereas the rustling was coming from the floor.
Percy’s feet shot up, a wrong move he remembered too late, had the rustling been the snake he was imagining. Dangerous Spitting Black cobra were known for hunting near or in houses, he knew, for the tasty supply of rodents and roaches. Sal had told him, during a discussion meant to encourage him to settle. It had occurred to Percy many times since, however, that perhaps she had been secretly trying to drive him away with all her annoying information.
Safely curled up in his chair, he looked carefully at the floor before him, littered with shadowy shapes. Heart racing from the fright, Percy struggled up and after tiptoeing lightly across the room, flicked on the light switch. 
He stared. Unable to clearly remember anything post bar, the boxes and bags presented a mystery. But it was obvious where the movement was coming from. Hesitantly, Percy picked up the travel box.
‘Oh my God,’ he croaked, voice gravelly from drink. Inside, the smelly Sinead was covered in faeces, softened by panic and urine. At first Percy held the box away from himself, before drawing it back for a closer look. ‘Look at you… you poor bugger. Wait there, I’ll find something else to put you in.’ 
Carefully placing the box on the floor, Percy rummaged through the piles of pet accessories. Finding the wire cage and plastic base, he put the bald creature inside and attached a filled water bottle, leaving her to drink while he made something for himself. Three cups of tea and one strong coffee would be sufficient to get him going, this was a proven fact. He glanced at the clock. Six forty-five. It would be light in half an hour or so. Yet another day beginning. His mouth felt as if he had licked the inside of the pig’s shitty container. A vague memory drifted into his mind, possibly a dream? Something about Norm and a girl. Was it sexual? Percy smacked his lips together noisily, frowning defensively, but the recollection floated away before he could grasp it.
For no particular reason, he again glanced at the clock, and with that fleeting look so his heart began sinking as it did every morning. Constant drinking had brought with it such lethargy that for Percy to actively contemplate any day as it stretched before him was impossible. The hours of waking were pointless, because nothing mattered anymore. There was nothing to be said; there was nothing more to be done. For whatever reason, this sense of futility had begun making him vaguely fearful, though he couldn’t say of exactly what. And he had no real interest in working out what gave rise to this feeling, because to do so would involve effort. Even the peculiar mystery of the tiny uninvited naked guest, burdened his fragile mind with no greater sense of urgency than a biscuit hovering over a mug of tea waiting to be dunked.
But deep inside, hiding from recognition, was the answer to this underlying question of fear: he was anchorless. Sal’s betrayal, as much as her departure, had unfastened Percy’s sense of security. He was drifting alone in a space he thought he knew, but that he no longer recognised. Having often suspected he was a person who might be better suited to living alone, Percy was slowly facing a different truth. Sal may not have been around often, but she and her things had made the space a home, her foibles and banter keeping beat with his heart, her life maintaining the pulse of his. Just as moving to Singapore had not offered the welcome solitude expected, so Sal’s abandonment left him utterly lonely. 
At that moment, an empty wretch in an empty house, Percy cried. He cried because he hated her.
Waiting for the kettle to boil, he watched through the blur as his small guest drank almost a quarter of a bottle of water without stopping, but his thoughts remained with Sal, wondering, as he did everyday, how many lies she had told over the years. He wiped a rolling tear, wondering who knew about the affair before he did, and how many people now considered him an idiot. How many more than usual? And of those people, how many thought he deserved it? And why had no one warned him all those years ago that he was marrying a bitch. He would not have listened, but that was not the point.
Percy had been thinking a lot about the old expression, what goes around comes around, for Sal had been engaged to someone else when he and she had first got together. She’d been a young student committing to another, before either had finished their A-levels. It said something about her, he decided, that willingness to walk away from her fiancé with a man she had just met. Was it this fundamental lack of commitment that made her so accommodating about not having children? Weren’t they the ultimate tie between two people, far greater than a formal piece of paper and a ring? Perhaps she always knew she would leave.
The whistling kettle interrupted his thoughts; eyes now dry. He was not especially hungry but decided the mini beanbag could probably do with something to eat. Before attending to the kettle, Percy rummaged through the mess surrounding the cage and found food and a bowl. The guinea pig immediately began a squeaky whistle of her own, and for a moment the house echoed with what sounded like the beginnings of a mad orchestral movement, the kettle screaming, the piggy whistling, Percy’s head thumping. 
In an unfortunate mirroring of the seconds before Percy’s heart was pummelled by his wife’s cold words, the note left by Norm slipped to the floor. Percy picked it up, pulse quickening. What now?

Dear Percy.
I came to see you this afternoon with a gift. You were not feeling very focussed so I wrote you this note to better explain my reasons. You need a friend and will not let any person be that friend. Maybe you can let Sinead into your heart. She won’t judge you, pressure you or expect anything from you, only that you care for her basic needs. We love you Percy. As a very wise man said: nothing compares to you.
Your mate, Norm x

It was all very confusing for Percy’s tired brain. Was Sinead the guinea pig? An indistinct recollection emerged, of Norm coming to the house and bringing a girl with him, although Percy never actually saw her. Was she Sinead? Percy’s eyes lifted to the ceiling.
Removing the kettle from the heat and leaving the guinea pig to eat in peace, Percy made a quick dash to the bedroom to check for naked girls. Relieved yet disappointed to find his bed empty, he returned to the kitchen, made a cup of tea, grabbed the biscuit tin and went outside onto the deck. 
The moment just before dawn was the nicest time to be outside, he’d found. Warm air was yet to be saturated with the steamy breath of so many plants and so much rain, a stifling humid stew that would boil up under the hot sun. Singapore had seen Percy change over time, and not just because Sal had shat on him from a great height. He was now a person able to accept life there. More than that, he liked it. Percy had come to rely on the heat, the regular hours of daylight, the fact that his food didn’t go cold in seconds. It amused him rather than riled him that cold drinks were instantly awash with condensation, and that condensation was on the outside and not the inside of car windows. When he first moved to Asia, had someone asked him what his top three activities would be, the first would have been sitting on a plane flying back to England, second would be switching on the air conditioning, third to be asleep.
Now he loved walking in the cool of a mall and finding warm comfort in the blast of heat as he left. He loved how clean Singapore was, how safe it seemed, the fact that he could not see police patrolling, even if they could see him. And being asked if he had had breakfast yet was becoming less embarrassing. Sometimes he was even asked if he had had lunch, and he would say yes I have or no I haven’t. It was quite simple, he discovered.
*
Hangover soothed by the hair of the dog, Percy was sitting outside The Tired Turtle with the hairless Sinead in a box, watching the lunchtime traffic flow out of Sixth Avenue and along the Bukit Timah Road. The first beer of the day was always the nicest, he’d found; quickly sunk, easing tension, gentle fingers of alcohol reaching out and fluidly numbing the ache. The morning leading up to the beer had been less satisfactory, however.
Uncomfortable with Sinead’s appearance he had taken her to see a vet. There, the vet had taken Sinead out of the box and asked in the usual way of medical people, ‘So, what have we here?’ 
Two things diverted Percy from delivering his response with the light-hearted tone intended. Firstly, how overwhelmingly attractive the vet was, and secondly, that despite being of South East Asian appearance she spoke with the accent and gusto of a traditional Oxbridge graduate. 
‘Well if you don’t know, I am sure I don’t,’ was all he could manage.
The vet bristled, lovely face hardening. ‘Okay, Mister Field. What seems to be the problem?’ 
Situated between them both, Sinead was lying in a state of terror on a stainless steel gurney. Her naked body was flattened with nerves, a reoccurring shudder making her vibrate like a novelty phone.
Percy paused. It was there on the tip of his tongue, the same words he had just spoken: well if you don’t know, I am sure I don’t. He stopped himself. 
‘It has no hair,’ he said stiffly, still failing to sound polite.
‘That’s very true,’ stated the vet. She said nothing more.
‘Shouldn’t it have hair?’
The vet levelled her gaze. ‘Would you like me to make it a wig?’
Now this was interesting, thought Percy, because that was exactly what he would have said. ‘Actually, I thought you might treat it?’
‘What were you thinking of, Mister Field, perhaps riding the Luge at Sentosa? I’m not sure they’d have a helmet small enough.’
‘What I can see is that you obviously take your job very seriously…’ Percy was pleased with the pitch of his sarcasm, finally achieving a tone intended.
‘Actually I do, Mister Field. Very. That is why I do not like time wasters.’
Percy frowned, ‘And what do you mean by that?’
‘Strangely enough, by that I mean people who waste my time.’
‘Is there a proper vet here?’ Percy said, searching the floor as if any spare vet might be three feet tall, ‘only I have to be honest and say that I don’t think you are very good. If you don’t know what to do with this animal, then have the courage to say so and find me someone who does.’
The vet paused, thoughtfully. ‘Mister Field, do you mean to say that you genuinely believe this animal should have hair?’
‘That’s it! Enough! Nurse. Nurse, I need help.’ 
‘This is not a film set, Mister Field. Calling the nurse will do you no good.’
Percy picked up Sinead. 
The vet looked at him as one might a tiresome child. ‘Mister Field, when did you get this animal?’
‘This morning… well, yesterday. It was a gift. I have no intention of keeping it, but I don’t think it right to let animals suffer.’
‘Suffer?’
‘It clearly has mange or something.’
Shamelessly, the vet laughed. ‘It’s a skinny pig… a naked guinea pig. Naked pets are becoming very fashionable. They’re relatively expensive, too; a generous gift indeed. She’s in perfect health, Mister Field.’
Percy was astounded, ‘No mange?’
‘No mange. Put her back on the table and I will give her a thorough examination, since you’re here.’
Percy noticed that the vet’s face, previously so unforgiving, had developed an extremely cheerful expression. He stood silently, waiting for the final verdict.
‘Yes. All fine. Here you are, Mister Field. Pay at the desk. Good day.’ 
With that, the beautiful vet swept from the room into the private recesses of the surgery.
*
One hundred and fifty dollars poorer, Percy sipped his second pint as Sinead scuffled in her box. Briefly he opened the lid. Behind him, two people stopped.
‘Hello Percy, friend of yours?’ came the familiar voice of Joyann, as she peered over his shoulder.
‘Hi, Perc,’ Phrike raised the lid a little higher, ‘what is that?’
Feeling generally battered by life, Percy could not help but grin at the sight of two dear friends, old friends by expat standards. ‘Phrike, Joyann, It’s been too long.’
‘I know, Percy. I am sorry,’ said Joyann.
‘I’m the one who should be sorry. I should have returned your calls… but… you know.’
‘Yes I do. Tough times.’
‘Have a drink? Come on, sit down both of you.’
Phrike beckoned the waitress.
Joyann smiled, ‘Just for five minutes. So tell me, what do you have there? Such a mysterious creature!’
Chapter 15
IDOL CONFESSION
To one side of contemporary Singapore, Haw Par Villa slept quietly away from the main tourist areas of Orchard Road, Sentosa Island and China Town, a novel and obscure place. Once a showy symbol of deepest sibling affection, the grounds bowed to the power of modern expectation, respectfully welcoming the few choosing to step back in time and lose themselves amongst the weird and wonderful. No villa remained, no hordes revelling, only colourful moulded giants in the form of Gods and lobsters, huge gorillas and winding caverns, all perfectly restored and maintained, a mad relic and memorial to the man who built it and his beloved brother, the inspiration behind it.
Considering their normal venues, it was neither an expected nor usual choice to convene a meeting of the Discussion Group, but Percy had his reasons. He was not really in the mood to talk, but had promised Joyann he would choose that week’s location. 
Standing at the foot of a long, steep, sloping driveway with the feeling that he was about to enter the set of an old Chinese television series – something he would feel even more strongly in the coming hour – Percy was pleased to see Joyann step out of a taxi. It was strangely refreshing to be out and about and stone cold sober.
Mornings, he found, were slowly becoming easier. He no longer necessarily awoke to a niggling sense that he had forgotten something, wrestling for a few blurry seconds to gain back that important memory only to be crushed by Sal’s departure all over again. Now, on many mornings, he’d reached the bathroom before the sense of futility hit him. On really good days, he’d even showered. And sometimes, whether showered or not, he even resented that feeling, which he took to be a good thing.
Percy waved and called to Joyann. Everything about her exuded optimism, a quality that could easily irritate a man such as Percy, especially when down, but in the case of Joyann had the opposite effect. She was sunny without grating on his nerves, and this he found fascinating. Being a tourist with Joyann as his guide would be a pleasant way to spend an hour or two, he decided. But as she approached he thought she looked a little tired, not her usual bright self at all. Percy hoped the day wasn’t going to be ruined.
‘You know what this place is?’ she said, without greeting. ‘It’s a theme park, built by the Tiger Balm brothers. It is very old. I did not think you Ang-moh visited places like this.’ She smiled lazily and with affection, knowing Percy would be obliged to take the bait. Her reference to him being Ang-moh, meaning red-hair and Singaporean slang for Caucasian, could not be overlooked, given the reddish tone in his brown hair that he always firmly denied.
‘Ang-moh, lah?’ His eyes glinted with revenge as he emphasised the word lah.
‘I did not, nor do I say, the word lah. Singlish is not a proper way to speak.’
‘Even for a Singaporean?’
‘Especially for a Singaporean.’
‘Are you sure?’ Percy thought back to the first time he heard her talking with her brother and their colleague, in The Bean.
‘I am sure.’
Percy grinned. Then for a split second he was serious. ‘You okay?’
‘Yes. Are you?’ Joyann’s surprise was obvious.
‘Sort of. You look nice, by the way.’ 
‘So do you, lah, even with your red hair.’ She chortled in a small explosion, quickly controlled.
Percy was relieved to hear her laugh. ‘So who else is coming today?’
‘Most of the group, I think. Yes, it will make an interesting change being here. I haven’t been since I was a girl. And I have definitely never been with the Son of God.’ She stopped and looked at him, a startled expression on her face. ‘Excuse me. I did not mean to say that.’
Percy was puzzled. ‘What do you mean?’
She smiled. ‘Nothing.’ 
‘Joyann? Why did you call me that?’
‘No reason.’
‘Joyann!’
Joyann laughed again, a small reluctant chuckle. ‘I cannot say. It makes me feel like I am not a nice person.’
‘It makes you seem like not a nice person to tell someone half of something, and then to openly laugh at the part you’re not telling. Come on. Tell me.’
She breathed deeply. ‘If I tell you, you are not to say anything to anyone, do you understand?’
‘I can’t promise.’
‘Then I cannot tell.’
Percy glowered. ‘You drive a hard bargain.’
‘Is asking for discretion a hard bargain?’
Percy rubbed his chin, as if checking whether or not his stubble was coming through. He nodded. ‘Okay. I promise.’
Joyann paused before speaking, seeming to order her words carefully. ‘It’s Norman. He and I met up with some others from the group, Meera and two ladies I think you do not know.  One older and one sort of glamorous, I suppose.’
He shook his head, confirming lack of recognition.
‘He was quite open about how strongly he feels for you, Percy.’
‘So you are saying he thinks I am the Son of God?’
‘Percy! Don’t be ridiculous. I am saying he likened you to the Son of God.’ She paused again. ‘And…’
‘And what?’
‘Well let me just say you clearly have more than one admirer, because they all agreed you have qualities that a prophet might have.’
‘I don’t wear sandals, nor do I consider the wearing of sandals by men a quality. And I don’t have a beard.’
Joyann laughed, ‘Think of less superficial similarities, Percy. Not footwear. Not facial hair. These are certainly common images, but I suspect not vital.’
He shook his head, ‘I am not asking.’
‘Not asking what?’
‘Which qualities. I’m not asking you which qualities, if that’s what you want me to do.’
‘I don’t want you to do anything, Percy.’ Joyann’s eyebrows raised, pretty eyes widening, ‘I am just telling you something. I am just telling you that when you are short with people – when you avoid sharing your time, or giving advice – it can seem as if you are offering some sort of alternative. This is because you appear strong, a man able to carry a great deal upon his shoulders without a second thought.’
‘Ridiculous.’
‘Is it? When a person who appears to be something set apart from others then chooses to spend his time with those others, without needing to; it sends a certain message to more vulnerable individuals.’
‘And if I could decipher what you just said, I would say that it sounds like bullshit. Besides, I haven’t been around much at all for anyone to admire.’
‘Absence makes the heart grow fonder, does it not?’
‘Why would vulnerable people, as you put it, feel drawn to a person so…’ Percy searched for a word.
‘So remote and aloof?’ Joyann finished, smiling a little. ‘It’s how some people are, that is all.’
Percy stared. ‘So based on this, you decided to call me the Son of God?’
Joyann nodded, enthusiastically. ‘It is funny.’
‘It is not funny,’ he said, not smiling.
‘Maybe not,’ she conceded, ‘but one thing is certain. One way or the other, you are utterly divine in the eyes of Norman Sullivan.’
Percy shook his head. ‘You are a bad woman, Joyann Tan. Come on, let’s go in. Where do we pay?’
 ‘It’s free.’
‘Then let’s walk up,’ Percy said, already heading up the wide path, ‘the others can catch up. They may even be up there already.’
‘I’ll send an SMS.’
‘No need. They’ll work it out, Joyann.’
‘Or I could send the message, which is what I intend to do.’ Joyann took out her phone. ‘You are a grumpy man sometimes, Percy.’
‘Is Phrike coming today?’
‘No. He has an appointment or something.’
‘A mysterious man, that one,’ Percy remarked.
‘He is indeed,’ Joyann laughed, ‘I am still unsure where he is from. I thought South Africa but he said not, and when I mentioned it again…’ Joyann paused momentarily and looked thoughtful.
‘What?’
‘Ah! Excuse me Percy. I am easily distracted at the moment. I was just trying to remember what Phrike and I were discussing when the subject came up,’ she shook her head, ‘I cannot. But I do recall my confusion regarding him had not lessened by the end of it.’
‘Well that’s the beauty of this place, Joyann. You don’t have to know a thing about anyone to get along. We just are who we are.’
‘For an expatriate I have no doubt there is some truth in that. Most I know seem very caught up in the moment, in their own lives. It surprises me they are not more interested in others, though I suppose some I know do embrace what is around them; enjoying Singapore as we are today. But they do not appear interested in one another’s cultures, which are often quite different from their own, and different from here. Do you think, Percy? In our group, I cannot sense a desire for deeper understanding of others. Do you?’ 
 ‘I am not sure I agree. I remember telling Meera all about fish and chips. I thought she seemed quite interested, to be honest.’ 
Percy strolled away, while Joyann began messaging various key members of the group. By the time she had finished, the pair had wandered a little way in and as far as The Ten Courts of Hell. 
Percy stopped. Inspecting the entrance to a long and narrow man-made cave, he said, ‘God. This looks grim.’ 
‘It terrified me as a child,’ confirmed Joyann, nodding towards a sign warning that it might not be suitable for younger people, pregnant women or anyone with a heart condition. ‘But I think that was the idea. Shall we go in?’
‘Why not.’
Together they moved forward into the darkness, passing under the intimidating and watchful eyes of two large painted figures, grim in expression with the worst of the fairground about them, material for a horror movie even without the ominous surroundings. Once inside, Percy’s eyes quickly adjusted to the low light. The first sight to greet him was a model depicting the recently dead being herded across three bridges, heading to glory or doom. As he looked, so Joyann moved to his side.
‘Ah yes. The three bridges. Which will you have to cross, Percy? Are you virtuous and good, quite good, or really bad?’
It hadn’t occurred to Percy to empathise with the scene, to mentally place himself amongst the fictional masses.
‘Guess,’ prompted Joyann.
‘Okay. I expect I will be kept back for a spot of eternal bridge painting. A bit of community service.’
Joyann sighed gently, ‘No community service, Percy, only judgement and punishment. You will learn as we go through the tunnel that only the perfect people on the first bridge escape the courts.’
‘In that case I doubt the first bridge needs much maintenance, anyway. Perhaps I’ll offer to paint one of the other two. I imagine this lower one gets quite worn.’
‘Percy! No community service.’
‘That seems harsh.’
‘It is meant to be harsh.’
His eye was drawn further into the cave. Either side of the dark cavern, hellish scenes were depicted in full gory detail, displaying a variety of sinners suffering a multitude of barbaric punishments. 
‘Look at this, Joyann.’ There were heads on spikes; bodies being ground mercilessly under heavy millstones, or boiling in a giant wok of blood, body parts stuck here and there, any torture imaginable and for crimes as simple as arguing with elders or disrespecting siblings, as well as murder and rape. ‘They aren’t a very tolerant bunch, are they?’ Percy observed.
‘Are you?’
‘Compared to this, I am a very tolerant man.’
‘I wasn’t thinking of you as just a man,’ she smiled. ‘More a prophet.’ He heard the snigger and could see her teeth gleaming white in the darkness. She was very beautiful, he thought. He rolled his eyes purposely hoping she could see, and walked on.
At the end of the tunnel a final scene showed all being forgiven and recast in life, destined to be anything from simple life forms to wealthy humans, until in death they would be forced to endure it all again, unless they had lived faultless lives. 
‘Surely people would just learn, Joyann, and the first bridge would fill up?’
‘That would be simpler. But in every life lived all forget the terror that went before. Look, it says so here.’
Percy read the caption, and then walked out into the light feeling a little shocked. ‘Maybe it’s just as well to forget purgatory, or else we’d give up and be content to live life as a slug. Surely a slug can’t be judged as being bad. Even if it eats someone’s lettuces. No demotion, no promotion, sounds good to me. Just existing.’
‘Except if we remembered, then we might lead better lives in the future, and affect others in a positive way.’
Percy decided not to reply. At least she had not said that he already seemed resigned to life as a slug, which was how he felt.
As they made their way back into the main park, they saw two other members puffing up the path. ‘Norman is already here somewhere, but Meera can’t come. She has an extra client this morning.’ The woman speaking was the older of the two, and bright pink with heat.
‘Have you seen anyone else?’ Joyann asked.
‘Oh, I believe one or two are wandering around,’ the woman waved a hand in the direction of the main displays, ‘what’s the idea Joyann? Why meet here? Not that I mind.’
‘I have no idea. Percy?’
Percy hesitated before answering. He did not want to engage with anyone other than Joyann. ‘I think it was felt that a change of scene and a day out was needed.’ He began to walk away, ‘Ten Courts of Hell was interesting,’ he said, attempting to deflect attention, and the possibility that the two women might want to join himself and Joyann. ‘Personally I’d prefer to live as an invertebrate than be mutilated just because I ripped a page out of a book at some point in my life. Take a look inside. See the punishments.’
The woman’s friend ambled over to the entrance, staring up at the large-eyed figures.
Joyann shook her head dismissively and smiled at the pink-faced woman, ‘Percy feels that suffering for our sins is not right. He thinks we should put our past wickedness behind us and settle down as slugs.’
Ignoring the provocation, Percy came back and tapped her arm, ‘Come on, we’ll take a look around up there.’ He walked off once more, knowing this time she would follow.
‘Those were the two women I was telling you about, Percy,’ she whispered, once at his side.
*
Relieved to have escaped unwanted company, Percy wandered contentedly, relaxing once more amongst the giant figures and scenes. Passing the twenty feet high figures of Fu, Lu and Shou, Joyann explained they were Taoist deities popular with Chinese. 
‘They are gods, rather than sons of gods like you Percy,’ she laughed. 
He ignored the jibe, though wondered when she would stop teasing him about Norm’s comment. He was aware that Norm liked him, and Sal had long suspected the depth of that affection, but Percy could not see how it mattered. While Norm could be a pain, he was no trouble.
As they strolled on and up to the huge monument dedicated to Aw Boon Par, created in his honour by his brother, Aw Boon Haw, along with the theme park, the figures of Norm and Cocoa appeared. Norm nodded to them both but moved on without a word. 
With a stricken expression, Joyann asked Percy if he thought Norm had heard her remark. Percy shrugged because he neither knew nor cared.
‘I will speak to him later,’ Joyann said. ‘This is why it is important not to talk behind a person’s back. I feel very bad.’
Percy relented. ‘He didn’t hear.’
‘Still, I might speak with him.’
‘Up to you, but he didn’t.’ 
Joyann did not look convinced.
Percy noticed that beyond the monument was a series of life size scenes; a sequence of action, he assumed. A split second later, his heart almost burst with excitement; and he was happier still at experiencing something positive after feeling trampled for so long.
‘Oh my God! You know what this is, Joyann?’ he gasped, ‘this is that television series about Monkey and Pigsy… from when I was a kid. Maybe you didn’t have it here. Monkey, Pigsy and… what was the other one…?’
‘Sandy?’
‘Yes! Yes! So you know it? Have you seen it?’
‘No, Percy, I have not. But this story is an old one. It came about hundreds of years before television. Long before.’ She chuckled. ‘What is it with people from the West? Always thinking you created everything first? Hmm? Bet you don’t know that even your beloved pasta originated in China?’
‘I do know that, actually. And some people debate that fact these days, just so you know.’ He looked at her squarely, ‘AND, I never said the series was from the West. I just said I’d seen it.’
Joyann shook her head dismissively, face serious. ‘So who decided which was to be West and which East, Percy? Think about it. The Far East? Far from whom?’
Percy took a moment before answering. He was used to sharing banter with Joyann, but this seemed to be an unusual case of straightforward trouble making. ‘Now don’t be too hard on me,’ he said, lightly, ‘it is very difficult to know what came first in anything.’
‘Or who,’ she muttered.
‘Excuse me?’
Seeming to consciously shake off the sudden bad humour that had taken her, Joyann smiled. ‘I agree. It is difficult to know what came first.’
Turning from him, she opened her hands as if personally presenting the display before them. ‘Tell me Percy, what do you think of your story as it is shown here? Same as television? Were they naughty characters in your show?’
Nearby, a sweaty looking Norm appeared again behind a very lively Cocoa. Again he kept his distance, lingering beside the monument.
‘Same same but different,’ Percy said, echoing a widely used phrase.
‘Percy.’
‘Okay, same same but same.’
Joyann ignored his attempt at levity. ‘And do you think it is right for immortals to behave in such a way? Assuming, of course, there is such a thing as an immortal.’
Percy raised an eyebrow but Joyann, even in her slightly improved mood, clearly wanted more from him.
He thought for a moment. ‘Okay. With that assumption in mind, I suppose it is difficult for gods to behave as such amongst mortals, because human frailties are bound to be an influence. Maybe it is tempting to experience temptation itself? Perhaps that is why they always have human messengers and helpers, to avoid temptation. It would make a change to have a wayward prophet, though, wouldn’t it? They’re usually always so bloody pious.’
‘I cannot speak for the gods, Percy, unlike you, but I suppose it is true that most people who preach, for instance about resisting temptation, have rarely been truly tested themselves.’ 
‘Exactly!’ Percy exclaimed, pointing a finger at Joyann. ‘A monk half way up a mountain will find it fairly easy to resist a page three model. But put him in a room with one, and bingo!’
‘Page three?’
‘Topless girls, on page three. You know, in the newspaper. There always used to be…’
‘Not a newspaper in Singapore.’ Joyann interrupted.
‘I suppose not. Only scenes of dead people, or their grieving relatives, plastered across the front page. It’s all good news here in Singapore, folks, unless running a story offers an excuse for a graphic photograph.’
‘We are all different, Percy.’
As they talked, Norm once more moved on without speaking, Cocoa pulling and sniffing her way up to the top terrace where a series of Chinese proverbs were depicted.
Joyann watched him go. ‘You know, Percy, maybe it is just that a god doing his own work, with all the magic that would necessarily be available to him or her, would not make for an interesting story. Gods are wrathful and remote by reputation, to keep us wondering and interested.’
Percy agreed, ‘And to keep people fearful.’
‘And faithful.’ She fanned herself with her fingers. ‘My goodness, it is very hot today. Very sticky.’
‘Perhaps your God is telling us to get an ice cream back down at the café and finish looking around after that. I feel like I am being steamed alive.’
‘My God?’
‘Don’t tell me you’re an atheist.’
She smiled lightly. ‘No. I believe. But I teeter.’
‘Why?’
‘I don’t know.’
 ‘Well I am teetering on having a red bean and green tea ice lolly.’
She laughed, ‘Ah, you are turning into a local, Percy. Next you will be eating nasi lemak and drinking with a straw from a small plastic bag.’
‘So what will you have?’ he smiled.
‘Probably a Magnum.’
Chapter 16
PULAU UBIN
The calm water was not the inviting shimmering sea of a tropical idyll, but the surface inches were clear enough to reveal the prowling stripes and darting shadows of fish hunting beneath.
With brightly painted hull, the bumboat travelled dead slow away from the small harbour in Changi Village, engines roaring as the aging captain opened the throttle. A short time later it docked at a small island, each of the twelve passengers two dollars poorer for the short ride. All around, the sea was now crystal clear, the grey-green working waters of Singapore a mile behind yet seeming a world away.
‘Not exactly a long way to come for a holiday, Percy,’ Phrike commented, as he waited for other passengers to disembark, wiping sweat from his heavy brow.
‘As I told Meera, I am not ready for a holiday. But this… something like this… is exactly what I need, just a day away from everything. It’s perfect and a bargain, and in Singapore a bargain is not something to be sniffed at. I mean, two dollars. What else can you get for two dollars?’
‘Chicken rice,’ offered Joyann.
 ‘Trip cost four dollar. Two dollar here, two dollar back,’ interrupted the captain, ‘unless you do not want the return boat home! Four dollar very cheap, lah. Come. Come.’
Joyann reached out and touched Percy’s arm, kindly, ‘Of course this is what you need. Anyway, what you do is up to you. Only you know how you feel, Percy.’ She smiled, and looked out through a window. ‘Goodness, I have not been here in a very long time. You keep taking me back to my childhood, Percy.’ 
‘You used to come here?’ asked Phrike.
‘Oh yes. It was a quarry when I was a girl, with a large community and a big school. Well, quite big, for the time. My father’s friend lived here and my brother and I would come with my father to visit. It was fun. Now I think there are very few people left, maybe one hundred, maybe less. It’s more a nature reserve than anything.’
Phrike gestured for Joyann to leave the boat ahead of himself and Percy. ‘Pulau Ubin,’ he said, ‘I never thought I would actually come here, which is crazy when it’s so close. The wooden buildings make it look like Malaysia.’
‘Or Singapore not so many years ago,’ Joyann commented, ascending the steps into the increasing heat of the day.
Once off the boat, the three took a moment to admire their surroundings. Nearby, in the shade of a wooden canopy, a group of school children squatted on the jetty, each painting the scene before them of tangled native trees, huts and sandy shores littered with rocks and driftwood; all very different from the city they had left behind for the day, and nothing like the manmade beaches of East and West Coast parks.
‘Okay. Bikes,’ said Percy, scanning ahead for direction.
‘Bikes?’ questioned Joyann, looking small next to the two men, and neat in her white cotton shirt and black shorts.
‘Bikes,’ repeated Percy, ‘so we can see the island. We can rent them.’
‘We’re not going to walk?’ 
‘You can ride a bike, can’t you?’ Phrike asked.
‘Of course. But it was a very, very long time ago I last rode one.’ She took a deep breath, almost comical in its drama, ‘But it will be fine. I will be fine. Let us go. Come. Perhaps it was here… perhaps it was here I last rode a bike!’
Phrike, dressed in his usual khaki, rested an arm across her shoulders, ‘I am sure you will be fine, Joyann. It will be cooler on bikes, too. I don’t fancy walking far in this heat. It’s unbearable.’
*
With bicycles hired – ten-dollar fancy bikes rather than five-dollar clunking antiques – they rode off, Joyann wobbling at first but soon discovering that riding a bike is like riding a bike. Percy led the way, already feeling the benefit of change to such a degree that he found himself vaguely satisfied. It was almost as if a nice day out with friends was enough. Almost. Would Art enjoy this, he mused? He decided that Art probably would, providing there was a pint of beer at the end of it.
Phrike also seemed to enjoy the atmosphere, with his huge frame perched upon the saddle. ‘This is a special thing,’ he proclaimed heartily.
Joyann agreed, poetically declaring that even the humidity was a special thing, a thing of jungles and fecundity and the foundation of life.
Uncomfortable with effusion and the sense they were becoming The Thrilled Three – much older second-cousins-once-removed to The Famous Five – Percy pedalled ahead.
The island paths were quiet despite the number of people milling around the restaurants and numerous bike rental outlets located near the quay. Struggling up hills and speeding down slopes, passing small wooden homes with washing on lines and dogs prostrate in the road, muddy mangroves and beautiful blue-green lakes, the trio rolled on happily and quietly. Eventually, hungry and hot, they pulled into the shade of the impenetrable looking rainforest, Joyann and Phrike grinning with pleasure. Just as they stopped, a wild boar trotted out from the undergrowth and across the path ahead of them, closely followed by one tiny galloping piglet. In seconds, both mother and baby had vanished.
‘Did you see that?’ Phrike displayed such an unusual level of excitement that both Percy and Joyann seemed more amazed by him than the appearance of the boar.
‘How wonderful,’ Joyann said, laughing. ‘And the baby, so cute. I have never seen one before.’
‘Nor me,’ said Percy. ‘But do you know what? I would really love to see a snake.’ He slipped off his bag, the back of his shirt soaked with perspiration. ‘It’s been ages since I’ve seen one.’
‘Are you never satisfied,’ remarked Phrike. ‘Be glad to have seen the boar!’
‘I am, Phrike. But I really want to see another snake.’
Joyann grimaced, ‘A snake? You are mad. I do not want to see one, so please do not tell me if you do.’
Like so many, she had not been raised to think meeting a snake could be considered a pleasant encounter. In contrast, coming from a country with so few and where none were especially dangerous, Percy marvelled at the animals.
Phrike was studying the point at which the boar had disappeared, trying to see beyond the thick wall of green. ‘I must do this more often,’ he said, quietly.
‘There are reserves in Singapore,’ Joyann suggested, ‘big ones.’ She feigned a shudder, ‘with huge lizards and boar and snakes and monkeys, crocodiles and goodness knows what else.’
‘Then we should go.’ Phrike took off his rucksack. ‘Anyone want an apple?’ His lined face was bright with the thrill of the sighting.
‘People-watching from the comfort of a café maybe over for you, Phrike. Maybe pig-watching by bike could be your new thing,’ Percy observed, ‘I think you may have discovered a new interest.’ 
‘Rediscovered. God, I loved this sort of thing when I was a boy, much to my parents’ dismay. Academics, you know. History rather than natural history, and very much preferring an indoor life.’ He pulled out a bag of fruit and shared it. ‘This is a good day for me, a very good day. Thank you Percy! Great idea of yours.’
Noticed but without note, a couple were standing a little way ahead on a bend. They too were rummaging in a bag, but occasionally they pulled each other close as new lovers, interludes of kissing slowing the foraging, aware only of themselves. 
A certain laugh caught Percy’s attention, and so he took time to observe the pair properly. In a way it began only as an absent glance, without thought or consideration, no more than a reflex action in response to a familiar sound. But the glance soon became something more, as his casual study became a hard and motionless examination. Soon Joyann’s gaze joined his. 
The next thing either man knew, her barely eaten apple had been hurled into the trees and she was cycling off at full pelt back the way they had come.
Chapter 17
A REVELATION
‘Percy? Where the hell is she going? What’s up?’
‘Fuck.’
‘What?’
Percy turned away sharply, hiding his face, putting his bag on hastily and clumsily. ‘That,’ he said bitterly, ‘is my fucking wife.’ He nodded the side of his head towards the couple, still engrossed in each other and oblivious to the crisis nearby.
‘Shit!’ Phrike gasped.
‘Shit indeed. I suppose that is the man my fucking wife isn’t fucking.’
‘But what about Joyann?’
‘What? Oh, I don’t know.’ Percy shook his head, ‘Fuck, what a mess.’ He could feel a tight lump rising in his throat, and fought to contain it.
‘Percy…’
‘I knew there was someone else. I fucking knew it. Bitch.’
Phrike put his large hand on Percy’s shoulder. ‘What do you want to do. Do you want to go over? Confront them?’
Percy wiped away a tear that had defied suppression. ‘No. I’m going to get as far away from that fucking, fucking, fuck bitch as I can. I’m sorry, Phrike, what with the pig and everything. You coming?’
‘Yeah. We’d better find Joyann. She looked terrible.’
Percy nodded, gravely.
Phrike quickly zipped up his bag and threw it on, ‘Let’s go. She won’t have got very far. You know what girls are like.’
Ahead of them, Joyann had stopped. Breathless and hot she stood beside her bike, bent over, vomiting into the bushes. By the time the two men were in sight she was off again. Percy called, but she kept going until they caught up and forced her bike to a halt. It wasn’t difficult and she nearly fell off.
Pale, her face stiff with grief, it was clear Joyann had drastically lost her spirit.
‘You okay?’ Phrike asked, for want of something better to say.
She stood silently. A jungle fowl shot out from the bushes, clucking fussily, before running off along the path.
Putting what he had seen to one side, Percy dug deep. It seemed no one was going anywhere until a degree of equilibrium was re-established. ‘Back there. You know, it doesn’t matter,’ he lied. ‘It was a shock, yes, but it is over between us now, anyway. Really. It doesn’t matter.’ He stared at Joyann, astonished at her continued distress. ‘It was very sweet of you though, to worry, but no need.’
‘It matters.’ Grimly, Joyann shook her head and turned away. 
 Percy manoeuvred his bike so he could again see her face, ‘No. It doesn’t. That… that back there… it doesn’t change anything,’ he thought for a moment, ‘Well, not much. Maybe it changes any settlement… hopefully… but that’s good…’ His voice trailed away. She wasn’t to be moved. ‘Come on. Please don’t look so sad.’
Percy was almost overwhelmed by Joyann’s strength of feeling. It was not often people came to his defence, and he found it undeniably pleasurable.
The silence hanging between the three was so great and so peculiar that Percy felt deeply uncomfortable, and he could see Phrike did too. Accepting Joyann was not prepared to speak further, they cycled back to the hire shop together. Once the bikes were given back, they waited at the quay for the ferryman to decide he had enough passengers to justify a return journey to Singapore. They stood in silence; Percy, ever watchful for his wife, Joyann consumed with misery, Phrike ill at ease. 
Eventually, Phrike wandered off and spoke with the captain and handed over twenty-five dollars. When he came back he patted Percy on the back.
‘We can go now. Come on. I could do with a cold beer or four, I’m sure you could, too.’ 
A scattering of waiting passengers looked to Phrike hopefully. He gestured for them to follow, and with a boatload of just seven but a full pocket, the captain merrily motored off.
*
Once away from the island, dark storm clouds could be seen over Malaysia, the reason for the mounting heat. This was not the strange swirling grey of a low electrical storm, twisting and churning and making a person feel trapped in the surreal. It was a featureless sheet of pure black. Even in the boat, the once still air started moving and lifting with the change in pressure; a sure sign something big was coming. Percy knew they would make it back to shore before the rain hit, for the edge of the storm looked to be more than twenty minutes away, but the drive home in Phrike’s car would be painfully slow as the expressway would surely grind to a virtual halt. Not that it mattered. There was nothing to get home for, he reminded himself. It was only that if Joyann persisted in her curious mood it could be a very awkward journey indeed; he had never before had to deal with her in such an odd frame of mind. With the exception of one or two recent occasions when he supposed she was tired, Joyann was a consistently cheerful person, and Percy had always regarded consistency as a vital quality, even in happy people, and something the emotionally jumpy should aspire to. 
Continuing his efforts to put her ahead of his own anger, Percy put an arm around Joyann. He made sure he seemed friendly rather than intimate, because he’d seen plays and films where grief had driven strangers to bed. ‘Joyann, will you talk to me now? We may have a long journey ahead, you know. It will be easier.’ He felt a little foolish, as if patronising her.
Joyann shook her head, clearly afraid to speak for fear of crying. The tears came anyway. ‘I am so sorry for you, Percy,’ she said eventually, ‘so sorry about your wife. I did not recognise her.’
‘We all look the same, huh?’ 
Joyann allowed the smallest of smiles to escape, really no more than a twitch. ‘Well yes, you do,’ she agreed, shakily, ‘but I have met her only once, that time at Boat Quay. The meal.’
Percy nodded. 
‘Percy, there is a big storm coming,’ she continued, ‘in more ways than one.’
He pulled back his arm and retrieved his water bottle, feeling overwhelmingly dehydrated from the shock as much as the heat and exercise. ‘I guess I got to see my snake,’ he muttered.
‘Me too,’ she said.
‘Joyann, you shouldn’t feel so bad about it. Please.’
She began to weep again, ‘It is worse than you think, Percy. Much worse.’
‘Why?’ Phrike asked. It was clear to all that more was bothering Joyann than Percy’s cheating wife. 
‘Yes, why? How can it be worse? What could be worse than seeing your wife in the arms of another man?’ Percy was puzzled.
‘Seeing your husband in the arms of another woman.’
‘Excuse me?’ 
Joyann straightened and wiped her wet face with the heel of her hand. ‘I told you, Percy. I did not know she was your wife. That man you saw her with, he… he is my husband.’
‘Shit!’ Phrike exclaimed.
‘As you say, Percy, we all look the same,’ Joyann said feebly. ‘I wouldn’t expect you to recognise him. Actually I do not think you even spoke to him the night of our meal. You being you.’
Percy was no longer listening. Despite spending an entire evening in his presence in the fancy restaurant on Sentosa, Percy had not recognised Ethan. The man truly had the most unremarkable face. ‘What a complete bastard!’ Percy actually wanted to say her husband was a cunt, but thought better of it.
‘Cunt more like,’ remarked Phrike, casually, as if hearing Percy’s thoughts. Joyann nodded, as a murmur of agreement travelled the small boat, including the captain. 
Percy exchanged a brief look with Joyann, one he could not properly understand. He was aware their circumstances were forcing them from habit; freeing them both from the emotional reticence they shared. Soon they might talk of things that would have remained secret had they not been so cruelly betrayed. Ordinarily, this prospect would be cause enough for Percy to run for the hills, but he felt that for once he might like to talk about things. The sighting had reminded him of the loneliness he had only just found enough strength to ignore. But the flip side would be that he would have to offer support to Joyann, and while he was happy to talk, he knew his interest would be limited. For a fleeting moment, Percy did not like himself.
‘How long, do you think?’ Phrike asked, ‘I mean, how long do you think they’ve been… you know…’
‘Christ, does it matter?’ Percy burst.
‘Well, I suppose no longer than Percy has been in Singapore,’ Joyann said, verging on sarcasm, ‘not that that is much comfort.’ Her face was stony. ‘I knew it. I felt something was wrong but I tried to ignore it. We have not been getting along very well, but at the same time he has been quite…’ Joyann sniffed, rather than finish her sentence.
A sudden chill enveloped Percy. No longer than he had been in Singapore? An interesting point and food for thought; surely Sal was not capable of such a thing as he was now considering. Of moving them both and allowing him to give up his own career just for her to be near her lover? Could she? Did she? After all, for a very long time she was in Singapore more than she was in England, which was half the reason for moving, the other half being Sal’s one last shot. Was Joyann’s husband the real other half of that reason?
‘Percy?’ Joyann said, ‘what is it? What is wrong now?’
‘Nothing. I was just thinking. About what you said. Tell me, do you think they were together before?’
‘Before?’ she questioned.
‘Before we moved here?’
‘You’re kidding?’ Phrike said.
‘No!’ Joyann looked distressed, fresh dismay just when it seemed the worst had already happened. ‘I don’t know,’ she added. ‘Maybe they were.’ 
Phrike’s expression changed, as though a mental door had opened. ‘But why? No one in their right mind would drag someone half way around the world whilst planning to finish it, would they? It doesn’t make sense. Why go to the trouble?’ 
Percy thought he could read him. ‘Your wife wouldn’t, Phrike. Probably not, anyway.’
‘But where’s the moral line?’ said Phrike.
‘He is right, Percy. Where is the moral line? If they are capable of deceit they are capable of deceit, it is that simple. They have not considered our feelings at all, so why would they have done so at any other time? He is, as Phrike says, a…’
‘A what?’ prompted Percy.
‘You know what Phrike said.’
‘What?’
‘A you-know-what.’
‘A what?’
Joyann wrinkled her nose, and whispered, ‘The c word.’
‘Cruel?’
‘Cunt.’ She pulled a face and shook her head, the word unpleasant in her mouth.
Percy released a long breath, shoulders sagging, mouth gaping. ‘I just don’t know. I can’t think. It sounds mad to suggest it, but Sal’s never been on her own before, not really. Maybe she was testing the water. If it didn’t work out with him then she would stay with me. But it did work out, so she left.’
Phrike shook his head. ‘Too extreme to me. Sounds unrealistic.’
‘It does,’ agreed Joyann. ‘But that does not mean it did not happen that way.’
 ‘Do you know what? I think that is what happened. That’s what she did. She dragged me out here for one last fucking shot and then fired her own shot somewhere else. Or let him fire his!’
Joyann released a small sob.
‘Percy! You don’t know that. And really, does it matter?’ asked Phrike, ‘because it doesn’t make a difference to the here and now. It doesn’t change anything.’
‘Yes, Phrike,’ he replied, levelly, ‘it matters! It matters to me.’
‘Why, Perc? It really makes no difference. And besides, you’ll probably never know what she was thinking. What either of them was thinking. I doubt they knew what they were thinking, themselves.’
‘You sound sympathetic,’ Joyann said, sourly.
Phrike put his large hands together, touching his lips as if in prayer. ‘I don’t mean to. It’s a terrible thing to happen… and to find out this way is… well… indescribably awful. But you may never get to the bottom of it. I had a friend whose husband had an affair for years and everyone but her knew about it. You know what? Even after they’d split he refused to admit it to her. Even after his mistress became his wife.’
‘Your point?’
 ‘That some people are cowards, Joyann. You have to accept that you may never know the facts.’ His hands fell away. ‘If it was me, I would go home, put his stuff outside in the bin and change the locks.’
‘I might never know?’ Joyann’s distress was turning to fury. ‘Never know? I intend to find out, and tonight!’
‘How? He’ll just lie some more,’ Percy pointed out, resentfully, ‘Sal definitely will.’
‘Listen. Things have been wrong for a long time, I know that,’ Joyann struggled to stifle angry tears, ‘but he has nothing to gain by being dishonest with me now. Has he?’ Sniffing hard, she looked back across the water to the island. ‘I suppose he planned to leave soon anyway, to be with your wife.’ She paused, and then added quietly, ‘My family never liked him.’
‘What will they say, do you think?’ Percy asked.
‘I told you so, I imagine.’
Percy longed to turn the clock back, to go to a time where he was sitting alone on Sixth Avenue drinking coffee, watching the Indian lady with her orangey brown hair and pierced face coming each day to drink latte. Where he pondered the Australian women as they gossiped animatedly, where he wondered about the flustered English woman, who, as Sal rightly predicted, had ditched her children and now came to drink only with friends, clothed in that uniform of certain expats of a certain age and gender. And Joyann, she would remain an attractive and sunny Singaporean woman sitting with two men, laughing, chatting, and enjoying breakfast. That was a good time, a time of comfortable ignorance and blissful grumbling. 
Chapter 18
MACRITCHIE RESERVOIR PARK
Percy needed time to think. He hated this fact, because it meant trawling through feelings that he would rather ignore. He had always disliked emotions, because they made maintaining his preferred steady mindset something of an effort.
There were no conclusions to be drawn, but he hoped exercise might help put aside the anger and resentment unsettling him. Having read somewhere that it helped delay the onset of dementia and reduce the terrible affects of it, Percy reasoned it might help his own troubled brain, too. A long walk would be ample for the task, he felt, and if not then he would walk the whole lot again and again until it was.
He had found a nature reserve where an extensive network of paths had been cut and laid through secondary jungle. It was an interesting place to read about, since one website he looked at stated MacRitchie Reservoir Park contained a Japanese Shinto shrine built by prisoners during the second world war. It was a ruin, and off trail, and so he thought it might be a pleasant distraction to try and find it. However, the other side of the park offered a tempting suspended treetop walkway, and he didn’t feel it would be possible to do both. Percy weighed it up and opted to explore the ground, leaving the canopy for another day.
During the Pulau Ubin trip, Joyann had said there were plenty of nature reserves in Singapore, and it seemed she was right. This one was close to home and easily accessible by bus or MRT, the city’s underground train, and so after Percy had coated himself liberally with insect repellent and sun cream and donned his Aussie style hat, he threw on a pack containing some snacks, clipped a water bottle to his belt, and set off. Once at MacRitchie, he used the public toilet before starting out on an obvious pathway with a growing sense of anticipation.
The trail was routed alongside the reservoir, and there he saw people rowing dragon boats. The long crafts seemed to skim the water’s surface, gliding forwards smoothly and elegantly. Percy could feel the tension that had been gripping him since seeing Sal with Ethan already releasing itself, elbowed out by the pleasure of hopeful expectation. He absolutely loved boats, and longed to take a closer look, but they were all far out on the water, and, as it turned out, even the clubhouse was empty.
He had not been walking for long when he realised that beneath his pack his back was running with perspiration. He was glad to have selected his very lightest clothing. It was not overly hot, barely touching thirty degrees, but as was so often the case the air was very still and heavy, the mid-grey overcast sky acting as a ceiling trapping everything below in a warm, airless pocket.
Not for the first time, Percy noticed how tidy everything was, with metalled paths free from weeds, and grass kept short, with borders trimmed. And there was not a single item of rubbish to be seen, which he considered particularly impressive since he also noted the park contained no litterbins. His phone vibrated, but he ignored it. This walk was to be free from technology, free from other people, free from – from what? Sal was the name that came to mind. Yes. This experience must be free from thoughts of Sal. Bugger trawling through feelings; why waste a lovely day out? Percy took stock, cleansed his mind and mentally began his walk again. 
Before long, the path took him from the side of the reservoir to a small junction, where the left fork was a boardwalk continuing along the water’s edge, while the right fork became grit and dust and headed into the jungle. Percy stopped. Compromise on the technology ban was necessary, because the notice board that once held a map was empty, displaying only a message from the parks authority apologising for the inconvenience. Percy drew out his phone and looked up the routes. The longest walk from that point was along the jungle path, and it could be increased by an extra few miles if some boardwalk options were thrown in later on. 
He took a slug of water, and moved to the uneven ground, light immediately lessening beneath the dense trees, along with a slight drop in temperature. The short walk so far had been mosquito free, and though covered in repellent in any case, he was confident about his choice of wearing shorts instead of long trousers. He only hoped it would stay that way. He thought for a moment, and remembered that he had indeed packed the repellent, should there be a need to top up. Percy breathed deeply and contentedly. Already the walk was proving therapeutic, and though he had passed two or three other walkers, he felt to be quite alone.
As he walked, Percy’s eyes scanned the ground and undergrowth, just as they had on Pulau Ubin, and exactly as they did every time he walked in the Botanic Gardens. In fact, wherever Percy went he was ever hopeful of seeing a snake, though he had yet to brave the small dense jungle opposite his house in search of one. He considered it often, planning to wrap himself up in defensive clothing procured from who knew where and go over to check it out, but so far it was nothing more than a vague intention. It was too close to housing for comfort. Houses meant rodents; rodents meant cobra. He liked snakes, but not that much.
In any green space, there was potential for snakes, he knew, though few people he’d spoken with had seen very many. Some had never seen even one, though he suspected this was from lack of observation. In this park, there was the real possibility of seeing python and a variety of tree snakes, plus cobras and a few others. Top of Percy’s spotting list was a spitting black cobra at a safe distance, followed by any length of reticulated python; but he was excited by the prospect of seeing any species of snake. Some words floated into his thinking: it is important to have your eye and mind roving and absorbing everything you see but in a very broad and general way, then when you spot a snake you will find yourself able to see many. This had been Phrike’s advice. A tiny sense of guilt flashed through Percy. Maybe he should have invited him. Next time. Besides snakes, other animals were hidden away from sight; even pangolin, though Percy did not expect to encounter one. Whatever the walk ahead held, he was sure to enjoy it, he felt. 
However, after several miles without seeing more than the occasional bird, he was beginning to wonder if he should have just gone to the Botanic Gardens as usual. He stopped and drew out his water bottle, noticing then some enormous black ants walking about. He peered at them. It was a sighting of sorts, he supposed, though he’d seen this type before.
He shoved the bottle back in its holster and set off again, when just a short way ahead he spotted a large scorpion ambling across the path. Percy gasped, and pulled his phone from his pocket as fast as he could, any principles regarding the use of technology tossed aside. But he fumbled to open the camera setting, so by the time he had managed to do so the shiny dark brown invertebrate was gone. He stood for a moment looking for it, just as Phrike had looked for further signs of the boar and baby. Nothing moved, fallen dead leaves motionless.
Despite not being able to find it, Percy continued on feeling very satisfied. It wouldn’t matter if he didn’t see anything more, for the sighting had been a tremendous boost. Never before had he seen a scorpion, either in captivity or in the wild, and so he was thrilled. His excitement was tainted only by the fact that when he got home there would be no one to share it with. Percy decided he would call Phrike and invite him for a beer; invite him also for a walk.
For sometime after, the jungle again seemed devoid of life, though the distant sound of a digger or some other machinery interrupted the silence. Then, Percy realised what sounded like bird song had slowly crept in unnoticed, and all about him different degrees of whooping and shrieking echoed from within un-viewable spaces. It was certainly not the twitter or chirping of birds from home. He smiled, and again took some water.
Before long, he arrived at the noisy machinery. Work was being undertaken felling a few selected trees. Behind him, what had become quite loud calling was fading away. Again drinking, he stood for a moment and looked about, aggravated at the sight and sound of the men, not thinking critically as he normally might about the fact the path was left open to walkers despite possible danger. Today a different grumbling thought dominated, that he would see nothing now because everything would have been frightened off. 
He was wrong. Because it was then he noticed what looked to be a length of bright blue rope lying on the ground near the path, except the rope was moving. A snake; blue with an orangey red head and tail. Percy stepped closer, breath held. With that colouring it had to be poisonous, but he wanted a photo. The snake moved off. Percy took a picture of it disappearing under a log, almost shaking with excitement. First the scorpion and now this.
He couldn’t believe his luck, and had there been another walker passing by he would have certainly set aside his nature and shared his enthusiasm. But besides the two men working on the tree, Percy had not seen another person for miles. An odd feeling descended, not nervousness at being isolated or joy from being alone, or even underlying fear of the snake, just a peculiarly edgy kick. He smiled, drank more water and walked on.
The sound of calling was again growing louder. Percy could not see what was making the noise, and so leaving behind the inner workings of the jungle, took the boardwalk option that had opened up ahead of him. He hadn’t realised he was walking so close to the water again and couldn’t tell if it was the same reservoir or some other lake.
At the start of the walkway, a huge Malayan water monitor lizard was lazing on the wood, but on seeing Percy slipped quietly away, fat thighs framing its tail as it disappeared over the edge and beneath the surface. He had seen these giants before, on Pulau Ubin, and remained in awe of their great size. This one was at least three feet long and he was glad it had moved because he hadn’t wanted to walk near it; they weren’t necessarily shy so it might have let him stand within striking distance. Did they strike people? It didn’t matter, for though Sal had never mentioned these monitors while filling Percy’s psyche with all things dangerous in Singapore, the look of Komodo dragon put him off risking too close an encounter. Though protected, they remained a popular dish in Malaysia, and Percy had read in the local paper of a case where one was found live, tied up inside a holdall, abandoned by a rumbled poacher. Circumstantial evidence pointed at a Malaysian culprit. He wondered at anyone wanting to eat such a thing, but wondered then what it might taste like. Crocodile, perhaps.
Though still unable to orientate himself, Percy enjoyed the now open view of the water. Darting red dragonflies were shooting about, and he saw the quick blue flash of a kingfisher, though flying too fast for him to see which species. Birds were not his favourite type of animal, reptiles were, but there was something about birds and water that he always found strangely compelling. 
The walkway was immaculately maintained, following the shoreline and passing under overhanging branches that cooled the air beneath. He’d been walking only a short time when he decided to sit down on the wood and eat his snack while looking across the water, so tranquil that its reflections created a vivid picture. Percy hadn’t been there for long when the strange call he thought he had left in the trees returned, and it was very close. He swivelled round but could see nothing through the dense undergrowth to his back. He looked in each direction along the walkway. Nothing.
Percy heard rustling above him. 
He looked up. There, several pairs of pale eyes met his. Monkeys. 
Quickly, Percy repacked his bag and set off. The low branches above the boardwalk, he realised, were strung with an entire troop of long tailed macaques. His pace quickened. Percy did not want to be where the monkeys were, for he had deliberately ignored a glaringly sound piece of advice regarding walking in the park: bring no food. With relief, Percy spotted the end of the walkway, recognising then that it had merely been a brief detour from the main route.
Just when he was almost on solid land, a large male appeared, walking on all fours, blocking the exit. A quick glance over his shoulder revealed to Percy a furry audience gathering behind, dropping one by one from the trees.
Percy had been clutching the rucksack under his arm, but now he let it slip so his fingers gripped the strap, ready to swing out to defend himself. Fleetingly, he thought about giving in and leaving the food, but resentment niggled. Why should he?
Though trying hard not to make eye contact, Percy could see the big male had started making faces and was baring his huge teeth. Percy prepared to fight. His heart raced. He bloody hated monkeys, he decided. The male launched itself, screaming. Percy ran towards it, yelling. But there was no swing of the bag, only it passing from one large hand to one small one. Seconds later, the bag and the big male were gone and Percy was left wondering what the hell had happened.
He was quite able to see where the animal had fled. Surrounded by interested relatives, Percy watched as the monkey expertly opened the bag before scuttling away with a packet of digestive biscuits, leaving others to fight over an apple. He thought about waiting and retrieving his bag, but watching another animal rip off an outer pouch, Percy decided to cut his losses. The insect repellent was pulled out. He felt uncomfortable, hadn’t there been some advice in the book about that? Now hoping to distance himself from the crime, he turned away and reached round for the water bottle. It had gone, stolen while he was distracted.
Bloody bastards, he thought.
Thirstily, he continued what was left of his walk, ever alert for monkeys though he had nothing left to rob. As he went, he looked up the snake on his phone, thankfully kept in his pocket, and quickly discovered it was a Blue Malaysian Coral snake. Normally hidden away, it was rarely seen by day and rated as deadly. The two workmen he resented had done him a great favour, and inadvertently flushed it out.
Mugging aside, it had been a good day, he decided, even though he no longer felt inclined to look for a lost shrine.
Chapter 19
THE NORM
A python as long as two tall men, end to end, had just been removed from Norm’s condo after being found with a pair of fluffy black and white legs protruding from its supple mouth. In panic, the snake regurgitated the late Fluffy in front of its young mistress, before holding up in a drain for as long as it could, until finally it was wrestled away to the zoo. This destination was something of a myth, created by pest controllers to ease the soft whims of Western expats. Norm was distraught.
‘Oh my, Percy, it was awful,’ he said, as the pair sat amid the throng of the Discussion Group. ‘Truly awful.’
The meeting, held on the wooden veranda of Singapore Polo Club, courtesy of a polo-playing member of the group, was quickly filling the small space allocated to it, and spilling into other areas. The waiting staff looked on, concerned. No match had been played that day, but club members were clearly finding the group’s presence an inconvenience.
Percy shifted his chair to allow a short, serious faced, jodhpur clad man to pass by. He was feeling decidedly uncomfortable, for getting back to something resembling normality after Sal’s betrayal was so horribly exposed, had not been easy.
‘I didn’t think you liked cats, Norm,’ he said.
‘That is not the point. The little girl was in tears, so was her maid, so was I. It was just heartrending.’
‘Shame. Dead cat. Dead snake. All a bit pointless, don’t you think? Maybe the little girl should have kept the snake. Fluffy would have lived on inside and she would have had a new pet.’
‘But Fluffy didn’t live on, Percy, that’s the problem. Fluffy was partially digested.’
‘Spiritually I meant.’
Norm shot him a look, ‘I see. Yes, I suppose so.’
‘It was a joke, Norm.’
Norm did not respond.
‘Speaking of pets…’ Percy lowered his head as if sharing a secret, ‘that guinea pig...’
Norm smiled, ‘You like her!’
‘No. What were you thinking of?’
‘That you wouldn’t want a dog.’
‘Or a bald rodent,’ added Percy. ‘What am I meant to do with it?’
‘I can’t believe you don’t want her. I thought she might have a home for life with you, Percy. That’s what she needs. That’s what all those poor little animals need.’
‘Point of fact, Norm, she does have a home for life, providing she dies this week.’
Conversation naturally paused as new arrivals for the meeting squeezed by, and for a moment Percy’s eyes roamed across the flat expanse of the polo field, its green grass dulling in the fast fading light.
It was the group’s first evening meeting. Planning each event had now fallen out of Joyann’s hands entirely. Since the devastating events of Pulau Ubin, she had stopped attending. Those who had risen up to make venue choices had also taken charge of everything else too. Because of this, the group had rapidly evolved from casual and open to slick and exclusive.
As more members edged by, Percy looked about him. The group had become everything he did not want it to be, the complete opposite of what he had hoped for the day Joyann first mentioned it. Where now were the few grumpy men he’d managed to drag in, elite in their cynicism rather than social standing?
And what would happen to Joyann’s wonderful topical input, boring at times but never frivolous or without meaning? Would she ever come back and share her intelligence?
Percy felt these new members were not people who would end up comfortably slumped on a bench in the Botanic Gardens, or shuffle parkland jungle paths, liver-spotted and grey, reviewing the moments of their active lives with satisfaction. These were people destined to run out of skin, as it slowly stretched and thinned, scant eyebrows lost in hairline, panty beard unwittingly relocated to chin, eyelids curling under the strain; a remodelled army. Sitting in a consultant’s waiting room, they would review not the depth of their lives, but the superficial qualities of the young receptionist, and with a bitter envy. Maybe in the Great-Waiting-Room-in-the-Sky they would be so beyond recognition they would be turned away.
Percy checked himself; there was no Great-Waiting-Room-in-the-Sky. But if there were, would people who had cosmetic surgery for vanity’s sake go to a different place than other people? Percy was tempted to ask Norm what he thought. Assuming God existed and truly made Man in His own image, did Norm agree that He might be a bit pissed off at Man altering that image the moment advances in medical techniques allowed. There wasn’t a fourth bridge in the Ten Courts of Hell. Percy thought better of saying anything, feeling that encouraging theological discussion with Norm might be the wrong thing to do.
The crowd settled and talk commenced. Slowly, the evening passed by and Percy found himself bored but feeling better than he had. Clearly the moment had come to return to the land of the living.
*
The second time a Discussion Group meeting was held in the evening, Percy again found himself with Norm.
It was a later meet, and the venue a popular seafood restaurant. At first, Percy considered it a bizarre choice, because eating there tended to become a battle of messy chilli crab and aprons, something the manicured and lovely might despise. But several large round tables clustered together under the warm night sky might make for easy conversation, was his counter thought once he’d arrived. Reflected light shone from the adjacent river, and Percy was reminded of the time he’d first met Joyann. That restaurant was not so far away, but the evening they had spent there seemed to be a very long time ago.
Across the bridge over the waters, the youth-filled centre of Clarke Quay buzzed brightly with life. His circumstances – the group, Norm, the evening meeting – brought to Percy’s mind his Heavenly ponderings at the Polo Club. This bridge would not be any good as a fourth option, for people crossing it were yet to face the challenges of aging.
Sitting beside him, Norm saw Percy looking.
‘Have you been there?’ he asked him, ‘to Clark Quay.’
‘Walked through it a few times,’ said Percy, ‘coming here tonight, for example. I did see a few oldies though, making tits of themselves; two Sikh men dancing around with a couple of half dressed young Singaporean girls…’ He had been about to add a comment about their wives, but stopped himself. Wives, he thought firmly, should not be routinely portrayed as innocent victims of their husbands’ philandering. 
Norm smiled wistfully, ‘I wish there had been places like that when I was a young man.’
‘There were Norm, you just had a sheltered life. And face it, you wouldn’t have been allowed to go. You wouldn’t have wanted to, anyway.’
Norm shrugged, ‘There used to be a bar in there with golden wheelchairs, called The Clinic.’
‘The Clinic?’ Percy repeated.
‘Yes, golden wheelchairs to sit in, operating trolleys as tables, and cocktails served in those bags saline solution is put in. You know, drip bags.’
‘You’re kidding?’
‘No. They even served snacks in those little silvery kidney dishes. It was open for quite a long time, and always busy. Closed now, though.’
‘You seem to know an awful lot about it.’ 
Norm said nothing, running a hand across his brilliant white hair, patting it into shape.
As they watched people meander by, Percy spotted Phrike arriving with Meera. The two women from Haw Par Villa were following close behind, and all four settled on a table together.
‘About the gift, Norm, the guinea pig.’
‘Sinead?’
‘Yes, the guinea pig. I don’t want it. I told you before. You’ll have to take it back to the shop.’
Norm appeared to quiver with disappointment, ‘I can’t. It wouldn’t be fair on Sinead.’
‘Then re-home it.’
‘You really don’t like her? She’s gorgeous.’
‘You keep it then, Norm. But I don’t want it.’
Conversation was interrupted by the repeated chinking of a glass. A sleek looking woman was calling for the attention of group members. Norm and Percy exchanged a brief look of incredulity, for this was not what they were used to. The woman, Percy guessed, was in her mid-thirties, childless and professional. She spoke eloquently, her sleek hair resisting the fuzzing qualities of Singapore’s humid air, just as Sal’s eventually had, lacquered and smoothed and weighed down with product. She was as neat in her manner as she was in her dress, exactly the sort of person Percy loathed, and had mistakenly married: tanned, blond, pretty, irritating, disloyal, complete bitch. Percy could barely concentrate on what she was saying, but she seemed to be giving instructions with regard to the evening’s topic. Whatever it might be, he expected it to be eyebrow, rather than highbrow.
To the back of her, Percy noticed Joyann arriving for her first Discussion Group meeting since the incident. She was urgently scanning the restaurant as if looking for him.
Carelessly, he shouted to her across the speaker, who issued the filthiest look possible via a fully anaesthetised face. 
Joyann began making her way through the network of seats and tables.
‘That was amazing,’ Norm gasped, his eyes glowing with admiration as they darted from Percy to Joyann and back again. ‘Truly.’
Percy chose not to ask Norm what on earth he was talking about, instead making space for Joyann. He turned to steal a chair from a neighbouring table, but instead found three keenly offered. He took one, and set it down for his friend. ‘There. So how are things?’
‘That was a surprise,’ said Joyann, sitting down demurely and ignoring Percy’s question. ‘An interesting statement.’
‘I sent you a message that I was coming,’ he responded, to what he thought she had meant.
‘Not you, Percy. What you said was a surprise.’
Percy’s confusion was plainly evident.
‘Goodness, you do not change. Percy, what was that lady saying when I arrived? Hmm?’ She asked the question quietly, watching as he poured her a glass of iced water. ‘The lady that I am guessing is chairing the meeting. What did she say when everyone was quiet except for you?’
‘God knows.’
‘Something like that,’ she smiled.
‘I’m sorry?’
Joyann leaned in and spoke in a whisper, so Norm, who was now beneath the table retying his loose shoelace, could not hear. ‘I would have expected you to be a little more careful, in your situation.’ 
He frowned and shook his head a little.
She sipped her drink. ‘So, you do not know what she was saying, before you recklessly called out in front of everyone. In front of...’ she indicated Norm with a small nod.
‘I have no idea. Some drivel or another.’
Norm emerged, and began fanning his face with a folded apron.
‘Perhaps Norman can enlighten you, Percy,’ Joyann said, drawing Norm’s attention. ‘Norman, when I arrived, what was that lady over there saying?’
In the background, the disgruntled speaker had disappeared from view, and most members were focussing on tackling chilli crab, along with the topic issued. 
Norm’s beaming face turned to Joyann. ‘She was saying that tonight we are to discuss reincarnation,’ he glanced reverentially at Percy, ‘and – assuming its truth – whether it is a possibility for higher beings, such as Angels and Messengers. She then asked everyone to consider how many times a Messenger might visit earth, and in what form and why.’ He stole a coy glance at Percy.
‘Not about makeup, then,’ said Percy.
‘And what did Percy say, Norman? Just as she was announcing all that.’ Joyann deftly opened a crab claw with minimal effort and mess, her face bearing an amused smirk.
‘He said,’ Norm swelled with pride, ‘“Here I am.”’
‘Correction, Percy actually said, “I am already here.”’
Percy shrugged, and slugged his beer. ‘And?’
Joyann poked him in the arm, ‘And… in other words, Percy, you announced yourself.’
‘I’m sorry?’
‘As one of the Messengers she was asking about. At least, that is how it sounded.’
‘What a lot of bloody rubbish.’ He remembered their talk at Haw Par Villa, and added, ‘More bloody rubbish.’
Joyann grinned and waggled a finger. ‘Not rubbish. It sounded that way.’
‘No it didn’t.’
‘Oh Percy, it did,’ she insisted.
‘It did,’ agreed Norm.
‘Bullshit. It didn’t,’ corrected Percy, once more. ‘But so what if it did?’
Norm smiled, admiringly.
‘Jeez. Can’t a man have a fucking meal in peace?’ was all Percy could think to say.
Joyann admonished him for his language, so Percy reminded her of a particular word she had used to describe her husband on the bumboat heading home from Pulau Ubin.
‘That was an emergency,’ she said, with a glint of humour in her brown eyes, a glimmer of a person Percy had rarely seen since that day. ‘Besides, you made me say it.’
‘And this is an emergency,’ Percy replied, seriously. ‘Because you’re just trying to stir things up.’
‘I am not!’ Joyann was aghast. ‘I know what I heard, and I know what others heard, that is all.’
‘Would you excuse me one moment?’ Norm said, rising from his seat. ‘I just need to have a word with someone.’ Percy followed Norm’s gaze, and saw he was looking at the table where Phrike and Meera were sitting.
‘Sure. Say hi from me,’ he said.
‘Me too,’ added Joyann. Once Norm had left, Joyann spoke confidentially. ‘Percy, I know we have joked about Norman and his reference to you being like the Son of God. But I think you should be careful. I think he is a vulnerable man who spends too much time in the company of other vulnerable people.’ Her eyes moved across to Norm, who was talking not with Meera and Phrike but the two women from Haw Par Villa. ‘I would hate to see him hurt. We both know it is not a nice feeling.’ On a small plate, Joyann offered Percy some claw meat she’d cracked, pointing out the mess he had made both of himself and the table. 
Using chopsticks, he took it gratefully. Though short on crab skills, he’d become proficient in the use of chopsticks even before Singapore, because Sal had forced him to learn using peas. They had laughed a lot. She had, anyway.
‘He has no focus other than the dog, the group and you.’ She again looked across at Norm.
‘Verity?’
Joyann puffed a little, as if blowing away the name. ‘Verity is something else entirely; I think she takes away some of his loneliness, yes, but adds to it also.’
‘Neutralising it.’
‘No. Emphasising it. But no one other than Norm can know for sure. No. As I said, there is Cocoa, the Discussion Group and you. And them.’ Her eyes were on the two women.
‘What’s wrong with them? Apart from being daft?’
‘Nothing. But they will not be helping ease the crush he has on you.’
Percy sat back in his chair, a look of horror on his face. ‘Crush is rather an extreme term, don’t you think?’ He carefully laid down his chopsticks so they were not pointing at anyone. Sal had also taught him this, though he couldn’t recall the precise reason for it, whether it was simply rude – as if pointing a finger – or if it directed bad luck. He just knew not to do it, and not to leave them sticking out of his rice. Percy swallowed a mouthful of beer, forcing down more than was comfortable as if this in itself were a statement of some kind. ‘He’s the pain-in-the-arse-mate. Everyone has one.’
‘No they don’t. Maybe you should distance yourself from him.’
‘What? He’s a grown man. And a friend. Kind of.’
‘And I am his friend, Percy. Very definitely. I have a bad feeling, and I do not think it’s because of what I have been through lately. What we have been through. I cannot decide exactly what is worrying me, but there is something. I think you may even need to pretend you do not like him. Turn away from your friendship.’
Percy was astonished to hear her talk this way. His amazement showed.
 ‘Yes, Percy, to protect Norman from himself. Strong feelings can become destructive.’
He wanted to ask if she was suggesting Norm fancied him. Though he was not, nor ever had been, homophobic, the thought of saying the words aloud made Percy uncomfortable, as if giving the question a voice might make it true. The pause for thought displayed his unease.
‘You think I would worry about something so simple as one man desiring another?’ Joyann said, reading him. ‘I told you, it is more than that. He relies on you. He watches you, switches his seat to be next to you; follows you like a lamb. He knows you do not feel the same way, Percy, but he cannot stop himself. To be kind you should perhaps be cruel. As I said, it is up to you to turn away from your friendship.’
‘I have hardly turned towards it, have I? I mean, I never arrange to…’
‘Percy,’ Joyann interrupted. ‘I know. I understand. I am aware that sometimes you even say quite unkind things to him. But does that not tell you something about Norman? To help him, you will have to push him away. Somehow tell him you don’t want him around anymore. I don’t know exactly how, but...’
‘You mean lie?’
‘You would never lie, Percy?’
He thought then how little she knew him, because what often made him seem so rude was exactly that, his unwillingness to lie. Percy could send someone away with a flea in their ear if he didn’t want them around, without so much as a second thought. But to turn someone away when he didn’t mean it was an alien concept.
‘And what about you, Percy? Do you have enough in your life, here in Singapore?’
‘What is this? One minute it’s me and Norm, the next minute it’s me and Singapore.’
‘I have said all I want to say on the subject of Norman Sullivan.’ Joyann prodded his arm gently. ‘You and Singapore are next on my schedule. Because what this is, is a friend concerned for you, Percy Field. Where Norman needs to lose focus you need to gain it. Maybe you should rise up and mutiny against these ladies and grow this Discussion Group your way.’
‘You don’t want it back?’
‘No I do not. It’s very far from something my grandmother or mother would have enjoyed. Come on, Percy, stand up and stop people like that one over there from ruining it,’ she sipped her water, ‘or you could find paid work?’
‘I don’t want either of those things right now, thank you, Mother.’
Joyann laughed. ‘You may joke, but I have had much time to think and reflect lately, and I can see that we might all need a change if we are to move forward.’
‘Speak for yourself. Maybe I don’t want to move forward, in the way you mean. Maybe I am happy as I am.’
‘Maybe. And if that is the case then I am pleased for you. To be so happy so soon is good. Have you thought about leaving? About going home… to England? You really need to do something, I think, no matter how happy you claim to be.’ 
A waitress gathered up small plates of shells and other waste, before laying down clean ones.
‘You trying to get rid of me, Joyann?’
‘Of course not. But it is not healthy to keep drifting. Just as I have been treated badly by Ethan, you have been badly treated by Sal, but that is not a reason to give up and do nothing. In fact, it is a reason to do the very opposite. Why do you think I am here tonight? We need to get on with life, you and I. Real life.’
He could see that Joyann was no more convinced by her words than he was. The light in her eyes remained dimmed.
‘We should try,’ she continued. ‘Why should we suffer because of them?’
Percy felt a twinge of something in his gut as Joyann spoke, a feeling about her, perhaps, but maybe something else. Had he caught Joyann’s unease? Whatever it was, it made his stomach feel decidedly uncomfortable.
*
Later that night in the taxi home, after Norm had been dropped off and with Joyann still at his side, Percy suspected with a degree of dismay that the feeling churning his stomach earlier on had not been uneasiness regarding Joyann, but wind. Wind at the very least. It was agonising holding onto that which sought release. Clearly chilli crab and he were not at one. Percy was not a man to release gas freely in public, especially in front of women, and more particularly in enclosed spaces, but out it slipped, silent and deadly. Within moments the taxi driver was muttering to himself in Hokkien. His eyes met Percy’s in the rear view mirror, and Percy thought there was something familiar in the narrowed expression.
‘Sorry,’ said Percy, embarrassed by the seepage, which, as it turned out, was moister than would be naturally bearable. Mortified, he smirked boyishly, never having learned another suitable reaction.
Unaware of the watery nature of Percy’s mishap, and seeing only the apparent impish grin of amusement on the face of a sniggering oaf, Joyann frowned, fingers lightly covering her mouth and nose.
The look cut deeply and hidden in the darkness Percy’s face flushed a little. But embarrassment moved swiftly to irritation, as Joyann added a loud tut to complete her display of displeasure. 
Percy was feeling increasingly unwell. How dare she, he thought. How dare Joyann act so superior, when he felt so dreadful. And it was clear the night ahead would not be a good one. Typical woman, he thought dourly, thinking only of herself. He was tempted to allow a further explosion just to teach her a lesson, but the all seeing eyes of the taxi driver were fixed upon him in the rear view mirror, and his underpants were unbearably damp. There was no chance of making a further statement without risking complete shame.
Joyann lowered the window and looked away, hissing something about men. Feeling let down, Percy allowed nature to take its course, believing he could successfully sift wind from slurry with a carefully managed sphincter. He was wrong. As his stomach churned and his legs began to tremble and feel weak, so the taxi driver pulled over and ejected Percy one mile from home. 
The first huge drops of rain had just started falling, as he stood there and watched the red tail lights fade into the distance, a large stain covering his backside.
Chapter 20
THE GIFT
It was a lousy walk. Percy was forced to resign himself to incontinence, while sheets of heavy rain poured relentlessly from above, sending the worst of it down his leg and into his shoes. Eventually, he removed his foul and sodden footwear and chucked it into the bushes, walking on barefoot through the torrent of water running across the pavement and into the road. It was better walking home in this, he decided, than on a dry night, when he knew the stifling air would have clung to him. It was refreshing to be so wet when feeling so rotten; the constant shower seemed to purge him, even if through it all the sour smell of his ailing body persisted.
Periodically, he was forced to sit down, unable to go on whilst coping with the cramps gripping his gut. Several times he threw-up in the rushing gutter, the reddish concoction of crab and beer carried away on the flood. Deep down, Percy knew the meal he was choosing to blame was probably not the cause of it. It was too soon or too late for such a serious reaction. Sal – no longer ever referred to as Oracles – had kept him well informed of reaction times for various diseases, viral infections, food poisonings and allergic reactions, in her cheery chats over dinner. Again, he wondered if she had been trying to drive him away all along. He tried to remember what he had eaten earlier that day, and the day before, the evening before that. He couldn’t think. He just needed to get home. He’d learned to deal with upset stomachs, because for whatever reason they had become part of his life in recent years. But this was a whole new ballgame.
After a stint of reasonable progress, Percy was forced down once more, close to the house but not near enough. Beneath the deluge, with thunder and lightning hammering, Percy’s bowels evacuated what was left while he crouched against a bush, watching taxis slowly crawl by, lights shimmering on the watery road surface. The most unpleasant part of it all was nearly over, he thought, hopefully, and with the end of his journey almost in sight, Percy roused himself to shuffle the remaining distance. He pondered the evening’s speaker and her stiff face; maybe a flake of that face had fallen into the chilli crab, Botox infecting them all with botulism. It wasn’t possible, he knew, but he liked the idea, which meant that already he was feeling marginally better.
Once home, spasms fading almost as quickly as they had come, Percy flopped down on the step to his house, under the limited shelter of a concrete awning. What he felt being there was something close to euphoria. He meant to search his pockets for the house key, but instead found himself grabbing a couple of pool towels hung under the shelter days before, each as dry as they could ever be in the constant humidity and splashing rain. Feeling the awfulness was finally behind him, Percy succumbed to the cool of a rainy night as it soothed his feverishness and cleansed his soiled body. He wrapped one towel around himself as a blanket, and used the other for a pillow. 
*
The early morning broke to clear blue skies. Any coolness brought by the rain was already passing and the air was strikingly humid, foretelling of more storms before the day was through. 
Percy woke up stiff, feeling as if he were hung-over, the sensation of a body having suffered a virulent attack still strongly apparent. He struggled to check his watch, noticing then that he was not alone. A boy was sitting on a step nearby, a small shadow, staring.
‘You drunk?’ the boy asked.
‘No.’ 
‘You look it.’
‘Well I’m not.’
‘Why did you sleep there, then?’
Percy sat up, his painfully stiff shoulders causing him to regret the previous night’s decision to sleep out, ‘I wanted to.’
‘Why?’
‘Why do you want to know?’
‘’Cos.’
‘’Cos what?’
‘‘Cos I do.’ The boy stood up and moved closer.
‘I was ill, if you must know.’
Appearing to accept this as sufficient explanation for a man sleeping outside his own house in the pouring rain, the boy asked, ‘You better?’
‘Nearly.’
‘I live in there,’ the boy pointed to his house, ‘with my dad. This is your house, isn’t it? I’ve seen you here before. Your wife left you didn’t she?’
Percy drew a long breath, ‘She did.’
‘Are you sad about it?’
‘You ask a lot of questions.’
The boy smiled, ‘I know.’ He moved to sit beside Percy. ‘You smell funny.’
‘I know.’
‘You have lots of bites on your face, Mister,’ the child observed, ‘mossies probably. Maybe you have dengue fever?’
‘Shouldn’t you be at school or something?’ Percy tried to stand, wobbly at first.
The boy leaned to one side, as if to make way. ‘Not yet. It’s too early.’
‘Asleep then?’
The boy fell silent. His eyes conveyed a sadness that even a man like Percy could not miss. ‘I don’t sleep in. Not since my mum died.’
‘That’s terrible. I am sorry.’
‘S’okay.’
Percy hung the two towels back where he’d found them, and flexed his arms.
‘You like the pool?’ the boy asked, pointing to the towels.
‘Yeah,’ said Percy. ‘Listen, it’s been nice to meet you, but I need to go in now. See you around.’
‘See you around,’ the boy repeated, as he returned to his own step and sat back down.
*
After the most cleansing shower he had ever had, Percy stretched out on his very comfortable bed wondering why he had not made the effort to get into it the night before, crisp, clean and the epitome of luxury. What had he been thinking? Folding an arm behind his head, he looked out at the trees. In the breathless air, every leaf was motionless as a snapshot. Skimming the blue sky beyond, he could see a Brahminy kite circling and drifting, searching for breakfast. Rush hour rumbled quietly, and school buses trundled up and down the road in front of the condo, collecting great numbers of children for the day of learning ahead. Percy’s stomach felt as if it had caved in, a sorry hollow rimmed by rib and pelvis. It was, he realised upon gently stroking it, as softly round as ever.
Feeling vulnerable had brought with it reflection. Percy knew he could not go on wallowing in self-pity, half-hearted attempts at pulling himself together excusing him the trouble of making a genuine effort. So far, his pledges to move on were empty. Since Sal had gone, failure had been welcomed, and disappointment made an easy bedfellow.
Perhaps Joyann was right, he mused, and he should go home to try and pick up his life in England; he was certainly not living the dream in Singapore. His heart sank at the thought of it. Life back there could never be a fresh start. It would be a nightmare, a worsening of his current habit of dwelling in the past, because in England he would have to try and start again in a familiar space without the person who had always filled that space, the person he hated but was struggling to free himself from. It couldn’t work, because he would only mooch around old haunts, wishing he were anywhere but there. And he could do that staying here. He was doing that here.
Percy shifted deeper into the sheets, eyes fixed upon the outdoors. Last night he had reached a terrible low. What he had done was disgusting, but not, he decided, inexcusable. Part of him felt a sense of justification. Surely Joyann could have sympathised, surely she could have been more forgiving? Admittedly, she too had suffered, the wandering hands of her errant spouse tearing her life apart, but wasn’t she over it yet? Percy was baffled by her continued state of dejection, certain that her situation could not possibly be as bad as his. Women, he considered, were far better equipped to deal with rejection and deceit than men. That was the natural order of things. Wasn’t it?
Choices for Percy in Singapore were limited. He had always known this, and relied upon it as another excuse to avoid accountability. He did not choose to leave England; it was not his fault he was unable to work; he had made sacrifices; he had given everything and in return been cruelly wounded. He, Percy Field, was an innocent victim. He pondered the absurdity of rejection by his own wife versus the growing adoration of Norm, and found the same conclusion rising up, a clear message expanding amongst the tangle. Quite simply, he could not go on this way.
Below the open window, and beyond the flower laden boundary fence of the compound, voices grew loud. Two people were arguing. Percy could tell that it was an expat scolding a maid for walking a restricted dog in a public place without a muzzle. The maid was livid, and the row was turning into a slanging match. Percy roused himself and went to the window. The women immediately turned their attention to him, pointing and shouting at his naked body, suddenly in league where only moments before they had seemed mortal enemies. What was it with women, he wondered. Retreating, Percy pulled the curtain across the window, aware that once more the guard would be calling to tick him off.
Wearily he climbed back into bed, the darkened room and warming day sending him to a deep sleep.
*
He slept all day and woke up a different man. He drank the finest cup of tea he’d ever tasted and ate toast that transformed him better than any medicine, before heading to the pool.
Everything at the condo was buzzing with activity. Returning school buses, maids with their arms full of shopping, maids and parents hurrying to meet children, the first commuters returning home, carpenter bees busily feeding with their huge blue-black bodies crammed amongst the petals of purple flowers.
Storms promised by the morning air had not yet arrived, and so the cloudlessly hot day had made a fine job of heating the pool. It was normally tepid and rarely cold, but Percy liked it the way it was today, warm enough to stand around in for as long as a person wanted to stand. Goggles firmly in place, he dropped himself in slowly and started swimming steady lengths, enjoying the feel of the water as it slipped across his skin. He wouldn’t be able to do many, he knew, but it felt fabulous. All too soon, children clearly desperate for boisterous fun and a cooling dip after a long day trapped in the classroom, began bumping him. He gave up and climbed out. The stamina required to battle playful hordes was severely weakened, and it was like swimming through a scrum of thrashing maggots. 
Quickly observing that not a single sun lounger was free from swarming children or sprawling mothers, Percy set himself down at the edge of the pool and dangled his legs in the water. The ground, so hot it was close to burning the backs of his thighs, was cooled to bearable by the water streaming from his saturated swimming trunks. It would be a lot to give up, he thought, if he went back to England. Travelling in the cold to a chlorine-saturated pool you could smell a mile away would not be the same. But he accepted he could not afford to stay once Sal pulled the plug. And to afford a smaller place, with or without a pool, was not realistic.
It was while his mind was drifting through thoughts of money – Singapore’s elite, Singapore’s poor, Singapore’s charity based homes for the elderly that he was too young to turn to – that a small voice, interrupted his thoughts.
‘Hello. Feeling better?’
The neighbourly young boy from the morning stood over him, hair, rash-vest and swim-shorts, all dripping water onto Percy’s comfortably drying back. Smiling, the soggy boy pointed to a free bed, and Percy nodded his thanks before rushing to it. As he moved, many eyes were upon him. A neatly rolled blue towel had been placed on the side table, but there was nothing else to mark the territory. No book, no wet marks, no flip-flops, no phone. He cleared his conscience easily, and lying down enjoyed a wonderful sense of relief. With a restful blend of weariness and recovery, Percy closed his eyes.
‘Still tired then?’ the boy asked, having followed him.
‘Yes.’ Percy was short. 
‘Oh.’
Percy felt something drop onto the lounger, squashing against the side of his thigh. Realising with horror that it was the boy’s wet bum, he made a show of wriggling away, eyes firmly shut.
‘Are you allergic?’
Percy ignored the question. It couldn’t be answered without creating a conversation.
‘I said are you allergic?’
Percy shook his head a little.
The boy repeated the question, close to Percy’s ear, his little body damp and cold.
‘No! I am not allergic!’
‘I am.’
Percy refused to say anything, hoping the boy would take the hint. He felt him shift, wriggling back to lean in a little closer and spreading more unwelcome dampness.
‘Dad won’t let me have a pet. The lady said I should have one to help with mum being gone. But it’s hair, you see.’
Confused, Percy tried to maintain his silence.
 ‘You’re not allergic to hair, then? Like me.’
Percy said nothing.
‘Are you?’
‘No.’ Percy sighed.
‘I am. I’m allergic.’
Percy felt himself tensing.
‘I sneeze, and I get a rash.’
‘Listen!’ Percy bolted upright. He had been about to send the child off with a flea in his ear, but instead paused for thought. He found himself making an offer. ‘I have a pet with no hair, if that’s the problem. You can have it, if you like.’
The boy stared. ‘Is it a snake. Only I don’t like snakes. I’ve got a fish. I don’t mind fish. It’s called Multi-Colour.’
‘Then you have a pet.’
‘Not a proper one. Is it a lizard?’
‘No.’
‘A…’
‘It’s a guinea pig,’ he said before the boy could continue, ‘a bald one.’
‘Gross!’
Percy scowled, ‘Do you want it or not?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well bugger off and swim then.’
At that moment, a clap of thunder roared overhead, a deafening crackle rumbling into a loud boom. The boy jumped with fright. Just above them, dark clouds billowed, swelling and rolling, hidden until that moment behind the buildings, a storm brewed on a current of air that now moved amongst the swimmers. Parents and maids immediately stood up and sharply instructed their children and charges to leave the water. Most had leapt out anyway, familiar with the safety exercise that so often came at the most unwelcome of times. 
Percy watched two adults resolutely remain in the water, despite a second enormous crash overhead. With what looked to be a puzzled determination, the pair clung to the side of the pool, susceptibly pale skin tinged with a tender bright pink, hinting at their newness.
‘Tell them to get out,’ the boy demanded.
‘Probably fresh from England,’ Percy replied, despite himself. ‘What they do is up to them.’
With an easy acceptance, the boy shrugged. ‘Can we go back now and get the guinea pig?’
Percy thought about it. ‘Maybe. You go ahead and check with your dad first. I’ll catch you up.’
Huge spots of rain darkened the concrete paths; inky blots widening and overlapping, until no dry ground remained. With his maid running ahead, the boy scurried away with the other children, like so many dropped marbles rolling and scattering. 
Percy, pleased to see the pool was virtually empty, slipped back into the broken water until a rain-drenched and growling guard insisted the three stubborn adults get out. 
He walked home slowly, the tropical deluge freshening his spirit.
*
‘You were a long time,’ said the boy, appearing at Percy’s door. Anything beyond six feet away was obscured behind a dense sheet of rain. ‘My dad wants to meet you.’
‘Fine.’
‘Come on then,’
‘What? Now?’ Percy had just made a welcome cup of tea, after packing up Sinead’s belongings. ‘It’s bloody pouring.’
‘Yes. Now. He said what type of grown man keeps a bald guinea pig for a pet? So I said I’d show him. He’s waiting.’
Percy did not want to go. How could a man whose wife had left him crushed and bitter through foul deception meet a man whose wife had just died? How could he look this boy’s father in the eye? What if he was a pitiful character? What if he, too, was crushed and bitter and feeling betrayed. How could one victim’s version of resentment possibly face the other?
‘Please can I see my new guinea pig?’ the boy asked, trying to peer around Percy and into the house.
‘What if your dad says no?’
‘He already said yes. He just thought you might be a bit… funny… that’s all.’
‘Oh?’ said Percy, warily.
‘Talking to boys on their own at the pool, having a little pet for them to come and see, you know…’ the boy’s eyes glinted, as if he knew what he was saying.
‘Right. If your dad says yes then let’s get all this gear to yours. Come on, pick up those bags. Let’s get this done.’ He lifted the wire cage, Sinead scuffling and sliding on the smooth base. ‘And no more talk like that, okay. It’s not nice.’
Percy placed a piece of card over the cage to save Sinead’s naked skin from slicing raindrops. Then he remembered the partially covered car park; they would be able to travel between the houses entirely under cover. He instructed the boy to start moving things downstairs to the basement.
The boy nodded. Noticing a pair of tweezers on the coffee table, he picked them up, fingering the few stray hairs stuck to the tip.
Percy quickly reminded the boy of his allergy, and berated him for fiddling with things that didn’t belong to him. 
Sinead peered at them both, her freshly plucked completely bald nose a raw pink.
The visit went smoothly, the boy’s father showing no signs of suspicion regarding Percy, and nothing in his manner suggested he had been recently bereaved. What was revealed, however, was his enormous gratitude for the hairless pet given so freely to a boy in need of something to focus on.
Chapter 21
THE MATTER OF WORDS
Sal leaned back in her chair, brown legs loosely crossed at the ankle. Her arms were not folded, and nothing about her posture suggested anything other than confidence. From across the table, Percy inspected her. She wore what Percy thought was typically bold expat jewellery and clothing, except she now sported a thin, expensive looking cardigan; testimony to complete acclimatisation. Her hair was blonder than it had been, shiny and sleek without a hint of fuzz, her evenly tanned skin flawless and smooth. Smoother, in fact, than it had ever been before.
He studied her face with interest. ‘Have you had some kind of thing done to your face?’ he questioned, ‘Botox or whatever?’ He could not be certain if it was the deadpan result of facial treatment, or her dislike of him, but Sal’s cold look cooled further. She said nothing. ‘Why the sudden animosity? You’re the bad guy, Sal, not me.’
She rolled her eyes, so dark and brown and inviting that Percy used to feel as if he were falling into them. He did again, for the briefest of moments. Picking up her hot chocolate, she sipped while those brown eyes randomly explored the mall, her focus, Percy realised, anywhere but on him.
Around them the afternoon bustled. Saturday shoppers slowly browsed; children bickered, couples held hands and looked proud, maids carried bags or babies or both. Families occupied themselves with personal electronic gadgetry over coffee and cake, enjoying one another’s company without the stress of actual communication. Large groups of day-trippers laughed, while one-night stopovers fresh from the airport and dressed too warmly for Singapore’s climate, revelled in the cool of the air conditioning.
‘What’s going on?’ Percy asked.
Sal put her drink down on the table and rummaged in the depths of her costly shoulder bag, producing nothing at the end of the exploration. Her actions appeared to serve only as a distraction, an avoidance of saying whatever it was she had come to say. Percy wondered if perhaps, for once, she wasn’t feeling as confident as she looked.
‘I assume you asked me here for a reason?’
She closed her bag and looked at him.
‘Sal!’ he persisted. ‘Speak, for God’s sake.’
‘I suppose I did.’
‘You want to come back, is that it?’ he ventured, hopefully.
‘No.’ The reply was sharp.
‘Then what?’
Sal sighed, ‘Two things.’
‘Okay. What two things?’
‘You can’t stay in the house much longer. The company know we are separated and want you to leave.’
‘I thought I could stay until the end the rental term?’
‘And you probably can, Percy, but that moment is not far away. Not when you think about it.’ She shook her head, ‘I knew you’d just sit there and do nothing about finding a place to live. I just knew it.’
‘I had a perfectly nice place to live until you left me in the shit.’
His wife cleared her throat, ‘And the other thing is, I want a divorce.’
Percy was stunned.
‘The fact is, Ethan and I want to get married.’
‘You and Ethan want to get married? Ethan? Ethan! What kind of name is Ethan? Why are all Singaporean men called Ethan? I thought that the first time I met him. Ethan, I thought. Ethan!’
Sal narrowed her eyes. ‘Don’t be ridiculous. Can’t you be a nice person for once.’
Percy roared with affected laughter, causing others to look. 
Sal hushed him.
‘No!’ he barked. ‘I will not be quiet. Be a nice person? You’re having a laugh, aren’t you? How dare you suggest it is me who is the bastard. YOU are the liar, YOU are the cheat and it is YOU who wants me to roll over and give YOU what YOU want just because YOU think what YOU want is more important than ME! Well fuck YOU, quite frankly.’
Sal gathered her things as if to leave, but remained seated. ‘Look,’ she hissed, through perfectly shaped gritted teeth, ‘I want a divorce, Percy. It can be easy or it can be hard, but I am divorcing you.’
Percy glared, ‘Fine. Divorce me,’ he said, bitterly, ‘I won’t stand in your way. But you can pay for it.’
‘Thank you,’ Sal sighed.
Sal may have been placated, but Percy’s temper was still rising. Her relief was so obvious it was painful to see. ‘Thank you?’ he growled. ‘Thank you? Is that all you can say? Don’t thank me. Jesus, you’re a bitch, Sal. And I can tell you this for nothing, if it goes wrong or if you change your mind I will not have you back!’ 
She laughed a little.
‘I will not have you back,’ he repeated, ignoring her, ‘but you’ll be sorry. There are plenty of people out there who think I am great, who’d give anything to be with me. But not you, eh? Not Sal, who fancied a bit of exotica for a change. And how is Ethan? Good is he? Knows what you like, does he?’
‘Percy!’
Percy’s temper boiled over. He leaned toward Sal, and snarled, ‘Oh yes. I can see from your face he knows what you like. Knows what you want.’
She gave a defiant smirk.
‘Yes! I bet he does!’ Percy formed an expression of affected lust. ‘A little bit of a finger in here… oo, yeah… a bit of tongue up there. Mmm, little kisses…. Oh yes, he knows all right because he’s had enough practice with you, hasn’t he!’ He stabbed the air with his finger, ‘I’m not fucking stupid, Sal. All those work trips before you dragged me out here, then all those late nights, busy weekends. Busy doing what, eh Sal? Busy fucking someone else, that’s what…’
Percy’s monologue was loud and long, and by the time he had finished, Sal had gone. Accusations echoed after her in the marble atrium. Nobody cared. Most saw only a white man being uncouth and ignored him, save for the security guard striding in, preparing to re-establish the peace.
Chapter 22
CHANGI
Percy stomped around for days. He found himself snarling spiteful words at empty teacups as he banged them into the sink, or finished loo rolls as he hurled the cardboard tubes just short of the bin, and there had been a number since his stomach was playing up again. He’d considered visiting the doctor but decided against it. The last thing he wanted was someone’s finger up his backside. It would go of its own accord. It always did. It was probably stress, or perhaps his sensitive stomach was still irritated from the miserable night of the crab. Percy himself was still irritated from it when he thought about the taxi driver. 
For all his banging about, the anger felt towards Sal would not lessen. How dare she divorce him? How could she have moved on so completely? Whatever he did, however ferociously he tried to purge the feeling, the simmering resentment refused to soften its clutch. It was a strange sensation and nothing like the upset Sal had already managed to bring about through leaving and cheating. 
Divorce. It was as if despite having already left him feeling of no value, she had somehow managed to diminish him further. Sal had proved it was possible for a person to feel less than worthless.
So the news that Art was coming to visit was a Godsend. When Percy opened the email he realised there and then that the thing he needed most was his old friend. Of course the real tears over Sal were long gone, but with Art by his side the resentment might go too. Percy hated feeling bad about Sal because it elevated her, when what he wanted to feel more than anything was indifference.
Percy had been preparing to go to the pool when the email arrived. He almost didn’t bother to look when the phone announced its arrival, he’d grown so used to finding only adverts waiting to be opened. When he saw it was Art, he sat down on a seat on the back balcony, beside the kitchen and dining area, and read with delight.

Fieldy. Hope things are okay out there in the swamp. Room in the tree house for one more? Found a cheap return flight via most of Europe and thought I’d come for ten days, see how the other half lives. No prob if not, except I’ve booked it. Flight details attached. Art.

Percy grinned and it felt great. He opened the file and nodded approvingly. Four days and Art would be here.
*
Percy paid the driver and climbed out of the cool taxi into the heat of the day. This is how it would feel to Art, he mused. They would leave the comfort of the terminal building and Art would be wowed by the hot moist air as surely as if some stranger had run up and wrapped a heavy blanket around him. He might hate it, of course, as Percy had, but that didn’t matter. He would feel it, which was wonderful. The prospect of sharing his Singapore experience with a friend was exciting. There had been no visitors at all since moving, despite the size of the house.
After checking Art’s flight had landed and noting where he should wait, Percy wandered along until he found the correct gate number. Through the glass, he could see several baggage carousels. All were empty and none were yet moving, so he decided to buy a drink.
He found a small coffee bar and bought a takeaway cappuccino before striding quickly back to the gate. Percy wanted to watch as Art’s familiar form came down the steps. He might even catch his eye before he looked for his bag. Percy checked the time. Unless immigration was busy he should be through quite soon. At that moment a message came.

Heaving in here mate. Could be sometime. Art.

Percy felt fidgety, but rather than pace up and down he found a seat from where he could see as and when things changed. As he sat, so he began his habit of people-watching. An immaculately dressed white woman wobbled by in the highest heels Percy had ever seen, her posh flight bag in hand. How had she managed such a feat, Percy wondered? When he and Sal had flown in they had worn comfortable shoes and clothes and yet still disembarked looking as if they’d been flying at thirty-nine thousand feet without the plane. A young man strode past, dressed far more practically, wearing not only sensible clothes but also the sensibly serious frown of a man on business. Percy found himself mirroring the expression as he watched him go by, his gaze then becoming caught on a Chinese family who looked to be from China rather than Singapore, bustling along with three full trolleys towering with multiple bags. Then another woman went by in too-high heels, this time wearing a burka. As he wondered about what else might lie beneath the black shroud, he heard what he thought was a gaggle of children. He turned to see just three; quite young, fair hair tousled and messy, in full argument as they pulled small wheeled cases and trailed behind a woman he supposed was their mother. From the stony look on her pale face he gleaned they had flown a long way and her patience was nearing its end. He’d never have the patience for children, Percy reflected, not even if they did nothing more than sit in front of the television all day.
So his watching went on, with the mix of people enthralling him, until he remembered why he had come and looked across to see that he had missed Art’s dramatic entrance. His friend already had his bag. A smile broke free as Percy stood up, moving ready to meet Art as he exited. Moments later, the pair were vigorously shaking hands.
‘Things got moving a bit quicker than I expected,’ Art said. ‘Want one?’ He held out a hand and in his palm were two wrapped boiled sweets.
Percy smiled. He’d forgotten there were sweets in bowls at immigration control. He shook his head. ‘You have them. Good flight?’
‘Mostly.’
‘Only mostly?’
‘Guy behind threw-up.’
Percy went to take Art’s suitcase. ‘Ah. Not nice.’
‘I’ll carry it, mate, but cheers. It was less nice for the lady next to him. He filled her shoes, I think.’ Art laughed.
‘Just excuse me.’ Percy dashed across to the café bin and threw away his empty cup. ‘Do you want one?’ he called back.
Art shook his head. ‘A beer would be nice though.’
Percy was astounded. When he had finished his own thirteen-hour flight, all he had wanted was a cup of tea and to sit back down. But Art had always been more hardcore. ‘Let’s get going then. Go and find a taxi.’
Art yawned. ‘Great.’
As they walked towards the exit, Percy asked, ‘Do you really want a beer? Or go home?’
‘A beer would be great.’
‘Okay. How about we go back to mine and drop your bags, then we can walk to my local. You up for that?’
Art gave a thumbs up, ‘The legendary Tired Turtle, I suppose,’ and as he walked out through the automatic main door, yelped, ‘Jesus! That’s bloody hot!’
Percy smiled.
*
Four Floors of Whores. 
Percy had not meant to go there. He had heard of it because most people had. It was an example of the side of life that every city in the world contains, just as every town and village to one degree or another. Except it was located upon squeaky-clean Orchard Road. More properly known as Orchard Towers, Four Floors of Whores by day looked to be a small, rather scruffy, mall. A shopper might wander in and wander out again never knowing what was above their head, or that they had just walked past a young man and not a sexy young woman as they supposed. Late afternoon would see the dynamic shift, as fewer shoppers and more drinkers stepped onto the escalators. By nightfall, the shopping mall was a market for only one kind of service, and the more drinkers that came, the more clients there might be.
Like any centre of ill repute, many visitors were there only to satisfy their curiosity; voyeurs of a life they did not truly understand or else might not have been so keen to witness. Alluring faces flashing and laughing amongst the noise and banter do not flash so convincingly by day. But by day, they are not seen.
As planned, Percy and Art started their drinking at the Tired Turtle. Art, after deciding it was to be a Guinness only night, had remarked that he seemed to be able to drink more without feeling drunk than he was able to at home. Percy said he thought it was to do with the flight, since most people he knew soon found themselves less tolerant of alcohol once in Singapore. So they set about testing just exactly how much they could tolerate. Before long, a man joined them, an acquaintance Percy had made through Phrike, whose wife had thrown an enormous drinks party for no apparent reason, and insisted her husband’s entire Discussion Group attend. This friend of Phrike’s happened to be on his way home to an empty house, since his wife was out for the evening. Art and Percy had needed no catalyst to propel the evening towards oblivion, but this man satisfied that role anyway.
Percy was happier than he had been in so long that he couldn’t remember when he had laughed so much. Art had not changed at all. His grumbling was still delivered with the sharpest wit, his displeasure with a cheeriest of smiles. Any other night, Percy might have thought about Sal, tried to fathom why she did not like Art as much as he did, even though he was always pleasant and amusing company. But not tonight. Tonight his mind showed no interest in pondering his wife, and it was perfect.
It was Phrike’s friend that suggested Orchard Towers, and this was how he had said it, Orchard Towers, rather than using its popular title. Percy was not a man to sit in judgement when it came to the sexual interests of others – it was one of the few things he did not judge – but he might not have gone along had his befuddled brain teased out the subtext of the suggestion, because prostitutes had never been his thing. As it was, Art roared yes, and Percy roared yes, and once they finally found a taxi driver prepared to risk three drunken men, off they went.
Orchard Towers was a modest building from the outside. It looked neither shopping mall nor den of iniquity, but rather like an office block, so when they pulled up outside, Art’s face dropped.
‘Is this it? What is it?’ he asked.
‘Just get out,’ Percy said. 
Phrike’s friend was already out of the cab and heading for the entrance. Two large men in dark suits hung around outside, seeming like doormen but not. Percy watched them cast an eye over everyone going in.
‘You been here before, Fieldy?’
‘Not inside.’
‘What is it?’
‘Bars mainly, I think. Pretty seedy.’ Percy paid the driver, then after steadying a wobble looked at Art. ‘You okay?’
Art had been standing very still with his eyes closed. He opened them. ‘Yeah. Just feeling a bit tired now. Jet Lag.’
‘Beer’ll fix that,’ Percy advised. ‘C’mon.’
They followed Phrike’s friend inside and joined him on an escalator. Art looked about, muttering that it was quite a weird looking place. He asked Percy if all of Singapore was like this. Percy shook his head. Eventually, after passing several bars on each of the levels, they walked behind Phrike’s friend into his place of choice. It was loud, dark and busy, and at first glance filled mostly with regular looking people; those people who might have wandered the floors below during the day. Then Percy began to notice an excess of glamorous girls talking with older men. But were they girls? He couldn’t tell, but knew enough about Four Floors to wonder.
They squeezed in at the bar and ordered drinks. Percy was instantly pleased with this feel of home, however tenuous, of propping up the bar and seeming ever so slightly invisible. As he waited for Phrike’s friend to get in the round, his eyes kept drifting, but were soon kept in check by the returned gaze of one individual whose wink and nod made Percy suddenly want to leave. Next to him, Art was again falling asleep.
Percy nudged him, ‘Do you want to go home?’
Art woke up. ‘Huh? No. Not yet. Might not be long though, eh?’
‘What was that?’ Phrike’s friend asked, leaning in as they turned from the bar, bottles of lager in hand. 
‘Might make this our last.’ Percy said, taking his.
‘I can’t hear you.’
‘I said that we might make these our last!’ Percy shouted. ‘He’s knackered!’
‘We’ve only just got here!’
‘I know!’
Phrike’s friend shrugged, ‘Okay then!’ he manoeuvred away, sliding off through the crowd.
Percy stared. He hadn’t meant they were going now.
Art leaned into Percy’s ear. ‘This is shit. I’m too old. Let’s go.’
‘Drink up first?’
‘He’s got mine,’ Art said, pointing with a tired wave after Phrike’s friend, who was already squashed against a beautiful girl in the crowd. ‘Actually, not any more. He just gave it to her.’
Percy offered Art his bottle, but Art refused it. Percy could see his friend was on a sudden decline. He’d done well to travel so far, drink so much and survive the night, for it was now well past dawn in England.
‘Come on mate. Let’s get you home. We’ll go somewhere decent tomorrow. You’re right, this is shit,’ Percy looked at the bottle, ‘and they don’t even sell proper beer.’ He shoved it into the hand of a passing girl, who scowled and banged it down onto a narrow table. Percy shrugged, oblivious as to why she might have done so. A stranger shouted in Percy’s ear that she thought he’d spiked it.
‘Should have given it to me,’ the stranger slurred.
‘Take it,’ Percy said, pointing.
‘You spiked it?’
‘No!’
‘No thanks then,’ the drunk replied, grinning.
Percy stared.
Momentarily Art revived, ‘He’s pulling your leg, Fieldy. Jesus, let’s get out of this shithole.’
As they made their way from the bar, a group of women on a hen night staggered from the top of the escalator. The fact they were so drunk told Percy all he needed to know about the sort of evening they had enjoyed so far, and their presence here demonstrated a raucous night ahead. Percy observed they were a mixed bunch in terms of age, though uniform in almost every other sense. The youngest was probably no more than twenty-five, the eldest fifty, and all were white bar one older, woman, who was black. And it was this woman who caught Percy’s full attention. He’d seen her before. She was hard to forget since not only was she very attractive, in Singapore there were few black faces. Her hair was strikingly braided against her head exactly as it had been at Phrike’s wife’s drinks party. Chances were, she was about to catch her husband with a prostitute. She saw Percy and smiled. Percy nodded back and thought fuck it.
Chapter 23
ART
The visit was over too quickly. It felt to Percy as if he had no sooner collected Art from the airport than he was taking him back again; a u-turn on the expressway.
After the first night’s binge there had been more, but not nearly as extreme. Orchard Towers was not a place to revisit, or Phrike’s friend company to seek out. Instead, alone, the two men toured the sights by day and good bars by night. They didn’t talk about Sal, or the pub closing down back home, or anything about Art and his life. Instead they became tourists, their main focus beyond the sights of Singapore nothing more than the same old grousing.
Percy found it an absolute pleasure to entertain someone he knew so well and liked so much, though of course Art was no longer Percy’s only real friend. Since getting to know him, Percy had found Phrike’s friendship a great comfort; he was a man speaking sense amongst the shamelessly cheerful. 
Rose coloured spectacles proved fantastic filters for these particular happy souls, sieving out anything and everything that did not suit the mood or the moment. They were people seemingly unable to simply accept life as it really was and get on with it. Norm often sprang to mind when Percy thought this way. With his ultra-white smile, he’d even attempted to invade one of Percy’s dreams. Percy, not normally able to control dreams, had physically pushed Norm from it. Phrike was not one of these people and never could or would be. He was one reliably great man amongst the annoying multitude, but equally Percy recognised that as a kindred spirit good old Art was entirely irreplaceable.
Art’s verdict was that on the whole Singapore was an enviable place to live. He had been particularly taken by the Asian Civilisations Museum. His interest at first had been less than respectful, since it started with him laughing as they walked past the museum on their way for an evening meal at the restaurant where Percy had first met Joyann. Percy had been unable to make any sense of Art’s sudden and unusual burst of mirth, until Art speculated dramatically about what an Asian Art might look like. Percy was puzzled, but when a collapsing Art indicated an advert worded Inside Asian Art, he understood. His friend continued to chortle, as if an invisible force were gripping his neck and tickling his sides at the same time; the boy at the back of the class who knew he should not be laughing and so could not stop.
Percy had been mortified, looking about to see if anyone had noticed Art’s impression of himself as an Asian man. An involuntary laugh burst free from Percy as the contagion infected him, but the urge quickly passed. He wasn’t sure if it was politically correct or incorrect for Art to do such a thing, since the apparent Singaporean view on difference had muddled Percy’s judgment. At home it would be unthinkable, but here, where people seemed to make sweeping statements about other races without a second thought, he couldn’t be sure. But he decided at some level it must be illegal. He was surprised at Art. Art was no racist. Or was he? What defined racism? Maybe it wasn’t racism but culturism? Was that even a thing? Percy decided to stop thinking. He stared at his old friend who by now could barely breathe, wondering what on earth he was picturing that could be so funny.
They had gone back the next day to look at a few of the advertised exhibitions, including Inside Asian Art, and once Art had again gone through the cycle of hysteria and shame, they’d settled down and enjoyed themselves, impressed by the displays of ancient works; none of which looked like Caucasian Art, inside or out.
Art enjoyed the Duck Tour, too, though Percy hadn’t. The Duck Tour was a sight seeing trip covering an area near Marina Bay, partly on land and partly crossing the harbour, using an amphibious vehicle painted to look like a duck. Percy had been looking forward to learning something new, but ended up annoyed with the guide because his act – for that is what Percy decided it was, rather than an informative talk – was rubbish. In Percy’s opinion, the young man lost the heart of every woman on board, because his insistence on playing out a sexist joke about seasons and shopping was so ill judged. It was a yarn Percy could not even begin to understand, though he hadn’t tried very hard. It had started with the question how many seasons are there in Singapore, the first offered answer being none. At no point did anyone guess eleven, and it wasn’t long before Percy thought either he or the guide might be better off jumping overboard. There was no cultural difference here, Percy seethed privately, after choosing to remain dry, only suspect comedic ability. 
In contrast, Art was not listening, instead watching the world go by with obvious fascination. 
Percy of course took Art to his beloved Botanic Gardens. Art was an avid gardener and so Percy knew he would enjoy every last petal and leaf of it. Afterwards, they visited a garden centre, where Art almost cried because of the range of tropical plants available that would be impossible to take home or to grow outside there. Percy also took him to see the biodomes and gardens near Marina Bay Sands Hotel, a building of three huge columns that appeared to hold up a giant boat that was in fact the hotel’s infinity pool. Percy wasn’t sure if it was meant to be a boat or if it symbolised something else; he didn’t bother to find out as they agreed it would only ever be a boat to them.
Art appreciated everything he saw, and Percy appreciated Art’s appreciation. The only thing Art did not like was the heat.
‘Novelty’s worn off, Fieldy,’ he’d said, as they ambled through Little India looking to eat a banana leaf curry. The end of the holiday was nearing, and this was an experience Percy did not want Art to miss. 
‘In what way?’
‘It’s too bloody hot.’
‘You get used to it.’
To this, Art had released a long breathy groan, and fanned his face with a guidebook. ‘God knows how you cope.’
‘I told you. You get used to it and quite quickly if you just accept it’s hot and get on with it.’
‘I can hardly breathe.’
‘It’s pretty heavy today. We can always do something inside. Another museum, maybe? Or just head back for a swim?’
‘We’ll be in a restaurant soon anyway, won’t we? That’ll be air-conditioned, won’t it.’
Percy had nodded, then patted his red-faced friend on the shoulder. ‘You need a beer.’
‘I never thought I’d say this about beer, but I’d die for a cold one.’
‘Well you don’t have to. Here’s Racecourse Road, so we’re nearly there.’
After they turned the corner, Percy and Art checked the names of the many eateries as they walked along, until after a short time they found the one mentioned in Art’s book. Around them the aroma of spices hung on the still air. Percy said to Art that they should sit outside, Art had refused to smile and gone straight in.
‘You choose,’ he’d instructed Percy. ‘I need the loo, though Christ knows why, when I’ve sweated out everything I’ve drunk.’
While Art was gone, Percy ordered two beers and two curries with one large side dish. The seat was near the window, overlooking the street and the open grassy area beyond. For the first and only time while Art was staying with him, Percy’s thoughts turned to Sal. Until not so many years ago, people brought cattle here to graze, she’d told him. Or was it buffalo? Percy couldn’t recall. Either way, it seemed farfetched, but then so was the idea that his wife might have an affair and run off with a married Singaporean named Ethan.
The food had come only moments before Art’s return. 
‘So it’s served on a banana leaf?’
‘Yeah. What did you expect?’
‘I thought we were going to be eating the leaf. Shame.’
‘You could eat it, I imagine.’
Art smiled. ‘Looks good though.’
‘It is. Cheap too.’ Percy’s raised his pint, ‘To curry.’
‘To curry,’ Art had echoed, picking up his drink and then glugging it as he sat down, before letting out a satisfied breath. ‘God that feels better already. Mmm… and that looks bloody lovely.’
‘We’re meant to eat it with one hand, if we’re being authentic.’
‘Either hand? Only, it’s usually one in particular, I believe.’
‘Yeah. I forget which. Maybe the left? Or the right? It’s fifty-fifty.’
‘I see you know your subject.’
 ‘It’s the one you didn’t wipe your arse with, Art.’
Art looked to both his hands thoughtfully. ‘We can eat with cutlery, right?’
Percy was already shoving forkfuls of rice into his mouth. He’d put a thumb up and smiled, but inside felt quite sad that Art’s visit was drawing to an end.
*
All too soon Percy and Art were standing outside Terminal Three of Changi airport.
‘Let’s check in then we can find a bar,’ Art suggested.
Percy looked up into the sky, ‘Storm’s not coming this way.’
‘Probably a good thing at this point, but I would liked to have experienced one.’
‘The big ones are amazing.’
‘Next time,’ said Art.
‘So you’re coming back?’
‘Not much sign of you coming to England.’
Percy paused. ‘Maybe. Not sure what I’m doing.’
‘Well don’t come back yet. I want to see this place again before you leave. What does Sal think about you staying or leaving?’
This was the first mention of the situation. Percy shrugged. Art did not pursue it. The two men went inside, but not until Art had said farewell to the heat, suddenly far keener on it than he had been.
As they searched for the right place to check in, a strange quiet fell over them. The time for chitchat and banter was nearing an end and so now neither had anything to say. They queued for a short time, and after Art’s bag was safely checked in, headed for a bar. 
‘There’s probably more choice on the other side of passport control,’ said Art.
‘Dunno. I’ve never been there. I’ve never flown out from here.’
‘I guess not. You don’t fancy a trip somewhere?’
‘Maybe. My last trip didn’t work out too well. Maybe next time you come we can go to one of the islands I’ve heard about, off the coast of Malaysia. Or somewhere else. Indonesia, perhaps. There are lots around, I think.’
‘Here. This place will do,’ said Art, spotting a bar at the far end of the vast building. ‘So you don’t know if you coming back?’
Percy shook his head.
‘Many friends here?’
Percy wasn’t sure what to say. While he had not shared any of the humiliating episodes involving Sal, he’d also not divulged his membership of the Discussion Group. He settled on vagueness, ‘Yeah. One or two.’ 
The omission of this had not started as a lie, only something Percy did not think to bring up. Then it felt to be embarrassing, because even in his own mind Percy was not reconciled to his more sociable side. Undeclared to Art for so long, it now seemed out of place to mention it.
‘Well you’ve lots to see and do here, so I can’t think you get bored.’
‘No. I never get bored.’
Soon they were at the bar and Art bought two bottles of lager and passed one to Percy. ‘To you Fieldy,’ he said, ‘to you and your wonderful life here in Singapore.’ He laughed, ‘Christ! I nearly said wonderful wife here in Singapore then!’
Percy chinked his bottle against Art’s, and chose not to reply.
Chapter 24
GLENEAGLES
Percy was sitting in a plastic chair outside a single grey door waiting for treatment. He felt foolish sitting there, though to an extent had been reassured by the nurse on the other side, who had popped his head out and confirmed it was the correct thing to do; to wait there, in that chair, in the open air. The room inside was small, Percy noticed when he’d peered in, little more than a broom cupboard. He wondered if this was what Singapore looked like behind the spotless marble veneer he’d known so far. Was this the medical equivalent of Orchard Towers? 
As he sat with his hand hoisted up in a sling, so his mind drifted back to the reason for it all.
‘So who is that man?’
Percy had been heading out for an early morning swim, when he’d nearly tripped over the boy from next door. ‘Why are you sitting there?’
The child was on Percy’s step, skinny pig cradled on a towel in his lap. ‘For a change.’
‘Make sure you clear up any crap from that animal.’ The last time the boy had done this there had been a scattering of brown dung left on the step.
‘What do you mean?’
‘You know what I mean.’
‘Those were tablets.’
‘No they weren’t.’
‘Yes. Dad takes them.’
‘I bloody hope he doesn’t.’
The boy chuckled a little. ‘They were! Special capsules.’
‘Poo coloured capsules?’
Nodding, the boy stifled a laugh.
‘Well whatever they were don’t leave anymore.’
The child moved aside so Percy could come down the steps. ‘So who is that man?’ he asked again.
‘Do you mean the man who was staying here?’ Percy began heading off, appearing to talk more to the air than the boy.
‘Yes.’
‘A friend from England.’
‘Is he your boyfriend?’
Percy stopped dead in his tracks and turned. ‘His name is Art and he is an old mate of mine. He’s gone back now; went the day before yesterday.’ He’d resisted asking what prompted the boy to say what he had, but to no avail.
‘So is he your boyfriend?’
‘Why?’
‘I just wondered.’
‘Yeah right. You just wondered.’
The boy’s smile hinted at victory, the sort only a child can understand.
Percy sighed. ‘He is a friend who is a boy, yes. Does it matter?’
‘So you have friends that are boys?’
Walking away, Percy had mentally kicked himself for engaging in conversation. The kid seemed to enjoy saying silly things.
Aside from the annoying runt, Percy found the condo to be pleasantly quiet. The school holidays were underway and so no busses motored in and out to interrupt the peaceful start. But Percy knew more children would soon be up and about and hogging the pool. So he’d hurried on his way, hopeful that he might achieve a good few lengths of front crawl and a pleasant drift about afterwards, before the sun cream slathered demons descended.
The condo, normally a tidy place where even the hanging of towels and washing from the windows was barred, was that morning littered with toys. The path Percy walked to the pool was particularly affected. Evidently no maid, child, or parent had cleared up the previous day’s mess, and so strewn everywhere were small metal cars and plastic dinosaurs, pieces of crayoned paper, bottles of bubbles and chalked messages. It was as if some major event had taken place. 
Percy’s usually tough view, of what he often thought of as human larvae, softened marginally as he recalled his own childhood and summer days spent chalking in the cul-de-sac where he grew up. He and a friend made it a regular thing to draw a giant the length of the road. Equally regular, was to discover that after tea its stubble-covered head was missing, scrubbed off by the local witch and her besom. Percy’s parents let him roam their quiet village from an early age, seeming keen for him to spend as much time outside as possible. A row with Sal revealed they had in fact grown weary of his griping, which began the moment he was free of the womb. His first word was no. Children, unlike adults, she’d added, cannot soften odium with wit. It had hurt.
Percy carefully picked his way through the debris, not noticing a little bark coloured lizard clinging to the trunk of a nearby frangipani tree, until the lizard – commonly known as a flying dragon – took off to glide to a new location. Percy wasn’t startled, for he liked reptiles very much, and the animal had no intention of coming anywhere near its human observer. But it was distracting, and as Percy watched the skinny creature sail through the air on outstretched skin, so he slipped on a small ball. To prevent a fall, he’d reached out, but this steadying hand slammed down on a wall topped with an arrangement of tiny china cats, and as an orange tabby with oversized blue eyes sliced into his palm, Percy had yelled angrily. 
He’d snatched his hand away, and seeing blood pouring from the palm used his large towel to wrap it. Returning home, Percy walked by the regular Indian-Singaporean guard, who smiled and asked him not to shout anymore. Percy glowered and showed the wound while moaning about the mess.
The response was muted. ‘Children,’ was all the guard had said, before shrugging and walking on.
Sitting outside Gleneagles hospital, Percy thanked his lucky stars for the private health cover that came with Sal’s package, otherwise he would have had to trek to a local hospital and wait for hours on end as if he were back in England using the National Health Service. He refused to think about how he knew this fact – Sal – and fiddled with the temporary dressing, already coloured with blood. He looked around, feeling absurd.
Eventually, the door opened and Percy was allowed into the tiny room. There he answered questions and filled in forms, all the while astonished to find he was somewhere so understated. He wondered if it was a temporary space, though it seemed very established. Percy did not think to ask.
When the necessary forms were completed and Percy was moved on, it was not back outside but to the inner sanctum. Cool, carpeted and smartly decorated, Percy felt a bigger fool now than he had waiting to be seen. Of course it would be this way.
Amongst the fitted wooden shelving and divides, there were rows of seats. The place was awash with magazines and books, water dispensers and televisions showing the news. People in white coats or dark suits carrying paperwork walked by, while patients either sat and waited or were guided away.
And there in the middle of it all was a face Percy knew. He couldn’t decide if he should speak.
‘Percy?’
‘Vee.’
‘God what have you done? Let me see?’ Norm’s wife moved from her seat to join him. 
He had forgotten how attractive her voice was, husky yet singsong with its Welsh tones. He smiled inwardly and felt his chair shift a little as she sat down next to him. ‘I cut it on a cat, ‘ he said.
‘A cat?’ she laughed, blue eyes sharp.
‘China cat,’ he clarified. Norm’s wife by necessity was sitting very close, and Percy felt a little uncomfortable. Sal had once made him feel this way, her elbow brushing his as they talked, not noticing yet noticing the touch. Surely this was not that? Though in possession of a beautiful face and voluptuous assets, Norm’s wife did not fit Percy’s ideal because Percy’s ideal was never quite so much bigger than himself. Besides, she was Norm’s wife, for what that was worth. More importantly, Percy had no interest in forming a relationship with anyone, however nice or lovely or clever. 
‘Have you seen Joyann lately?’ 
Why was she asking about Joyann, he wondered? ‘Not lately. You?’
‘Me? Why would I?’
For a few moments there was silence. Then Verity drew Percy’s attention to a news report that had just caught her notice. The television was on mute, but subtitles were running across the bottom of the screen summarising international headlines. The pair talked for sometime about this and other relevant topics until Percy asked why Verity never came to the Discussion Group meetings, when clearly she had a lot to say.
‘Cheeky bugger.’
He grinned, ‘You know what I mean.’
‘I couldn’t. It’s Norm’s thing. It’s better that way. Besides, I am away so much that I couldn’t guarantee coming. Anything organised is a nightmare for me.’
‘So? Very few people come to every single meeting. And lots are professionals of one sort or another.’
Verity shook her head, nose wrinkling. ‘I don’t think so. But thank you.’
Just then a sharp painful twinge shot through Percy’s hand, causing an involuntary wince.
‘Looks uncomfortable.’
Percy thought that through the soft dressing and strapping that rose up snugly across his body in a temporary sling, it was impossible for his hand to look anything other than extremely comfortable. He said so. 
To his great surprise, Verity laughed again, her face bright. ‘Okay. I imagine it must feel uncomfortable? Is that better? Can I see it?’
‘Not much to see,’ said Percy, as he carefully unhitched the sling and held out his hand. In the palm was the shadow of blood.
Gently, she took his hand and inspected it as she spoke. ‘Seen Norm lately?’
‘Only at meetings.’ Percy wondered what she was looking at. It seemed she was focussed on the dark patch.
‘Must be deep,’ she said. ‘Nasty.’
‘It was. I have to go into theatre, apparently. Check the tendons. Bloody kids.’
‘Bloody cats,’ she smiled. ‘You haven’t heard from him?’
‘Who?’
‘Norm!’
‘Oh him. Of course I have. You know Norm, he’s always in touch.’
Verity carefully returned Percy’s hand. ‘He likes you very much, Percy.’
‘Does he?’
‘Yes.’
Percy smiled meekly and nodded. He fumbled as he tried to return his hand to the sling. Verity helped him, manoeuvring the whole thing until it was comfortable again. Just as she finished, a petit woman in white called her name. 
Verity eased herself from the chair, ‘I’ll tell Norm I saw you. He doesn’t like cats particularly, so he’ll be on your side.’
Percy had never been able to help his face. An expression that said don’t tell him, he’ll call me was there before he knew it.
Verity’s own expression changed, moving from lightness to one even Percy could easily read. It said, I know, but hurt him and I’ll crush you.
Without having asked why she was at the hospital, Percy watched Verity hobble after the nurse. When she was gone from view he took out his phone, feeling grateful that it was his left and not right hand that was injured. Unable to type on his screen effectively using his thumb, and convinced future generations would evolve a disproportionately large one, Percy propped it on his thigh ready to tap an email to Art with his forefinger. Then he repositioned the device further away, closer to his knee, so he could better see the letters. Regular upset stomach, badly lacerated hand, and now failing eyesight. This, on top of Sal’s departure followed by the discovery of her affair, left him feeling old and spent.
At that moment of reflection, while Percy was inclined to feel sorry for himself, he decided continuous challenge didn’t make the pace of life feel faster; it was not some race through time causing him to feel his age. Quite the opposite; he hated the loss of power, the sense of being caught in the doldrums. 
He pictured himself, bare backside straining over the side of a boat, eyes unable to read the compass his hand was unable to hold, and any hope teased from him by the faint shift of air trampled to nothing under the judgmental frown of a passing albatross. In life, calm waters were meant to be a good thing, yet like everything exception ruled. Why couldn’t living be a steady breeze? It would make everything far easier to navigate. Did this albatross have a family, he wondered? Did he fly back each night for dinner with his wife? When he got there, would another bird be slipping out the back way? Perhaps they might have a maid like Mila; some big faced… but what was bigger than an albatross? He sighed. Was this it? Was this what he, Percy Field, had become? A man sitting alone in casualty feeling jealous of a fictional albatross who was yet to discover that his wife was cheating.
With a long sigh, Percy cast thoughts of big white seabirds and their domestic arrangements aside, and instead returned his attention to Art.

Art. You’ll be home by now I guess, though maybe not. The price of a cheap flight, mate. Just wanted to say thanks for coming and I hope you had a good time. I did. I’m in hospital writing this; you’d like it, it’s nice and cool. More soon. Fieldy.

It had been such a treat to have his closest friend stay that Percy had felt very down the moment Art walked away through the sliding glass doors to join the queue for passport control. Percy was exhausted, but would have happily continued the tour had Art been able to remain. In some ways, he’d envied him flying back to different seasons and warm beer, but in others Percy felt sorry that his friend was forced to leave the warmth and clean comfort of Singapore. He supposed this meant he was settled.
As he pondered, a small smile of admiration formed. Art was amazing, pushing through jet lag as if his life depended on it. How did he do it? Percy found drinking a lot and staying out late had become an old pleasure incurring new penalties, and though only a few years older than Percy, Art did not seem to notice. The closest Art had come to shutting down festivities was the night at Orchard Towers, but since it was a feat for anyone in his position to be conscious by that time, it hardly counted.
Art had always been the more hardcore of the two, Percy knew, smiling more widely now as his mind was drawn back in time. He’d been blind drunk when Percy first met him many years before, in a lift at a party in a fancy club Percy had some how ended up in, knowing no one. Art was desperately trying to select a floor by pressing an ornate number three that was softly illuminated above the doors, alongside all the other softly illuminated numbers. He was stretching up and repeatedly tapping it, before eventually he’d turned to Percy. Whose face wore the more puzzled expression, Percy couldn’t know. Percy, not quite so drunk, had helpfully pressed number three on the keypad. After Art’s own number three had lit up brightly and the doors opened, he’d declared it to be the wrong floor and then vomited, managing to hit both the tiled lift floor, the thick carpet outside and the small gap between. It was a rocky start to the best friendship Percy had ever known; better, he now decided, than what he thought he had shared with Sal.
As before, Art’s reply was instant. 

Been a very long journey. Dubai airport was nicest of them all. Just got in and having a cup of tea. Yes, had a great time. Stay out of trouble. Art.

For an instant, the miles grew enormously and the regret Percy felt at Art’s departure fully revived. But soon his mind became caught up in other things, as he sat and waited for his name to be called.
Chapter 25
JOYANN TAN
At first, Joyann was not sure if her partners would agree with her idea, but the more she thought the more convinced she became, so much so that she knew they could not fail to be of the same mind.
A decision was long overdue regarding whether to expand the hardware company by opening a third branch, or by creating a new store dedicated to pet goods. Both hardware stores were doing very well, but greatest profits came from the pet products they offered. The change to a specialist pet store would mean stocking a few animals, since Joyann had done her research and learned that pet stores containing pets did better than those offering only supplies. People enjoyed browsing the animals as much as they enjoyed buying them, perhaps even more so.
They would certainly need to keep a few rodents, but dogs and cats too, and this was one area where differing views were most evident. She and her brother could see nothing wrong in it, but their partner had spent much of his childhood and early adult life in Britain; it seemed in Britain, puppies and kittens no longer had a place on the high street. The solution to the problem of expansion had been eluding them all, and to open a new place with an unchanged format looked likely. But the more Joyann thought about it the more it felt like failure, because in her heart she knew none of them wanted to indefinitely expand such an increasingly eclectic business. Of course they could do exactly that. Daiso, the Japanese owned two-dollar store, was already in Singapore selling everything from stationary to socks and seaweed, and there were many similar businesses across the globe. But discount retail seemed to be the modern home of diversity, and discount was not a future any one of the three wanted. On this point, they were in total agreement.
Joyann was sure she had found the solution. A regular pet store without animals would not prosper, but when stepping inside a high-end canine boutique no one would expect to find a dog other than a client trying on clothes. She could open a grooming parlour alongside it. Who knew that her life might take such a surprising direction? She’d never even owned a dog.
Norman Sullivan had prompted this idea into life. He had come to the store on Sixth Avenue to buy poo bags. He’d browsed the tiny pet section that had recently moved from a corner behind pots of paint to a larger space near the front, alongside a wide range of brushes and mops. He’d picked over the selection of dog collars with surprising interest and pulled out leads as if inspecting neckties for himself. Joyann had watched with interest. 
‘Will you be getting any jackets in?’ Norm asked, allowing a short diamante lead to drop back into place.
‘For dogs?’
‘Yes. I’d like one for Cocoa. Something thin that will pack away.’
‘She would be very hot, Norman.’
‘Hmm. Maybe. But I was thinking for occasional use, perhaps when we walk and I know the rain might be heavy. Something in white, perhaps. Thin enough to fold into my pocket.’
‘White? For a dog?’
Cocoa was not with Norm that day. He told Joyann she had been left at home with the maid for no other reason than she wanted to stay. Norm had been offended by his pet’s apparent preference.
‘I think it would look good with her chocolate coat,’ he said.
Joyann pondered for a moment while Norm selected some expensive dog treats from a point-of-sale stand that had arrived only the day before. ‘I could get you one,’ she offered.
‘Would you?’ he smiled, but the curve of his mouth soon flopped. ‘But what if I don’t like the style? Or it doesn’t fit properly?’
‘Then do not buy it. You will be under no obligation.’
‘Well if you are sure.’
‘I am.’
‘Then thank you, Joyann. How long will it take?’
‘Give me a week. I’ll call you when I have found something. Okay?’
After Norm had gone, having bought the treats and a new collar while almost forgetting what he had originally come in for, she’d wondered why he didn’t try one of the proper pet shops for the jacket. But then, he could easily buy poo bags from the supermarket, so perhaps he was a man supporting local business; or simply supporting a friend. She smiled at this thought; they were friends because of the business.
Joyann was thinking of all this while standing on the sideline of a pitch at Turf City, watching her son, Lucas, play football for the under ten’s. For whatever reason, he had not joined a Singaporean team but instead played for ANZA, an Australian and New Zealand Association historically set up to support people from those two countries, but which had grown into a large organisation with members from anywhere including Singapore. The sporting opportunities were excellent, and though Ethan had at first questioned his son’s choice, both he and Joyann were pleased with it, satisfied Lucas would be mixing with a diverse crowd. The only issue Joyann had with Lucas’ sporting endeavours was that she and not Ethan seemed to be the one watching him every Saturday morning. Since the affair had come to light, Ethan was barely around, so on the few mornings Joyann couldn’t take him the maid had done it instead.
It hadn’t been easy continuing to function day to day in the aftermath of what she had seen on Pulau Ubin. Suspicions may have formed long ago, doubts about Ethan that had made her desperately unhappy, but the feelings suspicion roused were nothing compared to those that confirmation slammed upon her. Yet through it all still there was a child to care for, work to be done, places to be gone to, people to be seen. She had continued with life immediately after as if a plastic bag were stuck over her face and her legs were pushing through treacle, yet no one could see it.
The sensation inside her chest had been terrifying, as if she were verging on collapse. Joyann had once tried to describe how she felt to an old school friend, who had experienced the same betrayal. The friend had empathised and said that in her own case, she felt as if she were an observer, standing outside of her own body, unable to move herself or her life either forwards or back.
To Joyann, this had sounded almost as light relief. While she herself had managed to function despite it all, she’d felt as if her soul had partially, rather completely, stepped out of her body and become caught, leaving her trapped as both observer and participant. Never before had she experienced anything so painful.
As Joyann reflected, entirely distracted from the game in which Lucas’ team were being outplayed, she thought of Percy whose grief had turned him to drink. She had not been able to indulge in such freedom.
*
‘Can I get an iced caramel from The Bean?’ Lucas asked. The game had finished six nil to the opposing side, and they’d walked back to the car with Lucas trailing behind talking animatedly with a friend about the other team.
‘Of course.’ Joyann smiled affectionately, as she gazed upon her sweaty son. This was fast becoming their Saturday morning routine. ‘When haven’t we? Though you are a little bit dirty.’
‘It’s fine.’
‘So, how was the match?’ Joyann leaned into the car and started the engine, switching the air conditioning to full, before closing the door. Ethan had always moaned when she did this, allowing the engine to run while the car was still parked just so she could cool it off a little.
‘You know how it went. You saw it. The new goalie is bad.’
‘Lucas! At least he is prepared to do it. When were you last in goal? You seem to think soccer is only about running around and scoring goals.’
‘It is.’
‘Come on. Take off your boots and put these on,’ Joyann pulled some flip-flops from the back seat of the car, feeling that already it was cooling inside. ‘Give me those, I’ll put them in this bag.’ Two days of heavy rain had left the pitches wet and muddy. ‘When we get to the café I might leave you to your drink. I want to check on the store, and make sure the new girl is managing.
‘But we always sit together.’
‘I know. I will be very quick.’
‘Go afterwards.’
‘Lucas…’
‘Please.’ He smiled pleadingly. ‘You can have your cappuccino and I will have my iced caramel. Can I have some cake for my lunch?’
Joyann raised her hands in defeat. ‘Okay. You win. But I am so hot I think I will have an iced caramel too.’
‘Then we can go to the cinema.’
‘The cinema?’
‘Yes. The cinema.’
‘Is it your birthday, Lucas Tan? First soccer, then café, and then cinema? When is it homework?’
Lucas paused, and Joyann looked at him. His face had fallen into a less happy expression, but as she watched he raised it again with purpose. ‘We don’t need him,’ he announced, levelly.
Joyann felt a lump rise in her throat. ‘Okay. Cinema and then dinner. You win.’
Lucas whooped with joy.
Chapter 26
FLOCKING
Joyann and Percy ran to the nearest taxi rank and leapt into a cab. It was only a shower, but so heavy the drops seemed to fall as one. Each released a huge sigh once the deluge was shut out, and Joyann began folding her tiny soaked umbrella, while Percy pushed back the wet strands of hair stuck to his forehead. He checked under his shirt to make sure the dressing wasn’t wet.
‘No shitting, uh?’
Percy looked up sharply. The taxi driver’s eyes were reflected in the rear view mirror. Hard, black, almond, staring directly at him.
‘No shitting,’ repeated the driver.
It dawned on Percy that this was the same man who, in the middle of the night in the pouring rain, had ejected him. ‘No. No shitting,’ he agreed, gruffly. ‘Perhaps you should have a sign.’
Manoeuvring slowly into the moving traffic, the driver asked Joyann where they were going. His tone, Percy felt, had become noticeably more affable.
She looked to Percy, who shrugged. 
‘Somewhere far away,’ she said, adding, ‘Percy, thank you for suggesting we have a day out on our own. I need a change.’
‘We both do,’ said Percy, thinking back to the rash offer made whilst under the influence of alcohol. A few nights before, the increasingly sociable Phrike had taken several people out for a meal to celebrate his fiftieth birthday in the absence of his wife, who had gone home to visit her parents. For Percy, and perhaps all but Norm, Joyann and Meera, it had resulted in a two-day hangover.
‘Airport? I wait and then bring you back?’ suggested the driver helpfully, hoping for a decent fare. ‘You can watch all the planes. So many. Nice day at Changi?’ 
‘No. Thank you.’ Percy frowned, racking his brain for ideas.
‘Zoo!’ announced Joyann. ‘Or Jurong Bird Park?’
He reached out and squeezed her hand. ‘Zoo, please driver.’
Joyann turned away and looked out of the window as the taxi sped off to the nearest expressway. Percy saw her turn, but did not consider why she may have done so. He straightened his damp clothes, uncomfortably twisted from diving into the cab, and asked the driver to turn off the air-conditioning, but the driver’s hand did not move from the wheel.
After ten minutes sitting in silence, the driver began to make conversation. At first Percy ignored him, as did Joyann, but the man was determined to be sociable.
‘White tigers at Singapore zoo, they kill a man.’ His eyes flicked to the mirror, seeking reaction.
‘They did,’ agreed Joyann, idly.
‘They did?’ questioned Percy.
‘Mmm,’ continued the driver, seeming pleased to have provoked a response, ‘Two of them. Females. Male too lazy, just watch. Terrible way to die.’
Percy thought it an unlikely event, and made no attempt to continue the exchange.
‘Cage cleaner,’ the driver persisted, ‘very strange. Happy man, his family say, but he jabbed at the tigers with a brush, lay down and put a bucket over his head.’
‘It was terrible,’ said Joyann, quietly speaking to Percy only, ‘truly very sad.’
‘You know about this?’
Joyann nodded.
‘Seems a strange thing to do,’ said Percy, still not convinced.
‘Mmm, very strange. Very strange! In front of visitors!’ Eyes widened in the reflection. ‘People throwing phones and other objects, all to distract the tigers.’
Joyann sighed, ‘Not just throwing phones. Taking pictures. Some people have no morals.’
‘Yes, pictures. In the newspapers. The zoo closed for two days. My friend says now there is a panic button, and also a life belt.’
‘It’s true. There is a life belt. And a button,’ agreed Joyann.
It appeared the evidence was undeniable, ‘Grim. What nationality?’ Percy asked.
‘Foreign,’ said the taxi driver, shaking his head a little. ‘So sad. Must have been crazy. Or in big trouble.’
‘Not nice,’ Percy mumbled.
After a brief silence, Joyann suggested visiting the bird park instead. Her voice was dull. ‘I don’t feel like the zoo anymore,’ she said.
‘But isn’t that quite a long way from where we are now? Virtually heading in the opposite direction?’
‘It is, but as I said, I have gone off the idea of the zoo. Silly, but I don’t think I would enjoy it today, not now. I want to be somewhere distracting, but not distracting me with unhappiness.’
‘You okay?’
‘Of course.’ She leaned forward, ‘Driver. Bird park, please.’
The taxi driver grinned. His story had extended his fare. ‘Like to stop and get takeaway coffee?’
*
Percy tipped heavily to ensure the annoying driver did not wait for the return fare. He had explained and re-explained to the man that he was not to wait for them, but the old driver was wily and playing ignorant, his English suddenly very poor. His behaviour surprised even Joyann, who could see no financial gain in sitting in a stationary taxi with no meter running, when there was a line of paying passengers waiting at the attraction’s taxi rank. Since tipping more than a few cents was not regular form, anymore than waiting when not specifically asked to do so, the driver was pleased with the money. 
‘Pay for cleaning seat!’ he grinned, before trundling off to join the queue.
Percy scowled. ‘I’ve been had.’
‘You have,’ agreed Joyann.
Jurong Bird Park was quiet, despite the comfortable temperature. Here the paths were dry, untouched by localised storms, and where they wound throughout the park so parties of school children streamed after teachers, while other visitors ambled between exhibits checking maps and drinking water. A few clusters of tourists smiled and joked with one another, ice creams in hand. Nothing was too crowded or too empty. Joyann smiled appreciatively, and Percy found himself again admiring the prettiness of her face.
He had never been to the bird park before. Under sufferance, he had visited the zoo and the Night Safari but never the bird park, which he could already see was like all Singapore’s attractions: undeniably good. The only problem lay in the number of birds present. The feathered flappy things were not his favourite beasts, and here there were far too many. He thought of the boy next door, and the latest conversation endured.
The day before, Percy had been forced to sit with him by the pool. The child had cornered him in the way he often did, with endless chatter and questions. At the time, Percy had been drowsing on a lounger enjoying the pleasant weariness of a hangover gone, whilst mulling over Art’s latest email confirming the closure of their favourite pub. Art had found a new one selling ‘craft’ ales, and he hoped Percy would be back soon to help sample some of their wares. Percy had just brought the taste of one very baked bean flavoured beer to his lips, when the boy’s soggy bottom had pushed against Percy’s leg and ruined the moment. By allowing one eye to meet the boy’s gaze, he had opened the floodgates for conversation. It was becoming the boy’s regular trick.
‘I thought you were waving at me,’ he said.
‘I have to keep it elevated.’
‘What did you do?’
‘Cut it.’
‘Oh.’ The boy used the water running from his fingertips to drip a pattern onto the hot concrete slabs. ‘I went on a school trip today, Uncle Percy.’
‘Don’t call me uncle.’
‘It’s polite.’
‘If you are Singaporean.’
‘We are Singaporean.’
Percy had sighed. He knew the argument well. ‘No we’re not.’
‘Yes we are.’
‘No we are not.’
‘What do you call a person living in America?’
He sighed again. ‘American.’
‘Exactly.’
It wasn’t worth explaining, Percy knew. He had done so too many times already. He wriggled a little, closed his eyes and let out a comfortable sigh, as if settling himself deeper into the lounger. The boy did not take the hint.
‘I went on a school trip today, Uncle Percy.’
Percy moved to total silence, which occasionally saw the boy off.
‘We went to an aerothing farm, and an organic farm.’
Again, Percy did not respond.
‘I said we went to an aerothing farm, and an organic farm, Uncle Percy.’
Percy went against his better judgement. ‘A what?’
‘An organic farm.’
‘No. The other thing you said.’
‘Aero. They grow stuff without dirt.’
‘Soil, you mean.’
‘Yes. Dirt.’
‘Hmm.’ 
‘It was rubbish. Really boring.’
‘Well thanks for sharing,’ Percy said. ‘Isn’t it your teatime?’ he asked, without opening his eyes.
‘The organic farm was better, because she kept asking us about our shit all the time.’
‘I know the feeling.’
‘“What do you do with your shit, huh? How many times everyday do you shit? Huh?” My teacher couldn’t stop her. But she couldn’t stop the film either.’
Percy resisted asking what film? but resistance was futile.
‘The film was at the other farm we went to. At the end. It was about chickens. It said it is really important to keep chickens in small cages so they keep clean and can’t hurt themselves. They showed some on a beach, fighting, and said it was cruel to let them wander around.’
Percy couldn’t help himself, ‘You’re kidding, right?’
‘No. Why?’
‘I thought you said it was rubbish; really boring?’
‘It was.’
It was the boy’s battery farmed chickens that Percy was thinking of as he walked with Joyann; the caged chickens, and his increasingly chicken based diet. Mila seemed to have stopped making the Chinese and westernised food he enjoyed, and started on what he supposed was Filipino cuisine. Some kind of tomatoey, capsicum pepper and chicken thing was on repeat. He’d mistakenly said he liked it, and he had, that first time. She had grinned her terrifying grin and said it was food usually made for a celebration and something of a treat. The special occasion had not been as obvious as Mila mounding leftovers into an enormous plastic tub, a procedure that was as regular as the meal itself. Mila’s use of Sal’s housekeeping allowance was of little concern to Percy, but the soreness beneath his nipples was another matter. Were Singapore’s chickens pumped up and therefore plumped up with hormones? Bloody chickens, he thought. Like all birds, they were everywhere.
In contrast, just as she loved orchids, Joyann loved birds, and so Percy was compelled to view all the exhibits, even hand feeding lorikeets in the Lory Loft, where he had grimaced stiffly causing Joyann to laugh. The multi-coloured birds seemed very happy sitting on his shoulder, sometimes nibbling his ear, even after the tub of soggy crackers had been eaten. He’d tried hard not to think about their sharp beaks; his mother had kept a blue budgie when he was a boy, and sitting on Percy’s head it had reached over and bitten his eyelid, drawing blood. Other than when the lorikeets landed on his sling, he’d resisted batting them away.
Watching displays of performing macaws had made him feel equally grimfaced, though the chance to sit down decided him to take his hand from its raised position and put the folded sling in his pocket. Around him, everyone else cheered the spectacle, and Joyann remained happily absorbed in colourful tricks, ignoring Percy’s sourness. He knew that his view differed greatly from hers. Where he saw shoebills glaring over heavy beaks, she perceived only an awkward gentleness in their eyes. When to him, hornbills jumping and bobbing seemed idiotic, Joyann saw power and grace. Percy wouldn’t be swayed; ostrich eyes were filled with malice and birds of paradise deliberately hid. Not only had he experienced the savage behaviour of a budgerigar, he’d also seen how ungrateful birds could be. An elderly aunt lovingly kept a pair of zebra finches, and the only time Percy had visited her as an adult he’d accidentally let one out which promptly escaped through an open window; she’d had a stroke later that day. Birds equalled bad news. Birds, it seemed, might even equal the growing of breasts.
After walking for what seemed to be an age, they came across the pelican enclosure, containing pelicans gathered from around the world. Dalmatian pelicans, White pelicans, Australian pelicans and others, living side by side, spending their days sitting on the shore of the man-made lake, or drifting together on its surface. Some chased each other, some preened chests awkwardly with enormous bills, and others dozed in the single tree available within flapping distance of clipped wings. Whatever they were doing, they existed together successfully in a reasonable sort of peace. 
Percy took a more generous view of most waterfowl, compared to their terrestrial counterparts, and so he was quite content to stand with Joyann and watch the giant birds’ activities. Soon a welly-booted man arrived wheeling a trolley. Feeding time had come. For a couple of dollars, the few people gathered were offered pots of chopped fish to toss into waiting beaks. Naturally, Percy grumbled that guests were paying to feed what they had already paid to see, birds that must be fed anyway.
‘You wouldn’t go along to a prison and pay to go in so you could buy food to feed the inmates, Joyann.’
To this she said nothing, but Percy noticed the smallest of frowns.
A single unclipped pelican had flown in for the occasion. The man in wellington boots told them it was a native bird that had chosen to make the park its home, because it preferred the security of a daily meal to the challenge of going it alone. For this one bird, Percy felt a fleeting admiration. He and it were not so very different.
With the empty trolley stashed to one side, the man moved along to a small amphitheatre, ready for his daily talk to the public. Joyann insisted on listening so Percy agreed to stay, though he did not register a single word. He was too busy thinking. Was he really like the native pelican? Did he have the choice to fly in and out? Because part of him suddenly wondered if he was more like the other pelicans, clipped and fed; fed by a keeper who no longer wanted him.
*
Leaving the park, Percy was quiet. Where had his independence gone? Had Sal taken it with her, when she had run off with Ethan? As a theory, he realised, it made no sense, but it touched on something.
Joyann seemed to notice his mood. ‘You look tired often these days. I know some remedies that might help.’
‘Chinese medicine, I suppose. I’m not keen on any of that mumbo jumbo.’
‘Why do people hate taking advice so much, Percy? Why do you hate it so much? Hate new things so much?’ 
‘How do you know whether I like new things or not? And I don’t have to be interested in everything, Joyann, anymore than I have to take advice just because it’s offered.’
 ‘Advice should be taken graciously, Percy, as if it is a gift yet to be unwrapped. If, when open, you do not need it then no matter, it is the thought that counts.’
‘It’s more like a gift not wrapped in the first place, Joyann. And an offering not wanted, is better declined.’
‘But that is not how it should be treated! A well meant gift, this is what advice is, and how it should be viewed.’
 ‘And what if you tried to give me an armful of cobras? I think I’d be justified in telling you that I did not want them. No pretence required.’
‘You are being deliberately obtuse. And if I did have an armful of cobras, Percy, I would be dead, not standing there hoping to give them to you.’
‘Why, you allergic?’ 
Joyann rolled her eyes. Percy had moaned about the boy next door many times.
‘I didn’t ask for advice,’ Percy insisted.
‘And when did you last ask for a present?’
‘Okay, Joyann. I get the graciously-accepted-gift-secretly-put-in-the-bin metaphor. Enough metaphors.’
For a few moments she was quiet, but as they approached the taxi rank Joyann unexpectedly snapped. ‘You are a rude and unpleasant man, Percy!’
‘Joyann?’
‘Yes you are!’
‘What have I done?’
‘Nothing you don’t do every time I see you!’
‘Now calm down.’
‘Calm down? Why should I?’
Percy couldn’t resist. ‘Perhaps you’ve taken too many of your herbs and potions?’
‘Dear God! I cannot bear to be with you another moment. You take the first taxi and I will take another!’
‘Joyann. What is it?’
‘No. I have had enough Percy. Nothing is good enough for you!’
Percy was baffled.
‘Do not look at me like that! Half of the time you treat me like a child, and the other half you just moan and whine about everybody else, always as if I should agree with you. The rest of the time you are drunk.’
Bystanders began to take an interest.
Percy was itching to make another comment, to tell her that two halves made a whole not leaving space for anything else, but chose instead to try and reason in a less confrontational way. It was unsettling to see her so upset. ‘I don’t know what I have done to make you so angry with me. We’ve had a nice day, haven’t we? I was joking about the herbs. Maybe you are the one who is tired and should take some Chinese medicine. I’m serious.’
Joyann was livid. ‘What you have done wrong is come to this country!’
Barging past both him and the few ahead in the queue, Joyann threw herself into a taxi. It pulled away and then stopped abruptly. A window was let down and a small bundle ejected. ‘This,’ she cried, ‘is because of you! You should never have come!’
Percy walked to the package in the road. He recognised the papers. Divorce. The same had also arrived for him.
Exhausted, he returned to the entrance of the park and went into the café. There, he ordered four bottles of lager, scooped them up with his good arm and took them outside. His injured hand was throbbing after half a day of dangling, and so Percy raised it, pressing a cold bottle to the dressing. The uncomfortable sensation slowly ebbed away. The hand was an encumbrance, but could have been worse, he supposed, at least no tendons had been damaged. He looked forward to the stitches being taken out.
Watching ducks drift on a small pond he thought about Sal, the house, his lack of prospects and money, the cost of taxis and attractions when there was nothing coming into the pot. He thought about the cost of alcohol in Singapore. He looked at the bottles. No matter, today it might take courage to go home to an empty house. He downed one. Only then did he think of Joyann. Confused by her inconsistent behaviour, his thoughts soon returned to the safety of satiated pelicans.
Chapter 27
THE PASSION OF NORM
Norm took a moment to speak with God, and not for the first time lately had no sense of Him listening.
The Discussion Group was meeting at Norm’s condo, around the pool. For once a comparatively small group, Norm felt able to cope with numbers and had booked a special party area for them to use. After spending a small fortune at Chilled Cupboard, the nearest supermarket, in order that he might provide an array of nibbles, some squash and a bottle of fizzy wine that wasn’t Verity’s, he had suddenly found himself standing and staring at what he had set up, rooted to the spot, wondering what on earth he was doing. Verity was away on business again. Norm had been guiltlessly pleased when she’d told him this. He wanted the meeting to be his, so he could talk with Percy freely and enjoy finding pleasure in his company. But suddenly he found himself feeling odd. 
He again tried to move his thoughts to God, but they found a way back to Verity.
When she had met Percy that first time, after the meeting in the park discussing Shakespeare, Norm had noticed a look pass over his wife’s face; an appreciation, perhaps, that this man might be her husband’s latest distraction. Mindful of her feelings, Norm had mentioned Percy on only a few occasions, mainly to highlight the coincidence of them both having breadwinning wives. Even so, he was sure she’d picked up on who Percy might be. After Percy and Joyann had gone home, Verity had poured a large glass of wine, and hefted herself onto a sturdy breakfast-bar stool, watching while the maid cleared up and Norm made himself a cup of herbal tea. Her mood was high, and she’d said that she found Joyann sophisticated and Percy amusing, particularly so after the storm broke and they were all forced to run for cover. He had grabbed a full plate of chicken wings whilst yelling, don’t worry, Vee, this one’s for you!
 In particular, Norm thought this moment seemed to please her very much.
But the incident, or rather the recounting of it as he stood staring at his poolside preparations, had stirred something in Norm, an uneasiness he was struggling to define. Was it jealousy perhaps? Did he feel slighted by Verity’s obvious pleasure at Percy’s nickname for her, or was he envious that she enjoyed his irreverence, while he, Norm, would never have got away with such a remark; while he, boring old Norm, would not have thought of it? Or was it simply he felt he was being forced into sharing Percy with her? At least this occasion would see no sharing with her at all.
As he stood motionless, listening to the sounds of the condo’s children echoing about, the flatness he had sensed coming settled on him. His thoughts once more turned to God, hoping for solace. Norm was not seeking sound reasoning or the perfect answer to resolve his anxiety, only a means to step away from it. But again, there came only silence.
 As he stood, so his back started to tingle, and an instant later he felt a warm hand upon his shoulder.
‘You okay mate?’
Turning, Norm came face to face with Percy.
‘I was watching you from over there,’ Percy jerked the thumb of his now lightly bandaged hand to the main entrance to the condo, a little way off. ‘You looked like a statue!’ he smiled a small smile, before patting Norm hard on the back with his good hand and moving away to pick up an olive.
Norm was speechless. It seemed to him that while feeling cast aside he’d been thrown into path of Percy. What did it mean? From habit and without the slightest thought for what he was doing, Norm clasped his hands together and mumbled a thank you. The lost look in his eye vanished.
‘I must be running late,’ he said, apologetically.
‘Not at all, Norm. I’m early, for once.’
Norm smiled, unsure what to say next. He opted for nothing, and sat down. ‘Verity told me you’d hurt yourself,’ he said, eventually, gesturing to Percy’s hand. ‘Did you get my message?’
‘I did. Thanks. It’s just a scratch. She around?’ Percy enquired.
‘Away.’
‘Where?’
‘Jakarta. She’s back on Friday.’
‘Never been.’
‘Nor me.’
‘Do you ever travel with her?’
Norm shook his head.
‘Nor me… with Sal, I mean. But then, I was never invited.’ Percy grabbed a handful of peanuts and dried anchovies and flopped onto the sofa. ‘So what’s the topic?’
Norm rubbed his thighs nervously, ‘I thought we might challenge things a little.’ He pulled a face.
‘Oh?’ Percy stared. ‘You sure you’re okay? You look like someone stuffed a sausage roll up your backside.’
Norm released a little whimper. He felt cornered. The topic he had chosen was one he’d thought of in a confident moment, and it no longer seemed appropriate. ‘Truth is, I haven’t come up with one. So I thought we might decide together, you know, have an opening discussion about what we’ll discuss…’
Percy sucked air through his teeth. ‘Risky. We might spend the whole time talking about choosing a topic instead of talking about the topic itself.’
‘And would that be so bad?’ Norm felt easier. His idea to discuss being true to oneself would remain unheard. He’d begun reading up on the subject, in search of some settling words.
‘Hello!’ 
Norm and Percy turned to see a small group walking towards them. Disappointed that his private audience with Percy had so quickly come to an end, Norm forced a smile onto his face and stood up. 
‘How are you?’ he said, to two women he liked very much because they listened to him, seeming to empathise with his view of things. Percy rarely spoke with either, he had noticed. ‘And hello to you all. Welcome,’ he said to the remaining faces that he did not know so well. ‘Please, find a seat. Help yourselves to anything you’d like.’ He counted heads. ‘Only one more to go.’
‘Joyann?’ Percy said.
‘Joyann.’ Norm confirmed.
Norm felt much better than he had. Now, alongside the laughter of children playing in the pool was the hum of idle chatter. It made him feel warm inside, like he was loved. But then, without intention, his thoughts fell back to the moment before Percy arrived, when he had experienced what was becoming an increasingly frequent sense of abandonment. What did it mean, he wondered? As again, for a short moment, this flat feeling pressing upon him.
Slowly, the members of the Discussion Group began to settle, some sitting next to the food so they could continue to eat with a mechanical motion, crisp-to mouth-crisp-to-mouth, each wafer of fried potato picked up before the last was swallowed. Others slouched in the softer furniture, fingers cradling large glasses of wine poured from bottles they or other members had brought along. It did not matter that it was early; since the first park meeting proposed by Phrike so they could all enjoy a glass or two, bringing a bottle had become a regular thing.
‘So,’ began Norm. ‘I have a confession to make. I haven’t thought of a topic.’
A small ripple of surprise moved amongst the group.
‘I thought we might do it differently, and open it to the crowd, so to speak. Choose a topic now, I mean.’
‘How?’ asked one of the women he liked, an elderly dame who was filling her chair.
‘By… um… That’s the tricky part,’ he confessed. Thinking on his feet, Norm went on, ‘Suppose we narrow down the broader subjects first, by choosing from religion, politics and…’
‘…race.’ Percy finished. ‘Making up the three things we can’t actually talk about, Norm.’
‘Exactly, so we might discuss whether this law is fair or not.’
‘Norm, that would be politics,’ Percy pointed out. ‘It’s in our group rules. We can’t afford to ignore it. I don’t fancy a trip to the police station, thank you very much. Or a stint in Changi.’
‘Got it!’ announced the old woman, pushing herself a little more upright in her seat. ‘If we made groups of three, then we could do it.’
‘Tenuous,’ Percy remarked.
‘Then let’s not,’ Norm said. ‘And today breaking into groups so small seems wrong somehow. It was different in the park.’ He did not want to risk missing out on his hero.
‘I tell you what,’
‘What Percy?’ Norm observed that Percy was already refreshing his wine glass, only moments after Norm himself had poured him a very full one.
‘Let’s talk about being true to oneself.’ Percy’s gaze fell with obvious weight upon several women whose faces were no longer exactly as nature intended.
Norm felt his world tip. How did Percy know?
‘Marvellous idea,’ the older woman agreed. ‘I am sure we can easily find a good opening point.’
Norm remained silent, studying Percy from the corner of his eye. He could not have known, he decided, for Norm had told no one. He ran through the conversation he and Percy had shared not so long ago, but found nothing there that might have given something away.
‘Should we wait for Joyann?’ Percy asked, to no one in particular.
The members looked to one another for an answer. 
Norm found his voice, ‘Let’s start. She can catch up, I am sure.’
‘Well that was easier than expected, eh Norm?’ Percy said. ‘Good idea.’
‘What?’ For a moment Norm thought Percy really did know of his topic choice. He felt his cheeks flush a little.
‘Suggesting we decide amongst ourselves,’ Percy continued, ‘the group can be too prescriptive at times. I much prefer just to see where things go, don’t you?’
‘Would you excuse me?’ Norm stood up. He was desperate for a few moments alone to think.
In the apartment, the maid was washing the floor, so he tiptoed carefully across the wet marble and shut himself in the bathroom.
Sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, he pushed his fingers to his lips. Life and faith as a single entity seemed to be rolling away beyond his control. Beyond reach.
Chapter 28
KEEP AWAY FROM THE LIGHT
It was nearly Christmas, and Percy had agreed to meet Norm for a walk one evening in the Botanic Gardens. Verity’s long look of disapproval in the hospital weeks before had made him uneasy, so when Norm said that his invitation was at her suggestion, Percy felt unable to refuse. 
The gardens were aglow with festive lighting; pathways lined with inventively decorated Christmas trees, something of an annual tradition. Each tree was sponsored by a company, or represented a charity or school, and ranged in sophistication.
‘Jeez,’ Percy said, as they passed a primary school offering, ‘Looks like someone chucked a waste paper basket over this one.’
‘I like it,’ Norm said. In an unusually quiet frame of mind, Cocoa was sitting by his feet.
‘Why? It’s bloody terrible.’
Norm gave Percy a reprimanding look, as if Percy were a naughty schoolboy. ‘I suppose you prefer the trees that are covered in expensive ornaments, carefully placed by artistic adults?’
‘Artistic or autistic?’
‘Percy!’
‘There,’ Percy pointed to a small sign beneath a pretty tree provided by an autistic society.
‘Oh.’
‘And yes I do.’
‘Well I find the children’s trees very cute.’
‘No. You just don’t like the idea that adults might be competitive with children.’
Norm stared at Percy, clearly puzzled.
‘You don’t like the fact that I won my swimming race against the brat next door, that’s what this is about.’ Percy sidestepped to the next tree, covered in small plastic bottles.
‘It’s not about anything, Percy. So you can swim again? Now the stitches are out?’
‘Hell yes. And some. But you knew that already. I told you that he kept challenging me.’ 
‘You did? I don’t remember that. And anyway, it wasn’t what I was thinking of. No, I just enjoy the simple creativity of children. They have this way of offering quite complex ideas without knowing it, don’t you think?’
But Percy was caught up in his victory, ‘I thrashed the little shit. I won by almost the whole length.’
‘I suppose I have always liked children. I thought about becoming a teacher once, but then I met Verity and we carried on moving about just as I have my whole life. I still think of teaching, of course, but there are lots of hoops to jump through these days.’
‘You could work wherever,’ Percy remarked. ‘It’s a transferable job.’
Norm reached out and touched a huge golden pinecone topping a tree. Cocoa pressed her nose to a smaller, lower one, and took a long sniff before spluttering and repeating the exercise twice more. ‘And you, Percy? Do you miss working?’
‘Yes.’
‘What did you do? Before.’
‘Me? I… oh my God! Will you look at that.’ Percy strode off along the path, having spotted a tree adorned with snowflake shaped lights that were moving in a sequence and giving the appearance of falling snow. This in itself was not unusual, but by the end of each sequence certain lights remained on giving the effect of snow-filled branches.
Norm joined him. ‘If you like ornate and professional, you should come to the Temple with me. They have the most wonderful Nativity scenes. Truly beautiful.’
Percy’s refusal was sharp.
‘I am not trying to convert you. You wouldn’t make a very good Mormon anyway. I just thought you might be interested.’
‘Why wouldn’t I?’
‘Wouldn’t you what?’
‘Make a good Mormon.’
‘You need to believe in God, for a start. Another is you don’t like to be told.’
‘Don’t like to be told what?’
‘Anything. And I admire it. I wish I were more like it myself. You think what you think and you don’t try and change the way others think, Percy. There is a lot to be said for that.’
‘For being a shit?’
‘Blessed are the poor in spirit.’
‘The Book of Mormon?’
‘No, the book of a friend I grew up with, whose mother thought as Mormons we were a pitiful family. But she had a point.’
Percy, Norm and Cocoa continued their walk, Cocoa occasionally pulling to one side and snuffling at something with short breaths, checking the doggy news about who had passed through and what they had eaten. 
‘It’s so beautiful isn’t it,’ said Norm, wistfully.
Percy had to agree that it was. Whatever his opinion of the few more basic trees on display, most were resplendent; magnificent examples of what made most people feel special at Christmas. Almost all were traditional firs, though a few were tropical shrubs, and none lacked effort. 
As they walked, so strings of lights seemed to cascade from the high branches of the surrounding flora.
‘Where’s Vee at the moment?’
‘Jakarta.’
‘Again?’
‘Often.’ Norm stopped to admire a red and gold tree decorated with Chinese zodiac characters, its base crowded with glowing paper lamps. ‘Will you come?’
‘Where?’
‘To the Temple.’
‘Vee coming?’
‘No.’
‘Why not?’ Percy started moving to the next tree, and before Norm could answer his question, asked another, ‘Why doesn’t your church have a tree here?’
Norm shrugged. ‘Because we have an amazing display of our own, maybe?’ His voice lacked its earlier cheery tone, for when Percy had first met him that evening, Norm had been almost childlike in his excitement; walking with his usual skip as if life were fabulous.
‘Do you have a tree at home?’
‘Me or Mormons in general?’
‘Both.’
‘Yes. Besides, Verity loves Christmas, too. What will you be doing this Christmas, Percy?’ Norm’s eyes recovered some of their brightness, ‘You’re welcome to spend it with us.’
‘That’s charitable Norm…’
‘Not charitable. A friend inviting a friend.’
‘… but I am staying at home.’
‘Alone?’
‘Compound living Norm: as you know, you’re never alone, unfortunately.’
Norm’s arm suddenly shot out after Cocoa. She had clearly spotted a friend. Norm followed her, telling Percy he would be only a moment.
*
The following day, Percy decided to invite Joyann to join them for the Temple visit. He’d agreed to go because he could find no reason to say no. And, being honest with himself, Percy was intrigued.
Also, he wanted to talk with her about lashing out at him at the bird park, so was glad of an excuse to get in touch. He was pleased to have the opportunity to kill two birds with one stone; it was, after all, never a bad thing to do. This way he would not be alone with Norm and he could demonstrate to Joyann that there were no hard feelings. 
He hadn’t expected resistance.
‘Percy, I am not in the right frame of mind to walk around Norman’s Temple and coo over people dressed up as Angels.’
He had cornered her in her shop, where he found her putting up a stand displaying a colourful range of raincoats for dogs. He’d called in on his way home from The Tired Turtle, after an extended lunchtime.
‘Besides,’ she continued, ‘Norman invited you not me.’
‘He’d really like you to come.’
She flashed him a sharp look. ‘I told you before that Norman is very keen on you. It is you he wants there, not me. But perhaps you shouldn’t go either. You are leading him on.’
‘Joyann,’ Percy said, edgily, ‘he might be clingy and he might be gay, but that doesn’t mean he has an ulterior motive. He’s a nice guy.’
‘And who is this standing before me? Not the Percy Field I know. Who is this new man that suddenly feels sympathetic when before he could not run away fast enough?’
Percy shifted uncomfortably under her scrutinising eye. By agreeing to go to the Temple he wanted only to demonstrate to Vee that he was not the man she thought he was, though why he felt the need to prove himself to her remained something of a mystery. But he didn’t want to go alone, and for whatever reason this had set off some strange reaction in Joyann.
‘Tell me, Percy. Why this change of heart?’
Percy smiled. It was the way she said heart; so similar to hat, the way she had sounded the word hard in hardware store when they’d first met. Momentarily he was thrown back in time. ‘Please come,’ he said, earnestly.
She stopped arranging and put her hands on her hips. ‘If I come, then you must promise not to be rude to anyone. I cannot cope at the moment, not with pettiness.’
‘When am I ever rude?’
Her eyes widened. 
Percy considered her implied doubt to be an absolute cheek, and said so.
‘Percy Field, maybe you are not so different after all. I will come, but you must tell Norman first and make sure he does not mind. Because I know he has not invited me. Okay?’
‘Okay.’
She returned to her work and Percy began walking from the shop. He was almost at the door when Joyann called his name.
‘Yes?’ he said, turning back.
‘Thank you for inviting me.’
He shrugged it off, and made for home.
*
The three friends stood together waiting for their group of six to be allowed to commence the tour. Percy was surprised to find Norm’s account was true, and the church’s Nativity was a slick operation. To avoid crowding they were instructed not to start before they were told to, and then they should move off from each room instantly the sequence they were viewing was finished.
Norm did not introduce either Joyann or Percy to anyone, and Percy couldn’t tell if this was deliberate or if Norm himself did not really know the other people present. He was relieved, for the last thing Percy wanted was to be forced into stilted conversation with a bible basher.
As members and guests moved around, so Joyann, Norm and Percy quietly looked about themselves. It was a modern setting, and to Percy very much like any public space of a similar era, and somewhat lacking in atmosphere. Though an atheist, as an adult Percy had always enjoyed the experience of visiting churches when he had Sal had taken holidays, whether in Britain or France or Italy, or some other country steeped in Christian history. The atmosphere old stone imbued – essentially one of damp cool air – to him seemed a unique thing. And the smell of age, the shadows, the beautiful stained glass and intricate carvings, the simple ancient imagery, never failed to make Percy feel as if he were somewhere special, though he’d never felt the temptation to try and believe what these things stood for. For Percy, God was about as likely as two sheep joining forces and passing themselves off as Pope.
But here, with carpet tiles and plain painted walls, regular looking chairs and neon strip lighting, he felt the place was a wasted opportunity. He supposed the flock liked it well enough. What did strike Percy as interesting, however, was how the religious paintings were both modern and classical in appearance. Style and composition were old, while the faces appeared to be modern America’s idea of perfection. The paintings, he surmised, reflected the religion.
Eventually their turn came, and they followed the directions given.
‘As I told you,’ whispered Norm, as they walked along a plain corridor. ‘Each scene of the Nativity is depicted in a different room. You’ll know what I mean when you see it.’
They arrived at an innocuous looking door as another group came out. An unknown member of Percy’s group took the lead and pushed it open. Instantly, an ethereally brilliant light struck them, along with the sound of Angelic song.
Floor to ceiling, wall to wall, the room was draped entirely in white cotton, and so brightly lit that it was almost dazzling. A group of young women dressed as Angels were singing, with one taking the lead. When she had finished, Percy’s group left. The corridor was suddenly an even greyer place to be. Instantly he decided this was the church’s plan: the rooms were faith, the corridors life. Inwardly he bristled, thinking he might leave Norm and Joyann to finish the tour without him. He felt Joyann’s hand in his back, urging him on to the next scene. He was reminded of Haw Par Villa, and the Ten Courts of Hell. Why couldn’t people just get on with things without burdening themselves with religion? Wasn’t life tough enough without choosing to add to the pressure? So many Thou Shalt Nots, whatever happened to the Thou Shalts?
Room after room was set up as the first, with the whole space given over to the scene and real people acting, so that by the end of the tour Percy’s view had shifted considerably. He was still frustrated by the purpose of it all, but now felt Norm had been right to insist he came. Percy enjoyed theatre and what they had viewed was exactly that. 
In the final space, an old market scene had been recreated in a large room, with refreshment stands attended by young people wearing nineteenth century North American costume. Percy accepted a cup of juice and found a corner. Joyann and Norm joined him.
Joyann was the first to speak. ‘Norman, that was really very good. Thank you.’
‘My pleasure,’ he said. ‘Can I get you some literature or something? It’s free. The Book of Mormon, or a DVD? Only if you are interested, of course.’
‘No, thank you, Norman.’
‘Percy?’ Norm smiled, before adding, ‘silly question.’
Percy said nothing because nothing needed to be said. 
‘Shall we go, after we have finished our drinks?’ Joyann asked.
The two men nodded and very soon they were dropping their paper cups into a bin and preparing to leave. As Percy walked by a table he looked towards a stack of leaflets, and on spotting his line of sight, a teenager dressed in sackcloth placed one in Percy’s hand. Percy planned to put it on the next available surface, but curiosity made him unfold it. His eyes fell upon what he supposed were the rules, and homosexuality was listed as a sin. At least, accepting it as part of who you are was a sin.
 Not making a deliberate statement, while equally not caring who saw him, Percy screwed up the leaflet and dropped it to the floor, eyes on Norm who was ahead of him and leaving the building. How could he hold dear such a faith, just because one man, who lived so long ago that not one particle of his being any longer existed, held a view common during that ignorant time? A man, he thought to add, who could spin a good yarn at that. It was like peddling the belief that sniffing fresh flowers saw off the plague, whilst running a flea circus and keeping a rat as a pet. 
After they had dropped Norm home, Percy said as much to Joyann as they drove along Orchard Road, a detour to see the Christmas lights illuminating a different kind of worship.
‘No,’ she said, ‘it is more like smearing your face in lead paint in the belief that it makes you beautiful.’
‘I thought you believed in God?’ Percy replied.
‘I do. My God loves all men, but especially those faced with the challenge of bigotry.’
Chapter 29
A CHRISTMAS APART
For Percy, it was the quietest Christmas he’d ever known but he’d barely noticed. Heat was something he could not associate with the festive season, and so come the actual day he embraced the strange silence that enveloped the condo, and spent time at the pool in the close company of cold beer. 
The hours had passed pleasurably slowly, with Percy drinking, swimming, lounging and pulling bottles from the cold-box, before doing it all over again. He even lay out in the sunshine to pick up a little colour. The pool was surprisingly quiet, though footfall past it less so, meaning his simple Christmas day was one of greater indulgence than planned, interspersed as it was with offerings of Christmas cake and Panatone and other national treats, shared by kind neighbours. Percy was so well fed that he’d found no reason to leave his comfortable spot, except to use the toilet. Only once was he tempted to pee in the pool, resisting because he remembered a tale he’d heard about certain pools being set up to change colour with the addition of urine. The offender would be enveloped by purple or blue or green, or whatever the magic colour was, a cloud of shame probably in the shape of a giant pointing finger. Percy suspected it was an old wives’ tale, but what if it wasn’t?
The boy was not there. He had gone away for Christmas to wherever his father’s family was living. Percy had always assumed they were British, but the father never spoke of Britain as home and Percy had never asked. It was the man’s first Christmas without his wife and the boy’s without his mother, just as it was Percy’s without Sal, though she had sent him a greetings card.
That card. He’d been torn between throwing it away with all the other crap that came for her, or displaying it alongside the few others he’d received, mostly from the Discussion Group though one was from Art. In the end he’d done neither, and it remained lying flat on the kitchen counter, except after Mila had been to clean, when it stood upright and open. Percy always knocked it down again, before repositioning the wastepaper basket.
In contrast, Percy hadn’t sent Sal anything. He told himself this was not because he was angry, but that he had no particular wish to send one. This wasn’t entirely true. He hadn’t sent a card because he hadn’t thought of it until he got hers. From the outset, Sal had been the resident card-sender with Percy rarely signing even his own name. Without Sal, the much-diminished Field household had sent not a single seasonal message to anyone.
Whatever the facts of card etiquette, whether in marriage or estrangement, the issue hadn’t sat comfortably with Percy for the first week after receiving her card. A peculiar feeling that felt annoyingly like guilt caused him to think of it often, picking the card up for inspection whilst mulling over what to do. She was the wrong doer, so why should he send one? But not sending didn’t give him any sense of victory, or control.
Eventually he was able to reconcile the irritation after remembering he didn’t have an address for her, since she’d insisted on redirecting her mail instead of making him privy to the location of her love nest. The system was flawed, or she’d not set it up for long enough, because aside from the mail early on, he’d also recently received several cards for her that he’d automatically put to one side rather than toss away, though where they had gone he couldn’t say. Mila had moved them. Bloody Mila. She still made the bed with the duvet cover opening at the head of the bed, and not the bottom.
Conveniently, Percy overlooked sending a card to his own address for redirection to her, so when on Christmas Eve he again knocked down the silkscreen image of a Japanese mountain, frustrating him with its good taste, his conscience was finally clear. He’d gone to bed comfortably drunk and dreamed of nothing. 
Leading up to Christmas, right across the island, Singapore had been unseasonably and uncharacteristically drought-like, toasting beneath blue skies; the air so dry that the grass was beginning to brown.
Stepping briefly into Sal’s role as teacher of all things Singapore, Norm had informed Percy that December could be very wet; the rainy one of the two monsoons experienced each year. ‘It might seem dry now, but it will come. When it rains day after day after day, it can feel a little too cool for comfort. And it can become quite grey and dull. You’ll become bored on your own, stuck inside.’ He urged Percy to go back to England and enjoy the snow.
Percy had looked at Norm as if he were imbecile. ‘I thought you’d lived in England. It hardly ever bloody snows. That’s just on cards.’
 Norm had been wrong about the monsoon rains, and come the day itself nothing had changed. From the moment Percy opened his eyes, he realised the twenty-fifth was set to be a perfect day. To sit beneath clear skies by the pool felt like luxury.
Percy had not chosen to entirely close himself off from friends, and very early Christmas morning he sent his only seasonal greeting. It was to Art, a festive message via email. Unusually, Art had not instantly replied even though for him it was still just about Christmas Eve and he never went to bed early. Percy didn’t mind, for Art came from a large family, and though anyone meeting him would never guess, he also had a very nice wife, a wife that liked Percy in a way that Sal had never liked Art, whatever she claimed to the contrary. He would, Percy knew, be very busy. When the reply did come late Christmas evening, it was to inform Percy that Britain in its entirety had woken to a white Christmas, and he’d been busy all day with his nephews and one niece making snowmen.
By now, back home with his feet up thinking what film he might download for the evening, Percy began wondering if England would have been the better option after all. He decided not. Firstly, he couldn’t have afforded the fare, and secondly, who needed company? More importantly, who needed cold? The day had been marvellous, and in so many ways all the better without Sal. There had been no pressure to put up a tree the moment December came, or to buy gifts any earlier than Christmas Eve, and none to wrap up presents; or even to cook. The fact was, rather than lonely, Percy’s day – Percy’s entire Christmas – had been a triumph.
Forgotten were the cards addressed to them both that made him feel sick, and forgotten were the many gifts he’d spotted while wandering the shopping malls that Sal would have loved, though he would never have noticed them had they still been together.
His train of thought regarding wives found a winding path to Joyann. Percy and his neighbours would not be the only ones experiencing Christmas irrevocably changed.
*
Joyann smiled and waved to her brother and his family, her mother sitting as a small dumpy bird in the seat next to him. She was liver spotted and rheumy eyed and looking elderly, but her face was as bright as ever. And her hair, Joyann noticed, had been left to turn white, the black she held onto for so long clearly now a habit dropped. It had been sometime since they had seen one another, her mother having chosen to focus herself around her son’s life and not Joyann’s. There was no obvious reason for this that Joyann could think of, save perhaps tradition. Joyann supposed she could push herself into her mother’s life, do more to gain her attention, but why? What for? The favoured son would always mean more and Joyann’s interest in gaining her greater affection had long since waned.
They had spoken several times since the estrangement and at length, but they had not actually seen one another. Joyann always professed to be too busy to visit, but in truth she didn’t want the kind of sympathy that would be offered. Any further words of comfort her mother might have would be inextricably tied to a face filled with pity that also said, I told you so.
Meeting Joyann’s eyes, her mother reached up and patted her own hair, as if recognising the change her daughter had not yet seen. ‘Natural,’ she said.
‘It looks very nice, Mama,’ Joyann said. ‘Happy Christmas.’
‘Happy Christmas,’ the old woman replied. ‘And to you, young man,’ she continued, looking now to Lucas. ‘Ah! So tall!’
Lucas stepped from behind his mother, and greeted his grandmother shyly before scurrying away to sit with his cousins. Joyann watched him, his new clothes and flashy sports shoes shining bright. The morning so far had been hard, with Lucas waking late and weeping for his broken family as much as his absent father. Joyann supposed he had not woken ridiculously early as he normally did because little of this particular Christmas day felt normal. Her heart grew heavy in her chest as she thought of it, remembering herself only hours before sitting alone waiting for the sound of his footsteps, repeatedly checking on him in bed to make sure he was all right, before taking yet another tea outside to be struck once more by the silence. The weather was much nicer than it often was and the maid had gone home for Christmas, so the private peace and beautiful sunshine should have been a luxury. It was not.
But Lucas had cheered up after opening his presents, the boy’s mood lifting considerably once he was dressed in his new clothes ready for the day ahead. He loved Christmas, raring to get to the hotel and feast on the delights of a Christmas brunch. How very different this modern tradition was from the one Joyann grew up with, she thought, recalling the treat of chicken with rice, a bustling family about her, all lending an excitement that was surely equal to his. And how entirely different it was from her own mother’s childhood Christmases, singing carols at home.
Joyann took the empty seat saved for her, sandwiching the old woman between herself and her brother. Today there was no sister-in-law to talk with, since there was terminal illness in her family and the call to be by a dying side had come the morning before. Sitting there, Joyann felt there was a certain pretence about the day, something more than those fleeting cynical moments any adult might feel from time to time. Whether borne of her sister-in-law’s strife or her own, the two unpleasant circumstances combined to give a surreal ambience, a sense of being an observer rather than participant.
Seemingly from nowhere and for no apparent reason, a sudden change of mood came over Joyann. It was so unexpected it was as if someone had reached into her brain and planted a thought: of course this day would feel good again. It was only a matter of time. In fact, next year would be entirely different. 
She smiled to herself. It was nice to feel her old, reasonable self fighting back, to have common sense tap her on the shoulder, however gently. After throwing a tantrum at the bird park, she’d been left wondering what sort of person she was turning into.
‘Have you heard from him?’ her mother asked. ‘Has he wished his son happy birthday?’
‘Christmas, Mama,’ Joyann said.
The correction was ignored. Joyann noticed her mother’s gaze slowly switching from her to her brother, as if trying to draw him into the conversation. His attention, however, was on his phone. 
‘Yes,’ Joyann eventually replied. ‘He called Lucas while we were on our way here.’
Her mother exhaled a small, sharp, dissatisfied breath through her nose; lips pursed.
Joyann was aware that the old woman had hoped to criticise Ethan, and feeling less defensive about the whole matter, added coolly, ‘It was a very short call.’
Her mother took the bait and pounced, and as she began moaning about Ethan’s low worth, Joyann found herself feeling less and less protective of her unsuccessful marriage. It felt extraordinary, for what she had feared to hear in fact came as an enormous relief.
‘Too vain. Vain and selfish,’ her mother continued, head nodding and eyes fixed as if she were talking to the tabletop.
Joyann listened without comment.
‘The first time I met him I knew. I said to myself this man is no good. He is too vain and selfish.’
 She talked on, and Joyann let her until her brother had finished whatever it was he was doing, and interrupted the old lady as if she were not speaking at all. ‘Let’s eat.’ He looked to his cut short mother and smiled, ‘Yes?’
‘Yes, let’s,’ Joyann agreed. ‘I am famished.’
With that, the three young cousins seated at the table leapt up with a small cheer.
As Joyann helped her mother to stand, she watched Lucas head off, more animated than he had been in a long time. She smiled. Last Christmas, she had spoken with him before he went to choose his food, insisting he first pick something healthy before indulging in the delicacies he most enjoyed. This year saw no room for instruction, or advice, since this year Joyann felt only relief at her son’s seemingly genuine good cheer. If he returned with a plate of lobster, jellied sweets and nothing else, it could not matter less.
Before selecting her own dishes, Joyann made sure her mother had everything she wanted and was safely settled back at the table with the children. The old woman had a penchant for Champagne, saying it reminded her of an American girl she’d become very good friends with around the time of Singapore’s independence. No one in the family had ever met this American, but all felt as if they knew her since she was spoken of so often. 
‘What happened to your American friend, Mama?’ Joyann asked, as a waiter filled her mother’s empty glass.
‘Mable?’
‘Yes.’
‘She died. Ten years ago.’
‘I was meaning before that.’
‘Before that? Before that, she lived.’ Her mother’s smile reached her eyes, as she sipped her drink.
Joyann chose not to pursue it. There was no scandal or wild story, she knew that much, and clearly her mother wanted a peaceful moment. She left her, chopsticks in hand dipping a dumpling into vinegar and shredded ginger.
Before walking away, Joyann’s gaze found its way to Lucas’ plate. He had indeed returned with lobster and a pile of jellied sweets, but also a pool of chocolate, beneath which rose a mysterious lump. She looked to the chocolate fountain, where one of his cousins was already refilling, stabbing strawberries with a short wooden skewer before immersing the sweet fruit in glossy brown liquid. 
‘I am very pleased to see you have taken a healthy option, Lucas.’ She laughed softly, and was thrilled to see him grinning back at her as he messily popped the strawberry into his mouth.
*
Norm and Verity were putting on their swim things, ready to spend the morning by the pool. The condo was quiet since many families were away.
‘Don’t you want to see anyone today?’ Verity asked, as she expertly wrapped her new turquoise silk sarong about herself. ‘I know there’s not the church service you’d prefer, but we usually see someone from the church on Christmas Day.’
‘No. I’d rather have a quiet one with you.’ 
‘Okay.’
Norm could feel his wife’s eyes lingering on him for a moment. Without even seeing her expression, he knew it was not the look she gave very occasionally that meant he might have to dig deep and muster up some manly interest. Rather, it was a silent question, though what that question was he couldn’t think.
Changed, Norm rolled up two beach towels and headed out. For whatever reason, their maid had not asked to go home for the festive season, and neither Norm nor Verity had thought to offer leave, since the question was normally asked by her and well in advance. When told to take the day off she had declined, so from the kitchen came the sound of busy hands and the aroma of roasting meat.
‘Norm? Is something wrong?’ asked Verity, trailing behind as she pushed pedicured feet into glittery flip-flops. ‘Don’t you like your present?’ 
In line with Norm’s parents’ shift to German tradition – since as a family it was in Germany they’d lived longest – gifts were given on Christmas Eve. Though his parents came from Christmas Day gift-giving stock, as did Verity with her Welsh background, still this other way of doing things persisted.
Norm turned to face her. ‘I love it.’ He fingered his new watch, a silver Rolex. He thought back to the night before. It had been a relaxing evening out for dinner, with easy talk of Christmas Eve’s gone by and the places they’d travelled together.
‘I hope so. It cost a bomb. But we can change it, if you like. I really don’t mind.’
‘I don’t want to change it.’ 
‘You’d tell me if something was wrong, wouldn’t you? And I don’t mean just the Christmas present.’
‘Of course.’ Norm found two sun loungers side by side, separated only by a small table sprouting a sunshade. He laid out the towels. ‘I’m fine. I always feel a little quiet on Christmas day. Doesn’t everyone?’
‘Do they? I don’t,’ she said, sitting down.
Norm put a hand on her bare shoulder, then leaned in and kissed her rosy cupid lips. ‘But you aren’t like other people, my love.’
‘Aren’t I now,’ she said, with a mock sternness. ‘And why would that be?’
‘You put up with me, for a start.’ Norm looked down at her squarely, fists resting on his hips. ‘You haven’t got a drink, Misses Sullivan. Let me get you one.’
‘It’s a bit early.’
‘It’s Christmas. What do you want?’
Verity lay back. ‘I’d like a glass of bubbly please, waiter.’
Norm pretended to write the order in the palm of his hand. ‘Anything else?’
‘Some nuts.’
He scribbled again, before heading back to the apartment and gathering what was needed. When he returned, it was to a surprised wife.
‘What’s that?’ she asked, pointing to the tray he was holding.
‘This? I thought I would pour myself a glass, too, though now I have it I doubt I will drink it. I just thought, what the hell.’
‘Norm?’
‘What? Live a little.’
‘Are you sure you’re okay?’
‘Never better.’
‘And what about that?’ She again pointed to the tray.
‘What?’ he said, pretending not to see the small gift he had placed there.
‘Norm! I’ve had my present already,’ she smoothed the fabric of her striking sarong, ‘and it’s absolutely gorgeous.’
Norm placed the tray on the table and plonked himself down on the edge of the lounger, facing his wife. He picked up the small gold wrapped parcel and gave it to her. ‘This is an extra. This is the gift that tells you how I feel about you, no matter what.’
‘You are a naughty boy. One gift each is what we agreed.’ Slowly, Verity peeled away the paper to reveal a dark velvet box marked Tiffany. She gasped even before opening it, for Tiffany was her favourite jeweller in Singapore. Pushing up the lid revealed a ring set with a single pink stone. 
‘Oh my God, Norman Sullivan! You shouldn’t have! It is so beautiful!’
‘It’s a pink sapphire. I thought the colour matched your eyes.’
 ‘Stop it!’ Verity laughed, her gaze leaving the ring only briefly.
 ‘It’s set in platinum. It’s a different cut than the diamond was on your engagement ring.’
‘Yes, wherever that ended up.’
‘Look. You see? It’s glassy, rather than sparkly. I thought it was interesting.’
‘You shouldn’t have.’
 ‘I should and I did. I am not an easy husband to have, Verity, but I do love you. Very much. I want you to know that.’ Norm took the box from his wife and carefully picked out the ring, before pushing it onto her plump smooth finger. ‘It’s an eternity ring.’
With an outstretched hand, she admired the gift before smiling at him, broadly. ‘We’re all right, aren’t we, you and me.’ There was no question asked.
‘We are,’ he agreed, gently.
Chapter 30
WITHOUT CAUTION
The room was vast. High walls held enormous pictures depicting peaceful scenes of lotus flowers and water, delicate grasses gently bowing in the breeze, sun streaked blue seas. The pictures were meant to be calming, Percy could see, and perhaps uplifting, but to him the imagery was incongruous, for they symbolised a peace far out of reach of all who walked below. Or so he assumed. The building was cavernous with marble floors that cooled tired feet, stone beautifully pale and polished, bringing light to a place that, only once you thought to look, proved to have no windows. Beneath the smooth veneer it was what it was, a police station.
With an unusual flicker of nostalgia, Percy’s mind settled momentarily on the memory of more British images, drawn from an incident long ago that he would rather forget, one that involved nakedness, cold, an upset stomach and a neighbour’s unread newspaper. Here, it seemed, was an emerging theme. Not his fault, of course. He thought of the dog-eared posters carelessly stuck to the police station walls depicting pointing policemen, scared children with vulnerable faces, and ragged looking burgled homes. He smiled a little. At least in a station like that, nothing would remind you of the better things life could offer.
Percy was sitting in a comfortably padded seat. Around him, people moved almost as if they were in the hush of a library, but none truly displayed the uneasiness a librarian’s eye could cast into one’s heart with the slightest glance for the slightest sound. These people were quiet, but not without confidence, because they knew what they were doing, had accepted their fate, or both. Either way, most would soon be making their way home or back to work. Percy, on the other hand, felt himself to be like the paintings: decidedly out of place. Not only that, he still felt the unnerving sense of insecurity that had been poked into life by the mysterious directive telling him that he should come here, the letter written in a very authoritative manner. When first he read it, Percy thought it must have something to do with immigration, but his own paranoia was forced to yield to the fact that even if something were wrong, it would not be the concern of the traffic police.
The summons had come as a shock. As he sat, ticket in hand, waiting for his number to appear on the digital screen, he pondered his situation. Never would he have believed he would end up in a police station in Singapore, and never would he have dreamed it might look like this. Everything anyone might need was at hand. Clean toilets, drinking water, useful magazines, even a tiny indoor hawker centre tucked around a corner.
Behind him was a thin white woman, make-up so thick it seemed to be all the substance she had. As she argued with an attendant, her husband supported her, both morally and physically, for the made-up face rested upon a frail body. She needed her driving license to get around, she hissed. She needed to come to one of the booths, the officer replied, politely.
Percy folded his arms and crossed his legs. It had been a long wait, and eavesdropping upon the problems of others was losing its attraction. Just then his number came up. Before he moved a single muscle, Sal rushed in.
‘Percy! I’m not too late am I? Haven’t missed anything?’ 
Flushed from rushing, Sal flapped the neck of her cotton shirt to cool off. As always, Percy could not help appreciating her form. How he missed those oracles. The fancy passed. He got to his feet with his guard firmly raised.
‘What are you doing here?’ he asked, coldly and not unreasonably.
‘Same thing you are. Have you seen anyone yet?’
Percy slowly revealed the ticket in his hand, ‘I’ve just been called…’
‘Come on then,’ she bustled, ‘in we go.’
Snatching the ticket, Sal scanned for the correct doorway and bundled Percy in the right direction.
He shrugged her off, ‘What’s going on?’
‘Don’t you know?’
‘No.’
‘You’re my witness, sort of.’
‘To what?’
Before she could answer, they were through the door, arriving at a desk behind which a uniformed police officer was sitting. He acknowledged them with a cheerful good afternoon, before returning his attention to the papers before him. Percy and Sal sat down.
‘Sal?’ whispered Percy.
She gestured for him to wait. 
As if having already read the situation through the top of his bowed head, the officer looked up. ‘Mister and Misses Field.’
‘Yes.’
‘Mister Field, do you know why you are here?’ The officer’s face showed no emotion.
Percy’s heart thumped. This was not the local nick; this was a police station in Singapore. They still had the death penalty. ‘No.’
‘I see. There is nothing to worry about, Mister Field,’ the officer continued, ‘and if you wish never to see your wife again, then you are free not to cooperate.’
Percy froze.
The officer’s face broke into a huge smile, and he roared with laughter. ‘So sorry! Just my little joke. Very funny, huh?’ He wiped a tear from his eye.
Percy caught Sal’s look of delight, and scowled.
The man before him was slight, with black hair perfectly groomed, his face smooth, verging on pretty. In his smart uniform he looked a little camp, a surprise then to be confronted by such a deep and hearty laugh.
 ‘You are separated from your wife, Mister Field?’
Percy nodded weakly. 
The officer tapped the pile of papers before him, ‘Misses Field was pulled over for a driving offence, Mister Field. When the officer processed her details it became clear there was an outstanding warrant.’
‘Sorry?’ 
 ‘Issued for her arrest.’
Percy gasped, and looked to his wife.
‘It’s okay,’ she said, ‘I’m fine. Sort of.’
Percy wrinkled his nose dismissively. He had not felt concern for Sal. She, after all, was the mother of all cows, proven by her marvellous udders. He was more concerned that, as her dependant, he might be ejected from the country. 
‘What this means, Mister Field, is that Misses Field… or rather the courts… require evidence from you.’
‘From me?’
‘Yes.’
‘What the officer is telling you Percy,’ added Sal, her tone less friendly than the officer’s, ‘is that because you did not forward my post, I did not receive either the initial fine, any reminders, or the summons to appear in court. Or, I might add, the notice declaring I should present myself to the nearest police station.’
‘Ah.’
‘Quite!’ she snapped.
‘There are a number of other issues that could be a matter of law, Mister Field. For instance, if you have deliberately disposed of another person’s mail?’
Percy felt his stomach lurch.
‘You haven’t thrown my post away, have you Percy?’ Sal cried, panicking.
‘Of course not,’ he lied, ‘I just haven’t been able to forward it.’ Percy took a moment before continuing, ‘After all, I don’t know where you live.’ A surge of triumph overwhelmed his guilt.
The officer looked to Sal.
‘I haven’t given him my address, it’s true. I thought I had taken care of the post and so on. Obviously not.’ Her focus shifted, ‘And I assumed you might call me if anything came, Percy.’
The officer leaned back in his chair, ‘Clearly you are separated. But I think the best chance of reprieve for you, Misses Field, is if Mister Field signs a statement declaring that you no longer live together, and stating that he has not sent your mail to you since… when?’
‘Sorry?’ Sal asked
‘Since when have you not received mail?’
‘Since I left,’ she said, sharply.
‘So sorry, I meant the actual date, Misses Field.’
Sal agreed to provide a date.
‘And will you cooperate, Mister Field? Will you sign the papers?’
Time slowed magically with the glorious beauty of the situation. Percy rubbed his chin thoughtfully. Agree and she would be indebted to him, even if, inadvertently, he were the cause of it all. Refuse, and she could end up in prison. In Changi. He smiled. It was a tough call. 
‘What will happen to my w… er… to Misses Field if it can’t be proved?’
‘Up to the judge.’
Percy continued to weigh things up.
‘Percy!’ wailed Sal. 
‘What?’
The officer placed his hands carefully on the papers, ‘Mister Field, I should remind you that the situation is serious.’ 
‘Percy!’ Sal hissed.
 ‘Steady Sal. It wasn’t me driving that car.’
‘Only because you’re too lazy to try driving here.’
‘Only because I would not be able afford a car in Singapore, even if I was prepared to put up with driving nose to tail whatever the speed.’
‘It’s not that bad.’
‘Yes it is. You told me you’d stopped indicating because it was giving the enemy a tactical advantage.’
Sal glanced at the officer, sheepishly. ‘Only because everyone always closes the gap.’
‘Well I still can’t drive here, Sal. I don’t want to and I can’t afford to. Some of us don’t have wealthy boyfriends. Do we?’ Percy darted a look to the officer, searching for support. He realised the startled man thought his sexuality was being questioned after, wide-eyed, he began adjusting his tie.
‘It’s my car, paid for by me!’ she protested.
‘What? What happened to the company car? Or have you got two? Maybe you have three, or four?’ Percy was talking rubbish, but it felt better than saying nothing, which at that precise moment was the only alternative.
Sal shook her head, looking at him with a sneering pity.
‘Mister Field?’ The officer encouraged.
‘Percy, I cannot believe you are thinking about whether or not you should do the right thing. How could you be so heartless?’ An expectant silence hovered briefly, before Sal continued, ‘Percy Field, if you do not help me...’
‘What? You’ll leave me? Run off with another man? Oh I forgot. You already have.’
Sal wrapped her arms around herself, tightly.
‘Mister Field, think carefully about the consequences if you refuse to cooperate. In the back of the station is a special cell. Only cockroaches leave.’
‘Very amusing,’ said Percy.
The officer glared, ‘Is it?’
Percy’s face fell.
The officer roared his deep laugh, ‘So sorry!’
‘For God’s sake, Percy. We’ll be here all day at this rate.’
Percy’s shoulders sagged in defeat, and he groaned a little. It was as if long trapped wind was seeking release, but the relief brought would be offset by the impending stink. 
‘Percy?’
‘Mister Field?’
‘Okay. Okay. I will sign a statement.’ 
‘Thank you. But you’d better do it, Percy. It’s the least you can do after all I have done for you.’
‘Like what? Leaving me?’ He held a finger to his lips thoughtfully. ‘Yes, I suppose that was a fairly big favour.’
Sal huffed irritably.
 ‘Listen, I have said that I will do it, so stop nagging.’ It had occurred to Percy that if Sal ended up in prison, he really might be put on the first flight home. Also, he sensed there were probably legal means to force his cooperation. ‘If I sign the statement, am I still required to present the letters?’
‘Yes,’ said the officer.
‘Right. Okay. I will try and find them.’
‘Try?’ Sal was exasperated.
‘Try,’ repeated Percy.
‘The letters are important, Mister Field. You will have to do better than try. Look,’ the officer reached into a drawer and pulled out an envelope, ‘they look like this. I think it would be better not to open anything. More evidence for the Judge; something to show the letters were never read by anyone. Okay?’
Percy wondered how long he would be able to spin it out, for no matter how hard he looked he would never find the letters. Singapore’s waste disposal department had surely incinerated that small handful of officialdom. Maybe the cool air they were sitting in was fuelled by the energy that burning paper had given.
‘Good. When you have them please bring them here. No need for an appointment, just call in and leave them with a colleague. Here is my card.’
‘Or give them to my wife to bring?’ Percy suggested, not seeing why he should inconvenience himself further. 
The officer nodded, before politely ending the meeting. As Percy and Sal stood to leave, he remarked, ‘You should meet my wife.’ The officer emphasised the word wife with an eye on Percy. ‘Very good woman. Your marriage is in trouble, she could be the one for you. Third person can help.’
Percy frowned, ‘Excuse me?’
‘Marriage counselling! She is excellent. Of course I have to say that, otherwise she will leave me!’
Percy was beginning to think this man was merely passing the time of day, his job nothing more than a means of collecting material for a comedy routine. He suspected that one day he might see the officer out of uniform, standing on stage at the Hollandse Club or British Club, killing the Comedy Club audience with his searing wit. Percy certainly would die.
The officer whisked another business card from his desk. ‘Here, maybe she can help you. Cannot, then you know you tried. Yeah?’
Sal smiled mournfully, ‘Thank you, but no. Trying is exactly the reason I left him.’
*
Percy marched away from the station.
‘Do you want a lift?’ 
‘With a known criminal? No thank you.’ Percy paused and turned to face his wife.
‘Fancy yourself as a comedian, too, Percy? Must be catching. So, do you or don’t you?’
‘I said no. Not with you.’
Sal took a slow breath. ‘Thanks for coming, Percy. I mean it. When shall I come and collect the letters? Seems only fair that I hand them in.’
‘Uh…’ Percy took a few steps back, clasping his fingers together and pushing his palms downwards, as if stretching out the muscles in his arms and shoulders.
Sal gasped. ‘Oh my God. That was a guilty stretch. Like when people are nervous.’
Percy said nothing, his interlocking fingers still clasped and dangling.
‘It was,’ Sal took a step closer, inspecting her estranged husband’s expression, ‘and you look guilty, Percy. For God’s sake, you haven’t got them, have you? I knew it!’
‘Uh. Of course I have got them. Come round at the weekend. Okay? You can have them then.’
Sal took a moment to deliver a hard glare. ‘Just make sure you’re in.’
‘And where would I be?’
‘I don’t know? Out with Norm?’
Percy turned away a little, and composed himself, setting aside the irritation. ‘Thanks for the offer of a lift, Sal. See you when you come for the letters.’
‘The weekend then?’ she confirmed, tone clearly voicing her doubt, ‘you’ll be there?’
‘Yep. See you. SMS me first.’
Crossing the road, Sal turned and cast an accusing eye over Percy, as if this cutting look might somehow uncover the truth.
Percy set off for the nearest bus stop, conscious of the perspiration on his shirt. It was guilty sweat, and Sal’s reproachful gaze had deepened the colour.
 On the way home, Percy thought about Norm’s consistent friendship, and the personal interest in Percy himself that a few of Norm’s acquaintances in the Discussion Group seemed to be taking, wondering then why Sal could not see in him what others did.
Chapter 31
THE RETURN OF JOYANN
‘No Meera tonight?’
‘Why are you asking me?’
Norm chuckled at Phrike’s response. ‘Because you spend so much time together.’
‘Do we?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh.’ Phrike sipped his beer. ‘As far as I know she isn’t coming. She’s probably working. I expect she’ll make the next meeting.’
It was a balmy evening and Norm and Phrike were sitting together in the Polo Club, seats close to the edge of the veranda overlooking the now dark pitch. Despite taking up too much space on the previous occasion, the group had been permitted to come back providing numbers were reduced. Since many people were still away for Christmas and New Year, only ten members had replied to say they might come. The women who normally organised things were absent, and it was looking to be a meeting consisting of just two, when Joyann arrived.
She had been delayed because Lucas had at last been taken out for the day by his father, but was very late returning. The maid had told her to go, promising to call when he got home, but Joyann felt unable to do anything except fret until her son was safely back. There was never any question of Ethan keeping Lucas from her, for Joyann felt he had made it plain his priority lay with his new life and Sal, but she wanted Lucas back where he should be. With her. He had eventually turned up bursting with tales of Universal Studios and the incredible rides he’d been on, clutching a carrier bag filled with souvenirs. Joyann had been told they were going to the beach. After successfully hiding her irritation from Lucas, she’d gone out feeling anything but relaxed.
On walking into the seating area of the club, it was with some relief she spotted Norm and Phrike, because for a few moments she’d thought it was either the wrong night or the whole Discussion Group had moved on somewhere else without telling her.
‘Goodness. Where is everyone?’ she said.
‘Quiet isn’t it.’ Phrike replied.
‘No Meera?’ Joyann asked him.
Phrike shook his head, but with a strange look that she couldn’t quite read.
‘I’ve got a pitcher of lime and fizzy water. Would you like some?’
‘Thank you, Norman, but no, I shall order a drink in a moment. Are you well, Phrike?’ she asked, in response to his continued silence.
‘He thinks it’s strange for you to ask him about Meera,’ stated Norm.
 ‘Oh? Well, I am going to ask him about someone else, also. Is Percy coming?’
It was Norm who replied. ‘He said he was.’
‘Is that a new watch, Norman?’ Having noticed his face brighten considerably at the mention of Percy’s name, Joyann wanted to move his attention on. Norm was prone to swing between quiet blushes and effusive remarks when talking about Percy, and since she was feeling near the end of her patience with everyone, she thought it safest to change the subject.
He looked at his wrist, and talked about his Christmas and the ring he had given his wife. Joyann wondered, as he spoke, how it was a man could so ably live two lives. Not as Ethan had done, for many men and women have that kind of double life. It was more how Norm managed to be a husband to Verity when his adoration for Percy seemed insuppressibly strong. But had she misread him? Had she assumed him to be one thing while he was in fact another? Worse, had she fallen into the same trap as the rest of the world and thought to define someone by sexuality when in fact it didn’t matter. Maybe his feelings for Percy weren’t to do with sex, anyway. Then again, maybe they were. Who cared?
‘What shall we talk about?’ asked Norm. ‘You seem to be deep in thought, Joyann. Maybe we could begin there?’
She started, until that moment unaware that her thoughts were not passing but had been holding her attention. ‘We could forget formal discussion for tonight and relax, since we are only three,’ she said. ‘I need a glass of something cold and probably quite strong. A cocktail, perhaps.’
Phrike raised a hand and summoned a waiter. As he did so Percy appeared.
‘Good evening, Percy,’ Joyann said.
‘Is this it?’ he asked, sitting down.
‘It certainly looks that way,’ Joyann took the cocktail menu offered. ‘We should have started forty-five minutes ago, so I think we are probably all there will be this evening. This reminds me of our first meeting in The Bean. Do you remember? Except you, Phrike. You must sit on the other side of that big plant pot over there.’ She flipped open the menu, and while the waiter asked everyone else what they wanted, Joyann scanned the pages before choosing a gin and tonic.
‘That’s not very exciting,’ Phrike commented.
‘I do not want exciting. I want long cold and strong. Make it a double.’
‘You okay?’ asked Norm. ‘You seem…’
‘What do I seem?’
‘Weird.’
‘Weird?’
‘Yes. Weird. Not yourself. A little odd.’
‘Odder than meeting up with men I did not know in order to start a Discussion Group?’
‘You knew me,’ defended Norm.
‘You were a customer I knew, that is true. But my point is that I am perfectly fine.’
Percy leaned back in his chair. ‘You never drink cocktails.’
‘And how would you know that?’
He shook his head. ‘I don’t.’
‘Exactly. So when we all have our drinks I propose we make a toast to change. New friends, new situations, new lives.’ She turned her attention to Norm. ‘And, of course, existing lives. Why it is that I am sitting here with three foreign men, soon to be divorced, with a new store opening, I do not…’
‘A new store?’ interrupted Norm, clearly interested.
‘Yes. A dog boutique, Norman. Just for you.’ She began again, ‘Why I am sitting here with three foreign men, soon to be divorced, with a new store opening, I do not know.’ Her gaze fell on Percy, ‘But what I do know is it all started with you, Mister Percy Field.’
‘Me?’
‘You.’
‘But you just said you knew Norm already.’
‘As an acquaintance. Through you he has become a friend. Through him I have thought to move into dog clothes. Through you I have lost my husband, through that I am free.’
‘Blame my wife, not me.’
‘And,’ she added, ‘it is through you that we have this very successful Discussion Group.’
‘It was your idea. Your grandmother’s.’
‘But I only saw it through because I met you. Because you were looking for something, Percy, and I thought I could help.’
‘Lots of throughs, Joyann. And me?’ asked Phrike.
‘You should go through there and sit on the other side of that plant pot. I told you.’
He laughed. ‘Well, we all have our drinks now, so cheers.’
‘Cheers,’ Joyann said, thinking that she might have let herself go rather too much, even before the gin.
Chapter 32
LETTERS
When Percy finally passed the guardhouse to his complex, some forty minutes late for his meeting with Sal, he saw in the distance the figure of the boy from next-door lingering on the steps to his house. Drawing closer he noticed the bald guinea pig cradled in his arms.
‘Hello, Uncle Percy,’ the boy greeted, cheerfully, when Percy reached him. 
‘Hello, boy.’
The boy shifted an arm, and in doing so angled the animal’s naked face towards Percy, the few hairs ripped from its nose now grown back. ‘Hello, Uncle Percy,’ the boy squeaked, through pursed lips.
 Percy rolled his eyes.
‘Dad says we have to call him Kojak.’
Grudgingly, Percy took up the conversation, ‘Yes, so I hear. Not a girl then?’
‘No. She’s a boy,’ came the bright reply.
Percy stepped a little closer and lifted the animal’s backside. ‘How can you tell? I can’t see any balls.’
The boy laughed. ‘They’re not obvious.’
‘This is a girl.’
‘It isn’t.’
‘It is.’
‘It isn’t.’
The boy scowled. ‘I don’t want it to be a girl.
‘Fair enough.’
Making Kojak comfortable in his arms once more, the boy changed the subject. ‘My friend says you are God. Are You?’
‘You know how to ask a question, don’t you?’
‘Are you?’
‘No.’
‘Are you sure? Only Johnny knows quite a lot of things. More than me.’
‘I am certain of it.’ Percy was about to skirt around the boy, but a glance through the slats in the wooden gate revealed Sal waiting inside the house. It couldn’t hurt to delay a little further. 
‘And my dad said he heard you talking about a group of people who meet up and talk about things. He said that you seemed to think you were God, too.’
‘What?’
‘Or someone said something about someone saying something about God?’
‘Son of God?’
‘Yeah. Maybe, Uncle Percy,’ came the squeaked reply.
‘How did he hear this?’ Percy found himself momentarily addressing the guinea pig.
The boy nodded to the house. ‘Your windows are open all the time. Everyone can hear you. It’s true that you’re part of some club, isn’t it?’
‘I’m part of a group of people who discuss…’
‘I’ve got to go in now,’ the boy interrupted. ‘I’ll tell Johnny what you said.’
Willing interest rebuffed and play-for-time foiled, Percy grumbled to himself before easing open the gate. A thunderous face turned his way. It didn’t seem fair that after all he’d been through he still had to put up with this kind of crap. A man condemned, Percy pushed his shoulders back, stood straight and opened the glass doors, braced for the onslaught.
‘And where have you been, Percy Field? You’re late! I’ve been calling you.’
‘My phone was off. I see you let yourself in.’
‘Actually, Mila dropped by to borrow the iron and she let me in. Although I do still have a key; after all, it is my company that pays the rent.’
‘Not your company,’ Percy corrected. ‘The company which employs you, the company that brought us here. Oh no, I forgot, it wasn’t the company, it was your boyfriend.’
‘I have no idea what you are talking about,’ she snapped.
‘I think you do.’
‘I think I don’t.’
‘I don’t believe you,’ said Percy, calmly passing Sal and heading for the kitchen. ‘Water?’
‘No.’
Percy pressed a glass to the automatic chilled water-filler on the fridge. ‘Sal, you and I both know that we only came out here so you could be closer to… to… Ethan.’ He said the name as if it were poison in his mouth.
‘Utter rubbish.’
‘Is it? So you decided to leave me, your husband of many years, for a man you’d just met? Bit like when I first met you, isn’t it?’ 
Sal was silenced, but not for long. ‘It is because of you that I left, Percy, not because of Ethan.’
‘No denial, I see. So it is true?’
‘Just give me the letters.’
‘Not until you answer the question.’
‘I am not accountable to you, Percy Field!’
Percy realised he had accidentally stumbled upon a way of accessing the facts. ‘You tell me the truth, I’ll give you the letters,’ he said, coldly. ‘Simple.’
Sal’s face tightened. ‘Is that so?’
‘It’s the price. Hardly much to ask.’
‘Who in the hell do you think you are?’
Percy shrugged, ‘Give me the truth, I will give you the letters.’
‘Blackmail from the man who thinks he’s above the law? Oh yes, Percy, I know all about it. I’ve heard how big your group has become. Ethan thinks you should be more careful. You won’t get away with it forever, not here.’
He laughed. ‘“Get away” with what? I haven’t broken any laws. We’re very careful not to, as you well know. And it’s not my group.’
‘I am mystified by it all,’ Sal’s voice calmed fractionally, ‘what has happened to you, Percy? It is so unlike you to enjoy being part of something. Why couldn’t you have been more like it for me? Why did I have to suffer the sour recluse?’ She sighed, wearily. ‘You’ve changed.’
‘Maybe someone I loved and trusted uprooted my life so she could fuck her boyfriend more often. That kind of thing can change you, if you are sensitive.’
‘You can be such a pig, you know that?’
‘Better a pig than a fucking bitch. If you’ll excuse the pun.’ Percy smiled.
‘You have no idea what it was like living with you, do you? You’re not normal, Percy. You made my life unbearable. You gripe and moan and nitpick constantly about everyone you come across. You think it’s funny – I thought it was funny – but it’s not. It’s just sad.’
Untouched, Percy drank down the icy water. ‘Tell me everything that happened, when it started, how it started… everything… and I will give you your letters. I told you, it’s simple.’
‘Why? Why do you want to know? Has there not been enough hurt already?’
‘Clearly not.’ 
Outside, hanging on the gate, Percy could see his young neighbour peering at them. From the way his small fingers gripped the slats, hooking him like a monkey, it was clear the boy had returned Kojak to his cage. Percy waved him away, but misunderstanding the gesture, the boy waved back, opened the gate and knocked on the still open glass door.
‘What?’ Percy snapped.
‘Sorry. Dad says can you stop shouting. Everyone can hear you. And if you have to speak that loud to be heard, then maybe you are not the Son of God after all. He also said something about being a son of a …’
‘Okay!’ Percy interrupted. ‘Off you go.’ He was startled. Clearly Norm had been here, talking with the neighbours. 
‘You swimming later?’
‘What?’
The boy’s eyes were wide, ‘You swimming later?’
‘Maybe, why?’
‘Dad wants to see you walk on water.’
Percy shut the door without further discussion, and turned his attention back to Sal. ‘What I don’t understand is why you won’t tell me the truth. What are you afraid of? I assume you are ashamed of yourself. But whatever you did is done, so why hide it from me? Aren’t I entitled to know?’
Sal shook her head. ‘I’m trying to be patient with you, Percy. I didn’t plan to set about divorcing you just when you were trying to settle here, if that’s what you are doing, but I am divorcing you and so you need to sort yourself out. You need to decide what the hell you want next. Really Percy, I am trying to do the right thing for us both.’ She paused. ‘I know I hurt you.’
‘You did.’ 
The mutual words of admission altered the atmosphere. Percy could feel Sal’s tension lessen, and with it his own.
‘I just want to make things better,’ she said, quietly. ‘Have you found somewhere else to live yet?’
‘No. And the constant stream of prospective tenants for this place is a pain.’
‘It can’t be helped.’
Percy wanted to say that it could have been avoided, had they stayed together. He chose to be silent.
‘You are going to have to find somewhere else, Percy, and soon. And find a job, or you’ll have to go back to England.’
‘When I need advice I’ll ask for it.’
‘Not advice Percy, just a few facts. You can’t keep burying your head in the sand.’ 
He watched Sal smooth back her blond hair. Her tanned face was as flawless as ever, but even less expressive. ‘Have you had more surgery or something? You look weird.’
‘Dear God, and you wonder why I left you.’
‘You look like a Barbie Doll.’ With this remark Sal’s eyes seemed to brighten fractionally, so he added, ‘with less expression. More like a Barbie that has been dipped in boiling gravy.’
Never one to crumble under personal attack, his wife’s voice was steely, ‘You are a cruel man, Percy Field.’
‘Just flesh and blood, rather than silicon and Botox.’
‘Do you hate me so much?’
‘Yes.’
‘Just for a moment I thought we were getting somewhere,’ she said, ‘making some progress. Actually talking.’
Percy was bewildered, ‘we are talking. What do you think we’re doing?’
‘I think we’re not getting anywhere like this. It is perfectly simple, Percy. Find a job and find an apartment or go back to England, but whatever you do… and I really don’t care which… I am divorcing you. Now, I am going, so we both can get on with our day.’
Percy refilled his glass. ‘Don’t you want the letters? All you have to do is admit how long you have been with Ethan, that’s all.’
‘You are such an arsehole, Percy. Mila gave me the letters already.’
His jaw dropped.
 She smiled victoriously. ‘Yes. I know you threw them away. She took them from the bin and kept them for me.’
‘So why the charade?’
‘To see what depths you are capable of sinking to, and the word low does not do it justice.’
*
Percy knew that Sal had spoken more than one truth that morning, but the most worrying reality was the fact that he really would have to decide if he was to stay or to go. Singapore was a place he now liked, with a life he had come to enjoy. England was of the past, of some other time. It was someone else’s life, a person gone. 
Standing on the bedroom balcony, Percy pushed his fingers into his hair; brown temples greying freely since leaving England. He cradled his fingers across the back of his head and stared out into the night. The softness of the air was like a smooth linen sheet replacing the thick warm blanket of day. Somewhere, in the patch of jungle before him, lowing bullfrogs gave a steady deep bass to the trill and constant chorus of their relatives, while a thousand crickets chirped like the rattling of so many maracas. A single woodwind call gave rhythm to it all. As always, bats raced between street lamps whipping insects from the air, while huge moths fluttered and pale geckos pounced. Snakes prowled invisibly. 
Slumping a little, hands falling to his sides, Percy wondered how he would survive without it all.
But pride lifted his chin.
Watching and listening to the natural world thriving within the environs of the city, Percy decided that choices were not something to be made. He ignored the irony of choosing not to make a choice, of course. It was better sometimes, he thought, to let events unfold and with it discover your fate. All the animals before him might have moved on the moment the concrete started pouring, but instead they rose up and found a place.  
EPILOGUE 
‘Pass the bottle please, dear.’
Norm picked up the bottle of white wine for his elderly friend, feeling the condensation run over his fingers. ‘Might be getting a little warm. Shall I put it back in the fridge, Hester?’
Hester smiled and said the maid would do it. Once called, the maid came and took the bottle while Norm looked about himself, satisfied.
He was sitting on the veranda of an old house, a black and white, something of a lavish relic from Singapore’s British colonial days. When he’d first arrived, he’d shown his appreciation of the place, and Hester had offered a brief tour, saying it was larger than many of the black and white houses that remained. As she walked slowly from room to room, she’d explained that many fell into ruin and were demolished before being protected, and since Chinese superstition associated black with death and white loosely with heaven, expats were the only ones keen to live in those that remained. This was how it used to be, she’d gone on to say, as if suggesting superstition were a fluid thing.
‘Most people in Singapore are Chinese, you see, not Malay. Though a lot of the big money is Indonesian.’
‘Do they buy these houses? Rent them, I mean.’
Hester had said no with gusto. ‘They prefer something far grander than this.’
‘It’s lovely.’
 ‘We can’t buy it, though I would if I could,’ Hester had added, wistfully. ‘The government owns it. It owns most of them now. Hence the high rent they know foreign companies will pay.’
‘You’ve lived in this house a while?’
‘A very long time indeed, Norman. Despite the rent rises. Probably almost as long as you have been alive.’ She smiled, eyes twinkling.
Norm smiled back, ‘You flatter me.’
Hester grinned and shrugged, as if to say, okay, but you know what I mean.
As they’d passed an open window, he’d looked into the garden with its large grassy lawns edged with dense shrubbery. ‘Snakes?’ It was an obvious question to ask of such a vast green space.
‘Plenty.’
‘We both know a man who’d love that. And the woman who’d hate it.’
‘I suppose you mean Joyann Tan. I think nothing of it anymore. The gardener sees them off. 
‘I have none now, not for years, but I used to have dogs that enjoyed hunting and catching snakes. Both were terriers. I didn’t have them at the same time, but they had remarkably similar temperaments. It was almost as if one was the reincarnation of the other. I simply couldn’t stop either once they’d caught the scent. Berty and Beetle. Unfortunately, it took only one failure for each dog to end its game. High odds, but perhaps the fun was worth it.’
 ‘How awful. I love dogs.’
‘I know you do, dear. Cocoa is a delight. But animals will be animals. Fun is fun, Norman. Fun is fun.’
Sitting on the veranda, watching her sip wine whilst enjoying his own drink, young coconut milk sucked through a long straw, Norm felt very pleased to have found Hester. She and a close friend of hers whom Norm also liked were both members of the Discussion Group. Increasingly frank conversations had revealed they both felt as Norm did, that in Percy Field there was something far greater than the man presented. On learning this, Norm hadn’t felt the envy Verity’s admiration had stirred, only a rushing sense of relief.
To be continued… 
###
About the author
Life has so many possible outcomes. From the simple question what if? a thousand stories can evolve. This is how novelist, Barbara Jaques, finds inspiration, through questions of coincidence, uncertainty, superstition and faith.
Born in a tiny town in Alberta to wandering parents before their return to Bristol, Barbara has also wandered a little, although is now settled in Wiltshire with her family, close to her childhood home.
Barbara is also the author of:
The Last Tiger (Novel) 
Love of Grace & Angels (Novel)
Nathaniel’s Waiting Room (Novel) 
The Front Door (Short Story)
Baggy (Short Story)
Sterling Close (Short Story)
Anita Smith (Short Story)
Waste of Space (Short Story)
The Ring (Short Story)
West of Eden (Short Story)
If you want to receive an automatic email when Barbara’s next book is released, sign up  at www.barbarajaques.co.uk. You will only be contacted when a new book is released, your email address will never be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.
If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review at the bookstore you bought this book from. You don’t have to write much, even a line or two would be a massive help.

SPECIAL THANKS
There are always many people to thank when you stop and think about it, and as ever I am very grateful for the wonderful support I receive. Two I must highlight for help with this book are my brother Ken and my good friend Justine. Also, Noeline Keiser, for those extras that cannot fail to improve the whole.
And to my editor Moz. Well, what can I say? Thank goodness one of us has a brain. That’s you, Moz, by the way.
Barbara’s website: www.barbarajaques.co.uk
Contacts:
Editor: moz-walls61@outlook.com
Copyeditor: lydiadavispublishing@gmail.com
E-book formatting: www.elizabethfreemanweb.com

