Percy's Progress
The Cult of Following
Book Two
Barbara Jaques



Editor: Moz Walls
Copy Editor: Lydia Davis
Cover: Ed Knox
Formatting: Elizabeth Freeman



First edition published April 2017
Copyright © 2017 Barbara Jaques

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
1. FIVE CARD FLUSH
2. PERCY
3. THE DISCUSSION GROUP
4. POOLSIDE
5. FUELLED BY HAM CHIM PENG
6. TONIGHT'S TOPIC
7. HAW PAR VILLA. AGAIN
8. CULTIVATING
9. SUNGEI BULOH
10. TRUDY
11. PATTING THE EXPATRIATE
12. NORM
13. CREATIVITY
14. EYE OF THE DAY
15. JOYANN'S DOGGY DELIGHTS
16. HESTER'S CREATIVITY
17. A MEN
18. WHEN THE BLANKET IS LONG ENOUGH
19. FOREVER YOUNG
20. UNTIL DEATH
21. AND THEN THERE WERE MANY
22. SAVE ME
23. THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS
24. PARTISAN
25. THE TEMPLE ROOM
26. PERCY
27. JOYANN MEETS THE BOY
28. ART'S SISTER
29. CRAYFISH TAKES ON CRAB
30. THANK GOD

EPILOGUE. THE BIGGEST MIRACLE

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

SPECIAL THANKS
1. FIVE CARD FLUSH
Percy Field sighed. What was apparent to everyone was that he was bored of Norm asking them all to repeat the rules. ‘We’re not placing bets,’ he said for the fourth time, ‘just winning hands.’
‘But what about the dealer? What does the dealer do?’
‘Everyone is dealt a hand of seven cards, and after that, the game begins.’
Norman Sullivan’s focus shifted from studying the remainder of the pack in his hand, to meeting his hero’s weary gaze. ‘So it’s the same for the dealer?’ he asked, shuffling his chair closer to the table and away from the edge of the swimming pool. Though it was after dark, two young families were playing a game that occasionally sent plumes of water everywhere.
‘Precisely what I am saying, Norm; it’s the same for the dealer. You deal, just as you have, then you join the game like any other player.’ Scowling now, Percy’s sour gaze briefly visited the faces of others sitting around the table, shadowy in the low light.
‘That’s it?’
‘For Christ’s sake, yes! Exactly like life, Norm, a random deal then off you go. Except life is harder than Rummy.’
‘You’re saying that life’s a game and a tough one?’
The frown deepened.
Norm watched as Percy began organising his cards into some kind of order. ‘Is that what you’re saying, Percy?’ he pressed.
 Without raising his gaze, Percy responded to Norm’s repeated question with barely a grunt. 
‘I like that,’ Norm declared, brightly, ‘we’re dealt a random hand and have to make the most of it.’
Percy silently slipped his cards into different positions, within the fan pinched between his fingers, visibly assessing and reassessing his hand.
Norm enjoyed the pleasant sensation flooding across his chest, as if the warm hands of the God he had always loved were caressing him. He considered that in his own morose way, Percy so often picked truth from circumstance, drawing metaphors that helped others rationalise the difficulties of life. He did it succinctly and with total confidence, Norm felt, brushing aside the frivolity of discussion. At that moment, with good friends gathered around the lovely pool that served his welcoming condo, playing cards – something he never dreamed he ever would – Norm felt change leaning upon him like never before. 
While he’d been thinking, the game had begun and his turn had come.
‘Norm,’ Percy prompted.
‘Hmm?’
Percy nodded to Norm’s hand.
‘Oh. Oh, hang on. One more moment. I haven’t worked out what to put down… so I need… what was it? Oh, I have it. A five card flush?’
‘That is the wrong game, Norman,’ came the patient voice of Joyann Tan. ‘We have moved on to something simpler.’ She smiled kindly, pretty brown eyes twinkling. ‘Perhaps if we take a short break, to refresh our glasses or use your bathroom, you might permit me to explain it again for you? Okay?’
Norm nodded in agreement, ‘But I feel a fool,’ he said, dully, ‘it’s probably very straightforward.’
‘It is,’ interjected Percy.
Joyann admonished him, ‘Percy, anything is straightforward once you know how.’
Without replying, Percy left the table and stretched his legs, reaching for a wine bottle as he did so. 
Norm remained seated, waiting for Joyann to begin, wondering if it was the Singaporean way to offer such gentle patience, or simply the person she was.
‘May I look at your cards?’ she asked. ‘That way I might better demonstrate my meaning.’ She paused thoughtfully. ‘Actually, no; we can use mine, then you will be able to play your own cards as you see fit.’
*
The card session had begun shortly before dark. It had been arranged for some time and hung over Norm as a guilty cloud. Though his faith was loosening at the seams, he wasn’t entirely comfortable engaging in what he had been raised to believe was a sinful pleasure. In some ways, rather than freeing him, his growing doubt of the Mormon faith was making his approach to life all the more difficult. There was no longer a clear-cut division between behaving sinfully and acting piously, just a fuzzy non-choice that felt entirely alien. Being one thing or another had been easier. But it was too late, because Norm had discovered already that temptation was a key in a lock turning in one direction, and one direction only.
In essence, temptation might be considered to have no variants, representing a single state: desire. Whether carnal desire or desire for guidance from a higher being, the longing for something more is the same. But in the unforgiving actuality of real life, temptation comes in many shapes and sizes. The temptation to which Norm was succumbing, however, was straightforward: to shake off the poorly justified rules which had always bound him.
Avoiding the dangerously fuzzy middle ground was something Norm had always done but never before viewed it that way. His private life had witnessed a precise choice between sin and piety, Norm regarding any slip into fantasy as a reminder of the importance of spiritual strength. As a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, he didn’t meet and marry his wife – all the while burying the fact of his homosexuality – expecting anything other than for his character to grow in strength.
Norm’s wife, Verity, had shown little patience for the guilt that he felt over the card game, saying, ‘For goodness sake, why would playing cards be a sin? What God would look down upon Man and choose to deny him Snap? What next, Top Trumps?’
He’d been hurt by this, because she had chosen to mock the one game that meant something to him. He had played Snap secretly as a child, with a non-Mormon friend, until they’d been caught by Norm’s mother who’d told her weeping son that Snap really wasn’t all that sinful, providing he didn’t try to win. Snap lost its pleasure, and Norm his one childhood vice. The subject of the card evening was soon dropped in the Sullivan household, Verity bored by Norm’s angst and he by her flippancy. He carried the uncomfortable feeling privately, the sense that even intention made him somehow dirty, until the card evening was upon him. Much to his surprise, he discovered that any sin present was not easily detectable.
‘So you enjoyed it?’ Verity asked, once the final guests had gone and she’d hefted her large frame onto a breakfast-bar stool. She sipped prosecco, while watching Norm make herbal tea.
‘It was fun. Nothing like I imagined and not as hard as it first seemed.’
‘So you won’t be struck down tonight then?’ It was said softly, kindly, as if Verity was apologising for her Snap remark.
Norm smiled. ‘Honestly, I don’t know why I was so bothered. No one played for money and no one seemed very interested in winning. In fact, they were more excited when I won something than when they did.’
‘Even Percy?’
‘Especially Percy; he seemed very happy every time I made my choice and put down my cards, or picked some up, or whatever. It’s so hard to choose what to do at first. Anyway, it was nice.’
Verity asked Norm to top up her drink. He obliged. ‘When are you seeing him next?’ she asked.
‘Percy?’
‘Yes.’
‘We’ve a Discussion Group meeting on Monday.’ He took a moment before continuing; knowing he did not mean the invitation he felt obliged to make. ‘If you’re around, you could join us.’
‘That’s so sweet of you, Norman, but no. I’m away, and as I told Percy, I’d never be a reliable member.’
‘You and Percy talked about you joining The Discussion Group?’
‘Only in passing.’ She paused, inspecting Norm’s expression. ‘Don’t worry; it’s your thing. I won’t tread on your toes. But why not invite some of them here for dinner one night? They’re a nice bunch, and though I don’t want to join the group, I quite enjoy their company.’
Norm was unsure what to say. He knew she got on well with them all, particularly Percy, and so it could be a fun evening. But something niggled, jealousy perhaps; or a sense that he’d be losing control of the only thing in his life not influenced by his wife.
‘Up to you,’ she smiled, carefully sliding from the stool and heading for a sofa. Gathering her long skirt, she sat down and curled up. ‘I’ll be in Jakarta all week, but then I’m around for a while. Organise it, if you’d like to. Sounds like your card evening was a great success, so I’m sure they’ll be keen for a nice supper.’
‘Cards weren’t my idea. That was Percy.’
Verity laughed, knowingly.
‘What?’
‘What do you think? He’s a naughty man, is all.’ The huskiness of Verity’s soft welsh accent made her sound seductive.
Hoping this was not how she was feeling, Norm took his tea and settled on the sofa beside her, feeling her toes moving beneath his leg. He sensed her looking. 
‘What?’ he asked again, trying not to smile at his wife and her apparently amorous mood. It wasn’t something he would choose, but he enjoyed her interest; he liked to think he and she made a good team as husband and wife.
Verity smiled back, her beautiful face glowing. She wiggled her toes again, the movement shifting the fabric of his shorts to touch his bare leg. She laughed, her hand reaching for his.
Norm put down his tea and with an indulgent smile, braced himself. 
2. PERCY
Percy threw his keys into the chair and made for the kitchen, where he drew a glass of chilled water.
As he passed by the wastepaper bin, he observed it had again been put back into the sitting room, which meant the maid, Mila, had been to clean at some point that day. He visualised her big face and shuddered, thinking then of his new nickname for her: The Kraken.
While glugging the icy drink, he returned to the sitting room and moved the bin back to his preferred location near the stairs. By his reckoning, this was counter manoeuvre number fifty. He may have to kill The Kraken, he thought, before deciding he couldn’t risk it. He’d have to leave that particular job to Godzilla. Percy smiled as he thought; was Godzilla his own wife? Was Sal a giant lizard-gorilla-like creature wreaking havoc wherever she went? No, she only wreaked havoc in Percy’s life, and since she’d filed for divorce he supposed she wouldn’t be wreaking havoc too much longer. Besides, Godzilla was the good guy, and Sal wasn’t. Or was he? Percy realised with great satisfaction that Godzilla would turn on his allies without a second thought, meaning Sal and the great beast were exactly alike.
 The gathering at Norm’s had finished reasonably early. Percy wasn’t ready for his evening to end, so after finishing his water he opened the fridge and took out a bottle of Tiger beer. Cap removed, he pushed open the sliding glass door separating the dining room and back balcony, before sitting down outside to enjoy the peace. Though hot, the air felt soft, and with a sigh of satisfaction, Percy put his feet up on the small concrete-top table that he and Sal had got from a local manufacturer.
They’d bought it much reduced in a sale, without noticing the sag in the middle, a depression filling with water every time it rained. There was water in it now, he observed, and so Percy made sure to keep his feet to one side. He would have to clear it off, and felt a little miffed that The Kraken hadn’t done it earlier. Some government department or another, known to Percy only as the Mozzie Police, had already ticked him off about standing water. They’d turned up unannounced, as was their directive, and gained access to the property by right. The two men easily spotted the pool of water, and began a fingertip search of all small spaces where water might collect. After the two had satisfied themselves that Percy’s table was the only offence, all three stood staring at the little pool, teeming with life; more specifically, heaving with mosquito larvae. The table was tipped and the water poured off. After receiving friendly advice, Percy was issued with a warning. Sometime later, the inspectors returned to check that everything was still in order, which it was. 
But Percy always worried they would come back. As time trundled on, so it seemed to drag complacency with it, and increasingly the little pool was left full. It wasn’t that he wanted mosquitoes, far from it. Percy appreciated Singapore’s status as malaria-free thanks to previous efforts made. He also understood that the presence of dengue fever in its various forms was a real threat. Sal’s many lectures on all things Singapore had made this very clear. But the fact was, he couldn’t be bothered clearing the water after every downpour, because the storms came so frequently. And, he’d noticed, often the pooled water was displaced by heavy rain, in any case, which, he decided, meant the resulting puddle was fresh and therefore free from larvae.
The table would have to go, he decided, not for the first time.
He took a long slug of beer and thought about the evening at Norm’s. It was painful. Norm wrestling with the rules was bad enough, but watching him decide which cards to play was like watching a lump of meat choosing which shoes to wear. Still, Percy was forced to admit Norm’s persistence had to be admired. Eventually, even he, Percy, had stopped himself sighing in frustration and allowed Norm extra time. A few kicks under the table from Joyann had aided this decision, of course. Afterwards, Joyann had said that he’d been cruelly sarcastic the whole evening, but Percy couldn’t agree. For the occasional round, he’d even been encouraging, but then it wasn’t difficult to sound pleased when Norm actually managed to play something.
By choosing to extend his evening, Percy had not intended to ponder anything other than the beer in his hand, nevertheless, as he sat and thought, so he found himself contemplating some of the others playing cards. There were five in total. Himself, Joyann, Norm, and two women that Norm seemed very keen for Percy to know.
The younger one reminded him of Sal, for she clearly shared a love of surgery and Botox, having achieved the standard face of most women pursuing an extension of youth. Her name was Trudy, which jarred with Percy because this was the name of his mother, a practical woman whose idea of plastic surgery was nothing more extensive than using super glue to fix her frequent vegetable-knife cuts. She’d learned through a radio broadcast of its surgical origins and from then on fully embraced it. As far as Percy knew, she would have glued on her own severed arm, given half a chance.
This Trudy – his Trudy – known as Gertrude only until she carried the influence of an adult, bore a bright and expressive face, a smiley woman who found humour in everything, including her son. Norm’s Trudy was not nearly the same. Her manner spoke of insecurity, and in messing about with her face she had achieved only that which others of her kind had also managed, a fixed expression that Percy felt could only ever be manmade: one of impassive shock.
Trudy had looked at him a lot, Percy recalled. He’d caught her eye so many times he had stopped looking up. She had come across as a quiet sort of woman, but Percy wondered if in fact she simply struggled to communicate physically. To create a face not displaying any emotion, at least not without a good deal of cranking and groaning, seemed to be a kind of sabotage. Trudy was deliberately crippling her chances of ever being understood, which for Percy meant no one should pity her. However, she’d made one hell of a poker player, and thrashed every one of them hands down, including the older lady named Hester.
Hester, for her part, had proven mildly entertaining but nothing more, and as Percy contemplated, so his mind moved on to one who was not playing cards. Verity.
He’d been disappointed to find she wouldn’t be joining them, especially since she was not away but sitting inside the apartment. Norm said she was getting ready for a business trip and had some work to do. She hadn’t appeared at any point during the evening. It was a shame, because Percy felt he would have enjoyed a flash of those bright blue eyes.
He finished his beer, and after tipping the table went to the fridge for another bottle before returning to his seat. He felt sweaty, and decided that once he’d finished he would head off for a cold shower and bed.
*
Percy awoke with a start. An enormous clap of thunder had shaken the house giving him such a fright that his mouth seemed to have developed a frantically beating heart all of its own.
He threw off the thin sheet covering one leg and went to the open window, drawing back the curtains. As he stood there, naked, another crash roared overhead, lightning flashing simultaneously. Percy enjoyed the storms though not as much as Sal. With something this big, she would have been at the window with a video camera, or maybe her phone, waiting for the next explosion. Percy thought about some footage she’d taken, where her old camera had shaken with the force of the thunder. She’d been so pleased with it she’d excitedly shown anyone who would look. At last, she had captured that elusive power, the awe-inspiring intensity that ordinarily was not clear on playback. And, Percy recalled, the recording had picked up the depth of the almighty bang.
Unlike Sal, Percy was inclined to live for the moment and had no intention of trying to record a single second, though he thought his friend, Art, would probably enjoy the images. He’d certainly appreciated Sal’s. This was a measure of how proud she was of her film, because she was the one person who had never warmed to Percy’s closest friend, yet she had emailed him regardless.
Percy peered into the darkness. Another flash came, but still no rain. Then he heard a voice, and made out the shadowy shape of someone standing on the path below his window. It was the Indian-Singaporean guard he always seemed to be at odds with. What was he doing up at this time of night? Why wasn’t he lounging in the security box? In fact, he never worked nights anyway. The guard yelled something, but the few words were drowned out by thunder. Then Percy realised he was pointing at a particular part of Percy’s anatomy. It seemed he had accidentally exposed himself again. 
‘Cover up!’ 
Percy took a length of curtain and did as he was told. He did not need reminding that it was an offence to be naked where people might see, since the guard took great pleasure in telling him every time there was a digression. At least it wasn’t his annoying Chinese neighbour complaining again, Percy thought. She had moved away and not a moment too soon.
‘What are you doing?’ Percy called back. ‘Is there a problem?’
The guard gestured for Percy to be quiet, and waved his hands as if to confirm there was nothing wrong. Then the first heavy drops started to fall, and the guard hurried away.
Percy waited for a few moments and watched as the rain quickly turned into a downpour, which soon became so torrential that the few dim streetlights were entirely obscured. He slid the window shut; when the rain was this heavy, it needed closing. Besides, Percy had not forgotten how destructive the wind could be when it gusted through the house. He thought there would probably be no wind tonight, though; it would have come by now. He had followed Sal’s night-time routine of open window, ceiling fan on and curtains pulled shut, ever since she had left. He’d tried only once to use the air-conditioning – that longed-for luxury denied him from the moment they’d arrived in Singapore – but it was too late; despite resistance, he had acclimatised.
With the rain falling hard upon the flat roof of the house, Percy climbed back into bed wondering how he was ever going to sleep. Feet pleasantly cooled by the splashes that had been bouncing in from the narrow balcony, he closed his eyes. There was something reassuring about the sound of heavy rain. Suddenly, another clap of thunder cracked overhead, by far the loudest. Percy again threw the sheet to one side, before stomping downstairs to make himself a drink. He planned to come back up and sit on the edge of the bed with it and watch the storm. He might as well do something, because he sure as hell wasn’t going to get any sleep.
The air downstairs felt clammy, as it always did once the doors and windows were shut for the night. The price of not using air-conditioning was constant humidity, which meant mouldy furniture and wood if it wasn’t cleaned often enough. Tonight, it felt particularly sticky, and so while he waited for the kettle to boil, Percy opened a door and allowed the cooler air to rush in, along with the sound of the rain and the constant spray. He waited by the open door, anticipating the next flash or bang. Magnificent storms really were one of the bonuses of living somewhere tropical, he felt, and what was the loss of one night’s sleep to a man without a job? As he watched, the rain began to ease marginally, and he noticed someone rushing by on the other side of the slatted wooden gate, along the communal path. It was the guard again, with a sheet of something protecting his head against the deluge. Immediately, Percy cupped a hand over his penis. Once more, he had forgotten to cover up.
The kettle whistled and Percy returned to the kitchen, wondering what it was his sometime-nemesis was up to. He was probably one of the most annoyingly smug men Percy had ever met, he concluded, as he searched for teabags. With his polite smile and irritatingly professional manner, his matter-of-fact tone of voice nagging the average person about everything from draped towels to bare bottoms, the guard was the bane of Percy’s life; Percy, a man simply trying to scrape by whilst suffocating beneath the unwelcome presence of neighbours.
Unable to find any teabags, he began rummaging about to see if The Kraken had hidden any, because monstrous beasts were prone to peculiar behaviour. Then he saw it. A Christmas card, pushed to the back of a drawer filled with odds and ends, left where it had been stuffed in a moment of frustration to stop The Kraken putting it up every five minutes; left there by Percy himself because he hadn’t the balls to throw it away. It was from Sal, the Japanese mountain scene that had so irritated him. 
3. THE DISCUSSION GROUP
 ‘Morning, Percy.’
‘Morning, Joyann.’
‘Beautiful day today, isn’t it?’
‘Indeed it is. Big storm last night.’
‘It was. And so, no better place to meet than here, in the Botanic Gardens, when it feels this pleasant. As you can see, I have laid out some blankets already; if anyone wants a chair then hopefully they will bring one.’
Stopping beside Joyann, Percy smiled. ‘Won’t the blankets get wet? The ground is soaked.’
‘No. They are all plastic-backed. Proper picnic blankets. I had quite a lot left in the shop taking up space. I cannot send them back so we may as well use them.’
‘Are we expecting a big turn out today?’
‘I am not sure, but no, I would not expect very many. The woman who now runs the group…’ Joyann’s voice faded.
‘Ah yes, Vlad the Impala,’ Percy said, thinking himself very clever to have labelled the group’s South African self-appointed leader as such.
Joyann’s brow furrowed. ‘She wasn’t keen on the idea of meeting here so I suspect that she and her friends will not come. They seemed rather cross that I expressed an opinion and organised this without their official approval. You know how huffy some types of women get. These ladies prefer an evening meeting after work. They rarely arrange a daytime meet, I have noticed. They all have jobs, but so do I. Maybe they are trying to push us out, Percy. They will not have to push me very hard because I have almost had enough.’
‘I hope you reminded them who started this group? I hope they weren’t sassing our founding member, Joyann.’
‘Sassing? What is this American word that has found its way into your very English vocabulary, Percy? Sassing.’
‘Sassing,’ Percy repeated, feeling the word in his mouth. He’d heard it while watching a film he was streaming, and for once decided he might help expand British English.
‘No, Percy, they were not rude to me, but it did remind me of why I stopped running the group. It was only how I wanted it to be for a very short time. At first, it was exactly as my grandmother would have wanted, just as hers had been all those years ago. But now… ah… it is not the same. I rarely find the same pleasure in it anymore.’
‘You’re not saying you’re leaving, are you?’
‘No, Percy. Only that…’ for a few moments Joyann appeared not to know what she wanted to say next.
‘Yes?’ Prompted Percy. ‘Only that what?’
Joyann shrugged. ‘I don’t know. I will carry on coming for now, but some of the people here I find a little odd. I suppose this is what I am trying to say.’
As they talked, the first members arrived, settling themselves on a blanket with a small wave and nod to Joyann.
‘Them?’ asked Percy. ‘Are they the odd ones?’
‘No. Not at all. They are very nice people.’
Percy noticed Joyann’s focus shift, and he followed her gaze.
‘Them?’ he asked.
Joyann did not reply.
‘You reckon they’re a bit odd?’
Still she wouldn’t speak.
‘You know that’s just Trudy and Hester, don’t you? You haven’t got your specs on.’
‘I do not wear glasses, Percy! And yes, I can see very well who it is.’
‘You were happy enough to play cards with them, at Norm’s.’
‘I was happy enough to play cards with you, too, yet you are very definitely odd!’ She laughed, and moved towards Hester who was reaching out to greet her.
Swathes of fabric enveloped petit Joyann, as the elderly Hester planted kisses in the air either side of her face. Hester was a different sort of expat than many, an era gone by, bearing the uniform of a white woman living in Asia, rather than a wealthy woman living as a modern expat. Over cards, Percy learned that Hester had been in Singapore for decades. That night, he had marvelled at the number of scarves she had managed to tie about herself, and the great beads and chains hanging there. Today was no different.
Suddenly he realised she and Trudy were heading for him. He turned away but felt a tight grip upon his arm.
‘Percy,’ Hester said, offering each cheek in turn, giving but not receiving an air kiss.
Percy said hello, and nodded the same to Trudy, who seemed to blush a little, before taking her friend and finding a place to sit. Percy noticed that each carried a small foldout chair and umbrella.
As more members arrived, Percy found himself feeling increasingly reluctant to stay. If Joyann hadn’t confessed to her own disillusionment he might have felt better about things. Normally optimistic, her unusually negative view had validated his own. Suddenly, the prospect of a morning filled with discussion with anyone, even Joyann, was far from appealing.
Before he could act upon his instincts, Joyann looped her arm through his and walked him towards a blanket. ‘Oh no you don’t,’ she whispered. ‘Here, sit with me. We can do this.’ She grinned.
The ground was hard beneath his feet, only the stiffness of the coarse-bladed grass, manicured into a huge lawn, making it feel different to the metalled paths. So much rain, yet it was not soft. The meeting was near the centre of the gardens, with a view down to the empty performance stage and lake. Today, as most days, a variety of people were visiting, from elderly Chinese to power walking expats. Although he no longer wished to join in with the group, Percy had been to the Botanic Gardens so many times it could not have felt more like home. All around, umbrellas popped up to shade against the powerful rays penetrating thin grey skies. Joyann was using a huge silver golfing brolly, and shared it with Percy.
After a few moments of settling chatter, it was decided the session should begin and Joyann issued the topic, even though many in the group had, for reasons unknown to him, looked to Percy to do so.
‘Is that it?’ Percy questioned, pleased to have escaped the attention but puzzled by Joyann’s dumbing down. ‘That’s not like you.’ 
‘I do not understand.’
‘The topic, it’s not very Joyann. Very far from the first one you chose, at our first meeting. Do you remember?’
Joyann pondered for a moment and then said, ‘Ah yes, how can I forget: The Wonders of Biochar.’
‘Correct. Now that is a boring topic, and very you,’ he smiled, impishly.
‘Charming. Well if you do not like my ideas then think of your own.’
‘Oh no, you don’t get me that easily.’
‘Okay then’ she replied, ‘then start talking about The Best Holiday You Ever Had.’
Percy winced, ‘I can’t. Sorry Joyann, but it’s a bloody awful topic. It’s the worst of those sorts of conversations people have at parties, or wherever, that make any sane person want to staple their ears shut. Ooo Bali was soooo relaxing, even the rabid dogs were chilled; ahhhh but Lombok is far nicer, you should go there sometime, if you can afford the extra; have you ever been to that darling little island… what’s it called… no children allowed…. It’s uber expensive, but you know, there’s no harm in a little treat every now and then, and Tarquin loves our new maid, so he was happy to see us go…. Yawn fucking yawn.’
Joyann stared. ‘My greatest holiday was visiting Petra; the cave buildings there are incredible.’
‘Don’t say something like that!’
‘Like what?’
‘That. Petra. That’s already vaguely interesting. Come on, I thought we were going to wing it.’
‘Wing it?’
‘You know. Get by, not actually do the thing. Wing it. You must know wing it?’
‘Do you mean use the time to avoid talking about the topic?’
‘Yes.’
‘Why? We may as well just talk about it.’
Percy thought for a moment, and relented with a loud sigh. ‘Jordan, right?’
‘Petra? Yes. It is beautiful; the sandstone is a pinkish colour. Ethan and I went there for our honeymoon.’
Percy suppressed a very large oh my God. Why had he given in? This was the last name he wanted to hear, having spent much of his time actively removing thoughts of his now estranged wife and her lover from his mind. Was this what he had got out of bed for this morning, he wondered, to hear about bloody Ethan’s bloody holiday? Ethan. God, he hated that name almost as much as he hated the man.
‘It dates back thousands of years, and has this incredible atmosphere. I cannot describe it, Percy, not well; it inspires something like awe, but it is greater than that, as if you can feel the soul of every person that ever touched the ground there. We saw the sunset, and the colours were stunning. I mean the colours in the stone were stunning, of course, rather than the sunset, though this was lovely too. It is a huge site, and some people ride camels and donkeys to move around. Ethan did not like the idea of riding a camel, so we walked, which was a great way to see those little details that you miss travelling any other way. Percy? Percy, are you even listening to me?’
Percy’s attention had drifted off around the moment Joyann had chosen to describe Petra as greater than awe-inspiring, and he was looking now at the form of Norm, hurrying along behind his beloved chocolate labradoodle, Cocoa. 
‘Percy?’ Joyann repeated, exasperation sounding.
‘Norm’s arrived,’ Percy said.
Seeming to shrug off her frustration, Joyann called out and asked Norm to join them.
The oh my God Percy had suppressed released itself. He hadn’t wanted to stay at all, and now, much as he liked Norm, he would have to suffer this man’s affection as well as every tale of holidays past that he and Joyann could muster.
*
Another person aside from Joyann had waved for Norm to join her, and been acutely disappointed when he’d chosen to sit beside Percy. The disappointment was two-fold; firstly she would have liked Norm with her, and secondly, had she spotted the free space next to Percy herself, she might have plucked up the courage and used it.
Trudy was British and middle-aged, holding the status of Permanent Resident. An utterly bored housewife, she hadn’t realised quite how bored she’d become until joining The Discussion Group. Her initial visit was because her forceful friend and mentor, Hester, had insisted she go, though somewhere along the way Hester’s memory of this event had altered somewhat. Hester, Trudy noticed, did occasionally forget what she had said.
Hester was a friend-of-a-friend of Joyann Tan’s, a friend-of-a-friend who, after attending a meeting once, never went again. But unlike her, and very much like Hester, Trudy found something positive there; something different from what life had been offering of late.
The idea of new friendship provided Trudy with an appealing challenge, inviting her embrace at a time when such things had come to represent a negative. Apart from Hester, who like Trudy was a long-term expat, the people she formed relationships with necessarily moved on. It was this inevitably that overtime increasingly weighed upon her, the seemingly endless cycle of loss. There had been two or three friends who were half Singaporean, increasing the chance they would stay, and they did, but those relationships were of the variety never likely to move beyond the school gates. With little in common, contact faded, and the only route Trudy had ever come across, offering entry to the world of the truly local and therefore permanent, closed. The fact was, Trudy would have been more likely to retain friends from across the world, had she herself also moved on. This would have provided some commonality. She occasionally mourned the perceived rejection, and looked with envy upon those who had left, certain they were still in touch with each other; lost companions appearing as threads forming some far-flung social tapestry. But to leave Singapore was something Trudy feared.
The Discussion Group had taken her neat chin in its collective, warm grip, and made her turn to face a different truth; that loss and rejection are rarely equivalents, and length of term is not the only measure of friendship. She began to find perspective and make sense of what had been, looking back over the scarring years gone by with fresh and healing eyes.
Sitting in her little foldout chair next to Hester, half listening to someone she didn’t know very well talk about a place where they had contracted malaria but until then experienced the most amazing holiday, Trudy thought about her own travels. Where had she been, in those earlier times living in South East Asia? China. Hong Kong. Cambodia. Laos. Vietnam. Thailand. Brunei. Nepal. Australia. Japan. New Zealand. Where else? Ah yes. She had even been to Bhutan. But something had changed. The last fifteen times time she had flown anywhere it was to Lombok, Indonesia, to lounge around the pool of a villa she and her husband had bought.
Once upon a time she was a doer, Trudy reflected, as the voice continued with tales of fever and delirium. She was a woman whose feet barely touched the ground, even within the confines of Singapore. Years before, when first there, fascinating cultural tours and endless school functions filled the long hours at her disposal. In many ways, it was a whirlwind of fun and interest, equal to that stirred through her travels. But even then the warning signs regarding relationships were there. She’d met people who declined to be her friend; strangely selfish expats espousing the notion that developing a relationship with someone who might not stay was pointless. One woman, met at a party, asked openly how long Trudy planned to remain in Singapore. Then, Trudy thought only two years, and said so. The woman replied by saying she wasn’t interested in talking if that was the case. At the time, it was offensive. Overtime, Trudy’s view of this form of rejection softened. The woman wasn’t the only filter-feeder she’d met, but Trudy had learned to live with it.
After a while, school activities dropped away and life gradually filled with tennis and lunches, massages and pedicures. This meant friends, of course, but since treats feel special only when taken occasionally, life grew dull despite the company. Before long, the company left anyway. So came the job marketing a line of handbags imported from Vietnam by a friend. Trudy made a few trips there herself; helped open a boutique in a shopping mall favoured by expats, on Orchard Road; drank too much Champagne too often, and gave more and more of her time to pursuing success on behalf of her friend. And Trudy was good, really good, but one day she realised the job had all but killed spontaneity, a freedom once taken for granted and missed as if it were hers by right. With the position abandoned, the increasingly tenuous friendship went next; one of the few that at first seemed it might last.
‘Trudy?’
Trudy’s attention was pulled back to The Discussion Group meeting. Hester, whose round body was filling the fold out chair next to her, was speaking.
‘Trudy! I said, you’ve been to Borneo haven’t you?’
‘Uh, no. Nearly, but not. Why?’
‘We were just talking about malaria.’
Trudy smiled but chose not to expand the conversation. She’d developed a minor infection after one of her breast augmentations and couldn’t go. This was not a holiday story she was inclined to share.
Hester patted her arm, as if sympathetic to whatever it was she wasn’t disclosing. ‘We went to Sabah once, a very long time ago, to the orang-utan reserve. Beautiful creatures,’ she said.
Trudy listened as Hester did what she did best, demanding the attention of others with her fabulous tales. She began recounting the story of a large stinging insect that had flown into her ear and stung in defence as Hester tried to flick it away. The animal’s body was so fragmented it was impossible to tell what it was, she said. The terrible pain lasted for the rest of the day, but eased considerably once she’d returned to her hotel, because who should also be staying there but Sir David Attenborough himself. Hester said he was delightful, and very interested in her ear problem. He had eased it with a secret treatment whose ingredients she’d sworn never to reveal. 
Trudy felt that Hester had so many lovely stories it made up for the lack of her own, because despite being widely travelled she could never think of anything to say. She could make small talk, but only the sort that anyone could learn to make.
Her gaze wandered from her own group to another. Meera, a young and attractive Indian-Singaporean, was talking and laughing with a man Trudy knew to be called Phrike. It was an odd name, and she didn’t know anything about the name or where the man himself was from. He and Meera often sat together, and rumours abounded regarding what this meant. The sight of Meera sometimes brought on a strange feeling inside Trudy’s chest, as if a tiny person were playing tug-o-war with her confidence, dragging at it mercilessly. Today was no different. It was envy. Whenever she looked at Meera’s full mouth, Trudy saw it was as natural as the day she was born. Meera’s eyes were the shape nature intended; her sculpted jaw line defied gravity; and her breasts were her own. Plainly, this youthful woman had never set foot inside the offices of a plastic surgeon. Of course, she was younger than Trudy by a good decade or more, and still very silly in some ways. But she retained her beauty without effort while Trudy felt her own would escape if she became distracted from it for a single moment.
4. POOLSIDE
 ‘Hello Uncle Percy.’
Reluctantly opening his eyes, Percy came face to face with a guinea pig; a bald genetic mutation owned by his boy neighbour. He closed them again.
‘Wake up Uncle Percy.’
Percy could hear that the boy was talking through tight lips, in an effort to project his voice into the animal he was cradling.
‘Wake up, Uncle Percy. Your house is on fire.’ 
Percy shot upright, the words, what the fuck, falling from his mouth before he had time to think.
‘Language, Uncle Percy.’
Percy stared at the boy and his pet, ‘Are you serious?’ he quickly began gathering his towel and phone, plus a novel Joyann had recommended that was proving not just dull, but senseless.
‘Yes, swearing is bad, Uncle Percy.’
‘Not that, you moron, the house!’ Percy yelled, as he hurried away.
‘What about the house, Uncle Percy?’
Percy couldn’t be bothered to look back, instead shouting over his shoulder, ‘On fire!’
‘That was a joke, Uncle Percy,’ the boy squeaked.
Percy stopped dead, and turned. His neighbour was lying on the newly vacated lounger, the guinea pig, Kojak, resting on the boy’s flat young tummy. 
The boy grinned. ‘Never trust a guinea pig.’
If the boy was alone, without Kojak, Percy would have picked him up and thrown him into the pool. This, he’d worked out, was often all the child wanted, and was a good way to get rid of him and his incessant chatter. Uncle Percy what do you like best, turtles or polar bears; Uncle Percy, in a fight who would win if they were the same size, an ant or superman; Uncle Percy, if you were a tiger would you eat brown bread if it was all there was?
But the boy wasn’t alone, and though Percy was no fan of pets, either large or small, he wasn’t the sort to inflict distress. He opted for a different approach.
He returned his belongings to the small table beside the lounger, before diving into the water. Then, inspired by the boy’s own regular behaviour, he climbed out and perched on the lounger next to the lad. He felt the boy shift a little, away from Percy’s wet bum. Percy stroked Kojak’s bare skin, wet arms dripping onto the boy’s dry body. He then shook his head vigorously, like a dog shaking to dry its fur. Cool droplets flew everywhere. Next, Percy feigned a yawn and stretched, reaching up and across until his hand was in line with the boy’s face, before releasing the used sticking plaster he had the good fortune to find at the bottom of the pool. It landed in the boy’s mouth.
The boy spluttered and leapt up, half laughing, half disgusted, a now damp Kojak clamped between his hands.
Quickly, Percy snatched the piggy from him and put it on the table. Then he grabbed the boy and threw him into the pool. Within seconds, Percy was back in his previous position, stretched out on the lounger.
Looking as if nothing had happened and without remark, the boy clambered from the pool, picked up his pet, and wandered off. One of the few things Percy admired about this boy was the grace with which he accepted defeat. He was a tough one.
Percy thought back to the day he’d been able to pass on to him the most inappropriate gift he, Percy, had ever received; the day the allergic boy acquired a hair free pet. A delusional Norm had decided it would somehow make a decent replacement for Percy’s wife. Norm could not have known what lay ahead when he made this lunatic decision, yet somehow the natural course of events that followed meant a bereaved boy was able to feel some quiet comfort after the loss of his mother. He’d carried the animal around ever since.
A frown formed as Percy closed his eyes. If only the boy would stop calling him Uncle Percy. It was an impossible situation because there was no way Percy could prevent the words coming from the boy’s mouth. Perhaps he would threaten to barbecue Kojak. Perhaps not.
Percy began to relax once more. Even by Singapore standards, the day was exceptionally hot and humid, so the quick dip into the pool had been a welcome one. He contemplated picking up the novel, since he’d accidentally implied to Joyann that he’d already finished it, but Percy decided his wet fingers would only warp the pages. Though he was not a great reader, he didn’t like it when pages became too thick for a cover to shut. More importantly, the novel so far made for a terrible read. It was set in Singapore and allegedly written by an expat, as if this were enough to qualify it for a solid Singapore readership. Somehow or another, it had found a way onto the shelves of Kinokuniya, the huge Japanese bookstore on Orchard Road. Maybe it would get better. Maybe it would suddenly transform into a fast-paced tale with an invincible male hero? Whatever lay ahead in the bafflingly boring tale, Percy assumed that it wasn’t going to suddenly become politically edgy, for books of that nature – if they ever made it into the Singaporean literary arena – generally had a shelf life of a single day, before mysteriously disappearing. Shame it wasn’t political, he then reflected.
This was the strange thing Percy had noticed about the country in which he now lived. It was free yet not free, and the not free part didn’t seem to bother many people. He considered his homeland, England, with its rolling pastures and pretty villages, winding roads lined with sandwich packets chucked from car windows; shredded plastic bags waving gently in leafy branches, shit covered loo paper decorating lay-bys. Now that was freedom.
‘Excuse me.’
Percy opened his eyes. The voice belonged to a woman of around forty years of age, wearing a tiny black bikini over what Percy could only observe was a marvellously toned body.
‘Hi, Sorry to bother you. You don’t know me, but I just saw what you did to that boy. I’m sorry if I seem like I am making a fuss…’
Percy put up a hand to stop her from speaking. Clearly, this was not going to be a speech congratulating him on his throwing prowess. 
She tried again, but Percy’s hand held the silence. 
Observing her shoulders slump a little, and so feeling the job was done, he lowered the hand to his side. He closed his eyes once more, shutting out the beauty.
‘I mean…’
Instantly, Percy resurrected his signal, and briefly, the woman paused, before continuing regardless, ‘Look,’ she said, levelly, ‘I am sorry if this is not what you want to hear, but you…’
Percy raised his hand higher but this time she persisted. He sighed and let her words run their course. Eyes still shut, he tuned in his ears; was she Australian or Kiwi? His experience of both wasn’t great enough for him to immediately determine the difference. However, she had apologised several times even though she was on the attack, a trait commonly found in Brits and Kiwis, but not, Percy deemed, the average Australian. New Zealanders were to Australians as Canadians were to Americans. 
‘I am telling you that what you did was dangerous. The boy was clearly not expecting it, and he nearly landed on my friend’s kid. The impact popped one of his inflatable fush, for Christ’s sake.’
Ah, thought Percy. There it was. Fush not fish. Definitely Kiwi. He opened his eyes, ‘Uz theera problum?’ His accent had morphed into hers. He wasn’t sure why.
She shook her head, ‘Taking the piss, are you?’
‘Yes.’ He had meant to say no, but her body distracted him. He sat up and swung his legs round so he could sit and face her, because lying down was making him feel unusually vulnerable. Again he noticed how attractive her body was. Then he noticed her face was nice too.
‘I know you,’ she said, shaking her head a little.
‘Do you?’
The woman turned to her friend, sitting on the far side of the pool, helping a toddler walk up and down the steps of the shallow end. If that was the kid whose fush he’d popped, thought Percy, then it was well deserved, wearing a hat like a bee with outstretched wings and armbands shaped like snakes. What the hell was wrong with the kid? It was appalling. And it can’t have mattered too much, since there was not the least sorry sniffle to be heard.
‘Hey, Amanda, it’s that wanker from your group thing. You know, the one you took me to, in the Botanical Gardens.’
Botanic, Percy thought.
‘You mean The Discussion Group? Is it?’ The friend, Amanda, peered across at Percy, who allowed himself to be inspected. ‘Oh yeah. Hi Percy.’ Percy nodded. ‘He’s alright,’ she added.
The woman standing beside Percy shook her head a little, face serious, ‘Be careful in future.’ Indicating the book on the table, she said, ‘Good book that.’
Percy said nothing, but watched with pleasure as she slid into the water and swam towards her friend.
He settled again, once more stretched out on the lounger, fully shaded by the large parasol assigned to each one. He was not feeling particularly ruffled by the encounter but nor was he feeling as relaxed as he had been. Why couldn’t he be left in peace? First the boy and now this lecturing Kiwi. He watched her, standing a little way out, talking with her friend who remained on the steps. She turned, and briefly her eyes met his. Percy quickly looked away, the splashing toddler with the stripy hat suddenly his focus.
But something else caught his eye. On the lounger next to him were four brown pellets of guinea pig dung. The weight of the world pressed upon him. All he wanted was to relax in peace on a clean lounger. He grimaced and moved his leg away but the dung rolled after it, following the depression in the mesh. Cursing, Percy carefully picked them up, and relieved to find they were entirely dry he tossed them away, aiming for the drain that circuited the pool. The four landed in the water, floating for a short time before slowly sinking. 
‘Oops,’ he said, quietly, noticing then two pairs of observant Kiwi eyes upon him.
He lay back. Too often the pool had kiddie shit in it, so what was a little more? His afternoon really was becoming spoiled. He picked up the book and then threw it back down, before deciding to email his good friend, Art. But then could he even be bothered to do that?
What he actually needed now was a beer. Not the sort he and Art enjoyed back home, warm and flat, or warm and heady, but cold. Ice cold lager straight from the bottle. Percy checked himself. Cold lager straight from the bottle? Who was this man he was becoming? He frowned. Despite himself he wanted that cold beer. His favourite bar, The Tired Turtle, beckoned.
After gathering his things while avoiding the gaze of the two women, Percy began the short walk to his house, realising only when he was home and changing, that three brown pellets were squashed into his wet shorts, right in the middle of his bottom.
5. FUELLED BY HAM CHIM PENG
Trudy left without exchanging pleasantries, not seen to the door by anyone. The friendship with Hester was a relaxed one, and Hester never stood on ceremony for any person whoever they were, or whoever they believed themselves to be.
The afternoon had passed by agreeably, the two sitting in the shade of Hester’s old veranda, cooled by a slow fan fixed to the inside of its roof. The air shifted lightly about, lifting the loose strands of grey bundled onto Hester’s head, while barely causing Trudy’s groomed coiffure to move even a hair’s breadth. Their talk was unhurried and amiable, discussing nothing and everything, one a relic from a bygone age swathed in cloth and ethnic jewellery, the other a modern expat in every sense; the latter a remodelling of the former.
After finishing a bottle of chilled white wine, a label that neither woman bothered to observe, a lethargic Trudy had stretched and yawned and only then noticed the time. 
With her face buried in a book, Hester looked up only to say goodbye.
She was not unhappy that Trudy was leaving, for Hester’s eyelids had been drooping for a while. Reading a book was a ruse, an excuse to allow her a less visible snooze. Trudy often overstayed, but, in the way of old friends living a lazy life, this minor imposition was barely recognised as such. 
With Trudy finally gone, Hester put down the book; a newly released novel set in Singapore and suggested by the keenest member of her book club. She settled for a nap. But sleep wouldn’t come; rather, Hester fell into a satisfying stupor in which she was aware of life continuing around her without the urge to rejoin it. The movements of her maid, Girlie, as she cleared the table, the sound of a bird calling from a nearby tree, the front door opening and closing with the return of her husband, all were ignored in favour of the sublime slumber. She lay there, blue and red-veined legs stretched across the mattress of the wicker-framed sofa, shoulders and head propped on soft cushions, old eyes closed, thin mouth slack, face motionless; appearing to sleep while inside thoughts moved coherently. With her consciousness comforted by the sounds of life and not guided by them, Hester was thinking about The Discussion Group.
For some time, life had been steady but also dull, pepped up here and there for no reason other than occasionally it just seemed to pep up. Excitement was difficult to find. That was, until she joined The Discussion Group.
In The Discussion Group, Hester discovered that people with differing views and very differing backgrounds from her own still existed. For her, at some point, this other sort of person had become part of a distant past, a memory of what had been and no longer was, rather than simply her past. Reality had shifted. Now, thanks to The Discussion Group, it had in some small way realigned. Cosseted from the world at large for many years, Hester’s life could not be as the lives of other people. Her life was of course real, because it was the life she was actually living, but very few of the world’s population would ever come to know such a reality. To find people different from her was a delight; more, it was something of a revelation. Too long she had been sheltered by advantage. And too long a desire to be challenged had simmered unseen beneath her placid exterior.
Bearing the easy manner that comes with privilege, Hester was quietly influential. With the exception of Trudy, whose wealth was extreme only in the eyes of family members – all left behind in Britain and rarely visited – Hester’s friends were mostly affluent Singaporeans. She had achieved that which Trudy could not, because time cannot be bought. And if time could be bought, then Hester could have afforded it.
She was not a lonely person and had no noticeable insecurities. Married life had always been easy, friendships and acquaintances pleasurable. Though easy going, she was also a strong-minded sort, and outwardly not classically vulnerable. But neither did she appear to be a person inclined to fantasy, when fantasy was exactly her game. Big fat fantasies, otherwise known in the wider world as lies. It started when she was young.
Resting easily, aware now that all sounds of home life had ceased, because her maid was in the kitchen making dinner and her husband was resting on their bed, Hester’s thoughts moved back in time. Her mouth rose a little, tightening into a small smile. Fabricating the truth remained one of her most pleasurable pastimes.
The instances warranting a lie varied, and sometimes a few years might pass between these occasions; other times just a few days. The tale might take the form of a long discussion on a plane with her neighbour about the fictional brother she was visiting, because he’d just discovered his girlfriend was a man and he couldn’t cope, not for a second time. Or she might make a short remark suggesting she was a member of British aristocracy, a comment normally aimed at American tourists, who loved that sort of thing and definitely could not detect the very occasional, and very slight, Australian twang Hester retained. Sometimes she would promote herself to fully fledged member of the Royal family. The longest running lie was now rarely mentioned, a claim that her mother’s younger sister had stripped for the Duke of Edinburgh, before he’d met Elizabeth. He’d tucked a few coins in her knicker elastic and the money had slipped through, so he’d picked it up and kept it. Many people had heard the story and all accepted its truth.
Trudy was not party to Hester’s lies, for no one was. Remembering a lie she had played on Trudy – for no friend was ever exempt – she thought again about this reliable companion. Trudy did not fit with Hester’s usual crowd, though she’d never been given any real opportunity to try, because Hester suspected they would find her unappealing; that even in view of Trudy’s international lifestyle, they would think her provincial. So, Hester reflected, it was nice that she and Trudy were finally able to share in something, and together enjoy The Discussion Group.
Hester liked Trudy very much, because she represented something of a novelty, but more recently because she had helped Hester talk with new people by coming along to The Discussion Group. It was a welcome surprise to find Trudy was keen to expand her friendship base. Hester liked Norman Sullivan, also, finding his optimism contagious. And there were others in The Discussion Group that she was also fond of; Meera, a local beautician, and Phrike, a huge, hard looking man with a soft core. Neither of these two would be of any use to her, however, in the coming scheme involving both Trudy and Norm, and also one very significant other. The part of Hester’s brain responsible for concocting plots had restarted operations. 
The key player in the coming drama was a man Hester was particularly fond of: Percy Field. In Percy, Hester saw absolute truth. With him, there was no wondering what was meant by any remark, no questioning of this attitude or that, no searching for motive. He said it like it was and at times could be cripplingly truthful. Though she made a first class liar and he was not, in one sense she and Percy were the same. Dishonest to the core she might be, but on a social level Hester was as honest as they came. Frankness appealed to her lazy nature, because it saved her the effort of pondering deeper meaning. Manoeuvring through the maze of amusing fabrication was quite unlike deciphering the significance of other people’s reaction to whatever had been said or done, of pandering to cloying emotion. Hester did have a gift for reading others, but it was not ever something she applied beyond her own needs. Most of all, being forthright provided an excellent cover. 
Percy’s character had inspired Hester’s already awakening sense of game. He offered something previously not thought of, something so unimaginable that when the idea revealed itself to Hester she’d had to laugh. She laughed again now, lying on the wicker sofa, her soft grey eyes opening to the equally soft grey shades of dusk. Percy Field presented the greatest challenge of Hester’s long life, because in him lay the possibility of illustrious eminence. This was not to overstate things. This level of attainment really was the only thing Hester felt she had not already acquired. She recognised in Percy an opportunity, because she had observed in him a latent tendency to lead, and in others a willingness to follow. This ability to correctly assess the traits of others was the secret of Hester’s creative success.
Everything was made easier because Percy was a man she genuinely admired and often amused her, entertained as she was by his morose bearing as much as the strange way he had of drawing people in without seeming to enjoy it; to notice it, even. In the past, she’d occasionally dealt with men whom she’d hated, lying to exact revenge for some perceived injustice, forced to be nice when her skin crawled against the hypocrisy of it. Refreshing then, to have someone she was partial to at the centre of things.
And Norm and Trudy fitted their roles perfectly, both were people who would allow another’s view to become their own, should it suit their subconscious; a pair so easily manipulated it might seem cruel. Hester, master of illusion and artifice, ate manipulation for breakfast.
 This opportunity to fire up change was too much for Hester to resist. She was growing old, and wearying of the half measures that ageing seemed to entail; moderating her drinking of alcohol and eating of sweet foods, taking moderate exercise, enjoying moderate rest. Moderate, moderated, moderately! There was nothing moderate about a doctor’s unsolicited advice.
She remembered the moment the idea had come to the fore and the excitement she’d felt. She’d been sitting where she was lying now, except it was late morning rather than early evening. She’d been enjoying a second cappuccino after eating three ham chim peng, her favourite deep fried doughy treat filled with red bean paste, after rebelling against her diet. She recalled feeling guilty and then feeling cross, irritated by all things moderate. 
‘To hell with moderate! Radical is what I want!’ At that moment, the half considered notion of Percy as some kind of leader had exploded into a fully fledged idea
Sleepiness gone, in the half-light Hester slowly eased her legs to the ground. She needed a cup of tea and a biscuit, the memory of ham chim peng making her peckish. ‘Girlie!’ she called. ‘Girlie!’
Hester smiled, thinking about things. The whole plot should be easy, for when summarised what lay before her was the winning hand: an unsuspecting lonesome hero and two needy people searching for something.
Would it matter if Percy refused to accept his elevated status? Probably not, because all that was needed for anyone to be viewed as leader was one other person willing to validate that viewpoint. This was never truer than when accepting a Prophet. Wasn’t it the words of John the Baptist that lifted Jesus from son of Joseph to Son of God? Behold the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world. Percy was no lamb, but nor was he woolly.
The veranda lights flickered on and Girlie appeared, wiping floury fingers on her apron. Hester requested tea and biscuits. Girlie said dinner would soon be ready. Hester again asked for tea and biscuits. Girlie retreated to the kitchen. Hester waited.
With long hair roughly bundled, an open face, a genteel yet ethnic manner of dressing her comfortable frame, she picked up the book she had set aside, thinking if she were to claim an opinion on it then she should at least read it all. If she ever managed to get into the story, she’d be honest and say that at first she’d struggled but then enjoyed it. If it continued to prove too much she would give up, and scan her way to the end. A lesser liar would read only the blurb.
6. TONIGHT’S TOPIC
 ‘Why are we doing this?’ Percy asked, looking down at his petit Singaporean friend, whom he thought looked utterly beautiful in her fitted silk dress, with its fine oriental patterns of gold and red.
Joyann looked back at him squarely, her pretty face stern. ‘We are doing this because you and I started this group and I am not yet prepared to give up on it. I thought I was, but I was wrong.’
‘You and I? You started it in honour of your grandmother’s group.’
‘Why do you always say this? It is our discussion group. I started the group for you, with the memory of my grandmother in my heart. ’
Heart. There it was, that way of saying things, so it sounded like hat. Just like the word hard in hardware store, when he’d first met her. ‘How’s business?’ Percy asked. ‘The expansion?’
Joyann grimaced, ‘Sometimes I think we should have stayed in hardware only, and left dog boutiques to dog lovers. It is very competitive, but…’
‘But what?’
‘But it is going very well, thank you for asking. Hard work, but yes, it will be quite successful I think.’
Hard work. Percy smiled. Joyann was very lovely.
‘You look handsome tonight, Percy.’
Percy looked down at himself, ‘I look like an idiot. Christ knows how long I have had this penguin suit.’ He opened the front of it, revealing the inner panel behind the buttons. ‘And look at this,’ he said, pointing, ‘bloody moths have eaten it. Singaporean moths.’
‘I suppose you mean to suggest they used chopsticks?’
‘Can you say that?’ Percy said, ever uncertain as to what was acceptable and what was not.
She dismissed the question with the shake of her head. ‘Come on. We should find out which table we are on and sit down.’
Percy and Joyann were at Singapore’s highly regarded Tanglin Club, for a formal dinner and meeting arranged by Vlad the Impala. The invitation and topic had been issued on thick card, embossed with gold. At first, Percy had refused to go, but Joyann set about gaining help in persuading him, and with Norm, Meera and Phrike by her side, he had given in. The evening Joyann had achieved this, over a drink in Holland Village, a small cluster of bars and restaurants near Percy’s condo, Meera was by far the most excited by what lay ahead.
‘At last,’ she’d declared, ‘I can go shopping for something truly magnificent. I love dressing up, don’t you?’ She’d been speaking directly to Joyann, her eyes bright, manner animated.
‘Sometimes, yes.’
‘Women,’ Phrike had commented.
‘Women what?’ Joyann questioned.
‘Nothing. That’s it. Just women.’
Meera had laughed and hugged Phrike’s thick arm, ‘He is being grumpy. He is jealous, wishing he too could wear a luxurious dress.’ She’d giggled. ‘I think you would suit… hmm… turquoise maybe.’
Phrike had smiled down at her, affectionately.
‘Does your wife like to dress smartly, Phrike?’ asked Joyann.
He’d said nothing in reply, instead calling for a waiter and ordering a round of drinks.
Meera had fallen silent, the beautician known for her vivacity as much as her groomed beauty, suddenly at a loss for words.
Joyann had said nothing that might ease the atmosphere she had intentionally or otherwise created, instead she continued talking about the meeting at the Tanglin Club. ‘I am glad you are coming, Percy. Do you own a suit?’
‘Yeah. An old one.’
Meera had managed a smile, ‘Buy a new one. I will come with you, if you would like me to.’
‘Why bother?’ asked Phrike, arms folded, waiting for his next beer. ‘If he has one already it’ll be fine. I’m not buying anything new.’
Briefly, Meera leaned against him a little, and though discreetly, she smiled more widely.
It was Meera who caught Percy’s eye once the Tanglin Club evening was underway, and he nudged Joyann. Joyann immediately went to her. In a long sleek black dress with fine straps and a high split, Meera was breathtaking.
‘You look so beautiful, Meera,’ Joyann enthused. ‘Really, so very elegant.’
‘Thank you, Joyann, and so do you. The fabric suits you well.’
Joyann slipped an arm through hers. ‘We should parade a little, and show ourselves off,’ she laughed. ‘At least, we should find a glass of champagne before we finally sit down.’
While Joyann and Meera occupied themselves with this, Norm, who was wearing a finely tailored black dinner suit, crisp white shirt and dark silver bow tie, approached Percy.
‘What do you think of the topic, Percy?’ he asked, open hand placed across the buttons of his jacket, as if someone were on his arm.
‘Hi Norm. I think the topic is almost as terrible as this evening. You?’
‘I like it all; it makes a nice change. Big turn out.’
‘It is,’ agreed Percy. ‘Clearly not much on TV tonight.’
Norm laughed, a little too hard, and persuaded Percy to walk with him and find the seating plan.
‘Verity around at the moment?’ Percy asked him.
‘She’s not around much at all at the moment. They’ve a new office opening somewhere or another, Guangzhou, maybe, so she’s caught up in all of that.’
‘Shame. She might have enjoyed this.’
‘Do you think? I’m not sure partners were invited anyway.’
Percy shrugged. He had no idea if partners were invited or not, since he felt this kind of detail was no longer relevant to him. As Norm moved towards a large board specifying who was sitting where, Percy reflected on the most recent conversation he’d shared with Sal regarding their coming divorce. They’d moved to Singapore barely a year ago, and yet she talked of the island as if Singapore had always been her home. He supposed for her it would be, if she went ahead and married Ethan Tan. His gaze fell upon Joyann, and his brow knitted at the coincidence of looking at her as he thought of her husband; she spoke little of the affair these days, which Percy found something of a relief. Other people’s grief did not suit him.
‘You’re sitting with Joyann, Trudy and myself, plus two I don’t know,’ Norm said, brightly.
*
Hester, Phrike and Meera found themselves seated together, with three women who clearly knew one another better than they knew them. After initial introductions, the table naturally divided, the night’s topic seldom bringing the two halves together.

Proof of Existence, Schrödinger’s Cat

All had known the topic ahead of the evening, since it was written on the invitation, but as Hester read it aloud, Meera sighed despondently.
‘I know, Meera. Too heavy for a dinner topic,’ Hester agreed.
‘Too heavy anytime,’ Meera said. Her eyes met the old woman’s. ‘We could talk about something else?’
Phrike remained silent, bound up in a tuxedo that was too small, but that clearly had been striking before his muscular frame had thickened with age.
‘You do understand the meaning?’ asked Hester.
‘Of course I do,’ Meera replied, a little sharply. ‘It’s that cat in a box thing. Is the cat there when you cannot see it? Can it be dead and alive at the same time? This makes for a short discussion, as far as I am concerned, because the answer is yes; it is there because it was put there. And if it went in alive, then so long as a month has not passed, it remains alive. That is the answer: still there and still alive. So silly, lah.’
Hester grinned, ‘Careful, Meera, you have started talking about it…’
‘And finished talking about it,’ Meera said, smiling. ‘Your dress suits you,’ she added.
‘Oh, this old thing. I have had it many years.’ Hester smoothed the lacy grey silk sleeve covering her arm. It was a nice dress. Though she did not normally concern herself with such things, she had felt that her own friends had seen it too many times and so stopped wearing it. It was nice to give it an airing. She sniffed the arm, lightly, ‘Smells of mothballs.’
 ‘Meera?’
‘Yes Phrike?’ Meera’s black eyes seemed glassy as she looked at him.
‘How can you be so sure about the cat?’
‘Because you would hear it moving and breathing. Besides, if you opened the box you would find it there. It would probably scratch your eyes out.’
‘But what if it wasn’t there when you weren’t looking at it?’
‘Hmm, you sound like my little brother when he is doing his homework, lah.’
Hester took a sip of wine, ‘But how do you answer Phrike’s question, Meera?’
‘Uh, hello? I have no intention of talking about this.’
‘So you agree the cat might not be there?’ Phrike smiled.
Meera tutted, and refused to reply, choosing instead to straighten the straps of her dress.
Phrike watched. 
Hester watched Phrike watching. ‘You look lovely,’ she said. ‘The dress was expensive?’
Meera nodded.
‘Beautician’s clearly make a good living, Meera.’
‘It was bought for me.’
‘I say this,’ Hester said, ‘that Meera is right and the cat is still there. To suggest something might not exist when human eyes are not upon it is an outmoded view, though possibly that was not the reasoning behind the original statement. I think it was more to do with mathematics. Or was it physics? Anyway, satellites and other sorts of cameras prove that the only thing that happens when we are not present, is that the natural world gets along far more easily and safely.’
‘People use it to justify the existence of God,’ Phrike said. ‘You can’t see it but you know that it’s there.’
‘Are you a believer?’ Hester enquired.
‘No.’
‘Meera?’
‘My family is Hindu, as you know, but I am not. I am not sure what I believe, except the cat is alive in the box.’
‘But do you think there could be a God? Or Gods?’ Noticing Meera’s hesitation, Hester added, ‘If you had to say, either way.’
‘Then no. I do not believe in either God or Gods.’
Hester looked at the pair, and understood that in her earlier assessment she had read them correctly. These were two people who would never believe in a leader just because someone else did. They would never accept the Prophet of God was walking amongst them, because the Prophet of Nothing was nothing.
‘Do you believe in God?’ Phrike asked Hester.
She smiled, ‘I certainly do believe that our first course is here. I am absolutely ravenous. Now, about Schrödinger’s Cat. Why do you think Schrödinger felt this question needed asking?’ Hester looked at the queen scallops that had been placed before her, thinking that if these really were queen scallops then they had travelled a long way, all the way from England. She had eaten queenies before, on the Isle of Man, where the scallop was harvested. She couldn’t remember if this was exactly as the scallop looked then. It must be surely, to be called queen? She wondered if maybe there were other places queenies could be found? She thought hard and recalled it was specifically Manx queenies that she had eaten then. Wherever the precise location, they’d have come from Europe surely, she decided, as she placed one in her mouth. What a long way, she thought again, but then she had seen Devon crab for sale in Thailand. She smiled. Coincidentally, that sighting was shortly after eating Devon crab on the Jurassic Coast in England; Dorset rather than Devon, but very nearby. She enjoyed England, though had never lived there. Would she like to live there?
‘Hester. Do you agree with Meera?’
‘Say it again, dear. Sorry.’
Meera began to re-explain what she’d said, but again Hester’s attention was drawn elsewhere. This time, not distant European shores, but much closer to home; to another table. 
Trudy saw her looking and came over, large glass of red wine in hand, long blue dress tight, strapless bodice causing her firm bosom to push up towards her shoulders. ‘How’s it going?’ she asked, dark purple line staining her lips.
‘Fine. You?’
Trudy glanced back to her table, at Norm gazing at Percy, who was talking, frowning and eating all at the same time. ‘Absolutely marvellous,’ she gasped. ‘Percy seems to have an answer for everything. Guess what he thinks about the cat?’ 
Meera fell silent, making way for Trudy.
‘What?’ Hester hoped it was good.
‘He said the question would have more relevance if Schrödinger had asked whether or not the box still existed, if it was inside the cat. Brilliant, don’t you think?’
‘Brilliant,’ Hester agreed, though in her mind her reply was a question: brilliant or total nonsense? But this was the thing with philosophy.
As an excited child, Trudy hurried back to her table.
Hester apologised to Meera for the interruption.
‘Hey, not problem, lah. That was exactly what I was saying.’
‘It was not!’ said Phrike, cheerfully,
Meera grinned and took a long slug of wine.
‘Delicious,’ said Phrike, eating a scallop.
All those sat around the table agreed with a short hum of delight.
Someone walked by the table that Hester knew, though not well enough to know her name. With a disparaging tone, the woman whispered to Hester, ‘What do you think of the topic?’
Hester wrinkled her nose and shook her head a little. When the woman had gone, she smiled. The topic was splendid, and the reaction to it everything she had hoped for, when she had suggested it to the woman she knew Percy had labelled, Vlad the Impala.
7. HAW PAR VILLA, AGAIN
 ‘I am telling you that this is the spitting image of Ken Dodd,’ Trudy insisted, as Hester and Norm surveyed one of the giant faces lining a wall of the park. Straggly black hair trailed down some four metres, twisted from storms and fiddling fingers.
‘And I am telling you that I have never heard of Ken Dodd!’ Hester replied.
‘Well, if it is Ken Dodd, I hope never to meet him, whoever he is,’ said Norm, wiping the sweat from his brow. ‘He looks dreadful.’
The three were with The Discussion Group at Haw Par Villa. This venue had been chosen before. Then, as now, it was not the idea of Vlad the Impala. Rather, both times it was Joyann’s idea, a suggestion made for those not working and so able to make a daytime meeting. The plan was to take a leisurely walk amongst the giant statues of gorillas, crabs and Gods, and depictions of religious scenes, soaking up the peculiarly silent atmosphere of the historic theme park. There would be no formal discussion, just whatever was prompted by what they saw, and shared with whomever they happened to be standing next to. Essentially, it was an excuse for a nice day out and a chat.
In the park somewhere, Percy and Joyann were walking together, but it had been sometime since they had been spotted.
‘I wonder what Percy thought of Ken?’ Trudy said. ‘Assuming he’s seen him.’
‘Ken who?’ Norm was feeling hot, and now thinking only of buying a bottle of water from the cafe, a short walk back through the displays.
‘Dodd!’ Trudy exclaimed, seeming exasperated. 
‘Would he recognise this face as Ken Dodd’s?’ Hester questioned. ‘Neither Norm or myself have any idea who he is.’
‘Of course, he’s a well-known English comedian. For our generation, anyway.’
Hester smiled, ‘Perhaps he would know him, then.’
‘Hot isn’t it?’ Trudy said.
‘It is. I think there will be a storm later. It’s been quite a few days since we had any rain,’ Hester was fanning herself with a theatre programme she had pulled from her bag.
Norm noticed it was for The Tempest. ‘Have you seen it recently?’
‘Yes. It’s a favourite of mine.’
‘Shall we take a break?’ he suggested, thinking nothing more of Hester’s statement, finding no need to enquire as to why her favourite Shakespearean play was one of illusion manipulating reality. His own favourite, selected from the few he knew, was Othello: love, deception and tragedy. By chance, he’d seen it twice, and on both occasions his emotions heaved and pulled sorrowfully at the terrible injustice of it all. Verity still enjoyed his occasional rendition of it, watching with mirth while her husband dragged himself about their apartment uttering my Desdemona, miserably.
 ‘I am desperate for a drink. I’m glad I didn’t bring Cocoa, she would have been far too hot today,’ he said.
‘An ice-lolly, perhaps,’ Hester suggested. As they moved away from the giant faces and began wandering towards the inviting cool of the café, she added. ‘I think Percy might be starting to understand he is more than he seems.’ She said it with a thoughtful air, as if no reply were needed.
Norm was instantly drawn in, ‘How so?’
‘Yes,’ said Trudy, ‘What do you mean?’
‘I was recalling a conversation he and Joyann had the last time we came here. Do you remember, Trudy, when we saw them after they’d been through the Ten Courts of Hell?’
‘I certainly remember the courts, Hester.’ Trudy’s face moved a fraction, despite a recent Botox treatment, ‘Horrific.’
‘Anyway,’ Hester continued, ‘I can’t remember her exact words, but Joyann was saying Percy had just said that suffering for our sins is not right. He thinks we should put our past wickedness behind us and move on.’ Norm listened attentively, as Hester continued. ‘It is quite plain that Percy has some very specific beliefs. I have overheard other conversations where it was made apparent that he does not believe in retribution, but instead the achievement of enlightenment.’
‘Like a Buddhist?’ Trudy asked.
Hester didn’t reply, but stopped walking as if the breath had gone from her. ‘He believes in reincarnation.’ She flapped the theatre programme close to her face.
Trudy and Norm stopped beside her.
‘Are you certain of this?’ Norm asked. Through his own Mormon faith, Norm had in a sense also embraced the idea of further lives, the chosen few moving through new planes after death. Norm wanted to discuss it further, but Hester abruptly changed the subject.
*
‘This feels like an anniversary, Percy.’
‘Of?’
Joyann slowly smiled, ‘Of the time we came here and you had your last red bean and green tea ice-lolly.’
Percy looked at the lolly, ‘I can’t find them anywhere else. Anyway, an anniversary is a yearly event and that was only a few months ago,’
‘You cannot find them because you do not look in the right places.’ Joyann peeled away the thin paper wrapper of her matching ice-lolly. ‘I see that Norman and his girlfriends are here.’ She nodded towards the trio, who were obviously planning to join them in the café. Already sitting nearby on white plastic chairs, in overheated silence, were most of The Discussion Group. ‘All three of them are looking at you. They spend much of their time looking at you. You remember what I said?’
‘No, what? You’ve said a lot of things to me.’
‘That Norman’s interest in you is a little too extreme. He hangs on your every word. And they,’ she nodded at Trudy and Hester again, ‘are not helping.’
‘Like when? Give me an example of when Norm has overstepped the mark. But a recent one; not from when he thought he was being helpful with that bloody rodent, when I was feeling down about Sal leaving. Or when we had chilli crab in Clarke Quay and he got all excited about some silly statement I made. I think that night he wasn’t feeling himself.’
‘Nor were you, Percy, as I remember.’
‘Thank you, Joyann, for reminding me that I soiled myself in a taxi.’
‘I still feel very sorry for the way I reacted. At the time, I did not realise you were so unwell.’
‘It’s fine.’
‘It is not fine, as you say.’
Percy shrugged.
‘You know,’ Joyann said, ‘I have an example. Only the other night, at the card game, he was being overly attentive.’
‘He’s always overly attentive, Joyann. That is not my point. What I am saying is I don’t think his new friends are necessarily making it worse.’
‘The Tanglin Club.’ Joyann raised an eyebrow, as she said it.
It was true that Norm had been particularly clingy during the dinner, and sitting between him and Trudy, Percy had been left feeling as if he had, in some extraordinary way, been assaulted. At the time, a small part of him wondered if they were playing a kind of prank, but the idea had died before it took breath, suffocated by the fact that neither had the gumption to do such a thing. Both Norm and Trudy, in Percy’s view, were unrelentingly silly. 
But Percy didn’t want to admit there was indeed something extreme in the level of affection both parties displayed towards him. Admitting it meant recognition, which in turn meant giving it airtime, and giving an idea airtime risked it taking that crucial breath.
Carefully, he bit off a small corner of the green coloured ice cream, savouring the sweet flavour. He particularly enjoyed the texture, which reminded him of pureed chestnuts and nice Christmases spent with Sal, as she cooked in her parents’ kitchen. He’d liked her parents, well enough. 
‘You think?’ was all he said in reply. 
Joyann raised her eyebrow higher. ‘I do not think. I know.’
As Hester, Trudy and Norm passed by, Percy felt awkward. There was genuine affection in their faces. They appeared to be heading for the café counter, but Trudy diverted.
‘Percy. You’ve heard of Ken Dodd, right?’
‘Uh, yeah.’
Trudy looked back to her friends. ‘See?’ She smiled at Percy warmly. ‘You don’t forget your past, do you?’
The tone alluded to a shared past, but other than this, Percy had no idea what she was talking about.
‘Ken Dodd?’ asked Joyann, as Trudy walked away.
‘Just a guy; an old British comedian. Shall we take these down to the Ten Courts of Hell?’ he held up his ice-lolly. ‘I’d quite like another look down there. It’s hot, but I’d prefer to move than stay here.’ He was desperate to get away before the doe-eyed trio returned. Though he’d grown used to Norm’s affection, three pairs of eyes roaming over him was six eyes too many.
‘Of course.’ Joyann stood up.
Percy did the same, sweaty underpants sticking to his buttocks. He made himself comfortable, and then took a large bite of ice-lolly. He winced, as pain shot through his teeth and into his head.
‘Sensitive?’ Joyann asked.
Holding his mouth as if stopping his teeth from falling out, Percy nodded sharply.
Joyann chuckled, ‘At least part of you is.’
‘Hey.’
‘Sorry. Come. We should go. They are coming back.’
Joyann walked away and Percy followed, the pain lessening. He hoped it was not a sign of something worse than sensitivity. He was overdue for a dental check up.
‘Is Phrike joining us today, Percy?’ 
Percy shook his head.
‘Meera?’
He shrugged.
‘So tell me, why the Ten Courts of Hell again? Are you feeling guilty, Percy? Do you think you need to be reminded of your fate if you do not mend your ways?’
‘My memory of it is that mending your ways isn’t even an option. If some poor sod has done something wrong, then he’s done something wrong, end of. He has to pay. There’s no room for penance while he’s alive. He can’t rip a page from a book and then stick it back in, and get away with it.’
‘The defacing of books is a terrible thing, Percy. I think this is all that is meant by it. It is how people educated themselves before the Internet.’
Percy dropped the wooden stick of his lolly into a bin. ‘What if someone deletes a page from someone else’s document? What then?’
‘That sort of deletion is never absolute. But the principle is the same.’
‘But to be boiled alive in a wok of blood? Really?’
‘Was that the punishment? I thought it was being ground under a millstone.’
Percy looked ahead, ‘We’ll find out in a moment.’
Joyann pointed to an arrow, marked Gift Shop. ‘I want to buy some Tiger Balm today. Do not let me forget. It is expensive here, but I will not have time to get some from anywhere else.’
‘This park was probably built on the proceeds,’ Percy remarked.
‘I suppose it was. I am visiting my mother later, and she likes it very much. She’s not been well.’
Percy did not ask what was wrong. Instead he strode ahead and into the dark cave. As on his first visit, he stopped next to a model depicting three bridges: the lowest heading straight to hell, the middle for the ordinary sinner, and the highest bridge for the righteous and leading directly to heaven. This bridge was empty, as it was the last time Percy had seen it.
‘Why is there never anyone on that bridge?’
‘It’s for the pure.’
‘I know that. But you’d think that just occasionally whoever makes these replicas, or whatever you want to call them…’
‘Representations.’
‘You’d think whoever creates them would try and make it all a bit more realistic. Perhaps have someone cross that top one, from time to time. Okay, not totally realistic, because this isn’t real, but you get my meaning.’
‘Do pure people exist?’
‘Of course.’
‘I think that is not possible.’
‘Then why bother with the bridge? No footfall, no bridge.’
‘I suppose there must be some who are. Babies and children. Or people who have devoted their lives to something noble.’
‘Exactly. Hey, look at that Joyann. Maybe they do change things round from time to time.’
‘What is the matter?’
‘Look. At the end of the top bridge. There, do you see? Almost out of sight. I am sure that shifty looking white guy wasn’t there last time.’
‘What white guy?’ Joyann moved in front of Percy. ‘Where?’
‘And those three women, on the bottom bridge. An old lady, a plastic looking white woman, and… what’s this… a small Singaporean woman carrying a book with some pages ripped out.’
‘Percy!’
He grinned. Without Joyann, his life would be lonely, he knew. 
8. CULTIVATING
Increasingly, mornings or afternoons, sometimes evenings, a newly formed group would meet. They met at first because they were friends, and Hester had declared that spending some time away from The Discussion Group, whilst maintaining its purpose, was therapeutic.
‘That group really can be too large sometimes,’ she had declared, early one evening after The Discussion Group had dispersed, having taken up a large space inside the Shangri La hotel. ‘And it is too elitist. I don’t wish to complain, but I preferred it before that woman took over.’
‘You mean Vlad the Impala?’ Trudy had said, her face freshly stiffened.
‘Let’s go for a coffee. I need one. That meeting wasn’t at all relaxing. And the topic!’ Norm rolled his eyes.
‘Coffee?’ Hester questioned. ‘I thought caffeine was a sin, Norman?’
‘I am not sure it is possible for caffeine itself to be a sin, Hester, but I was using the word coffee generically. If I’d said that I needed a drink, you’d think I meant wine and we’d be having the same conversation anyway.’
‘I enjoyed it,’ Trudy said, meekly.
‘Enjoyed what?’ Hester then asked.
‘The topic.’
‘The Perils of Surgery Abroad?’ Hester had huffed the words dismissively, and instructed Norm to choose somewhere to go. And so a café in Tanglin Mall on Orchard Road witnessed the inaugural meeting of a group that would soon be known by a name all of its own.
Unlike official Discussion Group meetings, the get-togethers were fluid, odd episodes here and there, talking over breakfast, perhaps continuing over brunch or lunch the next day, whatever they felt inclined to do with the excessive free time they shared. Meera, the only worker amongst them, fitted her time as best she could.
On the face of it, the four friends could not be more different: Norm, a repressed and rootless second generation expat; Meera, a young local woman with everything ahead of her; Trudy, an insecure and disillusioned middle aged housewife; Hester, a rich and friendly old matriarch. But they were remarkably similar, for whether borne of other people’s expectations or their own, each carried an uncomfortable space in their heart. 
Only two of the four knew how to satisfy the void. Without the security of her family’s traditional religion, Meera forged ahead regardless; making her own way, content to patch the cavity by taking what she wanted and stuffing it in. Hester allowed creativity to fill it, this strange space formed long ago in some unremembered childhood moment; a lost time where Hester’s very first lie had made a half-decent lid for a space that had seemed to appear from nowhere. 
*
Hester would have drummed her fingers hard on the table, but they were full of arthritis and today particularly stiff, so she opted for light tapping instead. Finally, she caught the waiter’s eye.
‘A small cappuccino, please, and some date and walnut cake; the biggest slice you have. Thank you.’ 
She was waiting for Norm and Trudy, after arranging a meeting that deliberately excluded Meera. Today, she did not want any of that grounding common sense interfering with other people’s more flexible thought processes.
Hester looked from the window and down to the sea of people moving below. The area around the fountain, which aside from reddish brown stonework was the signature of Ngee Ann City mall, was the least crowded space. Somewhere else, in another country, this area would be packed with gatherings of tourists enjoying a rest while running fingers through cool water. Not here. In Singapore, public benches were for sitting on, steps for walking up or down, low walls for the briefest pause for a photograph, or better still, passing by. So many years, and still she noticed such things. Not for the first time, a particular irony struck her. For the underclass, the group whose labour still built the walls and steps, fountains and malls, the rules seemed to bend. As for all, immigrant workers must not sit here or walk there, but were free to sleep on the pavement, or wherever else they happened to be working. But then maybe they just did it, regardless, she thought.
Very quickly her gaze was caught by the nimble form of Norman Sullivan, trim as ever, and crisply dressed in a short-sleeved white shirt and mid-blue trousers. He always cut a very clean figure, she thought, as he moved through the masses with the elegance of a swan gliding across a lake. Hester watched him, wondering if he was as happy as he always seemed. She suspected not. In her experience, almost eighty years, it was not possible to be truly content if one part of life conflicted absolutely with another. It was a favour, then, to finally free him from the bigotry of the Mormon Church. She followed his movements until Norm disappeared from view, making his way to the main entrance. 
She would not spot Trudy, Hester knew, for Trudy would already be inside somewhere, browsing shoes and clothing, jewellery possibly, and thoroughly enjoying Takashimaya, the mall department store. What would she buy today, Hester wondered? For she would not arrive empty handed.
Her order came, and Hester immediately took a forkful of cake, revelling in the sense of satisfaction offered by the burst of endorphin, as sweet richness filled her mouth. It was delicious, and if it were all gone before the others arrived she would have another slice. Today was not a day where moderation had any place. Another mouthful. Her attention returned to the task at hand. If this game was a favour for Norm then what was it for Trudy? A favour also, Hester decided, without a great deal of effort, and for several reasons. 
She had seen the way Trudy looked at Percy. He was not a bad looking man, with a manner people either enjoyed or disliked. But more significantly, when he spoke, he did so with a candour Trudy was clearly finding irresistible. Trudy was a purposeless sort of woman, Hester knew, the variety of drifter who instead of finding pleasure in the ambling ride of life always preferred for others to take the reins. In this way, she and Norm were very similar: voluntarily directionless yet desiring management. Strip them to their bare bones, and they were nothing more complicated than two people avoiding responsibility. 
Trudy was not looking for complication; she wasn’t seeking an antidote to the monotony of her own luxurious way of life. Nor was affirmation her goal, for she knew who she was, like herself or not. What she unwittingly sought was similar to that which certain types of high court judge seek, Hester felt, the gavel-handling wig-bearer looking to a specialist brothel, longing to slip into a giant baby-grow and suckle an over-sized teat. For a few hours, relieved of the burden of decision-making and power, and of course hundreds of pounds, the judge would enjoy a thoroughly powdered bottom. Trudy’s burden of power came in the form of limitless freedom and effortless wealth, a useless combination in a woman believing herself to be of no interest to anyone. To be gathered up was her fantasy; she was reading Percy’s behaviour as masterful. It was a short step from masterful to all-knowing. Another reason Hester’s planned deception might benefit Trudy was in the refocusing of an artificially shaped eye that too often looked upon resection as positive change. If she had more to think about than delaying ageing, she would be far happier. This was Hester’s verdict.
Hester shook her head a little as the final mouthful of cake went in. Too many women, and, she supposed, men, thought they could cheat time. Well, one day they would have to stop and confront that ticking clock; and what a meeting that would be. Skin stretched too thin, fat-sucked flesh gone scrawny, facial muscles withered and sagging from lack of exercise and paralysis. What a face they would be faced with. If she could help Trudy avoid this fate, prevent her from revisiting teenage angst in later life, then more than a little good would have come of the ruse.
Looking up, Hester saw Norm and Trudy together, waiting to be seated. Her grey eyes sparkled. For all the positives, the greatest was very simple: the whole thing would be enormously good fun. It was many years since she had fabricated something intricate, and she had never attempted anything so extreme. This was to be her pièce de résistance.
Smiling, she waved them over, but they were coming anyway. Norm sat down, and taking a seat, Trudy placed several bags by her feet.
‘Something nice?’ Hester enquired.
‘Just a few pairs of sandals, and a couple of new bikinis. The elasticity fails so quickly here, I’m not sure if it’s the humidity or the chlorine or salt or whatever, but I seem to buy a new swimsuit almost every two months. Have been for years.’
Hester made sympathetic noises. It really did amount to a very large number of swimsuit purchases. Norm also commiserated the regular demise of Trudy’s swimwear. Hester was unable to recall the last time she had been for a swim or even lounged in a pool. Her own was used only by her husband for his morning exercise. He still worked despite his age, rising with the sun and arriving back home as it set.
‘This is pleasant,’ Norm said. ‘I do love a cup of coffee in a nice café. Feels very civilised.’
On this occasion, Hester overlooked Norm’s use of the word coffee. A waiter came to take the order. ‘You should both have some date and walnut cake,’ Hester encouraged, ‘it’s delicious. I’m having another piece.’
Trudy declined and ordered green tea, while with no further persuasion Norm agreed to the cake, also requesting a small hot chocolate with whipped cream and marshmallows. 
‘A treat,’ he claimed, ‘because it must be somebody’s birthday, somewhere.’
When the waiter had gone, Hester felt obliged to ask him why he suddenly felt able to drink chocolate. ‘It contains caffeine. I know you have avoided it in the past.’
Raising open hands, shoulders lifted, head slowly moving side to side, Norm looked as if he were weighing something very heavy. Hester watched while he did this for some moments, his open mouth seeming to be on the verge of speaking. He sagged, and said nothing.
Hester had been carefully working towards this moment for some time, creating, she hoped, an atmosphere where her influence would have all the scope needed to inject an idea into ready minds. Trudy was in need, as much as she could possibly be, of something extraordinary happening to her, and Norm, Hester now knew for certain, was a man whose faith in the LDS church had cracked. Moments such as this were never guaranteed to present when called upon, indeed, to ever present at all; wasted effort the price of playing any game. She could only trust that everything would come together. 
Trudy remained quiet, looking for the waiter to bring her drink. 
Norm was studying a serviette.
Hester prepared herself for the launch.
She pushed a long slow breath through her nose. Sitting perfectly still, with her hair bundled up on top as always, elegantly draped shawls and skirts today in shades of ochre and terracotta, her neat fingers now covering her clever mouth, she might have been posing for a portrait; an introspective of the ancient expat.
Norm was first to notice the change in mood, though it took a few seconds more than expected. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked.
Hester didn’t respond.
‘Hester?’ he said again.
Trudy’s attention followed Norm’s. ‘Hester? Whatever is it? Whatever’s the matter?’
The grey gaze withdrew from the dramatic middle distance and fell upon the table, as if inspecting with horror some invisible mess. Swollen fingers remained where they were, bridging thin lips.
‘Hester?’ Norm insisted. ‘What is it?’
With considered control, her hand slowly fell away from her mouth, coming to rest on Norm’s bare arm. It was an intimate gesture. She squeezed gently, and remained silent.
Trudy reached out, mimicking the action, placing her hand on Hester’s forearm, creating a chain of three.
‘I saw something,’ Hester muttered.
Norm and Trudy waited. 
The pause extended until Norm pressed Hester to explain herself. ‘It was on Orchard Road,’ she said.
‘And?’ Trudy looked to Norm, then back to the elderly woman.
‘Percy.’
‘What about Percy?’ There was deepening interest apparent in Trudy’s tone.
‘I saw Percy on Orchard Road.’
‘Isn’t he out with Phrike today, walking in the wetlands at Sungei Buloh?’
‘It wasn’t today that I saw him, Trudy,’ Hester said.
The waiter came with their order, and all hands retreated.
‘You saw Percy on Orchard Road…’ Norm encouraged.
‘I did.’ Hester took a trembling breath. ‘I feel foolish now. Forget I said anything.’
Norm frowned, wrinkling his brow, darkly tanned beneath his white hair. ‘But you’ve hardly said anything at all.’
‘I know that Norman, but… well… I felt a little uneasy with what I saw, and now… well… saying it out loud makes it seem…’ she shook her head, then stopped.
‘What?’ both insisted.
‘No. I feel a total fool saying it, so forgive me if I choose not to. I wish I hadn’t brought it up.’
‘I will forgive no such thing,’ Norm retorted. ‘Come on, we’re all friends here. You saw Percy on Orchard Road. And?’
Hester pushed her shoulders back and sighed. Her gaze switched from Norm to Trudy and back again, eyes narrowed as if assessing something. Her fingers returned to her mouth, this time only briefly. Frowning slightly, she said, ‘Okay. I’ll tell you. But don’t blame me if you end up wishing I hadn’t. And do not accuse me of being mad. I am not mad.’
Norm rested his elbows on the table and leaned forward, listening; Trudy mirrored him.
‘Oh Lordy, where to start?’
‘The beginning is always a good place,’ Norm said.
Hester permitted the smallest of smiles, ‘Cheeky.’
Unsmiling, Trudy and Norm stared at her expectantly.
She allowed a long weary breath to ease out, before closing her eyes and clasping her hands together on top of the table. ‘The beginning,’ she opened her eyes, making certain to look equally at both. ‘I needed to buy some underwear from Marks and Spencer, and so thought I would walk there from a friend’s house; she lives on Nassim Road. Sometimes her driver drops me off, especially if she’s decided to join me. She’s my age but not as fit, believe it or not. Hard to imagine anyone less fit than me, eh? Well, I can tell you I am not half bad for my age.
‘Her home is lovely, a great pile of a place. Beautiful. I usually stay for lunch and then if I am shopping on my own, I go for my walk. Walking is good exercise for me, a little hot, of course, but pleasant enough in its own way. Orchard Road is not exactly the Botanic Gardens, Norman, but it offers me a little reminder that life still buzzes on busily, out there, beyond my quiet and comfortable world in Alexandra Road. Also, there is purpose in the exercise. Unlike you, I no longer have any dogs to keep me active. Frankly, unless I have to walk, I can’t be bothered.
‘I like taking this particular route because if the heat becomes too much I can move into the air-conditioning and walk inside instead, or stop for a drink, or find a taxi home. I have done this – given up – once or twice, getting only as far as Forum before wondering what on earth I was doing. Anyway, this particular day wasn’t quite as humid as usual, and everywhere was fairly quiet, so I managed to walk almost the whole way to Wheelock Place without stopping for a rest. Do you go to that Marks, or the one at Vivo?’ Her focus was on Trudy.
‘Neither.’
‘No. I suppose not.’ A pause followed.
‘Percy?’ Norm reminded.
‘I am getting there, Norman. You said start at the beginning.’
‘I didn’t mean the beginning of the year,’ he smiled, gently.
‘You’ve got it about you, today, Norman.’
‘Percy?’ he said again.
‘I was at Wheelock place when I thought I saw Percy. He was waiting to go over the road, the crossing by Ion, and I thought I would speak. Well, by the time I was close enough, the lights had changed and he was off, and so, swept up by the crowd, I found myself crossing too. It was then I noticed the man.’
‘The man?’ Trudy said.
‘Yes. As Percy was walking he was also talking with an elderly Chinese man, the poor soul had the most terrible limp. He was staggering around after Percy, and you know how Percy can be, I could see that he was trying to get away. They were almost arguing, I’d say. Percy stopped once they were outside Ion…’
‘I love Ion,’ Trudy interrupted, ‘beautiful mall. Great shops.’
‘Expensive,’ Norm said. ‘Verity loves Ion, too. Carry on Hester.’
‘They were in the large open area to the front; you know the one, where the huge Christmas tree is every year? It was the most extraordinary thing to watch, to see Percy wrestling himself free from the grip of this funny old man yet never walking off as he might, as he easily could have. The old man was determined, and he utterly refused to be rejected. But Percy could have got away. They were sort of tussling, the man clutching at Percy, though sometimes he was banging Percy’s back. As I said, Percy certainly could have walked away, and very easily. I would say this was evident to anyone watching, and there were a few of us. But he seemed to be tussling with himself as much as the man.’
‘How peculiar.’ Trudy said, though no part of her stiff face appeared to express puzzlement.
‘Very peculiar, dear. But not half as peculiar as what happened next. After this had gone on for some time, long enough for me to be quite close and really observe them, though not close enough to speak…’
‘You didn’t call out?’
‘Trudy! How long have you lived in Singapore? I wouldn’t dream of it.’
The slight sharpness of Hester’s tone seemed to offer a natural break, and so they all took a sip of their drinks, Norm and Hester both eating a little cake.
‘Besides’ she said, shortly, ‘I am not as steady on my feet as I used to be, and didn’t want to risk them bumping into me. You can’t risk a fall at my age. Especially not on hard ground.’
‘So what happened next?’ asked Trudy.
Hester drew herself up, ‘Well, somehow the man finally managed to persuade Percy to stop fidgeting about, and then a rather subdued Percy put his hands on the man’s thigh. His left leg, I think it was, not that it matters. Percy stayed like this for… goodness… I would guess thirty seconds or so, though at the time it felt like several minutes. Then he stopped and let go.’
‘And?’ 
‘And, Trudy, the man started leaping about excitedly, before shaking Percy’s hand until I thought it might fall off! Percy was very quiet compared to the man, though I thought I saw a small smile. Of course, that could be wishful thinking. After that, the old Chinese man walked away very quickly, as if walking were the greatest gift he had ever been given.’
‘You said he’d been limping; crippled in some way?’ Trudy said.
Hester took her time before replying. ‘Exactly. So what on earth do we make of that?’
9. SUNGEI BULOH
 ‘Be Aware, Crocodiles. Not Beware of the Crocodiles, just Be Aware.’
‘It’s a nature reserve, Perc.’
‘What sort do you think they are?’
‘Same as they get down-under,’ Phrike said, ‘salties.’
Percy and Phrike were walking. The day was hot, the high humidity smothering Percy’s skin as if attempting to kill him, soggy tendrils of moisture filling every pore with water. The back of his shirt was wet, underpants and socks soaked with sweat. Not so many months ago he would have angrily railed against the inhumanity of a person being expected to survive such a climate, but now he simply drank more water and carried on as if being steamed alive were quite normal. He slugged from his bottle a routine mouthful of water, having learned that dehydration doesn’t feel like thirst.
‘Reckon there are monkeys?’ Phrike asked.
Percy shook his head, and recalling the assault upon him by a male long-tailed macaque in MacRitchie Reservoir Park, was pleased to be somewhere monkeys were not. ‘At least crocs don’t rob you.’
‘Just eat you.’
‘At least they’re not eating your favourite biscuits.’
‘Unless they’re in your pocket.’
‘Yeah, unless they’re in your pocket.’ Percy raised an eyebrow and looked to his friend. ‘You keep biscuits in your shorts?’ 
Phrike withdrew two rich tea biscuits. Neither was wrapped. He offered one to Percy, who declined.
Percy had been looking forward to this day, long planned but even longer in coming to fruition. Both lovers of natural history, he and Phrike often visited the various reserves located around the more central parts of Singapore, but this outlying wetland had been hard to reach, since neither man was in possession of a car, Phrike having lost his when his expat package was cut. These days, all packages are eventually cut, he had told Percy, regaling a time when even his grocery bill was included. 
When Percy finally bothered to check the Internet, he quickly learned they could travel by MRT to the district of Kranji, and at Kranji catch a bus stopping within a fifteen-minute walk of Sungei Buloh.
The over-ground element of the journey had fascinated him, watching in awe as polished sophistication gave way to the scruffy and dirty streets of light industry; a view back into Singapore’s recent past. Scattered throughout were derelict buildings, some with the look of the military about them, others so overgrown it was hard to tell.
As the bus moved on, Percy discovered a small part of himself was feeling regretful. Sal, his wife, who in better times was affectionately named Oracles in deference to both her knowledge and her voluptuous figure, would have had plenty of stories to share about what he might see on such a journey. She would have thoroughly armed him with information over dinner the night before. For all he knew, the warehouse he and Phrike were now driving by was actually one of the infamous bases for immigrant workers, beds piled high and hot. But how could he now be sure, without the benefit of Sal’s on-tap knowledge? Another thought; was this type of housing illegal? It was hard to know, because a profitable divide often dictated rules.
Percy had stopped looking from the window and frowned. Sal must have said something about it all at some point, otherwise how would he know as much as he did? He hadn’t learned it from anyone else. The frown deepened. That she still wormed a way into his psyche was annoying. His angry eyebrows lifted and formed a look of despondency. Her knowledge had been learned from Ethan Tan, which meant that all he, Percy Field, had learned was from Ethan Tan. Ethan fucking Tan! Ethan. Ethan! What kind of name was Ethan, he asked himself; a question Percy never ceased to ask Sal. Why did all Singaporean men have this name Ethan? She had been so unoriginal, but then that was Sal, he griped to himself; busily transforming herself into a human Barbie doll, because conformity was all she knew. He reprimanded himself for imagining what he would have learned had they taken dinner together, because more often than not, towards the end, they never did. Percy felt his brain had been violated, ignoring the fact that he himself had searched out the information buried there, and therefore only he could be held accountable for revived awareness; of the vacancy for human encyclopaedia on all things Singapore. 
He forgot about Sal soon enough when the bus stopped. At a rural looking car park, he and Phrike climbed off with adventure in their hearts. Though undoubtedly countryside, the area wasn’t exactly wild. It was, however, open and green and obviously filled with living things. Comfortably cool from the bus, the hot air had felt thick and clinging, but both men threw on their rucksacks and started the short hike to the wetland reserve without a single moan. 
‘Do you reckon the crocs here know about that crocodile farm we walked passed?’ Phrike said, as they rounded another bend on a wetland trail. Here, raised paths surrounded former prawn ponds, slowing the retreat of the tidal waters between Malaysia and Singapore, the flood tide pouring in through various old sluice gates twice daily. ‘Imagine knowing you can come and go whenever you want but your cousins have to live in tiny concrete pools waiting to die.’
‘That’s cheerful,’ Percy remarked.
‘It’s not my farm.’
‘I don’t think empathy and compassion are features of the average croc.’ Just then, Percy was stopped in his tracks by Phrike’s arm.
 ‘Look,’ Phrike whispered.
‘What?’
‘Is that a crocodile? There.’ Phrike indicated a mass of old branches and muddy water, ‘A few feet out. Not a big one.’
Percy struggled to find it, but then could see exactly what Phrike was pointing at. ‘Maybe.’
Stealthily, the pair moved closer. Phrike slowly withdrew his binoculars, and Percy his phone, hoping for a picture. It was hard to know exactly what it was, though plainly it was something more interesting than a log. Percy could feel excitement rising.
While they watched, the dark form began to move, heading for the shore. What was revealed to be nothing more than a Malayan water monitor lizard clambered out, flumping down on the path a short distance ahead of them. Percy felt the creature had done it deliberately, not to reveal its true identity, more in an effort to disappoint. It was the way it looked at him, its small head angled his way, eyes filled with dull satisfaction. Percy scowled.
‘Shame.’ Phrike said, ‘But he’s a beauty. Walk round him?’
‘Sure,’ Percy agreed, while remembering a time at MacRitchie where he’d rerouted his entire walk to avoiding getting this close. He was fond of reptiles, but never felt fond should equal foolish, not with an animal as big as this one.
Keeping to the edge of the path, they passed the lizard by. Restricting himself to a single backward glance, Percy then continued to scan the paths and trees, water’s edge and muddy banks, for wildlife. As a nature lover living in a city where wildlife maintained a significant presence, the habit of looking was well formed.
But as they strolled and searched, ever alert to the possibility of crocodiles and snakes, Percy began to sense that it was to be one of those days. Most days spent trekking in search of nature rewarded him with some interesting sighting or another, but occasionally there were days when all he saw were things he had seen many times, such as the giant monitor.
The unfolding of one of those days usually made Percy tense as he searched, growing angry at the slightest noise made by other people, especially strangers. He’d been in a reserve where two people could be heard talking from so far away that Percy had time to both fly into a rage and plot his revenge. As he ‘jogged’ past the couple – two middle aged lovers so never likely to draw his sympathy – he tossed a hat-full of large red ants at them, the sort to bite and hang on. To be fair, a few had done exactly that to his hand, but Percy had taken the view of a martyr, willingly suffering for the greater-good. This event represented the only time he had ever chosen to run in Singapore, a decent length sprint as it turned out. Pulse pounding in his ears, red face fit to burst, left Percy pledging never to run there again.
Whether it was the extra walk in the form of getting from the bus stop to Sungei Buloh, or simply the fact he had finally made it there, Percy found himself feeling fairly relaxed about the lack of sightings.
His phoned pinged.
‘A friend came here once when the tides were very high,’ Phrike said, focussing on the low water beside them. ‘He had a good day. I mean, of course he was crapping himself because the water was overlapping the paths, which meant he would make an easy meal, but he saw a lot of stuff. All pushed up because of the water, I guess. He’s got a great photo of a mangrove pit viper.’
‘Not sure we’ll be as lucky,’ Percy said, reaching for his phone. He looked at it, and then put it back in his pocket.
Phrike didn’t ask, but unusually Percy felt the need to explain. ‘Message from Norm.’
Phrike nodded. He stopped to investigate movement in the leaf litter beside the path.
‘What is it?’ Percy asked.
‘A skink. It’s gone now. Messaging a lot again, is he?’
‘He’s never stopped.’
Phrike slapped the back of his hand, ‘Gotcha! I’d watch out, Perc.’
‘I’ve been fine, actually. I’m wearing a new repellent; seems pretty good. Better than the old one, anyway.’
‘Not the mozzies. Norman Sullivan. Meera was telling me how fond he is of you. Reckon he’s thinking of making a move, mate.’ 
Phrike’s subtle accent drifted, an English speaker clearly, and mostly with an English accent, but some other tone surfaced every now and then. He was a little known man whose heritage remained unidentified, occupation equally vague. Percy had never bothered to ask, and only now thought of it because Phrike’s tone shifted about, rising and falling curiously.
Percy shook his head, and then swigged from his bottle. ‘Nah. It’s not like that.’
Phrike laughed, ‘Then how is it? Face it; he’s had a thing for you since the day you met. It’s obvious.’
‘He’s Mormon.’
‘Norman the Mormon. And I thought my folks were fucking barmy. He fancies you, mate.’
Percy refused to agree. But he had thought about it, because the unavoidable truth was that Norm’s affection for him ran deep. Joyann knew it, Norm’s wife, Verity, certainly knew it, and Percy himself had known it for some time. Processing this had at first been very simple: Norm had a crush; people have crushes. But the crush as Percy saw it refused to pass, and so Percy eventually felt forced to accept that Norm did indeed fancy him.
And so what if he did? This was Percy’s overriding thought on the matter. But this blasé attitude wasn’t easy to maintain, because Norm’s open adoration sometimes made it impossible. And nor had Percy always taken such a relaxed view. There was a time when feelings close to disgust had stirred, revulsion, even; abhorrence that a man he knew quite well might be so attracted to him. This repulsion was brief, but it shocked Percy. It proved he wasn’t tolerant of others sexuality, let alone accepting of it. This was a difficult reality to face, because though Percy was a man inherently intolerant of others, what he hated most was bigotry. Yet here it was, a part of Percy’s inner self, risen up and exposed as exactly that. Thankfully this uncomfortable phase fizzled out, to be replaced by uncharacteristic feelings of guilt. Guilt, because even though Percy finally understood he wasn’t a homophobe, he still had to face the fact that for a time, however short, he had thought like one.
Now, he both liked and pitied Norm. The pity was a sorrowful thing, and not because Norm was gay. If Norm were homosexual that was Norm’s business entirely. After the merry-go-round of emotion Percy had endured, he’d arrived back where he’d started, thinking nothing of it. Gay, straight, whatever; so what? No. He pitied Norm because Norm was one of the good guys in the world, and what this good guy wanted he could never have; what he wanted he denied himself because of his own nonsensical beliefs. The magnificent Nativity visit to the LDS Church during the previous Christmas had made concrete a feeling of injustice in Percy. He had watched Norm embrace a faith that would not in turn embrace him, a man who loyally followed it, despite himself. So evolved the Percy Field that refused to engage further on the subject of Norman Sullivan with his good friend Phrike.
Phrike did not pursue it. ‘So what have we seen today?’
‘A monitor lizard, plus some egret.’
‘And the skink.’
‘Yes, you saw the skink.’
‘It’s all here, you know,’ Phrike said.
‘I know. And we’re barely half way round so we might get to see a croc yet.’
‘D’ya want to check out the next bird hide, Perc?’
‘Absolutely. I can see one just up there.’
The two men made their way into the hide. It was empty, the long, narrow rectangular window running the length of the room, allowing a wide view across the mudflats. Immediately Percy spotted something.
‘What are those pools? Look, round things in the mud?’
Phrike smiled. ‘Mudskippers make those. Look down there.’
Percy followed Phrike’s direction, and saw a large, wedge-shaped fish lying in the mud; eyes perched on top of its head. When Sal wore a face-pack, she looked very similar. It was a first for him, and there was nothing Percy liked more than a first sighting. The longer he looked, the greater numbers of mudskippers he saw, as if his eye had cracked a code. Then he looked down, close to the wall of the building.
‘Fuck!’
‘What?’
‘I dunno. It’s big. Some kind of dog, maybe.’
Phrike looked and then stepped back. ‘It’s a feral dog,’ he said, quietly. ‘Did you see the massive sore on its back?’
‘Is it dangerous?’ Percy was thinking that there were no barriers anywhere, and though he wasn’t afraid of the dog any more than he was afraid of the monitor lizard, he felt some things were best kept at a distance; that horrible sore, for one. He racked his brain for information regarding rabies, trying to haul the human encyclopaedia back into use. She refused to budge. 
‘There’s no rabies here, as far as I know,’ Phrike said, helpfully. ‘I reckon this dog is why that cage is there.’
Percy could see a square wire trap on the far side of the mudflat, sprung door open.
‘Baited, I imagine,’ Phrike went on. ‘Poor bastard didn’t ask to be born, did he?’
As they quietly talked, so the lame dog began moving off, and only then could they see her long teats. ‘Bitch. Jeez,’ Percy sighed, ‘there must be loads of them. Maybe the crocs eat the pups?’
‘Maybe.’
As the animal slowly wandered across the mud, Percy suggested they move on. Clearly there wasn’t much here, thanks to the dog. It was always good to blame.
But Phrike was motionless, staring through his binoculars. ‘Look,’ he said handing them to Percy, ‘a night heron.’ He directed Percy’s aim. 
Percy spotted it, standing amongst low branches on the bank beside a shallow trickle of muddy water. Another first. Though no fan of birds in general, a youth spent wandering here and there exploring fields and riverside, had allowed waterfowl to creep in and fill a little niche in his heart. 
The bird was similar to what Percy considered to be a regular heron, the widespread grey heron hunting in streams across Europe. But the night heron was squat by comparison, with the appearance of having had a piece of its neck removed and its head sewn directly onto its shoulders. Also, its legs looked as if they had been subjected to the same surgery. Was it attempting to be something it considered more exotic, a bittern perhaps, while a bittern might look up to the grey heron with an equal envy? Why couldn’t birds just be satisfied? 
He returned the binoculars to Phrike, wondering why the hell he was again thinking about his wife.
10. TRUDY
A youthful beauty excited by the attention of others: Trudy’s mental summary of the young woman she was speaking with had left her feeling peculiar. It was neither sadness, nor regret, nor embarrassment, and neither was it jealousy, but it was something, and she had not felt it before.
They were standing in the large foyer of a grand residence located very close to the Prime Minister’s private abode. The white marble staircase rose up on both sides, as two great water buffalo horns, turning onto wide landings joining to create a second, smaller, hall. From the magnificently high ceiling hung not one chandelier, but five, illuminating every corner. This was the house that Trudy’s premium friend called home. The woman was a much renowned socialite, seeming to sail through life with a straight back and a stern but beautifully shaped eye. To be invited to one of her parties meant more than a simple invitation to drink and eat at the host’s great expense, it meant a leap from standing outside of the expatriate elite to walking amongst its inner folds, to feel the chill of a judgemental embrace. It represented success.
 What made Trudy feel so strange was recognising herself in the young woman. She understood the pleasure that had been found on entering a world others dreamed of. The idea that people existed who did not wish for such a thing was impossible to entertain. Just as the proud resident of a capital city would not have a mind to believe that more people choose not to live amid soot and noise than do, certain their counterparts are resentful and feel denied the privilege, so it was amongst this tiny band of self-proclaimed elite. It simply was not possible to wish for different or consider anything greater. At least, for Trudy it hadn’t been, until Percy came along.
A passing woman with whom Trudy used to play tennis interrupted their conversation. ‘Have you seen Marietta Morgan’s shoes? Ghastly.’
Trudy had, and they were, but there was no point saying so, since the bearer of this shocking news had already wandered away, blatantly spreading the word as she went. Returning her attention to the young woman, Trudy apologised and asked her to continue with what she had been saying.
Her companion was groomed with a precision few could achieve. Her long white gauzy dress draped and sparkled perfectly, this image of a goddess beautifully topped by a tiny diamond tiara sitting precisely where her sunglasses would the following day. Her makeup was immaculate, her body lithe and sculpted, hands and nails flawless. The only difference between the two women was Trudy now had to work for it, and what wouldn’t come through work was bought. It was not a game and nor was it without limits.
Trudy still enjoyed such events. Though her ambitions now lay with Percy Field and fantasies as yet unfulfilled, she remained a loyal member of the elite. This was not a world that Hester moved in. Hester’s world was one of deep-rooted power and money that created money; countries made up its core, industry its mantle. This world, the place where Trudy’s own smaller space found room to overlap, was a place where clothes and holidays, beauty and real estate made up the currency; exchange rate fluctuating according to who knew whom, and what had sold when.
A tray of canapés came by. Trudy declined the offering. She’d noticed small pieces of food had started catching in her teeth, and daren’t eat the tiny balls of black caviar. There was no way of recovering the fleshiness of her gums, so she’d recently begun a new regime of teeth and mouth cleaning. She could only try and stop her gums receding further. It was a nightmare not anticipated.
What she wanted to eat were the miniature spring rolls she’d had the last time; a single bite size shallow-fried delight, bursting with mystery. But no Asian food was being served, since the theme was France. The parties always had a theme. A few of the rowdier men might dress up, but generally only the food and wine adhered to whatever whim was being fulfilled. Tonight’s party was no whim, but thrown in aid of charity, supporting one school’s efforts to raise money for a new school in a remote part of Cambodia. Trudy had spoken with one person who had sniffed at the fact that it was France being celebrated, and not independent Cambodia. Trudy remarked that as far as she knew, France’s wine was nicer. It was a joke, but the person had taken offence. Trudy never dare ask her host why she made the choices she did.
As the young woman talked about a project she had worked on as a student of the same school, building houses in Laos, Trudy presented her most interested expression. Her head nodded slowly and she smiled periodically, asking the occasional question without having to really listen or think first. It was easy. She fitted in with superficiality, found pleasure in luxury, and knew herself well enough to simply sit back and enjoy what came her way; she knew what was expected of her. But however much she revelled in the sounds and aromas of high living, one person was proving to be an enormous distraction. Percy. She could not help but think of him. What would he think of her assessment of the young woman before her? What might he have thought of the young Trudy herself? 
Soon, Marietta Morgan joined them; a woman who, years before, was better known to Trudy as Tom’s mum. She teetered on the heels of her denounced shoes as if she had been with Trudy all night; not asking what was being discussed, or if she could join the conversation, but merging regardless. This was a classic manoeuvre for the socially confident, Trudy knew. By doing this, a guest could appear to be any number of things and achieve any number of aims, even avoiding talking altogether. Marietta would wait approximately one minute and then interrupt, Trudy guessed.
The glamorous young woman before Trudy was recounting tales from her recent trip to Tokyo, reeling off a list of things she had bought there whilst pretending to moan about the exorbitant prices charged for teppanyaki.
‘The ingredients are very special, though, aren’t they?’ she added.
At that moment, the predicted interruption came.
‘I have the funniest tale to tell you about teppanyaki,’ Marietta began, laughing. 
Trudy stood and listened while the tale was told, all chance of enjoying the humour lost the moment it had been declared funny. Trudy’s face, though these days far from athletic, moved through a series of subtle expressions. First came interest, then intrigue, followed by shock, finishing with a smile to show approval of the punch line. Truthfully, even seconds later, Trudy could not have retold the story. 
She was thinking about Percy and, in a way, this made her feel sad. Though she had begun to feel worthless, grown bored of advantage, part of her looked back upon mindlessness with pleasure; it was a place where idleness had no price. The arrival of Percy had shaken things up and excited her, but losing an easy conscience was the forfeit. Percy was like a drug, complicating things but too hard to give up, and the more she had, the more she needed. While it was refreshing to feel removed from her long held reality, living secretly in this new way was exhausting. She had confided in Hester, who had taken the view that she should allow things to run their course without pressure, saying that it would all be all right in the end. Trudy did not know what this meant, but since it sounded as if Hester thought her feelings for Percy were simply a phase, Trudy had dropped the subject. The idea that it was nothing more relevant than a passing crush was offensive.
Marietta asked if Trudy had come alone. She said she hadn’t, before repeating Marietta’s question to her young companion, who she could see was itching to move on.
Though he hadn’t been seen for some time, Trudy’s husband was with her; whisked away by some people Trudy had no interest in, the moment they’d arrived. She was happiest circulating alone, without the pressure of his eye upon her, as if he were judging her every statement for merit. She enjoyed his confident ways and the carefree life it brought, except she was beginning to wonder how free she really was, given she had become incapable of caring for herself. She had no worries except one: what would happen if they moved? What if change took them somewhere with no expat community, or live-in help, somewhere other people did not take care of the bills as a matter of course? Trudy could not recall the last time she had entered a supermarket or paid a utility bill. Had she become a parody of the country itself, with her nips and tucks and hopes for eternal youth?
Unlike her husband, Percy did not hang on her every word and take issue with whatever she said. Percy did not ask anything of her, though she wished he would. The few times he had been rather sharp she had taken as a sign of closeness, of him revealing that she meant something to him.
‘You seem rather far away tonight,’ Marietta said, as the younger woman excused herself and hurried away. ‘Distant. Everything alright?’
‘I’m fine, thank you. A little tired perhaps.’
‘Already? Come on. Let’s find the others.’ Lightly, she took Trudy’s arm and began walking. ‘Tell me, how are your children? Tom is doing so well for himself in Hong Kong.’
Trudy had no idea who the others were, but went along happily enough, only half listening as Marietta bragged of her son’s brilliance, never asking again about Trudy’s children.
*
There were always outsiders at these events, a few guests who would never again be invited to the sumptuous residence, not because they were deemed an ill fit, but because they were passing through. These were individuals of reasonable significance. Tonight’s special guests were one prominent architect, a clothes designer, a surgeon to the stars, and a novelist in town for a book launch that had already happened.
The four had arrived separately but eventually come together, rising as one to the surface of the party for breath, when Marietta had forcibly expanded their group. Soon she had abandoned Trudy and moved on. The remaining five were standing beside a huge illuminated swimming pool, talking mildly while the surgeon smoked.
‘Tell me about your book,’ Trudy said to the author, a woman she thought was probably of a similar age and might benefit from some facial fillers. The author smiled, but hesitated. Trudy apologised, ‘Sorry, is that not the right thing to ask a writer?’
‘Not at all. What would you like to know?’
Nothing was the truth. Rather than talk, Trudy wanted to take a drink and sit quietly in some pretty spot to think about Percy. Though she knew it was almost impossible for him to be at the party, she’d been looking out for him anyway. The dreaming would have to wait. 
‘Where is it set?’ she asked, cocking her head to one side.
‘Here, in Singapore.’
‘And what is it about?’ Again, Trudy noticed a pause. ‘I am sure it is wonderful.’
‘I am not so sure it is,’ the author smiled coyly. ‘It’s mainly about expat life. I used to live here. It’s a bit of fun, really.’
‘A light comedy?’
‘Not so much light, I wouldn’t say. There are some political undertones. Subtle ones.’
‘Where can I buy it?’ Trudy said, voice enthusiastic though the word political had turned off her limited interest entirely.
‘All the stores here stock it. Or you can buy it online.’
‘You don’t keep copies with you?’
‘Uh, no. Not usually.’
‘Fascinating,’ Trudy said, in an unusual slip of concentration. ‘Would you excuse me? I need to speak with my husband.’ She had just noticed him climbing into the pool with Marietta Morgan. They were both in their underwear and drunk. This was not the place to behave in such a way. She walked over to remind him of this fact, manoeuvring around Marietta’s shoes. They really were ghastly, Trudy thought.
11. PATTING THE EXPATRIATE
Despite having accepted the failure of his marriage, it was a reoccurring struggle for Percy to maintain emotional stability. Conscious effort was still required to remain free of Sal and memories of happier times. Though he continued to attend The Discussion Group if the venue and topic was organised by Joyann, and so had social contact with others, he also remained true to his nature: a self-reliant man. So, even had it been public knowledge, it was doubtful Percy would have taken any notice of the transformation happening around him. 
As it happened, these were quiet changes, without Percy having any idea that a purpose existed solely to discuss him. The number of people involved was small, four, though this figure was slightly blurry about the edges, since one of the four, Meera, was there only because it seemed an attractively crazy thing to do.
One afternoon, Percy’s four followers met for a luxury high tea on the open terrace of the Fullerton Hotel. It was Hester’s treat, and Trudy, Norm and Meera had all looked forward to it. The Fullerton, once Singapore’s grand Post Office, was a beautiful place with a fine reputation, and so a lovely time lay ahead. Located by the river, it was a spot that in any other city might be considered beautiful. In a tiny yet rich island state, it was nothing more than perfectly nice, a very pleasant location amongst many.
After taking their seats, a white bellied sea eagle began circling above them, drifting slowly, sharp against the even, mid grey of low cloud; a sky threatening nothing more than a usual day; thickening air building slowly into a magnificent storm to be delivered when least convenient. As the bird landed in the high branches of a nearby tree, the chattering sounds of the city were quietly lost behind its haunting mew. Hester absorbed it all, pleased with such an atmosphere. In a flowing red caftan with gold silk scarf, grey hair carelessly tied, she sat as if holding court. 
Had either Trudy or Norm known they were sitting within one hundred metres or so of a place Percy had once been, a place he had been sitting many months before, eating in the company of his wife and her colleagues, they might have made their first pilgrimage, strolling over to feel what Percy had felt, to see what he had seen in this earlier time. As it was, they glanced appreciatively at the eagle, admired their surroundings and pondered Hester’s question, pitched immediately after ordering Devon cream tea for four.
Summarise Percy’s qualities.
Norm was eager to speak, since Percy was his favourite topic. But Hester, despite posing the question and encouraging everyone to offer at least one comment, was not prepared to give way. She knew she could raise tension by making whoever wanted to speak wait, and tension was good; as eagerness grew so thoughts would bowl ahead, any doubt ignored. 
The hook was in, but was it secure? Hester began explaining her own thoughts immediately. ‘He lifts my spirits,’ she began, adding that the words he spoke she often considered profound. ‘But he is down to earth, a man so without pomposity that I can only say I am in awe of his humble nature.’ Her eyes shifted between Norm and Trudy, ignoring Meera, resting upon each in turn, a queen examining her subjects. She chuckled. ‘I know he may not seem humble at times, because there are occasions when what he says might be interpreted as arrogant. But there is a fine line between arrogance and expression, just as there is a fine line between shyness and rudeness.’
Meera smiled. ‘Wow.’
Hester couldn’t help but laugh a little. She was in no doubt that Meera was along for the ride, for she’d said as much. But Meera did not know that Hester was also playing. Fabrication, whatever the degree of seriousness, was not something Hester shared. She learned long ago not to include others in her exploits, not to ever tell a fellow boarder that it was her who exchanged semolina for frogspawn; not unless she were prepared to eat it, again.
‘What are you laughing about?’ asked Trudy.
Hester’s laugh slowed into a smile, her answer ready. ‘I was thinking about a remark Percy made, one that was rather rude, if I am honest. But he said it with that edge he has, you know the one?’
Everyone, including Meera, nodded.
‘That was all. He can be quite cheeky.’
‘Why were you thinking of it?’ Trudy said.
Inside, unseen, Hester glowed with satisfaction. Increasingly, Trudy and Norm were picking up the crumbs she was laying down. ‘I suppose because it has become relevant.’
‘How so?’
‘Because, Trudy, much later, when I was sitting at home enjoying a tipple on the veranda, his remark came back to me. With the little bit of space and time, I realised he meant something more. I began to think about what he was actually saying. And now, here with you all, I can see it really was relevant. But that of course, is not why I was laughing. I was laughing because Percy can be very cheeky at times.’
‘What did he mean?’ asked Trudy.
‘Hey, just one moment,’ Meera interrupted, ‘what was the first remark, lah? The one you figured out, once you had drunk enough wine?’ She smiled.
Hester looked about herself, as if searching for words. She aimed her reply at Trudy. ‘He meant we should spend less time following what everyone else does, and think more about making our own choices.’ Her attention shifted to Norm. ‘You understand better than anyone what this might mean?’
‘Well, I agree with that,’ said Meera, since Norm appeared lost for words. ‘Though it is a difficult thing to achieve in a country like Singapore.’
‘It is,’ agreed Hester, ‘but it needn’t mean political rebellion, or denying family or faith,’ her gaze travelled over Norm’s face, ‘though it might, of course. It could be much simpler than that. Day-to-day choices. Very easy things, like how we treat other people.’
‘What was it he said,’ asked Norm, ‘when you thought he’d been rude?’
‘Yes, what was it?’ encouraged Meera. ‘You haven’t told us.’
Hester rolled her eyes skyward in an ambiguous gesture, leaving it unclear whether the original words were a privilege or an embarrassment to repeat. ‘You may have noticed a rather large lady has joined the group?’ she began.
‘Yes. That’s… ooo… what’s her name?’ asked Trudy. ‘Nice lady. Chilean, I think.’
Meera and Norm both squinted, seeming to be searching their memories. 
‘Monique?’ Norm offered.
Trudy dismissed it.
‘Olga?’ he said.
‘No.’
‘Mary?’
‘Not Mary, no.’
‘Francesca?’
‘Norm! You’re just saying random names.’
‘Maria?’
‘Stop,’ Hester ordered, ‘I am not sure it matters what her name is. The point is, she is large; very large.’
‘She never eats snacks,’ Trudy declared. ‘She told me. She says she just eats three meals a day. It’s her hormones, apparently.’
‘Big boned,’ Meera added.
‘Well, I saw her snacking on a bag of those dried noodle things. And a chocolate bar,’ Hester said, before waving away her own comment along with everyone else’s. ‘Now let’s get back on track.’
Norm grinned, ‘Yes, do tell us what he said.’
Hester decided to preface the statement, ‘Remember. It sounds very rude, but there is more to it.’
They nodded.
‘He said if Olga,’
‘Not Olga,’ interjected Trudy.
 ‘Or whatever she is called…’
‘Which isn’t Olga.’
‘…If Olga had spent less time queuing for the burger van and more time queuing for a decent face, her life would be very different.’
‘That is not nice,’ said Meera. ‘Olga is not a good looking woman, but I think I could do something with her.’
‘It is very harsh,’ agreed Hester.
‘Queuing for a face, Hester?’ Norm said, puzzled.
 ‘Before birth.’
He thought for a moment, and Hester watched him. ‘I am guessing the burger van queue was long,’ he said, ‘but the aroma was tempting?’
Hester tried not to smile. ‘I think the point is the offer of immediate gain, in the form of satisfaction. It’s what everybody else wants too, which gives something even as innocuous as a queue perceived value.’
‘A nice face has value,’ Meera said, sounding a little hurt.
Hester smiled, brightly. ‘Let’s not get too caught up in the burger versus face thing. Suffice it to say, the moral is this: do not blindly join in.’
‘So it wasn’t the smell of frying?’ said Norm.
Hester sighed. Trying to keep control of an idea they had taken to heart so firmly was exhausting.
Much to her delight, the waiter arrived. While he laid out cups and saucers, scones, jam and clotted cream, Hester took the opportunity to move the conversation on. ‘Anyway, to return to my original question, regarding Percy’s qualities. I have to say that for me he feels like the foundation of something. Solid beneath my feet,’ she shuffled her sandals lightly, ‘someone to rely on.’
Norm and Trudy nodded solemnly. In the brief pause, Norm tried to cut in, but before a word could be formed, he once again found himself submitting to Hester’s matronly dominance. 
‘I feel I can rely on Percy, even though I cannot claim to know him. And,’ she continued, lowering her voice, ‘I have learned something recently that makes sense of all my feelings.’
Expectant faces urged progression and a dramatic hesitation ensued, Hester’s shoulders drawn back for added effect. She said, in her most convincing tone – especially convincing because it was perfectly trimmed with a tiny dash of doubt – that she had yet again observed Percy curing someone on Orchard Road.
‘The injured arm of an elderly man,’ she said. ‘He then ripped off his sling and hugged Percy with the very same limb.’
The story of the miracle had been flawlessly presented, and Hester could see it had obliterated any plans the others had for articulating their own feelings regarding Percy. It was impossible to match a miracle with anything less than a miracle. Norm’s mouth gaped, speechless, when only moments before there was so much he had clearly been bursting to share. Trudy simply stared.
Meera quietly watched Hester, as the other two absorbed what had been said. Hester smiled at them all, and shrugged, as if to express her own doubt in what she had seen. This was a fail-safe approach to securing the credibility of the teller, if not the tale being told. The teller’s integrity was paramount.
Though her lies had lessened a little over the years, lying was the warp and weft of Hester’s nature, and she was still good at it. It was not like riding a horse for the first time in twenty years, desperately trying to remember what was once so natural. Lying had always been easy, and still was; an act so accomplished it was as if Hester practised every day, just as she had as a child. As with other proficient liars, she found that a tale told sufficiently well and with enough conviction soon began to feel like the truth, and before long it became exactly that, so real that the teller believed it too. This knowledge touched the nub of her past, old lessons learned in how to comfort one’s own heartaches. A falsehood told equalled a problem solved. Pivotal though that first lie was, remembered it was not.
Hester was so skilled, that her conviction did not manifest itself as insistence. There was no demand that others should accept her lie as truth simply because she had said it. Not even in her early years did she cry, it’s-true-it’s-true-it’s-true, or demand are you calling me a liar? For Hester, conviction meant only a belief in the worth of the lie. To say, I absolutely saw it, so it is true, made for an unconvincing tale, even to the teller. Whereas, this is what I saw and I agree, it seems incredible, made the lie plausible.
And what was the harm in a lie, she felt, particularly in the case of raising Percy Field to greater heights, and finding a better path for Norman; securing a more positive way of living for Trudy? Surely a lie told in support of a greater purpose could not be wrong. She hadn’t lied about the burger van statement, only chosen to draw something from it.
Meera was the only one to voice doubt. ‘Hester, can you really be sure? I mean, it could have been coincidence.’
‘It’s possible, I suppose. But what sort of coincidence is it when a man touches something damaged and it suddenly mends?’ Her intonation strolled between that of an English aristocrat and mid Atlantic, nothing like the accent of her abandoned and forgotten home over two thousand miles away in Darwin, Northern Territory. ‘I agree, it does seem beyond the realms of possibility, somehow.’
‘But you saw it?’ said Trudy. ‘You saw it before and you’ve seen it again.’
‘I know. But it doesn’t make believing it any easier, even for me. I keep going over it, trying to find some other reason for the two events, but I keep coming back to the same thing.’
Trudy’s eyes narrowed in the absence of the ability to frown effectively. ‘Which is?’
‘Either I am going mad or Percy Field is faith healing.’
‘That much is obvious, isn’t it?’ observed Trudy.
‘I assume you mean the faith healing…’ Hester said, with mock warning.
‘Did you speak with him?’
‘Trudy, my dear, what would I say?’
‘But you could have spoken with him, right? Could you?’
‘Yes. It wasn’t like before. I could easily have spoken with him. I am embarrassed to admit that I was too shocked. My eighty years are catching up with me, perhaps.’
Norm found his voice. ‘What did the man do? After he hugged Percy?’
‘Ah. Well this I couldn’t see. A crowd of Chinese tourists blocked my view.’
Hester sensed the excited mood of the table was condensing into contemplation, each person assessing the account placed before them.
‘What does it mean when a man can heal others by touch?’ Trudy asked, quietly.
‘Only one thing, I suppose,’ said Hester. ‘But it seems extraordinary.’
‘He knows,’ Norm interrupted, with a loud whisper. ‘He must know what he is, to have done it. He can’t have randomly touched someone and then thought: oh, look at that; I can heal people, before doing the same thing all over again and still thinking nothing of it. He knew before, he knows now, and now we know too.’
‘Know what?’
‘That he’s something more than a man, Trudy.’
‘Was this not Hester’s suggestion? That he knows he is special?’ said Meera, tone leisurely. ‘I am a beautician and am totally aware of the fact. And I am aware that I am an amazing being. And if I know that about myself, then Percy must know it about himself.’
‘It’s not a laughing matter,’ Trudy said.
‘Who is being funny?’ Meera questioned.
‘I don’t think it necessarily follows that he understands his calling. That would suggest he was born knowing it,’ Hester said. ‘Surely there comes a time in adult life when a person’s destiny is revealed.’ Hester chose to look at Meera, one of the most self-aware women she had met of late. She opted not to make eye contact with either Norm or Trudy. ‘Perhaps Percy’s time is coming?’ she added.
‘Or has arrived,’ interjected Norm. ‘Let’s not forget he has now healed two people. Not one. Two.’
‘Yes, Norm,’ Meera said, ‘but try not to get carried away.’
Hester frowned, ‘Not be carried away by a man healing with his hands? A man curing total strangers in front of witnesses?’
Meera sighed. ‘Okay, lah. It was a miracle.’
And there it was, Hester thought gleefully. The M word, out in the open; spoken by the one person who would never believe it.
Trudy’s eyes brightened, ‘Do you think it will be in the Straits Times?’
‘No!’ Hester’s reply was firm. ‘This is Singapore. There is no room for someone healing people for free. I think it is better if this story isn’t plastered all over the papers, in any case, because it might be seen as a religious thing, and that wouldn’t be good. Old religions have to share airtime in Singapore, so I doubt new ones are welcome. In fact, I know they are not.’
‘Why?’ questioned Norm. 
‘Don’t you know?’
‘Should I?’
‘If your own faith is evangelical, in the sense of self-promotion, I mean, then yes, you should Norman. You can’t promote religion here. Any. The Moonies are banned, did you know that?’
‘Should we speak with Percy about it?’ Trudy questioned. ‘Perhaps now is the time? If he’s ready to heal publicly, then maybe he is ready to hear that we know he is special. I mean, come on! He’s doing stuff on Orchard Road, right?’
‘Orchard Road seems a funny place to start healing people. Especially with Mount Elizabeth Hospital right there,’ Meera said.
‘What difference does that make?’ argued Norm. ‘That man probably had no money.’
Hester beckoned a waiter, hastening the clearing of a nearby table, uncomfortable with so many mynah birds picking over the crumb-covered tablecloth. ‘And there is healing and then there is healing, don’t forget.’
‘Maybe it is time to speak with Percy, but I am not sure that I am ready for him to know,’ Trudy mumbled. ‘I am not sure what it will change for the better.’
‘It’s too easy to say I am not ready,’ replied Norm, sweeping his own crumbs off the table, and inadvertently drawing in the feathered vermin. ‘People say it all the time to avoid change. It’s just another way of saying one day, which actually means no day. Never.’
‘I don’t think you understand, Norm.’ Trudy’s brown eyes were suddenly shining wet.
‘Trudy dear, are you feeling quite well?’ Hester asked.
‘If we tell him now, then what if he walks away from us? You know how he can be. I don’t want that. This has meant a lot, our little group. Percy means a great deal to me.’
‘I feel a great deal for him too,’ Norm said, ‘a great deal. More than you could know.’
Trudy turned away and sniffed into a serviette, but Meera looked at Norm as if having her own private revelation. ‘Norm, you are a gay. And you fancy him, lah, This is all.’
Everyone looked at Meera and then to Norm, before choosing a passing boat as suitable visual distraction. 
‘I think you mean to ask if Norman is homosexual, Meera,’ Hester commented, after a few moments.
Drying her eyes, Trudy agreed with a little chuckle of recovered humour. ‘Yes, dear, and you can’t really say a gay. It’s not politically correct. Gay is all right, but not a gay. I wouldn’t call you a Singaporean… oh, I suppose I might, and to say a woman and an Indian… ah…’ Trudy’s brow tried knitting in puzzlement.
Meera rolled her eyes. ‘I am not asking.’
Norm looked down at Cocoa, tied to the leg of the table, too hot to bother raising her head for either the mynah birds or for Norm. ‘There is no such thing as homosexuality in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. At least, it is not considered a natural state.’
Hester laughed. ‘Don’t be ridiculous Norman. And what were your parents thinking of naming you Norman? Norman the Mormon, I mean, really.’
Norm nodded, ‘I am not sure what I am, in any sense. Certainly, with regard to the church, I am doubting something I have spent a lifetime practicing.’
‘You should ask yourself why are you doubting, Norm.’ Trudy said, gently.
‘A Doubting Norman.’
Ignoring Hester’s remark, Norm said, ‘Let’s just say a certain person is making me see things differently. But old habits die hard.’ He indicated the tea in his cup, still not drunk.
‘More tea! Good idea, while we talk things over?’ Hester exclaimed, brushing aside the conversation. She had deliberately not asked Norm if he wanted something different to drink, and nor would she ever again. The day he ordered, and then happily finished, a hot chocolate was marked in her mind not only as the day he demonstrated a weakening devotion, but also as the day she ceased to pander.
‘So who will tell him?’ Trudy asked, returning to the topic, resigned to the coming situation.
‘Tell him what?’ Meera asked.
‘That he is more than just a man. That he is someone special.’
‘And we’re decided that we should say something?’ questioned Hester.
A murmur of agreement spread.
All looked to Norm.
‘You should,’ Hester said, directing her words to him. ‘Although I suppose organise things, it was you who inspired this little group and you who first knew Percy. Norman, you should do it, definitely.’
‘But you witnessed the miracles, Hester,’ he protested, albeit weakly.
‘I did, but no matter.’
For a moment, it seemed there was nothing more to say, despite more tea coming. Hester prompted conversation, ‘So, Norman, it’s your turn now, tell us what it is that you think is so special about Percy?’
Norm blushed a little. Hester suspected Meera openly raising the subject of his sexuality was the reason for the change in shade.
‘Well,’ he began, smiling now, ‘the first time I saw Percy he was walking deep in thought. And then I realised that whenever I saw him he was alone and thinking.’ 
Norm was speaking quietly, Hester noticed, sounding almost sad. It was a form of respect, perhaps.
‘That’s nice,’ Trudy cooed.
‘Yes,’ Norm agreed, ‘I like the straight way in which he deals with questions without being pushy. Percy has no doubt. He has the answers and needs no one to guide him. And he is inherently good, I suppose.’ 
This brief testimony was nothing compared to Hester’s miracle, nor could it be. She kept staring at him, experimenting with coercion. What would he say when the pressure of expectation was upon him?
‘I felt something when he touched me, once.’ Norm turned his teacup around in its saucer. ‘He doesn’t tend to touch that often.’ 
‘Maybe we now know why,’ suggested Trudy. ‘What happened when he touched you?’
Hester noticed Meera smirking, and frowned at her.
‘It felt as if he had taken out my worries.’ 
‘Do you think he meant for that to happen?’ Hester asked.
Norm shrugged, and for a moment the four sat in silence. Then Norm nodded, eyes brightening. ‘You know, I believe he did have a purpose. When I think about it now, it was very uncharacteristic of him. He never touches.’
‘So what happened? Exactly?’ Trudy’s question, Hester noted, was now tinged with the beginnings of envy.
‘Oh, you know, he just sort of placed a hand on my…’
‘Head?’ Trudy interrupted.
‘No. My shoulder.’
‘Oh.’ 
Hester watched Norm rise to the challenge, to justify his previous statement when probably only a friendly pat had occurred.
‘I passed out.’ 
He might have regretted such rash words, Hester knew, but it was too late. The instant he swapped embroidered truth for total fabrication, the stage was finally set. She knew it would only take one person’s bending of the facts to achieve this. She had expected it to be Trudy.
‘And when you awoke?’ Hester ensured she appeared to be studying Norm.
‘I felt as if my worries, if you can call them that, were not gone but entirely manageable. It was like I’d been trying to do a jigsaw puzzle, but the lid with the picture was missing. Then I found it.’
‘Wow,’ Meera said, though her tone did not suggest any greater sense of awe than it had the first time she said it.
‘Wow?’ questioned Hester, ‘It’s incredible, is what it is. Truly incredible! See what happens when we sit and talk, when we open up our hearts to the truth?’ And truthfully, Hester was indeed taken aback. This response was real, so for whatever nonsense Norman had shared about the hand upon his shoulder and passing out, one way or another, Percy was clearly having a positive effect. Briefly, she felt in awe of Percy Field herself, an intolerant misanthrope who, for some unaccountable reason, had the gift of enabling the vulnerable to view common sense as extraordinary
Hester saw Trudy’s face take on a slight look of dismay. Plainly, she was disappointed not to have been singled out by Percy herself.
*
The four enjoyed further meetings, growing ever more certain of the commonality that by an apparent coincidence had pulled them together, a strange, idealistic, notion striking at the edges of revelation. 
Whether over coffee or juice, wine or a cocktail, whether enjoying hainanese chicken rice at a hawker centre or eating oysters in a fine restaurant, they filled the air with a mutual admiration Percy would have found suffocating, even in his direst moments of need. 
The group talked openly and, to an extent, honestly. It was not hard to agree that for each and every person, Percy filled a space. Even Hester herself was able to see the benefit. He was unlike any man they could remember meeting. To Norm and Trudy, his off-the-cuff remarks and generally quiet, dismissive, nature were the foundation of what appeared to be a calm authority. It was as if Percy understood things on a level that others could not. This, coupled with the gift of an unassuming guiding hand made him a compelling and natural leader. 
For all, whether vulnerable or predatory, little had seemed quite so attractive in a long time.
12. NORM
Although it had developed very naturally within him and moved easily into fact, the idea of Percy being something more than he first seemed was particularly emotive for Norm. Raised within The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Norm had been a Mormon all his life, attending church on Sunday, observing Monday evenings as family time, learning the scriptures, aspiring to visit the Temple in Salt Lake City. He had accepted God’s word as delivered by Joseph Smith, with it all its prejudices. Life had been level, difficult at times in terms of controlling his sinful imagination, but always with desire for anything other than the Lord neatly boxed. He’d married, even though his brain did not admire the female form, and he’d gone ahead to perform the necessary ritual to seal the bond, by consummating the marriage. The act had not been repeated many times since, though had not been ignored entirely. His wife, it seemed to Norm, had stopped worrying about it; mostly finding her pleasures elsewhere, whenever it suited her.
Norm was sitting with Trudy enjoying an impromptu smoothie. Both were shopping for gifts, Trudy for her husband’s birthday and Norm for Verity. Their fifteenth anniversary would soon be upon them, and as always Norm intended to celebrate it properly by demonstrating his feelings with expressions of love, for he loved his wife very much. The gift seeking pair had spotted one another between malls, walking along in the cool underground corridors running a good length of Orchard Road. Here, the hustle and bustle of life dodged and darted, concealed from the overheating shoppers strolling the famous street above; the underground train station and acres of shops and cafes always teeming with activity.
Trudy had been gazing through the window of a low-end jewellery store when he’d spotted her.
‘I can’t imagine you finding anything in there.’
‘Hello Norm,’ she’d said, happily. ‘I was just thinking about what I might send to my niece. She and my husband share a birthday, and she’ll be eighteen.’ She looked at Norm and sighed, ‘Can you imagine? Eighteen? How wonderful to be so young.’
‘Maybe.’ Norm did not wish to dampen her moment of nostalgia by saying he would rather be any other age than battling with being eighteen again. This was when he’d invited her to join him for a drink. The juice and smoothie bar was next door, and new. 
‘So what will you get your husband?’ Norm asked, before sipping his drink through an extra long straw.
‘Well, if I can’t think of anything else, then some new shirts. But I was thinking of giving him a bag.’
‘What sort of bag? Briefcase?’
‘He has one. I thought perhaps a man-bag.’
‘Would he use it?’ Norm was a very thoughtful giver of gifts, and rarely strayed from that which he knew another person would like. The exception had been the skinny pig, bought for Percy. It was an exception that very definitely proved the rule.
‘I have no idea, Norm. Men are so hard to buy for, aren’t they?’
Norm said nothing. He was wondering why she had spoken as if he were something different.
‘The only problem with buying him shirts is that I gave him some last year. Perhaps an expensive tie would do it? Cufflinks maybe? A watch?’
‘Does he read?’
‘Only the iPad.’
‘A new iPad?’
‘There’s nothing wrong with the old one.’
Norm sucked his straw again, which delivered a welcome hit of ice-cold mango and mint. ‘Does he cook?’
‘He’s a great cook. But he rarely does it anymore.’
‘Book him on a course. There are lots. I did a Thai cookery course once, in Thailand. Amazing. Though he could go anywhere. There are lots of good ones here in Singapore, apparently.’
‘Good idea.’
These two words were at odds with Trudy’s unenthusiastic tone, Norm noted. ‘Okay,’ he went on, ‘how about a weekend away, at a spa. An island retreat? Then you could both go.’ This time he spotted a glimmer of interest rising in her eyes.
‘That would be lovely. But it’s not a special birthday.’
‘Does it have to be?’
‘I guess not.’ She smiled brightly, before sucking up some smoothie, straw held demurely between pouting lips. It was the same flavour as Norm’s, since she couldn’t decide what to have. ‘That’s what I’ll do. I’ll find out some dates and surprise him. Thank you.’ The smile widened, and she wriggled her shoulders. ‘A spa weekend. How lovely!’
Norm said he was pleased to have helped. ‘I wonder if that might make a good present for Verity?’
‘We could go together. A foursome.’
Briefly, Norm pictured his straightforward straight-talking hardworking wife, lying on a massage bed next to Trudy. Verity would eat her alive, and not because Trudy would be basted in cocoa butter. ‘I think your husband might not view a break like that as a treat. He doesn’t know us.’
‘Oh Norm, he’d love you! But you are right. It wouldn’t work. Do you like your smoothie?’
‘Yes, it’s nice. You?’
‘Yes. Very refreshing. So what will you get her?’
‘Something from Tiffany, I expect. That woman loves Tiffany. I’ll go there next. I’ve had enough of browsing for ideas. I knew I would end up there; I always do. I should have gone there first.’
‘She has a very beautiful face, your wife,’ Trudy remarked.
Norm smiled. Often Verity’s beauty was admired in this way; her face singled out. It seemed few people would simply say that she was beautiful, without the unspoken caveat. ‘She is beautiful,’ he agreed. ‘Naked, she looks like a subject from an old master; you know the paintings I mean. Is it renaissance?’ 
Trudy made a noise as if impressed. ‘Fat women have often been portrayed in art.’
Norm stopped himself from reacting. Though true enough, to him it seemed Trudy’s ignorance had swung from one extreme to the other.
‘Hester’s putting on weight,’ Trudy said, placing her empty glass on the table. ‘Too many sweet treats.’
‘She’s a very fit lady, though. Like a steam train when she walks. You keep very trim, Trudy,’ he added, suspecting this might be the required reaction.
‘Thanks. I like to look after myself. One body, one life, you know. Might as well look after it.’ Trudy ran a finger the length of her nose as she said it. ‘I’d like to get rid of this lump next.’
‘Lump?’
‘Yes. Do you see?’ she turned her head so Norm had a side view of her nose. ‘I’d like it to be straight. It’s like a humpback bridge.’
‘There’s nothing wrong with it,’ Norm said, in all seriousness. ‘What lump?’
‘There,’ she rubbed the bone.
‘You have a beautiful nose.’
‘And it will be even more beautiful without the lump.’ She sighed. ‘Do you suppose I should have my chin done? Just a little? For balance.’
‘I’m not really the person to ask. What does your husband say about it all?’
‘Not much. Well, apart from these of course,’ she touched her breasts, lightly. 
Norm decided it was time to change the subject. ‘Will you be going to the next Discussion Group meeting? I hear the idea is a trip to the theatre and then a meal. Someone is suggesting that new bed restaurant afterwards.’
‘Bed restaurant?’
‘Yeah. Bed. I think we’re all meant to sit about on mattresses, crossed legged, casually eating and talking about what we’ve seen. If Hester decides to go along she’ll look as if she’s stepped straight from the desert.’
‘Norman Sullivan!’
‘What? She’s quite ethnic.’
‘She won’t eat sitting on a bed, I can tell you that now.’
‘And I wouldn’t blame her, Trudy.’ 
‘Goodness. I can’t decide if it sounds like fun or torture.’
Neither could Norm, but he hazarded a guess. ‘Dreadful torture, I expect. I think anything like that very much depends on who you are with.’
‘I wonder if Percy might go?’
Norm shook his head. ‘I doubt Percy will be interested in that sort of thing. And he doesn’t like the new group. He says it’s too prescriptive and I am sure he is right. It’s all very well being given a topic, but that woman has started giving out study notes.’
‘I hope he does go. Not to that particular meeting, necessarily, but another. I miss him.’
‘We all miss him. Maybe we could ask Joyann to arrange something again? He still seems to enjoy those old style sessions, so you never know.’ Norm paused. He’d been about to add that for Percy to attend any of the new meetings would be a miracle, when he was reminded of a theory he’d been pondering the evening before. The concept had formed simply enough, but its effect had been profound.
While showering after a late swim, he’d been reflecting upon a short conversation he and Verity had just shared. As he’d passed her, curled on a sofa watching a magic show on television, he’d stopped and watched it for a moment, pool-water dripping onto the marble floor. He’d commented that the illusion was very convincing; he preferred it when he couldn’t work out how a trick was done. Verity replied by saying she’d never been able to understand how any of it was done, and Norm admitted that he could only guess at it. The conversation was brief and the conclusion easy; they both enjoyed not knowing.
Once in the shower, Norm had begun wondering why not knowing was preferable to knowing. Surely, purely biological beings should feel no affiliation to the mysterious and unexplained, yet faith of any sort was based upon exactly this. In fact, Norm thought, the phenomenal was a foundation for all human culture; the religious and secular alike advocated fascination for existence beyond understanding. His idea gained pace. People looked for miracles because of way they were made, because of the ancestor all had evolved from, that fortuitous being who witnessed wonder and knew its truth. 
The sense of relief was so great that Norm was sure he could feel his own blood surging through his veins, as suddenly he realised it was not his faith in God that had been shaken. What had been challenged was his faith in one man’s interpretation of what it meant to believe, and whether Joseph Smith’s interpretation was right or wrong, was no longer relevant. Percy was all that mattered.
‘It would be wonderful to see one of Percy’s miracles,’ Norm said to Trudy. There was no point exploring the idea of a common ancestor with her, of asking what she thought of the notion that miraculous spectacle was once upon a time an everyday occurrence.
‘You’ve felt one of his miracles,’ she reminded him.
‘I know. And the more I think about it the less messy everything else seems. It’s almost as if that day was the first day I’d been able to think clearly in a long time.’
‘So the Messiah has come,’ Trudy said. ‘It makes me feel strange. How can I be part of something like this? It doesn’t feel real sometimes.’
‘Prophet.’ Norm corrected. ‘Messiah is something different. And yes, it is strange.’
‘I meant Prophet.’ Trudy’s gaze drifted, and Norm could see she was thinking. ‘You know what? A weekend away is exactly what we need,’ she said, eventually. ‘I wonder if we might all go somewhere another time? As a group. You, me, Hester, Joyann, Percy… you know… the old group; the original group… Meera, Phrike… it could be fun.’
‘Maybe.’
‘We needn’t go somewhere really posh.’
‘I wouldn’t want to rough it. And nor would Verity.’
‘You wouldn’t have to. We could go to Rawa. It’s tidy enough, for a fun weekend. We could take the whole island.’
‘Verity was there with some girlfriends a while ago. It’s grown; there’s been a lot of building work. There would be other people.’
‘Just an idea.’
Norm said it was very likely to stay an idea. ‘Look. I have to head off in a moment. Would you like to join me? You could browse for cufflinks to go with the spa weekend?’
Trudy clapped her hands enthusiastically. ‘Or some earrings for me,’ she laughed.
‘That’s a point. Maybe I’ll get her some earrings.’ He quickly changed his mind. ‘No. A necklace would be better. You coming?’
Trudy gathered her bags of shopping, ‘I can help you choose,’ she said.
‘Maybe. She is particular, my Verity.’
‘In all things, or just jewellery?’
‘All things, really.’
‘And what does she think of Percy?’
‘I’d say she thinks a great deal of him.’
13. CREATIVITY
Percy felt decidedly uneasy. He thought Norm’s message had an edge to it, if an edgy text were possible: WE need to talk, meet me at Bread Chat on 6th Avenue, 10am. 
The message arrived just as Percy, half dressed, had slumped down onto the edge of his bed. Sal had again managed to disturb his comfortably settled mind by calling to inform him that her mother had died. Not so good for June herself, of course, who was a nice enough woman, but why had Sal bothered him with it?
‘Why are you telling me this?’ he’d asked.
She’d hung up. Percy thought that before they were cut off he’d heard a sniffle. Was she still upset? Was this why she had called? But if it was comfort she wanted why not go to Ethan? Ethan.
He lay back to think, soft bed comfortable in the tiring heat. Was the capitalised WE a mistake, or did Norm intend such emphasis? From a different friend, such as Phrike, it would not need to be dissected for meaning, but with Norm it was always possible the words had other connotations. Percy could not deny that Norm was basically a very nice man, even though he was needy to a degree never before encountered, and needy people rarely liked Percy any better than Percy liked them. And he always seemed on the verge of saying or doing something, yet never actually saying or doing a thing. It was, however, an easy friendship in some ways, and an odd one because of it.
Percy thought about Phrike. Phrike had noticed Norm’s attentive behaviour and begun commenting, in that passing-the-time-of-day manner he had about him, breaking his personal code regarding the creation and sharing of gossip. In some respects, he and Percy were very similar indeed, for it was grouchiness and cynicism that cemented their friendship. But then at Sungei Buloh, Phrike had come right out and said it: he fancies you.
Bread Chat was the café Phrike patronised, before he and Percy had come together in The Discussion Group. Located at the bottom of Sixth Avenue it was directly next door to The Bean. Percy was so wary of Norm’s motives that even this choice of venue aroused suspicion, although he could not work out why. Before she had run off with Ethan, Sal had warned Percy that he was becoming paranoid, saying he spent far too much time brooding over how much Norm had invaded his life. This obsession, Sal pointed out, was simply further invasion and something within Percy’s control. But Percy knew what she really meant to say: shut up and stop whinging. Or had she? Had she in fact used Norm’s behaviour? By playing it down, was she deliberately prolonging it, preserving for herself some cruel form of entertainment? Did she enjoy Percy’s discomfort so much? He shook himself. Now he was being silly.
 Forcing himself up off the bed, Percy straightened his tee shirt, gleaming white and freshly pressed thanks to The Kraken. He pulled on some navy shorts. There was nothing for it but to find out what it was Norman Sullivan wanted.
*
Sitting amongst mostly vacant dark wooden tables and chairs at Bread Chat, longing to be on the other side of the potted plants in the safety of The Bean, Percy had just finished his coffee when Norm arrived. Expecting him to be alone, Percy was surprised to see he’d brought company, human rather than canine. Forming a short train, were Hester, Meera and Trudy. Without ordering a thing, the four grabbed chairs, sat down and stared. They looked so grave that Percy wondered quite seriously if a tragedy had occurred, if some terrible misfortune had befallen a member of The Discussion Group. 
On discovering what it was they had come to say, Percy longed for his first suspicion to be true. He would far rather someone else be brutally maimed in an accident than endure such insanity himself; a wish so profoundly cruel and selfish it might have drastically altered his future had he thought to express it. But like many things with the power to nudge life’s trajectory exponentially further and further from an outcome, the sentiment remained private.
It was Meera and not Norm who announced the news. After enjoying the cream tea at the Fullerton, further meetings had seen Hester’s homemade miracles hardening into fact. Recognition of Percy as something far beyond an average human was now absolute. 
At first, a perplexed Percy feigned laughter, because he thought their proclaimed view of him was nothing more than a peculiarly unfunny joke. On the bright side, pretending to laugh was not a negative, for to pretend was a positive development in a man who rarely bothered with politeness unless he understood its worth; especially so since his wife left him. But after forcing out an uncomfortable chuckle, Percy soon realised nobody else was smiling. In fact, Norm appeared to be on the verge of tears. Percy, pale blue eyes coldly scanning them all, did not know what to think. It felt like a dream. Perhaps he had fallen asleep on the bed. Meera had said the word Prophet. She was talking about him. Was she? He wasn’t going to ask.
Through the silence that followed, Hester reached out and laid a hand upon him. Spotted and speckled with the experience of life, it contrasted starkly with his smoothly tanned arm. She gazed into his eyes, saying earnestly, ‘It is true, Percy. We have come to realise that you are someone very special. Very special indeed.’ Percy could see her old lips trembling as she spoke, like a thin rubber band caught in the blasting current of a fan. ‘The chosen one.’
Percy laughed, a real one this time. He felt relief wash over him. He could stop puzzling. It was a joke, after all. It seemed an odd sort of prank, though. He hated jokes, practical or otherwise, but at this precise moment part of him was enjoying it. To be experiencing something other than the flatness he’d trained himself to feel, in the months spent dragging himself from despair, was somewhat refreshing. Generally, he felt it was easier feeling flat and on an even keel than feeling up and down, but even so, flatness had its limits.
 He freed himself from Hester’s now repetitive patting.
‘Percy?’ said Meera.
He stared at her. ‘What?’
‘We know. We know who you are. It’s okay. We don’t have to tell anyone else.’
Percy pushed his empty cup into the middle of the table, so he could fold his arms and lean on his elbows, allowing his face to draw close to Meera’s. ‘What do you know?’ A small smile formed on his lips, so small only he knew it was there. The punch line was coming. He waited. 
‘I love you,’ said Trudy.
His eyes switched from Meera to Trudy. It was a blurted statement. It sounded true. ‘Pardon?’
‘We all love you,’ said Norm.
An unfamiliar chill of embarrassment raced over Percy, a sensation akin to every shifting molecule contained within his being passing through an icy blast; a strangely quick and jagged sensation, as if he had just been caught doing something wrong. He couldn’t think what to say. He wanted to go home. Words came of their own accord. ‘This is a bizarre sort of joke, I must say.’ But the words were as if someone other than Percy himself had spoken them, some unseen being hijacking his mouth. He panicked. Was he going mad? Was he becoming like Great Uncle Frank from Walthamstow? He’d ended his days in a threadbare grey towelling dressing gown insisting he was Jesus. So this was it. This was what the beginning of the end looked like. And he didn’t even own a dressing gown.
Percy drew a sharp breath, and questioned himself further. Had he, Percy Field, heard the word Prophet when in fact Meera had said something quite different? This represented another of Great Uncle Frank’s many afflictions; what Great Uncle Frank heard and what was actually said were rarely the same thing. A person could never be sure if by speaking with him they were compounding the problem by affirming his view. Percy had met him as a young boy, and all Great Uncle Frank had done was point at him and cry Beelzebub! What followed may have been a false memory, but Percy recalled his mother agreeing.
‘Joke?’ Hester’s voice was gentle. ‘No Percy. No joke. I saw you on Orchard Road. I saw what you did. On two occasions. Maybe there were more?’
‘And what did I do?’ Percy breathed more easily. He recognised his voice. The words were his.
‘You don’t need me to tell you,’ Hester said.
‘I think I might.’
‘You made a difference Percy. That is all I am prepared to say.’
‘I’m not sure I did.’
‘Of course you did,’ reassured Norm. ‘A huge difference. And you are making a difference to us. I haven’t felt like this in years. No. I haven’t felt like this ever.’
‘What are we talking about here?’
‘Percy, we told you. Meera told you,’ Norm replied.
Trudy began to make small sobbing sounds from behind her fingers. Norm tried to pull her hand away but she refused him, mumbling something about being one of life’s ugly weepers. But she stopped resisting when Percy reached out. He pushed down her hand, whilst saying, ‘Christ almighty, are you crying?’
With a blotchy, vein-bulging face, Trudy strained, ‘I am sorry, if you didn’t want us to say anything. I am so embarrassed. Percy. I… I…’ 
‘Take courage, Trudy,’ urged Hester.
Soon Norm and Trudy were clutching their mouths trying to hold back emotion, while Meera and Hester looked on, solemnly. The few people around them were beginning to stare, Percy noticed. Icy embarrassment gave way to a different shame, the hot flushing kind brought about by humiliation. So it wasn’t him who was insane, but the four sitting before him. Percy hissed for them to behave. They seemed determinedly fixed upon admiring him, trembling in adoration.
He stood up. 
 It was a disease, perhaps? Or some terrible worm burrowing where it shouldn’t? In the back of his mind was an unkind hope: maybe delusion was a symptom of Dengue fever, endemic in Singapore. Perhaps it might even be the nasty, sometimes-fatal, variety.
As he walked away, so Hester, Norm, Meera and Trudy rose from their seats and followed.
*
Wherever Percy walked they walked, wherever he jogged they jogged – except Hester, who always managed to catch up eventually – and whenever he sought sanctuary in a shop, they merely waited outside. He avoided Joyann’s hardware store, though he didn’t know why. 
He threaded his way amongst the few small hawker centres serving the area, separate businesses but situated almost as if they were one. The tables were thick with people, and he weaved amongst the tangle before cutting through into the quiet residential streets beyond. 
As he strode on, Norm and Trudy were always close enough that he could hear them whispering, occasionally catching the sound of a crispy brown leaf or dry black pod skittering as a foot swept past, feet travelling too close for comfort. Percy was too hot to sprint, though had his life depended on it, he knew he could. He tried not to look back, thinking only of getting home and leaving the four lunatics behind. The friendships, such as they were, were finished. Percy felt vindicated; this was a classic example of why accepting the hand of those reaching out was a terrible idea.
He frowned. Perhaps he really was asleep on the bed, because everything had the hallmark of a nightmare. The worry regarding Great Uncle Frank from Walthamstow resurfaced. Had Frank felt as if he were caught in a lurid dream, in those early days before the towelling dressing gown became his holy shroud?
Rubbish. This was reality. Feelings emulated in dreams were never as uncompromisingly convincing as real life. In real life, awake is awake, something Sal’s leaving had made all too plain. Perhaps someone had put them up to it? Phrike? Why? For fun? No. Phrike would never do such a thing; it was far from his sense of humour. Joyann? Hardly. Sal? Why? Art? How? How would his good friend, Art, orchestrate this, when he had never met any of them? He had stayed with Percy in Singapore for a short time, got drunk, eaten too much, had a ball, and then gone back to England to continue digging over his vegetable patch. Percy hadn’t ever mentioned The Discussion Group to him, not even by email. Besides, pranks were not Art’s style any more than they were Phrike’s. At a push, he might leave plastic carrots buried in a rival’s raised beds, but he would have no interest in setting up something like this.
Percy could feel his pursuers changing speed in time with his pace, a swarm of disgruntled bees not yet ready to envelop but in no doubt of success. It was a fair judgement, for the buzzing expats were utterly determined to speak with Percy again, and when finally he stopped, thirsty and fed up, they surrounded him without hesitation.
‘Jesus, will you just stop following me.’
Hester gasped. ‘Did he mean us, or did he mean actual Jesus?’
Trudy and Norm looked to Hester wide eyed, and then to Percy. 
Meera watched them all.
‘Don’t be angry, Percy,’ Hester reached out a hand but Percy avoided contact, ‘we thought you should know that we know, that’s all. Nothing more. It was silly to chase you, but I… we… felt we should talk with you.’ She was breathing hard. 
Norm took Hester’s arm and guided her to a garden wall, where he made her sit. ‘We didn’t mean to upset you, Percy,’ he said, taking the spot next to her, his tan glistening with a light sheen of sweat; linen shirt moist.
‘You could have run faster,’ Meera observed. ‘If you really did not want to talk.’
Old face glowing with exertion, Hester agreed. A small smile appeared, ‘But you wanted us to,’ she said. ‘Didn’t you?’
Percy wanted to say that, no, he had not wanted them to chase him; that he regretted not running faster. But he said nothing, because Meera and Hester had touched on the truth, absurd as it was. Absolutely he could have raced away home. And while one half of him expected they would give up the chase, so why bother wearing himself out, the other, perplexed half, had taken control of his legs and prevented them from moving too quickly. Besides, running in thirty-two degree heat with near one hundred percent humidity would be enough to make him feel as if his pulse were spurting jets of blood inside his skull. This he knew for a fact, having sprinted at MacRitchie after flinging the ants.
‘I have no idea what you’re playing at,’ he said, honestly, ‘but it’s not funny. Not even a little bit. If this is a joke, then I don’t get it.’
‘Why do you keep talking about jokes, Percy? You don’t need to hide from us.’ Trudy again tried to touch him, her neatly manicured hand reaching out as she manoeuvred her gaze to find his.
‘No thank you. You’re all piss-drunk or something.’
‘We are most certainly not,’ said Meera, tossing her black hair while sharing a look of repugnance with Norm. She folded her arms, and took a place on the wall. Of the four followers, only Trudy remained standing.
Percy stepped away from her, irritated by her presence as much as the heat radiating from her body. He released a huge sigh and when he’d finished sighing, found it was still a struggle to muster up enough spirit to engage with any of them. 
He wanted to be rude, to push them away by being as nasty as he could possibly be, spewing all the fucks, bloodys, and cunts he could summon up. But despite their apparent shared role in it all, the presence of an old woman and a beautiful young one dulled his tongue. Trudy and Norm, the two truest believers, were the only pair he would have comfortably shouted at.
‘I don’t know what has got into you all,’ was all he muttered, before stalking off. 
The committed group of four followed.
‘It is you.’ Norm declared, loudly, ‘We know the truth. Hester has seen what you can do.’
‘And so has Norman,’ added Hester.
‘Have I?’
‘The hand… on your shoulder…’
‘Oh yes. Yes. Of course.’
Percy stopped and again sighed, the weary sound now tinged with frustration. ‘Am I asleep? I must be asleep.’ He raised his hands. It was a natural gesture, a physical demonstration of exasperation, but the open palms gave him the look of a Prophet gathering his flock. The palm of one hand bore a small but livid red scar, from a painful incident involving a tiny china cat. ‘Exactly!’ squealed Trudy, her face alight, all but her upper lip, nose and forehead captured in a smile, ‘that is exactly how we all felt, didn’t we? As if we had been sleeping our lives away.’
‘Okay, that’s it. I am dreaming. I knew it. Maybe if I call out I will wake up… Sal… Sal…’
‘But Sal has left you, Percy,’ mentioned Trudy, helpfully.
‘For Christ’s sake, I know that!’
‘It’s fine Percy,’ Hester’s tone was placatory, ‘settle down. We know who you are, dear. And so do you. The time has come, but you mustn’t worry about a thing. Nothing need change. Not for you. We can deal with everything. We’ll say no more about it for now.’
‘I have no idea what you are talking about. Please leave me alone.’
‘But you are the Messiah, Percy.’ Trudy’s unresponsive face struggled into a pleading expression. ‘The Messiah!’ she repeated.
Percy laughed sarcastically, ‘Messiah? That’s me, is it?’ He stared at them, softening just a fraction. ‘Have you been taking something?’
‘She meant Prophet,’ Hester corrected, glancing at Trudy, with a small frown.
Trudy shook her head gently, stiff lips slowly parting to allow freedom for the words that made her heart race. ‘It’s you! Messiah, Prophet, who cares?’
‘I can think of a few people…’ Hester said, quietly.
Trudy continued, ‘We all know the truth about you, so why hide it? Hester has seen what you can do, Norm too. And me, every night you come into my dreams and are there, loving me. We have a real connection. You must feel it. You are there, touching me.’
Instinctively, Percy searched the immediate vicinity in case by some miracle Sal was nearby, about to beg him to have her back just when damning accusations were beginning to fly. ‘Just stop it right there! Trudy, if you think that by…’
‘Percy, you stop!’ Norm said it firmly and loudly, so not only did Percy stop speaking, but Trudy, clearly on the verge of more, also closed her mouth. 
Hester and Meera stood quietly, waiting composedly within the pause of the moment.
‘Reluctant you maybe, but Prophet you are,’ Norm said, evenly. ‘It is not Trudy’s fault, or Meera’s fault, or Hester’s fault, any more than it is mine. The facts speak for themselves.’
‘They do,’ agreed Hester. ‘But that you might choose to deny a gift that others have died defending, well, Percy, it is the only thing that makes me doubt you.’
Percy stared at Hester. She doubted him. She was using doubt as an accusation, when he hadn’t claimed a thing. What was happening? ‘I am a messenger from whom exactly? The Great God Tiger Beer? Singha, The Almighty? Just who do I represent, the giant fucking coffee bean in the sky? Come on, spit it out, what Prophet? Norm, you’re Mormon, Meera’s Hindi and Trudy and Hester, well, I don’t know… Christian? There is no room for you to believe in whatever half-baked thing it is you claim.’ He took a shaky breath, and realising he had been shouting loudly, calmed a little. ‘In fact I think this really is an elaborate joke, after all. It is, isn’t it?’
‘I have relinquished my faith… for you.’ Norm said.
‘Meera’s Hindu, not Hindi. Hindi’s a language,’ remarked Hester, very softly.
Meera shook her head and remained silent.
‘If I am some kind of Prophet, why don’t I know it? Did Jesus deny his birthright? Or Mohammed? Or whoever else… whoever the Hindu or Buddhist or…’
‘We believe it is a new faith you bring, Percy.’ Hester’s voice was so gentle it was barely audible, and even her fellow believers struggled to hear her words. Hester’s well-known habit was to adjust her volume according to the seriousness of the situation, but unlike most people the more serious it was the quieter she became.
Percy placed a hand on his forehead, and sighed, ‘I see.’
They stood back and stared. 
‘He sees!’
‘Will you touch my forehead?’ asked Meera, her large dark eyes searching Percy’s face. 
Hester threw her a look. 
Percy saw it, but couldn’t decipher what was meant. ‘What? No!’ His hand fell to his side. ‘Listen, if I was some kind of… then I would know.’
Norm smiled warmly, ‘So humble.’
‘No, Norm. I am not humble. That is the last thing I am.’
The group exchanged a knowing look. Humble indeed.
‘Stop it.’
‘You perform miracles, Percy.’ Trudy secured a corner of Percy’s shirt.
Percy picked off her fingers, ‘I wish I could perform miracles. If I could there are a hundred things I would do, starting with you lot.’
‘Show us now,’ Norm suggested, with a smile full of hope.
‘What?’
‘If you can perform a miracle, then we are right; if not, well… then…’ Norm’s voice trailed away.
‘That is a ridiculous proposition, Norm. I can’t perform miracles.’
‘You can,’ Trudy said.
‘I can’t do this,’ Percy made to leave the situation.
‘Wait,’ Meera cried. 
Against his better judgement, Percy paused.
‘If you are so sure, then you won’t mind trying,’ whispered Hester, ‘and proving us wrong.’
‘I know what to do,’ Trudy raised an arm as if in a school classroom, ‘how about you predict what colour car comes round the corner next?’
‘And that would be a miracle, would it?’ Percy said, impatiently.
‘Stop. I know, I really do.’ Meera’s eyes shone with excitement, as she pointed down the road to a man limping his way towards them.
‘Wait right there,’ instructed Hester. ‘I’ll go.’
Meera set off regardless, but Hester’s reactions were mantis-like. She snatched a firm grip of Meera’s arm and held her fast. ‘I said I would go. You wait here.’
As the old man shuffled up the road, Hester slowly walked down to meet him. Percy watched while they spoke. After a short exchange, Hester ambled alongside him until they reached the group. The man looked even more bent and crippled close up than he had from a distance. 
‘Percy. This man has a chronically bent back. Straighten him.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous.’
‘Straighten him,’ she repeated.
‘Hester, stop it now.’ That she would drag an innocent bystander into such insanity made him feel embarrassed as much as angry.
‘Put your hands on him and do it. If it works it works, if not then we’ll know… we’ll know whatever Norm just said.’
Perhaps all this would end if he did as Hester asked, Percy thought. Maybe he could then go home and bury himself in ten cold beers by the pool, because any fewer was not going to be enough today. 
‘Fine.’ Percy manoeuvred around to face the old man. ‘I am so sorry. Really I am. Do you mind?’
Rheumy eyes looked up at him, lower lids drooping into a wet pink smile. ‘Can.’ The old man nodded.
Percy reached around and placed his hands on the old man’s back, holding them there for the few seconds Hester insisted upon. 
The old man straightened with surprising speed, nodded his thanks and with a vaguely pained expression beneath a huge grin, strolled away.
All five stood in total silence.
14. EYE OF THE DAY
No part of the pool was deep enough to immerse a body entirely, so Percy crouched to keep beneath the surface. From clear skies the sun shone bright and hot, but he’d only rubbed sunscreen onto his face. His shoulders were already ripe for peeling.
He moved a short way to a shallower point so he could kneel. The small tiles lining the pool were rough beneath his knees, and the heat penetrating his scalp burned. In a moment, once the warmed water had cooled him as much as it could, he would find shade and have a nap, before emailing Art, he decided.
‘Bloody hot today, isn’t it?’
Percy turned to find the woman from New Zealand nearby, the beauty who had reprimanded him for hurling unwary children into the pool. She was slowly walking past, fingers trailing in the water. 
‘Yeah,’ he said, looking up, cupping his hands to protect his eyes from the sun.
‘Dazzle you, do I?’ she asked.
‘It’s the sun.’
‘It was a joke.’
Percy was aware that she was towering over him. 
Beneath a cowboy style straw sun hat, she wore large dark glasses. ‘You should have your sunnies on. You’ll ruin your eyes.’
‘Thanks, Mum, I’ll bear that in mind.’
‘Do that. And while you’re at it, find a hat. You British are all the same. You’re like cardigan-wearing moths.’ He was about to question how a moth dressed in a cardigan might get sunburned, when she added, ‘But you’d even take your cardigan off if the flame was hot enough.’
This he dare not question, since he feared there was more to her statement than was obvious. He chose not to ponder it, since it made his arms feel strange.
The Kiwi had stopped wading and was standing quite close to him, he thought, for a barely dressed stranger. To avoid his gaze fixing on the two small triangles of blue and green bikini that he had already noticed bore the pattern of palm trees, he manoeuvred himself to face the other way, before standing up and making for the side.
‘Something I said?’ 
Percy ignored her.
‘I’m just pulling your leg.’
‘And I am just going over there and sleeping.’
‘Oh. Well, nice to meet you again, Percy.’
He turned and looked at her. She was following him from the water, her finely toned form seeming to rise from the depths, albeit depths of five foot two inches only. Dripping, Percy walked quickly to the free bed he’d spotted. The ground was scorching. A cautious backward glance revealed that the Kiwi had now stopped by a chair in the covered seating area, and was tying a short sarong about herself, the fabric sitting crossways over her neat hips. Percy had to turn away.
Before he settled down for a snooze on the perfectly shaded lounger, he looked at her again. Unusually, a name came back to him, though it wasn’t hers. Amanda. She had called her friend Amanda. It was Amanda who had recognised him from The Discussion Group. Amanda was attractive too, but recalling the toddler she was with, her image faded.
He closed his eyes and shut out the steaming world, aware that again he would soon need to get back into the pool and cool off. For now, though, he was comfortable enough. His mind drifted to Joyann. He’d gone to her the afternoon of the back straightening incident, because try as he might, alone he couldn’t rationalise whatever it was that had happened to him on Sixth Avenue. After escaping the demented four and arriving home, he had needed the comfort of a wife, but finding only The Kraken in the process of moving the wastepaper basket, he’d turned on his heels and jumped into the nearest cab. Shaken by the back-straightening incident, and feeling particularly betrayed by Norm, the emptiness often still felt at home was in evidence even before Percy had got there; the sight of The Kraken doing her usual thing making it all seem emptier still. The Kraken expressing her control in this one small way ensured every ounce of gumption Percy had so carefully cultivated meant nothing. Isolation was the one place left to him, and its stare was unblinking. He’d hoped Joyann could help.
Head resting comfortably on the lounger, Percy wiped away a dribble of sweat that had rolled into his ear. 
Bloody Norm. It was his declaration that annoyed Percy more than any other. Firstly, because it meant that Norm had, as suspected, been secretly admiring Percy with significant intensity; secondly, because this very fact made their friendship a fraud; and thirdly, because for Percy to feel anything about it all meant at some level Norm mattered. More droplets of sweat ran free as Percy scowled. The only thing worse than realising others have been allowed to get under your skin, was unwittingly allowing it to happen in the first place.
Joyann was not at the Sixth Avenue hardware store. Had she been, he would not have gone there. She was covering at the new dog boutique, in a mall Percy did not know.
‘So Percy,’ she had said, when she saw him coming in, ‘why the urgent message?’
The shop, Percy had noted, contained only two shoppers, and felt very quiet.
‘Sorry about that.’ Percy meant it. The moment Joyann’s question was posed he’d felt awkward, regretting asking her if she was free to talk. Not free, she had messaged back, but very happy to talk, adding then the address.
Joyann told him to sit down in one of the leather armchairs meant for clients, or at least, owners of the clients. Following instructions, he did as he was told. All about him were rails of tiny coats and shelves of small round shoes. Percy Field feeling brighter would have had many comments to make about a shop catering for the whimsy of dog owners. But Percy Field feeling brighter would not have found himself sitting in a leather armchair, waiting to unburden his woes.
She gave him a cup of green tea. ‘So,’ she said, as she watched the two shoppers browse, only one with a dog, ‘I think there must be something important to tell me, for you to come here? Is it something to do with Sal and Ethan? Have our ex’s decided to go swimming in shark infested waters or is the news less favourable?’ She smiled.
Sitting there in the cool, luxuriously appointed shop, Percy had struggled to speak, for where does a person begin to explain they have just been harassed by four people seemingly convinced of something not true? Such an event would be upsetting enough if the accusation were mainstream; such as he’d been sleeping with someone he shouldn’t. But a claim so outlandish it should have been laughable, yet was not, was almost impossible to relate. And how does a person account for the occurrence of faith healing, when the healer has no faith?
‘Percy?’ she encouraged.
He tried to begin but couldn’t.
Joyann perched her backside neatly on the arm of the chair. ‘Percy? What is it?’
He shook his head a little.
‘My God, she’s dead?’
‘Who?’
‘Sal!’
‘No. Sal is not dead,’ Percy said, noting that Joyann’s voice had some element to it that verged on sarcasm, yet wasn’t. ‘This has nothing to do with Sal or Ethan. Or being dead, for that matter.’
‘Then what?’
‘It’s Norm.’
‘Ah,’ she said, standing up, ‘what has he done now?’
‘Not just him. Trudy and Hester. And Meera.’
‘Tell me.’
‘They chased me, the four of them. They followed me from Bread Chat, the one next door to The Bean on Sixth Avenue, and kept following me until I agreed to speak with them.’
‘Go on,’ Joyann said, as she rummaged through the rails to find something for one of the customers. ‘I am listening.’
‘I’ll tell you in a minute,’ Percy said, unable to determine if she was listening as attentively as she could. ‘You do what you need to do first. I’ll wait and drink my tea. You haven’t any English breakfast tea, have you?’ He held out the cup of green tea hopefully, but Joyann was already too busy. ‘I’d prefer a cup of chimp,’ he added, quietly, thinking fondly of the chimpanzees that were used to advertise tea when he was a child, whilst not reflecting upon it too greatly.
Percy watched with minor interest as each of the two customers asked for more help at the same time. Joyann deftly produced what was wanted, and calmly satisfied both. Soon, great piles of canine accessories and clothing were covering the counter. When Joyann announced what was owed, Percy was relieved to be sitting down the sum was so vast. The two customers paid and left, and Joyann shut the door behind them, flipping the open sign to closed.
‘Don’t do that,’ he said. ‘You’ll lose business.’
‘Just for a few minutes only. I want to hear what happened.’
And so he had gone on to explain to Joyann the madness of the morning, finding comfort in her horror. She did not question the legitimacy of what he was telling her; never suggesting a joke might have been played. However, he did notice a faint smile when he told her about Trudy clutching at his clothes.
Seeming to accept what he’d said, Joyann advised accordingly. ‘If I were you, Percy, I would stay away from them, which means avoiding The Discussion Group.’
‘That’s not so difficult. It’s changed too much anyway.’
‘True,’ she agreed. ‘It has. Vlad the Impala has virtually ruined what we started. It’s not the gentle thing it once was. Maybe we can have an offshoot of our own. Not like Norm’s crazy gang, more a return to what we intended. Not an offshoot. This is the wrong expression. It would be more rediscovering our roots.’
‘The group was never as I intended, anyway.’
‘You intended, Percy?’
‘It was entirely your idea, Joyann, we both know that, whatever you’ve said since to try and include me as a founder. I am not. You are. But I always wanted more men. More men like Phrike, and like me. And like an old mate of mine, Art. You don’t know him. With that sort of set up, maybe this mess would never have happened.’
‘Percy Field, are you blaming me for the craziness of your morning?’
‘Of course.’
‘Percy!’
He smiled, feeling a little lightness return. ‘No. But it would have been different, that’s for sure. Vlad wouldn’t dare to try and stop Art talking about his veg. Not even his wife does that.’
‘I do not understand. Are you being vulgar?’
‘What? No! Not meat and two veg. Art’s an avid gardener. I agree that we should get back to what we started, but this time we should be more selective. Try and keep out reconstructed executives with de-constructed brains.’
‘It grew so quickly we couldn’t control it.’ Joyann had reopened the shop, allowing a young woman and small dog to enter. ‘But it was exciting to see an idea grow so fast.’
Silently, Percy observed that the new potential customers had three matching eyes. All four were protruding and tinged with red, too large for the head transporting them, but only three were brown. One of the dog’s massive eyes was blue. As the tiny animal passed by his chair, it darted at the tea Percy had put on the floor, neck straining, eyes bulging further. Percy had nudged the animal away with his foot, though he hadn’t wanted the tea for himself. The owner’s eyeballs had nearly come out on stalks.
When they were again alone Joyann returned to the subject of the chase. ‘I think something very strange happens to people who are expatriates for a long time.’
‘You reckon?’
‘Yes. I have met many, and those who stay for longer than usual become increasingly peculiar.’
‘Really?’ Percy couldn’t recall if Sal had also said something similar, because the idea wasn’t new to him.
‘I think at around six or seven years people are beginning lose touch with reality. At ten years they are different people than when they arrived. At twenty years they can never leave. This is what I think.’
‘Is that exclusive to Singapore?’
‘That is something I cannot know, Percy, of course. But I think probably not. And it is not a rule, you understand? Just my own observations.’
‘Did you notice that dog’s eyes matched the woman’s?’
Joyann sighed and went off to make herself a drink.
Lying on the lounger by the pool, mulling over the fact that dogs and owners really do look alike, while unable to pigeonhole Norm and Cocoa, Percy felt something cold and wet squash against his leg. Usually when this happened, it made his blood boil. Today, feeling as if his blood were already boiling with the heat, it simply made him decide to get back into the pool. He opened his eyes.
‘Hello.’
‘Hello boy.’
‘Coming for a swim, Uncle Percy?’
‘Can’t you swim on your own?’
‘Want a race? Bet I can beat you.’
‘How far?’ asked Percy, unable to resist a swimming challenge, having beaten the boy several times already.
‘One length.’
‘Again? I thrashed you last time.’
The boy stood up. ‘Come on, Uncle Percy. If you win then you can look after Kojak while we’re away. Our maid is going home for a week and me and Dad are going on holiday. He says we need it.’
‘Hang on a minute. If I win I get to look after a bald rodent for a week, a revolting animal I don’t like or want? An animal that I gave to you?’
‘Yeah.’
‘How about this: if I lose, then I will look after it, but if I win, you find someone else?’
The boy grinned. ‘Sure.’
Percy studied him. The child was moving through the rodent stage of development. His front teeth were large, body odour often similar to that of a buck rabbit. Percy knew precisely how buck rabbits smelled; when young he had boxed with a friend’s pet, after his friend had dared him to take the ferocious maniac from its hutch. 
‘You look like Kojak,’ he said.
‘I’m not bald,’ the boy said, before gnashing his teeth at Percy and leaping into the pool, gleefully.
15. JOYANN’S DOGGY DELIGHTS
Whilst Joyann’s son, Lucas, was safely heading to school on the bus, Joyann herself was settling down for a quiet day at home, when she learned that she needed to work. The glamorous young woman employed to run the new dog boutique was unwell; a statement reinforced with a short and delicate sneeze down the phone.
Disappointed, Joyann set about changing her clothes and gathering her things, while making a conscious effort to shift her mindset. It was true that a day doing nothing was long overdue, but equally it would be interesting to see first-hand how things were going with the new business. So far, on paper, everything appeared to be going well. 
In part, it was Norm’s wish to see Cocoa in a nice raincoat that inspired the venture, yet even so, with the raincoat secured, he continued shopping at Joyann’s hardware store on Sixth Avenue, as he always had. There, he bought poo bags, plus any little extras he took a fancy to on behalf of his canine companion. Joyann strongly urged him to visit the new shop, and he did, enthusiastically buying up almost every glitzy collar that fitted his furry friend. It was a single visit, despite Norm’s obvious delight. Old habits die hard, Joyann supposed, and old dogs really cannot learn new tricks unless it involves a new master.
But Norm’s persistence in patronising the Sixth Avenue store meant she still got to chat with him from time to time. Since, with the exception of work, Joyann stayed at home far more than she went out, she appreciated a friendly face that wasn’t Lucas or their maid. Generally, Joyann’s social life had slipped from fairly good to almost non-existent, its demise, she considered, not of her doing. 
The Discussion Group had become boringly elitist and so Joyann went only when she herself could organise something. And since Ethan had run off with Sal, old friends were husks in a desert. Some friendships, if they could be called that, had withered the moment the estrangement became known. Perhaps these were ladies who did not want a single woman roaming loose amongst happy couples, or maybe they were simply too embarrassed to talk to her, unsure of what they should or shouldn’t say. After all, the marriage had been a long one. Possibly, the break-up had unsettled them, stirring a dread of the future, and a fear of uncertainty. In this, Joyann saw irony, since her opinion was that uncertainty should be viewed as a unifying force; uncertainty of tomorrow one of the few things all people share in common. Whatever the explanation, for Joyann reasons were an irrelevance, because true friends never duck for cover when faced with an enemy, common or otherwise. They hadn’t all run away, of course. Support had come, mainly from unexpected places; from friends she had not realised thought so much of her.
On the upside, she and Lucas were eating out together far more than they had as a family of three, and Joyann made new acquaintances whilst cheering on his football team every Saturday morning. Seeking interaction beyond the familiar wasn’t new, for she was gregarious by nature, happily setting up her discussion group with two strange men; easily leading her business into new territories. But feeling forced to be outgoing made it less appealing. Her world felt narrowed.
There was some new thing going on, she’d heard, involving Norm and a small group of women from The Discussion Group. Whatever it was, Joyann wanted no part of it. It was to do with Percy, some nonsense that sounded remarkably like a fan club. Norm’s crush was clearly contagious. Much as Joyann liked the man, Percy Field and fan club were not words that made good bedfellows. She was very fond of Norm, too, so on the occasions he called in she avoided talking about anything too controversial.
The mall was quiet when Joyann arrived for work. It wasn’t her first choice for the location of the boutique, but made for a decent stepping-stone. Some of the best stores on Orchard Road had begun in modest circumstances, tucked away in some awkward unit on an unpopular floor of an unpretentious mall, before eventually rising to the prime spot. Her first choice had been Lucky Plaza, an old mall on Orchard Road harking back to earlier times. But the rent didn’t hark back quite far enough, and there were no available units, in any case.
Someone was waiting for the store to open. Focussed solely on unlocking the unit, Joyann smiled and said good morning, assuring the woman she would need only two minutes to get things ready, and then she could welcome her in. Joyann bent down and unlocked the metal shutter, pushing it up until it was rolled away.
Only when this was done did she look at the person. Two painful beats heaved inside her chest. 
‘And what do you want?’ she asked, coldly.
Sal stood very straight, with both hands clutching a smart black leather handbag, covering her groin. 
Too late to cover it now, thought Joyann. 
Instead of her usual long dress, Sal wore a sharp suit, dark grey herringbone, and tailored to flatter her narrow waist and full bosom; as far as Joyann could tell, she wore nothing else. Sal took a few steps towards the door of the shop, high heels tapping the tile floor.
‘You cannot come in,’ Joyann said, quickly. She was glad to have chosen her favourite blue dress today.
‘Not even for a moment?’
‘No.’ Joyann was trembling with nerves, but she squared up to Sal regardless. ‘You are not welcome here, or in any of my stores.’
Sal nodded, meekly.
‘So what do you want?’
‘Ethan asked me to talk to you.’
‘Why?’
 ‘About the divorce.’
Joyann huffed loudly. The sound echoed.
‘I’m sorry,’ Sal added, ‘I know it’s awkward.’
‘Awkward?’ Joyann’s mouth dried.
‘Sorry.’
‘Sorry?’
‘He thought we might talk, woman to woman.’
‘Woman to woman?’
Joyann watched as Sal took a submissive posture, allowing her hands to fall to her sides, as if she were a schoolgirl suddenly accused of something she thought she’d got away with.
‘We’d like to get married.’
‘I’ll sign when I am ready.’ Joyann folded her arms. Sal seemed incredibly tall.
‘We thought if we were married, it might be more reassuring for Lucas. More settling.’
‘How dare you even mention his name! This has nothing to do with Lucas! Ethan does not even bother with him…’
‘That’s not true, Joyann, we took him…’
Joyann slammed Sal her fiercest look, ‘How dare you! You took him where? To Universal Studios, once! And even then he was meant to be at the beach! Did anyone bother to tell me of the change? No. Do either of you ever think about anyone else? No.’
‘We’ve had him more than once, and you know it.’
Joyann was incredulous. ‘Had him more than once? He is his father!’
‘I am making a point.’
‘Yes! And always late back!’
Sal looked about, and sighed quietly. ‘Joyann…?’
‘What?’
‘Will you sign?’
‘Have I ever said that I wouldn’t?’
‘But you haven’t actually done it.’
‘Go away.’ Joyann opened the shop door. ‘How did you know I’d be working here today?’
‘Ethan told me.’
‘And how did Ethan know?’
‘I don’t know. Isn’t someone sick?’
Joyann felt her heart sink. He had always been controlling. Clearly nothing had changed. ‘Tell him I will sign when he stops interfering in my life.’ 
She did not allow Sal time to ask what she meant, but went inside, closed the door behind her, and walked straight to the little area set aside for staff, tucked around a corner. She opened a tiny fridge and pulled out a bottle of water.
A dilemma. If she fired the girl who ran the store she would have to find a replacement, and until she did, Joyann would need to work in it herself. Frankly, she had enough to do already. But if she let the girl stay, was that condoning a lie? For certainly the girl had been coerced into taking the day off. Joyann remembered the sneeze, and thinking that the girl was one of those people who felt obliged to add sound effects when phoning in sick; one of those people who forced their voices to sound rough and miserable, always too high pitched as if this made them extra honest.
It was a ridiculous sneeze and it was ridiculous of Ethan, she thought. Sal could have waited in any number of places to talk, if that was all he’d wanted. No, he was flexing his muscles, pathetic as they were. Flex away, Joyann thought, it will get you nowhere, and with that in mind she resolved to keep the girl on.
Joyann heard the door open, and her pulse rose once more. Bracing herself, Joyann strode out, to be faced with a woman and her two small children. 
‘Okay to look?’ the woman asked, ‘We’re picking up our new dog later.’ She smiled, her brilliant white teeth and tanned face not unlike the woman Joyann feared had returned.
‘Of course,’ Joyann, said, summoning a smile. ‘Please let me know if you need anything.’
After the two children had inspected every article of clothing in the store, the family left having bought nothing. Soon after, another young family came in and rummaged in the same way, but stacked up five hundred dollars worth of dresses and shoes for their beloved Muffin. Muffin was at home, Joyann learned, because of the law regarding certain breeds. Muffin the English bull terrier didn’t like the muzzle, they said. Suspecting it was the family that didn’t like the muzzle more than Muffin, Joyann showed them a range she had in pretty colours and patterns, one style made to look like a lip-sticked mouth. The children hooted with laughter, and the pile grew higher.
After they’d gone, bags bulging, there was a short respite before more customers came in. After this, Joyann found a moment to enjoy a cup of tea. It was then the message from Percy arrived. Already feeling sapped of energy, Joyann had to remind herself what true friendship was, before inviting him over. She checked the time. How was it lunchtime? What had happened to the morning? Hours had reeled away unnoticed off the back of Sal’s unsettling presence. 
The thought of lunch made her stomach grumble. If she was quick, she could grab something from the hawker centre beneath the mall, and eat it in the back room before Percy arrived. Leaving her tea, she closed the shop and hurried out.
When she returned, no one was waiting, and so she made herself comfortable out of sight and ate char kway teow from a polystyrene container, enjoying the softness of the flat rice noodles and the hot, salty flavours. Finishing just before more customers arrived, Joyann refreshed her tea and started the afternoon feeling very much better than she had. Soon after, Percy arrived, looking pale and tired.
When Joyann heard what had happened, she decided not to share the events of her own morning. As far as Joyann knew, Percy’s divorce was all but settled, so there was little point in raising the subject, other than for the sake of reminding Percy that his wife was keen to remarry. Today, she felt, that sort of conversation constituted nothing better than the stirring up of gossip. Instead of unburdening her own irritations, Joyann listened to Percy’s, wondering if it was possible for the day to become anymore bizarre than it already was. As it happened, it was.
Long after Percy had gone and the last customer was served, Joyann locked the door and was in the process of pulling down the metal shutter, when from behind her a voice spoke.
‘I am sorry I upset you,’ Sal said. ‘It’s been a very difficult time.’
Joyann listened in silence, continuing to do what was needed to secure the unit. More tired than she’d been in a long time, she could find no reserve of energy to draw upon. Earlier, the surprise of Sal had caused adrenalin to surge; now, Sal only exacerbated a dulling sense of burden.
‘I wouldn’t have come back, normally,’ Sal continued, ‘I wouldn’t have come at all. And I can imagine how it seems, me coming here. But it’s just… well… things have been a little difficult for me lately, and Ethan thought that… well…’
Joyann waited to see what would follow the drifting pause Sal had chosen to leave. It was a silence she clearly wanted Joyann to fill. She would not oblige. Turning to face her, Joyann was shocked to see fat tears rolling. She held firm. This was genuine distress, but no matter.
Sal put her knuckles to her painted lips, and set her focus on Joyann. Clearly she was trying to control herself. Joyann continued to watch as Sal tried to speak, and more tears came.
Pity stirred. Joyann fought it.
After several steadying breaths, Sal said, ‘I am sorry. My mother died. I’m not coping very well.’
‘I am sorry for your loss,’ Joyann said, despite herself.
‘Thank you.’
Joyann could see the gratitude in Sal’s soft brown eyes, but stopped herself from offering any words of comfort. What was Ethan thinking of, sending a grieving woman on an errand like this? Or was it exactly what he’d planned, using Sal to rouse Joyann’s sympathy? Her own family had never liked him, and now she was beginning to see what they had seen. Not the cheating man he revealed himself to be, but the manipulator he always was. As sorry as she was for Sal’s loss, Joyann could not pity her. Sal had chosen Ethan – stolen Ethan – a married man with a child, and she could suffer the shame of it. Just as Joyann had seen friends fall away after the break-up, so Sal would find new friendships tainted because of it. As far as Joyann could tell, everyone was sitting in judgement, one way or the other.
No more was exchanged, but Joyann’s resolve not to sign as quickly as Ethan wanted weakened, in spite of everything. A question rose up: might it be better to be free of this kind of nonsense, than have it repeat and repeat, just because she did not want to do as he wished. Did Joyann’s own childish resistance trivialise everything? Perhaps, she thought, he should be allowed the success of this one last manipulation, and she could console herself with the knowledge that he did not complete his manoeuvre without being discovered. 
Having never lived a life requiring ammunition, Joyann was beginning to suspect it could be useful to have something in the armoury.
16. HESTER’S CREATIVITY
Percy was sitting amongst the rest of The Discussion Group, gathered together for a welcome break in the shade of the café. Joyann had organised one of her occasional day meetings, the message also stating she was fed up with other people trying to run her life. When Hester read it she’d felt sad. Certainly, The Discussion Group had changed. Hester had been pleased with the idea of returning yet again to Haw Par Villa, and very glad that someone had thought to forward the message on to her. Joyann, it seemed, had accidentally forgotten a few people.
The day had grown oppressively hot. The sun was lost behind an even greyness, but the searing heat could be felt. By mid afternoon most of the group had moved themselves to the protective awning of the café, where they were sitting eating ice-lollies as if they had never been away.
Hester had chosen a can of iced tea, rather than an ice-lolly, a vague nod to her doctor’s advice and her husband’s sideways glances. Again, she was being nagged about her weight and health. The drink was sugary, she’d noticed, but at least it wasn’t full of fat. Holding the cold can against the thin skin of her cheek, she was watching something unfold.
‘Percy, I need to speak to you,’ Trudy’s voice trembled as she called across to him.
He sighed, ‘Not now, Trudy. And definitely not if it is about what I think it is about. I’ve got enough on my plate with a bald rodent stinking the house out. I came here to relax.’
Hester was pleased to see Percy. Since they had pursued him across the larger part of Sixth Avenue and surrounding streets, he’d been hard to find. She suspected Joyann had persuaded him to come. Joyann had been rather cool towards her, Hester felt, and Trudy too. It hadn’t gone unnoticed that she still spoke with Norm using her usual friendly manner, however.
‘It’s not the usual thing, as you put it,’ Trudy twiddled her dark hair. ‘But it is private. Could we talk over there?’
‘No.’
‘Please.’
‘Percy said no, Trudy,’ Joyann used a firm tone. ‘Please respect this.’
Hester noted a strange look pass over Percy’s face. He didn’t like being defended, she concluded.
Percy turned to Joyann and began talking quietly. 
‘I tried,’ Trudy said to Hester.
‘You did, dear. You did try. But I think fiddling with your hair made you look as if you planned to pin him against the nearest giant frog and stick your hand in his trousers.’
‘You told me to do it.’
‘I did not tell you to twist your hair around your finger like a teenager. I merely suggested,’ Hester leaned across a little and lowered her voice, ‘that you might feel better if you cleared the air with him, and got to the bottom of these dreams you’ve been having. Now I know some of them are perhaps a little embarrassing for you to talk about, particularly the one involving live yoghurt and three tomatoes, but unless you talk to him you’ll just keep feeling frustrated. And you certainly need to discuss the dream where you meet him here, and get that one out of your mind. It sounds more nightmare than dream, frankly. I know it is a hard thing to accept, Trudy, but while Percy is a wonderful man, I really do not think he is interested in you in that way. If you need him to tell you this, then so be it.’
‘But he looks at me in that way, looks at my…’ Trudy indicated her breasts.
‘Well, they are rather hard to miss, dear. I for one have looked at them several times and have no wish to sleep with you.’
Trudy’s full lips clamped together, and Hester knew she was fighting tears.
‘Trudy, what is the matter with you lately? You’re a married woman but all you think about is Percy, Percy, Percy. It’s not like you. You’ve become silly. It is fine to admire him as a Prophet, but there, I believe, is the limit. And really, admiring someone as Prophet might even be viewed as the absolute height of admiration.’
Trudy glared, ‘And you don’t think about him?’
‘Of course I do. But because he is someone special, not because I want to sleep with the man.’
‘Norm feels like I do, and I don’t hear you talking to him like this. I’m a grown woman, Hester, and you’re patronising me. Again.’
‘Then act like a grown woman and sort it out. I have no idea why you have decided there is something between you when plainly there isn’t, but if you are so convinced then do something, because I don’t think I can stand you mooning around much longer. You are dear to me, Trudy, you know that, and I hate to see you this way. It’s a crush, you’ll get over it.’
‘It’s not a crush.’
She looked deep into Trudy’s eyes, and patted her arm. Hester’s face portrayed an apology, but inside she felt anything but sorry. Trudy had taken the prompt to adore Percy readily, but run with it far faster than expected. Not only that, she’d taken off in a direction Hester failed to anticipate, because she hadn’t realised just how lonely Trudy was. But, in a sense, her neediness and sexual infatuation were useful, Hester knew. Trudy was every bit as human as the next person; the more Trudy was told she was wrong about her feelings the more convinced she became of them. She made the perfect follower for a man like Percy.
‘I’m sorry for snapping,’ Trudy said.
‘Are you quite well? You might not like me saying this, but I wonder if you are menopausal?’
Trudy’s face, though stiff, managed to take on a look of horror. ‘I am not that old.’
‘You are, dear,’ Hester said, quietly.
The two fell silent. Without looking, Hester could tell that Trudy was gazing at Percy. She said nothing.
*
Reluctantly, Percy left the relative comfort of a plastic chair and went back into the blazing heat of the day. ‘How can I help you?’ he said. Trudy had again begged him for a moment alone, this time walking over to him. Percy noticed Hester watching, her expression impassive.
He hadn’t wanted to talk, but was aware that yet again Joyann was ready to leap to his defence. It wasn’t her defence of him making Percy uncomfortable; to have anyone do that was something of a novelty. It was more that this form of intervention was based on assumption, and he loathed assumption. His first serious girlfriend had assumed he would like to waste a perfectly good afternoon with her family; it felt as if she’d pulled a bag over his head and tried to suffocate him. Joyann was assuming he needed a voice to back up his own, and for him, contained within this assumption, lay a suggestion that perhaps she was the wiser of the two. By cutting her off, allowing Trudy his time and so making himself vulnerable, Percy had, of course, proved this particular assumption correct.
At first, Trudy was silent, and they walked a short distance from the others without speaking at all. But when they stopped, words seemed to tumble from her mouth, unchecked and unashamed. 
‘I love you.’ She announced it as simple fact.
Percy was horrified. He turned to walk away but she grabbed his arm.
‘Sorry.’ Her voice quivered, irritating him further. ‘Sorry,’ she said again, loosening her grip, though her hand remained. ‘I don’t know what’s happening to me. I’m not normally like this.’
Percy groaned miserably, ‘My God, you just don’t get it do you? I am not who you think I am.’
‘But I think I would love you anyway, even if you weren’t,’ Trudy said, softly. She shrugged, ‘I’ve said it now, so I may as well say it again. I love you.’ She lifted her chin, as if in defiance.
Percy shook his head. There were many things he wanted at that moment. Firstly, to turn back the clock and have Joyann tell Trudy to go away, secondly to magically teleport to The Tired Turtle, and thirdly to arrive with a beer instantly in his hand. Fourthly, a second bottle should be lined up ready, because the first wasn’t going to last. What would life be, without The Tired Turtle? 
‘You don’t love me, Trudy. I don’t know why you say you do, but you don’t.’ He said it kindly, surprising even himself.
Standing alongside a statue of a large crab sprouting the head of a smiling young man, they were silent for a moment. It was an uneasy atmosphere, and fearing what she might say or do next, Percy suggested they go back to the café. 
‘It’s too hot,’ he added, implying they needed the shade it would offer.
‘Maybe you could cool us down?’ She smiled a little.
Percy was puzzled. He’d half expected a smutty remark about him being hot. But maybe this was a smutty remark? He couldn’t tell.
‘You can do miracles,’ she said. ‘I think today we need a big one. Perhaps a giant ice-cube.’
Inside Percy’s brain a short battle commenced. One half instructed him to be silent and return to Joyann, while the other half insisted he tell Trudy to piss off and leave him alone. Meanwhile, his mouth took advantage of the dilemma. ‘I can’t do miracles.’
‘You’re too modest.’
‘No. I really can’t do miracles.’
‘You’re a Messiah, aren’t you?’
‘I think you mean Prophet.’
‘Yes, Prophet, of course. I always get that wrong. Hester told me that Messiah is something to do with Jews, though I looked it up and apparently it can just mean leader, if that person is thought to be a saviour of some sort. No one likes me saying it though. Sorry. I’m waffling.’ 
Uncomfortable with her gazing at him, Percy started moving away. Trudy went with him, putting her arm through his. He tried to shake her off, but she held firm. Unwilling to make a scene, he stopped resisting and walked with her.
‘You are the one. And I know now why you deny it, why you are making us wait.’
‘Oh yeah?’ he sighed, eyes rolling.
‘Yeah.’
Again, his brain lost to his mouth. ‘Why?’
‘Nothing worth having is easy. My father used to tell me this all the time. Actually, he used to say, “Nothing worth having is easily gained and nothing worth knowing is easily learned”. When I wanted a pony, he said it; if I wanted a new bike, he said it. And when I was doing my O levels, he said it then, too. I used to think it was his way of avoiding helping me, or of not spending money, but he just wanted me to try harder. I was a lazy child. He was right, of course, that nothing worth knowing is easily learned, because that little bit of insight took me years to understand.’
‘It’s true, I guess.’
‘Not if you’re a kid. He could have easily bought me a pony, we were comfortable enough,’ she looked at Percy, coyly, ‘but of course, in most cases it is true. The thing worth having, whether knowledge or something physical, isn’t easy to get.’
She was quiet for a moment, and Percy sensed they were on the brink of some terrifying announcement. His heart sank when it came.
‘I dream about you, you know? About us. I dream things I can’t bring myself to say out loud. But I wanted you to know.’
‘Ah,’ was all he could think to say.
‘I know you don’t want me, not like that.’
He managed silence.
‘Or do you? Maybe it’s not appropriate? Is that it?’ She sighed, wistfully. ‘I wish you would tell me what you are… I mean… what you are about.’ She pushed her arm further through his, and locked it there with her other hand, clinging like a monkey might hug a rucksack. ‘Sorry, I’m not making much sense.’
Percy thought he was going to die from embarrassment if the heat didn’t get him first. She was a human radiator. He tested her grip and again relented.
‘You’ve come here,’ she continued, ‘and inspired people. You’ve shown us your gifts, but something about it confuses me,’ her head leaned against his arm. ‘I feel unfocussed. Is this what you want us to feel? Am I the only one not to hear you talk about God?’
‘You and several billion others, including me,’ Percy said, stopping. He had walked so she was forced to let go of his arm in order to navigate a protruding shrub.
‘You are so unassuming, Percy.’ Trudy’s perfectly shaped eyes glazed over as she stood back and admired him. ‘In my dreams you are just the same. I love it when you come to me in those dreams. Somehow, I think that you already know all about it, because I imagined this moment many times, and then I dreamt of it, of standing in this park with you, and here we are. I…’
‘Are you taking the piss?’
‘Never. I am sorry. I shouldn’t have made you uncomfortable. It’s just when you…’
‘Stop it, please. I don’t want to hear. Your dreams are just that, Trudy, dreams. It’s not real. What you think of me is not real. None of it is real.’
‘I did dream of it, Percy.’
The neat smile that formed on her face annoyed him. Once again he was reminded of his first girlfriend after she became a born-again Christian, which was shortly before they parted company. The expression was smug and it said: you’re so sweet in your ignorance.
Percy was tempted to tell Trudy to stop patronising him, to stop being weird, and to piss off, but having returned within sight of the café and feeling Joyann’s eyes upon him, he decided to soften his response. It wouldn’t do for Joyann to watch him torture a middle-aged woman, even a plastic replica of one. It occurred to Percy then how well Trudy fitted in at Haw Par Villa.
He stepped away so she would be unable to link arms again without rugby tackling him. ‘However you think you see things,’ he began, ‘whatever you think you believe, it is not true. You’ll see that one day, okay? You think you’ve had some kind of revelation, but you haven’t. It is in your mind, Trudy.’
Her eyes moistened, as she stared. ‘I don’t understand.’
Percy trawled his brain for an explanation that might make sense, one that didn’t include the words diseased, sick, mind, and surgery. Joyann was watching closely, Percy knew. He could risk a simple comforting pat to her head and leave it at that, but he wanted to shake her off quickly, to say something to end her nonsense. Given Percy’s natural propensity for sarcasm and flippant remarks, the statement he formulated was never likely to move things in a helpful direction.
‘Okay Trudy,’ he said, after filling his cheeks with a hot breath and slowly letting it go, staring at her intently all the while. ‘There will be a revelation, and then you will see me for who I really am. I am human and horribly flawed. And believe me, I am far from perfect.’ He took a step and leaned in, and she responded by moving her head closer to his. His mouth almost touched her ear, so Joyann couldn’t know what he was saying. Trudy smelled of hair care product, the same brand Sal always used. ‘I don’t care if what you do is right or wrong,’ he whispered, ‘because I am a complete and utter bastard. And that, my dear Trudy, is God’s honest truth.’
Trudy drew back, open-mouthed. Then her eyes lit up, and she grabbed his hand and kissed it. ‘Thank you, Percy! Thank you.’
As she hurried away, Percy stared after her shapely form. He was baffled. He could not imagine what he had said to make her so happy. Hadn’t he made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with her, that he had no interest in anyone else and what they did or did not do? It couldn’t have been plainer that he didn’t give a shit. What had gone wrong?
Sitting once more with a now smirking Joyann, Percy decided that in future any form of reassurance or explanation would not feature in his dialogue with Trudy or anyone else, because he would avoid discussion with insane people at all costs. He could feel the hairs on his neck lifting at the whispered words being shared behind him. Percy couldn’t hear exactly what was being said, but he knew Hester and Trudy were talking about him. And he knew that Trudy was happy.
Soon, the two women stood up and announced they were off to continue their tour of the park. As they passed, so Hester placed a hand on Percy’s shoulder, and gently squeezed.
*
Later that same day, Joyann and Percy were sitting in the cool of Vivocity, an enormous shopping mall overlooking docked cruise ships, and Sentosa, a leisure island with a giant theme park that contrasted sharply with the late nineteen thirties Haw Par Villa they had just enjoyed. Percy took a mouthful of cold beer and stared at the fairytale castle turrets, and the outsized signs and rising rollercoaster tracks, all advertising the joys within. As he looked, everything began disappearing behind a dense curtain of rain.
‘It’s as if Trudy is trapped in some kind of fantasy, like that place over there,’ he said, gesturing across the water, ‘caught up in an idea because something about the structure of it makes it seem real. I don’t get it. And I really don’t get why me.’
‘I agree with you, Percy, that it is all very odd. I think they are just four needy people who were drawn to you, and now they have become carried away. People who join cults, for example, are just people who feel outside of things, lonely people seeking an embrace. I think this group is no different.’
‘I have not encouraged this in any way, shape, or form, Joyann.’
‘You are quite charismatic, in your own way. Did you know that?’
‘We’re talking about me, right?’
‘Of course.’
‘Joyann! I am not charismatic. God, I wouldn’t even want to be. Imagine people always wanting to talk to you.’ He frowned, ‘No. Not me at all.’
‘You underestimate yourself, Percy. You miscalculate the value others put upon those who appear strong.’
 ‘I have to disagree with you again. I never underestimate myself. I know what people think of me, what my teachers thought of me, what my own parents thought of me; what Sal thinks of me. What she used to think of me, anyway. And I don’t mind. Actually, I like it. It’s easy being unpopular. It means I don’t have to try.’ Percy groaned. ‘Now look at me, look what’s happening… for God’s sake! See what you’ve done? We’re talking about feelings. I hate it.’
Joyann sipped iced tea. ‘What I have done, or what they have done? Or is it what you have done yourself?’
‘Don’t. I already feel like I am going insane.’
She chortled softly. ‘Careful, Percy. Don’t let your followers hear you. They’ll think you are crumbling. We can’t have the Prophet of God suffering a nervous breakdown; it doesn’t send the right message. Maybe there will be one of those chat shows where the public share their problems: being a Prophet made me a mess.’ 
‘Very funny. Not.’
She smiled, her pretty almond eyes more forgiving than they had been. ‘You know, Percy, they’ll eventually forget if you stop responding. You have a habit of encouraging without meaning to.’
‘Do I? I don’t think I do.’
‘Percy. You cannot resist saying things to them. I saw you with Trudy. You could have said no to her, but you chose to talk. And I would like to know what you whispered in her ear. Yes. I saw your lips moving.’
Percy grimaced, ‘I said I was a bastard.’
‘And you didn’t consider that maybe she likes bastards? Stop conversing with them. Only then can they know you have nothing to say.’
‘I know. You’re right, as usual. All I do is talk about it. Anyway, I’ve already decided what to do. The only thing is to stop speaking to them completely.’
‘Good. I think you have made the right decision, and if you need to unload I am more than happy to talk. And I promise not to convert, although clearly you are a god amongst men.
17. A MEN
 ‘Hi Uncle Percy.’
‘Hi boy.’ 
Percy was walking along the path outside his house, planning to catch the bus to the Botanic Gardens. Lately, the regularity of his walk there had slipped and he was missing it. He’d already decided on the perfect visit: coffee, watermelon juice, walk, and then a beer somewhere. 
‘Where are you going?’ The boy had jumped up from the step outside of his own house and was now walking at Percy’s heels. ‘Swim?’
‘Yeah, a swim.’
‘But you’re wearing shorts and a shirt.’
‘That’s right.’
‘So you’re not swimming?’
‘Obviously not. You’re the one who said it.’
‘You agreed.’
‘Only because you always say daft things.’
‘Oh.’
‘So where are you going?’
‘For a walk.’
‘I meant, where are you walking to, Uncle Percy?’
‘I’m going for a walk. That’s where I am going.’
‘I don’t understand.’
Percy huffed. ‘You’re hard work sometimes. You don’t need to understand.’
‘But I want to know.’
‘I am catching a bus to the Botanic Gardens and there I shall go for a walk. Okay?’
‘Okay. That sounds nice.’
Percy frowned, and paused on the path. ‘How old are you? That can’t possibly sound nice to someone your age.’
‘It does.’
‘I haven’t forgiven you, by the way.’
‘For what?’
‘Cheating. You can’t claim to win a race when the other person isn’t given a fair chance at it. And it wasn’t fair to set me up like that.’
‘Set you up?’
‘You know what I mean. Making sure my swim was interrupted.’
‘You chose to stop, Uncle Percy. No one made you. It wasn’t my fault she got in your way, or that her top came undone.’
‘You seem to know quite a lot of detail for someone who had nothing to do with it.’
The boy looked at Percy with innocent eyes. ‘You didn’t have to help her.’ He turned and walked backwards in front of Percy for a short distance. ‘By the way, the lady with the big boobs is down there.’ The boy threw a thumb over his shoulder, to where the path opened out into a turning circle for cars and a drop off for school buses. It was also a meeting point.
‘Really? Which one?’
‘Which boob?’
‘Which woman?’
‘The one who told you off.’
‘And which one is that?’
‘She might be Australian, or something?’
‘Who?’
‘You know,’ came the impatient reply, ‘the one we were just talking about! The one you helped.’
‘See you later,’ Percy said, striding off and leaving the boy to try and catch a flying dragon that had just made the mistake of revealing itself. He knew it was most likely the Kiwi whose friend was called Amanda. If indeed she was at the end of the path, she could be on her way to the pool, a sight worth catching.
As he anticipated, she was sitting on the low wall, wearing a one-piece swimsuit with a towel wrapped like a sarong. Even though he preferred a tiny bikini, he was more than pleased with what he saw.
‘Hi Percy,’ she said, smiling.
‘Oh, hi.’ Percy flushed a little. She had caught him ogling.
‘How are you?’
‘Fine. You swimming?’
‘Nah. Walking.’
Momentarily confused, Percy frowned, before realising he was being as silly as the boy.
‘I’ve got a lesson here. I’m just waiting for someone.’
‘The other Kiwi?’
‘Amanda? No, she’s in the pool already. Another girl. We have a lesson here every week.’
‘So you live here?’
‘Only for a while.’
A taxi pulled in. He stepped out of the way, assuming the other swim student had arrived. 
‘A welcome party?’ said the newcomer, as she climbed out.
Attention lost, Percy said good-bye and wandered off.
While the Kiwi provided a very attractive distraction, Percy was looking forward to leaving the condo and finding some head space. Sal was again talking about the rental term as if he needed to move out tomorrow. The two years were very far from up, yet she kept reminding him that he should start looking for something else. He kept reminding her that there was nowhere affordable, and no relevant jobs to be had. She would then say go back to England, and he would reply that he didn’t want to go back yet. She would ask why was he always so negative, and he replied that he wasn’t. It appeared that being apart wasn’t so different from being together. 
He didn’t miss her anymore, in the way he had. What he missed was physical company, more specifically sex, though he was forced to remind himself – not for the first time – that they had not been physical for some time before the marriage finally ended. Sal had mastered the art of falling asleep while Percy was distracted.
Once on the bus, he settled into his seat for the short ride. With regard to the gardens, he had one hope and one hope only: that Norm wasn’t there. Since the farce Percy regarded as the Sixth Avenue Attack, he’d hardly seen him. Though at first he’d been angriest with Norm, he now felt more forgiving of him than the others. Aside from the few gushing statements made in Bread Chat, Norm had hardly said a word throughout the whole episode. He was also the sort of man who could act absurdly one day and talk as if nothing had happened the next. Even so, Percy was not yet ready to see him.
Alighting inside the grounds, Percy walked the short distance to the café, ever alert. He scanned the immediate vicinity, but could detect no sign of the brown hypoallergenic canine or her white haired master. He relaxed, ordered his drinks and took a seat. How long ago was it that he started this custom of coffee, watermelon juice and a walk? In the great scheme of things, it was so recent it could barely count as a habit, but in this world of the expat, a place where time takes on different meaning, it felt as if he’d been doing it all his adult life. He pondered this point. He had visited the gardens on so many occasions that in some ways he really had come as often as anyone else might in their entire lifetime. He pondered further. Did that include people passing through? Because they may have no choice but to visit only once or twice, yet would come more if they could. A pleasant sensation travelled Percy’s spine, and crept across his back. It was really very nice to be thinking about nothing in particular.
He watched as people walked by, some stopping at the café, some browsing the gift shop window opposite, others resting on the seats beneath the oil palms shading the area. It had all become so familiar to him, like his own backyard. He enjoyed the mix of local and visitor, young and old. Most of all, he loved the peace.
‘Hello.’
Percy turned and looked straight into the bright eyes of Verity Sullivan.
‘Fancy seeing you here?’ she said, her lilting Welsh accent and husky tones making Percy feel he was being gently massaged, soft invisible fingers caressing his temple. 
‘I often come here,’ he replied.
‘Do you now?’
‘Would you like to sit down?’ 
‘What about Cocoa?’
‘They won’t mind, not out here.’
Instinctively, Percy moved back, as Verity eased her large frame into a neighbouring chair.
‘I’m not that big,’ she said, with a chuckle, as she arranged the skirt of her dress; burnt orange silk that made her dark hair and blue eyes appear even more striking.
You are, Percy thought, trying hard not to gaze at her enormous bosom. Today was turning into a reminder of what he had not had in a very long time. He then wondered why she was out and about walking around in the heat. She made no secret of the fact that for a larger person, the hot climate could be a problem.
‘I am absolutely boiling,’ she said, as if he had spoken his thoughts, ‘I can tell you this much, when you are my size extreme heat is your enemy.’
‘Then why live here?’
She laughed a little. ‘It’s not that bad, you great banana. Anyway, Norm’s gone off for a few days and the maid’s had to go back to the Philippines because her mother is dying, so I am in charge of Cocoa. I thought I might start trying to shift some of this, while they are away.’ She did not heft a breast as Percy expected, but gently patted herself with the grace of a refined woman.
Percy’s taste in women was narrow. He only fancied attractive woman, and Verity was a beauty, but he’d always shunned excess weight. He wasn’t proud of it, nor ashamed, because he believed it was his natural preference and nothing more prejudicial. In Verity he saw things differently. From the first time he met her she’d tested his resolve on matters of girth. And now, alone with her in the Botanic Gardens café, her fabulous cleavage begging his attention, he could hardly breathe. He longed to dive in.
‘Can I get you a drink?’ he asked.
‘Thank you. Though I don’t want to impose. You looked very happy sitting here on your own. I almost daren’t intrude. Do say if you’d rather be left in peace.’
‘Not at all. Have you walked yet? Or just got here?’
‘Bloody hell, man, do I look like I’ve been walking around the gardens already? Am I dripping in sweat and bright pink?’
‘I thought you might like to join me,’ he ventured.
Verity cocked her head to one side, as if considering the prospect.
‘It’s fine if you’d rather not,’ he assured her, half-heartedly.
‘And is it fine if I’d rather?’
‘It is. So what would you like to drink?’
‘Your juice looks very tempting. I’ll have one of those, please. And perhaps a coffee, too. Espresso. You sit there, I can get it, if you look after Cocoa.’
Percy told her to stay put and went to the counter to place the order. While he was waiting, he glanced around at her. What was it she reminded him of? Some kind of painting, or style of painting; Rubens, was it? A baroque nude, perhaps, the sort lying back on reams of fabric and surrounded by grapes. Normally, not knowing the little nuggets of information a more sophisticated education might have brought, would not have mattered to him. Today he wrestled with it; he very much wanted to match her up with something spectacular. Percy had seen images of large naked women in the Louvre, when he and Sal had taken a short trip to Paris. The break was a first attempt at reviving things, though Percy hadn’t known this fact until recently, when Sal threw it in his face during a spiteful rage about something or another. He’d always thought they’d simply enjoyed a nice holiday. Apparently not. 
Eventually, after much consideration, he decided that Verity was not like the women in those paintings. They were not nearly alluring enough, not beautiful in the way that she was. When he got back to the table, she was busy emailing and Cocoa was lying mournfully by her feet, on a shorter lead than Norm would have tied.
‘Sorry, Percy. I just need to send this. I’m working from home today, supposed to be, anyway. I won’t be a moment.’
‘Take your time,’ he said.
‘Could you be a doll and get me some sugar?’
*
The walk was slower than Percy was used to, though since the day was very hot and humid, the pace suited. Ordinarily, Percy still found himself striding on while all around locals walked at a more reserved pace. Today he blended in.
‘So you walk here often, you said?’ Verity asked.
Percy nodded.
‘So does Norm. Most mornings.’
‘I know.’
A silence followed, and Percy suspected she was about to question him regarding some Norm related offence. She didn’t. Instead they walked for a while talking about nothing in particular, until they turned onto the Rain Forest boardwalk. 
‘I like this part,’ Verity said, looking around as if she had never been there before. ‘It’s quiet, isn’t it?’
‘Usually. I first met your husband here, and that dog of yours. She nearly killed me.’
‘And how did a soft-in-the-head labradoodle nearly kill a grown man?’
‘By tripping me up.’
‘She should have been on her lead.’
‘She was. It was like a bloody tripwire’
‘Oh dear. Lucky you didn’t break anything.’
They walked a little way until they reached a point where the boardwalk unloaded back onto a regular path. This side of the gardens was always quiet, Percy had discovered. It was an area with no public entrance to demand eye-catching species, and there was no formality to it. The trees appeared to grow freely amongst low undergrowth. If no one official was around, which rarely there was, it was a good place to explore nature, off the path. He set off.
‘Hey, where are you going? There might be snakes in there.’
‘Maybe. We’ll go slowly, give them time to move.’
‘And what about the dog?’ Verity remained where she was, though Cocoa was keen to follow.
‘She’ll be fine. Come on,’ Percy encouraged. ‘Where’s your sense of adventure, Vee?’
He watched as she looked up and down the path, and back to where they had come along the boardwalk. ‘So the confident Misses Sullivan is not as confident as she seems?’
‘It’s not that, it’s more I am hoping someone will save me from having to walk in there with these on.’ She put a foot forward, revealing neatly painted silver toenails and a delicate sandal covered in what looked like polished gem stones.
‘Why did you come for a walk wearing those?’ Percy scowled. ‘You were never going to get very far in a pair of sandals, Vee. Why didn’t you wear proper shoes? Why do people even bother with those things? They let grit in, for a start.’
‘They are very comfortable, actually,’ she said brusquely. ‘And in coming to the Botanic Gardens with its lovely footpaths, I hadn’t planned to go trekking off into the wilds.’
‘You’ll just have to manage,’ Percy said. 
‘Why? What are we looking for?’
‘I dunno. Stuff. Lizards, beetles, all sorts. Birds. Bees, maybe. Come on.’ He walked back to her and reached out a hand. Cocoa jumped up at it. Verity told her off.
‘What about my feet? I’ll be eaten alive.’
‘Then walk right behind me. And don’t stand still for too long.’
‘Why?’
‘Big biting ants.’
‘If I see a bloody ant I’m stamping on it.’
‘Come on,’ Percy offered his hand again, and was pleased when she took it.
18. WHEN THE BLANKET IS LONG ENOUGH
Hester shook her head but did not speak, thin lips tightly sealed. Four declared disciples of Percy as Prophet were sitting together. Two believed, one privately thought it was fun to play along, the other had secretly orchestrated the whole thing. They were sitting as they often did, in the comfortable chairs and sofas on Hester’s beautiful old veranda.
Trudy was speaking on Hester’s behalf. ‘I am sure Hester won’t mind me telling you that Girlie is leaving when her contract finishes next month. It’s not good news. Utterly ungrateful is what it is.’
‘Girlie? Your maid? Leaving?’ Norm was shocked. ‘Why?’
All had believed Girlie would be there for the duration, part of the family, or at the very least, part of the furniture. 
With the hiss of an ego still deflating, Hester whispered something. Her eyes followed the movements of her own fingers as they repeatedly folded and refolded a long crease in her skirt. 
Trudy again took it upon herself to speak on her friend’s behalf, ‘The fact is, Hester gave Girlie a large bonus.’ 
‘Enough to go home?’ Norm asked.
‘Enough to go home,’ confirmed Trudy.
‘Quite enough,’ muttered Hester, still folding.
Norm smiled. ‘That was kind.’
‘Enough to go home, and some!’ Trudy huffed. ‘And after all that Hester has done for that woman. I think it is terribly ungrateful myself. You don’t just leave someone in the lurch like that, someone you’ve known for so long. It was so ungrateful!’
‘Yes, you’ve already said.’ Norm’s smile dropped a little, as he placidly observed the incredulity of others. Hester was shaking her head, dismay obvious. ‘Hester,’ he began, reasonably, ‘it is a wonderful thing you have done. If Girlie can go back to her family with enough money to give them all a proper start in life, which I assume is what you have given her, then that can only be a good thing. You can see that, can’t you?’
Trudy repeated her own feelings on the subject.
Norm frowned, an unusual expression for him. Much of his attractiveness lay in the good nature that his face conveyed. He meant the frown. 
She reacted. ‘Why scowl at me? Hester has been like a mother to her, decent notice is what she should have given, time for her to train someone to take her place.’
‘The contract dictates the end. It’s hardly worth the fuss of signing a new one and then cancelling it, as far as I can see. And you can’t have two helpers employed at the same time, anyway. It’s against the law. I think you need a special reason to have more than one person wait on you hand and foot.’
‘Norman!’ Hester hissed.
‘It’s not you being taken advantage of, is it Norm?’ Trudy railed.
He lost patience. ‘Trudy! Why should Girlie stay here forever, away from her family when she finally has a chance to go home?’ He said it harshly, surprising his friends, who knew only of his mild manner. ‘She’s not taking advantage of Hester any more than she is entitled to, in the circumstances. Hester generously gave her the advantage. I can’t see the problem.’
‘Then maybe you should try finding a new maid sometime.’
‘And maybe you should take a trip to Manila, Trudy, and see what it’s like there for yourself?’
Hester raised her eyes from the distraction of her own fiddling fingers, and in a single glance fired Norm the geriatric equivalent of cobra venom. 
Target hit, Norm returned to his usual placatory tone. ‘Of course it is hard when anyone leaves, I mean, anyone we have history with and have relied upon. I know you were very fond of her, Hester.’
‘I still am,’ Hester whispered, dully, ‘and I can hardly stand in her way. What sort of person would that make me? But I feel very cross about it. And it is so soon. So soon.’
‘But what did you expect, giving her the bonus when her contract was due?’
‘I wasn’t thinking.’
‘Her husband looks after that side of things,’ Trudy added.
Norm smiled, ‘Even so, it’s the right thing.’
Trudy almost managed to raise an eyebrow. ‘I’ll ask around and see if anyone knows of someone looking to transfer.’
The old woman was quick to respond, ‘I don’t want a transfer maid. They are always trouble. And I don’t want someone new, either. I want someone whose employer is leaving, someone good. Someone exactly like Girlie. I want Girlie.’
At that moment, looking happier than she ever had, the subject of their conversation appeared from the house with a tray of drinks. Everyone accepted the offering with far more gratitude than was usual, in an effort to compensate for what had been an immediate and rather obvious silence.
‘I saw Percy yesterday,’ announced Meera, who had been listening without comment. The domestic troubles of a spoiled and ancient expat were not something of interest. ‘I asked him if he would attend one of our meetings.’
Three jaws dropped.
‘He said no.’
‘He’s not very happy with us,’ Norm said.
Trudy threw half a glass of white wine into her mouth, as if someone might confiscate it. ‘He and I had a nice talk at Haw Par Villa, actually. I don’t think he’s quite as cross as you believe, Norm.’
‘Joyann says he’s livid.’
‘Joyann is a trouble maker,’ Hester said.
‘Joyann?’ Again agitated, Norm could feel himself rising to challenge this statement.
Hester shot him down with another look.
*
Girlie had been listening out of sight, and when Norm quietly slipped away from the women as they continued to talk about the rights and wrongs of just about anything they could think of, he caught her. She startled, her eyes growing wide as she suddenly moved about, appearing pre-occupied with the polished wooden floor of the hallway.
Norm reassured her. ‘Don’t worry. I won’t tell. It’s not easy for you, either. And congratulations on going home.’
He went to the bathroom and when he returned found her waiting.
‘I would like to explain,’ she said.
‘No need.’ 
‘There is need.’
Norm could see the women were still talking animatedly. He ran his hand across his hair.
‘Nice, your hair. Very white.’
He smiled. ‘And it’s been that way for a very long time. Too long.’ Norm had greyed early.
Girlie looked at the women and then to him, nervously.
‘Come on,’ he said, ‘let’s go into the kitchen. Then if they catch us you can pretend to be preparing me a glass of lemonade.’
‘I have no need to pretend,’ Girlie ventured, grinning. ‘I will make you one.’
Her smile was confident. Norm had met enough maids in his time to know this sort of smile only appeared on the faces of those either free or nearly free of their labour.
‘I didn’t know she would be upset.’ Girlie said, accent gently twanging.
As she prepared the ingredients, Girlie explained that she had not meant to offend Hester, but the time was right to go home. The bonus, a bundle of paper miracles that had landed in her lap, was a Godsend. It was enough to start a small business and plant the fields, and enough to help her eldest daughter who was newly pregnant. With profound regret, Girlie had missed the formative years of her children; she would not miss those of her grandchildren.
Periodically she stopped speaking, seeming unsure if they should be talking this way, concerned, perhaps, for what Hester might say if they were discovered. Each time, Norm encouraged her to go on.
What he learned, as Girlie cut and squeezed, was that Hester paid well. For the exceptional salary, assuming she would continue to pay such a rate, a replacement would easily be found, despite the long hours and servant-like commitment required. 
In bursts, Girlie seemed to find her stride. A long monologue ensued when she declared that for some, the job would seem like a dream compared to the life they currently led. She had friends living in the disastrous trap of no privacy, little food or sleep, cross words, threats; the hidden lot of many domestic workers across the world. Money was the snare; drawing girls in with the promise of a regular income, giving them the means to pay for schooling and healthcare back home. It was impossible for most to leave that kind of security; impossible, at least, once you grew used to the separation. Girlie said that she knew it was not this way in other places, those countries Hester and Trudy came from; that he, sir Norman, came from. She wondered what poor people did there, to get by? Maybe there were no poor people. But what she did know was that for her, the time had finally arrived for the impossible to become possible, and she could hardly sleep.
She lingered after this. Drink made, Norm supposed she needed to go to another chore, but she was clearly reluctant.
‘I think you should feel very happy to be leaving, Girlie. You should be proud of the way you have run and cared for this household, and go home knowing you have earned it.’
Girlie smiled. ‘Do you know Percy Field?’
‘You’ve met him?’
‘No.’
‘Why do you ask?’ Norm was intrigued.
Girlie said that she knew of him through his helper, who often held court in Lucky Plaza, the shopping centre on Orchard Road that became a hub of Filipino activity on Sundays, the collective day off.
‘She will see an opportunity here, once I am gone. She is not a woman I would want to assist Hester in finding a new helper. Hester is very fond of Percy, and so I am worried that if she asks him…’
Norm stopped her. ‘I wouldn’t worry. I think the last thing they would discuss is helpers.’ Norm could see the relief in Girlie’s face, and having folded and tidied a few tea towels, she made to leave the room. 
‘There is one more thing,’ she said, ‘I have a niece who would like to work in Singapore.’
From what she went on to explain, Norm knew the girl’s circumstances did not fit Hester’s ideal, since she was new to domestic service. Even so, he told Girlie to make sure she put her niece’s name forward as a possible replacement. Girlie had nothing to lose and everything to gain by ensuring a smooth transition. 
‘Thank you, sir Norman,’ Girlie said. 
‘It will be fine, one way or another,’ he replied.
‘I will feel relaxed about everything only when I am on the plane.’
Norm could see that Girlie had faith in Hester, certain that her long term employer would not interfere in a way that would mean her contract would be continued against her wishes. But even so, he sympathised. She would not feel truly liberated from commitment until she handed in her paperwork at immigration, and was free to leave Singapore and servitude forever. Her heart no doubt soared at the thought of it.
Norm resolved to mention Girlie’s niece, himself. As far as he could gather, the girl was a hard worker, and with Hester, hard work and an honest nature were the only requirements. 
As he returned to the group on the veranda, a sense of injustice struck him. Many years ago, Girlie had left her young family and arrived in Singapore bewildered and homesick, and now, after so long, it was her niece’s turn to become a provider. If she were a good worker, it would be the perfect way for Girlie to thank Hester for the long and plentiful years, but what a world in which to be trapped.
‘I was just talking to Girlie,’ Norm admitted, as he retook his seat, ‘I think she may have a solution for you.’
‘We’ve moved on, Norman,’ Hester said. ‘Tell me later.’
‘We’ve been discussing Percy,’ Meera smiled, ‘and when there might be another miracle.’
Norm couldn’t think what to say, so he shrugged. He was very pleased they were talking about Percy, for it went someway to alleviate the crumb of sadness that had lodged in his heart since his friend had made himself unavailable again.
Meera continued, ‘Trudy has been talking with some people from The Discussion Group. They were keen to know more about Percy. Perhaps if they could witness a miracle they might feel persuaded to join us?’
‘I am not sure requiring proof is much of a foundation for belief, Meera.’ Norm sipped his lemonade. ‘I’m not saying that wanting to see a miracle is wrong, but we can’t have people choosing to join us based solely on whether or not they’ve seen the evidence for themselves.’
‘Why not?’ she asked.
‘Not a single religion would remain intact if that were the fundamental requirement of belief.’
‘Yes, dear, think of the word faith,’ Hester added, waggling a finger at Meera.
‘And we can hardly book a miracle,’ Trudy observed.
For a moment, the four remained in thought, and then Hester spoke.
‘We cannot pander to the whims of others. If they choose to believe in Percy as a Prophet then so be it, if not, it’s their loss. They’ll regret it, one day, I imagine. But while we cannot pander we can make him accessible, so others can make an informed choice. We should certainly have Percy move amongst the masses; if a miracle happens, then a miracle happens.’
19. FOREVER YOUNG
Percy, Phrike, Joyann and Meera were sitting in the outdoor seating area of the Tired Turtle. Light fading, the resident koel had ceased calling; the working day was done. Traffic was building up.
‘Why do you like this bar so much, Percy?’ Joyann asked. ‘I work only a few doors away, but I only come here when you ask me. I would never choose it.’
‘You’ve finished early today, Joyann?’ Meera said.
‘Yes. I shall be going back in a moment. We have a stock take tonight; everybody attends. It’s quicker, though sometimes I think less people can make it smoother.’
‘In answer to your question,’ Percy said, ‘I like this bar because it’s unpretentious, and has a nice homely feel about it.’ 
Joyann made a show of looking around. ‘Whose home, exactly?’
‘You’re missing the point,’ Phrike said, ‘and I think so is Perc. It’s relaxed, that’s all.’
They all agreed that it did have an easy atmosphere, and Percy added that he enjoyed being able to watch the traffic go by. ‘It’s an advanced form of people watching,’ he said, thinking of the closed windows containing not only the cool conditioned air, but also something of the drivers’ identity. Occasionally someone would pass by with the windows wound down, but not often.
Joyann chuckled, ‘Percy Field, what is so advanced about it?’
‘Don’t mock what you don’t understand, Joyann.’
‘Then explain,’ she said.
‘If you don’t know then I can’t teach you.’ Other than windows obscuring faces, Percy had no explanation. Earlier, he’d emailed his good friend Art, and was feeling upbeat, his mood leaning towards happiness. He’d been reminded of the things they’d enjoyed in England: beer, people watching, and being evasive when asked to clarify a statement made without foundation.
‘Cute dog,’ Meera said, as an English bull terrier walked by, wearing a candy pink dress and a glittery muzzle.
‘That’s advanced cute,’ Percy remarked.
‘Actually, I believe it is Muffin,’ Joyann said. ‘Hello,’ she called to the woman walking her. The woman smiled, but it was plain she did not recognise Joyann. The children, however, waved.
‘Don’t tell me you sold that stuff to them?’ Percy was appalled.
‘Supply and demand, Percy, supply and demand.’ Joyann smiled.
Phrike stretched his huge frame, ‘Exactly. Another drink anyone?’
‘I’ll have some water, please,’ Meera said.
‘White wine for me, a small one, or I’ll be counting the paint pots twice.’
‘Beer please,’ Percy said.
Phrike summoned the waitress, who took the order and went off. 
In the few minutes they had been talking, day had almost gone.
Unnoticed by Percy, Meera coughed a little and shifted in her seat, before saying, ‘I hear there is an interesting exhibition at the Science Centre.’
Percy wasn’t listening. He’d felt his phone vibrate in his pocket and was busy checking his emails. There was a reply from Art.

Hi Fieldy,
Not sure I correctly understood you. Recently, two girls, one old woman and a man who sounds softer than a cushion, chased you? And you’re still upset about it? Have I got that right? Only, when eight marauding teenagers came after us, because against my advice you told one of them to piss off after he tried to nick your pint, you thought it was quite amusing. As I recall, it was amusing mostly because we escaped intact. Did you not escape this time? Are you being held hostage again, and if so, why would that bother you? I refer to the Sandy Knickers incident, of course, when she locked you both inside her beach hut and hid the key where the sun don’t shine. I didn’t hear you complaining then, though I did hear a whole lot more. I’ve never been able to walk past a beach hut without feeling vaguely unwell since. Lucky for you, my garden shed doesn’t stir the same emotion. Only once did I think the memory was haunting me, but it was a hedgehog.
I’d like to know what is going on, so feel free to give me an update. When I left you, Singapore appeared the model of sanity.
In answer to your question, yes, the veg patch is great. The rotted manure I added last year has improved the soil no end. When you finally come back I’ll give you a tour.
Have one on me at the Turtle. I’m off grocery shopping. Living the dream, mate, living the dream.
Art.

Eight teenagers, Percy thought. It was three.
‘Percy?’
‘Hmm?’
‘I was just telling the others about an exhibition at the Science Centre, and wondered if you would like to go?’
Percy slipped his phone back inside his pocket. ‘Are your weird mates going?’ He hadn’t been especially pleased when Phrike turned up with Meera, but so far they’d all managed to quietly ignore what had happened on Sixth Avenue. Even so, he was not about to be lured into an ambush again.
‘I cannot determine who goes where, Percy. But I doubt they will be there, lah. And I won’t speak a word of it.’
‘What is it?’
‘It’s an exhibition of dead people,’ Meera smiled, ‘by that man. The one in the hat. He makes people plastic and then slices them up for display. Is he German?’ she asked Phrike.
‘Swiss, I think.’
‘Polish,’ Joyann corrected. ‘Raised in Germany.’
‘Like Norm,’ Meera said.
‘Is Norman Polish?’ Joyann questioned. ‘I do not think he is.’
‘No, he was raised in Germany,’ Percy said. ‘His parents were expats.’ He closed his mouth. He didn’t want to talk about Norm.
‘Anyway, this Polish German man, Geoff something, he has a show on and it sounds fascinating.’ Meera smiled, and looked beautiful.
‘Geoff!’ Percy scoffed. ‘He’s not called Geoff!’
‘No, but I cannot recall his name. It begins with G.’
‘Gunther Von Hagens.’ Joyann said. ‘I went to one of his exhibitions in New York. It was fascinating, as you say, Meera. The paper forms that were made available on exit particularly struck me. They were there should one wish to donate oneself. Had I been able to see into the future, I might have taken one, in Ethan’s name,’ her eyes twinkled. ‘I think he would look very good sliced up and made into a mobile. I could have hung him in the hallway, at Christmas.’
Percy looked at her and gave a hint of a smile. Both women looked very beautiful in the muted light, but tonight he thought Joyann looked especially so. ‘Stocktaking?’ he said, ‘you look very made up for someone stocktaking.’
‘Do I?’
‘Yes,’ Meera agreed, ‘you do.’
Joyann feigned horror, ‘So I normally look terrible?’
Meera waved a hand, ‘Of course not. But you look as if you are going out, not going to work all night.’
‘I am not sure what you are implying, Meera and Percy,’ she looked to each in turn, ‘but I assure you that I am not going out tonight, any more than I am out now, of course. And I have no one to dress up for, if this is what you mean. I think some of us,’ she turned her focus solely to Percy, ‘are happiest alone at the moment, aren’t we?’
Percy nodded. He did not want to think about what had happened with Verity in the Botanic Gardens, but he couldn’t escape it. First, there was the mention of Norm, and now of relationships. There was no relationship to worry about, of course; what had happened had been brief. Percy suspected himself of feeling guilty, and tried to push it away. Considering the circumstances of Norm and Verity’s marriage, why feel anything at all?
Meera returned the conversation back to the exhibition. ‘So you’ll come, Percy, if I organise something? Maybe it could be an outing for The Discussion Group? Something to look at and then talk about afterwards?’
‘I don’t go anymore.’
‘You would if Joyann organised it, if it was like the meetings we used to have.’
‘Yes,’ Joyann said. ‘I think it would be worth doing, Percy, and if we can make it a weekday then Vlad the Impala will not be able to come. And if we could avoid inviting Hester and Norm…’ her voice trailed away, gaze falling upon Meera.
‘I will not speak of it,’ Meera assured.
Phrike, who as usual had spent his time so far with little to say, spoke. ‘Why care if they go? You can’t exclude people because they make you uncomfortable. I’m not saying you should invite them, but really, Perc, do you need these guys to make sure those other guys don’t go? That’s schoolyard stuff, mate.’ He rested his arms on the table, his great body khaki-clad as always. ‘I reckon the exhibition sounds great. Stop worrying about the small stuff.’
‘Small stuff?’ Joyann questioned. ‘Is it small stuff to be pursued through the streets, cornered against your will and harassed by four delusional people?’
Percy noticed her line of sight was yo-yoing between Phrike and Meera. She was a tough woman, he recognised, stating the facts so plainly to the face of one of the guilty four.
Meera continued to say nothing about the event. It was as if Joyann was not addressing her at all. She picked up her phone, and began fiddling.
Phrike shrugged, ‘Hey, I am not trying to upset anyone. We all prefer an uncomplicated life, I get that. But why change what you do, or who you are, because of someone else? In the end it makes life harder, not easier.’
Percy agreed. Since when did he care about other people and what they thought or did? Instantly, he resolved to revisit the person he more normally was, yet had somehow drifted away from: critical and cynical, but also simply not bothered by the opinions and actions of others. Sal didn’t count, of course. He felt himself relax, indulgently re-embracing this more familiar self. Away went the underlying tension he’d felt about running into them again, and away went the guilt regarding Verity. 
‘Cheers,’ he said to Phrike. ‘You’re right.’
The waitress brought the order, and Percy took his bottle and drank it down in one, immediately ordering another. Between them both, Art and Phrike had somehow managed to make him feel more like himself than he had in a while.
20. UNTIL DEATH
They were just passing two preserved ovum, when Percy muttered to himself, crossly.
‘And what is the matter now?’ Joyann asked.
‘Nothing.’
Clearly there was something bothering him, but Joyann knew better than to pursue it. Besides, she was already enjoying herself and did not want the visit spoiled. She wandered away on her own, far enough not to hear anymore grumbling, and began inspecting a network of nerves, still forming the human shape. The room was dim, with each glass case carefully lit to highlight the fascinating dissection within.
Before Meera had suggested coming, Joyann knew the exhibition was on. Even though she had enjoyed her New York experience, viewing it as the best exhibition she’d ever been to, it had not occurred to her to come again. The exhibits were different, so the experience itself was likely to offer some new insights into the biology of the human body, but she hadn’t even considered coming quite simply because she’d done something similar before. But why?
Joyann had not yet fully answered this question, though she suspected it had something to do with being an orderly person, moving from one activity to the next, checking the tick box as she went. Whatever the reason, coming to Gunther’s latest show had given her new resolve. She must get out more, and instead of expecting others to invite her, she should start doing the inviting. Of course, she already arranged the occasional Discussion Group meeting, the sneaky daytime meets on the side, but that was easy because all was in place before her confidence had been shattered. No, from now on, she would make an effort. Whether this would include those people who had abandoned her in the gutter, fearful of contamination, was a matter for further consideration. She expected that it would not.
Percy caught up, and joined Joyann in looking over the miles of intricate neural pathways so beautifully presented. Next to this exhibit, another display case contained a cadaver that had been relieved of everything but the now preserved capillaries, and so Joyann moved her interest. A quick glance to sample which exhibits lay ahead, revealed studies of veins and arteries, muscles and more.
‘They’re here, you know,’ he grouched.
‘Who?’ She did not want to talk to him if he was going to be miserable. But neither had she any wish to appear rude. No doubt he, like she, had spotted Norman, Hester and Trudy.
‘Sal and Ethan.’
Instantly, a weight drew on her. So the day was spoiled anyway.
‘I saw them come in,’ he said, ‘I’m not sure where they are now.’
‘Well, I hope there are some donation forms available, on the way out.’ Joyann forced a smile.
‘I’m sorry?’
She shook her head, dismissing him. He had not remembered what she had said in the bar and she was in no mood to remind him.
‘It’s a pain in the arse, knowing they might turn up everywhere I go. I mean, Jeez, I know Singapore is small, but it’s not that small. She looks a right tart.’
‘Percy. You have every right to be angry, but Sal never looks like a tart, as you say.’ Joyann had no clue as to why she was defending the woman who had destroyed her marriage. Maybe something of the sympathy drawn at the dog boutique remained. Or perhaps the urge to defend Percy’s wife was based solely on the injustice of his statement. Either way, she hated doing it. Again she wished Percy would go away and leave her in peace. Had he kept his own counsel – as she had kept hers regarding Hester et al – she would be contentedly perusing human remains, none the wiser.
‘Well, she never used to walk around with her tits hanging out, Joyann. In fact, let’s hope Geoff Von Hagan is here. He might make her an offer for them, right now. They’re prepped and ready to go.’
Exasperation grew. So he had remembered Meera using the name Geoff, but not her quip about forms. ‘Hester is here,’ she said.
‘What?’
‘And Trudy and Norman.’
‘Fuck. Really?’
Joyann walked off, determined to be alone. Percy did not follow. Instead he was craning to see who might be standing where.
Soon, Joyann found herself browsing various joints that had become deformed through disease. It was impossible to contemplate it all properly, since she found her attention wandering off in search of Ethan. Thank goodness she had not brought Lucas. He was not at school. She had expected to bring him along, until he refused because of a long planned gaming session with a friend. All the progress made in accepting the break up might have been undone. Joyann was unconvinced by Sal’s implication that she and Ethan were both spending quality time with Lucas. Joyann had managed to ascertain that he’d only spoken with Sal three times. Naturally, this did not mean Sal wasn’t out and about with father and son, as she claimed, only that Lucas did not accept her.
‘Hello.’
Suppressing a sigh, Joyann turned. ‘Norman. How are you? Enjoying the exhibition?’
‘I am. Very much.’ He grinned, white teeth bright in the subdued lighting. ‘Are you?’
She smiled, weakly. ‘Yes, I am. Thank you. I have seen this man’s work before, many years ago, and it remains incredibly interesting to me. Did you see the ovum, at the entrance? And the newly fertilised egg? Incredible. So small, yet so intriguing. He is very clever. Very skilled.’
‘Yes I did. Amazing stuff.’
Norm proceeded to talk excitedly about everything he had seen so far, and Joyann felt her own enthusiasm for the day revitalise as they began reviewing the exhibits together. She was very happy to discuss what they were looking at, having found Percy’s distraction into other matters not only upsetting, but deeply irritating.
They were studying a burst stomach ulcer, when Percy caught up with them.
‘I’ve probably got one of those,’ he said, over Joyann’s shoulder. 
‘Probably,’ she murmured.
‘Hello Percy,’ said Norm.
Percy nodded his hello, silently.
‘Have you seen the slices of the brain with a tumour?’ Norm asked. ‘Or the one with dementia? So very sad.’
‘More sad than this?’ Percy questioned, pointing to the ulcer that according to the caption had been the cause of death.
‘I don’t know why, but yes, yes it is.’
‘Why? They all died.’
Norm pondered briefly. ‘I guess it’s not about the end result, Percy, more about getting there.’ 
‘Agonising pain versus…’
Joyann cut in. ‘Shall we discuss morals, ethics and the perception of pain over a cup of coffee, afterwards? For now, we should look and absorb.’
‘I am looking and absorbing,’ Percy defended, ‘and so is Norm. We’re just knocking an idea around, aren’t we?’
Only marginally less shocked by Percy’s defence of Norman than her own of Sal, Joyann said, ‘Maybe. You will not mind if I go off on my own for a while? This is a little slice of something extraordinary and I wish to enjoy it quietly.’
‘It’s quite a lot of slices of the extraordinary,’ Percy quipped, laughing softly. 
Joyann said she had come to be amazed, not amused, and left the two men to their banter. She allowed herself one backward glance. Why was Percy being so affable, suddenly? And with Norman? The two men looked to be good friends, each in their white shirts, Percy’s tee and Norman’s linen, long trousers the same shade of brown.
Then she saw why. It was a show of indifference; he’d have made the best of it whomever he was standing next to. Sal was nearby, and she was watching him. He wanted to appear happy.
Catching a glimpse of her errant husband as he hurried away, Joyann realised that Ethan must have seen her. Why were he and Sal not at work, she wondered? Why had they yet again turned up somewhere together, somewhere she was happily immersed in her own activities? He would have scuttled off even faster on Pulau Ubin, she mused, had he guessed his wife was watching him kissing another woman. That discussion had been had, and some. The memory of the scene no longer bothered her.
The day was tainted, but not ruined, she determined. She would not permit either Percy’s manner or Ethan’s presence to spoil something good. Never again, she thought, frowning, would she allow any man to influence the way she felt, as these two men did.
*
Sitting in the small café, Joyann was aware of a commotion. She had been enjoying a cup of coffee with a few others from the group, when she’d asked Percy if he had considered returning to England. Nothing was meant by it, the comment intended only to draw his focus to a possible solution. Percy’s latest moan-of-the-day was that he had nothing to occupy his time in Singapore. He’d scowled, and marched off, but she wasn’t sure if it was the comment that had driven him away. Often, he did not seem to hear what was said to him.
She noticed the form of Sal race by a doorway, flustered. Joyann sipped her coffee and returned her attention to a woman she’d been talking with before Percy had begun moaning. She was also Chinese-Singaporean, and they’d found a number of things in common.
Norm took Percy’s vacant seat. ‘There’s a bit of nonsense going on,’ he said, not seeming to notice or care that he had interrupted a conversation. ‘Ethan got Percy into a headlock, and then Percy broke loose and punched him in the face.’
It was as if Norman had forgotten that Ethan was her husband, Joyann considered. Urge to view the aftermath denied, she nodded a little by way of showing she’d understood what was said, before once more picking up the threads of her own discussion. The question she and the other woman were trying to answer was whether or not it was ethical to discard a body that had been donated to the organisation, without using any of its parts. It had occurred to them both that some bodies might have no worth. Presumably, each corpse could realistically be harvested for only one or two physical elements. What if those elements were not needed because Gunther already had enough, and the rest of the body was too fat or thin, old or whatever, to use for anything else? Ideas seemed to go round and round in circles, any form of conclusion proving elusive.
Shortly, a red-faced Percy returned to the group. Behind him, Joyann noticed some members of staff watching, though none appeared keen to eject him. Ethan and Sal walked by, hand in hand. 
Unprepared for such a sight, Joyann felt sad.
‘You okay?’ Norm asked Percy, who’d pulled up another chair.
‘Yeah. Why?’
‘You’ve been fighting.’
‘Not really. A disagreement, that’s all.’
‘You punched him.’
‘Lightly.’
Joyann was now entirely distracted from the ethical issue of wasting body parts. She’d spotted a twinkle in Norman’s eye, and some polished pride apparent in Percy’s, and it made her cross. She was crosser still with herself. She wanted to ask him what had happened, hoping that Ethan had a bloody nose and that his shirt was stained red. He was wearing his favourite. Attention caught between surplus dead flesh and the problems of the living, she then spotted Trudy and Hester. 
Meera, who was also nearby, seemed to be looking in Joyann’s direction, but as she suddenly rushed across it became apparent it was not Joyann she wanted, but Percy. Apparently, there was another disturbance, this time involving a woman Meera determined to be Australian.
Joyann commented to her fellow Singaporean that it only ever took a couple of expats to shatter the peace.
Percy immediately followed Meera, an act in itself that surprised Joyann, since no persuasion had been required. She could not see what happened next, only that there was a great cry of excitement, almost exultation, before an even more red-faced Percy returned to his seat.
Trudy was in hot pursuit. ‘Percy! Come back. She wants to thank you. Please.’
Percy’s face was tight, and he said nothing.
Meera appeared behind Trudy. ‘So sorry, Percy.’
Again, he said nothing.
Meera looked to Joyann and began to explain. ‘There was a woman whose arm was dislocated at the shoulder. She’d fallen. Percy touched it and it just slipped back into position. No pulling, lah, just touching.’ Meera placed a hand on Percy’s shoulder, a hand, Joyann noticed, that he did not immediately shrug off. It was as if he were plasticised himself. ‘Amazing, huh?’ Meera said.
Joyann sighed. ‘Percy, what is going on?’
Finally, the hand was pushed away. ‘You told them, then?’ he said, turning to look at Meera. ‘Told them I was coming here?’
‘I swear I did not breathe a word of it.’
‘What about messaging?’
She hesitated. 
‘Exactly,’ Percy said. ‘Cheers for that, Meera.’
‘But Percy, look what you did. Think about that. You have helped someone. Again.’ Her face bore a look of appeal. ‘And didn’t Phrike tell you to stop worrying about what other people say and do? Yeah?’
Trudy slipped her hand onto Percy’s shoulder, exactly where Meera’s had been. Joyann watched, noticing she appeared to be getting pleasure from this contact.
‘Get off, Trudy! Get back in there, where you belong, amongst the bloody plastic!’
Though his tone was vicious, Trudy seemed unmoved. Joyann took it upon herself to reprimand him. ‘That was uncalled for.’
‘These days,’ he replied, ‘nothing is uncalled for.’
A new voice came, echoing ethereally in the small marble atrium of the cafe. ‘You have been called for,’ it said.
A whimper of resignation slipped from Joyann as she watched Percy close his eyes, trying to shut out the world. She did not know the woman who said it, or even if she was the owner of the mended shoulder. What she did understand, however, was that the idea of Percy as Prophet was gaining impetus. Over a relatively short period of time, one man’s crush had infected others. The issue of adoration was no longer simply a matter of Norman’s blind passion. Nor was it a question of whether or not two or three bored women were playing some ridiculous prank, as, from time to time, Joyann privately suspected they were.
Though aware that adoration of Percy had been slowly escalating, Joyann felt today she had witnessed the genuine birth of this new thing, whatever it was; and this new thing was something troubling. She thought back to the preserved egg. Norman Sullivan was that egg. The women had fertilised him. Whatever was happening now, whatever this new group was, it was their offspring. So what did that make Percy? Joyann frowned. Now she was going mad too.
One thing was certain, unless Percy Field stood up and rebuffed them all, the problem of a failed marriage and the unwanted love of a good man would be like drinking beer in The Tired Turtle by comparison.
‘Percy,’ Joyann urged. His eyes opened, but she couldn’t read what was there. ‘Do something and do it now.’
He paused, and then stood up, sharply sending his chair clattering backwards, before running. In seconds, he was gone.
Those left in his wake stared after him, dumbstruck. At the table, Norm’s mouth gaped. Coming from around the corner, out of sight, a calling voice could be heard asking Percy what he was doing. 
‘I believe he has to leave because there is another miracle to perform,’ came the faint reply. Joyann recognised this voice as belonging to Hester.
Joyann finished her coffee and apologised to her new friend for having to leave. She simply could take no more. Her day had been an odd one, but not nearly as odd as Percy’s. If only he had stood up and said something useful. Now it was a case of how widely word would spread, and how fast that word would gather momentum.
21. AND THEN THERE WERE MANY
Hester’s veranda was more full than it had been in a long time. The new maid, Girlie’s niece, Davina, was trying hard to satisfy the many requests, her expression anxious.
Though comfortable in his seat, and hoping not to lose it, Norm got up to help. Hester reached out a hand to stop him.
‘Even Girlie would have struggled to cope with this many,’ he said, ignoring her.
A month had passed since the Science Centre miracle. The woman whose shoulder was repaired had not been seen or heard from since. Initially, Norm thought this odd, because quite plainly she was in awe of Percy. When he’d raised it with Hester, she’d said the woman had told her she was visiting, a tourist flying home the following day. This, Hester had declared, was one reason why the woman was so grateful.
In spite of this information, Norm found himself scanning faces in search of the woman. He wanted to talk. He wanted her to expand her statement you have been called for. There had been such wide acceptance of what she’d said that Percy had gained more followers that day than Norm had been able to persuade since. What did he need to say to make people believe, was his real question? He’d moaned about it to Trudy, who’d told him that evangelical camp men didn’t have much of an audience; certain ears might be closed to him. He wasn’t trying to convert as much as convince, he’d replied, ignoring both the word camp and the use of the word evangelical. Trudy said she couldn’t see the difference. When he’d thought about it, neither could he. Still, he wanted to talk with the woman.
After following Davina to the kitchen, Norm smiled at her. ‘Let me help.’
‘No thank you, sir Norm, I can do it.’
‘I know. But I am bored. I want to help.’
Davina hesitated, eyeing him warily; a natural suspicion, Norm felt. He doubted she received many offers of help, and perhaps was worried that he wanted something more than to be of assistance. ‘If you could take that tray, please, sir Norm.’ 
He picked it up, and set off. Circulating with a bright smile, Norm offered chilled white wine and tiny bowls of dried anchovies mixed with raw peanuts. When the tray was empty, he gathered dirty glasses and returned to the kitchen, where he started washing up.
Hester was possibly becoming too old to be a very active host, he realised, but he wondered if she had ever been involved in the grafting side of it. She was the sort who preferred to sit amongst her guests, leisurely enjoying her own hospitality. She did it so naturally that he assumed she must have always lived a life of privilege, cruising in a world where memories of her own labours – had these reminiscences every existed in any empathetic form – were faded to nothing.
She could be a fierce old thing, though, he thought, smiling to himself. She didn’t pull any punches. Before he’d got up to help Davina, she’d crushed a new believer who dared to look for answers regarding how Percy performed his miracles. As far as Norm could tell, the young woman wasn’t expressing doubt, more finding a means of making conversation.
‘I see you lot are everywhere.’
Norm turned. Hester’s husband was in the doorway. ‘Sorry,’ Norm said, ‘I’m just helping out.’ Observing displeasure in the old man’s face, Norm stopped what he was doing. 
As he left the sink, Norm apologised once more. By way of reply, a filthy look was cast his way. Norm passed uncomfortably close to a man he already knew was hostile towards the group. Hester was free to do as she pleased, but her husband did not have to like it.
Emerging from the cool of the house into the heavy air, Norm could see she was in her element, holding court as she often did. No doubt her husband saw this too, though what this might mean to him, Norm couldn’t imagine.
Also seeing his comfy seat had been filled, he wandered over to Trudy, who was leaning against a balustrade, looking out across the garden. She was talking with an eager faced young woman. Norm had noticed that many of the people there were young women.
‘This is Norman,’ Trudy said.
The young woman smiled and introduced herself, before declaring how thrilled she was to be part of something so new and exciting. Her words tumbled, and Norm found himself grinning. It was exciting; in fact, it was the most exciting thing he had ever been involved in. 
Years of denying himself the sexuality he was entitled to had left Norm skilled at boxing up his emotions and fantasies. The box was so real to him, and so useful, that he could almost see it in his mind’s eye, a plain, seemingly innocuous brown cube. Meeting Percy Field had ripped the box apart, and the self-reproach conjured up proved difficult to manage; time spent carefully honing his put-it-in-a-box ability was time not used for learning how to cope with guilt. It had shaken his faith in all things. Once the box was burst, there was no means of denying his attraction to Percy, and diminishing devotion to the Mormon faith hadn’t helped as it might. This shift away from constraint had offered no significant release. Ingrained was ingrained, and it was still easier to deny than to face that which others may not accept. But since Hester, Trudy and Meera had also become drawn to Percy, so Norm’s guilt had lessened. He rediscovered and refined his packaging skills to reassemble the remnants of his box. He had a wife. He had a perfectly balanced life. He still had no tools to help come to terms with one part of himself he found challenging. These were facts, Norm felt. This new faith offered a bridge. His adoration was legitimate.
Having exhausted Norm and Trudy with her account of her past and the relief she felt in finding Percy Field, the young woman excused herself and went off to talk with Hester and the gaggle of bright eyed recruits sitting at her feet.
‘What shall we call ourselves?’ Norm asked Trudy. 
‘Who?’
Norm gestured to all those gathered. ‘Us.’
‘I’ve been thinking about that. Matahari,’ she replied. ‘It means eye of the day, in Malay.’
‘What’s the significance?’
‘The sun, the East.’
‘But Percy is English.’
‘This is Singapore, once natively Malay.’ Her gaze settled on a young Chinese man. ‘I thought it was relevant.’
‘I’m not sure. In my church, the name fits the faith. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It says what it is.’
‘And Matahari doesn’t?’
 ‘I…’ he paused.
‘What?’
‘Honestly?’
‘Yes.’
‘I love Percy, but I cannot say he is the sun. The sun is a wonderful thing to bathe in, to warm you, to make you forget. For me, Percy isn’t like that. He challenges me. He makes me think. He makes me want to be with him.’ Norm’s eyes lifted to the sky. A pale grey orb glowed eerily through the cloud. ‘No, he’s not the sun.’
Trudy stood quietly for a moment, and Norm was pleased to see she was thinking. He liked Trudy very much, but she could sometimes appear shallow and dismissive. He felt he knew what she really was. She was a lonely person in need of a guiding hand, and had found it. The much older woman, the person Trudy might have aspired to be, had been replaced by a man.
She sipped her wine, attention roaming across the vast lawns. ‘You’re right,’ she said, turning to Norm, ‘he is not the sun. Though I could argue that the sun is traditionally used as a means of navigation. But he’s not traditional, he seems to want us to find our own way, if you know what I mean?’
‘I do. Perhaps this is a corny metaphor, but it’s like walking along a track, and every time you stop and turn to look behind, a hand pushes into your back, shoving you forwards. And when you look forward, you’re no longer walking a single track but faced with a fork.’
‘Hmm. I suppose.’ Trudy’s eyebrows twitched.
‘You don’t agree?’
‘It’s not that I don’t agree, more that… something else…I don’t know…’
Norm was struck by an idea. ‘I think I do. It’s as if not only is he pushing us away when we ask for direction, but he also walks ahead of us at the same time.’
‘He chooses the fork?’
‘No. He’s behind us when there is a fork, ahead of us when there is a path.’
‘So why would we turn around.’
‘To see what we’ve left behind.’
Trudy straightened. ‘Just hang on one moment, and let me get my head around what you’re saying. You’re saying that when Percy is walking in front he is actually walking behind? No. The other way around?’
Norm talked over her. ‘I’m saying we have a Prophet who will not preach, because he believes we should find our own way.’
‘So what’s the point of him?’ 
Norm thought he could see tears of disappointment welling. Not only had she drunk too much wine, clearly Trudy had never engaged in any form of theological discussion that actually mattered to her, not if she felt upset simply because an idea wasn’t straightforward. 
As an adult, Norm had always enjoyed discussing the finer points of his faith with his peers. As a child he had not been actively encouraged in this. The occasion he had questioned his mother about the golden plates Joseph Smith claimed to have found, and then translated into English, had left Norm with a thick ear by the end of it, but also an apology. It’s good to talk, his mother had admitted, adding that he should think a little harder about the way in which he spoke to his elders. She’d delivered a second thick ear, he recalled, when she found out he’d been watching The Greatest Story Ever Told again. It wasn’t so much Norm’s passion for John the Baptist that was an issue, she didn’t know about it anymore than he understood it; it was more that he’d claimed he was going fishing. 
Norm pushed hair from Trudy’s face, a few skinny strands caught across the false black lashes of one eye, waggling up and down as she blinked. How it didn’t drive her mad was a mystery.
‘Listen,’ he said, kindly, ‘these things cannot be straightforward. If they were – if life were – there would be no need of a Prophet. And you don’t need to be anything other than human to accept God’s love into your heart. I had thought people needed to be part of the LDS church. They don’t.’
Trudy sniffed, and smiled a little. ‘I don’t want it not to be true. Him, I mean.’
He laughed, kindly. ‘It is true. He is true. But halos aren’t, Trudy. You can’t spot one of God’s messengers just like that.’ He took Trudy’s wine, and sipped it himself, smiling inwardly at the shocked look on her face. ‘Religious belief requires a leap of faith, because it is faith. You and I, all of us here, have found ourselves one step ahead of that. Already we have seen what he can do, and of course we know how he makes us feel. We don’t really need to work out what he wants or how he wants us to follow him. We don’t need to define anything. I should never have begun on that terrible metaphor.’
‘So what do we do?’
‘We learn.’
‘How?’
‘Through patience. And following his lead.’
‘Following?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then that should be our name, Norm. Following.’
 ‘Following!’ came a great cry.
Norm looked about himself and realised that while he had been focussed on Trudy, a crowd had gathered. It seemed the first sermon had been given.
22. SAVE ME
Percy was in the pool and out again before he knew what had happened. 
Somewhere there was a screaming cry, the sound of a terrified mother rushing towards him. He didn’t wait. Placing the child on the ground and unable to detect life, Percy pressed his mouth to tiny cold lips, and began to breathe. Very quickly, the girl spluttered. Before Percy was able to think what to do next, he and the child were surrounded. The voice explaining was rushed. He realised the voice was his own. He calmed himself.
‘She was near the bottom,’ he said.
The little girl started throwing up pool water. Someone muscled in and rolled her onto her side, while the mother strained to be face-to-face, nose-to-nose; caring hands cupping fat little cheeks. Percy moved.
Sitting in a nearby seat, he stared. What the hell had just happened? He was walking past the pool area, making for the back exit from the condo, on his way to The Tired Turtle for an early teatime drink with Phrike, when he had gone to retrieve the novel he wasn’t enjoying. He’d have happily left it there, abandoned on a poolside table, except the bookmark had sentimental value. A few short steps from the main path, and his eye had been drawn to a distortion in the pool, a dark shape floating someway beneath the surface. He’d jumped in. 
Percy checked his pocket. He’d need a new phone.
He watched while the child’s wet dress was peeled off and she was wrapped in a dry towel and carried away. The mother kept looking back to him, her gratitude painful to see. 
After walking a little way with the small group, a figure returned to talk to him.
‘Thank God you saw her.’ 
It was Amanda, beautiful friend to the equally beautiful unnamed Kiwi. Amanda’s own child was hanging on the frayed leg of her denim shorts, clutching close in, understanding something terrible had happened; almost happened.
‘Yeah.’ It was all Percy could think to say.
For the first time since he’d been in Singapore, he felt chilly. There had been a run of cloudy days with heavy rain at night, so the pool had lost all its comfortable heat and felt cold. This was the reason it had been empty, empty of all but one, a little person who perhaps slipped or jumped or leaned too far. The warmth of humid air passed him by. He excused himself, and set off home to change his clothes. 
‘Is this yours?’ Amanda called after him.
Percy turned to see the novel, held high, and automatically went back and took it from her. She said something, but the words passed through his head unheard. He could think only of the girl.
On the walk back home, dripping his way along the path, Percy felt himself lurching towards something emotional. The feeling didn’t exactly prompt tears, but it wasn’t far off. The day fitted horribly; its low suffocating greyness, the unremitting silence of late afternoon on such a thickly overcast day; footpaths offering only the occasional rogue child, silently scooting. No birds singing, no huge blue-black carpenters bees busy with purple flowers, no lizards shifting amongst the trees. He had acted in isolation and the moment had passed; yet the sense of being alone remained.
Ordinarily, a quiet grey day with breathable air, no hot sun burning a hole into his scalp, and no shrill voices making his eardrums shed tears of blood, would have pleased him. Today, the murkiness stood at his elbow, a strange and unwelcome companion. He hated the feeling and longed for the familiar sensation of boredom. Turn back the clock, and he would go to the pool five minutes earlier and send the child away with a flea in her ear.
He looked for the boy, who wasn’t to be seen. What if it had been the boy? And what if he, Percy Field, had not left behind the dreaded novel? What if he was the sort of person to fold a corner to mark the page, so had no bookmark to retrieve? What if he had never had the book to start with? What if the book was never written, would he have left another? That would be a different story, all round. 
There were too many what ifs for a man like Percy. Threatening emotion took him, and a tear rolled. He tried to wipe it away but succeeded only in making his face wetter. He was confused. Why was he feeling anything other than satisfaction? He’d been of assistance, nothing more, though it was a significant incident, certainly. But worthy of tears? The child was not dead; he had not hauled a corpse. He had not been primary witness to the momentous destruction of one family’s world.
He passed by a doorstep with a skipping rope coiled upon it, the painted red wooden handles scuffed. Another tear rolled. He sniffed, and told himself to get over it, but the tears kept coming.
Soon he was home, and from the steps of his own house, Percy could hear a radio playing. The Kraken, it seemed, was ironing in the basement. He went inside and found a plump girl crammed into tight jeans busily scrubbing the marble floor of the sitting room. She glanced at him shyly. Percy scowled, before a jarring breath recalled the tearful moment just passed, the staccato nature of such a sigh not as unfamiliar to him as it was the morning before Sal left.
Now, he was no longer miserable but annoyed. Someone really should tell his big-faced helper to stop being a lazy cow; there was no way what she was doing was legal, he was sure. Percy was convinced as always that The Kraken used other people’s maids to do her work, under-paid helpers desperate to earn a little extra on the side. The last thing Percy needed was the authorities breathing down his neck, he thought. It was bad enough with Sal nagging him about moving, Hester patronising him about his calling, and Trudy trying to stuff her vagina in his face every five minutes.
Percy resolved to think about speaking to The Kraken, picking up the wastepaper basket as he passed by, and placing it back where it belonged. Only on a day he had saved another’s life would he have the courage to make such a bold move while The Kraken lurked in the basement. Soon changed into dry clothes, he made to leave the house once more, observing that the bin was already repositioned. 
‘What the fuck is it with that bin?’ he muttered. 
Silently, a big-faced form rose from the stairwell.
He’d move it back later, he decided; he was meeting Phrike and was already quite late. Clearly, there was no time to move it now. As he left, he felt a dark stare boring into his back. There was food cooking, he then realised, noticing the smell for the first time. He recognised The Kraken’s favourite capsicum, chicken and tomato spludge that he’d once mistakenly admired. His approval had been rewarded two fold, firstly with the suggestion that he was privileged, since the food was usually cooked only for celebrations, and secondly by the repeated serving of it. He’d now been given it so many times that even the smell of it killed his appetite instantly. He loathed the dish. It made him angry, he hated it so much. And he suspected that it wasn’t the special meal that she’d claimed. He’d tried to find the name of it on the Internet, for an email to Art, but could find nothing. Hopefully The Kraken would have her great plastic food container at the ready to rob him of most of it. Percy resolved to eat out, just in case.
He had used the time in the house to email Phrike a message, but unsure how often he checked his emails, Percy decided to take the main road to the bar in hope of flagging down a taxi. He couldn’t remember the rules regarding kerbside pickups. Was it banned only in the Central Business District, or everywhere? He’d try anyway. It wasn’t that much further than the back route, if things didn’t work out.
As he walked, he had to keep looking back to check for cabs. Usually there were hundreds of them piling by, each with an illuminated green roof-light, but today he counted only six, and all lights were red. There came a point when he gave up looking and settled on the hope that Phrike would still be waiting once he got to the bar. Whatever happened, a pint of Guinness and a plate of burger and chips had his name on it, he decided.
Percy was within a few minutes of arriving when a car drew up beside him, passenger window already down. He stopped and looked in, cautiously. 
‘Can I offer you a lift?’
Percy did not recognise the youthful looking driver. He was smartly dressed and seemed Singaporean, though his accent was edged with American. ‘No thanks.’
‘Okay.’ The driver pulled away without asking twice.
Percy looked after the car with a mystified gaze. Who was this person? And whatever happened to normal days? He decided the last normal day he’d had was probably his final night out drinking with Art in England, before he and Sal had left for Singapore. That night he’d got very drunk in his favourite, now defunct, pub, with his favourite, definitely not defunct, friend. It seemed an age ago, another era when life was good. Of course he and Sal were blindly plummeting towards disaster, him blinder than her, but looking back that time felt pleasantly regular. There had been a satisfying monotony to it all, a dullness otherwise known as reliability. What was reliable now? The only thing Percy felt he could count on was that something always happened to upset him. In Singapore, he’d discovered the unlikely combination of being bored in a place he enjoyed, where he often experienced the extraordinarily unwelcome. 
As he pondered the unpredictably of all this, Percy realised the same car had come back and was parked a little way ahead, again waiting with the passenger window unwound. He drifted away from the kerb a little, to be sure that he would pass by at a safe distance without obviously swerving. He didn’t want to appear an idiot.
‘Percy?’
Percy stopped, but kept his distance. Was this something to do with Norm’s crazy gang? Or maybe The Discussion Group? Had the group strayed into unsanctioned territory? Had Vlad the Impala started talking about politics, or religion? Had she discarded the set of rules Percy himself had drawn up to keep them within the law?
‘I don’t go to the group anymore’
The driver said nothing, but looked at Percy quizzically.
‘The Discussion Group,’ Percy clarified.
‘Oh. But you are Percy Field?’
Percy weighed it up. If this was something serious, then the question was rhetorical. There would be no point denying his identity. ‘I am. Yes.’ He was thankful the man was alone and showing no desire to get out.
‘I thought so!’
‘How can I help?’ 
‘I’m Amanda’s husband.’
‘Amanda?’
‘At the condo.’
‘Oh?’
‘She was worried about you, and sent me after you when she saw you heading out. My wife felt you looked a little upset after what happened at the pool. I should have said something when I first stopped, but I was not sure it was you. And anyway, I thought you seemed okay. I phoned her and she made me come back. You know how they can be. You are okay, yeah?’
‘I’m late for a drink, that’s all.’
‘I can still give you that lift?’
‘I’m nearly there now. But thanks.’
‘Okay, if you’re sure. And she asked me to tell you that we’re having a get together on Saturday. A small party. She’d like you to come. It’s a farewell… her friend is heading off…’
‘The Kiwi?’
‘If you mean the Kiwi, then yes.’ The driver’s eyes smiled. ‘Beautiful, right?’
Things were looking up. ‘Sure. I’d like to come. Thanks.’
‘May I SMS you the details?’
‘No phone. It got wet.’
The driver frowned, ‘Of course. Poor you. Make sure you take a packed lunch when you go to get the replacement. The queues are terrible. Okay. She’s knows which house is yours, we’ll drop you a card.’
‘Thanks.’
‘You’re sure you’re okay? I don’t want to get into trouble for not bringing you home.’
‘I’m fine. Thanks.’
‘You made a difference today, Percy. You saved a life.’
Percy nodded and started walking again, after reminding Amanda’s husband that he was already late. Her husband seemed satisfied that he had completed his assignment, and drove off with a wave.
As Percy walked the final part of his short journey, he looked ahead and saw Phrike sitting waiting for him. He was looking at his phone. An unexpected realisation crept over Percy. Certainly strange things happened to him out here in Singapore, but the overriding theme seemed to be one of friendship. 
He shuddered. Thoughts like that were surely induced by shock.
23. THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS
Percy did not know how long he had been running. The whole event resembled the first great chase by the original four believers in The Sixth Avenue Attack, which ended in the still puzzling straightening of a stranger’s back. Except this was worse. Far worse. 
He calculated that at least fifteen people, mostly young women, had been tailing him since he left home intending to spend some quality time in the Botanic Gardens, walking and thinking. The crowd had piled onto the bus with him, each swiping a travel card in orderly fashion. Disembarking at the Gardens, all cards re-swiped, they had trickled off the bus one by one, following Percy as he walked. At first they created a line, but eventually they had formed a cluster close behind. He’d stopped a few times and turned to glare. Not shying from attention, some of the girls smiled happily and waved back with their waggles of infatuation; he might have been a pop star. Irritated, Percy had hastened away, his fast walk developing into a jog. The gaggle kept pace, touching anything he touched, reviewing anything he cast an eye upon. 
As he was fleeing, Percy wondered yet again if he was asleep; fallen into a strange dream so real it was terrifying. And again the idea seemed to reject itself, subconscious-self acknowledging that in the waking moments of life, though there are not so many more than those blindly slumbered away, reality is crisper.
Leaving the park via a set of ornate metal gates, he scurried on, soon hurrying along the crowded and seemingly infinite Orchard Road. Having spent so much of his endless free time wandering the huge shopping district, Percy had a good feel for direction. He crossed here, went under the road there, until he had covered enough ground at such speed he was sure he had shaken them off. He stopped, hot and breathless, gazing longingly at a bar, thinking a cold beer was the only way forward for a man in his situation. Looking behind, however, he saw them, unrelenting in sweaty pursuit. Percy took a deep breath and moved on. It was no easy task navigating pavements where no one was prepared to give ground and stand aside. 
Passing the Istana, Percy skirted military security guards as a line of adoring fans streamed after him. The guards could only look on, arms at the ready in case any of the crowd might divert attention their way, seeking out the President. But there was no interest in Singaporean hierarchy today. Eventually, soaked in perspiration and feeling as if he were going to vomit, Percy turned into the cool of Plaza Singapura, a large shopping mall. He zigzagged on, shouldering his way through, knowing not a single door would be held open nor the opportunity to go ahead offered. East always met West with a bump when it came to shopping, he’d noticed.
He raced for the lift. The doors slid shut with him safely inside, just as his pursuers were nearly upon him. When the doors reopened, Percy heaved a sigh of relief. He would not put it beyond the group to be standing there waiting for him. Peering over the balustrade, warily examining the busy mall, Percy’s attention was drawn to a tight group moving swiftly two floors below. Collectively sensing his gaze, they looked up. And so the chase continued.
A small part of Percy wondered if he should give up, if he should stop and speak to his followers and find out exactly what it was they expected from him. To be fair, none had approached him, choosing only to walk, jog or run quietly behind. But the greater part of Percy’s nature felt too cross to bother, too annoyed to allow them a moment more of his precious time; he wanted to be in the Botanic Gardens, relaxing. He recalled too easily the result of stopping the first time he’d been chased and what madness that had brought about. 
As the group moved ever closer, carried steadily upwards by a nearby escalator, Percy noticed he was directly outside a cinema complex. Swiftly buying a ticket, he gave the attendant ten dollars extra not to reveal to anyone which hall he was in. To his amazement, none of the group followed as he walked away. Instead, as the escalator delivered them in pairs onto the landing, they simply joined the queue.
The auditorium was virtually empty and Percy sat down with relief, the sharp super-cooled air a luxurious respite from the tropical porridge he had been running through. He sighed contentedly, feeling the group would finally find something more interesting to do with their time than follow him. But within moments, a multitude of shadowy forms quietly filed in. Through the dimness, he could see they were searching the room. An arm extended his way, presumably with a pointing thumb at the end of it. Moving as a single unit, inching through vast rows of velvet seating, the group sat down directly behind him, whispering.
Livid, Percy stormed out and demanded the return of his ten dollars. The attendant, upset, denied everything, saying he hadn’t revealed the screen number only the name of the film. Percy snatched the proffered money and left the mall as quickly as his weary legs would carry him, growling all the while.
He took the first bus he could find. The group followed, grown in size now. Still they trailed him in silence, content merely to follow. Percy changed buses repeatedly, until eventually he struck lucky. A bus heading for Kranji was already pulling out as he leapt on, its doors unusually late to close. Safely aboard, Percy gazed back and watched some twenty-five people wilt with disappointment, one or two hurriedly photographing the bus with their phones.
The relief was so profound that even Percy Field could not help smiling. He swiped his card and sat down. A tiny old woman in the seat next to him shifted uncomfortably, black eyes averted but clutching something in her gnarled fingers, tugging at it. Percy realised he was sitting on her thin jacket; raising a buttock enabled her to slide the crumpled article to safety. Percy considered how terrible it would have been if his bowel were in the unruly state it sometimes was. He remembered then that he had made a doctor’s appointment, and cringed at the thought of a stranger’s finger being inserted into his backside. They were bound to do it. He apologised to the old woman for sitting on her things, although not convincingly, and she nodded her acceptance to the window. Percy patted his pocket, checking for his wallet and phone. Replacing it had been a nightmare. As warned, he’d queued for hours only to find he needed his passport and identity card to sort things out. After moaning about it to Joyann, she told him to go to Lucky Plaza and get one with no contract, which he did. 
Now satisfied he would be able to get back from wherever he ended up, Percy began to enjoy the journey. Even if he were headed for the border with Malaysia, he could easily afford to get home. Singapore was, at times, reassuringly small. He wondered if the bus might stop in the car park, near the wetlands of Sungei Buloh. He could go for a walk there, and make up for missing out on the Gardens. But if the last stop was in the grimy looking industrial estate, he would simply stay on the bus.
 Rolling onto the expressway, the bus joined the steady traffic. Rain trees studded the central reservation, long upturned branches holding a canopy of sensitive leaves, as fingers balancing a tray. The journey progressed, and these shading trees from a far away continent made way for tall native palms, grey-green and full, or lean and glossy. The road ahead appeared to open up. Bougainvillea, every shade of pink, tumbled from overhead bridges, each opportunity for natural decoration taken and filled with life. 
While the vegetation of the expressway was a sight in itself, the surrounding area was slowly changing. Beyond the green core of the city came the verdant sprawl of the central nature reserves, soon followed by low buildings containing light industry. Beyond that came a sea of well kept pastel-coloured tower blocks, interspersed with more green. 
When eventually the bus turned off the expressway, it continued on, passing the car park Percy had been thinking of. He was now entering new territory. As he watched, head resting lazily against the glass, the undergrowth grew less and less cultivated, until it thickened into jungle, tight and dark except for winding roads meandering through. These thin scars alluded to a time gone by, old buildings lying smothered beneath the tangle of vine and leaf, confirming a piece of history Percy did not know. The narrow lanes, he observed, were more like home than anything he’d seen before. He thought of England, and wondered if Joyann were right. Perhaps he should go. What was he doing here? Who was he, this lonely man on the run?
When the bus drew to a final halt, the few remaining passengers disembarked. Percy joined them, puzzled. Observing his expression, the driver directed him, as if he knew why Percy was there even if Percy didn’t. Following the driver’s directions – that now familiar pointing of a thumb – Percy discovered he had arrived at an enormous frog farm.
*
A picture of a large smiling cartoon frog greeted visitors, paint fresh enough to suggest a thriving trade within. At first Percy hesitated, instinctively drawing his phone from his pocket to call for a taxi. But, given the open mindedness that was scratching at a leathery corner of his judgemental brain, a certain curiosity grew. Tucking the phone away, Percy wandered through the gates. 
It looked very much like any other farm, he thought, with low modern sheds and a concrete yard. It even had a shop, which from the outside looked like so many that had sprung up all over the United Kingdom; Farm Shops, selling local produce. 
Here and there, small information signs were carefully placed to make the whole process of frog farming seem more cheerful. The business was clearly set up for visitors, and from the multitude of fun-froggy-facts available, more specifically school tours, Percy guessed.
Watchfully, he browsed the various signs, wondering if someone might appear and warn him not to wander so freely. They didn’t. It seemed exploring was what he was meant to do. Relaxing a little, he entered a long covered area, and looking over one low barrier saw hundreds of huge green frogs. Some were huddled, others moved around, some stared aimlessly. The sign read American Bullfrog, and all were in perfect condition, living communally within an expanse of concrete with a large shallow pool, algae coating much of it. It seemed to Percy, an odd creature to farm.
Moving on and rounding a corner, he caught up with a group of children from one of Singapore’s international schools. A boy stood at the front with an enormous bullfrog on his head. An assistant kept one hand at the ready, while a teacher took photographs and children laughed. 
Percy recognised the child under the frog as his neighbour, and was just about to sidle off, when the boy spotted him. Percy nodded, and offered the smallest of smiles. It seemed today, even here, on a frog farm in the middle of nowhere, there was no way of escaping unwanted attention.
The boy grinned, wildly. ‘Uncle Percy! Look at me!’
Percy nodded again.
‘That’s Uncle Percy!’ the boy continued, loudly, upsetting the balance of the amphibian. The assistant lifted the animal off, and the boy rubbed his head where the frog had been sitting. He turned to his friends, arm outstretched as if reaching towards Percy. ‘He’s the one who gave me my piggy!’
Bright eyes turned on him. The wow aimed his way, was collective.
‘You’re right, he is sort of sad looking,’ said a child, whose face, Percy thought, would sit better on an adult.
‘Does he have any more pets?’ asked another.
Percy felt a small hand slip into his. A sweaty little blond girl had attached herself. ‘Do you? Do you have any more of them guinea pigs without hair? Do you?’ Percy tried to withdraw from the girl’s tacky grip, but despite tiny fingers, she held on as if glued. ‘Do you?’ she asked again.
‘No,’ said Percy, truthfully.
Without further comment, the girl released him and returned to the main group. With a degree of admiration, Percy could see that she was more interested in having a frog on her head, than pursuing a dead-end lead for the sake of politeness.
Stiffly, he waved goodbye to the boy as a teacher rounded the child up. All about, Percy could hear talk of what a wonderful man he had been; finding exactly the right pet and handing it over just like that, and animals like that were expensive. The kids were almost frenzied in their talk of what a kind and generous person Percy was, the overheating teacher trying to hush them. 
But while their chatter centred on him, visual focus remained on the frog, many of them impatient for a turn wearing it. For some, standing on the sidelines, Percy could see that hairless guinea pigs and generous men were far from their thoughts. It was plain they wished only that the large amphibian not be brought anywhere near them. He remembered feeling very much like that at around the same age, when some new mother, blinded by enthusiasm for her own gristly offspring, foisted her baby onto his lap with the coercion of his mother. Had it been green, the baby could have easily passed for a frog, he recalled. His mother grew irritable with him when he refused to show any interest.
Soon, with nothing to offer that could equal the excitement of a frog on the head, Percy’s presence was forgotten, and so he turned his attention to the shop, hoping to buy a bottle of water. He had been wandering around for at least thirty minutes ignoring his thirst, but in the stifling heat, the lethargy dehydration brings was starting to take hold; he knew he urgently needed a drink because he had almost lost interest in finding one.
Inside the small and basic store, a fan was turning rapidly on the ceiling, cooling the room pleasantly. Instantly Percy felt a little brighter. Against a wall, an old refrigerator hummed, inside it canned iced-tea in a variety of flavours. Percy couldn’t see any water. In desperation, he took two of what looked to be the least unpalatable teas offered, noticing then that most of the fridge and the tall freezer beside it brimmed with bags of body parts. This, it seemed, was the fate of the frogs: the dinner table. The bags were displayed in even greater quantity than Essence of Chicken, a mystery ingredient boxed up in the same manner as British teabags, and in every local supermarket and convenience store Percy had visited in Singapore. He was baffled as to what Essence of Chicken actually was. He had never asked Sal, that great knower of all things, and certainly he never would. Seemingly from nowhere, satisfaction touched him. She would never have been to the frog farm. Finally he knew something – somewhere – that she didn’t. 
He peered back out to the main yard through a small window. The big frog was perched upon a new head. As a being whose own life felt to be on the margins of control, Percy pitied this innocent frog, forced to accept the desires of others. Did the wide-mouthed chap also have his own froggy-Sal controlling things? What would a reconstructed frogette even look like? Which bits would be nipped and tucked, firmed and smoothed? After surgery, would the rejuvenated froggette resemble a newt, with its youthful tadpole-like tail? Is this what newts were?
Percy drew a small, airless, gasp of horror. Clearly the frog had an unwelcome following, just as he, Percy Field, had an unwelcome following of his own. What was his own insane fan club’s real intention? He was here at the farm because of them. Was it a sign? Would he, too, end up in bits? Percy looked again to the bags of meat.
‘You like?’ asked the assistant, noticing his interest, ‘good quality and not too expensive. One kilo cost just…’
‘No,’ Percy interrupted, ‘the drinks only, thank you. You do well here? With the frogs?’
‘Yes, very good business. Old business!’ The assistant laughed, ‘Chinese people enjoy frog. Good for you. You like to try?’
‘No thanks.’
‘Okay. One dollar each, so two dollar, thank you.’
Percy handed over a two-dollar bill.
‘Ah, many more customers,’ the assistant sighed, gesturing to the entrance. ‘I need a break.’
‘Oh my God!’ Percy hissed. There, streaming in the gate, were his pursuers. ‘How?’
‘You have problem?’
‘Yes. I don’t suppose you have somewhere I could hide? Just until that lot have left? I know it sounds odd.’
‘Sorry, no.’
Percy startled at this refusal to help.
The assistant left, after apologising once more.
The group were taking the same route Percy had, walking away from the shop and into the network of sheds. At that moment, the school children came streaming out at speed, and Percy noticed a large coach parked just outside the entrance. 
He grabbed the moment. Scuttling out with a look of affection firmly placed upon his face, he found his young neighbour, took his hand, and went to talk with the teacher.
24. PARTISAN
Having very much enjoyed the crate of wine he’d been given as thanks for saving a child from drowning, Percy walked to Amanda’s party with less trepidation than he might have. Never one to enjoy enforced social interaction, and having always hated Sal’s work bashes, he felt this would be different. Naturally, he would have to endure further gratitude from the child’s parents, whom he guessed would be there, and from others, but an obvious lifeline for the whole thing was the close proximity of home. And having no one else determine how long he should stay meant he could slip away as and when. It was a very real saving grace, as was the promise of the party’s star, the lovely Kiwi.
Everything around Percy glowed amber, the glorious sunset reflecting brightly in the condo’s many windows. It was delightful to be walking at such a time, and to him it seemed a luxurious moment. To witness the intensifying colours of dusk was a rarity, the rapid pace of nightfall often still taking him by surprise. Rather than overcast, the last two days had brightened considerably, the hot sun drawing up many days of rain, sucking moisture into the air and creating a heaviness he would normally have moaned about. But feeling unusually optimistic about the evening ahead, the hot Percy simply thought how much more he was going to enjoy a cold beer when he got there.
He was carrying some flowers for Amanda; three roses, a kind of sunflower, a few scented flowers he didn’t recognise, plus some ferny stuff for greenery. The small bouquet had cost a fortune in the supermarket, Chilled Cupboard, and he hoped she would know this. Having recently attempted to buy a small wedge of real cheddar cheese before realising he’d got the decimal point in the wrong place, Percy was feeling sensitive to cost. Plus Sal had asked him how he was getting on finding a cheaper place to live; it wouldn’t be too many months more and he would have to think seriously about leaving; maybe he should return to England; had he looked into where he would live if he did go back; remember, the house was sold; blah blah blah. 
‘Uncle Percy’s got a girlfriend!’
Wearing only board-shorts, Percy’s boy neighbour rounded the corner ahead of him, with Kojak stuffed under his arm.
‘I hope you haven’t been swimming alone,’ Percy said.
‘We haven’t been swimming at all, Uncle Percy.’ As he was prone to do, the boy spoke through the guinea pig.
‘Good.’
The boy scurried up to Percy. ‘You got a girlfriend then?’
Percy stopped. ‘No.’
‘Who are they for?’ the boy screwed his nose up in distain; the flowers were clearly an offensive display.
‘No one you know.’
‘How do you know?’
‘Know what?’
‘That I don’t know them?’
‘I don’t.’
‘Who is it, then?’
‘Why do you care?’
The boy grinned, broadly. Percy could see a tooth was missing, a molar. ‘I want to know who your girlfriend is. You used to have a boyfriend. Are you trisexual?’
‘What the hell is trisexual?’ Percy sighed wearily. What was he doing? Why had he stopped to talk? Why was this lesson so difficult to learn? ‘I did not have a boyfriend. You know very well that was my friend, Art, visiting from England. Argh! Look. Your pig has just had a crap. Look at the path, it’s covered in it.’
On the ground, around the boy’s feet, was a scattering of brown pellets. ‘It’s only poo,’ the boy confirmed, rolling the droppings into the nearest flowerbed, with a toe. ‘You saved a girl from drowning,’ he remarked, changing the subject whilst manoeuvring.
‘Anyone would have done the same.’
‘I know. That’s what Dad said.’
‘Look, I’ve got to go. Just make sure you don’t muck about near the pool, especially when no one is there. Right?’ Percy didn’t wait for the boy’s response, but left him amongst another shower of guinea pig faeces.
He walked on, not with a skip in his step, for never would such a sensation find release in the legs of Percy Field, but with a pleasantly nervous anticipation. The romantic in him, the veiled side of himself enabling occasional creativity, was reflecting upon the Kiwi’s beauty and her presumed witty nature. Another, rather more straightforward part of Percy, however, was hoping for something far more intimate than conversation.
The noise from the party could be heard before he turned onto the path for the house. Then, he spotted lots of people, some on the footpath and others crammed onto the terrace inside the garden wall. He had never walked this way before. Here, the houses had a different orientation from his, and in comparison were gloomy, not in a position to enjoy either sunrise or sunset. Percy’s house, he then understood, was located in the best position. No pool noise, no playground screams, lots of light, and without the many poisonous visitors houses closest to the grass by the jungle received. The only possible downside was the road, which as it turned out was quiet. Had Sal picked carefully or been lucky? 
Amongst the sea of people there were no faces he recognised. Briefly, Percy decided on an about-turn, because to continue meant elbowing a path through people he did not know, and all in the hope of finding Amanda so he could off-load the flowers. He regretted bringing them, kicking himself for the responsibility with which he had burdened himself. Empty handed, he could quietly slide through and find a drink and a corner, before going home. Then he remembered why he had come; the Kiwi. He also remembered there would mostly likely be a maid. She would take care of the bouquet.
He battled through and found the kitchen, also packed with people, but there was no maid to be seen. A woman asked if he needed something, and he told her what he was doing.
‘She always has Saturday afternoon until Monday morning off.’ The woman shrugged, ‘I know. They’re like that. They pay her too much, as well.’ She smiled, before stepping back and becoming reabsorbed into the revelry. 
Percy picked up a used pint glass, filled it with tap water, and then left the flowers in the sink. He felt a hand resting lightly on his back.
‘Are they for me?’
‘They are,’ Percy smiled. He thought Amanda seemed to be slurring. She looked amazing.
‘That’s so nice of you. Come with me. I’ll find you somewhere quieter. It doesn’t matter where you go in the world, the party always ends up in the kitchen.’ She hooked a hand under his upper arm, close to his armpit. ‘Christ, you’re really hot.’
He followed, as she dragged him through the writhing masses and out onto the deck at the back of the house. These few short strides moved Percy into a different world, a quietly refined atmosphere where a small number of people were sitting and talking.
Amanda smiled, sweetly. ‘Kristen, look who has arrived.’
Kristen. So this was her name. Percy made an effort not to look like a drooling dog. Kristen was sitting on a black wicker-effect sofa, her long brown legs crossed at the ankle, the split of her sleek black dress revealing a perfect thigh. Percy shifted his gaze, but it became caught on her rounded breasts. Then he found her face.
Kristen shuffled across a little, inviting Percy to sit beside her.
‘So you’re going home?’ Percy said, as he sat down. He had rehearsed a few questions in the shower earlier, and this was number one on the list. There wasn’t a great deal of room on the small sofa, as Kristen hadn’t moved very far along; he was pleased to feel her hip pressing against his.
‘Yeah. It’s time. I’ll be back though. I love it here,’ she said. ‘The climate is beautiful.’
‘Drink?’ Amanda said, as she handed him a bottle anyway. ‘Beer okay for you?’
‘Thanks.’ He took it and immediately swigged a long mouthful.
‘Thirsty?’ laughed Kristen.
‘Very.’
‘Amanda,’ she called, ‘bring Percy another, will you?’
With a second beer soon at the ready, Percy tried to relax.
‘I hear you saved a girl from drowning. The French kid from next-door, little Amélie.’
‘Is that her name?’
Kristen nodded. Percy felt a fool. Of course it was her name. Hadn’t this desirable woman just said so?
‘Her mum was telling Amanda that Amélie keeps getting out of the garden. She turned up walking along Sixth Avenue a couple of weeks ago. Nightmare. I was the same as a kid, always wandering off. Once my folks found me at the beach. I was only three. I was about to go for a swim, folded my clothes and everything.’
‘That sounds more like suicide,’ Percy remarked, instantly regretting it. 
‘I guess. Too young to write a note though, eh?’ she smiled. ‘So I hear you spotted Amélie because you were getting a book back? Is that right? You’d left it behind, and gone back for it?’
‘Yeah, that’s right. Sort of. A novel. I’d left it there after swimming.’
‘Just incredible. So lucky you went back.’
‘It was,’ Percy agreed. There was a slight pause, he noticed, before Kristen spoke again.
 ‘Good book?’ She sipped her wine; glass beaded with condensation. 
‘Total shit, actually. I wanted my bookmark, that’s all.’
She exploded with laughter, wine spraying from her mouth. Apologising profusely, she began wiping his now damp leg with the flat of her hand. ‘I am so sorry, Percy. That was disgusting. I’ll get a cloth.’
‘No don’t,’ Percy insisted, not wanting her to move. ‘It’s fine. Really.’
‘Sure?’
‘Sure.’
 She laughed again, ‘But the book was that bad, eh?’
Feeling encouraged, Percy expanded, ‘Terrible. I have tried to leave that bloody book all over the place, but it’s like some kind of homing pigeon.’
‘Is it the one you were reading when I saw you by the pool that time? If you still can’t get on with it, why don’t you just stop reading? Or chuck it away?’
‘A good friend recommended it. I thought I’d keep trying.’
‘How far have you got with it?’
‘Thirty pages.’
‘Thirty?’ 
Percy could tell Kristen was outraged. ‘Maybe forty,’ he added.
‘Forty? That novel is more than three hundred pages long. How can you make a judgement on thirty pages? And, Mister Won’t-Read-Something-Different, I can tell you that by saying thirty you actually mean twenty. I know about these things. So keep the thirty or forty crap for someone else.’
‘So you know the book?’
‘Yes I know the book. Most people think it…’
‘Brilliant, is what it is,’ interrupted a soft velvety voice. ‘Hello Percy, I didn’t expect to see you here.’
Percy looked up to see Verity Sullivan, dressed almost the same as Kristen, but with an altogether different effect; no long legs in sight, just curves and allure. 
‘Sorry I am late,’ she said, addressing Kristen, ‘I was waiting for Norm, but he’s running so late that I’m not certain he’ll make it at all. I left him to catch up if he can. Some group he’s joined is taking up all of his time.’
Percy saw a look flash his way. Not accusatory, more recognition. He hoped she wouldn’t say anything more.
‘Hey, no worries. It’s good to have you here.’ Kristen stood up. ‘Here, have my seat. I was just going to circulate; say a few farewells before we are all too drunk.’
Percy watched while the taut frame of Kristen was replaced by the voluptuous Verity. His mouth dried a little. He could feel Vee’s softness pressing against him, her forearm slightly overlapping his, her little finger brushing against his hand.
‘How are you Percy?’ she asked, after Kristen had gone.
‘I’m okay. You?’
A coy smile formed. ‘I am very well, thank you.’
‘You know Kristen?’
‘I know Amanda. I met Kristen a few weeks ago and we got on. She’s one of those people. You know the sort.’
‘Do I?’
Verity chuckled. ‘Oh Percy, you never change. I mean she is the sort of person to make one feel at ease. Old friend-new friend, do you know what I mean? Or maybe it would be new friend-old friend?’
Though increasingly hot with Verity’s ample body enveloping him, Percy did not want to move. His only regret now was that he might not get to talk with Kristen again, and having been so close to so much exposed skin and gentle banter, hopes of a more intimate encounter had been raised. 
Verity seemed to read his thoughts. ‘She’ll be back. You’ll have your chance. If not today then in a few months.’
Percy dismissed the suggestion with a shake of his head, but he knew he looked like a nervous child in denial.
Verity laughed, and nudged him, playfully. ‘Shall we go for another walk, sometime?’
Percy said he would like that very much. He tried not to picture Norm’s bright smile.
‘Good. I’ll let you know when I am free. Now tell me, what had Kristen so wound up when I came out here just now?’
‘Wound up?’
‘Yes, Percy, wound up. Surely you’re not that daft, are you?’
At that moment, an array of white fairy lights lit up all around, the shift from sunset to twilight enough to offer a satisfactory glow. Amanda reappeared. She offered Verity a glass of wine and Percy a third bottle of beer and a damp cloth, before disappearing back inside.
‘I have wine on my leg,’ Percy said, noting Verity’s questioning expression. ‘Kristen sprayed me.’
‘I see. I won’t ask why. Goodness, it’s early for a party, don’t you think?’ she said.
Percy replied by saying that he didn’t know.
‘I think Kristen has an early flight, or something,’ Verity went on, ‘not that starting a party early will make any difference. It won’t finish any sooner, only leave everyone with an even bigger hangover, don’t you think?’
‘Are you sure she was annoyed with me?’ he asked.
‘Kristen? Yes. She looked ready to kill.’
‘I don’t see why. We were only talking about a book.’
‘Her book, yes, I know, I gathered that.’
‘No. Not hers. Mine.’
‘Your book? You’ve written a book?’
‘No, I have not written a book,’ Percy stated. ‘I mean the book I left by the pool when… well never mind that. It’s a novel that I can’t get on with. It’s crap. I was telling Kristen how bad it is, that’s all.’
‘Is this the book you went back for, when you saw the girl?’
‘You know about Amélie?’
‘Oh my God, Percy who doesn’t know about her? I’m surprised it’s not in the Straits Times.’
‘Oh. Well… yes, it was that book.’
‘Well that book, you great banana, is Kristen’s. I know it is, because Amanda told me.’
‘It’s mine.’ Percy said again. He was beginning to think Verity had been drinking before the party.
‘Yes, Percy,’ Verity slowed her speech. ‘You own the book, but you see, Kristen wrote the book.’
25. THE TEMPLE ROOM
It had caused a degree of upset within her household, but Hester had ploughed ahead and converted one of the reception rooms into a temple. The veranda was too small for the growing number of believers, the lawn often too wet. Following was not a group that could easily meet in public, so the decision had been an easy one.
Davina packed away Hester’s collection of Asian artefacts with her employer overseeing every piece of tissue and box as if the girl were an imbecile. Hester was well aware that she seemed a fussy old woman, but these were precious memories of a life well lived and they mattered. Hester would have preferred to stand over the girl, literally, but a bout of ill-health had left her unable to do anything more than sit in a chair and wave ferociously.
Once the room was emptied, Hester adorned it with porcelain white lilies and an image of Percy. The picture was her favourite thing, because it had been taken without him knowing, and so captured his face in a contemplative frown. The expression was genuine, which marshalled her approval since Percy was a man true to himself. The portrait was taller than Hester, greyed-out black and white; an artistic image she felt would make a lovely wall hanging with or without any sentiment attached to it.
Her husband’s mild criticism did not bother Hester any more than if it had been fierce. She remained his great love, and he hers, no matter what. And just as she lived her own life, so he lived his as he always had, doing his own thing exactly when it suited him. His nagging regarding her health occasionally sparked a rough exchange, but mostly he said very little even about this. Though sometimes questioning of her, Hester’s husband was not acutely aware of her untruthful habit, and nor did she wish him to be. She accepted his teasing suspicion that she was edging towards some kind of age related brain disease, because other than confess what she was doing, there was no choice. Besides, it was fun to seem forgetful and have him fuss over her a little more than he used to. She would not confide her ruse, even in him; the rule regarding never sharing secrets applied to all. 
That rule had been stretched at the Science Centre, the old school friend who still retained her once infamous hyper-extending ligaments, quite sick. Terminal cancer had announced itself only after the spread, smacking the poor woman right between the eyes. The dislocation episode was as much for the friend’s benefit as for Hester’s, Hester told herself. It was a jolly farewell. And farewell it had been, a telephone call revealed only that morning. She sighed, thinking of it. There were so many goodbyes these days; they might as well be fun.
Hester was resting in a chair admiring the new temple room when Davina announced guests were beginning to arrive. She heaved herself up, and walked with the maid to the front door. She felt stiff and slow, not at all the same woman who’d managed to keep up with three spritely comrades in the pursuit of Percy. She’d grown a little fatter, she knew, and decided that extra weight must require extra effort.
It was no surprise to see Trudy standing there, immaculately dressed and heavily made up, with dark hair perfectly shiny and smooth, though worn in a massive coiffure. Her face and neck appeared somewhat inert, Hester thought, assuming some kind of procedure must have taken place. Hester knew this would happen. Not the procedure, because those were hard to predict, but that a spotlessly turned out Trudy would be early. Davina had been instructed to make certain plenty of white wine was chilled at the ready. 
Once inside, Trudy naturally made for the veranda and Hester let her, thinking that she would reveal the new space only when everyone was gathered. There was no ribbon to be cut, but no one would notice the lack of a conventional ritual. Whether by subconscious design or lucky chance, Following had accumulated a wealth of devotees who thought of little, other than their new faith. A ceremonial ribbon cutting would be the last thing on their minds; in fact, they might even view the tradition as out of keeping.
Davina brought out two glasses of wine, and then returned to the kitchen.
‘She’s making these little pastry things. Delicious.’ Hester grinned. ‘It’s early yet. We might as well enjoy a glass before everyone arrives. Cheers.’
Trudy smiled and held up her glass.
Nearby, a cicada was calling loudly. Trudy looked about, searching for it.
‘You won’t see it,’ Hester said. ‘One can be looking straight at the damn thing and miss it. Is it bothering you?’
‘Not especially.’
Hester watched Trudy’s face change from passive wine drinker to person thinking of something annoying. It was subtle. ‘What is it?’ Hester asked. ‘We can go inside if it’s the sound. It is rather loud.’
‘It’s really not the cicada, Hester. I like them. It’s nothing. Only that I heard from Meera earlier. She asked her brother to print up some leaflets about Following. I think he’s had a visit from someone, the police maybe. Anyway, she says all the leaflets were confiscated.’
Hester already knew about this. ‘They didn’t get all the leaflets. Meera had taken two boxes home. I have them here.’ The picture on the leaflet was the same image enlarged for the temple. ‘I wonder why they’re being so fussy about it all? There’s no name on it. The last thing anyone wants is for Percy to be incarcerated. The leaflets were not destined for letterboxes, for goodness sake, but for members to pass on to friends.’
The fine line being walked was narrow indeed.
‘Her brother was cross, Hester.’
‘He knew what he was doing.’
‘I guess. I think this means we should be careful, though.’
‘Yes, it does. But I wouldn’t worry too much.’ Hester thought about all the people she knew in high places, and of the things she knew. There was no guarantee of protection, of course, but a blind eye might be turned if Following could be proved an innocuous club rather than a religious movement. There would be no slamming of other faiths, no annoying people with evangelical door knocking. Within the law, they would continue as they were, and talk only to people prepared to listen. Even the temple room was not a place likely to become controversial. 
‘Can I see one?’ 
‘A leaflet? Why of course. I shall hand some out at the end of the sermon.’
‘Sermon?’
‘You’ll see,’ Hester said, winking whilst raising her glass once more. ‘You’ll see.’
Trudy was not prepared to wait. ‘How can there be a sermon? We haven’t anything to preach.’
‘Who said anything about preaching?’ 
‘What else happens in a sermon?’
Hester tapped the side of her nose, ‘Just wait and see. I’ve a new take on it. ’ She placed her glass on a small side table and clasped her fingers across her round belly, satisfied. ‘One day, Percy Field will come here, you know.’
‘He’s been here, hasn’t he? With The Discussion Group.’
‘I meant as Prophet. He can’t deny it forever.’ At times like this, Hester almost forgot it was a lie.
Trudy tucked a lock of dark hair behind her ear, smoothing it into place several times over.
*
Filled to capacity, Hester’s temple room was silent. 
Rows of people were sitting crossed legged on the white ceramic tile floor, heads bowed in contemplation. Hester’s twist was to offer a sermon without words. She had walked the believers into the room, allowed them a moment of awe, and then arranged all in an orderly fashion. Moving slowly amongst them, some old crippled shepherd tending her flock, Hester wondered how it would feel when finally there was something to say. In her, the ambition to raise the unwilling Percy to heights he did not desire, had to some extent been superseded by a greater interest: determining just how far it was possible to influence people. It was a notion drifting towards aspiration; a greedy thought that she might drive a new faith with ideas of her own.
For now, though, there was nothing to say, no way of guiding the recently devoted, other than to ask them to contemplate what they knew of the man they were told to admire.
‘Think of his miracles,’ Hester had demanded, ‘and what miracles might mean in a broader sense. Percy Field wishes us to find our own way, this much I know. But that does not mean he will not light a lamp. Be prepared for when he does.’
When silence fell, she set herself down in the chair she’d been using before Trudy arrived, and observed the bowed heads through tired eyes. Black hair, brown hair, blond and red. One bald. The red one reminded Hester of her trips to England, and the russet of autumn. She would like to see autumn again, one day, she decided. And the hairless head made her think of a man she had dated when she was eighteen. A builder. He had been a terrible flirt, or a good one, depending on your view, and as it turned out was married. After this discovery, she’d given him a chance to confess. He’d chosen to lie. So one dark night, she followed him home from work and watched as his solid form enveloped his tiny wife in a loving embrace, warmth of the house shining bright through uncovered windows. The wife had looked a dowdy sort, who clearly adored him. Hester smiled to herself. In those days, Hester herself had been very attractive. Not classically beautiful, but sexy as hell. Driven by hurt pride, young Hester’s intention was always to knock on the door and reveal the deceit. She knocked and the wife answered. Behind her, now thoroughly in the background, the follicly challenged cheat strolled by, hot drink in hand, without so much as a glance to see whom it was. The wife was not dowdy. Her face dazzled, wide smile disarming. Hester changed her mind. The happy woman was living blissfully within a lie, possibly of her own making, for who could say? Hester’s own lie – that she had lost her purse on the road outside, and had they found it – was nothing in comparison.
What were these people mulling over, she wondered, as her gaze trailed over the believers? Were they all really thinking about Percy Field? Were they considering his miracles, as she, Hester, instigator of all, looked on? They were lucky people, she decided, for clearly they had something missing in their lives, and here, Hester had enabled them to fill it with something wholesome. Helping others was never her motivation, but it made for a decent by-product. 
Her eyes closed momentarily, quickly followed by a brief dream of sailing on a huge steam ship down a frighteningly narrow river. A hand on her shoulder woke her up.
‘Madam Hester. You have another visitor.’
Hester took a moment to regain full consciousness. ‘Who is it, Davina?’
‘Sir Norm. Will I send him through?’
‘No. It’ll disturb the others. I’ll come. Take him out onto the veranda.’
With Davina’s help, Hester got up and went ahead, while the maid fetched Norm. Hester stood for a moment, leaning against a rail, watching her gardener rake up hard brown leaves, and she thought once more of autumn colours. The reliability of a single season was something she had always enjoyed in Singapore, because it was possible to plan ahead. Any monotony was tempered by the immediate weather, either the severity of a thunderstorm or the sweltering heat of a sunny day. At anytime, rain might fall so hard the expressways would be forced to a halt. Variation was swift, the flashing change a quick fix for boredom. Severe it could be, but rarely did the weather give cause for an event to be entirely cancelled. It was interesting, whereas she had always considered four seasons far too slow for her liking. Temperate climates were well named. There might be some rain, a peek of the sun, maybe a short storm, perhaps fog, a light shower of snow, then nothing but days of grey, and even more of a slightly darker grey. From warm to mild to cold, and back again, over and over and taking an age about it. Strange, then, to find now this desire for autumn, particularly for a person born into the tropical savanna of Northern Australia.
‘Afternoon. Sorry I’m late. Where is everyone?’
Hester turned. Norm was always such a pleasing sight; such a clean cut looking man with his linen shirts and brilliant white hair; his handsome tanned face. ‘Inside.’
‘Goodness. They must be asleep!’
‘They are in my new temple room, reflecting upon miracles.’
‘Temple room?’
‘Temple room,’ Hester repeated, proudly. ‘If you promise to be very quiet, I’ll show you. But there is no space to sit, other than in my chair. You’re welcome to it, if you’d like to join in. I thought I’d give them another ten minutes.’
‘Don’t you want to sit in?’ Norm’s face suddenly crinkled into one of regret, ‘Oh no! Did I disturb you, in your own contemplation? If I’d known, then of course I would have told Davina not to tell you I was here. I would have waited outside, quite happily.’
‘Norman, stop fretting. I was contemplating, yes, but you know what old people are like. I’d drifted off a bit, so I was perfectly happy to be disturbed. If I sleep all day I won’t sleep tonight.’
‘Sleeping? In the temple room? Hester!’
‘I couldn’t help it.’
Norm smiled. ‘I fell asleep during a sermon once. I’d been ill with the flu. Very embarrassing. I snored.’
‘Well I can tell you this much, Norman Sullivan, I do not snore.’ Hester thought she saw a flicker of amusement on his face. ‘I do not,’ she reiterated. ‘And I was actually contemplating within my dream,’ she paused, reflectively, ‘I wonder now if it was more a state of meditation.’ 
‘Oh?’
‘Yes. Percy Field is the Prophet of God, and this is an indisputable fact. What I drew from my… my vision… was this: yes, we can feed the fire of enthusiasm, but even without the furnace, something of this magnitude will plough ahead on the current, regardless. If we don’t control it, it may smash a path. If we guide it, we shall find ourselves on a smoother journey.’
‘I thought Percy wanted us to find our own way?’
‘No, that’s not what I meant. I don’t mean we should necessarily look for guidance from Percy. No. Until he is prepared to take the helm then we shall guide them, Norman.’ Hester gestured to the house. ‘I have made a start with the temple. We do not need to preach a particular doctrine…’
‘Do we have one?’
‘… nor should we seek to create one. All will become clear eventually. Life cannot be all about handouts, Norman. Your church gave you rules because one man determined them.’
‘And Percy will determine ours?’
‘Yes, but not because he has decided that God has spoken to him. If you will allow me to use your religion as an example? With all due respect, Norman, though he fought hard against the prejudice that he and his followers encountered, and perhaps for the time had sincere motives, Joseph Smith’s role was one he formed for himself. From finding the golden plates to translating the meaning of the script, it was his word only.’
‘Faith.’ Norm stated.
‘This is the twenty-first century, Norman. Faith is no longer enough.’
‘I am no longer a member of the church.’
‘I know. I wasn’t suggesting you were. And I know how difficult it was for you to walk away. For now, Percy is practising what we hope he will go on to teach: carving one’s own path, and making one’s own mistakes; learning to be at peace with oneself. Long gone are the days when someone can say God told me this, or God told me that, so do as I say, and sound credible.’
Norm shook his head. ‘You’re wrong about that, Hester. Pretty much every mainstream religion is overflowing with that sort of claim.’
‘And every sane man looking in from the outside thinks it is mad.’
Norm sat down.
‘You don’t want to see the temple, Norman? To join in?’
‘I’ll see it when they’ve finished.’
Hester checked her watch, a white gold and diamond Rolex, given to her by her husband on their wedding day. It had been his mother’s. The silk moiré strap was original. Hester paused, as she looked at it. Why was she wearing this watch? It was her best. ‘Five more minutes and I’ll go in,’ she said, taking a seat next to Norm.
‘So you think Percy will become active with us?’ he asked.
‘Yes. He’s a private man whose biggest secret has been rumbled. He’ll come round and do the right thing, eventually. He might be a Prophet, but he is still an Englishman.’
‘Englishmen created an empire,’ Norm said.
‘And politely watched it crumble.’
‘I’m not sure it was always necessarily polite.’
‘Politer than when they formed it.’
‘We’re not doing Percy much credit,’ Norm chuckled.
Hester studied Norm’s face. His teeth really were very white. ‘Would you like a glass of wine, Norman?’
‘No, thank you. But don’t let me stop you.’
26. PERCY
Percy walked back from the condo recycling area feeling very sore, and a little sad. He’d grown fond of the sagging concrete table, but it kept filling up with water that neither he nor The Kraken could remember to empty, and the death knell had sounded. The man who had helped him carry it was the Indian-Singaporean guard who always annoyed Percy, with his sideways glances and short remarks. Though they hadn’t encountered one another many times over recent months, Percy could not help but dislike him.
‘Come on, come on,’ the guard had said. ‘You a weak man. I will take most of the weight.’
Percy had struggled. The edge of the table pressed hard into the part of his hand damaged by a small china cat, causing the area to become unbearably tender as they shuffled along with the great weight of the table strung between them. He’d been forced to put it down several times. Though perfectly healed, the pink scar throbbed.
‘It was only a toy,’ the guard said, after the fourth time the table was dropped. Scowling, he jabbed at his own palm, ‘A toy!’ The guard had run into Percy immediately after the incident, and even then shown no concern. 
Percy hooked his wrists under the squared metal tube supporting the tabletop, and lifted. It wasn’t comfortable; the heaviness crushed against his tendons painfully and his arteries felt horribly compressed. With regret, Percy realised he was indeed becoming weak. Once upon a time, his strong arms would have raised tendon and muscle to resisted the pressure. Too long not working with his hands was taking its toll.
‘You make a mess with your blood. Not nice.’ The guard said, making conversation as he waited for Percy to organise himself. ‘Very hard to clean up.’
Percy ignored him. Then he’d turned his hands over, and tried lifting by using the backs. It was too awkward. 
The guard had laughed. ‘Like a girl, lah! You stick your bottom out, like a girl.’ He looked around, for an audience, posing as if he were a camp praying mantis.
Percy lashed out. ‘And what were you doing walking around here in the early hours of the morning?’
‘What are you saying?’
‘I saw you. A while ago, in the rain. Walking around at night when I know you never work nights. Scurrying about. What were you up to, huh? Robbing towels?’
‘What is robbing towels? This is my place of work.’
‘You weren’t working.’
The guard was staring at Percy blankly, but soon realisation flooded the man’s face. A smile drew itself up, and the guard said, ‘Ah yes. Very nice lady at number twenty.’
‘You dirty bastard.’
‘Why? I am not the one parading my penis. Come. Pick it up. The table, not your penis.’
It was then Percy realised there was nothing for it but to cope with the pain in his hand. And perhaps complain about the guard. Once the job was done, Percy thanked him. He said very little back, other than to tell Percy what his next mission was. He was tracking down some children who had been throwing water bombs at the guardhouse.
What was the point of the guardhouse, Percy wondered, as he walked along? He’d arrived back very late the night before, and while the guard on duty was sitting upright, he was in fact sound asleep. And there was no physical barrier to get past, apart from the flimsy rising-arm for vehicles, that went up and down, up and down, up and down, but could easily be smashed to pieces by the weight of a child’s tricycle. 
It wasn’t far to walk from the dumping zone back to the house. Percy’s feet were bare, something the guard had criticised him for, saying that next he would be moaning because he had cut his feet, as well as his hand. Again the guard had jabbed at his palm. Percy ignored him. One of the many things he increasingly enjoyed about the climate was the freedom to walk barefoot, comfortably. He still loathed flip-flops and sandals, occasionally pondering how they might be outlawed, always preferring a fully enclosed foot where possible. But there was something pleasingly maverick about bare feet outside of the home, he felt; new pleasure running in the face of all he had felt before.
The email received that morning from Art agreed with this view.

Fieldy,
I think I know what you mean about bare feet, though in the digging game, the baring of any foot is for reckless fools. Not only do you risk trimming your own shoe size, no worthwhile force can be applied when pressing down on the back part of the shovel blade. The ball of the foot, whilst reasonably tough, is not designed to take such centralised pressure, the arch even less so. After the tour of the veg patch, I’ll run a workshop on it, if you’d like.
I am thinking you might be becoming a bit soft, out there in the land of warmth and plenty? Not the bare feet thing, for clearly walking on exposed skin is a man’s prerogative. It’s more that you seem to be obsessing about the people that chased you. Assuming you haven’t dreamt it, I think it is great that you have suddenly changed from po-faced-Percy (that one is from the wife; apologies) to phenomenon-Fieldy. Maybe you can magic up some slug-eating dragon for me? Preferably one that can empty the dishwasher too. And fly with me on its back, as well, if that’s okay.
You could of course solve the issue of popularity by coming home, where the streets would be lined with just one: me, holding my spade high for you to walk beneath.
Got to rush, Art.

Designed. Evolved is what he meant, thought Percy, as he walked up the steps to his house. He went to the kitchen and wetted a tea towel with ice-cold water from the chiller, before wrapping his hand. He set the kettle to boil and checked the fridge for ingredients to nibble on, but found none. The fridge was no longer his own. How did someone not living in the house manage to dominate such an important thing? Was it the influence of The Kraken, or Sal? After all, it was Sal who paid for the helper and for the food she cooked, for the roof over his head. He caught himself. Not the roof. The company paid for that.
The kettle whistled and Percy made himself a cup of tea, before sitting down on the deck outside. It was averagely hot and he sweated a little as he sat drinking. With the coldness of the towel already gone, he took it off and from habit threw it to where the table had stood; the cloth fell to the wooden floor. He looked at the empty space, and then put his drink down on a chair, before resting his feet upon another. He had a lot to think about that he didn’t want to, so he concentrated on Art and his vegetable patch, pondering the sort of day Art would consider ideal versus Percy’s own perfect day. Art would dig and Percy might walk, but they’d both end up in the pub.
Percy was soon slumbering. He was feeling a little hung-over from a night spent at a new pub he’d found, a short taxi-ride away. It wasn’t better than The Tired Turtle, but it made a change. A Chinese guy dressed as a cowboy ran it, and the place was kitted out as a Wild West saloon. It was named The Wagon, so wheels were a prominent feature, along with photos of Hollywood greats in starring Western roles. In England, Percy might have mocked it, but here it seemed to have a quaint charm all of its own.
Phrike discovered it. It had two pool tables, rather than one as at The Turtle, and a dartboard. Percy wasn’t sure if Billy the Kid ever played darts, or pool for that matter, but it made the space feel very British; old school British, which he liked. He thought Art would have enjoyed it, if he could adjust to the icy bottled lager being served. 
Even before meeting Phrike, Percy knew he was going to get drunk. He’d noticed some girls spying on him from the road outside his condo. Feeling that people were watching him was becoming a regular thing. He’d called Phrike about it and Phrike had then invited him out for a drink to talk it over more fully. This offer had made Percy anxious. It was like Art saying he wanted to talk about his feelings. But before that, there had been the walk. This was the thing leaving him in need of too much beer.
Percy had met up with Verity. The Botanic Gardens was brimming with life, and they had strolled at a leisurely pace. She had brought Cocoa along, since Norm was attending a meeting at Hester’s and he was nervous of Cocoa and the veranda.
‘He’s convinced there are cobra underneath it.’ 
‘There probably are.’
‘Maybe. But I can’t see Cocoa chasing a snake. He’s worried because Hester had dogs that used to love playing with snakes. You can imagine what happened to them, Percy.’
Despite himself, he asked the question, ‘What meeting at Hester’s?’
This question seemed to stop Verity. She settled down on a shady bench. He’d sat too, feeling the warmth of hot blood glowing from her. Cocoa lay down on the path, prostrate. 
‘She’s always much quieter with you than with Norm,’ he observed, flicking a finger towards the dog.
‘She can’t get away with it, with me.’ Verity chuckled softly. ‘Poor Norm, Cocoa listens to the maid more than him. Don’t get me wrong, Cocoa loves my Norman, but she’s in charge. I’ve told him to be firmer, but he thinks it’s cruel.’ She nudged Cocoa lightly with her toes, ‘Take the piss, don’t you, you little rat bag.’ She paused, smiling affectionately at the animal, Cocoa not raising even a hairy eyebrow. ‘And in answer to your question, Percy, I think you know which meeting. We’re not talking The Discussion Group here, are we.’
‘Ah.’
‘Ah indeed. My husband has always been very fond of you. You understand what I mean by fond, don’t you?’ She looked at him, startling blue eyes seeming gentle, not piercing as they often could be.
He’d nodded.
‘What this new thing is, I don’t know. I can’t speak for him and I really cannot speak for the others. Personally, I think it is a way for him to admire you without upsetting himself. Do you understand what I mean by that?’
Percy had again nodded; a small tip of the head to acknowledge what she was saying, though he could only guess at her full meaning. She was perhaps saying that Norm could feel as strongly as he wanted, as he was driven to, and it would not challenge Norm’s own ingrained dislike of who he was; a gay man. Perhaps it was not dislike, but fear.
‘I think they are mad,’ Verity went on. ‘Who in this day and age believes in Prophets? And that you might be one? Well, it’s laughable.’ She gripped his arm, suddenly. ‘Oh my God! No offence, Percy. That was an awful thing to say.’
‘No offence taken, Vee.’ And there was none. No one thought it was more ridiculous than Percy did. ‘But in this day and age, as you put it, why does a man like Norm not admit who he is? Face it, who even cares?’ He’d shrugged as he said it, displaying that he, for one, didn’t.
Verity had regarded him then with a degree of disappointment, he thought. ‘Percy, do you really need to ask that question?’ She loosened her grip on his arm.
He thought about it, and then nodded slowly. ‘Yes,’ he said, ‘I do.’
She placed her hands flat on her thighs, rubbing as she searched about for something to say. ‘What are you, Percy?’
He didn’t understand.
‘What are you? Summarise yourself for me.’
‘Such as?’
‘Describe yourself. Say, “My name is Percy Field and I am a white man born in England.” You were born in England?’
‘I was.’
‘Okay. Say it then. I am a white man born in England…’
Percy hesitated.
‘Say it.’
‘I am a white man born in England…’
‘And I fancy women.’
‘And I fancy women.’
Verity had looked pleased. Percy already suspected a trap. ‘Say the whole thing,’ she instructed.
‘My name is Percy Field and I am a white man born in England and I fancy women.’
‘Good. Now I want you to picture this. Look at all these people. And look at me. Think of the world at large. For the sake of argument, you now have to accept what I tell you about this world. In this world, men fancy men and women fancy women. They are in the majority. And it is so normal to be homosexual, that it is not permitted for people to fancy anyone of the opposite sex. Okay? Opposite is wrong.’
‘Okay.’ 
‘You’re picturing?’
‘Yes.’ 
But all Percy could think of was Opposite Day. The boy neighbour had harassed him for a full hour with tales of Opposite Day, saying goodbye for hello and yes for no. It proved that it was possible for the child to be even more annoying than he usually was, rather than the opposite.
‘I want you to shut your eyes and believe it, Percy. I want you to picture same sex parents, and think about all those films where the love match is between same sex couples. You see it.’
‘Hmm. I suppose.’
‘NO. You don’t suppose. Feel it. I am not asking you to fancy men. I am asking you to imagine living in a world where being homosexual is the norm.’
Percy opened an eye. ‘The norm?’
‘Turn of phrase. Stop it. Shut your eyes.’
Percy did. ‘Everyone is gay.’
‘No. Everyone is not gay. Everyone is homosexual. There are no special terms, because homosexual is the standard. Only if you are heterosexual might you hear a different name, and it probably won’t be nice.’
Percy tried to picture what Verity wanted. He tried to imagine the world she described. He thought about not trying, about just sitting there with his eyes closed, but felt he was unlikely to get away with it.
‘Now,’ she said, ‘you, Percy Field, live in an environment where heterosexuality is illegal. It is so frowned upon that the authorities have decreed it cannot exist. Men can only love men. Women can only love women. This is the core of family values.’
‘Fine.’
‘So you accept this? You accept this world where heterosexuality is illegal?’
‘Yes.’
‘Say again what I told you to say.’
‘My name is Percy Field and I was born in England and I fancy women.’
‘You forgot the bit about being white, but never mind. So you fancy women? You dare to say you fancy women, when you know this cannot be possible?’
Percy tipped his head back, and looked to the sky. ‘I get your point.’
‘It’s called putting yourself in someone else’s shoes, Percy.’
‘I get it. And I get that being gay isn’t as widely accepted as I thought.’
‘Damn right it isn’t. And Norm was raised to believe gay people should fight it; that being homosexual cannot be. One man came out in our church and they sent him off to be cured, for God’s sake! Cured! Can you believe people actually still think that way, Percy? And what the bloody hell has it got to do with them, anyway? Served them right, in any case; he came back with a boyfriend.’
‘I guess you can leave the church but the church doesn’t leave you.’
‘Exactly. He’s been told his whole life he has brown eyes even though when he looks in the mirror he sees blue. Why he didn’t marry someone equally devout, I do not know. It would have made more sense.’
‘Why do you say that?’
‘Only that it’s easier to keep things hidden from yourself, when you’re both blind.’
‘He met a woman he could love,’ Percy said.
Verity smiled, ‘Thank you.’
‘You love him?’
‘I do.’
‘And what about us?’
‘Us?’ she asked.
‘No strings. We agreed. But when I think of the last time we were here… well...’
Verity’s mood softened. ‘No strings all round is what we have here, my love.’ She touched his hand. ‘Shall we walk on?’
Percy thought of the empty shed they’d found before, in the un-trodden part of the Gardens, and his heartbeat quickened.
*
Percy awoke with a start. The sun had gone down and his tea was lukewarm. 
He pulled his phone from his pocket to check the time. Seven-thirty. He’d been asleep for hours. His neck was stiff, his backside numb.
On the screen a message was displayed saying that Phrike and Meera would be at The Tired Turtle that evening, if he wanted to join them. Why was Phrike always out with Meera, Percy wondered? There were rumours, but surely he wasn’t the sort of man to cheat on his wife, at least, not that openly?
Could he be bothered to go out, was the question. There were ingredients in the fridge if he wanted to cook, but nothing instant. He decided he would grab a meal at one of the hawker centres and then finish off the hangover with a pint. Then he’d head home early for bed.
Phrike had been very reassuring the night before, and Percy decided he would buy him a drink as a thank you. He’d told Percy that no matter what happened, he should live life as visibly as possible. He should not hide away and ignore the people following him. If it were the authorities watching him, as well as passionate young believers, this open behaviour would be reassuring to them. He must not appear complicit. 
Percy had gulped; an actual gulp as if he were in a cartoon. Authorities? 
Phrike had shrugged, and said it didn’t matter. They were everywhere in any case, and Percy had done nothing wrong; the best way to prove it was to show it. Phrike himself was talking freely, Percy had noticed. Something else Percy noticed, was that Phrike persisted in being evasive about his work. He’d always been vague, but Phrike’s seemingly sound knowledge on how to behave made Percy wonder again about it. He felt suspicious. Then he’d drunk five more bottles of beer and the suspicion seemed ludicrous; he’d shaken it off as paranoia. 
Stretching as he stood, Percy noticed the guard passing through the lit car park below. A water bomb landed on his head as he watched. Two shadowy figures raced away from a balcony only a few doors along from his own; the boy neighbour was one. Percy looked down, straight into accusing eyes. 
‘They went that way,’ said Percy, pointing.
‘You!’ came the reply.
‘No! Kids. That way.’
‘You wait there!’
So how to apply Phrike’s theory in this situation, he wondered?
27. JOYANN MEETS THE BOY
Just like the old days, Percy thought. Him with a cappuccino, and the orangey Indian woman covered in piercings sitting nearby. The Englishwoman, who before had been sweaty and scruffy and patronised The Bean with her two awful offspring, until converting to full-time expatism, was also there, along with her two Aussie pals. As ever, the three were dressed as if for an evening out, at nine-thirty in the morning. Percy recognised the two Aussie’s now, though he hadn’t known them before. They were in The Discussion Group. Vlad had completed her coupe, and the group now jostled with augmented breasts.
Percy was waiting for Joyann. No longer did she meet in The Bean with her brother and business partner for breakfast. The expanding business had separated the trio, pushing them to different parts of the city. Always, Percy looked back on that time as a happy one, even though living it was lonely. The past was always better than the present except when it wasn’t.
Saying she was working in her Sixth Avenue hardware store all week, Joyann had asked to meet him. She was late, but Percy didn’t mind, though the atmosphere of the day was strange. There was no koel calling, not that it always did; no dogs passing by in frilly clothes or fancy shoes; no maids lugging heavy bags. Singapore seemed to have slipped beneath more muted tones than normal. It was not an unusual day, but nor did it feel average. The sky was grey with the promise of rain, a deluge perhaps but maybe not. The ever-still air hung with moisture; the roads seemed desolate and passersby few. Sitting outside, feeling oppressed by the quiet, Percy wondered if he should go inside, into the bright room with its cool air. He looked in. The café was almost empty. He decided to stay put. For whatever reason, today he wanted company. The orangey woman and the reproduction triplets would suffice.
Just as he was deciding whether or not to buy a second drink before she arrived, Joyann appeared.
‘So sorry I am late, Percy.’
‘It’s fine. Can I get you a drink? How long have you got?’
‘That is the good part. I have all day. A great relief to me, as I thought I was going to be covering all this week and next, and I cannot be in two places at once. My mother needs me.’
‘Problem?’
‘Big problem. When everything was going well she wanted my brother, now she is sick and needs nursing I am the one she wants. I am very cross, Percy, because she and I are not close at all. I think she does not particularly like me. But she is my mother. I have to go to her. And she lives on the other side of Singapore.’
‘It’s not a very big place,’ Percy said, thinking he was being helpful.
‘Ah! Big enough at times like this. With this store back to normal I do not have such a big problem now. But I still have Lucas, and school. I will have to leave him.’
‘Lucas?’ 
Joyann stared.
Percy didn’t understand the look. ‘Who’s Lucas?’
‘My son.’
‘You have a son?’
‘You are joking, right?’
Percy weighed it up and opted for a safe answer. ‘Yes. I am joking. Lucas.’ He’d had no idea whatsoever that the child existed. Sal had not only run off with a married man, but a father.
Joyann’s brow became tight, eyes narrowed, but she said nothing.
‘Coffee?’ he asked, rising from his seat.
‘Double espresso, please.’
Percy went inside to the counter. Lucas? Did Sal know about the son when she ran off with Ethan? Ethan. How he hated that name. She must have known, surely. He smiled a little. She hated children. The smile fell away. Maybe she only hated them with Percy? 
Order quickly filled, Percy rejoined Joyann. They were now alone.
‘So you’re going away for a while?’ he said, sitting down.
‘Yes.’
‘May I ask what is wrong with her?’
For the second time, Joyann stared. ‘Who is this imposter? What have you done with Percy?’ Joyann looked under the table. ‘Where is he? I demand to know.’
‘Excuse me?’
‘Asking after my mother?’ a burst of laughter released. ‘You?’
‘She’s poorly, why wouldn’t I ask?’
Joyann laughed harder, eyes watering. She waved her hands, as if trying to keep him away. ‘You’ve cheered me up, Percy. Thank you. And I think the word poorly is very British. Very you. I like it. Poorly.’
Percy felt sure he’d just been insulted, but couldn’t work out in what way. All he’d done was ask what was wrong with her mother. Was that so strange? ‘It’ll be quiet without you around,’ he said, thinking he wouldn’t ask again.
‘We do not see that much of each other, Percy. But I will miss you. Where are you going next? I might join you, if that is okay? Just for an hour or so. I do not feel like rushing home. I will only start packing and organising myself. I can do that later.’
‘I thought I might go for a swim, but we could have a drink by the pool or something? Have a cup of tea.’
‘Okay. Then I will take a cab home. It sounds a very nice way to spend some time.’
‘We can walk the back way, rather than the main road.’ Percy was quite pleased Joyann wanted to spend time with him. He’d seen much less of her since her business had expanded and The Discussion Group had driven them both away. She was one of the few people whose company he enjoyed.
Joyann was smiling brightly. ‘Oh yes. You can show me where your followers trapped you. I look forward to seeing the commemorative plaque on the wall marking the spot where you helped the bent old man.’
Percy shook his head, and tightened his mouth. He was not going to talk about that today.
Joyann was determined, ‘I hear you have been followed many times now? But not by Norman’s lady friends. Other people. Is this true?’
‘Can we talk about something else?’
Joyann nodded. ‘Of course. I am sorry. Please forgive me. And bless me. Amen.’ 
Percy threw a sugar lump at her. ‘Stop!’
She laughed. After a moment, she settled. ‘Forgive me! I mean it. I am so sorry Percy. I do not know what has got into me. It’s been a tense time. I signed the divorce papers so I am free of that worry. Maybe it is this making me silly.’
‘Maybe.’ Percy couldn’t help smiling. Joyann’s pretty face was beautifully animated.
‘Or maybe I am making the most of this time, right now. With my mother it will be hard. We cannot talk for long without falling into an argument. It is not only her fault, it is also my own. I misremember things about times gone by, I know that, so we make a bad match, because even when she is well, she tells me all sorts of things that cannot have happened. Her memory fills in non-existent gaps. Between us, there have been many conversations recalled that neither ever had. It is not easy. She is not easy. And she will certainly go on and on about Ethan.’
*
‘Oh God.’ It was long slow groan.
‘Percy?’
‘Just walk straight past him, Joyann. Don’t say a word, not even hello. It only encourages the little bastard.’
Percy strode on, two cups of tea in hand. Ahead, near the pool, the boy neighbour was sitting with Kojak and a small pile of plastic animals.
‘Do you mean the boy?’
‘Yes, the bloody boy. I am not in the mood. And if he’s crapped near one of the pool drains again that guard will be blaming me.’
‘The boy would do that?’
‘No! That bloody rodent. Fires them out its arse like a living machine gun.’
‘Why would the guard blame you, Percy?’
‘Because he blames me for everything. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if he has “it was Mister Field’s fault” written on his headstone. Which could be true of course, if he keeps on going the way he is.’
‘I wonder why the boy isn’t in school?’
‘Do not ask him, Joyann. Please.’
‘Hello Uncle Percy,’ the boy said, brightly, looking up from the spot he had made his own, with a large arrangement of animals. ‘I’ve had the runs.’
‘Brilliant. There’s your answer,’ Percy said to Joyann, without looking at the boy. ‘He’s got diarrhoea, and thought, I know, I’ll go and hang out at the nearest communal water source.’
‘It was yesterday, Uncle Percy. I’m okay now, thanks for asking. But I am not allowed in school yet.’
‘Oh dear,’ said Joyann, sympathetically. ‘I hope you are feeling much better today, though?’
The boy shrugged, unwilling to admit anything.
‘What game are you playing?’ she asked.
Percy sighed and resigned himself to conversation.
‘Safari,’ the boy said, before explaining in detail which animals were in which enclosure and why. 
‘And what about this one… it’s a guinea pig, isn’t it? The one Uncle gave to you?’
‘Steady Joyann.’
‘What?’ 
Percy realised she had used the word Uncle as any Singaporean might. He let it drop.
Joyann returned her attention to the boy, bending over him a little. ‘So?’
‘This is Kojak. He’s a keeper.’
‘Ah, of course.’ Joyann laughed, lightly. ‘Very good. Enjoy your game. My son also loves animals. I think he is a little older than you.’ She took her tea from Percy, and moved towards a seat. ‘Did you know I had a son, Percy?’
‘I knew,’ he insisted. ‘How could I not?’ he rolled his eyes, as if he were being victimised. 
‘It is very peaceful here. No road noise. Not too many people. It is nice.’
‘It’s okay,’ Percy said. ‘Here’s someone you might know.’ He gestured to the figure of Amanda walking along with her young child, large bag brimming with towels and other pool necessities. 
‘I don’t think so.’
‘The Discussion Group. The early days, I think, but maybe now, too.’
‘Hmm. No, I don’t think so.’
‘Kiwi. Amanda. Brought a friend along to a meeting, apparently; Kristen.’ Percy could think of nothing else to add to his list of prompts.
As she drew closer so Joyann exclaimed, ‘Ah yes. Of course. Yes, I recognise her now. The book I told you to read. Her friend wrote it. Is that correct? I think I am right in saying that.’
‘Uh yes. That is correct.’ Percy felt a little extra warmth rising in his cheeks.
Amanda greeted Joyann without hesitation, and smiled at Percy. Her child went straight to the water, sitting down on a step in the shallow end, before ripping off and tossing aside a broad brimmed hat shaped like a duck.
‘I wouldn’t let it near that one,’ Percy pointed to his boy neighbour, who was still engrossed in his game, head tilted low and sideways as he slowly manoeuvred a rhino. 
‘It?’ Amanda asked, jamming the now soggy duck back onto her child’s head.
‘Your kid.’ 
The young child was singing, hands splashing the water roughly in time with an unrecognisable melody. Amanda smiled. ‘Oh. Why?’
‘He’s got the shits.’
She screwed up her nose. ‘Yuk! I won’t. Thanks for sharing.’
Percy settled himself in a chair, and quietly thought about other things while Joyann and Amanda politely chatted. While the two mothers instinctively watched the children, Percy closed his eyes.
He reflected on how quiet things were becoming. Kristen was gone, so there was no chance of bumping into her delightful body; The Discussion Group was poisonous: Norm was off limits due to insanity and Percy’s guilt regarding Vee; Phrike seemed incapable of existing outside of his home without the company of Meera; Joyann was going to be busy for a while. Amanda was nice, but Percy couldn’t envisage filling his time sitting by the pool with her, using rice cakes to scoop round balls of human excrement from the water.
His musings were interrupted by laughter. Joyann was hysterical. 
Percy opened his eyes and raised an eyebrow. They were looking at him.
He was brought up to speed. ‘I was just telling Joyann about Kristen,’ Amanda said. ‘You know. The party? When you told her how crap her book was?’
Joyann found her breath. ‘Oh my goodness. Is she okay?’
‘She’s fine. She knows what Percy is like. She’ll be right.’
Joyann turned to Percy. ‘I thought you would like the book. I thought reading about foreigners abroad would amuse you.’
He sniffed. ‘Too much romance.’
‘There was no romance,’ Joyann and Amanda said, in unison.
‘Okay. Too many words. “The sky became a spectral blue once the rainbow had died.”’ He shook his head, disparagingly.
‘Does it say that?’ Joyann said. ‘I don’t think it says anything like that.’
‘It doesn’t,’ Amanda said. ‘That’s not how Kristen writes.’
Percy submitted. ‘Fine. I just didn’t like it.’
‘No real harm done,’ Amanda said, as she began emptying her bag onto a table. 
Percy watched, thinking it must be magic. Doctor Who’s Tardis, perhaps, but bag-shaped.
‘You need a thick skin to write,’ Amanda continued, as she took out three sharks and a whale, ‘and hers is like a rhino.’
As if on cue, the boy neighbour moved from his isolated spot to the edge of the pool, still holding the grey plastic animal he’d been using. But his attention had shifted. He was looking longingly at the toys Amanda had produced.
‘Are you crook?’ she asked him, hands on her hips.
‘No. Yesterday.’
‘Okay. I reckon you should play over there, where you were, just for today. Tomorrow, you can play over here, with us. Okay?’ She nodded to her own child. ‘Just in case.’
‘I’m at school tomorrow.’
‘When you get home. I’ll be here,’ she brightened her face, ‘with the toys!’
After the boy had shrugged and reluctantly returned to quarantine, Joyann remarked that she thought Amanda had dealt with it well. 
‘Thanks. He’s a nice lad,’ Amanda replied, cheerfully.
Percy looked at him, watching as the boy resumed his lonely game, seeming to accept his lot. At his hand, the rhino charged down an arrangement of other animals, always retreating to the centre before repeating the move until no other toy was left standing.
28. ART’S SISTER
In typical fashion, the moment Percy’s life filled with company he longed to be alone. Art’s sister and niece had arrived from England, staying with him for three days, en route to New Zealand. His niece wanted to visit all the animal attractions available, which meant at the very least the zoo, night safari, water safari and the bird park. Her mother said that, speaking for herself, she wanted just one day shopping on Orchard Road, if that wasn’t too much to ask since she was paying for it all. They argued in Percy’s house. Percy removed himself to the step outside, bottle of beer in hand.
The boy neighbour was sitting on his own step, and moved away when he saw Percy.
‘Hey. What’s up?’ Percy said, feeling that in the face of war the boy was his ally.
‘I’ve got a cold. You don’t like me when I’m ill.’
Percy couldn’t argue with this. ‘First your runny arse and now a runny nose? What’s the matter with you?’
‘The shits and a cold, I guess.’
‘Don’t say shits.’ Percy was feeling more accommodating than usual. This kid, compared to the one inside, who was currently bursting from childhood with a bang, was half decent. ‘At least come back and sit on your own step. It’s fine.’
The boy did as Percy suggested.
‘So, young man, where’s your piggy mate?’
‘Dead.’
Percy nearly dropped his bottle.
‘Not really. He’s inside. He’s got a skin infection.’
‘Nice. Runny arse, runny nose, runny skin. Looking good at your place.’
‘I’m run down.’
Percy did a double take. Surely the boy had not just made a joke?
‘That’s what Dad says. What are you doing?’ the boy enquired. ‘Who are the people shouting?’
‘Don’t ask. And don’t let people you don’t know stay in your house. Make it a life rule. Bloody nightmare.’
Percy noticed the boy’s line of sight rising, and turned. ‘Finished?’ he asked the woman now standing directly behind him. He hadn’t realised she was there, but nor did he care very much. 
As well as being considerably smaller, Art’s sister did not especially resemble Art. She was a nondescript person, even featured with unremarkable colouring; a face considered either attractive or forgettable but never striking. In some ways, she and Percy shared this characteristic. As he returned his focus to the bottle, Percy had already forgotten what she looked like; he might have turned again and found a different person standing there and never known the difference. Twice, he and Art’s sister had walked past each other in the airport, after Percy started thinking that he’d lost her to the lavatory.
‘I am very sorry about this, Percy.’ She sounded sincere. ‘That one in there can be quite a diva. We’ve settled on the zoo followed by the night safari, Universal Studios, then shopping on Orchard Road the day we fly out.’
Suspicions roused by the level of detail this stranger seemed compelled to share, Percy said, ‘Good. I am sure the two of you will have fun.’
‘You’re not coming?’
He again looked at her. ‘You don’t want me along,’ he said, hopefully.
She smiled, ‘Of course we do! I insist.’ 
Percy’s attempt to firmly excuse himself hung from his open mouth, words dangling unspoken, while Art’s sister kept on. 
‘Art told me that you’d be backward about coming forwards. He said to make sure you come out with us each day. He said we should absolutely insist on it. So you’re coming, mister, and that’s that. No need to be bashful around me.’
The skin on Percy’s back crawled. Mister? Was he twelve? Had all those birthdays been nothing more than one long shitty dream? His eyes met those of the boy, who, Percy noticed, was laughing behind his hand.
‘The diva is freshening up. I thought we’d head off in around half an hour, if that suits? Goodness, do you always drink beer at half past ten in the morning?’
He fiddled with the bottle, as if confirming it was indeed beer. ‘Yeah.’
‘No wonder you and Art get along so well. Right…’ Art’s sister walked away, back into the house, the word right not a preamble for anything other than going inside.
The boy was still laughing behind his hand, though he now looked very much as if he were pretending. ‘She’s bossy,’ he said, before sneezing.
Percy agreed and swigged his beer. There was nothing he needed to do before going out, and the email to Art could wait until later. With a sharp smack, Percy swatted a mosquito that had landed on his knee, the more accessible part of his leg in terms of hair. He’d splat Art at some point, too, he knew.
‘That’s a girl one,’ the boy mumbled through his hand, which was still covering his mouth and nose.
‘The mozzie?’
‘Yeah. The males feed on nectar and stuff. Only girls drink blood.’
‘That would be about right. Something up with your face? Why have you got your hand like that?’
The boy removed it and grinned. His mouth was covered in thick mucus. The sneeze had proved plentiful. ‘I need a tissue.’
Unable to hide his revulsion, Percy scrambled to his feet. ‘That is disgusting. Go on,’ he gestured for the boy to go and sort himself out. Percy’s stomach turned a little; the mucus was green. ‘You better not have given it to me.’
The boy walked towards Percy, rather than away, grinning, his lips strung with slime.
Percy backed off, and shut the wooden gate. The child, meanwhile, had begun sneezing again, and through the wooden slats Percy could see the lad was now wrestling with great armfuls of snot. Percy grimaced and retched before going indoors.
*
On the step once more, germ-ridden boy gone from sight, Percy wrote an email to Art.

Art,
Let me begin by saying you are a bastard.
I’m just waiting for your sister and her daughter to finish getting ready to go out. No offence, but I can now see how you managed to refine ignoring the demands of your wife. You had practice growing up. You must have been conditioned to find comfort within the nag. Also, I imagined your niece to be around ten or twelve years of age, yet ended up with an angry morph. Explain.
Anyhow, just a quick note to say cheers mate. I will of course return the favour. I am considering what top tip I might pass on to your wife regarding the latest thinking on creating a successful vegetable patch. I need to hone the idea, but I am thinking organic rather than chemical warfare, something to do with African land snails.
Whatever happens, remember this: don’t look down at the carrots, look over your shoulder.
Fieldy.
*
‘It’s not right to have an upset stomach all the time, you know.’
Percy’s expression was blank. He did not want to listen to Art’s sister any more than he wanted to be sitting on a giant flying dinosaur. He had been led to believe they were going to the zoo, an attraction he liked and was therefore prepared to suffer. The diva had changed her mind. The diva was sitting on the other side of him, sullen, even though she was the only one interested in the theme park. To make matters worse, Percy was starving. No one else was hungry, which for some reason meant that he was supposed to wait. He resolved to shake off his captors and hunt down a hotdog, the moment they got off. The only food he’d heard any talk of was pizza, and for Percy, pizza was a step too far. Sick making rides followed by thin bread gone soggy? Pizza was the domesticated cousin of an old squashed sandwich retrieved from the bottom of a bin. They were taking the piss, surely.
‘Have you been to the doctor with it?’ she continued, ‘only there are lots of tests you can have these days. Have you ever kept a diary, about what you’ve eaten each day?’ She didn’t wait for a reply, though none was coming. ‘You’d need to do it over several weeks, and at the same time keep a note of when your stomach is upset and rate how severe it is. You might also like to think about whether there has been a possible trigger, and perhaps document that as best as you remember. It might have been a severe bout of food poisoning, for instance. There is some thinking that certain conditions might be dormant and then become symptomatic once aggravated. It’s not proven. Or maybe it is. I can’t remember. Ooo… here we go.’
The dinosaur ride began slowly revolving. It was too young for the teenage diva, but she’d insisted that she wanted to ride on everything. Percy had offered to stay on the ground and guard the tarmac, but Art’s sister’s nagging was unbearable, forcing him onto the path of least resistance. This was already their third ride. The park was not busy, since only certain international schools were on holiday and local Singaporean schools studied on. The lack of people queuing had been a great disappointment to him.
The moving ride was not enough to stop the stream of advice. ‘You could be lactose, Percy, of course, or wheat. But I think you might be gluten. Coeliac. You can have a test very easily for that. You’d need to double check – or I can – but I think for the results to be accurate you actually need two tests, though many doctors don’t realise this, so my coeliac friend says.’
Percy recalled his doctor’s appointment, made because he wanted to find out what was wrong, and missed because when it came to it, he couldn’t face the humiliation. ‘Did the doctor put his finger up her backside?’
‘What? No. I don’t know. Maybe. No, I don’t think so. Anyway, that second test checks if you are the sort of person who will test negative regardless, and if you are, then they do different checks on you. A biopsy from your stomach is conclusive, I think. My friend had it done. She said it was awful. They stick a tube down your throat while you’re awake. I think she might have had one up her backside too, but perhaps that was someone different. Anyway, it was worth it. She was diagnosed two years ago and is so much healthier, except she’s lactose now as well. It happens like that sometimes.’
Percy tried to switch off, but he was so hungry it was hard. He imagined heaving Art’s sister over the edge of the dinosaur car. She was quite slight, so it would be easy. Knowing his luck, the car would be in its low phase, and she would merely climb back in without having missed a beat, still wittering on about barley and wheat and stomach lining looking like millions of tiny fingers. He closed his eyes and tried to let the words bounce off him. His stomach lining did not look like fingers; it looked like one angry man on his knees, about to die from starvation.
The ride was beginning to slow. Art’s sister was beginning to slow. By the time the car stopped and they could get off, she had exhausted the subject of Percy’s stomach.
Percy was just leaving the enclosed area around the ride, hungrily plotting his escape while willing his guests to go far, far ahead, when he heard someone say his name. It was a quiet voice.
‘Percy Field?’
He did not recognise the round-faced young Singaporean woman who’s spoken. ‘Yes?’ he said.
‘Would you sign this for me?’
‘Sign what?’
‘This. Autograph it, I mean.’
Percy took what was offered. It was a leaflet, bearing a pale black and white image of his face. ‘Where did you get this?’
‘From the temple. From Hester. It is a very nice room.’
He gave it back and walked away. He hoped she had not noticed his hand shaking. His heart was racing. Was it really a picture of him? Yes, he realised, it was.
A fleeting look revealed that she was still watching him. Please don’t let there be more of them, was his begging thought. He couldn’t face another chase across Singapore. And what if they chased him here, at Universal Studios? The escalators at Plaza Singapura had proven farcical enough, but here was the potential for a full-blown comedy sketch, except it wouldn’t be funny.
She nodded at him, and smiled, clutching the leaflet to her chest.
Percy looked about himself and with great delight discovered he had lost Art’s garrulous sister and her sour offspring. Utterly relieved, he forgot the leaflet for a moment, and clasped his hands together, shaking them as if he had just won an award and was thanking the world at large, or thanking God. He beamed with relief, for at last he had got his quiet moment, and soon he would be eating a hotdog, suddenly the most exciting prospect imaginable. He would have mustard and ketchup. And he might even buy a beer.
His focus switched from the park at large to a single image. Not far ahead, three women were gathered together. They were smiling at him, each waving a narrow sheet of paper with great enthusiasm. He recognised the leaflet. They looked past him. The woman he had just met was walking towards them, her arms outstretched. She was laughing, a genuinely happy sound. She turned to him as she passed, and holding the leaflet out flat, as if it were a heavy plate, mouthed the words thank you. It was the sort of thank you that was passionately felt, her eyes and mouth pushing gratitude towards him. Then she blew him a kiss.
Percy’s appetite faded. Feeling mostly confused, the one thing he did understand was that whatever was happening could no longer be ignored. The four women were talking together, and he could see that one of them was trying to find the courage to come over. Giggling, the others were encouraging her. Percy took the opportunity of cover, provided by a crowd of young men and women who were walking by, and slipped away amongst them.
He felt cornered, as if no part of his life was free and easy; a man stuck between difficult decisions. On the one hand he could give Sal what she so obviously wanted, and go home to England. It would suit her very nicely to have him out of the picture. She could create a new world order in which she had never been deceitful, where she could resurrect herself as a creature of principle without Percy there to remind her that she was not. And Art was in England, which was a bonus. Also, Art’s sister lived far away from Percy’s home turf, which was more than a bonus; it was essential. Vivid images filled his thoughts. Winter. Dark nights; the freshness of cold air clean against his face; crisp frost; cosy fires; warm beer and soggy chips soaked in vinegar. And what of the long evenings and bright mornings of summer; the lightness of the air, the surprising burn of an unexpectedly scorching day; cool hard sand under hot feet. There was a lot to be said for going back. But did he want to give Sal what she wanted? Especially when, aside from the craziness, Singapore made him as happy as he had been anywhere. Here, there was no rushing from house to car while bitter winds nailed icy drops into flaky-dry skin. There was never a dank, grey, drizzle, heaping one gloomy day after another upon ever-soggy heads. Here, the jungle climate seemed to insulate the nation in more ways than one; it was a safety blanket embossed with the reassuring words that everything would be okay. And there were no wasps; at least, not the annoying sort.
Percy had not yet decided if he really needed everything to be okay. Certainly, he did not feel to be the man he was when he’d first arrived. The man who shunned what he could not easily understand was long gone. New words and accents, foods and traditions, had not presented him with a challenge for some time. And what actually constituted okay? He had grown used to his environment, as anyone might, but by giving up the fight against being here he had also opened his mind to change.
When Sal had shattered his world, she had inadvertently pushed him to better himself. The subsequent repairs did not hide the unhappiness he had suffered; the fractures were obvious for all to see, enhancing the man. Kintsugi; the Japanese art of fixing pottery with lacquer and gold; the event of breaking merely part of the journey, and revealed as beautiful. A celebration. Percy was mended with ugly outbursts and beer, but the principle was the same.
Without exception, jungle walks and strolls in the Botanic Gardens had left him feeling both fascinated and fulfilled. He had always been interested in nature, and in coming to Singapore, unexpectedly found himself somewhere green and interesting. England was also green and interesting, or course, but in a different way; a way he would never tire of but knew well. Singapore was still fresh and new. The only drawback, as far as Percy could work out, was that Singapore was not a place to find oneself a figurehead advertising a new religion. 
29. CRAYFISH TAKES ON CRAB
 ‘This will be my treat,’ Art’s sister asserted. ‘Honestly, you’ve looked after us so well that I want to thank you. We’ve eaten your food and used your facilities, and you’ve paid for everything. It’s the least we can do.’ She was watching as her daughter stabbed a piece of raw beef with a chopstick.
‘Don’t do that,’ Percy said. ‘It’s rude.’
She stabbed another, eyebrows raised, lips pursed. Her focus, Percy noticed, remained on the meat.
‘She’s fourteen,’ said her mother.
Percy couldn’t recall asking for her age, but refrained from saying as much. ‘Well, that’s alright then,’ he said. 
The judgemental tone hit its target, and Art’s sister told her daughter not to do it. Percy could see it would have no effect. It was half-hearted, a parent feeling under duress and going through the motions rather than trying to fix a situation. Frankly, Percy pitied her. He was tired of the dour half-child, too. He had almost made good his escape from Universal Studios, but was spotted coming out of the gents’ lavatory near the exit, in a twist on the airport saga. Art’s sister had apologised for losing him while partly telling him off, as if he were three years old, and then dragged him back into the heart of the place where he was then forced onto every ride not yet endured. Art’s sister was brilliant at coercion, Percy recognised, using an extraordinary combination of tactics. If it were possible to win a war not only through force and humiliation, but also wide-eyed patronising praise, then she would easily make General. Why, then, could she not manage her own child, he wondered?
Percy was sitting opposite them both, the three tucked into a booth at a Korean Barbeque restaurant in Vivocity shopping mall, after what had become a long day. They could have taken a seat with a view looking back across the water to the lights of the theme park and Sentosa, but Percy wanted to forget it ever happened. Having eaten nothing since breakfast, he’d been utterly starving by the time they’d left the park, and suggested a meal. He hadn’t eaten at this particular restaurant since he’d broken up with Sal. Aside from hunger, no emotion of any significance had been prodded into life upon his return.
An exquisite idea had come to Percy while standing on the Sentosa Express monorail train, heading to Vivocity. He’d watched a scene unfold and realised something must be done about the girl. The diva, more lately thought of as a hellhound, had accused her mother of spoiling the day. Precisely how she had spoiled it wasn’t clear, perhaps even to the fiend herself. What was obvious, however, was that she was finding the heat almost unbearable, and instead of heeding Percy’s advice by making a conscious choice not to think about it – therefore taking the first simple step towards coping – she moaned. She let it drag her down, as a hot and soggy woolly jumper. Like her mother, she was a relentless sort, never taking the silence offered as a means of moving on. Presumably frustrated, Percy witnessed the hellhound elbow her mother brutally, while her mother resolutely ignored the attack. The idea seemed to come on a shaft of heavenly light, which was in fact them arriving at the station.
Now, watching beef sizzling on the hotplate, and absently rearranging the array of meats and prawns to go on next, Percy was biding his time. Soon, Art’s sister would have to go to the bathroom. He’d noticed that she tended to go every half an hour, which was surprisingly annoying. When she was safely out of earshot, Percy would begin on his plan.
‘How long? I’m hungry?’ came the careless sombre drawl of the teenager.
‘This bit is ready,’ Percy said, off loading some beef onto her plate. 
She stared at it.
‘Use some lettuce to wrap it in. And there, look, use those condiments, too,’ Percy instructed. ‘One is garlic, I think. And this one looks like crispy onions or something.’
Her shoulders sagged. She didn’t like lettuce.
Percy shrugged, and pointed out that he hadn’t liked Universal Studios.
‘Oh you did! You loved it!’ Art’s sister corrected. ‘You were grinning from ear to ear. Art warned us that you rarely smile, but not to be fooled. You seemed very happy in there, I can tell you. You’re a fraud, Percy Field. And a monkey.’ She assessed the selection of food. ‘Mmm. Yum! Looks delish. And great for you, Percy, with your tummy.’
‘I’m sorry?’
‘Gluten. There isn’t any.’ She smiled a satisfied smile, as if it were she herself who had arranged the meal this way. ‘Goodness, I am so ravenous I almost feel unwell. Perhaps we should have eaten at Universal Studios.’ She smiled at Percy, ‘We weren’t hungry then though, were we?’
Percy passed her a rectangle of cooked beef, browned to perfection. ‘Here.’
‘No thanks. You have this one. I need the loo.’ She slid out, and wandered off.
Her daughter did not look up. She was busy removing the soft green leaf of the lettuce from the paler, stiff stalk.
Using chopsticks, Percy turned some meat on the hotplate in the centre of the table. ‘You don’t need to do that,’ he remarked, nodding to the surgery she was performing.
‘I want another coke.’
‘I want you to stop doing that to your lettuce.’
She stopped shredding as a waiter appeared. Percy ordered her drink, and a bottle of red wine for himself and Art’s sister. When they were once more alone, Percy set down the chopsticks and clasped his fingers together under his chin, elbows resting on the table. 
‘You know,’ he said, looking at her with as much intensity as he could muster, ‘your Uncle Art told me something about you. Something good.’
‘What?’
 ‘And there’s the problem. I promised not to tell.’
Her gaze immediately rose to meet his. With eyes thickly made up with black eyeliner, she looked to Percy like a species of big cat.
‘It wasn’t so much about you,’ he added, ‘but what your Uncle Art hoped he might do for you.’
‘Like what?’
Percy screwed up his nose. ‘Actually, I shouldn’t have said anything. It’s meant to be a surprise, or a secret. Whichever. It is a nice thing, though; just so you know.’ He smiled, and visibly weighed up a thought. ‘It’s a sort of secret surprise. It all has to work out okay first, so there’s no point going into it now. Not really. Sorry for bringing it up. I am sure you’ll do the right thing. It’ll work out.’
‘What will?’
‘You and your mum.’
‘What about me and mum?’
‘I’ve said enough. I shouldn’t have mentioned it.’ Percy took a small leaf and rolled it up before popping it into his mouth. ‘This lettuce is pretty good,’ he said, munching.
The teenager seemed to accept the situation by saying nothing and poking at a dish of vegetables.
Percy paused before continuing, sensing she was waiting for more, regardless of the bored expression she’d manufactured. ‘I guess I could tell you the secret,’ he said, eventually. ‘It might help you get the surprise.’
‘Get the surprise?’ Her mood lightened. ‘What do I get?’
‘Five hundred pounds.’ Percy had originally planned on one thousand, but experienced a last minute change of heart. Art wasn’t working at the moment.
She choked a laugh. ‘Five hundred pounds? No way!’
‘Yes way. Five hundred pounds. Art wants you to be good. He wants you to behave. More than that, he wants you to have a great time. He thought that if he asked you to be nice to your mum, then you might do it, especially if you thought there was a reward at the end of it. But then he decided that a girl shouldn’t need bribing just to be pleasant, it sends the wrong message apparently, and so he’s not going to tell you. If you’re good then you’ll get it as a surprise.’
‘Whoa!’
‘Don’t tell your mum, okay? Not ever. Mums don’t like to think their own children are pretending to be nice. They like to think they are actually nice, which is rarely the case. No telling. Promise?’
‘Promise. I won’t tell her.’ Her brow furrowed. ‘But why should I do what he wants?’
‘What the fuck is wrong with you? You don’t want five hundred pounds? Weren’t you listening? Bloody hellfire! Don’t you like your Uncle Art, or something? It can’t be worth losing five hundred quid over. God, I wish I hadn’t told you now. I was only trying to give you a chance.’
‘Yeah I like him. Who doesn’t? He’s funny. Not like you. I was just asking. Calm down.’
‘Shush. Your mum’s coming. As I said, she doesn’t know and nor should she. Absolutely no telling, okay? Mum is very definitely the word.’
‘So I can’t mention anything? Not even the money?’
‘Of course not! Why would you mention the money? The money is the whole point!’ Percy stared at her; surely most kids weren’t this stupid? ‘If you want the five hundred then be nice and say nothing. Simple as that. Just do as Art wants and it’ll be yours when you get home. No more crap, okay? And no more hitting.’
‘I didn’t hit.’
‘What do you call elbowing your mother, then? Yes, I saw you.’
‘Fine. If I am nice I get five hundred pounds. No hitting.’
‘Exactly. Remember, your mum isn’t to know anything. And whatever you do, don’t say a word to Art before you get home. You’ll blow the whole thing.’
The girl looked as if there was a bad smell in the room. ‘Tell Uncle Art? Why? He’s not one of my mates.’
‘Whatever. Just don’t.’
‘It starts on the plane.’ It was a statement. The girl was already bargaining.
‘Oh no. No, no, no, no. It starts right now.’ Percy looked her in the eye. ‘You can’t bend these rules. Behaving equals money; misbehaving equals nothing except a disappointed uncle and a crap trip for you.’
‘And if I don’t start right now?’
‘Then I’m telling Art I told you. Right. That’s it now. No more talk. She’s here. Remember, keep your eye on the prize.’
‘Eye on the prize,’ she repeated.
Art’s sister slipped back into her seat. The girl glanced at Percy, and he nodded encouragement.
‘Hello,’ the girl said, addressing her mother. ‘Nice wee?’
After a pause, in which the mother stared for a good five seconds, she said, ‘Yes. Thank you.’
‘Good,’ the girl’s gaze met Percy’s once more. 
‘We were just talking about how good the food is here, weren’t we?’ he said.
‘Yes,’ she agreed.
‘You’re particularly enjoying the lettuce, aren’t you?’ He saw the flicker of a scowl. ‘Isn’t that what you were saying?’ 
‘Really?’ her mother said. ‘I thought you hated it?’
Percy placed several pieces of meat onto Art’s sister’s plate.
‘I like this sort,’ the girl said, touching the lettuce leaf with the tip of a finger.
‘She loves it,’ Percy said. ‘Here, have some more.’
The girl took another leaf, and stuffed it into her mouth. She looked so comical that Percy laughed, despite himself. Then her mother laughed, followed by genuine laughter from the hellhound herself. 
At that moment the drinks arrived, and tension gave way to an easier mood. Percy felt satisfied at last. Here he was eating food he loved with two people who were no longer bickering; two people he would soon be free of. Though he had not enjoyed having them to stay, he had found pleasure in hearing other people moving about the house. On the surface of it, he longed for them to go, but inside he detected the same uneasy feeling that had skulked about him for some time after Sal’s departure; an unsettling sense of unease. It was almost as if having been reminded of what it was to have company, he’d been left feeling reluctant to be on his own again. 
The greatest satisfaction he had drawn from the visit, however, was the revenge he had wreaked upon Art. He drew a large mouthful of wine, and smiled. He’d make sure that Art knew what was coming, of course; though unlikable, the girl was an innocent. But he would wait until everyone was safely returned to British soil before revealing what he had done. It was perfect: Art’s sister and daughter would now have a more enjoyable trip than they might have endured and the hellhound would be five hundred pounds better off. Art would certainly pay up. And he, Percy, could lounge in the comfortable arms of satisfaction, imagining Art’s expression when his sister’s account of the miraculous change in her daughter’s behaviour matched perfectly with Percy’s admission. 
30. THANK GOD
The message resembled the text Norm had sent when Percy was tricked into meeting him at Bread Chat, words that had left Percy curious, but without any inkling of what lay ahead. Not that the ensuing chase could have been foreseen.
Again Percy was sitting on his bed, this time thinking how pleased he was to have the house to himself once more. Art’s sister was not a bad sort, he’d concluded after three torturous days. When they had said goodbye and Percy suggested the daughter was an escaped laboratory experiment, she had laughed, saying again that she could see why he and Art were friends. What had struck Percy was that she hadn’t asked him to define which experiment the child had escaped from, and this had warmed his view of her. Until then, he’d refrained from directly insulting her daughter because he could see it would only add fuel to an already hot fire, which would mean ever-heated arguments and even greater intrusion. Mother and daughter were not getting along; mother wondering what it was she had bred, or what alien force now possessed her once blameless baby. While he had not insulted, neither had Percy praised, a damning of the teenager akin to admiring a picture frame whilst ignoring the painting. But the Korean Barbecue meal had gone some way to bridge relations, and under the influence of a bribe, the daughter quite readily revealed her more amiable self. Percy recognised the irony in showing a better self only when paid to do so, but at least it proved this other side existed.
The resemblance between Norm’s first text and the last did not extend to the location. Rather than Bread Chat, Norm suggested The Tired Turtle. This combination of Norm and The Tired Turtle made no sense, and so again, Percy’s curiosity lured him in. This time, however, he went with an added sense of foreboding.
Percy was first to arrive. It was lunchtime, and the place was empty with the exception of a few businessmen who’d popped up from somewhere or another and were eating lunch over a pint, reminding Percy of England. Percy sat where he often did, outside on a high stool and table with a view of Sixth Avenue. It was not a road of particular consequence, such as might be used in a movie. Close to the bar, near the junction with Bukit Timah Road, Sixth Avenue had no hustle and bustle of any note, though more than could be found less than a mile away, up at the junction with Holland Road. But life did roll by at varying speeds, the shifting pace of haste or languor sustaining Percy’s interest. Occasionally, a face he knew might walk past, or look out from a car queuing at the traffic lights. More often than not, he saw no one he knew. 
Today the traffic was slow. Percy thought there was possibly an accident somewhere. It wouldn’t take long for cars to squeeze by the mess and get the flow going once more. He’d seen for himself that no one would stop to help. Percy had been travelling in a taxi when two cars collided next to him, one slamming into the side of the other after failing to give way. Percy had gasped, face almost pressed to the window. The only remark the taxi driver made had nothing to do with the crash.
‘I know you. You mess in my taxi before. No shitting, huh?’
Percy had wondered for some time how it was that he ended up with the same driver over and over again. There were at least twenty-eight thousand cabs on the road, according to a person he’d rather not think of. He and this driver had been through the no shitting thing so many times Percy suspected that he must now be joking. Reflected in the rear view mirror, however, were almond eyes seemingly devoid of humour. The cab kept going, the accident someone else’s problem.
Percy sipped a bottle of beer and settled to thinking about Norm, planning to leave if he arrived in the company of anyone else. He would make an exception for Cocoa. Or Verity. After ten minutes or so, Norm appeared. He was alone, not even the dog dragging him along.
‘Percy,’ Norm said, pulling up a barstool. ‘How are you?’
A sense of apprehension was already growing. Percy decided to play it cool. ‘Norm. Can I get you something to drink?’
‘White wine please.’
‘White wine?’
‘White wine.’
‘Any in particular, or is white your favourite of all the wines?’ Art had made this joke, about red wine. Percy had stolen it. He thought it might help settle the unease. It didn’t.
Norm’s smile was mild. ‘Any. Prosecco will do.’
Percy ordered Norm’s drink. ‘So what brings you here?’
‘Verity is pregnant.’
Even Percy’s default response of ah, would not come. He waited for Norm to continue, and when he didn’t, decided the only way forward was to congratulate him.
‘It’s not mine.’ Norm said. ‘But thank you.’
‘Well, of course not,’ Percy stuttered, without thinking. 
‘Of course not?’
‘You and Vee, well… I dunno… I mean… do you? You are…’ Percy shrank into himself, longing for the ground to open up and swallow Norm, since, in all fairness, Percy had got to the bar first.
‘Not often. No,’ Norm said, seeming to have deciphered Percy’s meaning; the suggestion that he and Verity did not engage in sexual intercourse, ‘but occasionally. You know how women can be.’
Stumped for words, Percy could only look on silently. This was not a sentiment he had expected Norm ever to express. 
‘She is my wife,’ Norm added.
A horn sounded. It was such an unlikely event that both men turned. Though the city was filled with traffic, the beeping of a horn was a rare occurrence.
‘Who is that?’ asked Norm.
Percy recognised the driver as Amanda’s husband. He was waving and smiling at Percy, whilst looking embarrassed to have drawn attention to himself. Why he had felt the need to say hello in this way, Percy couldn’t imagine. He recalled the last time he had seen the man, at the party thrown for Kristen. He’d got so drunk that he’d pulled out his kid’s karaoke machine and sung love ballads to his wife, until a neighbour complained. Then he’d sung one to her.
‘A guy from my condo. I don’t really know him.’ Percy took a moment before continuing. Could he change the subject from Verity, or would that make Norm want to discuss it more? Percy wanted the whole topic finished with. But what would they talk about, now Norm had delivered such immense news? Silence drove him to speak. ‘So how pregnant is she? It’s hard to tell at first, isn’t it?’ Percy’s pulse was raised, and it took effort to keep his breathing steady.
‘Why, because she is fat?’ Norm said, face straight.
‘No. Because…’ Percy then realised he didn’t know if what he’d just claimed was even true. ‘I don’t know. It just is.’
The arrival of Norm’s drink interrupted them. The waitress placed the flute of fizzy on the table.
‘A toast, perhaps?’ Percy said, lamely.
Norm did not pick up his drink. ‘The baby can’t be mine. We thought we’d check, because… well… Verity has had other partners, if you know what I mean.’ A cheerless look washed over his face, ‘I have no wish to go into detail, but I have since discovered that I cannot be the father, because I cannot be a father,’ he lowered his eyes, and smiled feebly, ‘Verity said I must have had mumps as a boy. I have no idea if I had mumps. Or measles or anything else.’ Eyes glistening with the hint of tears, Norm’s mouth retained a weak smile. Suddenly, he took a sharp breath, and gathered himself. ‘So you see, Percy, the one thing I always wished for happened, and was then taken from me.’
All Percy could do was look at Norm’s face. He stared at it, reading the anguish but also searching for information. Of all the terrible things Percy had done in his life, sleeping with a friend’s wife was the worst. He dared to ask the question. ‘So whose is it?’
Norm laughed mildly and the sadness seemed to fade. He then looked a little harder at Percy and chuckled; it appeared to be a genuinely friendly gesture. Percy relaxed. There was not even a trace of accusation in Norm’s face, nothing to say he was about to punch anyone, assuming Norm ever did such a thing. The expression he held now was almost serene, as if the coming change in his life had elevated him.
‘It doesn’t matter, not when it comes down to it,’ Norm said. ‘I can be a father in a way that actually counts. And now I know that I can never be one, biologically I mean, things aren’t perhaps as bleak as they might seem. Where would things have ended up, had this not happened? For one thing, I would never have known that I can’t have what I’ve always wanted, and maybe one day I would have become resentful of Verity. I might have ended up blaming her for denying me a child. Over the years I have always justified it, thinking having a family should be what we both want. And I suppose it should be. But what we have now… what has happened… well, I can’t help thinking that in the circumstances, this is the best outcome.’ He knocked a light fist against Percy’s forearm. ‘Of course, in some ways, it is the very best outcome. It was meant to be.’
It was a shock to hear Norm, or anyone, smooth over something so profoundly difficult with such optimism. ‘You don’t seem bothered. Some people would be livid.’
‘Some people would be more than livid, Percy. It would end their marriage. Our marriage is different. I have never begrudged Verity her private moments, so I can hardly complain at the fruits of them, can I?’
‘I didn’t know you wanted to be a father.’ 
‘Always. Verity’s never been keen. She enjoys her independence. And her job, of course.’
‘So what will she do?’
‘Do?’
‘Once the baby comes.’
A broader smile grew on Norm’s face, ‘I shall be a full-time father. And love it. I can’t wait. This child marks a new beginning, a new chapter. It’ll be wonderful.’ He sighed, ‘Do you know what, Percy? And this is absolutely true.’
‘What?’
‘I am so happy.’
For all the nonsense that surrounded their friendship, Norm was a good man, perhaps the best Percy had known. He felt more pleased for him than he had anyone. As they talked, Percy was aware that Norm did not mention Following, but neither did he give any suggestion he no longer believed in it all. While his admiration for Percy remained apparent, he wanted to talk babies. This said everything he needed to know about Norm, Percy thought.
‘Look at that,’ Norm said, pointing to a maid walking by with a traditional pram, large spoked wheels and chrome frame polished and gleaming. Instead of black or navy, the canvas hood and cot were pure white. A lacy white parasol shaded the interior. ‘I’ve never seen one like that before.’
‘Is that what you’d like?’
‘No. I do want something nice, but it needs to be practical. Something I can take all over the place. Three wheels probably. You can get these pram-pushchair-baby seat contraptions, apparently. You know, all in one. And all terrain. Maybe we could join you on some of your nature walks, Percy?’ he grinned. ‘Wouldn’t that be great?’
‘Maybe. Have you told Joyann yet?’
‘Yes. She was thrilled.’
As talk naturally turned from Norm’s astonishing news to Joyann, Norm remarked that he thought Joyann would be absent for some time. He had made a second visit to the dog boutique because Cocoa needed some soft shoes due to a corn, and there the manager had informed him that Joyann was away indefinitely. 
‘That’s really why I called her. She said her mother was not good at all. She’s moved Lucas to be with her, so he’s going to school from the other side of the island. Sounds difficult.’ Norm checked his watch. ‘I don’t have much time, unfortunately. I need to be back for Verity. I said I would cook us something special for an early dinner, and I haven’t bought anything yet. I thought I’d head over to the Tekka market and see what fish they have. Come if you’d like to.’
‘Isn’t a little late for fish? Won’t they have sold out?’
Norm was unfazed by Percy’s doubt, and said he thought not. He stood up, leaving his warming prosecco entirely untouched. ‘Coming?’
‘To Little India to go shopping for fish I am not going to eat? Really tempting Norm, but no thanks.’ Percy was satisfied with the pitch of his sarcasm, because Norm laughed.
‘Put like that I can see you might prefer to stay here and drink beer, Percy. Though you could join us, if you’d like to? For dinner. No? Okay. I’ll see you soon.’
As Norm made to leave, Percy asked, ‘Aren’t you in the least bit curious as to who the father is?’ If Norm wasn’t then Percy certainly was. Sex with no strings attached was the agreement, but who else might be poking around where he himself had been rummaging was surely an important thing to know. It was surprising enough to discover that Norm was an occasional visitor, without finding there were more.
Norm squinted a little, as if realising that he and Percy had been talking at cross-purposes. ‘Of course we know.’ His white teeth gleamed, blue eyes bright beneath snowy hair. ‘I didn’t ask you to meet me for the sake of it; though you know how I enjoy our chats, and we don’t have enough. It’s you, Percy. Did you not understand that?’
‘What is me?’ What the hell was Norm saying?
‘You are the father.’
‘Uh… hang on. You didn’t say that. You said…’
‘I didn’t think I needed to. I didn’t want to embarrass you. I thought you might feel uncomfortable with the fact that you have been sleeping with my wife.’ Though his words were direct, still nothing about Norm’s expression suggested animosity.
Percy felt as if a rock had been tossed into his stomach, and it wasn’t Norm’s gracious acceptance that had put it there. A baby. This was the very last thing Percy wanted in his life.
‘Percy,’ Norm said, ‘I thought you understood.’ His face suddenly changed, a darker look than Percy had ever seen. ‘You don’t want to be part of it, do you? I mean, if you do then…’
‘God no! No. I do not what to be part of it. No.’
‘Good.’ Norm turned away. A final goodbye was followed by an invitation, ‘You should come to the temple sometime. See what it’s all about. You carry such a huge burden with you, on behalf of us all. We would like very much to share in it. You have given me a wonderful gift, Percy. Allow me to give you one back.’
Epilogue. THE BIGGEST MIRACLE
There were many alleged miracles for which he was celebrated, but of which Percy knew nothing. The few original miracles had become something of legend, spoken about with a reverence due to any great wonder. Occasionally, he had the misfortune to have one happen in his presence, leaving Percy the miracle-worker bewildered as ever. In deciding to remain in Singapore, he knew he had accepted uncertainty, but this didn’t make it any easier to bear.
The only absolute clarity Percy could find, in the haze of rumour that surrounded him, was how impossible it was to refute even a single word without making matters worse. Whatever he said, it became twisted; whatever he did, reports were distorted. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t win. Ignoring Following encouraged pursuit; communicating seemed to advocate faith; hiding only made them want him more.
Following had become an unstoppable machine. It commended itself on extreme non-prescription, twisting Percy’s denials and using his lack of instruction as proof of God telling all through him that Man should find his own way. It seemed the more unenthusiastic, aloof, disrespectful, and disengaged Percy was, the more his followers adored him. 
But he did not use this as he might have. The old self, the person who had never been broken hearted or felt lost in his own life, would have been wise enough to set Following against itself. He would have recognised that by simply creating principled guidelines he could sever adulation at its root. Nothing deflects the gaze of an anarchist like direction. 
The Percy Field he had become, edged with vulnerability, evermore isolated and occasionally touched with doubt, was instead beginning to view being God’s envoy as the equivalent to knotted sheets; it was precarious, but a means of rescue from a life in which he could find no comfort. Peeking into a world where he was someone to be revered, where he was never wrong, was tempting. It surely could not hurt to look. So it was that one evening he found himself inside Hester’s temple room.
The room was airy as it could be, given the number of people crammed inside. Percy was struck by the whiteness of the place, though seeing his own image in such great scale was most startling of all. He stared in dismay at the mass of smiling faces as they turned to him. Was he mad, he questioned, to come? Of course, change facilitates change. If it hadn’t been for the strange miracles; for the bereaved boy and his furless bag of bones touching Percy’s heart; for Kristen leaving too soon; for Joyann’s absence; for Verity; for Sal splintering his spirit; for the constant supplicating conviction of others; for the emptiness; he never would have entertained the idea. But was it sufficient to justify what he was about to do? Was this great catalogue of change reason enough? Yes. He decided it was. Additionally, he had already benefitted from his move towards acceptance, and eaten three very nice meals paid for by someone else.
Hair now growing long about his ears, chin revealing traces of stubble, Percy stood for a moment, mesmerised. Never before had so many people shown such pleasure at the sight of him. As he surveyed the crowd, so silence began to creep amongst them, closing mouths and opening ears as it drifted by. Soon the sound of a chopstick clacking to the ground was all that could be heard, that and Hester’s hissed rebuke at whomever it was that dared bring food into the sacred room. Hester had taken up position in her chair, near the doorway. 
Percy looked on in wonder and panic; worshippers looked back in hope. The space was filled corner to corner with the most eclectic mix he had ever seen, Hester’s temple room jammed with more people than Percy would normally speak with over the course of an entire year, including The Discussion Group meetings, new and old alike.
What was he supposed to say, he wondered. What did they expect? It would be far easier if a believer asked him something, and instigated a dialogue. Percy racked his brain. This was unexpected. He had thought they would speak first. But the crowd was not for speaking. 
In his mind’s eye, he trawled through films and books he’d read, searching for images he had seen in shops and on trains and buses, anything he could steal an idea from. In the movies they did the same thing, but in the movies there was more than the protagonist’s own face from which to find inspiration. Percy strained to summon up one interesting thing to say. 
Then it came to him. Even coming from a cynical misery, a vaguely amusing story might break the ice.
He coughed nervously, sensing the expectation growing amongst his flock. ‘I was at a theatre the other day,’ he began, truthfully. He paused. His voice was louder than he’d expected. He lowered the volume. ‘And whilst there, I observed a sign indicating prohibited items. They were symbols. You know the sort. Pictures with a red line struck through.’ He felt a little tension rising inside and fought to control it. The faces before him were eager. ‘One picture was of a glass of wine, another a sandwich. Also there was a cigarette, and a dog…’ he paused again, this time for effect, ‘… and there was also… a flower.’ He stopped. They were meant to laugh. He’d said a flower. He was talking about the theatre. A flower. Theatre. No one even smiled. He said it again.
Still no one laughed. Instead, astonishment rippled. He realised that not a single person felt prohibiting flowers to a theatre audience was remotely funny. He assumed from the return to absolute silence that expectations had increased, realising that whatever he now said, his humorous tale of pot-plants was dead. But it was too late to think of anything else. His neck became cold with impending exposure as he pressed on.
‘I was so astounded that I asked an attendant what it meant. After looking at me as if I were joking, she said very coolly, “It means you cannot take flowers into the auditorium, sir.” Imagine my surprise,’ Percy appealed, ‘“Even pot plants?” I asked. “Even pot plants,” she replied. She didn’t smile.’ Looking about him, Percy wondered if it might be a good time to run. ‘So I said, “What? In case it gets rooted to the seat? Or in case it soils the seat?”’
The room seemed to hold back the united breath of its occupants. Percy longed to be dead.
‘I was being facetious of course,’ he continued, desperately, ‘it was obviously one of those Singapore oddities, like being asked if you’ve had breakfast or lunch or whatever. I tried to get more from her, but that was all she would say.’ Percy examined the faces before him, and spoke his mind with a huge sigh, ‘Sorry to any locals present, but it’s a bit weird, don’t you think?’
There was a fractional moment when it seemed to him the entire world had simply stopped, and then one by one faces bloomed like flowers themselves, heads nodding, hands clutching chests, fingers pressed to lips. The Prophet had come to them and issued a message, an illustration to decipher. Voices rose, until Percy, overwhelmed by the reaction, felt he could slip away. He may have shifted his mindset in regard to his own role, but he remained intolerant of the folly of others. He always felt that nothing could make the inherently stupid worthwhile, and this bunch, he was sure, were idiots.
Outside on Hester’s veranda, Percy soaked up the warm night air with relief, a soothing balm. Exhaustion wracked him, the tension that was now slipping away taking the last of his energy with it. He could hear the session inside continuing, a new speaker dissecting his words, while others called out. He had come to the meeting partly because of change, and partly because he could no longer find an excuse to stay away. But most of all, the sense of treading water with his nose just below the surface was unbearable. Already it seemed he had made a good decision. Even though his story had been misunderstood and the people before him made him cringe he actually did feel a little better. He was valued.
Davina appeared and placed a fresh green coconut on the table, long straw poking from the cut lid, inviting Percy to drink.
‘Thank you. Don’t suppose you have any beer?’
She grinned, and moved to take the coconut.
‘Leave it. I’d like both,’ he said. ‘How are you getting on? I hear your aunt has gone home.’
Davina smiled and nodded, passing Percy a long handled spoon before retreating.
Somewhere nearby a nightjar started its clunking call, hollow wood tapping on hollow wood. Bats swooped in and away from the veranda lights, effortlessly snatching at flying insects. For those invertebrates landing, drawn too close to the glowing bulbs, waiting geckos pounced. Amongst this feasting, Percy tucked into his young coconut, quickly sucking up the refreshing milk before consuming all the soft white jelly he could scrape from inside. He had almost finished by the time Davina returned with a can of Tiger beer and a glass.
‘Keep the glass,’ he said.
She pulled the tab and handed him the open drink, before turning to leave.
‘Wait,’ Percy said, ‘I have a question.’
Davina looked at him, waiting as instructed.
‘What do you think of it all? Of me?’
Her face did not change. She stood and thought for so long that Percy assumed she had not understood. He repeated his question, annunciating more clearly.
‘I understand the question, sir Percy.’
‘And?’
‘You have made many people happy. Madam Hester is very happy, her friends are happy too. It is good.’
‘Good?’ Percy repeated.
Davina nodded, her eyes bright and cheerful. 
‘Thanks.’ Percy swigged his drink, as Davina returned to her duties. Things were settling into place in Percy’s mind in a very comfortable manner.
*
Norm was the first to join him after the meeting. Cocoa, who had been lying unseen below the veranda, gambolled over to greet her master.
‘Cocoa!’ Norm reprimanded, ‘There could be snakes down there! Silly girl.’ He ruffled her ears affectionately, before gently stroking the soft brown curls of her coat.
‘Didn’t know it was there,’ remarked Percy.
Norm looked at him. It was a long, admiring stare. The sort of gaze intended to be noticed, and loaded with respect. That Cocoa was demoted to ‘it’ did not matter. ‘No one is at home so she had to come. They loved your speech, Percy. Really, they loved it.’
Percy nodded.
‘I can hardly believe you are here, amongst us, willingly. It is like a dream come true. What do you think about it all, Percy? Your comments earlier, could you explain your thoughts?’
Percy was faced with a problem, one he fully expected but was yet to solve. In accepting his role and therefore effectively assuming leadership of a large group of enthusiastic devotees, he had left himself wide open to unrestrained contact. Their questionable sanity was not the issue. A matter of much greater importance to Percy was under threat: his privacy. His future, he knew, now held forced interaction with the kind of conversation he could not easily control. It would be nothing like the interesting discourse of The Discussion Group of old, something he could take or leave according to whim. There would be relentless questioning.
‘Can I tell you what I think?’ asked Norm, ‘what we concluded. Any flowers would be thrown onto the stage at the end of the performance, and not wanting the mess, the theatre simply banned them.’
‘Ah, of course. I’d assumed it was about allergies.’
Norm, mishearing, continued. ‘I know it was an analogy, although I think metaphor is what you mean. Or maybe not. Simile, perhaps? There’s a difference but I can never remember what it is. Anyway. You were really saying we should expect the performance we have paid for, and not be grateful for a good show as if it were a favour. Yes? Am I right? We should listen to you; we should expect your leadership and we should not be surprised by it.’ Norm beamed.
Percy said nothing.
‘I love your hair, by the way,’ added Norm, ‘long like that. So Prophet. And that linen shirt, it’s just perfect.’ Norm smoothed his own, lemon and short-sleeved.
Percy resisted touching his hair, and silently sipped his beer, the third Davina had issued. There was nothing he felt he could say to Norm, and for a few excruciating minutes the men sat awkwardly in silence.
‘I hear the little orphan boy loves Sinead,’ said Norm, eventually.
Percy smiled politely, ‘He renamed it Kojak.’
‘Sinead is a girl.’
‘His dad’s decision, I heard.’
Norm was puzzled, ‘Dad? I thought he was an orphan. I knew that didn’t seem right. I’ve met him, you know. Outside your house.’
Percy let his head fall back in the chair. His pale blue eyes lifted to the heavens. The sky was a light black with only three stars breaking through the light pollution, a minuscule reminder to the diminutive city-state of the enormity of the universe. The moon, it seemed, had taken the night off. 
The repetitive knocking cry of the nightjar was softened now by distance, the prospect of a better perch drawing the bird away. Percy had once thrown a shoe out of his bedroom window towards a tree containing a noisy nightjar, invisible except for its call. A plastic bottle had followed the shoe, and a bar of soap. But now it seemed a soothing sound, nature drawing near. The bats remained close, constant in their search for food, while the resident geckos held fast until a chance meal triggered a strike.
‘So, Percy, will you perhaps come back to The Discussion Group? We miss you, you know.’
Percy attempted a shrug but his shoulders barely moved.
Norm persevered, ‘I think it is marvellous that you’re here. Such a shame Meera wasn’t here to enjoy it too. It was Meera who first asked you to come. Do you remember? At least Trudy made it.’
Percy remained silent.
‘I was saying to Hester and Trudy that we, the original four, will have to change our name to the dedicated three if Meera doesn’t start showing more interest. She’s probably met a man; you know what people are like. Phrike is number one suspect.’
Percy grunted a little. He was not interested.
Norm continued to chatter away about Meera, the group, Cocoa and her recent corn, and how much she’d liked her shoes. He talked about Davina the not so new maid, and all manner of things, seeming oblivious to Percy’s lack of response. 
Eventually Percy spoke. ‘Norm, just be quiet.’
All Percy heard then were soft footsteps and clacking claws as dog and muted master retreated.

to be continued…

###
About the author

Life has so many possible outcomes. From the simple question what if? a thousand stories can evolve. This is how novelist, Barbara Jaques, finds inspiration, through questions of coincidence, uncertainty, superstition and faith.
Born in a tiny town in Alberta to wandering parents before their return to Bristol, Barbara has also wandered a little, although is now settled in Wiltshire with her family, close to her childhood home.
Barbara is also the author of:
The Cult of Following (Novel) 
Love of Grace & Angels (Novel)
Percy's Progress: The Cult of Following. Book 1 (Novel)
Nathaniel’s Waiting Room (Novel) 
The Front Door (Short Story)
Baggy (Short Story)
Sterling Close (Short Story)
Anita Smith (Short Story)
Waste of Space (Short Story)
The Ring (Short Story)
West of Eden (Short Story)
If you want to receive an automatic email when Barbara’s next book is released, sign up  at www.barbarajaques.co.uk. You will only be contacted when a new book is released, your email address will never be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.
If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review at the bookstore you bought this book from. You don’t have to write much, even a line or two would be a massive help.
SPECIAL THANKS
Thank you Barney and Frank for lying so quietly while I write 
Useful links:
Barbara’s website: www.barbarajaques.co.uk
Barbara’s Facebook page: http://tinyurl.com/jmovllr
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/barbarajaques

Editor: Moz-Walls61@outlook.com
Cover: www.thedesigncooperative.com.au
Formatting: www.elizabethfreemanweb.com
Published by Barbara Jaques at Smashwords
