


Wannabe Cured?


by Simon Beckett


Wannabe Cured
Copyright © 2017 Simon Beckett
Smashwords Edition

The right of Simon Beckett to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

All rights reserved. This is a work of fiction, all names, characters, places and incidents are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to persons living or dead or to actual events is coincidental. No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form electronic or otherwise without express permission in writing from the author.
Prologue

In its heyday the Star of the East was a truly great sight, a sign to the peoples of the world that its occupants had made it to the top of the poll and won every phone vote. Built to take the famous anywhere they wanted to go, it was an ocean going liner of palatial proportions and décor. The Star of the East’s committee of designers lacked the talent and exuberance to make it into the elite society they craved and so they built what would be the biggest, most talked about and, of course, most famous ocean going liner since the Titanic. Not when Titanic was first launched. Oh no, this would be more famous than the Titanic after it sank. The Star of the East was to be more desirable than the sunken Titanic with its three feature films. More widely remembered than the memorable return of the 20th century liner to the surface as part of a publicity stunt promoting waterproof adhesive. The line “if it can lift the Titanic, it can hold your shelves up” became one of the best known phrases throughout the western world.
No expense was spared. The designers were funded by the TV companies, flush with money from telephone voting and product placement. Many of the companies involved in the ship’s construction gave their services for free just to be associated with the project. Their names were still visible, engraved into the hull below the waterline. There was no in-fighting within the committee since everyone got what they wanted and soon the ship outgrew even their expectations, people in their thousands would come to watch the work and see the cranes dancing, the welders spitting fire, the painters painstakingly decorating and finally the fitters, in their immaculate pressed overalls adding the finishing touches to their extravagant masterpiece. Of course they weren’t allowed to see any of the actual work in detail, the documentary producers had insisted on that.
 On the night of its launch, amongst a fanfare of loud, fast paced music, dancing fountains, dancing fireworks and dancing girls and boys the Star of the East slid slowly towards the water line.
On board were three thousand of the world’s most coveted celebrities alongside the film crews, producers and presenters who were making their mark pressing the flesh and creating what they hoped was that one piece of film that would immortalize their names in the annals of TV history. Insulated from the noise outside, the Captain had crowd noise pumped through the ships PA system to ensure they experienced every possible pleasure.
As the water lapped against the bow of the ship the eight designers drew breath, hoping that all their delicate calculations of weight, stress, strength and decoration were accurate. They were the only people to decline their invitation to be on the liner for its maiden voyage, modestly belittling their achievement as the cameras came in for their close up. The ship slid into the water and with a final battery of fireworks the shadowed tug boats pulled it out towards the harbour wall.
It was then that disaster struck.
Furiously the lead designer stumbled to his smartly mounted plans shouting for his juniors to join him. Poring through the figures and fine detail he tried in vain to find his error. The other designers clamoured over the drawings in an attempt to spot the problem before anyone else.
For half an hour George Denny and his team tried desperately to find the fundamental flaw in case they could do anything to right the problem. Eventually George had to resign himself to the fact that he really didn’t know what had gone wrong. He had checked and rechecked his figures, stress tested every material, built model after model until he ran out of clay. Nothing could possibly have been wrong. But still The Star of the East sat outside the wide window overlooking the dock.
George Denny shouted, he screamed, jumped up and down as he wrote in permanent marker on the windows and gestured at his petrified colleagues. Written on the glass were the words “WHY DOES IT FLOAT?”
The boat was supposed to slide gracefully down the launch ramp, elegantly drift into the water, break in two and sink like a stone.
It was to be the most talked about event in history. Every TV station had multiple cameras and hundreds of presenters, many of them actually on board. Everyone would remember where they were when the Star of The East sank before starting its maiden voyage, taking with it thousands of A list celebrities and television presenters.
Of course George and the other designers would never work in their chosen field again. But the point was that they wouldn’t have to. He and his team would make millions off the back of book deals and interviews. Sure, they may have to spend some time in court, even spend some time inside but this would all add to the story. The younger designers had decided that if they seemed horrified and showed remorse for the terrible mistake they had made then George would take the largest part of the responsibility. For a few of them the remorse may even have been genuine. George had been very careful who he picked to help him with the project, strong characters, brave individuals who he could trust with his secret. After all, he was George Denny, renowned designer, responsible for the design of the world famous Speed Lane studios, the redesign of the Abbey Road studios after that tragic (and frankly slightly suspicious) fire at the start of the 2020’s. He had even designed a module for the studios on the International Space Station. With such a high profile it would be horrific for him to be involved in something as controversial as a plot to sink a cruise liner with two thirds of the world’s A list celebrities on board. 
But George already had his book written, kept safely under lock and key just waiting for the perfect opportunity to launch it in a hail of cheerful abusive from the tabloids and mock horror from the public, who would of course buy it in their droves. After all, George knew as did everyone else that there is no such thing as bad publicity, and nothing as good as publicity about something bad.
But now this would never happen. By some freak accident the ship floated, no sign of the built in structural failure they had all been expecting. The junior designers began to look for someone to blame. The shipwrights, they said. Must have got the measurements wrong, gone for a heavier gauge of steel. Or perhaps the steel was stronger than the mills had claimed. It couldn’t possibly be the design. If it was, it certainly wasn’t the bit they had designed, perhaps a flaw in one of the out sourced components?
George Denny sat and watched them considering his next move. Maybe he would get a job on one of the many “restoration” series’ now in vogue on every one of the eighty British TV channels. Not tacky makeover shows but the serious, entertaining restoration of a celebrity’s mansion, or the house where they were born. One thing was for sure – he would make sure he never worked with anyone else in the room again. The project was over, they would collect their measly fee and he would never have to see any of them again.
He comforted himself with the thought that the Star of The East may still sink, hopefully not so far out to sea that the camera planes would not reach it in time. But George was tired, drained from the stress of four years planning, grafting, all topped off with failure. The junior designers comforted him by telling him it could be worse, they could have been rumbled months ago and left with nothing. They kept him in the room talking, right up to the point where thirty of His Majesty’s finest from the Metropolitan Police broke the door down and took him away. George swiftly realised that he had been naïve to trust any of them. What he didn’t know until later was that included most of the suppliers, and the security guards at his offices in fashionable Piccadilly.
It was the greatest result for the Met ever. They and the seven junior designers were to become heroes, having saved thousands of the most important people on the planet.
However even the illustrious Met were unprepared for the real significance of this event. People were genuinely shaken. The small percentage of people who had never subscribed to the Wannabe culture, such as back bench politicians and pure scientists, began their plans to stub out the philosophy that had risked the lives of thousands of people. The era was naturally drawing to a close and the geeks and bookworms were getting ready to hasten its demise.
This revolution would ultimately, amongst other more significant changes of course, see the Star of The East painted in pastel shades inside and out, moored in a quiet part of the Thames and converted to an asylum for those Wannabe’s who could not be easily integrated into the “real” world.
Part One - Truth Dawns

Whirr, clunk.
Clunk, whirr.
Whirr, clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk. 
Once again the disk was ejected from the player, the silver surface reflecting what was left of the cold sunlight, its warmth long gone in the late afternoon. Dust particles drifted up from the floor, caught in the updraught as the disk was struck with a flourish and sent spinning from the weakened tray.
Springing from her chair, the young woman retrieved her one last prized possession, and replacing it carefully in its case returned it to that safest of places, the one place it would never be harmed. Under the mattress, just near the pillow. Not so far under that it could be forgotten, but far enough that it would not be found when the bed was made.
As she lay back on her bunk, she thought about why it held so much meaning, a trinket from a better time when she had been able to dance and sing without being ridiculed. When she still craved fame so badly that she would take any risk, stand in any queue and do anything to get her fix. Well, almost anything, even desperate wannabies had their limits.
It was then that they came for her.
“Time for your treatment, Carly dear”. The voice was softly spoken, despite its threatening undertones. “The doctor says you’ve been doing very well. We’re all very proud of you.”
Carly shivered at the words. They were the words she both craved and dreaded, how could the ward matron be so thoughtless? Evil cow, proud indeed. So proud that they shackled her, pinning her arms behind her back to prevent her displaying her emotions. The bland tunic that left her chest looking flat and the baggy ankle length trousers that didn’t show off her legs to perfection. Her midriff covered so her flat stomach wasn’t on show and her captivating eyes trapped behind goggles to prevent them flashing excitedly and provocatively.
It was the mirrors she hated most. Once her most desired possession they tormented her, reflecting the image of a dowdy jogger, one of those people you see running round the less trendy London parks in a futile attempt to get fit. 
The corridor outside her room was lined by her inescapable reflection as she was escorted past row after row of anonymous cells. She pulled herself up to her full height, pushed her shoulders back and her chest out and flashed her usual secret smile at one mirror in particular. When she was first brought here many months previously she was sure she had seen the shadowy reflection of the cameramen, known among the inmates as the ghosts in the walls. Of course she now knew this was caused by her illness. Paranoia brought on by over exposure and loud, flirtatious behaviour. An illness that she was told had nearly brought about the end of the world.
At just thirty years old Carly figured she had seen the world from every angle. From the age of six her mother, whose real name was Elizabeth but everyone called her Belle, had known that Carly would make her mark on the world, that her outgoing personality and natural home grown charm would endear her to the masses. As an only child of a widowed mother the populace took her to their hearts, first in her home town, then her home country and finally at the age of 15 it took her to the US. It was a strange time, since no one, not even Carly, really knew what she was famous for. She was an A-list version of the “it” girl of the 1990’s, famous for just being alive.
Belle Underwood went everywhere with her, accompanying her on trips to photo shoots, TV recording sessions, radio interviews and inevitably to her drug dealer, where the two of them would coo over the latest designer drug that mother and daughter could share. They shared the highs and lows, the uppers and downers. Carly would proclaim during interviews “My mother is more a sister to me really” when in reality her mother knew she was a lackey – a hanger on living off the success of her daughter.
It was this that led to the lowest point in Carly’s life. Two weeks after Carly’s eighteenth birthday, her mother attempted to commit suicide. Having carefully written a pathetic and sorrowful note, Belle combined just enough cocaine, ecstasy and alcohol to place her unconscious until she was discovered and saved in the nick of time. Unfortunately a combination of her poor grasp of mathematics and the fact that Carly was somewhat late leaving the White House where she had been attending a charity event, meant that when Carly and her ever growing posse returned to their rented riverside apartments her mother was already, literally, stone dead. 
Carly returned to her hometown of Milton Keynes, where her mother was buried alongside her father. Despite the international press being unusually restrained, Carly checked herself into a rehab clinic for some peace and to deal with her drug problem. She refused to check out until the clinic staff were convinced she was purged of all drink, drugs and cravings for chocolate. Two years later, she negotiated a deal to appear in two seasons of the new comedy My Significant Another and finally she was ready to leave. She had not left the walls of the clinic for two years, six months to deal with the drink and drugs and then eighteen months for her new publicist and manager to organise her comeback.
This all seemed so long ago to Carly as she brushed past the final door. She had once again turned full circle, but this time, as she was escorted firmly into the Treatment Room, she was not here for addiction to drink, drugs, or chocolate.

“And that’s about all from us this morning but whatever you do tomorrow morning don’t miss the most exciting program since last week’s Newsnight, The World Today with Richard Dimbleby the Second.”
Alistair clipped the off button with a well aimed slipper. Standing and stretching his legs, he limped to the table waiting for his dead leg to wake up. It was the third time that had happened this week. He wished they wouldn’t put so many of the interesting radio programmes on back to back.
He sat heavily to finish the letter he had been writing to his mother. It was without doubt one of the most boring letters he had ever written, but still Alistair was worried it may be a little over the top. However, he only wrote to his mother once or twice a year so he guessed she would be glad.
Like most children, Alistair had always thought his mother hypocritical. Back in her youth she had mixed it up with the best of them, even appearing on a live broadcast as part of a charity event. Now that things were different she was too, disguising her misspent youth with an excess of news and current affairs programs and studying the Oxford Concise Dictionary of English.
Dictionaries and history books were the latest thing. The latest edition of the Oxford Concise had been at the top of the best sellers list for 2 months and was only toppled by the updated “Another Brief History of Time” which was essential reading for every ten year old in the country.
He allowed himself the flourish of signing his name “Al”, his attempt at individuality. Such behaviour was usually frowned upon but in a personal letter Alistair was sure it was OK. Grabbing an envelope from the bureau behind him he neatly wrote out the address and stuck on a first class stamp. Folding the letter carefully he placed it in the envelope and sealed it, the wax stamp on the back lined up perfectly in the V of the closed flap.
Letter writing had experienced something of a resurgence of late. As the world became a more formal place many of the informal forms of communicating like the telephone and television had suffered. Worries about censorship and monitoring of calls led to the reintroduction of wax stamps on letters, which subsequently had become the preferred method of communication. The postal service had improved greatly as a result with many people now receiving mail up to three times a day. It took less time to get a letter round the world than it did to fly around it. No one quite knew how this worked since airlines still offered the fastest form of travel. Many high profile scientists had spent years working on time and motion studies only to have a colleague disprove their theories at the final hurdle.
Alistair knew that since his writing to his mother was a rare event it merited the letter being sent from a special location. So he decided to forego the pneumatic letterbox built into the frame round his front door and left for the bookshop.

Carly had been sat waiting for the usual ritual of Velcro straps, sensors and bland musak for half an hour. In that time three doctors had arrived, introduced themselves and asked her a number of questions, each one similar to the last but with a slightly different undertone. This was not the normal treatment she received and Carly had become nervous by the time the third doctor had arrived.
Finally a tall bespectacled woman entered the room. Carly recognised her as Anna Jones, the hospital registrar and was relieved to see a familiar face. Although they had only met a few times Carly had warmed to this kind hearted woman who always seemed genuinely sympathetic.
“Carly, I have some good news for you.” Anna’s voice had a smooth resonance that calmed Carly’s nerves. “Doctor Carter and our other specialists have been watching you carefully over the last few weeks. You really have been doing very well.” Anna smiled her special smile, the smile that Carly thought was just for her, a private pact that in time might lead to immense trust.
“Thank you Ms Jones. I’ve been trying really hard and finally I think I understand where my life has been going wrong.” Anna smiled again, warming Carly’s heart with its approval of her words.
“You’ve done more than that Carly. Every member of staff has commented on your willingness to study and the dramatic change in your behaviour.” Carly noticed the subtle change in Anna’s eyes as she adopted a more serious tone. “I’ve come here to tell you that a place has been reserved for you in a shared house, where you can work and live with people who have come to the same conclusion as you have, where everyone understands what you’ve been through and you can all be integrated back into society together.”
Carly’s heart leapt. She had been here on The Star of The East for as long as she cared to remember, her previous life now a blur of misinformation and propaganda which she tended not to dwell on. For years she had waited for the opportunity to leave this place and occupy her mind, to make a contribution that would eventually lead to her forgetting the stigmatism of her previous affliction. Carly was sure that a large part of her problem was the inactivity in the hospital, where study was restricted in the small library and the ill equipped laboratories. She had developed a passion for chemistry, and though she understood perfectly why they weren’t allowed access to the wide range of chemicals that could be used to poison, burn, bleach or otherwise injure oneself she had found this extremely frustrating. Carly was thinking of all the experiments she had planned but ultimately could not complete when Anna’s words broke her train of thought.
“There is one last thing you must do before you can leave.” The serious eyes were still there, accompanied by a wide, worried look that instantly chilled Carly’s warm thoughts. “You must pass the final test to ensure you have dispensed with all the celebrity urges, displays of unnecessary feigned affection, the aspirations to the splendour apparently gained by being proud and self-important.”
Carly was in shock. She had heard of the test from others in the study rooms and around the building. It was the most brutal examination of a person’s psyche that anyone would have to endure in his or her lifetime. When Anna had given her the news she had just assumed that because she was doing so well the doctors had decided to dispense with the final test and allow her to leave.
“Carly?” Anna’s voice once again permeated Carly’s thoughts. “It’s nothing to be worried about. If you are truly as well prepared as we think you are then you will pass the test and leave here almost immediately. If you stay calm and balanced then you will find the test far easier than you may have heard.” Anna smiled that warm smile, and at once Carly was enthused once more. Of course she could do this. She had worked hard, she knew her own mind and there was nothing to be scared of. A test is a test. Carly had endured hundreds of examinations and this was just another carefully constructed trial.

In tears, Carly was escorted back to her room. Back to the prison cell she was clearly doomed to occupy for many years to come. Laying face down on the bed she cried into her pillow no longer caring that her outpouring of emotion may ruin any prospective chances of another try at The Test. She had been doing really well. She had passed the mirror test and the extremely tough personality exam known as the “Bar Test” where specially trained actors engaged her in a variety of conversations on subjects she was very familiar with, while Carly attempted to appear modest whilst correcting blatant errors in their understanding of the chosen topic.
With her confidence boosted Carly reached the final, heartless test.
She had been ushered into a room circled by loose hanging blue curtains with plainly visible suspended lighting. Carly’s heart rate had increased slightly as the door was closed quietly behind her and she surveyed her surroundings. A microphone was located on a stand in the middle of the room, on a raised platform surrounded by chairs. As Carly took a seat in the middle row, music blasted through the quietness. Too easy she smiled to herself. If they seriously thought they would catch her out they were sorely mistaken. She was confused however by the similarity to one of the earlier tests. The music, the microphone, the improvised stage area. All that was missing was the monitor to display the words. Rising to her feet she examined the edge of the stage in detail. There was a screen buried in the floor at a forty-five degree angle. As she hunted for a switch it came to life, displaying a grey, dark background which appeared to be travelling downwards. A strip appeared across the top of the screen and travelled towards the bottom, leading a brightly lit patch. As the screen adjusted to the new light levels Carly felt something sliding up her back. Leaping with a start off the edge of the stage she turned to see a tripod mounted video camera rising out of the floor. Her heart rate quickened. Her face and palms became sweaty as she realised that this was the ultimate test of her resolve. With the music still blaring, she sat quickly in the middle of the third row, eyes closed, concentrating on the tables and formulae that she used in times of stress to calm her nerves.
A voice made her start. “Miss Underwood, please step up onto the stage.” The voice was tremendously loud, easily drowning the sound of the music.
“I have no desire to.” Carly shouted, hoping she could be heard.
“There really is no option. If you don’t step onto the stage, you will fail this audition.”
Audition? That was a word that Carly had not heard for at four years. It roused feelings of desire that she quickly suppressed, remaining seated, working her way through the periodic table. She was in two minds how to view this final examination of her self-will. Was it a test to see if she could be tempted to get on stage in front of the camera? Or was being on stage acceptable, as long as she resisted the urge to perform? Clearly there was a deadlock so Carly decided it was safest to stay where she was until she had more information.
The voice returned, only this time it was vastly different. Gone were neutral tones, the calm persuasive timbre. It had been replaced with a wildly over-enthusiastic voice. So much energy and showmanship, the words it uttered from a bygone era.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome our final contestant, it’s Carly!”
Carly’s ears were shattered by the sound of applause and the cheering of an invisible crowd. As hard as she tried Carly could not block out the multitude of voices, all calling her name and clapping, willing her onto the “stage”, tempting her with promises of fame and celebrity beyond her wildest imaginings. Every part of her body shook as she wrapped her arms round her head as if she was trying to find shelter from a storm. Her feet shuffled on the carpeted flooring underneath the plastic seat, her legs instinctively swaying to the rhythm of the intensifying music. She told herself it was a test, a trick, a ploy to get her to give in to her desire to perform. The years had made her strong and she could resist this. After all, she had passed all the other tests, why should the bright lights, cameras and loud 1970’s music make any difference? Carly felt her resistance growing. She would beat this and make it into the outside world. She was a winner, and there was nothing that the doctors could do to stop her.
Except of course bring out a girl in her mid twenties dressed as a Floor Manager, who took her by the hand and led her to the stage area and handed her the microphone with the words “Go ahead Carly, it’s OK. They’ll love you to bits!”
Every muscle in her body had strained and worked against her, as she burst into what she thought was an unbelievable rendition of Gloria Gaynor’s ‘I Will Survive’, complete with spontaneous inventive choreography and microphone work. 
[ALISTAIRS JOURNEY TO PETERSONS? OPPORTUNITY TO DESCRIBE ENVIRONMENT]
Carly was still gently blubbing into her pillow when Anna Jones arrived. There were no more tears, just a resigned whining permeated by short breaths and dry sniffing.
“Carly?”
Her voice was soft and warm showing a depth of affection which was unusual in these pure disinfected times. Many of the hospital staff were simply here because they weren’t anywhere else, but Anna found it to be a haven away from the hard edged world of scientists and engineers. She had even gone as far as to recently take lodgings within the ship itself, plush quarters that used to be reserved for loud, over-excited A list celebrities. At first she had convinced herself that it was essential she should be close by, and property near the Thames was very hard to come by. Of course eventually the doctors had started to suspect her motive for living on board. Property in the area was actually pretty affordable now that the celebrities, weather girls and children’s TV presenters had given up their penthouse flats overlooking the river. Anna spent a much greater amount of time with the patients than an administrator really needed to. She seemed to bond with them, enjoying the naïve gentleness in them, which frankly the doctors could not be bothered with. She tried to avoid prolonged contact with the residents but in some cases this was just not possible.
Most of the hospital staff thought that if Anna had been a little more impetuous and glitzy then she would be enrolled on the patient list rather than on the payroll.
“Why are you crying?” Anna asked, lifting Carly’s face and looking into her swollen bloodshot eyes. “It’s not all that bad. You did a lot better than many of the staff here thought you would.”
“I still blew it though didn’t I?” Carly wailed, and once more the tears rolled down her face. “I was so close but I just couldn’t stand up there and not do anything. Now I’m going to be stuck here for the rest of my miserable life.”
“ What makes you think that? You do know that the doctors have not made a final decision don’t you?” Anna was surprised that no one had taken Carly through the process. She sighed as she thought of the trouble that would be caused as they tried to find out why the matron had not followed proper procedure. Perhaps she had just assumed Carly would pass all the tests.
Carly stopped snivelling. The quietness that returned to her small cell had an air of hope, which was reflected in Carly’s eyes. “You mean I haven’t failed?”
Anna could see the excitement rising in her face. “Now don’t get carried away, they can still keep you here. All I’m saying is that they are still looking at your performance today to see if a low security placement would be suitable for you.”
Anna held Carly’s soft hands and warmed to the gentle smile on her face. “I’ll be back later, hopefully with some news. Try to get some rest, clean yourself up a bit.”
As she stood up Anna’s hand felt a hard plastic edge under the mattress. Sliding her hand underneath she retrieved the hidden CD, much to the distress of the wide eyed Carly, who clearly thought the game was up. Anna guessed the CD was contraband partly by it’s beaten up cover but mostly due to the fact that it was hidden under the mattress. Turning it over in her hands she shook her head, trying to mask her feelings of pity for how Carly must feel behind a veil of feigned disappointment.
“I’ll take this. Don’t worry, it doesn’t change anything, I won’t let the doctors see it. Everyone has their trinkets and reminders. I will consider this as such.”
Anna swept out of the room, an air of authority hiding her despair at having to confiscate another cherished possession from a patient. Leaving it with her simply wasn’t an option. If any of the orderly’s or, God forbid, Matron were to find it then Carly really would be here for the duration.

There is nothing like having your face stuck in a book. Apart from having your face stuck in a book whilst standing in a bookshop, which is what Alistair was currently doing. 
Peterson’s were the biggest book sellers in the country. As the age of the wannabe had drawn to a close the libraries and book shops had rapidly become the place to be seen, albeit seen from the top of the head since their occupants were most likely to be looking downwards towards a piece of complicated text whenever anyone happened to glance their way. Many book shop dwellers had developed the fine art of moving around whilst reading without bumping into each other, but there were always a few amateur lurkers who really didn’t have the skills to spend a great deal of time around large volumes of literature.
There were a suspiciously large number of these lurkers in Peterson’s on this occasion. Even Alistair noticed this despite having his nose stuck in the new revised version of the Royal Horticultural Society’s “Encyclopaedia of Gardening”. The multi-million pound bookshop conglomerates had long stopped worrying about people treating their premises as though they were libraries. Indeed in a particularly bizarre twist most of the libraries had been shut down some years previously due partly to the fact that everyone was stood in book shops reading all the latest volumes of non-fiction, but mostly due to the alarming rise in the price of both hardbacks and paperbacks. As the popularity of non-fiction grew the only written works that the libraries could afford were fiction. Since fiction books were still seen to be partly autobiographical in nature they were shunned by the masses as a call to celebrity. And so the libraries soon deteriorated, local authorities unwilling to invest significant amounts of money in such an unpopular service.
Alistair looked away from his book, or rather Peterson’s book since he still hadn’t paid for it, barely long enough to locate a store sign and confirm that the travel section was still on the fifth floor, then glanced around again to locate the nearest lift.
Despite having developed the sixth sense that allowed him to move around the bookshop without stumbling around like a Saturday shopper Alistair found the lifts were still a problem. He had never been especially keen on lifts but it was rather difficult, not to mention extremely dangerous, to read whilst walking up stairs.
Entering the lift he groped for the buttons, having turned his attention back to the encyclopaedia and a particularly interesting section on tropical azaleas. The lift did nothing, so he groped around a few more times, pressing the floor buttons at random. Finally the doors closed with that particularly nasty “bong” sound that all lift manufacturers still seemed to prefer and the lift headed towards his chosen destination. A second bong announced the arrival of the lift at its destination and Alistair drifted out of the door into the dimly lit corridor.
Dimly lit corridors were not normal in bookshops, since squinting detracted somewhat from the enjoyment of a good read. As Alistair moved further from the lift it became more difficult until finally he looked around himself to discover he was not on the 5th floor, or at least the 5th floor was not as he remembered it.
Grey floors filled in the gaps between grey walls, which in turn held up grey ceilings. As far as Alistair was concerned this could be perfectly normal since people very rarely paid much attention to the décor of the world which surrounded them, preferring to make restrained judgement of people by the contents of their personal libraries. However something deep in his subconscious told Alistair that this was not right. It was probably the lights, he told himself. Yes, that was it.
As he turned back towards the lift in an attempt to discover which floor he was on, the doors opened and two men in long woollen trench coats brushed past him and quickly shuffled down the corridor. This also struck Alistair as odd because it was thirty four degrees centigrade outside and he imagined they would be far too warm.
Alistair was a curious person. The same deep seated curiosity that meant he could devour vast tomes of political biographies turned his attention away from the Encyclopaedia of Gardening and led him to follow the two men back down the corridor. Remembering the detective movies of his childhood he kept his distance so as not to draw attention to himself, something he utterly failed to achieve, making the two men feel uncomfortable enough to quicken their pace ahead of him, entering the next corridor they came to on their left.
Alistair quickened his pace and followed them round, only to come up against a closed and heavy set door, adorned with a simple push button. Turning back up the corridor he headed back to the lift. This was way too weird for Alistair and he decided to head back to the 5th floor. When he reached the lift he discovered there was no button. He searched the frame, the walls around it and the floor in front of it, but could find no buttons or panels anywhere. Next he searched the remaining corridors for a stairwell or fire escape. Still he found nothing. Left with no choice, he headed back to the secure door in the hope someone would let him out.
His hand shaking, he pushed the button set into the door. A tinny voice emanated from a hidden speaker to his right.
“What are you, some kind of wannabe?”
Alistair was confused. What did that mean exactly? It sounded like a secret question, but Alistair had no idea what the answer could be.
“I said, what are you, some kind of wannabe?” The voice was clearly agitated, or at least the owner of the voice was agitated. Perhaps they were missing their tea.
“Erm, I’m sorry. I was looking for an exit.”
There was a pregnant pause, and then the voice again. This time it sounded really rather annoyed. “What are you, some kind of wannabe?”
Frankly Alistair was now scared, trapped in what he had assumed was some underground stock room, being asked questions as though he was some kind of secret agent. He squeaked the first reply that came into his head.
 “I’m no wannabe, just let me out of here!”
“Password accepted, enter.” The door clicked, and swung open as Alistair pushed against it. He entered another corridor, same dull lighting, same grey walls, floor and ceiling. The familiarity was helped by the fact that the same two over-coated men were stood in the corridor. They looked him up and down then drifted down the corridor exiting through the first door they reached.
Alistair thought it best to hang around a little, but as usual he waited too long and just as he was about to follow them the door behind him clicked open and another man stepped through from the corridor behind. Alistair looked at his own feet, wanting to avoid making eye contact.
“First time?”
The voice was simultaneously gruff and well spoken, like a well educated east end geezer.
“Erm, no not really. I’m quite often here, reading the latest articles” Alistair replied.
“Ah, I meant first time down here?” Alistair looked up at the well dressed man. A cigar hung from the edge of his mouth and Alistair was instantly reminded of a gun slinger in one of those spaghetti westerns his school mates had smuggled into the dormitory at school. The feeling soon passed when he realised that the resemblance ended at the cigar, which was surrounded by a clean shaven moon shaped face, occupied to a great degree by the mans wide smile.
Alistair looked at his feet again and muttered “First time down here, well yes I suppose it is. I must have pressed the wrong button in the lift, I was busy reading you know.”
The man fixed him with an even wider smile and simply said “Yeah, right. Tell you what, since this is your first visit follow me and I’ll show you around. I’m Jim, by the way.”
“Alistair.”
Alistair jumped as the man put a hand round his shoulder and led him down the corridor to the final door. Opening it for him, Jim gestured him into the room.
The lighting was dim, the walls and doors and ceiling, even the carpet, the same shade of grey as the corridor. However Alistair did not notice this. His view was dominated by the wall in front of him, a wall packed with wide plasma display screens. Several of the screens displayed the same scene, although there were subtle differences in colour. Another screen showed a 1980’s style living space, whilst another showed an empty stage area. There were electronic displays underneath each screen displaying room names, and hanging in the centre of the room, illuminated from both sides, were the words “Wannabe Cured”.
“Take a seat.” Jim waved his hand at the last two available seats. “I shan’t be a moment, and today’s highlights are about to start.”

Alistair glanced around at his new companions. They were mostly men, however there were a few women and a few more that looked as though they were neither.
Placing the encyclopaedia on the floor under a chair he sat down. Putting his hand in his pocket he retrieved the letter he had intended to post. He stood up again, took a few steps towards the door, then changed his mind and sat down again. Alistair liked to think his resolute curiosity had made him stay and find out what happened in these dark rooms, but in fact he had seen Jim returning through the door and was too scared to push past him to leave.
As Jim sat down next to him the room was plunged into total darkness, the screens flickering as they were reconfigured as one huge screen.
“Hopefully they’ll do the usual round up of the weeks events first.” Said Jim. “Otherwise you’ll be really lost! I’ll try to fill you in as it goes along.”
Alistair wasn’t listening. His eyes were wide as the bright graphics flashed across the screen, pictures of closed doors, open doors, shining reflective kitchen surfaces mounted next to walls of mirrored tiles and finally a wide angle shot of a dilapidated ocean liner, with the words “Wannabe Cured” superimposed across the pastel blue hull.
“Today, on the Wannabe Cured,” the voice was thick with sensational emotion, “one of our stars will be ejected from the Wannabe Cured house whilst another inmate has a chance to get in. It’s Friday, this is Wannabe Cured, and I’m soooo excited!”
Whilst more loud music was played and titles appeared, Alistair leaned across to Jim, shouting “I thought that all these screens had been decommissioned long ago?”
“They were – where did you think they went?”
“I was told they had all been scrapped.”
“Loads were, but lots still survive. Me and my mates have seen them all over the country, most of them packaged up and well hidden. But we know where they are.” Jim winked and smiled his wide smile. He lowered his voice and said “We’ve been to loads of these places, I know all the guv’nors, supply a lot of their kit, if you catch my drift.” He winked again, straightened up in his seat and returned his attention to the big screen.
“Don’t you find all this a little, well, tawdry?”
The smile fell from Jims face as he turned back to face him. “What sort of a stupid question is that? Of course it’s tawdry, that’s the whole point. What did you expect?”
“I didn’t expect anything. In fact I expected to go to the fifth floor” stammered Alistair. “Like I said, I must have pressed the wrong button in the lift.”
“Well well,” said Jim turning to face forwards. “I suppose it had to happen sometime. You really expect me to believe you had no intention of coming here?”
“No, I was aiming for the travel section.”
“Pull the other one. Tell me, how did you know the entry password?”
“I guessed?” Alistair looked at his feet, knowing just how unlikely that sounded. 
“Oh dear.” Jim’s tone was somehow changed. He was no longer Alistair’s new friend, his voice loosely containing his veiled threats. Jim slid his chair close to Alistair and placed an arm firmly on his opposite shoulder. “Now that really isn’t very convincing, but for now, I guess it will have to do. Given the fact that you are here accidentally, what are we going to do with you now? Should we just escort you outside?”
Alistair’s heart raced as it dawned on him just how serious this was. Fuelled by adrenalin he quickly decided that his best bet was to try and win the confidence of his new captor, and then make his getaway as soon as he could. The alternative was to promise not to tell anyone and beg to be let out. He thought either might work but his attention had been captivated by the image of a woman laying on a crumpled bedspread, examining something round and shiny. The screen seemed strangely narrower with her on it and he had already forgotten the feeling of Jim breathing down his neck.
“So what’ll it be, booklover?”
When the image changed to that of a rather formidable looking hospital matron, Alistair allowed himself to look carefully at Jims face. 
“I was rather hoping I could stay and watch, since I’m here.”
A genuine smile cracked across Jims face. “Well that’s good. Just don’t go anywhere without me.” Jim brushed his arm over the top of Alistair’s head, pushing it firmly forwards. Alistair’s eyes were drawn to Jims ankle, where his trouser leg had ridden up to show what he imagined to be a concealed flick knife. “You follow my drift?”
“Perfectly.”
“Good. Now, shut up and watch the show, it’s not every day we get the chance to get this involved.”
“In what way?” Alistair was confused. “They don’t film here do they?”
Jim looked at Alistair and laughed. “Oh mate, you really are a virgin to this ain’tcha? If that girl gets through to the house, we get to vote out one of the current housemates. My money’s on Louise, but I dunno if she deserves it or not.”
“What house?”
“Oh for gawd’s sake just watch and perhaps, if you’re really good, I’ll explain later.” Jim looked closely at Alistair and smiled. It was the smile of a crack dealer observing a user for the first time. The image of the woman was back, this time being escorted through what looked like a hospital corridor, except for the mirrors that were installed between each set of doors. The voice of the presenter hammered out over the sound system.
“Day seven hundred and eighty two - Carly has been on the Star of the East for two years. Last week you voted for her to be allowed to take part in the interim exit test, the only way off the boat. If she passes she will be transferred to the Wannabe Cured house, and one of the housemates will have to leave. If she fails, she stays on the boat. Her fate, and that of the housemates, is in your hands.”
The cameras continued to show a wide shot as the woman, Carly, was escorted down the corridor. Alistair barely noticed the portly matron and the tall orderly who held each arm. He moved forward in his seat, captivated by the image of this strong, confident girl who looked so out of place. He gasped as she looked straight at him, their eyes locked through the screen as she flashed a gentle smile making his heart skip. Alistair barely noticed Jim leaning across to whisper in his ear.
“We voted for her last week ‘cos we’re all sure she can see the cameras. When she first arrived she had a fit when she saw the “ghosts” behind the mirrors. We all screamed with laughter! Should be great if she gets into the house.”
Had he been paying attention, Alistair would have been surprised to hear that Carly did not know she was being filmed. However, he wasn’t listening.
“She’s wonderful.”
Jim waved a hand in front of Alistair’s face and, getting no response, sat heavily back in his seat, cursing. This brought on a brief tirade of shushing from the adjacent viewers which inevitably caused more hissing around the room. Jim cursed them again and the room fell quiet.
 “Meanwhile, in the house Sally is feeling stressed about having to cook dinner for the other housemates. With most of their shopping already gone, she scratches around in the fridge for ingredients.”
“Hey, Samuel. Where the hell is all the butter?”
“Oh, I think Frankie used it yesterday as sun tan lotion. I said it made him look well greasy.”
No longer captivated by Carly’s image, Alistair looked around him, his eyes slowly adjusting to the gloom. To his right was a keypad, with four coloured buttons. He picked it up and turned it over, followed the cable around behind his chair and banged his head against Jims arm. Well more accurately Jim had elbowed him firmly on the left temple, retrieved the control and returned it to the armrest.
On the screen two people in their mid-twenties were screaming at each other whilst two others stood between them trying to keep them apart. Although the image was strangely compelling Alistair was feeling light headed. Perhaps he was having problems with the dialect of these two young people. Or perhaps it was simply that they were just acting like a pair of immature idiots. Either way Alistair was far from used to this. In his life the greatest amount of conflict he allowed himself to be exposed to was the late night uncut version of the Archers, where the most serious clash in the last three months happened when Fred borrowed Bill’s favourite tractor to help pull a nun’s car out of a ditch without asking him first. These conflicts were always settled before the end of the episode with a few wise words from the district nurse or an elderly resident and concluded with a pint down the pub.
“After the break, Carly takes the test, Sally and Frankie finally come to blows and you get your chance to vote.”
The advertising sting reverberated in Alistair’s head as the commercials started. Classic adverts for cars, toothpaste and the latest in gun toting computer games flashed across the screen. Alistair grew more light-headed, and when the adverts for sanitary towels started he decided this was the final straw and stumbled out of his seat heading for the door.
“So, can’t stomach it, eh?” Jim had followed him out.
“I, erm, well, yeah, I guess not.”
“Don’t you want to see the girl again?” Jim stroked Alistair’s face with the back of his hand. “You know, if she gets into the house they let her choose her clothes. Just think what might lie beneath that sexless tunic.”
Alistair pushed Jim’s hand away and sat heavily on a nearby bench. Leaning against the opposite wall Jim giggled happily to himself. “Touched a nerve have I? Well, there seems to be some life in you yet. I always say it’s the quiet ones who don’t let on.”
“No you don’t Jim, stop filling his head with crap.”
Jim turned, only to come face to neck with an unfeasibly tall individual who then bent down, presenting Alistair with a glass of cold, clear water. Alistair’s eyes locked with theirs, but he soon had to look away. He gulped at the water, and as he tipped his head back examined his newfound friend. It appeared to be a woman, with a penchant for wearing men’s clothing. Or perhaps it was a man with a very feminine figure. Either way it was clear that he or she did not get along with Jim as they squared up against each other, Jim on tiptoe and the other bent at the knee in a quite ridiculous fashion.
“I suggest, George, that you butt out.” Jim said.
“No can do Jim. You see Big Tony saw you down here with him.” George gestured toward Alistair.  “You and I both know unauthorised guests are not allowed here on weekdays.”
“Not that I have to justify myself to you, but it wasn’t my fault George, the guy just wandered in here off the street.”
George let out a snort. “Yeah, OK. He stumbled his way through a six code sequence in the lift and came here accidentally? Don’t make me punch your lights out Jim.” Alistair decided that George’s use of sarcasm and threats of violence obviously meant that he was a man, with a penchant for ladies clothing.
“Erm, actually it’s true.” Alistair said, his voice tense and squeaky. He had no real reason to prevent Jim’s face being pushed into the wall but this would only leave him without Jim to corroborate his story and he had no real wish to be next in line. “I was heading for the travel section.”
Alistair was suddenly conscious of how lame this sounded. “I can prove it, underneath a chair in there is the book I was reading when I was in the lift.”
“And the door entry password? What is it?”
“All I said was that I wasn’t a wannabe, just let me out of here.”
“Hmm. That’s not exactly right. I must remember to check the word recognition on that door. You see, you should really have said ‘I’m no wannabe, get me out of here.’” George laughed to himself. Looking at Alistair’s face he frowned. “It’s a play on words, I’m no wannabe, get me out of here, from the old celebrity show?” Alistair looked blankly back at him. “Well, I suppose it only ran for sixteen seasons. Sheesh, what are we going to do with you.”
“Well, erm, you could just show me the way…”
George stepped up close to him.
“It was a rhetorical question, idiot. Stand up.” 
Alistair struggled to his feet, George’s barked command echoing down the deserted corridor. Still looking at Jim, George gestured to him to go back through the door. As Alistair passed behind them George opened the door and followed him in, pausing only to block Jim’s path to stop him re-entering the room.
Alistair went back to his seat and sat down heavily. The commercials had long finished as George shuffled along the row to sit alongside him. Alistair reached beneath the chair and retrieved the gardening book and handed it to George who turned it over then handed it back.
But Alistair didn’t hold out his hand to retrieve the book. His eyes were once again drawn to the big screen as Carly danced and sang, the voice of an angel and the body of, well the same angel, or perhaps an angel with an even better body but not so good a voice. Tears welled up in his eyes as he considered the tragedy. Such a beautiful girl, but such poor behaviour.

Anna Jones sighed as she drank her third cup of coffee. Turning the confiscated disk over in her hands she wondered what would eventually become of Carly. The world had turned against everything she represented. Dance and drama were restricted to the seedy areas of Soho, and even the early morning television presenters had gone. Of course this was mostly because very few people worried about having a television set anymore. It was also partly because even before the revolution people were pretty sick of daytime television. It was widely accepted that, with a few notable exceptions, the downfall of television had not been the fault of the presenters but of the producers. However none of this helped the myriad of wannabes who hoped that a stint on one of the reality shows would lead to a lucrative presenting contract, even if it was on one of the poorly supported DIY programmes. These youngsters had been sold a false dream. With viewing figures declining they had been forced to take on those jobs that even the most talentless television presenters would turn down – appearances at village fetes, opening supermarkets, hair salons, new roads. Well not quite new roads, although one rising star did once agree to open what had been billed as a “New Concept in Vehicular Management” which turned out to be a multi-storey car park in Leyton. This was a double blow since the motor car was now about as popular as a vat of nuclear waste, at a Greenpeace meeting.
Meanwhile the producers had all jumped ship and were now singing the praises of radio, while the lucky presenters were stacking supermarket shelves and driving buses.
Of course the unlucky ones had been sent along with the youngsters to asylums like the Star of the East. The original premise was that they should be rehabilitated into society, but for some the grief of being separated from their nearest and dearest, that being the camera, the makeup people and their stylist, was just too much for them to bear. Their personalities drifted into obscurity and they were soon released into an unwilling world, condemned to a life of stopping people in the street to perform market research.
Anna slipped the unidentified disk out of its box and examined the pitted surface. It had clearly seen a great deal of use and had begun to deteriorate, as all the supposedly indestructible media formats eventually did. 
With the volume turned to the lowest possible setting she slipped the disk into her player. After a few abortive attempts the gentle backing music slid from the cheap speaker system. Anna skipped tracks, waiting for a vocal. Track after track went by and eventually she was satisfied that what she had here was a Karaoke disk, a series of backing tracks against which even a trained voice could be made to sound amateurish, bland or simply drunken depending on the mix. This particular disk was a really slick production and Anna wondered where Carly had got it. Mail was not allowed into the secure asylum and it had been six months since her last visitor, a suspicious looking guy in a sharp suit who had claimed to be a solicitor. Carly remembered thinking how his chiselled features, black short cropped hair and designer shoes made him look more like a television presenter than a solicitor.
But Anna had re-assured her that patients at the Star of the East often got visits from solicitors. The end of the twentieth century had been plagued with “no win no fee” damages cases, where employees sued their employer because they hadn’t been warned that falling off a ladder or sticking your hand in a vat of sulphuric acid was dangerous. The law had no place for common sense. When employers had finally generated employee handbooks that covered every eventuality the lawyers turned to public services and then to the public in general. Soon this new income also dried up and many of the lawyers went broke. Salvation came with the demise of the wannabe – so many people’s lives had supposedly been ruined by Reality TV gameshows that contestants and even viewers began suing the television companies. When the television companies were no longer capable of paying out the damages viewers began civil cases against the contestants themselves. Despite being in the asylums many of them still retained vast fortunes made from sponsorship and product placement, which were ongoing air tight contracts that those sponsors who were still in business were still paying out on.
And so the Wannabe Cured administrators were not surprised that a solicitor should visit Carly. They were a little surprised to find that he never visited again, nor did they receive formal notification that a court appearance was necessary. But these were busy times, a new influx of patients took up a great deal of time and Carly’s visitor was forgotten, just like Carly.
Anna pushed the disk into a drawer and picked up the phone.
“Good afternoon, Doctor Ickworth’s office.”
Damn, Anna thought. Andrew had Isla filtering his calls again. Of the three Personal Assistants that Andrew employed Isla was undoubtedly the hardest nosed. Anna prepared her sickly friendly voice and began the fight. Still, it was a Friday, perhaps she could catch Isla off guard.
“Hello Isla, how are you today?”
“Anna, how nice to hear your voice.” Anna recognised the slight sarcasm in Isla’s voice. “I expect you would be wanting to talk to Doctor Ickworth?”
“That would be nice, if it’s not too much trouble.”
“It’s no trouble at all for me,” Anna’s heart sank. She knew just what was coming next. “Since he’s not here.”
“Oh that really is too bad. You see I was rather hoping to catch up with him about one of our patients. Carly Underwood? She underwent the exit test this morning.”
“Ah yes, Underwood. He did mention something about that but I’m afraid it wasn’t anything conclusive. As far as I know he was still consulting with one of his colleagues in Manchester. A very complicated case by all accounts. Wasn’t she the one whose mother committed suicide by accident?”
“Yes, that’s the one.”
“Very sad. My father said she was an A grade nutcase, he met her once at an awards ceremony. Did I ever tell you my father was a very well known lawyer? Of course he doesn’t work in that field anymore, he retired after that silly business with that foul radio DJ who tried to sue the BBC for using seawater in the coffee machines. He always claimed the case was rigged you see…”
Anna could tell when she was beaten. Allowing Isla to get onto the subject of her father was fatal. “Sorry Isla, I really would love to chat, but I have a lot to do today. Could you pass on the message to Andrew, sorry, Doctor Ickworth, and ask him to call me with an update?”
“Oh, of course, Anna. I’ll leave him a note. You have a great afternoon.”

“So, Alistair isn’t it? What do you think of our little set up down here?”
Alistair was still full of adrenalin. He had never viewed anything so compelling in his entire life. The woman, the dancing, her voice which permeated his conscience and tugged at what he reluctantly assumed were his heartstrings. Despite the shallow development of the characterisations he had been riveted, particularly the bit where the disk had been discovered, but the kindly hospital administrator had simply confiscated it rather than report it to the doctors.
“Very impressive, George. Tell me, who wrote it?”
“Wrote it? How do you mean?”
“I mean who was it written by? I’ve never read or seen anything like it. Creating tension, compassion, concern, and all the time leaving the characters shallow and lifeless without personality or obvious redeeming features.”
Alistair took a step back as George began to laugh. A squeaky, raucous laugh that cut into his eardrums and attracted the attention of everyone else in the room. George doubled up and started to cough and splutter, gasping for breath. A few people tried to help him up but he drew them close to him, whispering in their ears before they too began rolling around on the floor with him. It was clear that Alistair was the butt of the joke, mostly because each time George stopped laughing long enough to open his mouth he took one look at Alistair and, flapping his hands, started off all over again. Unsure of what was so funny, Alistair tried unsuccessfully to shrink into the shadows in the corners of the room.
Finally one of the less hysterical members managed to gain enough composure to explain.
“You idiot. It’s not made up, this is reality TV, get it?”
Alistair looked blank. He knew it should mean something, but his sheltered childhood was not conducive to understanding this strange world, housed underneath his favourite bookshop.
“Reality TV? The clue is in the name? Stone me, I can’t believe I have to spell it out? Those vacuous and shallow “characters” are real people. Wannabe Cured is a real asylum, occupied by real people. Pretty much all the staff are in on the deal, but the inmates have no idea that they’re actually being filmed.”
Alistair was speechless. These people represented everything that was considered abhorrent in his new enlightened world.
“What did you think we were here? Some kind of weird fringe cinema?”
“Well, I suppose, yes.”
“And the voting? What did you think that was all about?”
“Audience participation? I’m not stupid, I have read the history books. I just thought it was, you know, part of the show.”
This started George off again, who up to this point had been quietly dying in the corner.

Part Two - Departure

There was only one thing Isla hated more than actually putting a call through to Andrew Ickworth, and that was being interrupted when she was speaking about her father. Anna was sure the message would never get to him. Isla would certainly leave him a note, but she would probably leave it somewhere he would never find it, like inside a filing cabinet or underneath his telephone receiver, which had not been lifted since it was disinfected three months ago after an outbreak of glandular fever. 
She was therefore very surprised to receive a call from him twenty minutes later.
“Anna, can you prepare transfer papers for Miss Underwood please?”
“Doctor Ickworth, how nice to hear from you. I assume your conversation with Manchester was useful?”
“Manchester? Oh, yes, Manchester. Of course. Yes, my, erm, brother was very interested in the case and after much deliberation we agreed that she has made substantial progress and that keeping her here would be, er, detrimental to her future recovery.”
“But Doctor, she failed the final test. Badly. Usually we would not consider…”
“I know that Miss Jones, but we feel that this is a special case. To put it another way, it is an amazing achievement for which we will all get the credit, especially Carly. Many of my, er, colleagues, feel that she could go all the way to a full, how best to put this, recovery.”
Anna had never heard Andrew so hesitant and there was something suspicious in the way he referred to his “colleagues”. However she was glad for Carly’s sake that she was to be “downgraded”.
“Very well Doctor, I’ll prepare the paperwork right now.” Anna opened her desk drawer and removed a new file. Anna found the transfer paperwork tedious and time consuming, so she decided that it would be best to start as soon as possible. Operating on auto-pilot she started to run through the form. “Do you have a location in mind?”
“Yes I do. Number forty three, the Solo Centre.”
Anna could almost hear Andrew wincing at the other end of the line. At some time a few years back it had been decided that the numeric designation of the low security conditioning centres was not conducive to a healthy recovery, and some pencil pusher had determined that all the centres should be renamed after film characters. At the time this had seemed a little strange, considering the back lash against popular film and television celebrities but the pencil pusher in question was William “Moby” Whale, the son of the then Prime Minister, Tracey Whale. He had argued that recovery needed to be gradual, and having proved themselves to be purged of the un-natural instinct to perform a few compromises must be made to make them feel more comfortable. Whale found several well known, and consequently well paid, psychiatrists to enforce his decision and pushed it through with surprisingly little resistance. The most outspoken opponents eventually feigned support after putting forward some fairly weak arguments. Eventually, of course, they all disappeared into obscurity, with Whale gaining a great deal of kudos when the reconditioning centres showed a marked improvement in turn around times for new inmates. The few critics who muttered that this probably had less to do with the names of the centres than it did with the four fold increase in funding soon found their own funding cut before they too vanished into convenient obscurity.
“Okay, forty three. How about timing? Miss Underwood may need a little time to adjust to the news, she was convinced that she was going to be here for some time yet and I really…”
“She leaves three hours from now.”
Anna straightened in her chair. “I’m sorry, three hours? That simply isn’t possible Andrew, sorry, Doctor, I mean, well, it’s just not possible. The paperwork alone will take several days to complete and I cannot escort her there this evening, which means we will require an orderly to take her and that means more paperwork, and re-organising the schedules.”
“Three hours, Miss Jones. I suggest you stop blathering and start moving things along. I shall be escorting Miss Underwood myself, there is no need for you to worry yourself this evening.”
Anna sat listening to the tone as Andrew Ickworth hung up the phone. The conversation had left her deeply worried. It wasn’t the timescale, she was used to Andrew pulling stunts like that. It wasn’t really the fact that Carly shouldn’t have been transferred at all, although she was slightly suspicious about that. It wasn’t that with the number of inmates at the Star of the East dwindling she was starting to worry about whether she would still have a job by this time next year. It also wasn’t that the Doctor was going to personally escort Carly to the Solo Centre. Although this was extremely unusual and she was cross that she wouldn’t be able to spend those precious few hours away from the asylum, it wasn’t unknown for the doctors to escort unusual cases from one centre to another. In common with a number of doctors Andrew Ickworth spent the vast majority of his time writing research papers. There were areas in which much of the required evidence could be fabricated, but in the unique field of Celebrity Addiction this was not always possible. Doctors often visited patients to ask leading questions and attempt to disprove the latest theories being spun together by their colleagues. It was a form of one-upmanship that was still tolerated due to the unique nature of their work. This tolerance is not unusual and has several precedents in history. After all computer programmers have always been rude, uncommunicative and have a strange addiction to Lara Croft, but this is tolerated as long as they produced fast efficient code with just enough features to sell, but not so many that a future release is unnecessary. Restaurant chefs are allowed to shout at their charges and customers as long as the food they prepare doesn’t taste like an old bicycle tyre that’s been boiled for six hours until soft. Taxi drivers will always take you the longest route they can get away with, but this is tolerated in exchange for their self-righteous opinions that the passenger can use as a story at the next dinner party or best man speech. Indeed taxi drivers are still considered by psychiatrists to be the best judges of character in our society. It is, therefore, a shame that this talent is used only to fathom out how tolerant the passenger is to being taken the long way round.
Anna was worried about Carly being moved at all, since, regardless of Andrew Ickworth’s justification, her performance during the test simply didn’t earn her a place at the Solo Centre. Not even nearly. There was clearly more to this than met the eye.
Anna collected together the paperwork and her prize four colour pen and stepped through into the Matrons office.
“Edith – Dr Ickworth has approved the movement of Carly Underwood. He would like her transferred to the Solo Centre.”
“Yes, Miss Jones, but what would that have to do with me?” Edith was a strong, sarcastic woman in whose company Anna had never felt entirely comfortable. She had a sinister edge to her voice that led those who were not her friends to fear her, and those who were her friends to fear her further still. Even after two years it still caught Anna off guard.
“Erm, yes, well er,” Anna pulled herself up to her full height, much to Edith’s amusement, took a deep breath and said “He wants the transfer completed in three hours.”
It was the first time Anna had ever seen anything other than a neutral expression on Edith’s face.
“Three hours? Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. So I’m going to need some help with the paperwork,” hurriedly adding “before you end your shift of course.” If there was one thing Anna didn’t need it was the staff complaining about having to work overtime.
“I could take care of the file collation for you. Is Miss Underwood aware of the situation yet?”
“No, I was just going to give her the news. I’m sure she will be very excited.”
“Hmm, yes I’m sure. Anyone would be pleased to get out of here. I know I am at the end of the day. If you can let me have the collation forms I’ll get started.”
Anna retrieved two forms from the file and placed them on the desk. Carefully choosing the red nib on her pen, she filled in the first sets of references on both forms, switching to black for the second form.
Edith observed this with great amusement. “Miss Jones, I’m curious. What is it with all the different colours on these forms? Anyone would think it was an excuse for you to use that ancient pen.” Anna bristled.
“As a matter of fact it makes perfect sense. Each form has a different purpose, and rather than using different colour paper we can keep standard papers and change the ink colours. Besides, this pen was given to me by my father before his accident. It has a great deal of sentimental value.” Although Anna knew Edith was not of a sentimental, or even kindly, nature she hoped that this would stop her teasing.
“What happened to your father Anna? I know we don’t chat as such, but even so it seems strange that I’ve never heard you speak of him.”
Anna drew breath and prepared once again to explain the strange nature of her father’s death.
“My father was killed in a freak reading accident.”
Anna expected Edith to be surprised but she just levelly replied “A reading accident? Oh, was he part of the British team that were on the verge of breaking the world bungee reading record last year?”
I think possibly that a word or two of explanation may be required here. You already know that reading is now the primary past time for many people in the UK if not the entire western world. However there were still those groups who wanted a little more excitement, an adrenalin rush that would not offend the sensibilities of the public at large. For this reason Extreme Reading was born. All the equipment was already there, stored away when base jumping, bungee jumping, free style climbing and other such dangerous activities had fallen out of vogue. It started with a hardcore of ex surf dudes who would read while hang gliding, but soon spread to city dwellers and scientists, keen to unwind at the weekend without having to impact on their precious reading time.
Of course Extreme Reading was not without problems. Hard back books were easily the most popular but were terribly unwieldy, especially for bungee reading. Several spectators were killed after books were dropped during extreme acts, with extreme hang gliding being particularly dangerous due to the slightly less than elastic nature of hardback books after falling several thousand feet. This gave the lawyers something to get their teeth into for a few years but the use of hard back books was soon banned and Extreme Readers were forced to use lightweight paperback books instead. Extreme Reading became extremely widespread until a more serious problem presented itself. Its most successful participants soon began to take on a celebrity status. This was tolerated until a famous coca cola company negotiated a very lucrative sponsorship deal with the star of the British Team. It was soon after this that the accidents started. A ripped canopy here, damaged strut there, these all added up to a suspicion of sabotage. This was confirmed after a guerrilla gang known as the League Against imModerate Exploits (or LAiME for short) took credit for the death of Britain’s top Bungee Reader, Mick Jones.
“My mother and I had told him to give it up and leave it to a younger man but he was addicted. He became obsessed with breaking his own record but then LAiME struck him down.”
“Was that ever proven? I thought it was blamed on a faulty rope?”
“Well we’ll never really know, though many people blamed the Chinese team. As far as I’m concerned my father died doing something thoroughly stupid.” Anna turned the pen over in her hand and headed for the door. “This pen is all he left for me. I’ll be with Miss Underwood, if anyone needs me. Edith?”
Edith was looking at her feet, trying not to laugh at the ridiculous story.
“Yes Anna.”
“I’ll be with Miss Underwood.”
“Very well, I’ll let you know when this is finished.”
Anna closed the door afterwards, and marched quickly down the corridor, without waiting to hear the sniggering.
As she passed through the dimly lit corridors she felt a feeling of closeness. Although she was calming down after her run in with Edith the walls seemed to be narrowing, the floor coming up to meet the ceiling. What was more she had an uncanny sensation that she was being watched from all sides. Feeling suddenly dizzy, Anna put a hand out to steady herself, pushing against one of the many highly polished mirrors that lined the corridor. The mirror cracked and gave way, leaving Anna stumbling sideways as the wall spun around her. She fell backwards screaming, crashing through the fragments of glass into a tangle of wires and connectors, hitting her head on a heavy junction box that lay on the floor. In the moment before she lost consciousness, her eyes met those of the frightened cameraman, who being far more used to watching than being watched promptly screamed right back at her, threw down his headphones and ran.

Alistair nursed his crushed toes. Just minutes ago he had been contemplating the wonders of reality television. Well more accurately the wonders of one of its stars, having taken part and contributed to her happiness in releasing her from the asylum. Just seconds ago, a stampede of the strangest group of men and women he had seen in his life had emerged from doors all down the corridor and raced through to the Wannabe Cured viewing suite. There was far too little room in the narrow corridors, hence the crushed toes.
He limped through to the room and managed to squeeze through until he could see the main screen. A shocked presenter, called Jez, was interviewing an extremely jumpy producer, called Baz. Alistair knew this because they were both wearing hand written nametags inscribed with their name and job title.
“Baz, what happens now?”
Baz unbuttoned his designer jacket and lounged back in his seat, running a hand through his short black hair. “Well, Ms Jones has been taken to the nearest hospital, where she is being treated for head injuries. The cameraman is being treated by our own medical team for shock and some light scratches from the broken glass. Aside from this, we are running as usual and continuing to broadcast.”
“Isn’t there some concern that Ms Jones, having discovered the cameras, will go public, or worse press charges?”
“I really don’t think we need to over react to this.” The camera panned round to a sharp suited woman wearing a nametag that said ‘Caz, PR Manager’. “It’s not as though it has never happened before. After all you may remember that the matron of this very asylum stumbled across one of the camera booths last year. We simply put her on a contract and included her in the show. Of course if we are really lucky Ms Jones may be concussed and not remember seeing the cameraman at all.”
“Well a concussion would not be very lucky for Ms Jones.” Jez addressed the camera. “We’re going to go live to one of our resident psychologists, Les Barnum. Les, what do you think might be the long term effect of this evenings events?”
The screens switched format, the four central screens showing a sincere faced man of around forty years old while the reactions of the presenter and producer were shown on one of the smaller screens.
“Well Jez, this is most unexpected. It was fortunate the inmates were all in their cells at the time, so none of them would have witnessed these events. Had they seen Ms Jones fall through the mirror we could have expected to see signs of anxiety, displayed in the wringing of hands and possibly violent reactions to the cameraman.”
“Right. So with them not having seen it, what do you think will be the result of these events?”
“As I said, had they seen this it would definitely have ruined their day. I am sure we would have seen classic cases of despondency and depression as the reality sunk in. Since they didn’t, I don’t expect it will affect them at all.”
“So no effect on the inmates?”
“Well of course not. They didn’t see anything.”
“And Ms Jones? How do you think she will deal with this?”
“Clearly she will be extremely shocked and agitated.”
There was an uncomfortable pause as Jez sat patiently, waiting for any further words of wisdom. None were forthcoming.
“OK, Les Barnes, thank you. That was, well, really revealing. Getting into the minds of our stars. OK, it’s time for a break, but don’t go away, there’s much more excitement to come!”
The screens reconfigured for full screen, and the show went into an advertising break with a slow motion replay of Anna Jones falling into the camera booth, hitting her head and falling unconscious.
A low muttering ran through the room, and gradually people began filtering back to the other viewing suites. Alistair, working against the tide of grumbling voyeurs managed to squeeze his way back to where George was seated.
“Well, Al. I can call you Al?” Alistair shrugged. “Good. That is something we do not see every day. It’s a terrible thing you know, all this secrecy. But it wouldn’t be half as good without it.”
“What will happen to the girl?” Alistair asked.
“Anna Jones? Who knows. I expect they will persuade her that she was imagining things and ship her off to a real hospital somewhere, probably as a resident. I mean, think about it. If someone came to you this morning screeching about cameramen behind mirrors, watching her every move, would you consider that normal behaviour? No. They’ll lock her up and throw away the key, if only to cover their tracks. I don’t approve, but then this isn’t a nice business, Al. You have to learn not to get too involved with the characters. Ultimately they all get voted out in the end, even the staff.”
“Actually I was thinking of Carly. Does this mean she will still be moved?”
“Oh, I expect there may be a short delay, although now that Ms Jones is out of the way all the staff at the Star of The East are contracted to the show, so there will be no more need for the pretence of paperwork.”
“Where are these conditioning centres?”
“No-one knows. It’s a very closely guarded secret. Of course everyone has an idea, but they are probably all wrong. A group of Japanese businessmen discovered one of the centres last year in Soho, whilst looking for a sushi bar. It was fronted by a Taxi firm, but the receptionist had gone on a break without securing the doors. The inmates were all moved and the whole place was burned to the ground fifteen minutes later.”
“But why didn’t that get on the news? I don’t remember hearing it on Radio Four.”
“Well it was all covered up. We wouldn’t even know it here, but for all his faults Jim is very well connected and heard it from a business associate. Why do you ask? Thinking of going looking for her?” George grinned and winked knowingly.
“Not at all. Just, interested. That’s all.” Alistair decided on a rapid but subtle change of subject. “Do you have a post box down here anywhere? I have a letter I must post to my mother.” Subtlety was not one of Alistair’s strongest points.

Caroline Perkins threw her hands up in the air. “Andrew, I really think you ought to calm down. What’s the worst thing that can happen? Jones goes to the press? Come off it, she’s a bright girl. She knows damn well that no one will believe her. She needs proof, and she’s not going to get it is she?”
Andrew Ickworth sat with his head in his hands. “Caz, she knows where Wannabe Cured is!” Standing and stepping up to within inches of his PR Manager he fixed her with a bloodshot gaze. In a low voice he said, “She can get all the proof she needs.”
Caz smiled. “Oh yeah? I doubt that very much. Quite apart from the fact that our friendly hospital staff will ensure she won’t be leaving hospital for some time, within hours even you will not be able to find a single fixed or monitored camera in this entire building. Eddie is making sure that the entire production team is moved out by the morning.”
“What about the communication links? The equipment? How is Eddie going to get it all out of here?”
“Hey Guv, don’t you worry yourself about that.”
Andrew stepped away from Caz and turned. Shaking the hand of his chief technician he repeated his concerns.
“It’s quite simple Guv. We’ve always known this was a risk, you know that. Any equipment we can’t get to shore will be crated up, sealed, waterproofed and dropped to the riverbed. As for the comms, well, this is a hospital. It needs comms so we simply leave it here. If anyone asks, you just tell them that it was installed with additional capacity for expansion. They won’t suspect.”
“Eddie, what do you mean I tell them? I have no intention of staying here after tonight. I’m moving onto the next location.”
Caz took Andrew’s arm. “Do you think that’s wise? The directors will want us to give the strongest possible indication that it is business as usual. What will be the reaction if you suddenly disappear?”
Andrew gritted his teeth. “I don’t care what the directors want. I am not taking the rap for this. I’m a Psychiatrist for God’s sake, this could ruin me!”
“Andrew you are not a psychiatrist. You are an ex-psychiatrist. I don’t have to remind you that three years ago you signed a non-disclosure agreement, which I’m guessing you really don’t want to break. You cannot go back to psychiatry and you know it.”
“I’m not afraid of your stinking lawyers.”
Eddie stepped up to Caz’s side. “Andrew, Guv, it’s not the lawyers you need to worry about, if you catch my drift. I like you, really I do. I wouldn’t like to see you injured.”
“Eddie, I really hope you aren’t threatening me.”
“Calm down Guv, it’s not me. Tell you what, remember that idiot that used to run Lucas Court?”
“The one that was found face down in the Ashby Canal? Yeah, I met him a few times. Very highly strung. I told old Nifty Nigel he’d end up jumping off a bridge the first time I met him. Us psychiatrists have an eye for these things you know.”
Andrew looked at Eddie, who said nothing. He looked at Caz, who simply raised her eyebrows. Sitting heavily, he looked at his feet.
“Was it you? Did you put him in the canal?”
“God no! What do you take me for? I’m a tech, Andrew, not a thug. Baz has these guys on a retainer, you know. Met them during his former life in a Soho strip club. Bouncers or something. I just heard about it from the techs at Lucas Court. Fortunately they were clever enough to keep it fairly quiet.”
Caz sat down next to him. “Tricky isn’t it? Tell you what Andrew; we have something else to attend to, the girl, Carly. She has to be accompanied to Solo and I think you should continue as planned. Might do you some good to get some fresh air.”
Andrew took a deep breath. He agreed with Caz, although with slightly different reasoning. Whether or not he was in danger, the best way to deal with this was to be somewhere else entirely.
“Eddie, is the route clear for the transfer?”
“All the exit corridors are complete already, as are all the outside cameras that cannot be hooked up to the CCTV. We’ve left a few live for the broadcast of Carly leaving, but by the time you get back my team will have cleared those and most of the gear out of the way. When it’s dark, we’ll move the lightweight gear to shore and ditch the rest.”
“Very well. Caroline, I want you to contact Baz and tell him that we are moving Miss Underwood in one hour. The sooner we get her out of here the better.” Andrew smiled. “After all, if they get wind of how crazy she is, no-one will ever believe that this is a normal hospital.”

Carly was surprised by the arrival of Dr Ickworth. It took a significant event to summon one of the psychiatrists out of their plush offices and into the comparatively utilitarian accommodation provided to the residents. She was even more surprised to discover that he was alone, although she was sure that an orderly wouldn’t be far away.
Andrew Ickworth smiled his most sincere smile. “I have some good news for you Carly. Despite some minor issues raised by your performance during the tests this afternoon we here at the Star of the East have decided that you would benefit from a relocation to the Solo Centre, where you can get a little more freedom.”
Carly would have cringed at the horrible grimace Dr Ickworth considered to be a sincere smile, but she was too busy picking herself up off the floor.
“Are you OK, Miss Underwood? Thought I’d lost you there for a moment.”
“I’ll be fine, thank you Doctor. I’m just a bit shocked. When I failed the final test I was sure that I’d really blown it.” Carly perched herself precariously on a chair in the corner, reliving the experience of that final horrific test. “It was just the floor manager. She was so persuasive that I…”
“Miss Underwood, Carly. Don’t worry yourself about the test. We will discuss that later. For now, you need to begin packing and try to get a little rest. The journey to the Solo Centre will take a few hours and I’m sure you will want to be as fresh as possible when you meet your new housemates.”
“Begin packing now? When am I leaving?”
“In just under one hour. Now, get yourself organised, matron will be along shortly with something a little more appropriate for you to wear for your departure.” Andrew was feeling increasingly uncomfortable sharing this small room with a mad woman. He wasn’t quite sure how to extricate himself without either seeming brusque or turning his back on her.
One hour. Carly just managed to catch herself from falling on the floor for a second time. Andrew Ickworth stepped edgily towards the door.
“If there’s anything you need, anything at all don’t hesitate to ask.” Not waiting for an answer, Andrew opened the door to step out.
“Actually Doctor, there is one thing.”
Andrew stopped and turned slowly, making Carly shudder slightly with that smile again.
“I was wondering whether Miss Jones might be popping by? She was very kind to me earlier and I was hoping to see her before I left.”
Andrew felt his smile flickering, his eyes narrowing slightly. Taking a shallow breath he stepped backwards out of the room.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible Carly. Miss Jones is very busy and besides, I expect she has gone to her apartment for the evening. See you in fifty minutes.”
As the door closed behind him Carly felt her heart sag a little. She had been so happy to be leaving, but now she was feeling apprehensive. Though her present surroundings were dull, they were at least predictable and comfortable. A new place meant new people, and new people meant new pressures to be everything they want you to be, so that you can be loved and popular. Deep down her mother’s death had affected her quite badly and she had managed to hide it behind her apparent lunacy. But now she was expected to continue to “improve” without having dealt with her many real problems at all.
Adding to her apprehension was the creepy feeling that Doctor Ickworth had not been entirely honest about Anna not having come to share the news herself. Carly had spent many years surrounded by spongers and, despite the fact that she couldn’t really have bothered less, she had developed a keen sense for people who were inherently dishonest, as opposed to just casual liars. Doctor Ickworth definitely fell into the former category. There were the usual tell tale signs – looking down and to the left, the shuffling of feet and the eventual rapid change of subject or, in this case, ending the conversation by exiting the room. But on top of this was Carly’s natural instinct that something wasn’t right. Perhaps Anna had been more disappointed over the karaoke disc than Carly had originally thought, although she hadn’t seemed very concerned at the time. Then the thought struck Carly that Anna may have been caught with the disc. Clearly she hadn’t told them where it was from, or else Carly would not be leaving this evening, or probably at all. This means Anna may have taken the blame and been sent away.
Carly tried to take deep breaths and calm down, but another scenario popped into her head. Perhaps Anna had told the Doctors, and now Carly was to be taken to a more secure unit, rather than a less secure one. It would certainly explain why her spectacular failure in the final test had not ended in her continued confinement at the Star of the East. How could Miss Jones do that to her? She had been so kind, if only for a short time. That was ridiculous, thought Carly. She ran over the events after Anna had left. The door closed, and Carly had leant with her back to it for some time, wondering how she could have been so stupid in getting herself caught out like that. She considered herself very lucky that it was Anna, and not one of the orderlies or worse still Matron. All the same, now it seemed that either Anna wouldn’t see her, or wasn’t being allowed to see her. Carly wondered if it had something to do with the crash earlier on, perhaps Anna had been hurt, or taken by force after the discovery of the karaoke disc? Carly wouldn’t be able to live with herself if her prized possession had caused someone as nice as Anna to be hurt in any way. If Anna had fallen or been injured, then surely the disc would have been discovered, which meant Carly might still be in danger of incarceration in an even worse place than this one. Carly had heard of centres where the residents were kept in solitary cells, an extreme solution which either led to a complete cure or complete insanity, most often complete insanity. Of course these stories were all hearsay, occasionally used as threats to those residents who refused to co-operate.
Before Carly’s troubled subconscious could feed her any more paranoia Matron burst in through the door.
“Here you are, Carly. These should fit you just fine. I don’t know what you were expecting but we’ve all been a little too busy to worry about you this evening. We had a rummage around and found these for you.”
Before Carly had time to utter a thank you Matron was gone again, leaving behind a zip bag and a pair of training shoes. In the bag Carly found a pair of blue knee length trousers and a Gap short sleeved shirt with a Union Jack motif on the back. Carly drew the shirt up to her face, and burst into tears.

Alistair blinked sharply in the autumnal evening sunlight feeling disorientated and confused. It wasn’t just the brightness after the half-light of the club, the door to which had been closed firmly behind him. He felt compromised, as though he knew a little bit about something that was terribly important, but not enough to actually know how he would deal with it. The anonymous black door lurked around behind him as he gazed out, contributing to the uncertainty he felt. Even the sky seemed dark and foreboding, the rays of sunlight deceptive in their brightness as clouds gathered to the east.
Clutching the letter for his mother, he collected his belongings and climbed the narrow flight of steps onto the pavement. Standing with his back to the spiked iron fence he watched the people filing past, observing how they moved with such presence and determination. If only they knew what was going on below their feet, he was sure they would not be walking with such single-mindedness.
As his eyes adjusted Alistair wandered up and down the street wondering where he should go next. Obviously he should take this to the Police, but something told him this would not be a good idea. His subconscious decided that this was because he wanted to see the girl again. His conscious mind, however, told him it was because of the significant threat of violence that he received before leaving the basement club. For the moment his conscious mind won him over, reinforced by the fact that he was clearly being followed by two somewhat less than subtle thugs, both of whom he recognised from the Wannabe Cured room. Something else began nagging at the back of his mind, but he couldn’t quite think what it was. Somewhere he should be. Perhaps it was that he hadn’t posted the letter yet, and the mid-evening post would be collected soon.
His exit from the club had not been very smooth, even for Alistair who was especially clumsy at leaving gatherings. He had been told that there certainly was no post box in the basement of Peterson’s, after all, why would there be? Was he a complete idiot? For a start it was a basement, not a regular haunt of Royal Mail postmen. Secondly it was a secret club, watching illegal footage of supposedly sick people being paraded for the pleasure of a small minority of people who pay an obscene amount of money for the privilege. He was reminded that post boxes are usually located where people might take letters in order to post them, and this clearly wasn’t one of those places.
Although the coverage continued, the live footage for the day was now over, following the disaster at Wannabe Cured. So Alistair, having so clumsily expressed a preference to be somewhere else, was taken through to a sterile office, simply furnished with a desk, two chairs and a small filing cabinet. There was no phone, no fax machine, no computer. George gestured to one of the chairs, which Alistair pulled away from the desk and gratefully sat down on.
“George, what’s going on?”
Silence. Alistair turned in his seat to find himself alone, the door closed behind him.
 Alistair stood and spent some time taking in his surroundings. The walls were the same grey mottled paint used on the walls and ceilings in the corridors and the viewing rooms. Every now and then there was a long straight crack, which Alistair deduced were doors, mainly because the door he had entered through had practically vanished, outlined only by the same thin fractures as he found on the other walls. A mirror, running from a few inches above the floor to a few inches from the ceiling, dominated one wall. Alistair had no doubt this was a one-way viewing window, and he stepped up to examine it. Despite the bright lighting in the room he could just make out the images of people coming and going behind the glass.
“So, Mr.”
Alistair span to find a short balding man sitting behind the desk. He had no idea when or how he got there. He started to open his mouth to state his surname.
“Quiet. I don’t want to know it.” Alistair’s new companion looked up from the bare desk. “Alistair, right? Mind if I call you Al?”
“Well, actually I’d rather…”
“Good, we don’t stand on ceremony here. People round here predictably call me The Boss on account of the fact that I am. While you’re in this club you will do the same. I am here to give you two choices. But first, I need two answers from you. Your choices depend on your answers. Do you understand?”
Alistair nodded and The Boss settled back in his chair.
“First question. Who gave you the codes for the lift?”
“I explained this already to Jim, and George.”
“I know, they told me. Now why don’t you humour me before your number of choices drops?”
“Do you mind if I sit?” The boss simply raised an eyebrow, then gestured to the chair opposite.
“No-one gave me the code for the lift. I was aiming for the travel section on the fifth floor.”
“So you have never met Andrew Peterson?”
This was a question Alistair wasn’t expecting. Andrew Peterson was without doubt one of the nations leading lights. Not only was he an extremely successful businessman, owning as he did the largest chain of bookshops in England, but he was also a very accomplished writer both in the fiction and highly coveted non-fiction genres. “Met him? I would love to say I had but no, I’m afraid not. Why?” The Boss simply ignored his question.
“Second question. Is Ella Smythe your mother?”
Alistair turned pale. “How do you know my mother? She can’t be involved in this, you cannot tell her I’ve been here. It would kill her. For a start we don’t talk very much and she’s so suspicious she wouldn’t possibly believe that I got here accidentally.”
“Thank you, Al. That’s all I needed.”
“Sorry, I don’t understand. How does that affect my choice? You can’t just use my mother to intimidate me and then not explain yourselves.” Alistair was scared, but he knew that his best chance was to appear strong willed. “I demand to know how you know my mother.” Alistair went to bang his fist on the table but thought better of it at the last moment.
The Boss smiled, noticing Alistair’s faltering bravado. He leant across the table, holding Alistair’s gaze.
“I don’t know your mother.” Reaching into his pocket The Boss pushed an envelope face down across the table. Alistair recognised the wax seal that had once secured the flap, now broken in two. Reaching into his own pocket he confirmed that he was no longer carrying the letter to his mother. He also noticed a shortage in the wallet department.
“You see we have ways of ensuring our presence here is kept a secret. So now we know not only who you are, but where we can find your mother. It’s a bit unfortunate that the two of you aren’t that close but all the same, I’m sure you wouldn’t want, well, I think we understand each other.” The Boss stood up pushing his chair neatly back under the table.
“Now normally this would be decision time. I know I said you would have two choices but I think we can trust you, so there is only really one choice I would recommend.” The Boss waved his hand towards the opening door. “George will see you out, and two of my men will see you safely home. One last thing - your receipt, credit cards and the new set of codes for the door, just in case you ever feel the need for a little light entertainment. You already know the password, of course.”
Alistair took the paperwork handed to him, noting the amount on the receipt.
“Excuse me, but this says two hundred and fifty pounds. Surely that can’t be right?”
“Two hundred and fifty? You are correct, that doesn’t sound right. Lets take a look.” The Boss took the receipt from Alistair laying it out on the table. He muttered to himself as he tallied up the charges.
“I see what has happened, it’s nothing to worry about. George has put this through as a special introductory discount.”
“Discount?” Alistair was, against his better judgement, shouting. “If that’s a discount then what sort of obscene amounts do you usually charge? I demand you cancel the transaction, I haven’t signed anything so you are not authorised to take this moolie.”
Alistair had of course intended to say “money” but this actually came out as “moolie” on account of his face being squashed against the tabletop by two ex-nightclub bouncers, who had appeared from nowhere.
“You’ve not quite got this have you?” said The Boss, gesturing to the two bouncers to release him. “We do things on our own terms here. Our organisation is huge, considerably larger than you could imagine it to be and we can take money and equipment from anywhere in the country and put it anywhere else. We can even make it disappear, as we can people. So I believe we can get round the requirement for your signature on this paperwork. Get him out of here.”
The two thugs dragged Alistair out of the room by his collar.
The Boss called out after them. “And if you do choose to come back, you should be prepared to be a little more civil.”
Under the gaze of the clubs patrons, including George and Jim, Alistair had been unceremoniously thrown out of the fire exit, followed by his paperwork, the RHS Encyclopaedia of Gardening and finally the letter to his mother.
Standing on the pavement at the top of the steps and gathering his thoughts, Alistair glanced at his watch. It was then that he remembered where he should be.
Realising he was over thirty minutes late Alistair broke into a run, followed by the two thugs. Hailing a taxi he jumped in, barking his destination and telling the driver to get a move on. The taxi pulled out into the evening rush hour traffic and headed through the bus lanes for the hospital. Although Alistair rarely took taxis he hated to be late. He was also glad of his choice when he realised the added bonus his rapid exit from the pavement outside Peterson’s had afforded him - the two bouncers were now a long way behind him.

Carly made a feeble attempt to dry the tears. The damp patch on her shirt slowly disappeared as she dabbed it with a tissue, trying to prevent the red of the cross from seeping into the white borders.
Turning the top inside out she examined the seams, the labels and anything else that could help her confirm the feelings of familiarity. She found the edge where it had been repaired after it had been ripped on a door handle. The faint stain of Pepsi Max that never seemed to quite come out in the wash, despite frequent use of pre-wash tablets that should, according to their maker, remove all known stains.
The last time Carly had seen this shirt, she had just signed the release papers that had condemned her to as many years as it would take to “cure” her of her wannabe tendencies. It was taken from her shortly afterwards and replaced with a facsimile of the shapeless smock she was in the process of tearing off.
Carly allowed herself the luxury of examining her profile in the mirror. The years of imprisonment had helped her keep herself in trim, she was encouraged by the hospital staff to take exercise to help focus her mind. After all, what else was she to do with all the time she had on her hands? The food was nutritious but dull, so there was little point in over eating. All in all, excepting her pale complexion she looked in good health, although she would have instinctively chided anyone who suggested she was “hot”, since this would be a sign of self obsessed weakness.
Setting the shirt to one side Carly washed, put on a little make up and pulled on the pedal pushers, followed by the plain trainers. Finally pulling the t-shirt over her head, she turned and looked again in the small mirror by her bedside table.
Carly was still sobbing when Andrew Ickworth arrived to escort her to Solo.
“Carly, it’s time to go. The car is waiting to take us to the station.”
Carly wiped her eyes, smudging her freshly applied make up.
“I just need to fix this, and I’ll be right there.”
Andrew tried not to sound impatient. “You can fix it on the way in the car. We really need to go, otherwise we will miss our train.”
Carly looked up through bloodshot eyes.
“Train? How far is this place?”
“It’s not far Carly. It’s just that the train is the easiest way to reach it. The traffic is going to be pretty rough this evening, trouble on the underground lines again.”

Public Transport had been vastly improved by the huge amounts of energy poured into them by the government to ensure plenty of work for engineering apprentices. This improvement was achieved partly through the decommissioning of a large number of the underground lines and bus routes, but mostly through large amounts of money. The consolidation led to a concentration of resources that allowed them to provide a cheap and effective alternative to the motorcar. Of course the taxi firms were furious at having to cut their prices, and for a short time the few remaining advertising firms were heavily involved in an ever-worsening frenzy of bitching, until finally the government stepped in and bought the taxi firms, thus bringing the whole discussion to a thoroughly inconclusive and unsatisfactory conclusion. The taxi firms and bus companies were merged and told to stop treading on each others toes and generally get their act together.
The closed down areas of the underground were sealed at either end and forgotten about. Soon the large numbers of ex-Wannabes that were roaming the streets of London found their way into the tunnels, taking residence in the stations to give shelter from the chilly English air. This was something of a relief to the London councils who were beginning to wonder about what to do with them all having filled as many asylums as they could set up, even after resorting to private financing. Soon they re-instated the electricity and water supplies to the many decommissioned stations, figuring that the minimal costs were better than the Wannabes roaming the streets. For their part the Wannabes generally stuck to the underground routes. Eventually some of the old rolling stock was resurrected. The Wannabes did not have the ability to do this, but if there was one thing that they had going for them it was contacts, people who could do things for them. Despite falling out of favour with the general populace, a small number of brave promoters were keen to stick by their charges, on the off chance they may come back into fashion. These contacts were capable of providing virtually anything, particularly young engineers who were keen to help, in return for special performances and, in some cases, funding for their research projects.
The Wannabes had effectively built themselves a town underneath the feet of the city dwellers above them, who were just glad to be able to forget that they existed at all.
Of course this new utopia was not without its problems. After a brief period where the bigger names tiptoed around each other to the best of their ability, which to be honest was less tiptoe and more flat footed clumsiness, the Wannabes began to irritate each other beyond their capacity to laugh it off. Soon the promoters found themselves policing their charges, even though the few underground dwellers who hadn’t fried their brains on the heady mix of class A drugs still widely available had observed that these corruptible guardians were the worst possible group to do so.
After several long months of wrangling between managers, agents, some of the less flaky Wannabes and even a few local councillors, an informal committee was convened to oversee the day to day problems experienced by the Wannabes and their hangers on. This thankless task fell primarily on the shoulders of five individuals, one from each of the distinct communities which lived below the ground. Firstly the “performers”, represented by Lorny Deuce, once a very successful comedienne and satirist. She commanded a great deal of respect from the vast majority of the residents. She was joined by a well known agent called Cybil Black, who had represented many Celebrities, most of whom were now locked up in the Asylums around London. The “stylists” were represented by George Trenmill, well known for his contacts not only in the world of fashion but also in every field of production and promotion throughout the country. Many of the underground residents were wary of George, or any conversation in which his name was mentioned since anything that was said about him, even in confidence, seemed to eventually find it’s way to his ears. The last member of the panel was from the group possibly most aggrieved by the Wannabe presence in the stations – the homeless. Known as Flanker, their representative was once said to have described the newcomers’ arrival as “being overrun by pouting whinging noisy little halfwits, and some celebrities too.” 
The Committee was chaired by Spencer Jones. Jones, once a significant force in the world of patent law, had retired a few years after the anti-disaster of the Star of the East. Many of the fixtures on the Star of the East had been custom designed and as such were patented in line with the usual procedures. Unfortunately many of these patents had to be withdrawn once it was discovered that they had been designed primarily to fail, a detail which was understandably absent from the original blueprints. Jones received substantial sums from the sponsors to help keep the finer details of the ensuing court battles safe from the prying eyes of the press. For the most part he was successful, but as the stress levels rose to crescendo in the closing weeks Jones suffered a heart attack and spent several weeks in hospital. Following the final case, he announced his widely anticipated retirement, declaring his intention to move into a less stressful industry, such as stock-broking or starting his own dot com business. Chairing this committee, known rather over dramatically as the Famous Five, was a compromise Jones had come to with his wife, who had considered his alternative career choices as slightly unsuitable. 
The committee negotiated many of the deals for power, water, food and maintenance, relying on the generous nature of a small number of councils, aware of the delicate balance they needed to strike between keeping these people off the streets and acquiring a dangerous reputation for being over sympathetic to their cause. George Trenmill was in this respect a very valuable member of the team. With his substantial list of contacts there seemed to be very little that George could not obtain either by fair means or foul, although the foul means were usually glossed over to ensure everyone maintained a quiet life.
However well the Famous Five controlled the growing community, occasionally the aggravation spilled out into those areas of the underground network that were still under government control. This is what had happened the morning of Carly’s release, when a stilt walker had become trapped on the rails whilst running from an angry saw wielding builder after having created potholes in some freshly laid concrete. After keeping his balance for a creditable twenty seconds his life eventually came to a sad conclusion when he keeled over, landing on the central rail of the District line.

Carly shed few tears on her departure from the Star of the East. In fact she was surprised by the fact that the Doctor seemed more anxious about leaving than she was.
“Doctor Ickworth,” she ventured during the short journey to the train station, “are you okay? You seem a little anxious.”
Andrew grinned gently. “I would say wistful actually. You see Carly, I won’t be going back to the Wannabe, er I mean Star of the East.”
“Why not?” Carly threw the Doctor her best look of concern.
“Personal reasons mostly. That and the fact that as you may have noticed, there have been fewer residents just lately.” He disengaged himself from her gaze and looking out of the window added poignantly “I am a victim of my own success. As we cure more people there are less and less people coming into the asylums.”
“Asylums? I thought they were referred to as hospitals.”
“You will find a lot of things are slightly different from the world you knew within the ‘hospital’ Carly. A few things will be very different.”
“I don’t really understand Doctor. I thought the sessions on world and current affairs were aimed at preparing us for our return to society?”
 “Oh they were, they are. But we could only go so far before the details affected your treatment. Don’t concern yourself too much; you have some way to go before you must deal with the more contrary issues.” Andrew turned to face her. “I suppose what I’m trying to do is warn you – life in the outside world may not be as good as you may have been led to believe.”
Carly gazed out of the car at the twilight sky, black and threatening through the heavily tinted glass. She was torn between persuading Andrew to divulge further information, or leaving him to his own thoughts, troubled as they were. The decision was made for her, as they reached the wide, drive through drop off point at Greenhithe station.
Part Three - Relief, of sorts

Bursting through the narrow security door Alistair was met by the Senior Hospital Administrator.
“Alistair, thank goodness. We were concerned about you.”
“I’m sorry Mr Lomas, I’ve had the most terrible afternoon. I’m really dreadfully sorry.”
Daniel Lomas laughed and put one arm around his shoulder. “Alistair, don’t worry! We were just worried after you because it’s just not like you to be late. But now you’re here, I suggest you take a moment to calm yourself and then I’ll brief you on today’s arrivals. It won’t take long, things have been reasonably quiet here today. Coffee?”
“Yes, thank you.” Alistair slipped into a chair, taking a deep breath and accepting the mug of steaming black coffee presented to him by his boss.
“So, your terrible day – anything I can help you with?”
“I don’t think so Mr Lomas, but thank you for the offer. Just a small number of problems ganging up on me at the same time.”
“Well if you want to talk about it, I’m sure I can find a moment to fit you in. Anyhow, I have the post to organise so if you’ll excuse me for a few minutes.”
Post! As Daniel turned to go Alistair fumbled around in his pocket, pulling out the tatty letter, shouting after him.
“Could you possibly send this out? I meant to post it this afternoon, but with one thing and the other I never managed it.”
Daniel accepted the crumpled envelope, a gentle look of distaste in his eyes. He eyed the address. “Wouldn’t you like to put it in a new envelope? You don’t want to be sending a letter to your mother in a state like this. Besides, the seal has been broken.” 
Alistair took the letter back, turning it over and observing the broken seal. “I guess I ought to do something about that.”
“Very well Alistair.” With one final concerned look, Daniel headed for the door.
“Oh, Alistair, one last thing.”
“Yes Mr Lomas?”
“I don’t want to see you out of this room for at least ten minutes. I don’t know what has happened to you today, but you look absolutely terrible.” With that Daniel turned on his heel and left the room.
“Thank you Mr Lomas.”
Alistair sat gathering his thoughts. Removing his letter he threw the envelope in a nearby recycling bin. Musing on how different the world seemed now to when he wrote the letter, Alistair tried to piece together his mixed thoughts about the preceding couple of hours.
Perhaps he was blowing this out of proportion. The first thing that had struck him as he looked around the staff room was that it was exactly as he remembered it. Nothing had changed, no bright shining light had hit him since his afternoon adventure, opening his eyes up to the big bad world he had discovered. What did these people care about what goes on in the basement of their local bookshop? After all, to quote a cliché, what they didn’t know wouldn’t hurt them.
Only one problem nagged away at Alistair’s conscience. The problem was that he did know. It did not matter if the world looked the same to him, it also did not matter if he could forget what he had seen this morning, which was extremely unlikely. The Boss had made it perfectly clear that their “policy” was not to forget about him, so the knowledge he now had would keep him paranoid for a good deal of time yet.
Complicating this was the fact that there was one aspect of his experience that Alistair certainly did not want to forget. It was her face. He had never seen a face like hers, never felt anything like it before. Despite the distress, not to mention the expense, of his accidental visit to the voyeur club, Alistair was strangely glad that he had found his way there.
Having calmly dealt with his fears, drunk two cups of coffee, resealed his letter using a spare seal he kept in his staff locker, he now had just one thing left to deal with.
He had to find the girl. He just had no idea where to start. So, for now, he decided that his best option was to settle down to his nights work, and see what developed in the morning. He consoled himself with the fact that if he was really pushed, he now had a six month membership at the only place in town where he could see that face again. He just hoped he wouldn’t have to use it.

“Mr Lomas?”
“Alistair, great. How are you feeling now?”
Alistair smiled calmly.
“Much better. I think it must just have been the taxi journey. The drivers are all rather tetchy today.”
“Well the traffic is all snarled up because of the problems with the underground again. Stilt walker this time. Honestly. I really don’t know why the authorities put up with it. I’m no monster, Alistair, but I say block the tunnels up properly and let them get on with sawing each other up if they need to. Mind you, it’s the only excitement we’ve had here this afternoon. We’ve had to treat half a dozen people for shock, one for head injuries and twelve for inhalation of the fumes.”
“Fumes?”
“His wooden legs, they were coated in toxic paint.”
“I see. Apart from the tube incident, is there anything else?”
“Only one other patient, minor physical injuries, some cuts and bruises, mainly to the head. We were concerned at first that she may have cracked her skull, but her x-rays look okay. Doctor McGuire is more worried about her state of mind than anything else.”
“Really? Shock?”
“More like insanity. She claims to have fallen through a mirror, to be confronted by a cameraman who had been secretly filming her. How ridiculous is that?”
Alistair fought back the urge to choke. Breathing slowly, he shook his head.
“She probably has issues. Out of interest, where was she picked up from?”
“Well that was a little strange. She was dropped off by an unmarked people carrier, no badges, personal plate, blacked out windows, the whole nine yards. Seeing as it was quiet I figured to go check in with the driver myself, but couldn’t find him. The vehicle was gone, we even tried to trace it by its registration plates but came up blank.”
“Well that’s not so suspicious. I expect it’s just one of the lightweight gangs we still have around here. Remember we had the same thing last week, with old Mrs Genino. She claims her sons just dropped her here and disappeared, saying they were fed up with her stories about the boys when they were young, stealing her underwear and parading around in it.” Alistair’s mind was racing, trying to think up legitimate reasons for the story. After all, this could be the break he was after and he wanted it to himself.
“That’s true, but there is one more thing. This patient, Miss Jones, says she was an administrator at one of the asylums on the Thames.”
Alistair gulped.
“Which one?”
“I don’t know, wasn’t really that interested. After all, hidden cameras? Celebrity hideaways? Honestly. She’s worse than the Wannabe’s – at least they can’t help being disturbed. This woman seems to be taking herself to pieces. Anyway, Mrs Lomas will just be getting my dinner on the table, so I ought to be getting along. You sure you’re okay for the evening?”
“I’ll be fine, just fine. I’ll have a quick look through the paperwork, then I might see if I can help track that people carrier.”
“That’s fine, but if we get too busy don’t spend too much time on it. After all, she’s just one more crackpot in a rapidly obsessive world. Give me a call if you need me.”
With that Daniel Lomas swept out of the office, pausing only to collect his coat and offer his assistant a lift to the station.
Alistair settled into his paperwork, but found it difficult to concentrate. Anna Jones. The name was familiar. That PR woman in the broadcast at the club had mentioned a Miss Jones. As he skimmed through the file, one item drew his attention. The answer to the final question he had levelled at his boss, confirming what he already assumed. The name of the asylum, Star of the East.

“I’ve told you, I don’t want anything to eat. I just want to get out of here and go home.”
The Nurse sighed. This isn’t exactly what she was expecting when she agreed to cover her sisters evening shift.
“Miss Jones, I’m afraid that is simply not possible. Now if you insist on not eating I may have to call the ward matron.” Nurse Clark leant over to whisper in Anna’s ear. “And between you and me, you really don’t want to meet him.”
Anna thought back to the first time she met Matron Edith at the Star of the East. Perhaps the nurse was right, if the ward matron here was as much a sadistic excuse for a medical worker as Matron Edith then Anna would rather give that a miss.
“All right, you win.” Anna smiled at her new companion, registering the name on her tag. “Nurse er, Clark, have you any idea how long they are going to keep me here?”
“Please Miss Jones, call me Janice.” Janice had warmed to Anna, probably more out of sympathy than anything else. There was a great deal of speculation about how she came to be there, much of it passed on from one porter to another, which meant that much of it was unrecognisable gibberish. But to Janice, Miss Jones was just another distressed and confused patient. More confused than most to be fair, but still just another patient.
“The doctors are a little concerned that you may not be, well, to be frank, entirely in control of all your faculties.” Anna’s face showed her obvious feelings of hurt. Janice added hastily “well not yet anyway. You’ve had quite a shock, Miss Jones.”
Anna regained her composure, cheered by Janice’s attempt to cushion her feelings.
“If I’m to call you Janice, then I insist you should call me Anna.”
“I was hoping you would say that.” Janice beamed. “Now I think you need to eat your meal, would you like me to leave you in peace? I have a few things to attend to in the office, but I could find someone to sit with you if you’d like.”
“No, I’ll be fine. I could use one thing though. I’ve not had sausages for years, do you have any ketchup?” 
“I’ll see what I can do. In return, I’d like you to get some rest, once you’ve finished your food.”
“I think I can manage that, it’s been a hard day. Or two, or whatever.”
Janice rested a hand on Anna’s arm. She could see the stress written all over her face. “Don’t worry about how long, just eat your meal then get some rest.”
Anna picked at her food as she watched the nurse glide up the ward, checking with each patient in turn. The food was actually quite good, much better than they served to the inmates at the Star of the East. Mind you, she had proper stainless steel cutlery, which she knew made no difference to the taste, but still she was sure it tasted better than eating with a blunted plastic fork.
She was halfway through her second Lincolnshire sausage when the gentle thunk of a plastic bottle drew her attention.
“It’s good to see you’re eating Miss Jones. You could have waited for your ketchup though.”
Alistair smiled trying to seem relaxed and in full control. He collected Anna’s board from the foot of the bed, checking for any updates that he hadn’t yet read.
“Well I was quite surprised how tasty it was, you know, hospital food and all that.”
“From your file I can see you should know more about it than most here.”
“You’ve read my file?”
“I have, not in much detail I admit. I haven’t been on duty for that long. I assume you will have realised that we have contacted the Star of the East to corroborate your story?”
Anna was mildly surprised at the honesty of her un-named guest.
“I was waiting for someone to do that. So if they have confirmed that I am not crazy, when can I get out?”
“It’s not that straightforward, Miss Jones.” Alistair perched on the edge of the bed, lowering his voice in the hope that Anna would follow suit. “You see, not only do they say that the hospital has been quiet all evening, that they found no broken mirrors, no cameramen, no cameras, but they also claim never to have heard of you.”
Anna was static. From the outside she tried to appear calm, as though she was thinking over the events of the day rationally. Inside her mind was in turmoil, trying to imagine when and where things had started to go wrong. She had not considered the possibility that her story would be rebutted, assuming that as soon as they had been contacted she could go home. 
Alistair examined Anna’s expression, the rapid eye movement and gently stirring lips the only external signs of the internal conflict she was clearly going through.
“Miss Jones?”
Anna came to her senses, immediately putting up her guard to prevent any more emotion from draining out of her face. “I’m sorry, who exactly are you? You come over here, bringing me ketchup and expecting me to tell you my life story so you can laugh at me?”
Alistair stepped off the bed and backed away, waving his arms gently up and down to try and calm Anna’s nerves.
“What on earth is going on?” Janice appeared behind Alistair, clearly the voice of authority on her own patch. “Anna, will you please calm down. Alistair, all I asked you to do was organise some ketchup while I attended to the other patients.”
Anna felt immediate remorse for putting Alistair in such a poor position. “Janice, I’m sorry, it was my fault. I simply overreacted. This gentleman was simply telling me a little information, which on reflection I really needed to know.”
Janice looked suspiciously at Alistair, then at Anna. Taking Alistair to one side, she spoke to him softly.
“Alistair, what exactly did you tell her?”
“Earlier this evening I contacted the Star of the East to attempt to corroborate Miss Jones’ story. They claimed to have never heard of a Miss Anna Jones, despite her claim to have been working there for several years.”
Janice considered this new information.
“So why tell this to her now? Whoever she is, she has clearly had a rough day and challenging her story is probably unnecessary stress for her.”
“Janice, how long have we known each other?”
“Ever since I started here, which must be two years at least.”
“We’ve shared a few lunchtimes, I’ve given you some advice on money and you helped me with the situation with my mother for which, incidentally, I will be forever grateful.”
“Alistair, what does this have to do with anything?”
Alistair’s voice was low, almost a whisper.
“You see, I don’t doubt we’re not getting the whole truth, but I suspect that Miss Jones is not the one lying to us. Look at the facts. She arrives here doped up to the eyeballs, dropped off by an anonymous car, which then mysteriously disappears, with injuries which are consistent with her having fallen through glass, or a mirror.”
“What exactly does Miss Jones say happened to her? I must admit most of the information I’ve heard is from inside sources which, I‘m sure you know, are not the most accurate.”
“She claims to have fallen through a mirror in the corridor of the Star of the East Wannabe Asylum, out on the Thames. Rather than a wall, she says she discovered a cameraman filming her every move through a one way mirror. This is the last thing she remembers until waking here in the hospital.”
“That’s pretty much what I heard. I’d discounted it as gossip.”
“Now the really juicy bit.” Alistair turned his back on Anna. “Not only can I find no trace of any records for our Anna Jones, but any Anna Jones, anywhere in London. Surely you would expect to find at least a hundred Anna Jones here in London?”
“Are you saying the central database has been tampered with? That’s not possible.”
“Well possibly not the central database, I believe that to be as well protected and consistent as the Ministry of Information claims. That doesn’t however stop the search facility from being tampered with.” 
“Alistair, you’ve totally lost the plot, what with that little outburst earlier this evening, and now this. What is going on in that head of yours?”
“If you’d had the day that I have had so far, you’d be pretty distressed. There is so much going on in this world that until today, I didn’t know about. Perhaps I’m just being paranoid about how deep the misinformation goes.”
“I’m sorry, what do you mean ‘how deep’?”
“There must be some information on this woman somewhere. I’ve tried names, finger prints, dental records, DNA swabs, everything. Surely I should be able to find something, unless it has been hidden or covered up? That kind of tampering requires some power.”
Janice sighed.
“I agree it seems suspicious, but that’s all it is. Just a suspicion. I presume you tried an alternative search to prove that the system wasn’t faulty?”
Alistair was surprised. “Well, actually, no I didn’t.”
“Well I’m no technician, Alistair, but isn’t there a chance that your lack of information is simply a system problem? God knows we’ve had our fair share of those in the last few months.”
Alistair considered this. If only he could tell Janice about his day. His trip into the depths of the voyeur clubs, the implied connection to Andrew Peterson. But then how would he prove that? Show her his membership card? That wasn’t much to look at. Take her there? He suspected that wasn’t such a good idea, but might be a last ditch option. 
Alistair turned back to Anna.
“Miss Jones, tell me something. There appears to be something missing from my notes.”
Anna raised her eyebrows, her mouth full of cold potato.
“We don’t seem to have an address for you.”
Anna chewed slowly, finally swallowing her food. “I lived at the hospital, in my own apartment. It seemed easier and much cheaper than renting a flat round here.” Listening to her own words, something dawned on Anna.
“I can’t go back there can I?”
Janice touched Alistair on the arm. He nodded, encouraging her to help him push Anna a little further.
“What makes you say that?”
Anna laughed. “I’m sorry, you sound like a cheap psychiatrist. I say that because clearly if I used to live there, I don’t anymore since they deny all knowledge of me. And if what I overheard of your conversation is true, I now have nowhere to go.”
Alistair was finally stuck for words. Janice was the first to break the disconsolate silence. 
“Anna, it may not be all that bad. Now, I think you need to rest. I’ll be back to check on you in the morning. Alistair, can you just come and help me with a few things?”
Alistair followed Janice to the ward office. Just as they reached the door, Janice turned to talk to him.
“Okay, here’s the deal. Let’s re-run the search, and see what comes up. If there is information in there, then you drop this silly game. If we cannot find the information, then we start to dig a little deeper.”
Alistair knew better than to argue. Despite the fact that Janice clearly did not have the information that he did, he agreed.
Together they sat at the small terminal and re-ran Alistair’s previous search.

In a darkened office in Whitehall a gentle alarm alerted an operator to a repeated search on a monitored page.

Deep down Carly felt like a little girl again. It had been so long since she’d been on a train. She didn’t really notice the fast food style seats and the grey on grey colour scheme which was functional but clearly left something to be desired. She thrilled at the tinny sound of the driver’s voice as he promised an imminent departure, the low beep of the door controls and the squeaking automatic doors. She gazed out of the window, the lights in the estuary giving a double reflection in the scuffed double glazed windows.
Andrew Ickworth, however, was clearly not enjoying the journey. His nostrils were clenched together, as if he was trying to filter out the imaginary stench of public transport. Despite the trains being clean, efficient and punctual they were still simple, basic, functional vehicles with no character, a clear sign that even in these sober times public transport was the domain of the lower to middle working class. Anyone with any self esteem preferred to be transported by car. After all with all the workaday regular Joe’s on the train, travel by car, although expensive unless you were a civil servant, was swift even in the centre of the world’s busiest cities, including London. That was until something ridiculous happened, like a stilt walker falling onto the District line. Gridlock was still seldom a problem, since most journeys by car were made by people who had a choice whether to make the journey and, when the traffic was expected to be bad, they simply cancelled their journey and stayed at home. This in turn meant the few people who drove and did not have a choice were pleasantly surprised at the lack of traffic, later relaying to their friends and relatives how they did not understand what all the fuss had been about.
As such Ickworth was clearly not comfortable to not only be forced to take a train, but forced to make a journey at all since in normal circumstances he would simply have stayed where he was, poured himself another drink and spent the evening listening to Radio Four.
As the train smoothly let itself out of the station Carly could just see downstream far enough to spot the bow of the floodlit Star of the East.
“Look Doctor, you can see the ship from here.”
Ickworth simply grunted, raising his eyes from the floor just long enough to notice the lights around the ship slowly dimming. Eddie must have completed the packing and was having the lights shut off before throwing the last of the equipment overboard. All the same, he hoped they were out of sight of the ship before they went ahead just in case.
“Carly, come and sit here for a moment. I have some last bits of paperwork to work through.”
“But I can’t see the ship from there. Can’t I just stay for a moment?”
“I would have thought you had seen enough of that by now. Don’t dwell on your old life, your new life is in this direction.”
Carly twisted in her seat, taking one last look at the Star of the East. It was difficult to see now they had switched the lights off.
“Do they always switch the lights off? It seems strange to go to all that trouble of lighting it up and then not have them switched on.”
Ickworth was beginning to lose patience.
“Will you just come and sit here? The lighting is now the least of your problems. I need to brief you on what will happen over the next few hours. That’s fine, yes, just there. Now read this.”
Carly was handed a wire bound book labelled ‘Solo Centre – Rules and Guidelines’. Flicking to the first page, she began to study the text.

A tinny buzz filled the dimly lit office.
“Miss Hudd, please can you tell Mr Walker that I will see him…”
Miss Hudd jumped as the door to her small office burst open. The party of three marched through the office towards the door on the other side. Miss Hudd recognised the two men, but couldn’t put a name to their faces. She assumed this was down to the fact that she wasn’t good with names, but it was actually that she had, in common with a large number of other people in the Ministry, never been told. The woman was unfamiliar to her, although from the way she breezed through she was clearly familiar with the layout of the Ministers’ rooms.
“Excuse me, Sirs, Madam, the Minister is about to start a meeting…”
“Exactly right.” The woman had a voice almost as severe as her dress sense, which was considerable. “With us. Hold all his calls, we do not want to be disturbed.”
Miss Hudd reached for her phone but one of the men got there first, unplugging the handset and scowling at her, daring her to try and get it back. The other man and the severely dressed woman carried on through to the Minister’s office. Miss Hudd could just hear the objections of the Minister as they burst in, and then silence.
Miss Jeannie Hudd had worked for the Ministry of Information for five years. In that time she had risen from a lowly filing clerk to the dizzy heights of Personal Assistant to the Parliamentary Secretary for Information Control. She was not sure what this entailed, but it was a highly sought after job and at least her parents were proud of her. The Minister, a quietly spoken portly man with a sarcastic sense of humour, had been very good to her and in turn she had made an effort to go beyond the call of duty whenever she could, keeping his personal diary, taking messages for his friends and of course reminding him of his anniversary and his wife’s birthday. She wondered how to deal with the current problem, hoping that the Minister would not be too cross. At that point the office door burst open and noise exploded into the hushed office.
“This is preposterous. We must find the informer as soon as possible and put a stop to this right now.”
“I agree Minister, absolutely.” The woman’s voice was now sweet and smarmy; clearly she was getting her way.
“Miss Hudd, clear my diary for the rest of the day. I shall not be returning to the office until late.”
Mr Walker stood up, almost apologetically. “Er, Sir, we had an appointment to discuss tomorrow’s press conference about the stilt walker on the underground today?”
“No time Walker. I’m sure you can handle it.”
With that the Minister flew out of the door, followed by his two unnamed visitors. As the air quietened, the third visitor handed Jeannie’s phone back to her, nodded an acknowledgement to Walker and followed the others outside.
Jeannie looked to Walker for an explanation, but Walker just shrugged, knelt down by the desk to plug her phone back in and then left through the panelled door, pulling it to behind him. Jeannie started the laborious task of clearing the Minister’s diary, taking the precaution of clearing the first part of the next day too.

Outside in the sunken car park the security guards watched the Parliamentary Secretary for Information Control climb into the black people carrier, followed by two serious looking agents. A motor cycle escort led them out through the exit, as they headed towards the centre of the city.

“Okay, now tell me everything. You say that someone is performing searches against the asylum databases?”
“Well, not exactly. It’s complicated but basically since we cannot tamper with the central databases without setting off key traps, we have put various filters on the search facilities all over the country, including the unique database search routines written for the health service.” The Minister sighed. The male agent was clearly a bit of a techy. The Minister hated these people, especially anyone who could understand things that were beyond his limited technical knowledge.
“Health? Goodness. I said involving the private clinics in this was risky.”
“From what I have learned it was a calculated risk, but actually we believe the search was run from within a public hospital.”
The Minister scowled at him, this was a far more serious problem.
“How can you be so sure?”
“Because we monitor every single search that is run at the private clinics. I believe that was one of your stipulations, actually, Sir, since you were so worried about security.”
“So the search was definitely run from the health service servers, but not from a private clinic? I suppose that does lead to a public hospital, or possibly a Ministerial terminal?”
“Can’t be a Ministerial terminal Sir, they don’t have access to the necessary xml modules to perform this search. Plus all the Ministerial terminals are on fixed addresses, and this search was run from a dynamically assigned address.”
The Minister tried to look knowledgeable, gently nodding as the statement drifted slowly over his balding head. “So which hospital?”
“That is a slightly more difficult question to answer. We have a very short window of opportunity before the addresses change, which is why Dame Peterson has summoned you to this meeting. We need to move right now, but there is only one way to be sure we capture the relevant data from the system. We have to close down the Health Service servers and take backups of their transaction logs.”
The Minister struggled to comprehend. “Presumably that would affect their ability to work, and then we would have the press to deal with. I don’t know how we are going to…”
The female agent, who had been quietly listening to the conversation, chose her moment to interrupt.
“There is one other way, Minister.”
The Minister stopped talking and raised one eyebrow.
“A total physical closedown of the most likely locations. How about a toxic outbreak, or perhaps some highly contagious disease. That way we have the scope to shut down the systems, and also the physical security to catch the culprit with the minimal possibility of escape.”
“That’s a serious piece of theatre you’re talking about there. How many sites?”
“We know it’s a London hospital, definitely in one of the Emergency departments. To be sure we’d have to close down at least 20 sites, but no more than 23.”
“23 sites? Can we cope with that volume of disruption?”
“Of course Minister. We have a number of contingency plans, most of them related to the possibility of a highly contagious disease striking one of the cities hospitals.”
The Minister wiped his brow with the back of his hand, closing his eyes for a few seconds. “I’m not at all sure about this. We could cause mass panic. It’s a very risky strategy that could leave our entire operation under extreme scrutiny.”
“Well really that is Dame Peterson’s call, we are merely here to present the options and protect the interests of the government, if you recall.”
“Of course I recall that. It’s the very thing that worries me. While the Prime Minister has no idea where the money came from to fund the improvements to the health service he demanded from us, then he is at no risk. If we proceed with a high risk strategy he may not be able to avoid becoming involved. My preference is the strategy with the least publicity involved, and that is what I shall be advising Dame Peterson.” The Minister looked flustered, his face turning purple as his blood pressure increased.
The female agent opened her mouth as if to press her case but was cut off by her companion. “Very good Minister.”

“See what I mean?” Alistair pointed at the centre of the terminal screen, the middle section of which was obscured by a box titled ‘No search results found.’
“That is odd. I’m pretty sure I was able to do this search when Miss Jones first arrived here, although I was a little surprised at the lack of information recorded about her. Now it seems she has disappeared off the face of the earth.”
“I told you there was more to this than we were being told.”
Janice pushed the door to and stepped into the gap between Alistair and the terminal. Kneeling she spoke to him in a low conspiratorial voice.
“That’s a fine thing for you to say.”
“What do you mean?”
“Don’t be so coy, Alistair, not to mention hypocritical. I can feel that you know more than you’re telling me. You come rushing into work earlier on…”
“You heard about that?”
“Of course I did. For goodness sake, you’re the calmest person anyone in this place knows. Then you arrive here, flustered, and late, also uncharacteristic, incidentally. Then you start worrying about an individual patient, who seems to have taken more of your attention than is sensible for a man with a whole hospital to run. What is going on?”
Alistair sighed. For a moment they stared at each other. Alistair broke off first, seeing too much of himself reflected in her eyes. Damn it, why could he not hide anything from her?
“Okay, I’ll tell you, but not here. Do you think you can get cover for ten minutes? I’m going to need a coffee to get through this.”
Janice opened the door and called to a nearby staff nurse. Then having checked that Anna Jones was resting, they left the hospital through a fire exit at the end of the ward.

Five minutes later Alistair was sitting in a small café staring into a large mug of black coffee, as Janice sat opposite him heaping teaspoons of sugar into an identical mug.
“I don’t really know where to start. I suppose I’ll tell you about my day.”
“That sounds like a good idea.”
And so Alistair led Janice through his day, including his lay in that morning, his interest in the ‘hot topic’ on Radio Four, through to his trip to the bookshop. As he related the tale of his stumbling into the voyeur club Janice sat, attentive and silent, taking in the detail as Alistair described how he was ejected from the club, and subsequently followed until he caught the taxi.
When Alistair had finished, the two of them sat in silence as Janice digested the information Alistair had just related.
“Well.” Janice said. Then a few minutes later she said it again. “Well, well, well.”
“So what are you thinking? I promise you, that is the absolute truth, I couldn’t dream something like that up.”
“Oh I believe you Alistair. In fact I’ve often wondered where all those technicians and producers went to after the “revolution”, for want of a better word. Then all this codswallop about asylums, and re-integration into society. I’ve never met anyone who was re-integrated, have you? Don’t you find that strange bearing in mind our profession? No, I really only have one major worry right now. Did you give them your home address?”
“Who?”
“The thugs in the club you idiot.”
“Oh, no I didn’t.”
“And how did you pay?”
“By credit card. Why? I hardly think they can find out the information from that.”
Janice slapped herself on the forehead, throwing her head back.
“You dolt. These people have been hiding under our feet for what, a good ten years, perhaps? That takes a lot of power, contacts. Which means that by now they have your bank details, home address, spending patterns, they know what you bought your mother for her birthday, they know that you bought everyone at work the same Christmas present and identical cards. It’s clear to me you can’t go back to your flat this evening.”
“But I did everything they asked of me, I’m at no real risk.”
“Really? You don’t believe they will consider you a threat? When here you are, explaining all this to me, and, I might add, implicating me in your sordid misfortune?”
“So what do you suggest?”
“I suggest we stick to a normal routine and not panic. We need to get back to the hospital before we are missed, and you, Mr Smythe, need to get Anna Jones transferred to a private room before she really sets the cat among the pigeons.”
Alistair saw he had little choice but to comply. Besides, he felt like a tremendous weight had been lifted from him, after all as his mother had always told him, if you do it right a problem shared is then someone else’s problem. Alistair stood, fetched Janice’s coat and they left to make their way back to the hospital.

As they turned the last corner just before splitting up to re-enter the hospital, Alistair and Janice were aware of a commotion by the front entrance. Three white vans had blocked off the road in both directions and plastic suited medics were unrolling yellow and black striped tape, as a number of Her Majesty’s Metropolitan Police officers looked on from a safe distance.
Alistair grabbed a passer by, who was busy making a speedy exit from the scene.
“What’s happening down there?”
“Some kind of nasty outbreak in the hospital. They say they need to close off the whole area, so I’m getting out of here sharp-ish.” The passer by broke out of Alistair’s grip and disappeared down the road. Janice rummaged in her bag for her phone.
Alistair pulled her back round the corner as two paramedics ran back towards the hospital. “I don’t remember anything in daily reports that would suggest this, do you?”
Janice wasn’t listening to him, as she fast dialled the ward.
“Helen? What on earth is going on in there? What do you mean highly contagious? What exactly? Surely they’ve told you what they have found? We are outside, just popped out for a breath of air. We? I mean I. Sorry, what was that? She’s gone where? Well weren’t you watching her? Well I suppose so, no, you can’t blame yourself. She can’t be far away, don’t panic. I’ll contact you later, if I hear anything from here.” Janice dropped the phone back in her bag and leant with her back against the wall.
“Well so much for laying low.” She sighed.
“Laying low?”
Apparently they’re closing off every hospital in the area.”
“Every one of them?”
“And what’s more, Anna Jones is gone.”
“Gone?”
“Is there an echo out here? Yes, gone. No-one saw her leave, in fact Helen hadn’t seen her since we popped out earlier on.”
“Oh. So what now?”
“How about another coffee? You’re paying again I’m afraid, my purse is in my jacket in the locker room and I’m guessing that in the unlikely event we got in, we would be very unlikely to get out again.”

“It’s such a shame that the Minister couldn’t join us, don’t you think?” Dame Peterson had a statesmanlike quality about her, from her posture right through to her plummy voice, showing her years of breeding. “Still, it was fortunate he could relay his thoughts to you before he was taken ill.”
Andrew Peterson nodded in agreement as the two ministerial aides bowed their heads.
“I’m sure you’ve made a very good decision mother, we’ll have all this sorted out very quickly and then perhaps we can get you back to your fishing.”
“That would be nice, dear. You’re so caring.” She planted a gentle kiss on the cheek of her son and shuffled off into the next room.
Andrew Peterson lowered his voice to a whisper. “You see to it that this breach is sealed. We have a lot at stake here, I’ve lost too much already this evening having to shut down the Wannabe Cured, I do not want to have to lose more sleep. Tell Baz I want this over with by tomorrow morning.”
The aides nodded and turned to leave.
“One more thing – tell George I want to see him. Now.”

“What was that for? There’s no need to pinch me you know.” Alistair turned to Janice, rubbing his ear.
“What?” Alistair pointed at the side of his head. “Honestly Alistair, I know you’ve been through it today but really I think you are becoming paranoid. Perhaps I shouldn’t have mentioned the credit card, or your mother for that matter. In fact I’ve always considered your mother to be a little strange, I get the feeling that if they turn up at her house she will simply invite them in for a cup of tea, roll out the best china and fondant fancies and treat them to a nice… are you listening to me?”
Alistair wasn’t there.
Janice looked around her, visually retracing her steps. The hustle of the people trying to escape the mysterious and frankly unlikely viral outbreak made it difficult to retrace her steps physically, although she tried as best she could. Fighting her way through she reached the point at which she had last seen him while he was complaining about being pinched on the ear. Standing with her back to a wheelie bin she searched the crowd for his gangly shape. She berated herself for a second time about mentioning his mother. I am a silly moo, she thought quietly to herself. Then just for a moment she allowed herself to be distracted by the concept of thinking quietly. How was it possible to think any other way? It’s not as though you could mentally shout at yourself. Perhaps if you were telepathic you could project quietly, or turn up the amplification a notch. She was vaguely familiar with the alleged programs developed by the US and the former USSR in the cold war a few decades ago, which were supposedly training gifted children to be weapons of destruction. Whatever the possibility, it was unlikely you could cause the sharp pain that she felt immediately after this thought, as she was wrenched backwards between the bins, twisting her ankle as she struggled to correct her balance.
“What the…” a hand reached across her mouth “Mmmmful, mmmfler eeeek!”
“Shhh, keep it down, it’s only me.”
Janice turned in the half light behind the bins. “Alistair?”
“I found a friend.”
Anna snorted. “You mean I found you. Honestly, I was following you two for about twenty metres, before I finally managed to get your attention.”
“Anna, what are you doing out of the ward? Nurse Wakern was most concerned about your disappearance.”
“I’m the last thing Helen Wakern needs to worry about right now. While I was watching those vans arrive I spotted a few familiar faces, people I remembered from somewhere but couldn’t quite place. Now the drugs are wearing off I’m starting to remember a few more details and I’m pretty sure at least two of them used to be orderly’s on the Star of the East. Now, what would they be doing as part of a rapid response contamination control team?”
Alistair and Janice looked blankly at her, not from incomprehension but simply a loss for words.
“Hello? There’s no viral infection.”
“We know that Anna, give us some credit. We suspected that they were looking for you.”
“Maybe. I’m not well up on conspiracy theory, but surely if they had considered me this much of a threat they would simply have tied one of their precious cameras to my feet and thrown me over the bow of the asylum earlier? There has to be more to it.”
Alistair slumped against the wall. “The search.”
“Excuse me? What search?”
“Anna, while you were supposed to be resting we performed a number of searches for information related to your history. We couldn’t find anything.”
“Tell me something I don’t already know.”
“If you insist. We think the search engines have been tampered with.” Alistair paused, to let this thought settle for a moment.
The thought settled.
“But I thought that was impossible?”
“Only the central database is totally secure. The search engines are vulnerable to attack. It’s really only feasible from the inside, but it’s possible all the same.” Alistair paused again, to let this thought settle too.
This thought nestled in next to the thought that the search engines could have been tampered with.
Anna raised her eyebrows into her best ‘I think you’re over analysing this slightly’ expression.
“So what you’re saying is that someone broke into the internal workings of the Ministry for Information, hacking through multiple layers of security and firewalls simply to cover up the fact that I worked for a hospital moored in the middle of the Thames, helping morally-challenged residents to return to a life of normality and piety within our society?”
“Not particularly although I must say you put that quite elegantly. No, what I intended you to understand is that I think this was an inside job, someone within the Ministry, perhaps. Quite possibly someone under the employ of one of the voyeur clubs.”
Alistair’s latest thought fell into Anna’s mindset like a cuckoo’s egg into a blackbird’s nest, ousting any previous thoughts of a lightweight conspiracy and replacing them with the matted feathers of confusion.
“Whoa there, what do you mean voyeur clubs?”
Alistair sighed. “It’s a long story, but suffice to say if you’re right, and they are no longer chasing you, the most likely possibility is that they are chasing me. So I think perhaps we ought to make ourselves scarce while there is enough human traffic out there to give us cover.”
Anna and Janice agreed, although not before Anna insisted that Alistair lend her his coat.
“Alistair, it’s going to be hard to be inconspicuous wearing an open backed hospital gown, don’t you think? Although perhaps if this was London Fashion Week I might get away with it.”
“London Fashion Week?”
Janice and Anna both sighed, as the memories of childhood fantasies of catwalks and cocaine binges drifted through their minds.
“Oh never mind. Let’s just get out of here.”
Janice checked the street in both directions. “Where do you suggest?”
Alistair thought for a moment.

In the movies and adventure novels fugitives always try to put themselves in the shoes of the people who are pursuing them, trying to think of the most unlikely place that they will search. Of course any right minded person would, at this point, have headed straight for Acapulco with simply a stolen credit card and as much cash as could be extracted from the local cash machine to keep them company. However in the movies they frequently come to the conclusion that this safest of all locations is right under the nose of their pursuers. This of course, nearly always turns out to be a disastrous idea and it had occurred to Janice Clark that someone of Alistair’s good reading and sensible upbringing would probably make the safe decision.

Alistair thought for another moment, and then turned to Anna.
“When your patients leave the Star of the East, where are they taken?”
Janice sighed. One-nil to irrational logic.

Part Four - Revelation

Andrew Peterson waved cheerfully as his mother’s car trundled off across the gravel driveway. Only the over compensating grimace was a clue to his internal desire to blow the Bentley to smithereens with the largest rocket propelled grenade launcher he could get his hands on. Bearing in mind his contacts in the military, he was sure he could get something that could do substantial damage, even to a Bentley. He played it over in his mind; kneel gently, prop the launcher on its tripod base, load the grenade, take careful aim then whoosh! Watch the old witch burn in a mighty fireball. A few years back he had planned to take her out using a hit-man, until he realised that his mother’s insurance policy, although covering pretty much everything including the various acts of God that could potentially cut her life shorter than the one hundred and twenty years he dreaded that she would last, disappointingly ruled out any assassination attempt by an unhappy customer, which was to be the clear motive for the terrible disaster that would have befallen his family. Besides, she made an effective figurehead for him to hide behind.
“…and then we’ll tie him up by his legs and find out where she went.”
Peterson coasted back into the harsh reality of the real world, complete with his mother, quite clearly alive and not going anywhere soon.
“Peterson, what can you do to help us with this? I hope you will bring something to the table so to speak, because to be honest your mother was less than helpful.”
Peterson fixed a neutral expression on his face and turned to face the man who was at this moment in time possibly the least favourite of his friends.
James Whale was a fat man. It sounds harsh, but it was true. Peterson guessed that Whale had more fat in his stubby little fingers than Peterson had in his whole arm. He remembered James before he embarked on what seemed to be a challenge to become the most obese politician in the country, ably assisted by a lavish lifestyle of complimentary dinners, foreign holidays and boxes of Belgian chocolates. Two heart attacks caused by his clogged arteries should have been a sign to him, but as long as the paramedics kept bringing him back from the dead, Whale was unlikely to consider toning down his elaborate indigestible lifestyle. When he could no longer fit in his clothes, he simply bought larger ones. When he found it difficult to fit in the back of his chauffeur driven Jaguar, he had simply bought a Mercedes. When he could no longer fit through the doors of his house, he had them widened. As did anyone who valued his patronage. Valued was perhaps too strong a word, implying loyalty. Needed, was far more accurate a description. If you wanted something done, Whale knew a man. If you wanted information discreetly distributed, Whale knew a woman. If you wanted someone discredited, Whale knew a string of wily prostitutes who could achieve this. He was a very useful man to know, but extremely high maintenance.
“Sorry Moby. Didn’t quite catch that last bit. Something about stringing him up by the ankles?” James Whale snorted.
One of Whale’s companions stepped forward. Peterson detested people who wore sunglasses in the late evening.
“If I may, Minister?”
“Of course.”
“Mr Peterson, you will be aware that we have been tracing a number of attempts to find out information related to Anna Jones, the young woman injured at the Star of the East this evening.”
“I am aware of the situation with Miss Jones, and have given you all the information I can.”
“It’s not that we are not grateful, Sir, but something rather alarming has been discovered. We traced the searches to one of the London public hospitals, then to the St. Margaret Hospital in Longarm Square. Finally we narrowed the search to one of five terminals. It was then we noticed that whereas we had believed the search had been run from one terminal which had moved to a new dynamic address, it had actually been run on two separate terminals. One in the hospital administrator’s office and the other on the same ward where they were holding Miss Jones.”
The agent gazed at Peterson, who hated geeks even more than he detested people who wore sunglasses in the evening. And as for geeks who wore sunglasses, well, you get the idea.
“So I presume you have picked up the hospital administrator?”
“Alistair Smythe? That’s where things get a little muddy I’m afraid.”
The agent shuffled his feet, considering his words carefully, but Moby interrupted his deliberations and injected his own delicate summation of the situation.
“These bloody fools let him get away. Now he’s gone, along with the ward nurse,” Moby consulted his notes, “Janice Clark.” He paused momentarily for dramatic effect, continuing when he was sure he had Peterson’s full attention. “What’s more, Anna Jones has disappeared and by now they must know we’re on to them due to every hospital in the area being closed due to a fictional contagious outbreak which the two of them clearly would have heard something about earlier had it been genuine.”
Peterson was lost for words, so Moby threw him a few more to be going along with.
“One final thing. Alistair Smythe was identified from CCTV footage entering one of your stores this afternoon.”
Had Peterson been able to get a word in edgeways he would have claimed that this was not especially unusual, after all he had a store just down the road from St Margaret’s, a particularly special one actually. It had just recently been refurbished with state of the art lighting and dust retaining shelves, door handles and wallpaper to clean people’s hands before they touched the books, thereby preventing the stock from getting damaged. But he couldn’t, and as such another minor marketing opportunity was missed. Moby simply continued with a ridiculously misplaced triumphant grin on his chubby face.
“He was filmed entering the lift, which descended to the 3rd basement floor.”
The triumphant grin grew wider, as Peterson’s face grew pale.
“How far did he get?”
“Far enough. I spoke to Tony earlier, who using all his skills of forward planning and common sense took his credit card details and charged him for six month’s membership. Then, in a brilliant stroke of genius, he let someone who had stumbled into a top secret club without even so much as a thought for vetting how he was likely to react, walk straight back out on the street.”
“Cretin. I’ve said it before, that man is a greedy, stupid little empire builder.”
“Absolutely. And now his greedy stupidity is your problem.”
“The hell it is.” Peterson could see what was coming, and if he was going to take the rap he wanted at least to register his dissent, especially in front of the two ministry agents who had been discretely noting his reaction thus far. “Tony works for Baz, not for me. Let him sort it out.”
“Baz is otherwise engaged at the moment.”
“Preparing the ankle shackles? My God, Moby, do you have any idea what you are getting us all into? Tell you what, why not just have them all shot and be done with it?”
Moby’s smiling eyes stopped smiling, though the fixed grin was still there. His face a mixture of emotions he walked round behind Peterson and leaning over his shoulder whispered in his ear.
“Oh I intend to. But first, we have to find them. All of them - Smythe, the nurse, but most of all, Miss Anna bloody Jones.”
Peterson could see by the smirks on the faces of Moby’s companions that his whispering was much more for effect than it was for secrecy. Not wanting to be included on Moby’s ever growing list of people who needed to be disposed of, he resigned himself to the inevitable.
“Where do I start?”
“Start with Smythe. At least Tony took his credit card details, rather than letting him pay by cash. So, we know where he lives, where he works. We have a pretty good idea who he is with, and we know where she lives too. With this wealth of information I’m sure it shouldn’t be too difficult to track them down. Do you think you can manage that?”
Peterson ignored Moby’s derisive tone.
“What should I do if we find them?”
“If?” Moby snarled, prompting Peterson to correct himself.
“When.”
“Contact me on this number, then follow them until you hear from me.”
Peterson took the small grey card proffered to him by Moby, forcing himself to breathe properly. He was grateful for the small grace of not being expected to arrange the capture and hold them himself. Comforting himself with the possibly misguided opinion that this shouldn’t be that hard and once over he would be able to get back to running his bookstores again, Peterson turned sharply towards his car, nodding to the two agents as he passed them.
Once out of earshot, Moby gestured to the two agents.
“Get your people to keep an eye on him. In the meantime, I want you two to get me the low down on that doctor from the Star of the East, Inkwand, or whatever his name is.”
“Andrew Ickworth, Sir.”
“Whatever. Caz has expressed some concern over his stability, and the fact that unusually Baz agrees with her concerns me greatly. Even more so because Inkwand is accompanying our new star to the Solo Centre tonight. I want to know if he is going to be a problem.”

Carly woke suddenly from her shallow sleep. The low clacking of the rails and gentle swinging of the carriages suggested that they were moving slowly through the older parts of the rail network in the centre of the city.
Andrew Ickworth was sat beside her, carefully studying the travel section of his newspaper. He was circling various sections scrawling indecipherable notes in the margin of the paper.
“Are you planning a holiday, Doctor?”
“Something like that.”
“I’d love to take a holiday. We used to take such wonderful trips, mother and I. Athens, Monaco, New Zealand. My real regret is that I spent most of my time on those journeys either stoned or drunk.”
“I’m sure you will get the chance to go there again.” Ickworth flicked his paper impatiently. “Provided you continue your studies and work hard at the centre. Speaking of which, you should finish reading those guidelines.”
“I’m nearly done. Should we be reaching the centre soon?”
“Not for a while yet. The centre of the city will be difficult, seeing as a lot of the trains have been rerouted due to an incident earlier on.”
“An incident?”
“Nothing to worry yourself about. As you know, your treatment is very sensitive to outside interference so the less you know the easier it will be for you at the Solo Centre. You should resist the temptation of contact with the people around us as far possible.”
Carly looked around at the empty carriage. Shouldn’t be too hard, she thought.
“I have a sleeper cabin down in the next carriage, I suggest you finish your reading and then go and get some sleep. Here’s the key, it’s the only one so you will have complete privacy. Make sure you lock the door after you.”

The train corridor was deserted, but all the same Carly was surprised that Doctor Ickworth had allowed her out of his sight. Perhaps it was intended as a demonstration of trust and as such it was working so far.
All the cabins seemed to be unoccupied, with the doors of most of them slightly ajar. Checking the numbers off as she passed each door in turn, she counted down until she reached a door marked 13a. It was quite a co-incidence, the number of the compartment being the same as her cell at the hospital. It seemed particularly strange since there was no 13b, and none of the other doors she had seen had letter designations. Carly felt a shiver run down her back, accompanied by a creepy feeling that she couldn’t quite place. She decided it was just excitement and would ask Doctor Ickworth about it later.
Her hands shook as she retrieved the key from her pocket, and let herself into the small compartment. This was the first time in years that she had felt genuinely alone, and the berth seemed small and claustrophobic particularly with the door closed. But Carly did as she was told and turned the key in the lock.
Laying back on the small bunk she flicked back through the set of rules Doctor Ickworth had handed her. There was nothing unusual, in fact a lot them were the same as the rules and guidelines she had already spent the last few years abiding by at the hospital. No personal mail, no attempts to interact with the outside world, no discussing your past life with other patients, although in this new set of rules the word patient had been replaced with the use of resident.
Carly yawned, remembering that the Doctor had recommended she get some sleep.
 
A few miles away, in a darkened room in the basement of a bookstore, thirty middle-aged men drew in a sharp breath as the girl on screen stripped to her underwear, pulled back the thin blanket covering the bunk and climbed in, the gentle rocking of the carriage sending her quickly to sleep.

“I told you, we should have cut through underneath the station.” Janice had had just about enough of Alistair. “You men always refuse to take direction.”
“Oh come on, that’s just a stereotype. As far as we know they will be checking all the entrances. This way is safer.”
“This way is a damn sight slower.”
“Come on you two, there’s no point arguing the toss. You’re probably both right, but frankly I’m losing patience and I still feel groggy from all those drugs they pumped into me earlier. All I want to do is sit down.”
Alistair stopped and turned and faced Anna.
“Well it would help immensely if we had any idea of exactly where we were going, don’t you think?”
“I’ve told you, as far as I know the Solo Centre is somewhere on the edge of Richmond Park. I’ve only been there twice, and both times it was in a people carrier with blacked out windows to stop people staring in and upsetting the patient. Or perhaps to stop them seeing out, I don’t know.” Anna’s voice was strained as she tried to make them understand her own frustration.
“The only information I have is that gleaned from the drivers, and to be perfectly honest with you, I wasn’t particularly interested in where they were going at the time because I never expected to discover that the hospital, which incidentally was also my home, was part of a global enterprise to entertain dirty old men who wanted to watch people being subjected to any form of embarrassing torture that they chose to vote for in that particular week! So you will excuse me, if my memory isn’t quite what it should be.”
Alistair opened his mouth to explain, but Janice had already taken Anna in her arms and was gently rubbing her back to calm her down.
“It’s alright Anna, we didn’t mean to push you so hard.” Alistair knew that this was rather that Janice disapproved of Alistair having been so short with her, and was grateful for her not saying so.
“Anna, I’m sorry. Richmond Park is a good enough start, after all, how difficult can it be to spot a house full of ex-wannabe’s with its own hidden TV production suite?” Alistair looked at the two of them, particularly Janice, who was glaring at him once again.
“Sorry, not helping. I’ll just go and check out the patterns in the brickwork, over here. Take your time.”

Peterson hurried to his office, activating the video conferencing feature on his telephone. The wall in front of him became a familiar face, expanded well beyond a familiar size. Peterson clicked a few buttons until the face looked less like it was attached to a fifty foot body, then stepped up in front of his own camera.
“Tony. I assume you have good news for me?”
“Yes Sir. We have found the two women, but at the moment we can’t see Smythe anywhere. We know they were together, Jim spotted them on one of the hacked CCTV feeds. They seem to have separated.” The audio crackled and spat for a moment.
“Do you want us to engage? We can have them back with you in just a few minutes.”
“Hell no! Don’t bring them here, Moby will have my head on a stick. Just follow them, and make sure you don’t lose them. And find Smythe.” Peterson presumed that Moby would no longer need to torture him for information, but he suspected that he might get tortured himself if he didn’t follow Moby’s instructions to the letter.
“Sir, I’m expected back at the club. The girl will be arriving at Solo soon, I’d like to be there.”
“Listen to me, this is all your fault. If you had spoken to me before taking it on yourself to let this intruder go, Moby wouldn’t be on my case, and I wouldn’t be on yours. I would much rather that was the situation as I’m sure would you, but this is how things are and I want you to sort them out. The sooner this is resolved, the sooner you can get to the club. Just remember, your club resides in my building, at very little cost, I might add. Besides, Moby’s men will take over from you but until then make sure you don’t do anything stupid, which includes, as you might have guessed, letting these two out of your sight and not finding me that scumbag Smythe. Do I make myself clear?”
Tony spent a moment analysing the double negatives. “Absolutely crystal, Sir.”
Peterson could almost hear Tony’s teeth grinding. Still, they needed him more than he needed them so for all he cared Tony could go take a bungy jump without a bungy rope, provided he did it after he completed his current task.

Janice and Anna searched round by the bins in a last ditch effort to find Alistair. Up until now they had resisted the temptation to call out after him, but Anna was now calling gently after him in the hope that he was close by.
“Where could he have got to?” Janice asked rhetorically. “It’s just like him to go and stick his head in the sand somewhere. For someone who seems so mature he can be very odd at times. I wish the crowd would disperse a little, we might stand a chance of noticing him.”
“True, but it works both ways. The crowd is probably the only thing preventing us from being spotted.”
“Us? Well I suppose. They must have realised now that since we all went missing together we must be together. I just wish we were.”

Carly turned again on the soft bunk. She had woken suddenly after a dream, and quickly checked to see how long she had been asleep. She was disappointed to find that it was only ten minutes since she had put the rule book to one side, although her dream had seemed much longer.
She had dreamt of her arrival at the Solo Centre. Although she had no idea what the centre would be like, in her dream she had imagined it with bright modern décor, all pine and aluminium. The house had been empty when she arrived, but she was soon joined by her fellow residents. Strangely, one of them was Anna Jones, the administrator from the Star of the East asylum. Another resident she recognised as the girl who had played the floor manager during her final test. The remainder of the household was made up from members of the cast of My Significant Another, the television show Carly had been in before the scientists managed to finally achieve what bland and listless writing had failed to, the downfall of the situation comedy.
She had diligently introduced herself to all her fellow residents, carefully listening to who they were and where they were from just as she had been trained to do. Everyone used what Carly had remembered to be their real names, although her memory of some of the people was a little fuzzy after all this time. Anna Jones however introduced herself as Daisy Duck, something which could only really happen in a dream.
Carly wondered about the significance of this. The idea that dreams were a window into your subconscious was one of the few beliefs of its type which were not frowned upon by society, since there was some scientific grounding in the claims of dream analysts. During her time at the Star of the East she had read a number of case studies related to predictions made following a description of events in a dream. Her studies were initially in the context of researching some chemical imbalance for a short paper she was writing on the body’s use of chemicals to control emotions and behaviour. But as she read more on the subject she picked up on the signs and began to be able to disentangle the important information from the filler that the mind puts around the dream to make it seem real.
Anna Jones was there simply because Carly felt she would miss her. The false name was something of a puzzle. Taken at face value this would seem to suggest that Anna was hiding something, not being entirely truthful. However the conclusions to be drawn from ones dreams are rarely that straightforward, in this case suggesting that Anna may be the only one telling the truth whereas everyone else there has some pretence about them. The explanation for the presence of the cast of My Significant Another was straightforward and in this case probably as obvious as it appears. The last time Carly was making her way out of a serious rehabilitation, My Significant Another was her life for the next two years. The floor manager was an interesting element. As a recent memory, this was not likely to be particularly meaningful if taken on face value, but this could be the representation of a deeper mistrust, telling Carly to be on her guard for people who would try to trick her.
Carly knew that most of the really useful information to be gained from a dream was in the detail, and she would have to wait over the next few hours while that detail returned to her.
The train was stationary, and for a moment Carly wondered if it would be wise to try and find out what was happening. She was reluctant to leave the compartment, enjoying the sense of privacy she had waited so long to feel. Checking the door was locked, she propped herself in a seated position on the bunk and hummed theme tunes to herself. These soon became show tunes and before long Carly was gently singing songs from My Fair Lady.

Alistair was sat sulking on the embankment, the dew on the damp grass seeping through his trouser legs. He wasn’t sulking because of Janice’s harsh words. They had in the past had worse exchanges than that. She was of course correct; he really hadn’t helped matters so it seemed sensible to take a break for a minute.
He was sulking because his day had been utterly spoilt. Until late afternoon it had been fine. Granted, he had slept until mid-day but his afternoon had been spent reading and listening to the radio which had been very relaxing and enjoyable. What possible reason could there be for the chain of events which had led to his being threatened, incarcerated, conned and now chased across the city by a group of thugs who appeared to have the government, or at least parts of it, under their control?
He was also sulking because he had been forced to question his own motives for finding the girl. He liked to think that they were trying to find her because they needed evidence, to corroborate Anna’s story. He had almost convinced himself that they were going there simply to find answers. But at the same time he wondered what they would do with those answers when they found them.
It was far more likely, he thought, that he was trying to get to the girl simply because he wanted to, having visions of himself riding in on a white charger and taking her away to safety. In reality, he could get her killed, along with Anna and probably Janice too.
Alistair was predictably worried about his mother too, and as the previously unnoticed train edged its way into the station he imagined himself vaulting the low fence and jumping on it, heading across town to check she was ok. He felt that he had so many people to take care of; his mother, Janice, Anna, the girl. The girl. Alistair wished that he could remember her name. He was sure someone had mentioned it in the voyeur club, but he could not remember who. He didn’t remember Anna mentioning it, and made a note to ask her.
Speaking of which, where had they got to? He had assumed they would follow him down here a few minutes after he left them. As Alistair turned to go and find them he was distracted by a sound which drifted to him over the clang of the trains and the screaming of frustrated and angry passengers which drifted from the station concourse. It was the sound of an angel singing, rousing very recent memories.
Forgetting all about finding the others he vaulted the fence as the train moved off into the station. Running alongside the carriages Alistair listened for her voice, but the whine of the electric engines confused his sense of direction. Much as he was desperate to catch up with her, he decided that falling under a train was low on the list of ways to achieve this and eventually he gave up the chase. At least he now knew where she was, and for the moment she was safe. If he was clever about it he was sure he could find out where the train was heading. He watched the red tail lamps until they turned the corner through the tunnel before climbing back over the fence and heading back towards the station entrance.

Alistair finally spotted Janice standing in the shadows behind one of the buttresses near the main doorway into the station. He had opened his mouth to call to her when he noticed the two security guards standing either side of the entrance. Stepping into the shadows he edged round to where Janice was standing, briefly clearing his throat as he approached to make sure she didn’t jump.
“What’s going on? Where’s Anna?”
Janice gestured him away from the door.
“She went looking for you.”
Alistair looked towards the edge of the low viaduct. “I didn’t see her. She should be back here by now.”
Slumping against the wall Alistair stared at the ground. Janice sat on the ground next to him.
“So what now? We can’t go off looking for her, the place is crawling with security.”
“I’m not sure they’re looking for us actually. They’ve closed off the station for some reason.”
Alistair peered round at the two bulky men standing by the entrance.
“I think I know why.”
“Oh really? How come?”
Alistair leaned close to Janice and mumbled in her ear.
“When I was standing by the tracks, I heard the girl singing. She was on the train, but I couldn’t work out where.”
“You found Carly?”
Janice jumped, unexpectedly turning her head in the direction of Anna’s voice, scraping Alistair’s ear against the wall and poking him in the eye with a stray hairgrip, forcing him to twist his head away from her, promptly smashing his face against the rough brickwork. He fell to the ground clutching his bleeding nose.
Janice stood up, stepping around Alistair’s curled up form.
“Anna, where did you get to?”
Alistair was rocking in silent pain.
“When I couldn’t find Alistair I went to get a sandwich. There’s a little shop round the corner, makes the best baguettes you’ve ever tasted. Is he alright?”
Janice gave Alistair a gentle nudge with his foot, making him groan.
“He’ll live.”
“I dode thig a lod of your bedside badder,” Alistair groaned, dabbing at his nose with his hanky.
“Oh dear, did you hurt your nose too?”
“Ad I dode fide sarcasm very addracdive eda.”
“Shame.”
Alistair gave up trying to get any sympathy and pulled himself up, crouching as he leant against the wall. He continued to gingerly pat at his rapidly swelling nose.
Shaking her head Janice considered what to do next. If there were people looking for them, why had they failed to spot all this? Looking towards the main entrance she noticed that people were still coming out of the station, but no-one was being allowed in.
“Alistair, I think you’re right. They aren’t looking for us.”
Alistair looked up at her through bleary eyes.
“Now I come to think about it I made eye contact with one of them earlier, and he didn’t seem to notice me. Then Anna just walked straight past them and they did nothing about her. What with you rolling about like a child down there they were bound to have noticed you, and have any of them approached us?”
“Are you saying that you think we’re safe?” Anna asked her.
“No I am not. I’m simply saying that these people are not looking for us.”
Alistair was watching the crowd milling about outside the station. Above the general mumbling he heard a brief whirring sound, just loud enough to draw his attention. Looking up he spotted the wall mounted camera, which immediately whirred to view a different direction, as though it had just been caught peeping at someone in a skimpy bathing costume on a beach. Alistair looked away, and heard the whirr again.
He blew his nose on the blood stained handkerchief then reached up and tugged on Janice’s elbow. She knelt down and he whispered to her:
“Don’t look now, but I think that camera is watching us.” He motioned gently with his finger in the direction of the CCTV camera above him.
Janice looked. The camera whirred and looked away, focusing on a nearby wall.
“I said don’t look!”
“Now Alistair, you’re just being paranoid.”
Whirr.
Janice flicked the camera a short glance. It whizzed round to examine a very interesting billboard advertising plastic book sleeves, with the tag line ‘New shower proof book covers from Petersons – Be read-y for anything!’
Janice frowned. She called Anna over, who had been sitting nearby, her eyes wide open. The cocktail of drugs she had been given through the day were wearing off, and the dull pain which had been confined to her head was gradually beginning to seep through her body.
“What?”
“Can you just amble over to that far wall for a moment?”
“Excuse me?”
“Just for a moment, then come back.”
Anna put her hands on her hips, then swung them to one side. It was a surprisingly effective manoeuvre. Janice started to feel slightly uncomfortable.
“What for? This isn’t the time for the two of you to start whispering sweet nothings you know…”
Janice tried not to sound tetchy. “That isn’t it at all, it’s just a little test.” She edged away from Alistair, as if to prove a point.
“Oh great, so I’m a lab rat now?”
“Stop complaining and just do it, please.”
 “You didn’t say Simon says.”
“Oh for God’s sake, just walk over to that wall and back.”
Anna figured she’d touched a nerve with the comment about sweet nothings. She sighed and started off towards the far wall muttering.
“Okay, if you’re not going to tell me why. This is just like my life. Anna, go there, come here, send that, come over here and kiss my…”
Janice was quite glad Anna had walked out of reach of her hearing. She watched the camera as Anna moved across the wide passageway. It followed Anna as she mooched across mumbling to herself, it watched her as she turned when she could walk no further. It saw her as she kicked her heels up during her sarcastic sideways chorus line dancing, complete with fixed airline check in attendant grin. It followed her to the ground as one of her hospital slippers got stuck in a drain and she fell flat on her face in the damp gutter.
“That does it,” Janice whispered to Alistair. “We have to get out of here.”
Alistair dragged himself off the ground, brushing himself down. “I have an idea how we can get to the train. It will be dark, and you might get a bit grubby.”
“I’m not bothered about a bit of dirt. Not sure about Anna though.”
Anna dragged her slippers as she slid back across the pathway.
“Too late.”
“Anna, I’m sorry, we had to find out about…”
“The camera, yes I spotted it during my ill considered ballet dancing.”
Alistair and Janice exchanged a fleeting look. “Ballet?”
“I don’t know what got into me.” Anna exclaimed. “Come on, lets go before I do anything else that I will regret later.”
“Hold on just one moment. When I say go, we’re going to move down through the underpass that way. Once we’re round the corner climb over the fence.”
While Anna complained about the idea of climbing over a fence in just a hospital gown and a borrowed overcoat Alistair removed Janice’s hat.
“Hey, what’s your game? We have to pay for those you know.”
Alistair held up a finger to silence her protestations. Then standing to one side of the camera he gently tossed the hat up. He missed the first time, but scored a dead hit with the next attempt, covering the main lens on the front of the box. The camera whirred and bounced up and down as whoever was operating it attempted to dislodge the obstruction. But the hat was hooked over one of the spines designed to stop pigeons landing on the cameras, and it simply swung around with the camera as it dived and rolled like an Italian footballer.
Anna was actually quite impressed. “Good shot.” Janice was simply surprised.
“Go. Now.” Alistair guided them towards the largest group of people, pushing through and out the other side towards the railway line.

Carly threw back the covers and pulled on her clothes. Though the windows were blacked out she could tell they were in a station, and had been for some time. Tidying the blankets she quietly unlocked the door and headed back to the carriage where Doctor Ickworth would be waiting for her.
As she approached, she could hear him talking animatedly with someone. Peering round the edge of the door she could just see him facing away from her, talking on a mobile phone. She crept along the aisle, sliding into a seat as soon as she could hear him clearly.
“What do you mean Anna Jones is gone? For God’s sake Baz, why can’t your people get these things right? It was quite simple, and my people did everything they were asked. Now that you have lost her what the hell am I supposed to do about it?”
Carly could feel her heart pounding.
“Well I’m sorry, but how could anyone know that she would stumble across one of the cameras? Well I don’t care what Moby Whale has to say… what? No. The carriage is empty. As I was saying, Caz and Moby know as well as I do that there are limits to how much we can cover up on this one. Personally I think it’s time to shut the whole thing down and lie low for a while. Yes you heard me right. What do you think people will do when they find out the asylums are a cover? And the other centres? First the Soho club, now The Star of the East. It’s out of control and I don’t want to be part of it anymore.”
Carly peeped over the top of her seat. Ickworth was sat two rows behind her, sweat glistening on his balding head.
“They spotted her where? With who? Who? Never heard of either of them. Yes, I know where we are, the signs on the platform are a bit of a giveaway. What are you saying, that you think they know Carly is on this train? That’s not very likely. Yes, that’s what I said. The carriage is empty. No, she’s in the cabin. Yes I’m sure, I watched her go there myself. The monitor? Alright then, but I’m telling you…”
Ickworth leant beneath the seat and rooted around in his case, pulling out what looked like a small portable TV. It had a stubby black aerial which extended 6 inches outside the case. Carly realised this must be a satellite television receiver, very popular 20 years ago when the analogue transmitters were finally switched off and everyone was forced to watch digital television. Ickworth waited for it to warm up and establish a signal.
“Oh crap. Yes, immediately.”
Ickworth threw everything to one side and stormed down the aisle. Carly shrank back in between the seats as he ran past. Once he had passed into the other carriage she ran in the opposite direction, bouncing lightly on the balls of her feet. She wasn’t sure exactly what she was running from but she had finally placed the uncomfortable feeling she had on entering the cabin. It was the same feeling she had felt when walking down the corridors of the hospital, the same feeling she had in her room late at night when it was quiet and she could hear the whirring of electrical equipment behind the walls. The same feeling she had felt in the treatment rooms and during the final test, particularly the last part. She knew that she was being watched.

Alistair stood at the entrance to the tunnel, watching the two men looking up and down the railings.
“Isn’t this a bit stupid, standing on train tracks?” Janice whispered to him.
“Only if a train comes. Now shush, I’m trying to hear what they’re saying.”
The men were arguing over which way to look first. In the end they decided that the sensible thing to do was to split up and head in different directions, so they began to argue over which one of them would go which way.
Moving back into the shadows, Alistair felt around for Anna, who was wearing his coat. One slap and a mumbled apology later he was rummaging around in his pockets. Finally he pulled out a small penlight torch on a key ring and aiming it down the tunnel he switched it on. It was one of those Christmas presents from his mother which he had always thought would be very useful, but up to now had never used. He just hoped that the seven year old batteries would still work.
The pathetic circle of light showed the gravely floor of the tunnel, with its twin set of rails heading down into the darkness. He waved the two girls toward him, and headed off down the tunnel. A few moments later he realised his mistake and shining the torch on his hand he repeated the move, at which point they crept silently down the tunnel together.


She had run out of train. Panicking, Carly beat at the door to the rear compartment, desperate to escape the cameras. She knew that Ickworth must know she was missing by now. By a stroke of luck she had locked the cabin after her, so it would have taken him a little time to get in to confirm she wasn’t there but all the same, she was unlikely to have much time left. She had tried to prise the doors further up the carriage, even trying the emergency release but she wasn’t strong enough and besides, the walls of the tunnel were probably too close to get out of the doors anyway.
She turned so her back was to the door, looking up through the carriages waiting for the doctor to return and take her back. Carly slid down the door, her top rising up as it hooked itself round the handle. Just as she reached the floor, the door opened and she fell backward into the cab. The door closed behind her and the cabin was automatically illuminated. Carly shuffled back into a corner, her heart pounding as she considered her next move.

Part Five - Escape

Alistair swore gently as he stubbed his toe for the fourth time. It wasn’t so much the pain of stubbing his toe that bothered him, but the shushing he got from the other two whenever he made a sound.
He had just started to explain how he wasn’t really used to sidling up and down railway tunnels in the pitch black, and how much more difficult it was given the fact that Janice had stolen his torch when Janice put a hand round his mouth. She switched off the light and the three of them stood and listened to the crunching of gravel. The sound reverberated off the walls of the tunnel, bouncing and echoing off the brickwork. None of them could work out which direction it was coming from, although Alistair was sure that whoever was causing it wasn’t creeping around, it was almost as if they were trying to make as much noise as possible. He whispered in what he hoped was Janice’s ear.
“What do you think it is?”
“I’m not sure.” Janice replied. “Could be a rat.”
Alistair felt a moment of revulsion. “A rat?”
“Well it’s better than a couple of thugs coming to beat your brains out. At least a rat will only give you a little nip. Of course they carry all sorts of nasty diseases. I treated a man once with Weils disease. Very nasty case. Viral infection, gets carried around in their urine.”
“Please Janice, enough with the rats. You’ll scare Anna.”
Anna perked up at the mention of her name. “Actually, I quite like rats. My brother used to keep them as pets.”
Alistair was growing hoarse with whispering “Alright, so you are not scared of rats. Rats are good. But I don’t think that it’s a rat.”
“Could be a group of rats,” Anna replied helpfully. “Actually what do you call a group of rats? You know, like a flock of sheep, or a murder of crows. Is it a herd?”
Janice thought about this for a moment. “As in cows? I don’t think so. Could be a swarm.”
“Enough, whoever or whatever it is we need to get away from it. It sounds like it’s coming from the tunnel entrance, so we’ll go this way.” Alistair turned in the darkness and distracted by the dim light shining from around the next turn, stubbed his toe and fell against the wall.
Janice struggled with the torch while the crunching sound grew louder. She managed to switch it on just in time to see a tall blond girl run round the corner, fall over Alistair’s folded legs and pull them all to the ground.
As Alistair struggled out from underneath their assailant he heard Anna talking to herself.
“A pack.”
“What?”
“Of rats.”
Finally the mixture of drugs, fatigue and shock proved too much for Anna, and she passed out.

“Baz, we have a serious problem.”
Andrew Ickworth was hunched up in the rear compartment of the train, his eyes straining to see through the darkness. He had switched off the cab lights to see if this helped but still the only visible light was the reflection of his mobile phone keypad in the rear screen of the train. Baz’s voice trailed out of the tinny earpiece.
“What is it Andrew? I presume you found the girl?”
“No, I haven’t. What’s worse I think she made it out into the tunnel.”
“Don’t panic Andrew. That’s OK, the tunnel is sealed off, she won’t get anywhere. Just sit tight and keep an eye open for anyone coming past. I’ll make a few calls and find out where Moby’s men have got to.”
Ickworth couldn’t believe how calm Baz sounded.
“Shouldn’t I go looking for her?”
“Absolutely not. Just sit tight and don’t cause any more problems.”
“Problems, me? For God’s sake Baz. If your goons hadn’t lost the Jones woman then none of this would have happened. Don’t you think it would be simpler to deal with this now, before Moby has to get his guys to handle it? All I have to do is go out in the tunnel, find the girl, get her back on the damn train and take her to Solo.” Ickworth heard Baz sighing as he placed his palm over the pickup in his handset. Ickworth listened carefully to the muted conversation in the background but couldn’t work out what was being said. Nor could he pick out any voices he recognised. Finally Baz moved his hand, the discussion completed.
“Andrew, don’t go out in the tunnel. We think that our three other friends may be in there somewhere, trying to get to Carly. If you are seen it could compromise you further, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Bearing in mind the fact that you have made it clear you want this to be your last act on behalf of the company, I would strongly recommend you do as I say.”
“That sounds like a threat, but fine, okay. I’ll stay where I am. Just make sure that you get some people here for backup. If they are all together there’s not going to be much I can do if I see them, apart from call you and tell you where they are.”
“That’s all we need Andrew. Now sit tight and keep your eyes open. I’ll get back to you.”
Ickworth placed his phone back in his jacket pocket, and sat in the pitch black watching out the window. He chastised himself for being so careless as to let the girl out of his sight at all, although he was also cross no-one had told him that Carly had left the cabin. And then if Baz hadn’t rung, seemingly just to give him something else to worry about then he would have been better placed to keep an eye on her. It occurred to him that Carly’s flight could only have been triggered by her overhearing his conversation.
This is why they usually made the trip by car. Quite apart from the fact that the arrangements to put an entire empty carriage on the back of a train were rather tedious to say the least, at least in a car you had control. Mainly though they used the cars so that the potential housemates could be watched all the way. This was fine by Ickworth, who had little time for considering the feelings of his patients. He was convinced that should these people find out that they were being filmed all along they would actually be quite pleased, happy even. This theory had been born out on the odd occasion where a housemate had been “removed” from one of the conditioning centres, either for rule breaking or because they became suspicious. He knew that although these were desperately sad people, some of them were actually very perceptive, especially the actors. He had spotted Carly’s awareness of her surroundings as soon as she arrived at the Star of the East, back when it was a proper hospital, before Baz and his cronies had got involved.

Many years previously Ickworth had specialised in treating wannabe’s with acute behavioural problems. He had published several papers from his offices at the Star of the East, which had gained him a great deal of respect from the psychiatric community, despite his working in what was considered a tawdry field of medicine. In the course of his research he had become very close to a set of star quality girl triplets, named Sparkle, Sunshine and Moonlight. Bizarrely enough these were not stage names, but their real names. He had a room at the Star of the East kitted out with the latest in audio visual technology, cameras and karaoke with a cocktail bar at one end. The sound proofing alone cost several thousand pounds, although it was worth it. The other staff at the hospital never heard anything from his treatment sessions, which were of course conducted behind closed, locked doors.
His work was not well paid, and soon the cost of maintaining these relationships grew beyond the meagre means of his grant. For a while he managed to secure sponsorship from a variety of sources, but sponsors demanded rapid results. Ickworth’s research was long term and though his treatments were making some progress, it was painfully slow. Though he claimed that the lifestyle on board the Star of the East was to help the patients, there was widespread concern that Ickworth was enjoying it rather more than he should.
Eventually he had borrowed from anyone who would lend him money. He claimed this was purely in order to complete his research, but this was more as a justification to himself as his creditors really didn’t give a stuff what he planned to do with it, as long as they got their interest at the end of each week.
His naivety and apparent addiction to the Wannabe lifestyle within which he had immersed himself soon drew the attention of the least scrupulous financiers, and before long he found himself gambling to try and get himself out of debt. Worse still he became a prime target for blackmail, and by the time the pictures emerged of him singing, the scantily clad triplets providing him with backing vocals, he was willing to do almost anything to get himself out of trouble.
That was when he met Baz and Tony. They introduced themselves to him as renegade businessmen, a couple of guys who had been successful in making a few quid off the back of the lack of entertainment for those “discerning adults” who did not want to be dictated to on the issue of what they watched and how they behaved.
Initially they had made him an offer to take the triplets off his hands, but when they found out that he was influential in the running of the capital’s largest rehabilitation centre they persuaded him to allow them a guided tour. Ickworth had found this slightly less distasteful than selling his charges into slavery and had agreed.
Within days he found himself signing an open ended contract, which in return for paying all the debts he had incurred, including the necessary bribes to obtain certain negatives, stated that Baz and his team could have the run of the Star of the East as an “online research resource”. By the time Ickworth had discovered the true nature of Baz’s line of work it was too late. He wasn’t terribly surprised or distressed to find that this was the case, in fact he wasn’t bothered at all. This could have been because he genuinely believed that allowing the images of these tragic young people to be shown all over the country would help the nation to be more tolerant of them in the long run. Alternatively he may have considered that having a documentary record of sorts would help him in his research. You and I may of course believe it had more to do with the substantial consultancy fee they paid him, but that would be rather cynical.
For a short period of time he was the centre of attention, his hospital being the jewel in the crown of the growing empire of the voyeur club. Ickworth came to know all the most influential people, but more importantly they knew him. As such he became both a luminary and a target. Those who felt they could get close to him soon found themselves replacing the various staff around the Star of the East. His first and most significant ally was Edith Green, the ward matron at the hospital. Although many of the staff had to be replaced to avoid the risk of exposure, Edith was an original member of Ickworth’s staff. In fact with Anna Jones gone she was the only original member of staff left. He had originally recruited her from an Edinburgh psychiatric hospital, where he was impressed by her assertive control of both the patients and the staff. During the “refurbishment” which took place immediately after Ickworth had secured his new source of funding he recruited her to work for the new management team. Edith had been invaluable to him in recruiting and controlling the porters, caterers, cleaners, maintenance workers and various administration staff. She was, along with Isla, his secretary, a good source of information about the opinions and impressions of the people involved in the Star of the East, especially the other doctors, who were a constant cause for concern for him, in terms of how much they knew about his work and the fact that as the primary associate to the voyeur club he was the person most likely to suffer if the truth about the true nature of the Star of the East was to become public. He might as well have a bullseye painted to his backside. The two of them had, under his instruction, stayed especially close to Anna Jones. Ickworth had avoided dispensing with her services because she was so damn good at her job, and he needed someone who wasn’t spending half of their time posing for the camera. Though he had been concerned when Anna moved into the asylum permanently, Baz had made it clear that Anna herself was now very popular with the viewers and that her moving into the hospital would be very good for the Wannabe Cured’s viewing figures. So an apartment was specially prepared for her, with over thirty static cameras tucked away, a number of them disguised as alarm sensors and buried in the smoke alarms. Eddie, his chief technician, was particularly proud of the infra-red camera concealed within an automated vacuum cleaner, which allowed them to place a camera anywhere in her apartment. In fact he was so proud of the idea that he removed the camera from the original design blueprints and marketed the vacuum cleaner as a genuine automated cleaning product, making a mint from the growing number of single book readers, who were too busy reading to be concerned with such things as tedious as cleaning.
Sitting here in the rear of a cross London train, looking out into the darkness for an escaped patient, a nurse and two hospital administrators he concluded that thus far he had been lucky, and now it was most likely that his luck had run out. He was pretty sure that regardless of how this evening finally worked out, either Peterson or Baz would deal with him in their own distinctive style, a brief taste of which had been suggested to him earlier that evening. That’s if the crazy woman who was convinced she was the subject of a reality TV game show didn’t get him first, or indeed the crazy woman who actually was the subject of a reality TV game show. He didn’t even want to consider the likely result of the investigations of a raving hospital administrator and his pet staff nurse being made public.
Ickworth sat and worried about his next move.

Co-incidentally the four lonely figures huddled in the darkness just a few metres round the curve in the tunnel were doing much the same thing.
“I say we try and creep out of the tunnel.” Alistair was trying to be decisive, but the tone of his voice did not inspire confidence in his three companions. “After all, those two guys didn’t look so scary.”
“Well Alistair your bravado is very impressive, but unfortunately I don’t think any of us agree with you.” Janice was straining to be supportive of Alistair; it was clear that he was trying a little too hard to impress this newcomer, who for her part looked simply dazed and confused. Anna was no help, it was all they could do to stop her giggling to herself about the irony that a hospital which had been set up with the aim of curing the wannabes was actually being used to create a whole new generation of profitable personalities. “What we need is a way out of this tunnel. Perhaps the train has moved away from the station by now?”
Alistair shuffled his feet in the coarse gravel. “Even if it has, my guess would be they’ll leave someone there. In fact, I can’t believe they haven’t sent someone down to search for us already. It’s only a matter of time.”
“So what do you suggest? We sit here and wait?”
“Actually I was going to suggest we look around for another way out, like a service duct.”
“Ooh, yes! Perhaps we should search around for a secret trapdoor. Or we might find a concealed entrance to a labyrinth of hidden tunnels, with a small panel for your swipe card, or a little red light and a big button saying ‘push me.’”
“Okay, calm down it was just a suggestion.”
Carly cleared her throat.
“Erm, you know the little red light thingy?”
“Carly, I was being sarcastic.”
“Would a little blue one do? I found one about 10 metres back that way before I bumped into you guys.”

Alistair shone the weak light onto the control panel. It was a simple grubby aluminium box set into the wall, with three lamps mounted haphazardly on one side. The blue lamp that Carly had spotted was accompanied by a dim red lamp and a lamp that Alistair guessed would have been green, was it not covered in a mixture of grease, cement mortar and general muck. On the opposite side of the panel a vertical slot looked perfectly placed for a credit card sized access pass. There was also a numeric keypad lurking in the corner. To one side of the panel was a low rusty steel door. Alistair put one ear to the door, listening to the low hum of the machinery hidden behind it. He poked at the keypad, which beeped angrily at him. He continued to stab at it until Janice put a hand on his arm, her finger just visible pressed to her lips as he swung the torch round to look at her.
“Wha…”
Janice pinched his lips together, something which, though Alistair didn’t much appreciate it, did the trick of keeping him quiet. Straining to hear over the sound of his laboured breathing, Alistair could just make out the crunching of gravel.
“Carly, stop shuffling your feet.”
“I’m sitting down.”
“Oh.”
“Alistair, turn off the torch.” Janice was peering intently out into the tunnel.

Tony and Baz brought up the rear, following the two walking outhouses.
“I don’t see why I had to come, Tony. Caz was very upset that I would miss the highlights show and she would have to field Jezza’s questions about Carly’s whereabouts without me.”
“Bugger Caz.”
“I’d rather not if you don’t mind.”
“What I mean is she can handle it. Wouldn’t it be better for you to find the girl and take her to Solo yourself, thus negating the need for a debate at all? At the moment we can still blame it on the trains.”
“Point taken, but all this shite down here is making a right mess of my Timberlands.” Baz lifted one foot and shone the torch at the sole, as if to prove a point. Tony didn’t look.
“Well I did warn you. Anyway, with the good doctor keeping an eye out, ably assisted by Moby’s men they can’t go anywhere, so we get in, get them and then get out.”
“Yeah s’pose. Actually if those figures you sent to me earlier are anything to go by, the longer we can string this out the better, the rooms will be full to brimming. Still, we’re in real trouble if she gets away so lets go find her, we can always lock her in a shed somewhere if we want to drag it out.”
Baz marched off down the tunnel to catch up with the other two, swinging the triple lantern from side to side leaving Tony shaking his head.

“Look, down there.” Janice pointed out the tunnel walls, intermittently lit up by a powerful lamp some distance down the curving tunnel. “Can I suggest that you find a way through that door, pretty damn smart-ish?”
Alistair pushed at the buttons on the keypad, no longer worried about the amount of noise he was making. As he became more desperate Carly took the torch and held it for him. As she swung it round she noticed something scratched into the wall next to the panel.
“What’s that? I can’t quite make it out.”
Alistair stopped stabbing at the buttons and examined the wall. “Looks like a number. I wonder…”
He punched six digits into the keypad. The main panel bleeped and the blue light went out, replaced by a flashing green. The low door clicked, but when Alistair pushed it wouldn’t budge.
“What now,” he muttered to himself.
Carly startled him by creeping up next to him. “Perhaps we need to do something with this as well.” She examined the card slot. “Give me your credit card. I assume you have one?”
Alistair rummaged in his trouser pockets. “It must be in my coat, Anna has it.”
Anna was lying next to the tracks, singing nursery rhymes.
Carly knelt down next to her and went through the pockets of Alistair’s now filthy trench coat. Pulling out his wallet, she took out a card and licking the magnetic stripe, fed it into the slot. With a beep the red light flashed momentarily before the green light went out, replaced by a steady blue.
“Damn it, back to square one. Put the number in again, let’s try another one.” Carly rummaged around for another of Alistair’s credit cards, the machine having kept the first one.
“Hang on, what about my card? You can’t keep feeding my cards into that.”
“Just put the number in, I know what I’m doing.” Carly took out another card, muttering “I hope…” under her breath.
Alistair moodily punched the number in, and the light flashed green once more. Carly held out the card to him, but his tongue was dry and stuck to it. Shaking her head Carly drew up more phlegm from the back of her throat and pasted the card with it. Sliding it slowly into the slot they waited for the light to change. After a few seconds the door banged, and Carly pushed it open, revealing a dimly lit room beyond.
Alistair and Janice looked at Carly.
“What?”
“How did you know that would happen?”
“Oh, that was a trick one of my bodyguards showed me once. Great for getting into hotel rooms when you’ve left your pass key in a club somewhere. Very useful for pulling tricks on your unsuspecting chums too. I remember once, we trashed Johnny Corn’s room while he was getting ratted in the bar. Cost him a fortune. Then another time…”
“That’s great, but we’ve got to be going.” This girl is fantastic, Alistair thought to himself.
This girl is a real smart ass, thought Janice as she crouched and peered through the doorway. She stepped through, looked around her quickly and then called gently back out into the tunnel. “Anna. Get up.”
“Humpty dumpty sat on the wall, humpty dumpty had a great fall…”
“Alistair, go and get her will you? Carly and I will check out in here.”
“All the kings horses and all the kings men, couldn’t put humpty…oi, what are you up to?”
Alistair dragged Anna to her feet, pushing her head down and through the door. He pulled the door to after him, just as the two thugs that had been guarding the tunnel entrance swaggered round the corner.
Alistair dumped Anna next to the door, after explaining that he thought she could do with a little snooze, and if she was a good girl he would buy her some ice cream. This seemed to quieten her down a little, and she curled up in the corner with her thumb in her mouth.
Alistair looked around at the crumbling brickwork. They had made their way into what looked like a power switch room, which also seemed to double as a cleaning and maintenance store. Along one side were racks full of old batteries and anonymous looking containers, plastered with chemical warnings.
Janice and Carly emerged from the shadows at the back of the room.
“So now what - we’re trapped.”
“Trapped? Oh great. Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure. We’ve both looked and it’s not especially difficult to search a room this size. The only exit we found is that one, up there.”
Alistair gazed upwards at the ceiling. Fourteen feet above him was a small hatchway, locked on both sides by padlocks. “Well that’s no good, even if we could get up there, we’d never get the locks off. I don’t think we’d get round them with a credit card, even if I did have any left. I don’t suppose you saw anything we could use as a ladder?”
“No, there was some strong wire in the alcove at the back, could we make a wire ladder?” Janice was trying desperately to remain positive. Carly ambled off to look around for anything else that might be useful.
Alistair frowned. “I don’t think we’re going to have time for that.” In the centre of the room were three tall black cabinets, which were locked with heavy padlocks. He leant heavily against one of them which didn’t budge at all. Gripping the handles, Alistair pulled himself up until he could slide his feet onto the heavy hinges for the door and pushed himself up onto the top.
Reaching upwards he found he could just reach the first padlock. He examined the catch, which was heavily rusted and pitted, as though it had been standing in water for some time. Pulling hard on it he twisted it back and forth, until with a crack the clasp snapped in two. The bits fell to the floor, slopping into the grease and filth. Alistair watched them fall, the height making him feel nauseous. He tried to correct his balance, shuffling his feet and gripping onto the latch as he swung out under the hatchway, the momentum taking him all the way round, his feet just touching the edge of the cabinet, so he could let himself down onto the top. He lay on his back, panting.
“Will you be careful up there, I have no intention of performing first aid on you in this mucky hole!” Alistair was touched by the concern in Janice’s voice, even if her choice of words left a little to be desired.
Dragging himself to his knees, he shakily stood up and reached for the second latch. It was far more sturdy than the previous one, shiny and very solid. He reached out gingerly and tugged on it. It didn’t budge.
“This doesn’t look so good, Janice. Is there not even a screwdriver or lever or anything down there?”
“Not that we’ve seen.” Janice moved over to the door and listened. She could just make out the voices of the men outside. She hoped they hadn’t heard Alistair when he stumbled on the cabinet. She called to Alistair in a rasping whisper. “Keep it down, they’re just outside.” 
 “Alistair,” Carly stepped out from the corner. “What sort of metal is it?”
“What? Well I don’t know, it’s quite shiny but in a matte sort of way.”
“It’s not stainless then?”
“I wouldn’t have thought so, aluminium maybe but would be an odd thing to make a latch out of. Why?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute, give me a hand up will you?”
Janice held Carly’s foot, giving her a bump up most of the way up the cabinet. Alistair lay flat on the top and gripped her hand firmly as she clambered her way up to him. At the top she reached down and took two cartons from Janice, and a glass jar.
“What’s in there?”
“That one has descaler, and that one contains sulphur.”
“Where the hell did you find that?”
“Over on the shelves, at the back.”
“Okay. So what does that do for us?”
“Put simply, this descaler contains acid. We mix it with the sulphur, splash it around and hopefully it should weaken that clamp quite nicely. It’s going to be a bit tricky, because the proportion of the ingredients isn’t clear.”
“Well let’s err on the side of caution then.”
Janice muttered up to them from below. “Let’s not, those guys won’t take long finding their way through that door.”
Carly mixed the two ingredients quickly in the jar. Janice went to Anna, to try and get her to sing some slightly quieter nursery rhymes. She soon discovered that having run out of nursery rhymes she had moved onto poetry.
“Droop not, my brothers! I hear a glad strain –
We shall burst forth like streams from the winter night’s chain;”
“Below,” Carly whispered, and threw half a jar of the mix onto the latch. Alistair watched it fizz and crackle as Carly mixed up another batch. He listened to Anna continuing her recitation:
“A flag is unfurled, a bright star of the sea,
A ransom approaches – we yet shall be free!”
“Anna,” Janice was shaking her gently. “Tell me, where is that from?”
“Where the pines wave, where the light chamois leaps,
Where the lone eagle hath built on the steeps;
Where the snows glisten, the mountain-rills foam,
Free as the falcon’s wing, yet shall we roam.”
“Below.” Carly threw another batch of mixture on the latch.
Janice tried again. “Anna? Listen to me. We need you to stand up, can you do that for me?”
“Can’t remember,” replied Anna.
“You can’t remember what?”
“Can’t remember it.”
Alistair took off his jumper, wrapped it round his hand and rattled the padlock. A couple of the screws looked a bit foamy, and with a twist he managed to bend the softening metal to one side and expose the threads.
“Where the hearth shines, where the kind looks are met, where the smiles mingle, our place shall be yet!”
“Anna, come on. We are going to need you to help us.”
“Crossing the desert, o’ersweeping the sea – Droop not, my brothers! We shall yet be free!”
Carly whispered to Alistair. “Amen to that. Where’s that from, anyway?”
“If memory serves me correctly it is one of Mrs Hemans’ Songs of Captivity. Quite appropriate really.”
“We’re not captive yet, now just stand back and I’ll try the last batch.”
Carly mixed quickly, her hands red from the descaler running down the side of the jar. She threw the last batch on the latch, which frothed ferociously. When it settled down a bit Alistair wrapped the jumper round his hand once more and leaning out, put his full weight onto the latch.
The hatchway gave slowly, the pneumatic stays lowering it slowly into a vertical position. Alistair followed it down, gripping the edge until he was hanging six foot from the ground.
“Janice, can you hear anything out there?”
Janice put her ear to the door and shook her head. Alistair dropped down to the ground landing with a splash in the sludge. He held still, listening.
Suddenly there was a crashing clang from the door.
“I think they’re trying to break in.” Janice said.
“Do you think?” Alistair replied sarcastically.
Clang.
“Let’s get out of here.”
Janice tried to get Anna, who was now gently sobbing in the corner, to her feet. “What about Anna? We’ll never get her up there.”
Alistair climbed back up onto the cabinet. “Wait here, I’ll see whether there is anything up here that can help.” He gripped the edge of the hatch and with legs flapping struggled up into the dark void above. After a short pause, a wire ladder dropped through the hatchway to the floor below.
Janice dragged Anna up, supporting her weight until they reached the ladder. Carly was already hanging half way up, reaching down to take Anna’s hand, drawing her up onto the ladder. With Janice pushing and Carly pulling, driven on by the banging of the steel door, they managed to get Anna up the ladder. As she reached the top a pair of hands reached down, pulling her up through the hatch. This was repeated for Janice and Carly, who drew the wire ladder and then the hatch up behind her, clipping it back into place.

Tony burst through the door, to find the room beyond empty.
“Damn it, I told you it was a waste of time getting in here.”
Baz scraped around on the floor, the bright flashlight showing something glinting in the sludge.
“I don’t think so,” he said, picking up the bent pieces of latch, shiny on the edges where they had snapped off. He felt his fingers warming, and quickly rubbed them on one of the thug’s jackets. “Looks like they got out through there.” He pointed upwards to the hatch, which was sitting slightly ajar, splashed with a foamy residue of some kind, which he could hear fizzing in the background.
“Well I’ll be damned. What next, go up there after them? It looks a little narrow to me.”
Baz thought for a moment, then tugged a phone from his pocket, handing it to Tony.
“Call Jim.”
Tony dialled and while it was ringing, handed the phone back.
“Jim? It’s Baz. Yes, the Baz.” He paused. “Thank you, now stop brown nosing and listen to me. Did you get the schematics Tony asked for? Good. I need to know about the area above maintenance room B12. Ring me back when you can tell me where the hatch leads.” Baz hung up.
“Let’s wait a while, see where they’re likely to come out.”
“I think that’s a little risky, don’t you? What if they get out first, before we find the information?”
“Then in that case, you had better hope that Jim finds the information quickly, hadn’t you?” Baz gestured to his two henchmen and they headed out the short doorway, followed by Tony who was already on the phone to Jim, telling him to get a move on.

The four of them stood in the dingy light of the access tunnel, waiting for their eyes to adjust. None of them dared speak for fear that the men in the room below might hear. Even Anna was quiet, as if she had finally realised how serious the situation was. Either that or she had run out of suitable poetry and was about to start on the Shakespeare. When Alistair’s eyes had adjusted as much as he presumed they would, he tried to make sure they were all there, which was tricky in the confined space. One, two, three, four. No, that couldn’t be right, one of them must have moved. He murmured to them.
“Stand still, everyone.” One, two, three, four, five. “Please, don’t move!” he whispered again.
“I’m not.” Carly was standing very close next to him, and she whispered angrily in his ear. She was starting to lose her grip with this bossy whingebag. 
“Well I’m not moving either, and Anna’s sitting down.”
Janice was concentrating on a nagging worry that had just crossed her mind. She was thinking about those hands which had helped her through the hatch. Rough hands, certainly not the hands of a hospital administrator. She imagined that Alistair probably hadn’t had much cause to be chopping wood, or building anything, he lived in a managed flat, with no garden. Suddenly she felt the hands again, this time one round her mouth and the other grabbing her round the waist, dragging her silently down the tunnel.
Alistair was still counting. One, two, three, four. Hadn’t Janice said Anna was sitting down? He hadn’t even counted her. Closing his eyes to try and get them to adjust still more, he listened for any movement below. It had all gone very quiet, he wondered if perhaps they hadn’t worked out where they’d gone. He kicked himself that they hadn’t tidied up the bit of lock that had fallen, but then he guessed it would be fairly obvious how they had escaped and it was only a matter if time before the hatch was forced open and they would all be taken. He opened his eyes, and after checking up and down the corridor he counted again. One, two, and Anna on the floor made three. It occurred to Alistair that in this dark, oppressive space everything seemed slightly larger.
“I think they’ve finished downstairs, either that or they’re preparing something nasty. Either way, we need to get out of here.”
“Exactly right.” The voice was unfamiliar, as was the hand which grabbed his forearm. “Help me with the girl, and we’ll get you out of here.”
Alistair planned to ask who the hand belonged to, but somehow it all seemed a bit pointless now. He was getting used to being led around, and for now he thought it prudent to go along. He was also scared half to death, but he still wanted to feel as though it was his choice to go, so he chose to keep quiet. He lifted Anna gently to her feet, put her arm across his shoulder and followed the dark shapes in front of him down the tunnel.

“Jim, what news have you got?”
“It’s bad news, I’m afraid Boss.”
Tony didn’t want bad news. What he wanted was to be told that there was only one way out for the four useless little rats and their futile little escape plan, and that that exit was already covered and they had been caught. What was worse, Baz was leaning over his shoulder, listening to the tinny squeak from his earpiece.
“Okay, talk to me. How bad?”
“The access tunnel is part of a really old maintenance support system. There are only two exits shown on my schematic, and one end is blocked off, bricked up years ago.”
This sounded good so far.
“So what’s the problem? If it’s blocked at one end, we should just be able to go to the other.”
“We could, but you wouldn’t like it.”
“Why not? Jim, just get to the bloody point.”
There was a pause, while Jim took a breath.
“Boss, it comes out slap bang in the middle of the Wannabe quarter.” All Jim heard was a dull hiss. “Boss?”
Tony had leapt onto the top of the cabinet in the machine room, tearing open the trap door. Struggling up inside he shone his lantern down through the darkness, but saw nothing. Baz stood below him, shouting orders.
“Go on down the tunnel. Follow them.”
“The hell I will. They’re a right bunch of nutters you know. If they catch me there’s no telling what they might do to me.”
“Oh come on, they’re a bunch of hyped up nancy boys, supported by a team of weak minded geeks who get off on watching the go-go dancers. Of course I could come with you if you like, hold your hand. Would you like that?” Baz started up the cabinet, struggling to get a purchase. The cabinet was mostly covered in the sticky residue of whatever had been thrown on the trap door, and those surfaces which were not sticky were slippery with condensation.
“Did you never watch the Jerry Springer Show?”
“No Tony, I didn’t. I prefer to stick with reality. Now, speaking of reality, give us your hand down here and help me up before I send Mauler and Scarecrow up after you.”
Mauler stood by the doorway, his screwed up face seeming to sum up how much he would enjoy climbing into yet another damp hole. Scarecrow had much the same expression but unlike Mauler this was his usual look. It was tricky to make out when Scarecrow was unhappy. It was safest to assume he was unhappy all the time, which he pretty much was.
“What can you see up there?”
Tony looked round in the darkness, just enough light strayed through the hatchway to make it clear that there was no-one nearby.
“Nothing much.”
Tony knelt in the damp scum on the floor of the tunnel, and leaning down through the hole tried to reach down to help Baz up. As Baz got a purchase on Tony’s hand he yanked hard, pulling Tony back through the hatchway, releasing him as he screamed and fell the fourteen feet onto the floor. Tony hit the deck with a sickening crack, landing square on the top of his head. He lay silent, as the sludge around him soaked into the fabric of his clothes. Baz clambered down and gestured to Mauler to check him over. Mauler lifted a limp arm and dropped it, watching it slap into the muck. He put two fingers against Tony’s neck, searching for a pulse. After a moment or two he looked at Baz shaking his head. Baz lowered his eyes to the ground, as if praying.
“He wasn’t a bad kind of bloke, really. Let’s get out of here.”
Baz swept through the low doorway, as Mauler, denied the fun of killing Big Tony himself, levelled a kick at Tony’s head. Then he and Scarecrow followed Baz out. Scarecrow considered the sickening crunch of the bones in Tony’s neck as he landed and for the first time in several weeks, was smiling.

Part Six - Saviours

Alistair stumbled in the darkness, struggling to maintain the pace of the people in front. Despite Anna’s meagre weight he had already begun to stagger, and had already nearly fallen once. As he lost his balance for the second time, numerous hands reached out from the darkness, lifting Anna’s weight from his shoulders and then supporting his, as they burst out into the brightly lit station. Alistair squinted in the dazzling light. He could just make out the elaborate décor, the people around him in colourful clothing, all spotlessly clean. Obviously he knew where he was, although nothing had prepared him for just how theatrical the Wannabe quarter would be. His eyes were adjusting rapidly and he saw Janice being led into a room ahead of him along with Anna. Carly however he could not see. Perhaps she had just blended in to the crowd. He called out to her as he passed the room where Janice and Anna had been led into, but there was no answer.
“Just keep it down, will you? She and the other two are perfectly safe.” Alistair looked into a pair of dazzling eyes, enclosed in the handsome, clean shaven face of his companion. 
“Where are you taking me? And why can’t I go with them?”
“First, let me introduce myself. My name is Joshua Trenmill, I’m one of the senior staffers here. Now, here’s the problem. Carly we know, Anna we know, sort of. Janice, well, she has a trustworthy face, but we don’t know her, so we don’t trust her. You, on the other hand, you don’t have a trustworthy face, which makes us even less inclined to trust you.”
Alistair sighed, his shoulders drooping. He’d been through this too many times today already, and frankly he was getting tired of it.
“However, Alistair, you’ve proved that there’s a good chance you’re not with them so we’ll give you a chance. First though, certainly before you can be let loose around here on your own, there’s one thing that you must consent to.”

Despite the lack of resources, the residents of the Wannabe quarter had made an amazing job of transforming the grey, lifeless platforms, previously occupied by insurance brokers, bankers, and the various drones that their business demanded. Many walls and superfluous stairwells were removed to provide wide open spaces. The old rails had been ripped up and remanufactured into elegant, curved seating areas. Those walls that remained were painted in a brilliant white and lit by high powered flood lights. Tapestries and drapes were hung from the high ceilings, allowing them to swing gently in the draft from the recycled air billowing out of the ventilation shafts.
As well as being splendidly appointed the Wannabe quarter was technically superior to the world above. The technicians used the latest radio networking technology to communicate, control systems, broadcast pictures and provide security for their fellow residents. Satellite tracking was useless from this far down, so they devised their own way of keeping tabs on people.

Joshua showed Alistair a white patch on his forearm. “Everyone here has a tracker, inserted just under the skin on the forearm. This way we know where everybody is. We don’t actively keep tabs on anyone here, but if we need to, we can find you. To stay here you need to have one too. It’s mostly for your own protection, but initially they are put in for ours, just in case you should, well, you know. It’s time for you to get yours.”
“What if I refuse?”
“If you think that you stand more chance with those guys back there, you’re quite welcome to refuse. We would simply let you back out into the upper city through the nearest exit. I’m sure you won’t have to go looking for them.”
Alistair hadn’t really considered never being able to go back to how he had been before. He wished that he could just turn the clock back, but sadly he knew he couldn’t. As soon as he had involved himself in Carly’s escape, he knew that he had left himself no option but to put himself in the hands of any ally Carly had, and these people seemed to be the only choice presently open to him.
“I think I’ll decline the option to leave. I’m guessing I’m not too popular out there.”
Joshua smiled. “I’m glad to have you on board. Personally, I think you’re very brave, considering the day that you have had so far.”
“Just tell me, how do you know so much about me? I feel like I’ve been under a microscope all day, but I assumed that it was the voyeur people who were watching me.”
Joshua chuckled at Alistair’s phraseology. “We have just as many technical people down here as they have up there. These are the guys who set up the biggest, most complex camera and monitoring rigs you can ever imagine, so tapping into a few feeds run out by the “voyeur people”, as you call them, isn’t the greatest stretch for them. Since the little nosebags are so confident in their security, we hacked into their CCTV video feeds and spend a lot of our time watching them.”
“Nosebags?”
“It’s a cross between Nosey and Scumbags. I’m not especially happy about the term myself, I’d prefer something far sharper but that’s what seems to have stuck. So, you ready?”
“I guess so. It won’t hurt will it?”
Alistair was led into a room occupied by a stereotypical nurse, complete with white hat, seamed stockings and short, low cut white dress.
“Sit down, Alistair, and roll up your sleeve.”
Alistair looked up at Joshua, who gestured to him to sit down. The “nurse” smiled sweetly, showing pearly white teeth and thrusting her breasts out at him, swinging her long tanned legs back and forth. It was one hell of a bedside manner, he thought. However the syringe on the rolling trolley next to her had a seriously large needle, which he assumed was destined for him.
“Erm, excuse me, but are you actually qualified?”
The nurse looked hurt. “I’ve seen more old episodes of ER and Casualty than anyone else I know. I think that makes me perfectly qualified enough don’t you?”
Alistair just stared.
“Don’t you?”
Alistair nodded politely. It wasn’t as though he had a choice. He considered suggesting Janice could do this with less painful consequences, but after the squabbles they had been through today he wasn’t so sure.
“Just tell me one thing,” Alistair asked. “Have you done this before?”
“Of course, loads of times. Well, quite a few times.”
“How many times?”
“I haven’t been counting, but it’s at least six.”
“Six? All successful?”
“Yes.” She replied indignantly. “Well one got a serious infection, and had to have her lower arm amputated but apart from that.”
Alistair drew breath. Five out of six wasn’t bad.

Carly had been separated from the other three for thirty minutes. So far she had been briefed about the activities of the so called nosebags and been given a rundown of everything that had been shown which had involved her in any way. It had been a very long thirty minutes, as she saw images of herself, including her showering and changing. A few years back this would have been quite entertaining for her, but now it unravelled years of conditioning, leaving her feeling drained and confused. Finally she had been joined by George Trenmill, a severe looking man who she was sure she had met before, although he denied that he had. Carly assumed that either he or she had been drunk at the time, and hoped that in the circumstances if she had made a fool of herself that he would not remember.
“So then Miss Underwood. Given how you have been portrayed out there, how would you like to stay here with us? We can offer a more useful place in society here than you are likely to find outside of this area, I can assure you. There is still a great deal of animosity amongst the general public, and as for the nosebags, they’re just a bunch of freaks who prefer to hide their celebrity aspirations in darkened rooms as opposed to bright, shining, happy communities such as this.”
Carly correctly identified this as a sales pitch, and wondered how much it would cost her.
“Having said that, the word is that you are very popular amongst the voyeur club members. How do you feel about that?”
“To be honest I couldn’t care less what those screwballs think. I’ve had some pretty weird fans in my time, but it sounds to me like they really take the biscuit.”
“Don’t be too hard on them,” George said, smiling with his mouth, but not his eyes. “They have to get their fix somehow, it’s like a drug, it becomes an addiction. The people you need to be angry with are those who run the clubs.” George took a deep breath, adjusted his seating position and placed the tips of his forefingers to his lips in comtemplation.
Here it comes, thought Carly, the price. George leant close to her, speaking in hushed conspiratorial tones.
“This is where you and your new friends come in. We need to deliver a substantial blow to the voyeur club enterprise, take out a chunk of their empire. You three have just the information and contacts we need. Alistair has been in one of the clubs, so we hope he can help us get in too. Anna in particular will be an important source of information, particularly in relation to the recovery centres. Janice, well, we’ll find something for her to do. But first, will you help us? We don’t have a great deal of time.”
This was worse than Carly had thought. She had guessed they would be after her money, or at worst her contacts. She hadn’t expected to be used as bait.
“To what end, Mr Trenmill? Won’t they just set up somewhere else?”
“Of course, and that’s just what we’re hoping. We were very disappointed to have missed out on the dismantling of the Wannabe Cured, or as you know it the Star of the East. We are keen to know where they store the equipment, but were too late in that case. We need another target to aim for. I would like to spend more time explaining, but we really don’t have it. However there is one thing I would like to add. Given the information we have, we estimate there are over five hundred people who are being deceived and exploited in much the same way as you were. You are in a position to help them, and I believe you will.”
Carly considered George Trenmill’s ‘offer’. He seemed very confident, to the point of being bossy. It was clear she was not hearing the whole truth and that there might ultimately be a high price to pay. She could see however that he was desperate for their help, and he had a point about the other Wannabe’s. Now that she had some time to think about it, she felt aggrieved about the years of self confinement she had put herself through for no good reason, especially now that she had had a brief look around this community that had been created by the very people that had many years ago surrounded her. She felt that she needed to do something to retrieve her dignity.
“I’ll help you, but first I have one question.”
“Fire away. I’ll answer it if I can.”
“You keep saying ‘we’ – who are you?”
George Trenmill laughed. “That’s a big question, which would take some time to explain. However, as we really need your support, let’s go and find the others. They will probably want to know this too, and it seems silly to repeat it later on.”

Janice and Anna met Alistair clutching at his arm as he came out. A floosy in a short nurse’s dress came running out after him in tears.
“What did you do to her? We could hear her screaming from three doors down.” Janice berated Alistair, whilst examining his swollen arm. There were at least five puncture marks on his arm, three of which were still bleeding.
“What do you mean her? I was the one doing the screaming.”
Janice raised her eyebrows. Alistair was strangely glad that Carly wasn’t there, to see him moaning like a three year old. “Well it hurt, damn it, look at my arm!”
“Oh do stop whining. The swelling will go down soon.”
Anna thought it looked pretty sore to her, but didn’t say anything. She felt very uncomfortable, as the people around them stared at them like they were aliens, or perhaps celebrities. Most of them seemed in awe, but some others came up to them, enthusiastically shaking their hands and kissing them. Anna found it all a little over the top, but she wasn’t sure if this had more to do with the cocktail of drugs that were still working their way round her system, combined with the adrenalin shots she had just been given to try and compensate. She wondered what had happened to Carly. Anna was sure that she was safe, they were surrounded by her kind of people after all. All the same, she was actually missing her. For a brief spell she had been a distraction from Alistair and Janice’s constant bickering.
“Ok kids, let’s go to work.” Shooing the gathered crowds away Joshua rounded the three of them up and herded them towards a small chamber which appeared to be made of stainless steel, inside and out. Images of their faces and weary bodies bounced back at them from all angles, distorted by the faint imperfections in the metal.
Janice thought it odd that they should choose such a material, given its tendency to turn one’s reflection into as grotesque an apparition as any hall of mirrors.
Joshua seemed to read her mind. “This room was designed for two purposes. From an abstract point of view, everyone is equal within these walls regardless of their beauty. It is a reminder that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Secondly, being made of steel it’s very difficult for anyone to transmit any signals outside of these walls. You’ll notice that phones and wireless pagers will not work in here.” None of the three of them had a phone or a pager, and if Joshua did it was not obvious.
“Why would that be important?” Alistair’s interest was piqued, despite the throbbing pain in his arm.
“Well without wanting to go into too much detail, we have a fairly sophisticated political structure down here. It doesn’t work all the time, so occasionally we need somewhere to perform mediation. With most people here connected to at least one other person by some means it’s important that we keep it secure and confidential. Of course it also gives us a secure location where the Famous Five can meet. I assume you’re familiar with them? Well every other meeting they have is held here, which gives our people a chance to be represented in their own environment. Ah, here we are, the final team member.”
Carly entered the room, followed by a tall man in a cream leather trench coat. Anna couldn’t help feel that he looked familiar, but was so pleased to see Carly that she soon forgot all about him. She got to her feet and gave her a hug.
“Anna, how are you? The last time I saw you, well, you were a bit out if it really weren’t you?”
“I’m fine now thank you. Joshua here has been looking after us quite well.” Alistair snorted, examining his swollen arm.
George Trenmill greeted his brother, Joshua, then stepped into the centre of the room.
“Ladies, gentleman. We have a proposal for you. To be totally honest with you, I don’t believe you have any other option, but we want to ask for your help all the same. In the circumstances it seems fair.
“Here’s the deal. You need somewhere to lay low, where you can be protected. This,” he waved one arm around him, “is just about the only place that will give you the protection you need. In return we need your help with a demonstration we have planned for the Nosebags. I have already asked Carly, and she has agreed in principal. However, in order for the plan to be successful, we need at least you, Alistair and you, Anna, on board too.” George looked at his watch. “Now, we need to make a decision quite quickly.”
“Mr Trenmill,” Carly interrupted. “I hate to interject, but there was something you were going to explain to us first?”
“Of course. I suppose this is as good a time as any. There is no doubt that there are many extremes to be found in this country. The two that are particularly obvious are the Wannabes, and the pure scientists. The problem here is that these groups have such diametrically opposed viewpoints, neither of which is particularly healthy. Most people in this country have a view point that sits somewhere in between. The majority of people lean in the direction of science and reading, but only because that is how they are conditioned. Some others, like the community here lean in the direction of celebrity but historically these people are like this because they were also conditioned to behave in that way. Personally, I like to sit right in the middle, liberal with a small l if you like. I have no intention of spending my days reading my life away, but I don’t begrudge anyone else if they wish to do that. The same applies to the celebrities. I would rather be run over by a speeding rhino than perform at a karaoke evening, but that doesn’t necessarily mean I wouldn’t enjoy watching, lets say, Carly here perform for us.”
Anna flashed a grin at Carly, who remembering how ashamed she had felt when Anna had discovered the Karaoke CD in her room, looked away quickly to stare at the floor. 
George Trenmill drew himself up, as if preparing to give a party political broadcast, which in essence he was.
“My point is that earlier Carly asked me a question about who ‘we’ are. Put simply, we are the middle ground. We see no reason to persecute either side, everyone has their place but there must be balance and openness, neither of which we have had for nearly four decades. As a member of the Famous Five, I have been able to exert some influence and recruit a number of key people to our organisation. We have met a great deal of opposition, which tells me that not only are the main players very powerful, but that they are also making a lot of money. Money is the common factor that unites both extremes, and though far from healthy this is the driving force behind their reluctance to give any leeway to each other. We plan to use public opinion to reduce the influence of these extremists. But first we need them out in the open, for people to realise for themselves just how ridiculous and corrupt our society has become. It predates the rise of the Wannabes to the point of the almost-tragedy of the Star of the East all those years ago. The rot set in long before then, and we plan to put it right.
“So who are ‘we’? We are the balance, we are the tolerant, the moderate, the free-thinking essence of the British populace. We, are the Equilibrium Party.”
The four of them sat in stunned silence.
“So what do you think? Good speech? Josh and I worked on it for some time. Obviously it will be a while yet before we have a chance to use it, but I’m looking forward.”
Alistair was the first to find his tongue.
“That’s all very well. But when you say ‘we’, what do you mean? How many, and where? You mention ‘key players’ but don’t have any names.”
Joshua stepped up next to his brother.
“Alistair, you like books right?”
“I certainly do.”
“Then you’ll know the name Peterson, of course.”
“Yes.”
“Are you in that case familiar with the hereditary peer Dame Peterson, Andrew Peterson’s mother?”
“Can’t say I’ve ever met her, but yes, of course I know of her.” Joshua was silent, just watching him. “You mean she is a supporter of your cause?”
“She is, and a very useful one too. She is partly responsible for us obtaining the limited access we have to the club run by her son. That has been very useful up to now, but you, Alistair, you currently hold a gold nugget where that is concerned. You are our ticket into the hub of their operation.”
“Excuse me? If I go back in there surely they will kill me?”
“You leave that to us. We won’t allow you to go there on your own, and we’ll do everything we can to avoid putting you in danger. Having said that, we can’t guarantee anything.”
“George,” Janice sat herself down in one corner. “Where do the rest of us come into this?”
“Well Janice, Anna will, I hope, help us to find the Solo Centre. If she is agreeable, we’d like Carly as a trump card, a distraction if you will, given how important she is to the voyeur clubs. And you, well, to be absolutely honest we don’t have a role for you. But if you see anything that takes your fancy, by all means let me or Josh know.”
Janice tried not to look too hurt but it still showed. Only Alistair noticed, giving her a brief smile of reassurance.
“You do understand that I don’t actually know the way to the Solo Centre, don’t you?” Anna was worried that her acceptance would be dependant on this, and she didn’t want any more misunderstandings.
“And what do you mean, ‘a distraction’ exactly?”
“Ladies, stay calm and we will explain all this in good time. For the moment, we need to know whether you will help us. I’m sure you understand our reticence to explain everything to you before we know that you’re in.” George gestured to Joshua and headed for the door. “You have three minutes to decide. We’ll be right outside, but we really haven’t any more information that can help you.”
George and Joshua left them.
The four of them sat and stared at the table. Again, it was Alistair who broke the silence.
“Like the man says, I don’t think we have a choice.”
“Really? You’re not the one they want to use as a ‘distraction’ Alistair.” Carly leant across the table and locked eyes with him. To her surprise, and Alistair’s, he held her gaze.
“No, it sounds like they want me to go back into a room full of thugs, who’ve been watching my every move for the past four hours, including helping their rising star to escape them.”
“Point taken. I’m sorry. I’m just very suspicious about the motives here. They have made it very obvious that they’re not giving us the whole story. They claim it is to protect themselves, but how do we know it isn’t solely to influence our decision?”
Anna agreed. “Maybe I’m being swayed by my really crappy day, but I’m with Carly on this one. I definitely don’t trust these people at all. I mean, this guy’s on the Famous Five. Is he making out that he’s a double agent or something? If that’s the case, he is clearly duplicitous and not to be trusted.”
Janice sighed. “How about Joshua then? What’s everyone’s opinion of him?”
Anna reiterated her mistrust. “I don’t trust any of them. For a start, how did they know where to find us?”
“They explained that. They have some way to tap into the voyeur feeds, the CCTV, presumably the radio and mobile phone signals too. I guess they used that to track where we were. After all, the Nosebags could track us down, why couldn’t they?”
“I don’t buy that. If they can follow everyone around, why bother with these trackers?” Carly held up her arm. “And while we’re on that subject, does everybody else’s hurt like hell?”
Alistair was about to set off into another tirade on the subject of his Casualty inspired nursing nightmare, but Janice stopped him with a little finger wagging. Instead he returned to his previous argument.
“I don’t know the answer to any of this, but again I say, I don’t think we have a choice. What else can we do but help them? Carly, do you really want to go back to being watched twenty four hours a day? That’s what lies in wait for you out there.” Carly didn’t reply. At the moment she actually quite fancied the idea, but wasn’t prepared to let on to the others. “And Janice, do you really think you and I will be allowed to return to our normal lives? No chance. Anna, I hate to sound negative but what do you have left to go back to? Your home is gone, your job is gone…”
“That’s enough Alistair.” Janice was about to take command. “Anna, Carly, I appreciate your worries, and on the face of it I have the least to worry about in all this, but I agree with Alistair. We have nothing left to lose. If these guys turn out not to be what they say they are, then they will just fit in perfectly with the rest of the day so far. Now it would be great if we had all night to talk about this, perhaps even sleep on it, but we don’t. So how do we do this? Take a vote? Okay, a show of hands. Who’s in, to take a slice out of the only people who we all know to be a genuine enemy?”
Alistair put his hand up, a little too high to retain any semblance of composure. Anna looked at him, arm held high in the air like an eager pupil at school. Swot, she thought. She glanced at Carly, who nodded to her gently. They both slowly raised their hands.
“So, folks, have we decided?” Joshua entered the room, his timing suspiciously perfect. Alistair eyed him carefully.
“I thought you said this room wasn’t bugged?”
“Actually no I didn’t. I said it was difficult to transmit signals in and out. I said it could be a secure, confidential room. At the moment it’s bugged.” He smiled cheerfully and pulled down a smoke detector from the centre of the room. It hung from its wires, emitting the gentle whirr of a zoom lens. “Hardwired, runs through the pyro cabling. Very neat, difficult to spot. Of course George knows all about them and has them manually disconnected when we need them to be.”
“So why did you leave the room at all,” Alistair asked, “if you could hear everything anyway?”
“Just to make you feel more comfortable.” Joshua continued to smile. “Listen, take it from me. In this world you should always assume you’re being monitored unless you’re told otherwise. So anyway, you’re all in right?”
“It looks like it. However, I think we need something more to finally swing it.”
“Lets hear it then.”
Janice held up one finger. “Firstly, Anna needs to be checked over, by a proper doctor, not some Doctor Kildare impersonator.” Joshua nodded. Janice held up a second finger. “Secondly, Carly needs a little time out to get herself together. A little music, dancing perhaps? I don’t know.” Joshua nodded again. And Carly smiled happily.
“I’ll see what I can do, given the time constraints.”
“Thirdly, I think Alistair and I would very much appreciate our parents being taken care of. I know Alistair’s mother has been threatened, I’m guessing mine isn’t too far down their list.”
“We’ll get onto it straight away. I’m guessing it’s in our interest for them to be here, rather than out there anyway.”
“Finally, I want to go with Alistair to Peterson’s club.”
“No Janice, I can’t allow that.” Alistair was suddenly protective of Janice. “You’ve not been there, it’s dark and dingy, not your kind of place at all.”
“You told me there were women in the club too.”
“Yes, but what difference does that make?”
“Last time you went there, did you have a woman with you?”
“Of course not. I told you.” It dawned on Alistair what she was thinking. “You want to help my cover. I suppose it could work, but it’s too dangerous.” Janice ignored him, turning to Joshua who moments before had been joined by George.
“Joshua, those are our conditions. Can you accept that?”
“Mostly, apart from your going to the club. I’d really prefer it if you went with Anna to the Solo Centre. Our Doctor says Anna is still pretty shaky and we might need your expertise.” Janice considered this for a moment, watching Anna moving gingerly around the room.
“I suppose you’re right.”
“Then we’re in agreement,” stated Joshua, smiling. “Welcome aboard!”

Anna, Carly and Janice took the opportunity to freshen up. Stood in the gently lit washroom, they each tried to wipe away the grit and dirt from that last few hours. They had each been lent some fresh clothing, for which Anna was particularly grateful, having spent too much time in the damp hospital gown now cast aside in the corner. Her outfit was a little avant-garde for her tastes, but she wasn’t about to head off down the catwalk so she guessed it wouldn’t be a problem.

Alistair on the other hand was the subject of a slightly different type of make up.
“This will never fool them you know. They’ll spot me a mile off.”
“Alistair, tell me. It was dark in there, right?”
“Well, yes, everywhere apart from the Boss’s office. He’ll recognise me straight away, as will his two pet gorillas.”
Joshua and George exchanged a fleeting look. George shook his head gently.
“Er, you leave Big Tony to us Alistair. Besides, you won’t be on your own. I’ll be with you, and we’ll be sending a couple of gorillas of our own. All we need you to do is get us in there and then we’ll do the rest.”
“So what exactly do you plan to do in there?”
“I don’t think you want to worry yourself about that. I will tell you this – we have information which suggests that the club in Peterson’s basement is a very important location for the Nosebags. We are hoping that this is where their central control is located, which will be important if we want to breach the Solo Centre.”
“What do you mean breach? I thought that was what you wanted Anna for.”
“Backup plan, Alistair. We’ve invested a lot of time and effort in this, not least your rescue which was a great deal more risky than you know. If the team with Anna and Carly cannot make their way into the Solo compound from the outside, we may need to help them a little from the inside. Currently they hold all the cards, and frankly they don’t deserve them.”
Alistair was struck by the sense that all this seemed a little hypocritical. “What exactly do you hope to achieve with all this? I mean, I know you want to take a chunk out of these guys but all this smacks a little of revenge, don’t you think?”
“I can see why you would think that, and to a certain extent you are right. Much of the support we have is founded in a misguided sense that we should be in charge, not them. As you can tell, I don’t agree, although I try not to make too big a deal of it down here. We need all the support we can get.” Joshua lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “These celeb’s you know, wannabes if you will, they’re a funny lot at times. Can you imagine, the world run by Wannabes?” Joshua winked to Alistair, a wide grin forming from ear to ear. Despite Joshua’s contradictory nature, Alistair found himself rather enjoying the company of this unusual man. He had such a calm voice in this world of extremes.
“We don’t have to imagine it,” interrupted George. “We used to live it, remember? Alistair, are you into technical things? The girls are still prettying themselves up, so how do you fancy a trip to our media control centre?”
Alistair figured he had nothing better to do and he was curious to know how these people gathered and collated their intelligence.

They entered the monitoring suite through a door marked ‘Compound Security, Authorised Personnel only’. This was immediately followed by another door, marked ‘No entry when red light is on’. Alistair couldn’t see a red light anywhere, so he followed George through, feeling quite honoured to be allowed into what was clearly an important inner sanctum.
“Don’t worry about the dramatic notices on the doors. They don’t mean anything much now. This whole suite was brought lock stock and barrel out of the set of Celebrity Watch.”
“Celebrity Watch? I vaguely remember the name, but I don’t remember anything about it.”
“Well it was on quite late.” Alistair almost pulled a face at him. “Dreamt up by the Metropolitan Police Force, no less. As the number of CCTV cameras grew, they found staffing the viewing suites more and more expensive. The operators found the work tiring and boring, so they came up with the idea of tapping in to the desire of the populace to watch other people all day. Of course people’s natural voyeuristic tendencies were not quite enough to convince them to sit in suites like this watching CCTV all day, so they had to throw them a bone or two.
“Every now and then, a celebrity would turn up in front of a camera somewhere. When a ‘watcher’ spotted them they would get a cash prize. Every minute that the celebrity’s presence went unnoticed, that cash prize was reduced until finally it was worthless. This helped to ensure the ‘watcher’ stay alert. When a celebrity eluded them, the ‘watcher’ would be replaced by another drawn purely at random and the challenge would start all over again.
“Of course if during all this a crime was committed, or someone began acting suspiciously the ‘watcher’ would call the supervisor over and a local beat officer would be alerted. The watcher would be rewarded for this too, although that was paid for by Crime Stoppers, rather than the TV production company. It was a truly masterful idea, but unfortunately it had one fundamental flaw.”
“Really? Sounds faultless to me.”
“Think about it. You’re a celebrity, wandering around somewhere you would never expect to find a celebrity. There’s someone watching you on CCTV, with a cash prize at stake. How would you feel if despite this, they still didn’t recognise you? It got to the point where the celebrities would always ensure they were spotted, either by wearing daft clothing, or no clothing, or travelling within herds of other celebrities which wouldn’t make them very difficult to spot. Naked celebrities are tricky to show before the watershed, meaning the daily compilation programs had to be shown after nine in the evening, reducing the viewing figures. In the end the program was axed, partly due to falling advertising revenue but mostly down to the fact that since the celebrities were being spotted far earlier, the production company could no longer afford to keep paying out. Even the premium rate telephone revenues couldn’t save it. And so, the whole ‘set’ was mothballed, until we found it and transported it here.”
“I suppose that would explain why it looks more like a brothel than a CCTV monitoring room.”
“Quite so. We did plan to redecorate it but now we’re sort of attached to it. Anyway, let me introduce you to a few people here. This is Jed, our chief technician. He’s the man responsible for most of the espionage we do here, although his speciality is tapping mobile phones and other wireless devices like digital radios and PDA’s.”
Jed was a short weasel faced man. His pale complexion was a product of the years sat in darkened rooms or fiddling about underneath sound stages. His thick spectacles sat low on his nose, and he peered at Alistair over the rims like a school professor.
“Mr Smythe, we’ve seen so much about you. Very pleased to meet you.” Jed shook Alistair’s hand, firmly and for just a little longer than Alistair felt comfortable with. Joshua stepped in to save him before Jed cut off the circulation to his fingers.
“Over here we have Steve, our tech support assistant and that over there is Edith, our data logger.”
“Oi, what d’you mean ‘that over there’? If I didn’t think you was joking I’d give you a good slap.”
Alistair shook hands with Steve, but Edith didn’t offer, nor did she stand up. Alistair thought this to be rather rude until he spotted the plastic arms and wide, bicycle-tyred wheels of her wheelchair. When Edith looked back to her logging terminal he lent close to Joshua and whispered to him.
“What happened to her?”
“I can hear you. I have very good hearing, one of the reasons why I am here.”
Alistair blushed, stammering a hurried apology.
“Never mind, ask me anyway. Go on, ask what happened to me.”
Joshua rubbed a hand across his chin, grinning to himself. He signalled Alistair to go ahead.
Alistair had no choice but to pursue the issue, but decided to proceed with caution. “Edith, why are you in a wheelchair?”
“Botched sex-change operation.” She replied, bluntly, then belly laughed at the look on Alistair’s face. When George joined in Alistair wasn’t sure whether to laugh politely with them.
“Seriously?”
“Yes actually. I won’t bore you with the gory details, although seeing as you work in a hospital you’ve heard worse stories I’m sure.” Alistair still couldn’t get used to the fact that everyone knew who he was. “Actually, come to think of it, which hospital do you, or rather did you, work at?”
“St. Margaret’s.”
“Oh, you’re alright then. The Brownsworth clinic are responsible for this, the slipshod little hooligans. They didn’t even help me with the paperwork afterwards.”
“Didn’t you pursue them for damages?”
“I tried, but I couldn’t find a lawyer who was interested. They were all too busy chasing after those crazy but harmless extreme readers at the time. In the end I just gave up. When I couldn’t stand people staring at me anymore I found my way down here. Jed over there and I used to work together, and I’ll be forever grateful to him for getting me this gig.” Edith and Jed exchanged an intimate glance, which sent a shiver down Alistair’s spine. He still wasn’t sure which way the sex change operation was supposed to take Edith, whether she used to be Edward, or wanted to become Edward. He decided this was something he would rather not pursue.
“Come along then Alistair. Let’s go and find the girls and take a final run through our relative tasks, which I expect have now been finalised. Then the four of you will need to get a little rest. It could be a long day.”
“Good luck.”
“Remember, we’ll be watching you.”
Edith and Jed waved them goodbye. Alistair didn’t find much comfort in either of their comments.


George and Alistair met up with Joshua, who was escorting a special guest to meet the new arrivals. Joshua performed introductions whilst they walked, business like towards the committee meeting room.
“Alistair Smythe, meet Ms Cybil Black. Cybil, Alistair here is one of the latest additions to our little community.”
Alistair shook the hand that Cybil Black presented. She sneered slightly, as though expecting him to kneel and kiss her hand rather than simply shake it politely.
“So, Mr Smythe. What do you do?”
“Until this evening I was a hospital administrator.”
Cybil sneered again. “Oh, I see. But now you’ve seen the light and given in to the urge?”
“The urge?”
“The urge to perform, I assume that’s why you’re here. You don’t strike me as having a technical bent. You’re not a bad looking man, I expect you can mix it up a little upstairs, so you’re not here purely for the girls.” Alistair blushed, but wasn’t about to describe his woefully inadequate sex life to a complete stranger, especially one as high profile as Cybil Black. “You’re too well dressed to be homeless, although that coat looks as though it’s seen better days and to be honest you look like you could use a bath. So, given those facts, the only other explanation is that you are a performer.”
“Actually I’m here more by accident than anything else.”
“Now now, Alistair, don’t run yourself down. You are going to be very important to us here.” George addressed Cybil directly. “One of his companions is a real performer though. If it’s a performer you’re after, perhaps you would be better off talking to her?”
“Carly Underwood? Oh I intend to. I’ve already seen the tapes that Jed sent over to me. She will fit in here very nicely, hasn’t lost any of her talent, and her incarceration hasn’t done her body any harm. Perhaps if we ever manage to get our own way on the Faffing Five then she’ll be restored to her former glory. What do you say, Alistair – does she float your boat, fly your kite so to speak?”
Alistair was fast going off this irritating woman with her flirty innuendo. But she was clearly influential within the compound. “Erm, well, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t find her attractive.”
Cybil sneered a little more, looking Alistair up and down. “Well, wouldn’t hold your breath, but if you’re stuck for a night out, look me up.” She handed him a foil printed business card, which he slid deliberately into a pocket with a gaping hole in the bottom in the hope that it would slide out. This would not only lose the card but would also give him a plausible alibi.
George started to draw Alistair away, as if to avoid any further embarrassment on his part. “If you’ll excuse us Cybil, we have some work to be getting on with.”
“Work? For goodness sake, it’s the middle of the night. These people should be out dancing, getting tipsy.”
“Time waits for no-one Cybil, not even you.” Cybil rolled her eyes as if she had heard this from Joshua many times before. If Joshua noticed this he didn’t let on. “We need to get Alistair and his companions settled in.”
Cybil rubbed a hand up Alistair’s arm and sighed. “Oh well, I suppose if you must. I ought to be getting back to my husband anyway. I left him with my friend Juliette, so I’d better get back before he gets too carried away. Last time he offended the entire Borough of Bromley Women’s Institute with phallic balloon models. I only came out to buy more Pimms.”
Alistair and George made a sharp exit, followed as soon as was polite by Joshua.

Alistair thrilled as he hugged Carly. By the time he let her go, the uncomfortable silence which hung over them convinced him that he had held on for just a little too long. He didn’t have to reprimand himself too vehemently, as Carly distracted him with a flashing smile.
The meeting room was filled with people. Joshua explained to the newcomers that some of them were the tech support for their early morning adventure, but most of them would make up the teams who were going to take part in the raid. 
“There are two key locations we need to hit, and timing will be critical. Firstly Team A, led by Andy and assisted by Alistair, need to gain access to Peterson’s voyeur club. While they attempt to locate the main control room, Team B, which will be led by Steve, assisted by Anna and Janice, will make their move into the Solo Centre. Dave, you need to configure some diversionary feeds to distract Solo’s security team, and the team at Peterson’s too if possible. I’m assuming everyone has had a chance to check through the notes, such as they are. I apologise if they seem a little sparse, but I suspect we are going to be making this up as we go along. Anyone have any questions?”
Carly flicked through her notes then held up her hand. Joshua prompted her to speak up.
“What can I do to help? I haven’t been assigned a task.”
“Ah, your task is special. I’m afraid you’re going to be used as bait.”
There was a sharp intake of breath, followed by an irritated muttering.
“Bait?” Carly was understandably not keen on the idea. Joshua shushed the room.
“Now hold on a moment. It’s not quite what you think.” Joshua picked up a pen and walked to the whiteboard in the corner of the room.
“Here’s the deal. This here is the schematic of Peterson’s club that we drew with Alistair’s help earlier. It’s as good as we’re going to get, at least for today anyway. Over here we have our best guess for the layout in the Solo Centre. You can see where we’ve marked on what we expect to be camera runs, based on the location of the one way mirrors and orbital cameras we have seen in the hijacked feeds. We’re pretty sure that this is accurate. One thing we do know for sure is that this will be very heavily guarded, although hopefully not too well guarded at the time we arrive, being early morning. This means that we need a distraction, and seeing as how these two locations are several miles apart, we need more than one. Carly, this is where you come in. Dave here has a plan to hijack the feeds into the two venues and present them with an image, showing you to be somewhere close by. Not too difficult you might think, but we encountered two major stumbling blocks. The first is that Carly needs to be shown to be in two different places at the same time, otherwise only one or the other of the two security teams will come looking for her. At worst, neither of them will and we will all be in deep water. It needed an elegant solution, and this is exactly what Dave and his team have come up with. This is the way it works. Carly, we put you in front of a green screen, just down the corridor from us in one of the small practice studios. We point two cameras at you, from two different angles. We then superimpose your image onto two feeds, each one drawn from live CCTV coverage from a camera close to the relevant venue. Once this is done, it is simply a case of hijacking the relevant feed into either the club or the Solo Centre and broadcasting the picture of you, seemingly hanging about just round the corner from them. This should send them out after you, and that will be the teams’ cue to make their move. Now, the second problem.” Joshua approached the board again and drew a straight red line between the two schematics, then two more lines to a point some distance below, forming a triangle.
“These two lower lines represent the feeds to the two buildings from the core of the producer’s video network. The feed which joins the club and the Solo Centre is a resilient link, designed to take over in the event of either of the other two failing. Now, if we were to cut into either of these links down here to insert our counterfeit images, we couldn’t be sure that the image they receive was the fake – they could still be receiving using this link. This makes life difficult, but it’s not impossible to overcome.” Joshua drew a round black circle half way along the line from the club to the Solo Centre. “Right here is a powered repeater, which is used to boost the signal between these two sites. It’s actually quite close to here, and information gained from a quick reconnoitre early this evening leads us to believe that it has no power backup, which means if the mains goes down, the link goes down. This means that we can interrupt that feed in a way that will raise little suspicion amongst the producers, ensuring that our feeds are the only ones the security teams see.” There was a general murmur of understanding and approval. Dave stood up and made his way to the front.
“There are a few other minor niggles we have to watch out for. There is a risk that someone walking past the CCTV cameras providing us with our cover feeds may be wearing green. If this is the case then Carly might be seen to walk straight through them if we’re not very careful. We haven’t really got an answer for that, to be honest I’m hoping that there won’t be anyone in a lime green shirt wandering around those areas, especially outside a bookstore but even nowadays you can never be entirely certain. The other minor problem is that our main encrypted communication link runs through the same location as the resilient link, and by taking out the power we will, for a short period, lose communication with the teams. This shouldn’t be for too long and besides we are unsure just how effective our radio network will be once you get into the buildings. There is a good chance they will have blanket signal dampeners installed to prevent the casual hacker from intercepting their transmissions.”
“So,” Joshua said cheerfully, clapping and rubbing his hands together. “Everyone know where they are, where they are going and what they do when they get there? Let’s hear ya say yeah!”
Janice, Alistair, Carly and Anna were not at all sure, but Anna was the only one to say anything above the whooping and yeahing of the others in the room.
“If you know the location of the Solo Centre, why do you need me?” 
“Who said we knew where the Solo Centre was? We only have these schematics, and we have a rough idea where the feeds are located but all this information is virtual, none of it is physical. We go by the names of the links, which can be anything at all. They may even be incorrectly named deliberately, just to throw us off. From the information you’ve given us, we know we’re in roughly the right place with this but we can’t be sure. So you see we do need you, Anna. We need all of you.”
Anna shrugged. She wasn’t sure how much more she could do to help, but given the opportunity to regain some dignity after being unceremoniously dumped at St. Margaret’s she was more than willing to play any small part she could. She was glad that Janice was going to be with her, if only because she still felt slightly nauseous and tired and was sure Janice would look after her.
Part Seven - Payback

Carly, Dave and his team were the first to leave the room. They had a lot of preparation ahead and the earlier they completed it the more comfortable Dave would feel. The things they had to achieve were not difficult in themselves, but combined with the limited amount of time and resources he was concerned that they would not have a reliable solution in place before six. And George wanted it by five.

Alistair was the next to leave. He was glad that he had been able to say goodbye to Carly. He was under no illusion that going back into the voyeur club was a very bad idea, even with the five burly guys and two even more burly girls who were to accompany him. He had been sorry to leave Anna and particularly sorry to leave Janice. He felt guilty for having involved her in this at all. She had chided him for it when he had apologised to her, but deep down he could tell she simply wanted to go home, run a hot bath and forget all about the strange nightmare of a day she’d had. Put simply, she was pissed off with the whole thing.
But not as pissed off as Alistair’s mother had been. She and Janice’s mother had arrived shortly before he was due to leave, convinced that they were being kidnapped. As for Janice’s mother, she had apparently almost put two men in hospital by attacking them with the first thing that had come to hand. Janice was treating them when Alistair left, and had expressed significant surprise at how much damage you could do with a copy of Pocket Massage for Stress Relief.
“Paperback or hardback?” He had asked. Predictably, he didn’t get an answer.
His own mother was less than pleased to find him hanging about with ‘unsavoury characters’ as she had called them, although she had softened a little when she bumped into an old friend, which he had presumed was someone from her past life in charity work on account of the fact that she hadn’t introduced her to him. She became more benevolent still when she discovered what a dreadful day he was having, and how it was about to get much worse. By the time he left, she was practically tugging on his trouser leg, begging him not to leave her. Joshua came and led her away, assuring Alistair they would take good care of her.
The eight of them let themselves out through a discreet entrance, painted to match in with the dingy brickwork of the street outside. They squeezed into a nearby people carrier and headed out across the city.
As the Voyager retraced Alistair’s earlier steps, he ran through the plan in his head over and over. It wasn’t difficult to remember. Gain entry, lurk around for a while trying not to get killed, then at a predetermined time, take over the control room. The reason he kept playing the plan over in his head was to drown out the sound of his companion’s tall stories about marathon drinking sessions, marathon eating binges and subsequent marathon vomiting competitions, or Non-stop Nauseous Unnecessariness as they called it. He was fairly sure they would only be able to say it before and some time after this particular activity, certainly not during it.

Enter, lurk, try not to get killed, take over the control room. Easy.
Alistair played with the in car entertainment for a while, as they threaded their way through what was left of the evening’s traffic. He struggled to find anything other than old martial arts films, flicking through the entire Jackie Chan back catalogue. Despite the singular theme, he was amazed at the amount of content that was available, especially given the huge amount of technical equipment the car appeared to be carrying in addition to the auto-changers, screens, control gear and display screens just for the video playback.
“Andy, what are these cars usually used for? They seem a little over equipped for just ferrying people around.”
“Actually they are test beds, we have four of them in total. The trainee technicians are allowed loose on them occasionally, but mostly we use it to test new broadcast technology.”
“You develop your own technology?” Once again Alistair was impressed with the level of commitment shown by a group which he had previously thought were only interested in accumulating airtime.
“Of course, who else is going to do it? When attitudes are balanced up again and we can emerge from the underground compounds, we will be in a position to launch some fantastic new services. How about on-demand high definition TV delivered using wireless networking to wherever you are in the country, removing the need for special aerials, decoders, digiboxes, smart cards? Or telephone conversations conducted using a voice activated handset that fits inside your ear, sent over the same network used to deliver your mail, internet access, television? All of this has been possible for years. All it took was for our researchers to collect together all the information from the different disciplines and then have our developers integrate it into a single system.”
“But where does all the money come from? That kind of development must cost a fortune.”
Andy smiled. “Here and there. Many of our residents do actually still have money, a residue from their previous lives. They’re happy to share it in return for a share in any profits. We also have some very powerful patrons. Of course they’re mostly anonymous, I think George is the only one who knows all of them. Everyone has their own ideas about who they might be, based on information shuffled around by the gossip merchants. But like most gossip, ninety percent of it is at best slightly inaccurate, at worst utterly misguided.”
“So you people are planning to regain control?”
“Alistair, really. You haven’t been paying attention at all have you? We don’t want control, we want to contribute. Everyone who lives in the compounds knows that what happened in the days before the scientists took over was an extreme reflection of events.”
“Everyone?”
“Well, nearly everyone. There are a few crackpots in every community. But the very nature of the revolt was a sign to all of us, we lost control because everyone was too busy showing off at the TV Gazette awards at the Grosvenor hotel. I mean, seriously. What were people thinking of? So that’s where we’re coming from. It needed to happen, but things have gone too far in the other direction. It’s time to strike a balance, and to do that, we need everything out in the open. Including the voyeur clubs.”
“How do you expect to achieve that? They’re pretty obsessive about their privacy you know.”
“You’ll see. Now, let me concentrate on my driving.”
Alistair decided not to push any further, he’d find out when the time came. Besides, he was distracted by the impressive set piece unfolding on the screen in front of him.

A few miles back down the road Janice and Anna were climbing into a similarly equipped car for the longer journey out to Richmond. Anna was nervous, not because they were clearly about to risk their lives in a frighteningly unpredictable fashion, but because she was not at all sure where they were heading. And she was supposed to be navigating.
Janice meanwhile simply stared out the tinted windows, watching the late night travellers as they wearily trudged up and down the pavements, rubbing their hands to keep warm. Many of them had clearly expected to be home far earlier and they huddled together as they waited for buses or taxi’s to take them back to their loved ones, to their nice cosy houses, with nice cosy slippers, nice cosy dinner and finally their nice cosy beds. Despite their travel woes, Janice envied them.

‘Enter, lurk, try not to get killed, take over the control room. Dum, de-dum de-dum. Wow, nice move. Wonder how long it took to practice that?’

Anna was sat up front with Steve, who was driving. In the door mirror she could just see Janice’s face pushed up against the tinted glass. Sitting with her were three tall, shaven headed men, who so far had said nothing, just looking clear ahead, like dormant robots awaiting instruction. Suddenly one of them woke up and leant forward.
“Okay Anna, put this on.” He passed her a blindfold forward from the rear seat.
Janice peeled her face away from the glass and grabbed it on the way past.
“Hold on just one moment. What’s this for, exactly?”
Anna twisted in her seat and beckoned to Janice to pass the mask to her. She smiled to her reassuringly.
“It’s alright Janice, I asked them to get this for me. Whenever we went to the Solo Centre they always blindfolded the attendees to ensure total secrecy. I figured it might help me remember which way to go.”
Anna picked the blindfold from Janice’s pinched fingers, leant back in her seat and slipped it on. She breathed deeply in the hope it would help her to relax and get her bearings. As the car headed round the Elephant and Castle she felt it turning, listened to the clonking of the suspension as it ran over drain covers and through the potholes. She sniffed the air for any recognisable smell, and her fingertips picked up the moderate vibrations of the differing road surfaces as they picked up speed.

‘Now then, enter, try not to get killed, lurk, take over the control room. No, enter, lurk, take over, try not to get killed. Ulp.’
For a moment Alistair was in crisis. He had forgotten the order of events. He was about to ask one of the walking tree trunks he was sharing the car with when Carly’s image appeared on the in car monitors. In the left headrest, she was stood in a quiet alley, smoking demurely on a filter tipped cigarette, which glowed orange as if lit by a street lamp, which was of course the whole idea. In the right headrest, she shone brightly in a flood lit kind of way, this time the cigarette glowing white in the harsh fluorescent light. Alistair had to admit, it was very cleverly done. Bizarrely though the sound track to Rush Hour 2 was still playing through the surround system in the back, the fighting continued in the form of crashing cutlery and glasses. One of the tree trunks grumbled to the driver. 
“Aren’t they jumping the gun a little? We are not even at the bookshop yet.”
The driver checked the small dashboard mounted monitor and addressed the rear view mirror. “They’ll just be calibrating, that’s not a broadcast picture. In a moment they’ll call us to find out how it looks from here.”
Right on cue the film sound track cut out as the dash mounted phone chirruped. The driver reached across and stabbed at the phone.
“Yup.”
“Andy, how’s it looking?” The tinny sound boomed around the cabin, the tree trunks buried their heads further down into their coats.
“Looks good on the mini screen here in the dash, Dave. Alistair, how does it look in the back?”
“Enchanting,” Alistair replied. The cars other occupants all looked at him. “Sorry. Yes, very impressive. I mean, technically speaking.” He was sure he could hear sniggering in the background.
“Excellent, glad to hear it. How long until you reach Peterson’s?”
Alistair glanced at the driver, who replied “Two minutes.”
“You’ll have to kill a bit of time, give it five and then go in.”
Five minutes. Alistair’s heart started pounding. The monitors had gone out, and soon the plan bundled its way back into his brain. Enter, lurk around a bit, try not to get killed, then take over the control room. Enter? The butterflies flew loop the loops in his stomach as Alistair realised he didn’t know the code to use in the lift. He considered pointing out this fact, but decided that given the close proximity of the forest of thugs this would be, on balance, ill advised. He tried to lean forwards and whisper it to the driver, but by now he was deep in conversation with the silver birch in the passenger seat, discussing techniques for safely disarming an attacker, almost all of which predictably ended in serious injury to the assailant. Still, if he was lucky he would be recognised long before they needed the code, and then it would no longer be a problem. In some ways he hoped the disguise he had been provided with was not so convincing as he had been told. They drew up alongside the kerb some distance from the store.
“Okay weight watchers, we walk from here. Alistair, you’re up first, clear with the plan?”
“Get in, lurk around, try not to get killed, take over the control room.”
Andy and the tree trunks looked at him. He looked back at them in turn.
“What?”
“Never mind. You’ve got the gist, I suppose the detail isn’t important.”

“Carly, much as I’m enjoying the show, how about a little less leg? Don’t want those security guards getting over excited now do we?”
Carly wasn’t used to being told to show less leg. This was proving a mite more difficult than she had expected. When the roles in this strange production had been dished out she had initially thought she had drawn a fairly easy gig. Just wander up and down on the improvised treadmill, surrounded by dishy technicians, each one of them desperate to be near her. In reality, her feet were hurting, the jacket she had been squeezed into was chafing her shoulders, and the technicians were all pre-occupied with the clever computer gismo’s they were using to make her seem somewhere other than a small, roasting production room a hundred feet below the city pavements. Perhaps she had been out of the loop for too long. She’d lost her touch. She gripped the hem of her skirt and wiggled it down a little.
“That’s good. Now, just walk a little bit slower, remember to try and maintain the same speed as the treadmill. Bit faster, no not that fast. Head up a little, don’t look to your left, keep your eyes ahead. Oh do come on, try to put some effort into it.”
Carly was getting bored of the constant stream of contradictory orders.
“How much longer are we going to be broadcasting for? I’m starting to feel a bit distracted, if I’m completely honest.”
“Carly, darling, we haven’t even started yet. Our teams are not quite in place.” It had been some time since anyone had called her darling. The hairs on the back of her neck prickled, as if someone had just run ice-cold fingers up her back. Carly was reminded of the days of premiers and parties, the sensation of stepping from air-conditioned chauffeur driven luxury into the variable temperatures outside of a hundred different theatres and cinemas. The well presented concierge, slim assistants to see to her every whim, burly security guards, nearly always male but occasionally she would ask for a couple of female guards, just to see the scared looks on the faces of her assistants. The long, slow walk down through lavish entrance halls to meet her host for the evening, just pausing to pose for a few photographs, stopping for just the right amount of time according to the outfit she had been loaned for the evening. If it was revealing enough, she was able to get away with modelling it for just that little bit longer than if she was covered up. On the rare occasions that she had decided to go against the advice of her stylist and go casual, she had discovered that blasting past the photographers was still quite effective. It tended to get smaller pictures but more copy, as the celebrity watchers grumbled gently about superstars not pulling their weight in the personal appearance stakes. This bad feeling was always resolved at the next party, when she would stun everyone by appearing dressed up to the nines in contrast to her previous appearance. This would lead to bigger, front-page photo’s and a long winded discussion of how much weight she had lost since her last ‘scruffy’ appearance. It was all a delicate balancing act, at which she had grown very accomplished. Carly was aware she was allowing herself to become distracted, but was drawn to the bright and shining memories. She tried to concentrate, focusing on the task in hand. Somehow she managed to wander too far to the left and the screech of her shoes against the stationary rubber track outside the walkway was followed by a supremely graceful fall off the back of the treadmill. Balancing the press was one thing, balancing on a treadmill with tired legs and ten kilowatts of lighting directly in your eyes was something a little different.
The technicians ran over to where she was laying, winded and gasping for breath. “Carly, are you alright? Can you move your feet? Wiggle your fingers for me. Where does it hurt?”
They crowded around her, calling for a first aider to come and check her over before she was allowed to move.
‘Typical,’ thought Carly. ‘Now they are paying me some attention.’

“No, no. Straight on. We’ll never do this if you can’t listen to my instructions. You need to turn back. I’m already getting disorientated.”
Things were getting a little fraught for Anna and Janice. They had already taken two wrong turns, headed down three blind alleys and driven the wrong way up a one way street. Each time they had to back track a few miles, then continue whilst Anna tried to regain her bearings.
“We can’t go straight on. It’s a one way street,” Steve said in a clipped voice. “Twenty three years as a London cab driver,” he muttered to himself. “And now it comes down to this, navigation by ESP.” He sighed and pulled over to the kerbside.
Anna was convinced they were heading the right way. She peeked out under her blindfold, looking over her shoulder at the road she had wanted to take. Sure enough, there were the large round no-entry signs, blocking the way. They stood side by side with the ‘Warning – trial road layout, temporary one-way system’ signs. 
Janice got out of the car and walked up the road. The driver got out and joined her.
“There’s not much traffic down there – couldn’t we just nip down there and hope for the best?”
“Listen lady, the last thing I need right now is to get had up for dangerous driving. We’re already high profile enough, standing outside at four in the morning looking lost. See those CCTV cameras up there? We go down this road and the rozzers will be all over us in two minutes. Come on, back in the car. We’ll just have to work our way round and hope that we can find somewhere which our blindfolded bloodhound recognises.”

George helped Carly to her feet, supporting her as she limped her way to a chair in the corner.
“Feeling shaky?”
“Well duh,” Carly replied sarcastically. “Sorry, just a bit yes. How are we for time?”
“Team A are all set, they’re stalling just down the road from Peterson’s. Team B have a problem, they can’t find Solo. So until they find it, we’re okay here.” George looked anxiously out of the door, as though waiting for the day’s only bus.
“What happens if they don’t find it? Do we still carry on?”
“Carry on with what? The Peterson’s club is just a diversionary target, it’s the icing on the cake. Solo is our key target, and at the moment we have very little idea where it is.”
“There’s one thing that wasn’t covered at the briefing. What do they intend to do once they gain entry into the centre?”
“That, I’m afraid, is something I cannot tell you yet. It’s best that as few people as possible know that information, especially if it’s not going to happen today.” George glanced at the door, where Joshua was waving to get his attention. “Excuse me, I’m going for a quick progress check. Do you feel able to carry on?”
“I need to change these trousers.” Carly showed him a tear up one side, and behind it you could just see the scuffs on her skin caused by the coarse surface of the treadmill.
George called to one of the runners. “Get Miss Underwood another pair of these. Size eight, right?” He turned to Carly. “Now, take care over here, we were lucky this time, because we weren’t broadcasting. If we had been, both teams could have been in a lot of trouble. Louise over there will help you tidy up a little, I’ll be back as soon as I have any more information.”
George swept past Joshua out into the corridor as Carly was led off to a small ante room. Technicians were still bustling round the treadmill, lighting and camera equipment, checking for damage.

“Wait, back up a little.”
Steve threw the car impatiently into reverse.
“What now?”
“I recognise that smell, curry right?”
Steve spotted a Curry house on the opposite side if the road.
“Well yeah, but there are quite a few round here, you sure you’ve got the right one?”
“There’s a Chinese takeaway very close by too.”
Janice pointed a few doors down from where they were parked.
“Okay,” Steve said. “I guess we’ve got nothing else to go on. Which way now?”
“Nowhere, we’re here.” Anna took off her blindfold, and looked around. She couldn’t see anything that could be recognised as remotely related to a television production stage but then they weren’t really expecting it to be sign-posted. Steve dragged his phone out and made the call.
“Joshua? I think we’re in place, but there are no clues as to where to go from here. Got any ideas? We’re just down the road from North Sheen station. Uh huh, yeah, I can see them. Lucky for us. If you say so. Okay, I’ll keep in touch.” Steve returned the phone to his pocket. “Okay guys, now it’s our turn. Anna, Janice, I want you to stay close to us. We’re going to have a quick look around.”
The three men in the back of the car busied themselves, loading their long trench coats with toolkits, spray cans, anonymous looking electronic devices and other various unmarked boxes. Once his coat was brimming one of them climbed out, unfolding himself like a piece of complicated origami. He stretched himself out and leant in the drivers window.
“What’s the story?”
“Joshua says this area has very few underground ducts for services, like gas, phone and most importantly electricity, so they all run overland. We just need to find the main substation, and follow the biggest power conduit we can find. If they’ve got a production facility anywhere around here, it’s gonna need a heck of a lot of power. I suggest we split up until we find the substation, and then reassemble back here when we’ve found it.”
“I don’t think we need to go looking for the substation.”
Steve got out of the car and turned to see Anna standing on the roof.
“At the Star of the East our power was provided by half a dozen one inch wide cables. They were grey with an orange stripe, as opposed to the usual black. Something to do with being able to differentiate between the power companies cables and our own.”
“Grey with an orange stripe?”
“Yes, like those ones up there, the ones that head into the abandoned night club.”
“A night club, cute.” Steve retrieved his phone, dialled quickly and without waiting for acknowledgement left his message.
“Death Star, this is Vader. Target acquired, awaiting further assistance.” He flipped the phone closed.
Janice cleared her throat, making Steve jump.
“Janice, I didn’t hear you get out.”
“One of the advantages of being a ward nurse, I’m trained to creep around.” She looked at him with a bemused grin. “Death Star? Vader? Why the code?”
“Code? Oh no, that wasn’t code. Just mine and Joshua’s little joke.”
“Marvellous, we’re about to get smashed and you’re cracking in-jokes with Joshua. That’s just great.”
“My my, you are feisty. Now, how about concentrating some of that energy and getting Anna down from off the roof? We need to get into cover before they start broadcasting, otherwise we’ll be really stuck. You three all tooled up?”
“Yes sir.”
“What about the tranquilliser guns?”
“Just getting them sir.”
“Good. I don’t want to have to use them, but George insisted on no firearms so they’re the best thing we’ve got.”
Janice tugged on his elbow.
“What do you mean no guns? These guys are, presumably, armed to the teeth?”
“Probably.”
“So why aren’t we?”
Steve took Janice’s hands in his, a patronising look on his face.
“Now, Janice. As a nurse I’m surprised to find you endorsing the use of firearms. The truth is we aren’t carrying guns because we shouldn’t need them. Besides, given that you’re correct in your assumption that they are heavily armed, and I for one agree with you, if we get into a firefight with these guys it wouldn’t matter if we were carrying a couple of rocket launchers, we’d still get mashed. Now help Anna down and follow me.”

George’s radio crackled. The signal was bad, but the message was instantly recognisable. He already knew that the plan to cut through the power conduit was a success. Just as predicted, much of the compounds communication system had switched to backup routes. So far the radio circuits were holding up, although as the quality of the message implied, they were restricted to just a few miles range. Both the teams were now well out of range, and would have to rely on cell communications. Not that they would be any use for the team underground at Peterson’s. He just hoped they could get in safely.
“Okay, we’re clear to go. And, three, two, one. We’re live. Give me bored, give me nothing better to do. Come on Carly, concentrate.”
Carly tried to look bored. At least the throbbing in her leg was a welcome distraction from the excitement of the event. Even though it was only being broadcast to a small number of people, this was the first time she had been in front of a live camera for years. When she thought she could get away with it she glanced across at the two monitors, watched intently by the two technicians who were busily making minor adjustments. While the technicians were altering the lighting and speed of the walkway, simultaneously adjusting the colour balance on the two high power graphics workstations that were merging the video feeds, Carly was watching herself on screen. Trying not to cry.

Andy was the first into the store, followed by the tree trunks and then Alistair. He had thought they would look very conspicuous, but his concerns were unfounded. It seemed that everyone in the store looked as though they were there either to have a fight or to steal something.
Alistair was racking his brains about how to get into the lift. He looked around desperately, hoping someone would go in the lift ahead of them and put the code in for him, so they could jump in at the last moment. But there was no one. It seemed that everyone around him was there to read or buy books. How inconsiderate.
The five of them entered the ground floor lift, and Alistair started pushing buttons on the console. The lift did nothing, apart from beep in objection to being told to go to every floor in the building simultaneously.
“What’s wrong?” Andy whispered hoarsely in his ear.
“Erm, they must have changed the codes or something.”
“What do you mean, changed the codes? If we can’t get down there, we can’t continue. And the longer we stay in here, the more chance we have of being caught out.” Alistair felt one of the tree trunks breathing down his neck.
“What do you suggest I do? Ring them up, say ‘I’m sorry, I’ve forgotten the code, could you just tell me what it is?’ I don’t think so, do you? Tell you what, why don’t we go to a different floor while I try and remember?”
Andy pushed the button for the fifth floor, the doors closed and the lift headed smoothly upwards to the travel section. Alistair was so worried about the code that he didn’t even make his usual complaint about the quality of the tinny music that accompanied their trip.
“Hang on, what did you mean, ring them up? Are you telling me you have their number?”
“Sure, it’s in my pocket somewhere.” Alistair rummaged around in his pockets. “Here we go.” Alistair retrieved the crumpled envelope from his inside pocket. The lift bonged, just as he removed the paperwork from inside. They stepped out of the lift, and the tree trunks milled around, trying to look interested in the prospect of a trip to see the pyramids, or a painting holiday in the south of France.
“Here we go. Oh hang on, that’s not a telephone number.” Andy took the piece of paper from him.
“Come on you lot. In the lift, now. Alistair you dope. This must be the code for the lift.”
Andy herded everyone in, and initially hit the code for the ground floor.
“We’ll go back to the ground floor, then put the code in from there. You did go from the ground floor didn’t you?”
“Yes.” Alistair was feeling really stupid. He started to apologise to Andy for not thinking of it earlier.
“Well, never mind. I just hope for all our sakes that we haven’t given ourselves away.”
Another bong announced their arrival at the ground floor, and Andy started punching the eight digit number into the control panel before anyone had a chance to get in the lift with them. The lift issued a long beep, closing the doors and dropped.
“Alistair, for goodness sake calm down, I can hear your heart beat from here.”
Alistair took deep breaths, closing his eyes to try and compose himself. 
A few seconds later, they arrived in the dark grey corridors of the voyeur club. Alistair heard the doors open. He opened his eyes, just in time to see half a dozen thick set men dashing towards them.

Outside the Solo Centre Anna and Janice sat waiting, watching for any movement. The others had gone closer, hoping to get into the centre when the security guards exited. That was of course assuming they took the bait. 
“What do you think they intend to do? You don’t think they would blow it up do you?”
“I wouldn’t have thought so,” replied Janice. “I’m not sure either side here is particularly bloodthirsty, and they would both suffer badly from the aftermath. After all, look at how this all started, the Star of the East and all that, how the potential for mass murder led to the original revolt. Surely they will have learnt their lesson from that.”
“I suppose. It would be a very low victory for our guys.”
“Our guys?” Janice asked. “Since when have we been part of their gang? Don’t get me wrong, I’d rather be on their side. But we are still being used, Anna. While we are useful we are valued, after that, who knows? I mean, they seem very nice…”
Anna shushed her, dragging her back behind the car. Hearing footsteps scraping round the corner, they saw three dark objects, easing themselves out into the street. Looking around, one of them waved his two companions in different directions. Meanwhile he headed straight ahead, clearly planning to check out the solitary parked car. Suddenly three more objects emerged from behind the wall, creeping up on each of the others in turn. Janice watched with horror the first strike, a blow to the back of the head that left the recipient crumpled on the floor. The other two were soon despatched in a similar way, although it took the full force of all three attackers to dispatch the final security guard. All this was done in near complete silence, an impressive demonstration of how well trained the Wannabe’s security staff were. Unfortunately all this training was for naught as the carefully guarded tranquillity was shattered a few seconds later by the screeching of tyres, as an old Land Rover flew round the corner on two wheels. Steve dragged two of the three guards out into the road as the four-wheel drive skidded to a halt and unloaded its cargo of heavies onto the roadway. The three security guards were bundled inside, along with a fourth who had been discovered hiding behind a wheely-bin. The heavies followed them and the whole ensemble lurched off back in the direction in which it came.
Anna and Janice looked on with open mouths. The whole event had taken less than half a minute, and now all was silent once again. Steve waved them over, and they ran, crouched down and waving their arms around as if trying to avoid low flying bats. Steve was briefing his team as they arrived at his side, pushing themselves against the walls.
“We’ve found the way in, but we’re not sure how much security is left inside. Stay close by and do exactly as I say. Remember, what we are looking for is the patients, try to do as little damage as possible and get them out safely.”
“Sorry, if I understand you correctly you plan to abduct the residents?” Anna felt uplifted. What a fantastic idea. The ultimate kick in the teeth for the producers, following Carly’s escape earlier in the day.
“Exactly right. If we can get hold of a couple of their top people then all the better, but I’d guess they’re all tucked up tight in bed right now.” Steve pointed down the dark alley. “There’s a back door in there, Henry here stuck an old shoe in it as the security guards emerged so that’s how we’re going in.”
“What are we waiting for then?” Anna was buzzing.
“Bill here did a quick reccie and as we suspected they have internal security cameras and infra-red sensors in the camera runs, which we need to disable first.”
“How do we do that?”
“We don’t. That’s going to be down to Andy’s team. I just hope Alistair managed to get them into Peterson’s club.”

Alistair was at that point too busy hyperventilating to worry about the infra-red sensors at the Solo Centre.
“Alistair, calm down. You’re starting to draw attention to us.”
“I … can’t … help … it…” he stammered. “I … thought … the … game … was … up.”
It had indeed been a close run thing. The six security guards had stood for a few seconds, engaged in a staring competition with the tree trunks, who were flexing their muscles in preparation for the prospective skirmish. Finally the largest, and most alert of the guards spoke, his gruff voice exuded authority.
“Get out of the lift. Now.”
Alistair and his companions had then edged their way out, stepping sideways to maintain a good view of their aggressors. As space became available in the lift car, Alistair was surprised when the guards filed into it one by one, pushed a few buttons and had disappeared up into the store.
It was then Alistair had realised he’d been holding his breath the whole time, and started taking in huge gulps.
“Look Alistair, there’s nothing to worry about. The diversion must have been a success, that’s where those guards were going. I suspect though they’re not going to be gone for long. Any ideas how many guards are likely to be left?”
Alistair drew a few shallow breaths.
“I only saw four or five here earlier. Of course I couldn’t be certain, most of the people down here seem pretty unsavoury to me.”
“I know what you mean. Well, if you’re correct then there can’t be that many more down here. Let’s get going. We’ll skip the lurking around bit, head straight for the control centre. I just hope we’ve got the map right.” Andy put one finger up to his ear, a look of unerring concentration on his face. Lifting his cuff close to his mouth he whispered a response.
“Control, please confirm, the signal down here is terrible. Did you say that the entrance to Solo is secure, over?” He paused for a response. “Acknowledged. You’ll know when we have taken over, control, over, and out.”
Despite his grave misgivings, Alistair found himself smiling.
“What?” said Andy.
“Nothing. Just, well, ‘taken over, control, over and out.’”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever. Come on, get us through that door and inside. When you’ve done that, you can grin all you like.”
Alistair didn’t feel like grinning anymore. He led the small team up to the grey panelled door, and stated the password clearly into the voice recognition unit. The door clicked, opening in front of him.
“Well done. Stay close, we don’t want to lose you now. And believe me, you’re safer with us than on your own.”
“Oh I believe you. But bear in mind I’ve paid to be here. It’s you guys who really need to worry.”

George was watching the CCTV feeds carefully. He could see Carly getting tired, as the technicians struggled to keep the two feeds synchronised. The Peterson feed still looked pretty good, mostly due to the fact that there were other people around to cover up any small discrepancies.
“George, we have a problem.” Dave called him over to the console. “I don’t think we’ll be able to maintain this for much longer.”
“Why not?”
“Our information implies that the short we put in the repeater has been located. By my estimation we have two minutes tops before they get it up and running again.”
“George clutched at his radio. “Joshua, come in. We’ve not got much time left with this diversion. Over.”
The radio crackled to life. “Yes George, I was listening. Just keep it going for as long as possible. Andy’s team are in the club right now, and as soon as they get into the control room we won’t need the diversion anymore. Out.”
“Okay guys, you heard the man. Just a few more minutes, then we’re clear. Keep it real.”
‘Keep it real?’ thought Carly. Easy for him to say. He hadn’t been trudging up and down for the last hour and a half.

Andy and Alistair huddled in a corner, whilst the others explored the various rooms. It was much quieter than it had been earlier that day, which made life a little difficult whilst trying to blend in. Those who were present were involved in heated discussions revolving around Carly’s escape. Alistair shuddered, as he heard what the voyeurs claimed they would do if they ever caught up with ‘the scumbags who helped her to get out’. He fingered the fake moustache that had been carefully glued onto his day old stubble, hoping that along with the intricate make-up it would render him unrecognisable.
“Our best guess from the information you gave us is that the Boss’s office is part of the control complex. You said there was a second door?”
“Yes, in the back wall.”
“Okay, so we start there. I’ll gather the guys together, you find the door into his office.”
Alistair edged down the corridor, trying to remember which of the anonymous doors he had been ushered through. Eventually he ended up going to the end of the corridor near the emergency door, and working his way backwards. Assuming he was thinking a little more clearly on the way out, Alistair made his best guess, just as Andy returned. A few of the clubs members were watching them intently.
“We’re starting to attract attention. Let’s get this done, quickly.”
Andy took the lead, holding one hand behind his back as they stood in front of the office door, silently counting on his stubby fingers. On three they burst through into the empty office, just as six security guards burst through the main door and headed directly for them.
Andy ran through to the back of the office, and with one kick burst through it into a corridor beyond. The others pushed through behind him, slamming the splintered door. At the end of the corridor was a far more sturdy door, with a numeric coded panel next to it.
“You three, hold the door closed. Alistair, come and help me with the next door.”
The pair examined the code lock, pushing against the door on the off chance it was open. For once they were out of luck. Alistair started pushing buttons at random.
“Come on, come on. Get us through. We don’t have time to arse around.” Andy urged.
“I don’t know the code. I can’t even tell you how long it is. Could be four, six, even eight digits.” Alistair looked at Andy, who was staring at the floor. In the background the three thugs were struggling to hold the door closed, the guards behind it squealing as they got fingers, hands, legs and other appendages slammed in the door. One of them was heard to call out “Damn it, I’ve got a splinter now.” The assault on the door was suspended momentarily, presumably so the guards could issue a minor physical rebuke, then the pounding started all over again.
“Get out of the way,” Andy said, reaching into his pocket.
“You’re going to shoot it open? Are you sure that’s wise?”
“Don’t be daft.” Andy took out his glasses case, and placed a pair of wire framed glasses on the end of his nose. He approached the panel, punched in the six digit code and the door clicked open.
“How the hell…”
Andy pointed at the corner of the floor, where a six digit code was scratched into the tiles.
“Bunch of amateurs. They might as well have a doormat with the key underneath. Come on you lot, now!”
With one last heave they jammed the door in the frame against the beading, and made a dash for the security door. They pushed through it in one huge mass, steam rolling a couple of technicians in the process. Slamming the door behind them, Andy produced a screwdriver from inside his overcoat, and shoved it through the plasterboard wall into the control panel beyond. The wall crackled and fizzed as the locks closed. He turned to address the four technical staff who remained standing within the control room.
“Right, now listen up. If you use your fingers to do as you are told, you can keep them. If not, I don’t see any point you having them, and Earl here will take great pleasure in removing them. Understood?”
Earl locked his hands together theatrically, cracking his knuckles. It was a blatant piece of showmanship, but it had the desired effect. The four technicians nodded.
“Good. Now, you two go stand in that corner. You two, I want you to explain to me the controls for the security systems at the Solo Centre.” By now Earl was growling, ensuring total co-operation. Andy went to work, just as the beating on the door started.

They crept into the Solo Centre through a scruffy looking back door. As they worked their way slowly through the camera runs Anna began to recognise various pieces of equipment she had noticed at the Star of the East. She wondered why she hadn’t realised sooner that there was more to the hospital than first met the eye. She had lived there for goodness sake, and hadn’t worked out that it was really more a television studio than it was a hospital. Of course in her defence it was the last thing she would have expected to find. Embezzlement, that wouldn’t have surprised her. Violent abuse, that was almost certain given the character of some of the porters. Falsified expense claims, bribery, these were all possible, feasible, as far as Anna was concerned. But a television studio?
She remained distracted by her thoughts until she barged into Steve’s back as he stopped to peer down a side corridor. He barely stumbled but Anna’s feet slipped on the polished floor and she fell hard on her backside. As she landed she let out a short yelp of pain. Instantly everyone except Anna and Janice squeezed themselves tightly against the wall. Steve reached down and dragged Anna to her feet, still whimpering. Janice was pulled hard into the wall as the sound of running footsteps approached.
“Quick, down here. Hurry.” Steve whispered, stepping out a little and gesturing them down the dark corridor. They scrambled around in the dark, treading on a wide variety of squeaky, crunchy and crackly things until finally they found a snug alcove to hide in. It was tight, but they managed to cram in just in time to avoid the sweep of a powerful torch, it’s beam searching out the dark corners.
“Nothing, came a gruff whispered voice. “Must be those damn rats again. We really will have to stop the camera operators from eating pasties and crisps down here you know. Come on, my tea’s getting cold.”
“You and your tea. You’re obsessed man.” The double bleep of a digital radio echoed through the corridor.
“Gallery, this is Ray. All clear on the bedroom runs. Must have been the rats. Over.”
Anna couldn’t quite make out the reply, but the footsteps gradually got quieter as the two men moved away. The six of them stayed huddled in their temporary hideaway for a few more minutes until they were sure it was safe.
“These are the bedroom camera runs then.” Steve whispered, more to himself than anyone else. “Couldn’t be better.” He dug around in his pocket and toyed with his radio handset.
“Andy come in. This is Steve. Are you receiving me? Andy?”

Andy was busy helping his men to hold the door closed. He could hear Steve’s crackled calls, but was powerless to do anything about them.
“This is getting harder to hold, what’s going on out there? They must have called for re-enforcement.”
Alistair climbed onto the back of one the heavies and crawled over to the spyhole in the door. He peered through trying to get a picture of the corridor beyond.
“It looks like they’ve got the punters from the club helping them. There’s more arriving all the time.”
Andy adjusted his position to try and get more leverage. The door bounced open a fraction and a hand managed to slip through. Andy tried to push it away but was only successful after stabbing it in the palm with the screwdriver he retrieved from the wall.
“There’s too many of them, we need to find a way to balance things up.” He shouted at the terrified technicians. “Does this place have a sprinkler system?”
“No, not that I know of,” one of them stammered. “Too much electrical equipment. We used to have a halon system but it was a little dangerous due to the fact that anyone inside the rooms would suffocate within thirty seconds of it going off. We looked at a foam solution but…”
“Oh, shut up! For goodness sake. All I wanted was a yes or no answer.  Is there a sprinkler system or not?”
“No.”
“Okay, that’s out then.”
A thought occurred to Alistair. “I have an idea, but I’m not sure it would work.”
“Shoot, I’ll take anything right now.”
“Can we get Carly back on the broadcast?”
“I should think so, we just need to call George. Why?”
“Well I figured we could patch a performance through from here to the large screens in the viewing rooms. At the least it should distract the punters, at best a few of the security guards. Might buy us some time.”
Andy thought this over for a moment.
“Alistair, I’ve underestimated you. That’s actually quite a good idea, considering. Okay, call George.” He gestured to the phone on the desk, and called out the number as Alistair dialled.

George scrambled over to his phone. It wasn’t a number he recognised, but he answered it anyway in his best telephone answering voice.
“Good morning, George Trenmill.”
“George, this is Alistair.”
“Alistair? Where did you get this number?”
“Never mind that now. Is Carly able to put in another showing for us? Something really flashy, attention grabbing?”
“She could be, I suppose.” He gestured for Carly, who was just on her way out for a well-deserved gin and tonic, to come back into the studio. “What’s the problem?”
“We’re trapped in the control room at Peterson’s club, and there’s a lynch mob outside baying for blood. I think Steve needs help at Solo but we’re all too busy trying to keep the door closed.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Great. Andy says to patch it back through the security feeds, he’s sure our friendly technician over here can distribute it to the large monitors.”
In the background George could hear Andy shouting for help, and then Alistair hung up.
“Carly, sweetheart. We need you to put on a little show for us. Doesn’t have to be polished, but it has to be attention grabbing. Can you manage that?”
“I think I may be able to,” Carly said. She tore off the bulky overcoat, followed by her sweater. Using the treadmill as an improvised stage, she stood in front of George wearing nothing but a short skirt and a sports bra.
“Do you think this might do the trick?”
The production crew opened their mouths, but not one sound came out.

As the security screen in the clubs control centre sprang into life, Andy called out to one of the technicians.
“Okay, patch that through to all the viewing suites you can, and any other monitors you have.”
The picture of Carly gyrating sprang onto all the screens in the room as the security feed was distributed around the building. The effect was instant. The banging stopped and the pushing from behind the door was reduced to a half-hearted shove. Which was probably a good thing, since Alistair was now next to useless, gazing stupidly at the banks of monitors.
“Alistair. Alistair. ALISTAIR!”
“What?”
“Come and take over from me here.”
Alistair slotted himself in between the others and braced his back hard against the door. Andy reached into his inside pocket for his phone, checking how strong the signal was. As predicted there wasn’t one. He delved around in another pocket, found his radio pack and connected it to his headset.
“Steve, this is Andy, come in, over.” The radio crackled and buzzed, he could just make out a few words but nothing he could string together into a recognisable sentence.
“Steve, please repeat. You’re breaking up, over.” This time just static.
“Damn it, I don’t believe this.” He rotated a secondary control on the handset.
“Central control, this is Andy. I’m having problems reaching Steve, the signal is terrible down here, over.” Instantly a clear voice came back in reply.
“Andy, this is central control. Our radio boosters aren’t back on line yet, but I should be able to patch you through from here. Stand by.”
“How are you guys doing over there?” he called out to the others, still holding the door. They grunted in reply, as a crashing sound filled the room.
“The door is splintering, they must have found something really heavy to use out there.”
“Andy, this is Steve, over.”
He grabbed at the radio.
“Steve, at last. What do you need?”
“Are you in the control room?”
“Yes, but not for much longer.” Andy looked anxiously at the door as the pine veneer surface began to buckle.
“I need you to unlock the emergency exits for the bedrooms at the Solo Centre. We have access, but the doors are all on a magnetic security lock that we cannot bypass from our current position.”
“I’ll see what I can do. Stand by.” Andy turned to the technicians. “You heard the man, unlock the doors.”
“At the Solo Centre? What exactly are you people planning?”
“Never mind that,” Andy growled. “Are you going to unlock the doors, or do I have to unlock your arms and legs from the rest of your body?”
“Fine, I’ll do it. No skin off my nose, I’m out of a job already.” The technician continued to mutter to himself as he typed commands into his console, Andy looking over his shoulder. He would have no idea whether the commands were to release the doors or to call for more security, but Andy figured that the technician didn’t know that, and that he would be too scared to try anything risky. He was right.
“There, all the emergency exits are unlocked. Can I go now? I don’t want to be here when that door breaks.”
“No, you stay put. We may need you yet.” The two technicians pouted and stared at their feet. Andy felt momentarily sorry for them. “But I promise, if you want, we can take you with us. We can always do with more technicians at the compound.” He lifted his radio from the console.
“Steve, this is Andy. You should be good to go.”
“Thanks Andy, we’re already in. Good luck.”
“And to you. Over and out.”
Andy tipped the two technicians out of their chairs, and jammed them up against the door. The others dragged over a pair of fully loaded equipment racks shoving them up against the door.
“Okay you two, there’s a back entrance presumably?”
“Sure, it’s this way. Follow me.”
The technician led them out through an access door in the back of the control room. They all squeezed up a tight stairway.
“This leads up to a staff entrance doorway which exits on the ground floor. Once there we’ll need to get past the security guards, but they’re just a pair of doddery old fools so it won’t be too tricky.” The technician stopped on the stairway causing a concertina effect as everyone crashed into the back of the person in front. Andy, who was last in the line swore as he slipped off the step, twisting his ankle.
“What the hell is wrong now?”
“Well it’s like this. How do I know you are serious, about the two of us being looked after, like you said? I mean, we could get you out, just to be conveniently run over or something.”
“You cheeky bugger. Firstly, I can’t prove anything while standing on a dark stairway. Secondly, what choice do you have? Thirdly, if you don’t get a bloody move on then none of us is going to survive this intact, let alone you.”
“Point taken,” the technician muttered, and started climbing the stairs. Further down Andy could hear the banging and crashing of steel toecaps on bare wooden stairs. He hit the fast dial on his phone.

Carly was dancing her heart out. George had helpfully managed to find an old compilation CD kicking around and was playing it through the studio sound system.
George’s phone rang, only just noticeable above the sound of the music.
“Hello?” he shouted.
“George, we’re on our way out. The van’s not far away, but then these guys aren’t going to be too far behind us. Where do you suggest we go?”
George signalled to the sound engineer to cut the sound. Carly stepped off the treadmill, collapsing in a heap on the floor. One of the floor managers helped her out of the room.
“Andy, we may need you out there still. Just drive back the long way, but if they’re watching you don’t come back here, under any circumstances.”
“Okay George. I’ll keep in touch.”

Part Eight – Capture, Good and Bad

The door clicked gently, as they crept into the pitch-black room. One of the team remained out in the corridor, wielding a head torch and a pair of wire cutters. He clipped into a piece of co-axial cable, expertly threading the stripped ends into a small anonymous black box that he produced from his pocket. When he was satisfied he snipped right through the feed, sending the static image up to the gallery. From another pocket he produced a small wireless video monitor, with a roller ball attachment on one side. Checking the picture, he followed the others into the room.
Tapping Steve on the arm, he handed the monitor to him and whispered in his ear. “Straight into the infra red feed. You can see everything.”
“Great work. Okay there are four beds occupied. Janice, you take this one first.”
“Me?”
“Yes you, and keep the noise down. Take these with you, they contain a mild sedative.” He handed her two handkerchiefs. “When you’re done with this one, go onto the one next to her. Anna, can you handle the other two?”
“Just about.”
“Okay. Put them under then the guys and I will move them out.”
“Now hold on just one minute,” Janice hissed at him. “You want me to dope these people? What for?”
“So we can kidnap them, and take them back to the compound where they’ll be chopped up and turned into animal feed.”
Janice scowled at him.
“Okay, okay. We’re going to take them back to the compound and brief them on exactly what has been going on here for the last four years. Then if they are in agreement, we would like their help, and Anna’s, to blow the whole voyeur club organisation out into the open. Now, if it’s alright with you, please just go and put our future stars lights out.”
Janice stared at him for a moment, then turned and headed out into the room, feeling around in front of her for the first bed.

They burst out of the staff entrance and headed across the store. As predicted the two security guards were standing either side of the store entrance. The eight of them passed through the enormous store briskly, but not so fast as to attract attention to themselves. One of the guards was consulting his clipboard in a perfectly normal jobsworth like manner. At the doorway, Andy, his three henchmen and the two technicians passed unchallenged. Once out the door they made a break for the van. As Alistair was passing through, the door to the stairwell burst open and a stream of angry security guards burst through. Alistair made a run for it but his path was blocked by the store security guards.
“Excuse me one moment sir.”
“Er, yes, how can I help you?”
“Were you in this store earlier on today?”
Alistair was in two minds how to answer this. Was the store security part of the force that maintained the voyeur club, three floors below? The guard continued, as the lynch mob approached from the other side of the store. He was also surprised they had identified him, since he thought his disguise was very convincing.
“It’s just that we have your image here on our paperwork, our CCTV is very good at seeing past even the most carefully disguised shop lifter. It seems you picked up a book right here on the ground floor, then left the store without paying for it.”
Alistair laughed with relief.
“Oh yes. I can explain that, er, officer. You see, I had it with me, and I, well, I went to a different floor, and then, well, I sort of left the building by another door and it slipped my mind.”
“The security guard smiled coldly.
“Oh, well, that’s alright then. Because Fred here thought you had probably just nicked it, but now I see you have a plausible explanation.”
Alistair fished around in his pocket.
“The book price was thirty pounds. Here, that’s a fifty pound note. I hope that clears everything up.”
Alistair pushed against the guard, but he could not get past. He was fast running out of time.
“Well sir, you see it would, but I was led to believe the book was actually eighty pounds.” He grinned slyly. “A ton should cover it though.”
“A hundred quid? You’ve got to be kidding!”
“The only alternative is a trip to see the manager. Fred, call for backup will you?”
“Alright.” Alistair fished into his pocket again. “Ninety pounds, it’s all I’ve got. Unless you take American Express?”
“That will do nicely, Sir. Have a good evening.”
Alistair ran for the car, which was already parked outside, engine running. But the voyeur club staff had a speed advantage and he was knocked off his feet before he reached it. He had hit the deck hard, but managed to lift his head long enough to see the car speed off into the distance. Alistair called after it, even though it was clear they had no intention of waiting for him. Without a word he was dragged to his feet and hurled into a parked van.

Steve slapped the half-naked girl gently around the face.
“Take this one first, wrap her up in a blanket, we don’t want her catching a chill now after all this trouble.”
He checked each of the others in turn.
“They’re all out cold, good work Janice, Anna. Now let’s get them out of here.”
They each grabbed an arm or a leg wherever they could, and dragged the collection of comatose bodies out into the camera run. Closing the door carefully behind them, they re-engaged the lock and started back out to the emergency exit. The tunnels were quiet, and they made it easily to the back door. Steve stopped and waved them to a halt.
“We won’t have long once this door is open. There should be a minibus outside right now. Get everyone into it as fast as you can. Bill, you’re coming with me in the Voyager. Janice and Anna you go in the bus. I want you to look after these four on the journey. Can you do that for me?”
“Of course we can.” Janice replied calmly. Anna just nodded, her face pale, as though all her blood had rushed to her feet. “Now can we just get out of here?”
Steve slammed through the exit door out into the dusky morning sky. They must have looked a strange ragged sight as they staggered across to the waiting bus, dragging four unconscious, half naked ex-celebrities behind them. Luckily although there were a few more people around than earlier, they seemed more interested in securing a fresh cardboard box in which to spend the following night.
Steve ran backwards, watching for the approaching security guards. He could hear them, crashing and banging through the dark corridors, cursing as they fell over the piles of equipment he had thoughtfully moved into the centre of the aisle.
The car was loaded quickly and silently, and screeched off into the distance. Steve and Bill ran for the Voyager in a hail of bullets. As they rounded the far side of the vehicle Steve was hit in the leg by a bullet which ricocheted off the front wing. He fell but rolled to his feet, the adrenaline spurring him on. Bill was already in the driving seat, and Steve dived through the shattered back window as the car sped off up the road. Orange sparks flew as the bullets sprang off the tailgate. Soon they were out of range, and heading back into the city. Steve sat facing the rear window, holding his injured thigh to try and stem the flow of blood.

“George, we have a serious problem.” Andy dabbed at the blood seeping into his shirt sleeve, where he had gouged his arm on the splintered edge of the door.
“What’s the problem? We’re tracking you and it doesn’t appear anyone is following you.”
“They have Alistair.”
“What? Andy, how could you allow this to happen? He knows exactly where our location is. You have to go back for him.”
“What do you mean ‘how could I allow this to happen?’ There were about forty of them chasing us George. Even I’m not prepared to go up against those odds.” Andy gasped as he applied pressure to the gash he had uncovered in his arm.
“What you should have done is keep him in the middle, used one of our guys to follow up the rear. They can tolerate anything those nosebags could throw at them, but Alistair will probably tell them just to save his own skin.”
“Well I’m open to suggestions, but I have to tell you I’m injured, not badly, but enough that it hurts like hell. Earl has a splinter the size of a scaffold plank in his head. I really don’t think we can take them without more back up. Besides, from what I could tell they threw him into a van, so it seems they’ll probably move him anyway.”
“Where to?”
“How should I know? We have two of their technicians here, I’ll see what they can tell me.”
“Well, Steve and his team are just leaving the Solo Centre. Just get yourselves back here as soon as possible. We’ll deal with Alistair later.”
Andy threw his phone into the corner of the car.
“Damn that cheeky bastard.” Andy put on a high pitch whining voice, which was more to accentuate his mood than it was an accurate impersonation of George. “How could you allow this to happen. Ner ner ner.” He took a deep breath and leant into the front of the car.
“Back to the compound, double speed. Mustn’t keep Mr Trenmill waiting must we?”

Back in the bus Anna listened carefully as the driver updated the team at the compound. In return they were fed the information from the other teams. When it came to the news about Alistair, Janice just stared at her feet.
“You care for him a lot, don’t you?” Anna asked her.
“What makes you think that? I don’t know him that well. Never seems to open up to anyone, even his mother.”
“Are you sure that’s not what you like most about him? I imagine he might say the same things about you.”
Janice turned and looked carefully at Anna.
“Well, I suppose you’re right. Should know better than to try and hide things from someone who has spent as much time around shrinks as you have.” Janice clambered into the front of the cab.
“What do they think will happen to Alistair?” she asked the driver.
“They’ll no doubt interrogate him. It’s what I’d do, in their position. Of course he can’t tell them much, he doesn’t really know anything. Except the location of our production facility and that could be a real problem.”
“Well why doesn’t someone get re-enforcements and go after him?”
“It’s not that simple. After all, we have no idea where they are taking him. We can assume they need to go somewhere with suitable equipment, like electric shock boxes and white noise rooms, but they could be anywhere.”
“What about that tracker thing you put in each of us? Can’t we use that?”
“It’s designed for low range use, there’s nothing out here that is likely to pick up those signals.”
“Well that’s pretty useless then.”
“No, just not what it’s designed for.”
Janice sat in silence.
“I know where they’ll take him,” said Anna in a quiet voice.
“You do? Where?”
“It’s obvious. The Star of the East. They have all the equipment they need there, in the treatment rooms.”
“Actually that makes real sense,” said the driver. “The site has already been compromised, so there’s no additional risk in exposing it still further. I’m surprised it isn’t at the bottom of the Thames by now, to be honest.”
He picked up the radio handset, as Janice climbed over the seats to check on the four sleeping occupants.

Part Nine - Rescue

The three people carriers rolled up at the dockside in near silence. The rough sleepers were packing up the blankets and cardboard homes, stashing them away for another night. Joshua and Carly emerged with a gang of four more tough looking guys from the lead car. The people in the other cars followed suit.
A fourth battered Voyager with no windows drew up next to them.
“Did a nice job on the car, Steve.”
Steve limped out of the passenger door.
“Did a better job on my leg.”
“Well your leg will heal, I don’t think the car will.”
“Thanks for the sympathy.”
They gazed out across the water at the pastel hull of the floating hospital.
“How in the world we’re going to pull this one off I don’t know,” complained Andy, approaching from behind. “Broad daylight, too. George, you’re insane. Why don’t we just wait until nightfall?”
“We don’t have the time to wait until nightfall, especially since you just happened to explain the whole scam to Alistair in the control room at Peterson’s. They’re setting up the video feeds now for live broadcast just as the seven o’clock news goes out, but they need to wake the stars of the show first. We need to buy us some time. And besides, we promised to look after Alistair, so it’s our duty to get him back.”
“He knew what he was getting into.”
“Well, if the time comes I’m sure you’ll be the one to volunteer to tell his mother.”
Andy said nothing.
“So, here’s the plan. We’re unlikely to be able to take them by surprise, so it’s all out assault time. Anna tells us that the electronic systems on the doors are maintained by an external company so if we’re lucky, they won’t have got round to changing them yet, which means Anna can get us inside. Once inside, we use the tracker to locate Alistair, create a diversion, fight our way in, get him, fight our way out, head back into the city and attempt to lose them in the early morning traffic.”
“Sounds simple. Why not make it more interesting and do it with one hand tied behind our backs?” Janice asked sarcastically. “Or in pairs with our legs tied together, like a three legged race? And we could video it as we go along, just for posterity.” Joshua ignored her.
“Carly, I’m afraid we want to use you as a diversion again. Only this time, you’ll have Earl to watch your back. We’re assuming that having removed most of the cameras it will be much more difficult to attract their attention this time, so in the boot of the car are some fireworks. I want you to launch them straight at the ship from the end of that pier down there. That should wake them up.”
“Fireworks?” whined Andy.
Joshua ignored him.
“Fireworks?” asked Bill.
“It was all I could find at such short notice. They’re expensive ones, mind. Besides, think of the surprise factor.”
“What about the rest of us?” asked Janice.
“Well, we just run onto the ship from the stern, hoping that they’re all watching the fireworks.”
“Good plan.” Said Andy. “How many weeks did it take to think that one up?”
Joshua ignored him.
“Is everybody clear? Then let’s go. We have thirty minutes until the broadcast, and I’d rather not be on that ship when it goes out.”

Earl and Carly lit the touch paper on the first of the huge rockets. They ran for cover as it fizzed and sputtered in the damp air, before shooting off at an angle, straight over the bow of the ship.
“Oooh, ahhh,” mumbled Carly. They moved forward and Carly lit the next one as Earl carefully adjusted the angle.
“You look like you’ve done that before,” Carly said.
Earl puffed out his chest. “Seventeen years in the Royal Signals, love. Ten of those in bomb disposal.”
“Wow. A soldier. I love a man in uniform.” Carly grinned at him, then ran as the flame took hold on the touch cord.
The second rocket swung low over the bow of the ship, clipping the railings on the far side and falling into a pile of abandoned tarpaulins. As Carly and Earl set the next rocket they could see flames flickering at the front of the boat.
As the third rocket hit the deck there was a muted explosion, and the tarpaulins flew over the side of the ship, driven upwards by a barrel shaped ball of fire.
“Fuel canisters. Tut tut.” Said Earl. “Should have stored those below decks.” They giggled as the deck filled with people wielding fire extinguishers and blankets, trying to get close to the remaining barrels. Each time they got close another one would fly erratically away, chasing them back into the cover of the bridge.

“Wow!” Joshua exclaimed. “Didn’t see that coming. Still never mind, let’s make the most of it. Come on you lot.”
They ran fast and low over the walkway onto the ship, Anna in the lead. Once on the deck Andy pulled out a directional tracker, and looked for Alistair’s trace signal.
“Why not do that as we go along?” suggested Anna. “I’ll take you in the direction of the treatment rooms. They’re on the next deck down.”
Peering through the dingy glass window, she tapped the code into the door, which clicked and swung open. They stepped swiftly over the threshold into the corridor beyond, pulling the door to after them.

As soon as the others were inside Carly and Earl crept back down the dock.
“Do you think they saw where the fireworks were launched from?” Carly asked.
“We’ll know soon enough. Let’s get back to the cars. At least then if anyone comes we can just run them over.”
Carly looked at him, surprised by his indifference to violence.
“Wouldn’t kill them mind, just injure them a little.”
“Well that’s alright then,” Carly muttered to herself, and made a run for the cars.

Back inside the ship things were going well. They met very little resistance on their way through the lower deck, and Anna even had time to release all the catches on the patient’s quarters as they moved past. Pushing a few of the doors open, she felt a moment of pity for the occupants, most of them either cowering in the corners or admiring themselves in the mirror.
As they turned the final corner Joshua ran slap-bang into the chest of an orderly, who took one look at them and then ran screaming in the opposite direction.
“Right, so that’s our cover blown,” Joshua sighed. “Let’s get this done, right now. Everyone meet back at the cars, last one out gets left behind.”
Two of the group chased the orderly down the corridor, as the rest of them ran after Anna. Andy was still struggling with the technology, and Joshua had to chivvy him along from behind. The tracker emitted a low beep and Andy looked up just in time to see one of the porters swing his night stick at the back of Joshua’s head.
“Look out!” He shouted. Fortunately Joshua didn’t ignore him this time, ducking down as the stick bounced heavily off the metal corridor panel, the shockwave forcing his attacker to drop it. Joshua swept his legs round behind him, catching the porters feet and pulling him down onto the floor. Andy picked up the stick and hit him smartly on the temple. The porter didn’t move again. Andy nudged him with his foot, and when he still didn’t move, Joshua took a piece of cord from his pocket and bound the porters’ hands and feet together. They dragged him into a small anteroom. Dumping him there they continued down the corridor in an attempt to catch up with the others.
They found them attempting to get into one of the treatment rooms. They looked through the frosted window and could just see an Alistair shaped lump slumped in a chair in the corner.
“How did you find him?” asked Joshua.
“Lucky guess. This was Andrew Ickworth’s treatment room, I always had a feeling that guy was up to something.”
Andy threw his tracker on the floor in disgust.
“Lot of use that was,” he grumbled. “What’s the point of having all this stuff if it’s too complicated to use?”
Everyone ignored him.
“So why are we standing out here, and not in there?” Joshua asked.
“My code doesn’t work on these doors,” Anna explained.
“Have they changed it?”
“No, I could never get in here before. I was only an administrator after all. I didn’t have codes to any of the rooms where drugs might be stored. It was considered too much of a risk.” She snorted. “Yeah, right.”
Joshua gestured to the others to help him, and between them they forced the door open at the bottom, with just enough of an angle that a well aimed kick cracked the door around the glass panel. They kicked at it until the lower part of the door collapsed inwards, allowing Janice to squeeze through.
Quickly she examined Alistair, slumped in the seat half conscious.
“He’s been drugged.” She shouted.
“What with? Can you wake him up?” asked Joshua. “We could do without having to carry him out. Could be difficult if we meet any trouble.”
Janice scrabbled around on the table, looking for an empty vial. Alistair was making gurgling noises.
“Got it.” Janice produced an empty vial, reading the contents label carefully. She began rummaging through the drawers. “Well, I think so anyway. Should be able to reverse the effects without too much trouble.”
Joshua could hear footfalls down the corridor.
“Can we hurry it up a little in there? We’ve got company out here.”
The first of the hospital staff rounded the corner at a pace, stopping momentarily when faced with the formidable wall of people which stood before him. He waited for the others to arrive, and for a while there was a tense stand-off. Meanwhile Janice was working steadily to wake Alistair up. She moved over nearer the door and whispered through to Joshua.
“He’s just coming round, I think if we can get him out in the fresh air he’ll wake up a little faster.”
Joshua whispered a few commands to his men, who tightened up to provide an impenetrable wall between them and the hospital staff, who were moving slowly forwards, sizing up their opponents. This took them a while, because their opponents were quite big. Then Joshua and Andy squeezed under the door and taking one arm each dragged Alistair out. He was muttering to himself, which would have been quite audible to everyone out in the corridor despite Janice’s attempts to cover his mouth. The realisation that Alistair was being moved spurred the hospital porters into action, and they charged the line of ex-bouncers, boxers and professional body-builders. The line held up, even after matron and a number of the doctors joined in, a writhing mass of screeching, yelling arms and legs, fists flying, legs flailing, blood being smeared up the walls. They were joined by a few of the rather more psychotic of the curious patients who had plucked up the courage to leave their rooms. The others were huddled against the walls, disorientated by the noise and thickening smoke which hung in the air.
The sound of an explosion rocked through the corridors, cracking the few remaining mirrored surfaces as the increase in air pressure found weaknesses in the structure of the ship. The lights flickered a few times then went out completely, plunging them into darkness until the emergency lighting system took over.
“Come on,” shouted Joshua. “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
“No argument here,” Andy cried.
“What about those guys?” Janice gestured to the rugby scrum line up, jammed between the walls so tightly that they were bulging outwards.
“Oh they’re just enjoying themselves. If you think that’s bad, you should see them during the production crew versus security rugby matches.”
With Alistair supported between Andy and Joshua, they headed up the corridor, leaving the melee behind them.
“Isn’t that a little unfair, production crew versus security?” Janice asked.
“Well we do allow the production team to play with twice the number of players. Never makes any difference mind you, the security team just whittles them slowly down until only five or six die-hard players are still standing. Then they start on the referees. It’s really quite entertaining.”
Janice and Anna took it in turns to wrench open the doors, clipping them back to give the remaining residents a fighting chance of escape. The others followed behind, roughly dragging the frightened patients to their feet along the way. A few protested at their rough treatment in the traditional ‘do you know who I am’ way that the self possessed express themselves. This soon turned to more productive ‘running from the paparazzi’ energy as the human wall which had until now protected them slowly collapsed under the sheer weight of the growing number of semi-conscious bodies pulling it down.
Alistair had woken a little and was instinctively running to keep in step. They were soon out of the main door and heading towards the walkway back to the dock.
The ship was listing badly, the starboard side high in the water, wrenching on the bolts holding the walkway in place and pulling on its frail mooring ropes. Behind them they could still make out the sound of fighting in the corridors, as panic stricken patients jostled with porters to get out before they were all burned alive.
Looking towards the bow they could see the forward walkway had collapsed completely, forcing the trapped staff to take their chances on surviving the dangerously high drop into the water below. The lucky ones had found some old lifejackets stashed in boxes around the deck, but most were hoping to secure one of the few round lifesavers which floated on the surface.
The five of them stood, listening to the sound of the retaining brackets on the walkway screeching under the stress.
“Do you think they will hold?” Andy asked Joshua.
“We haven’t a choice.” Joshua replied. “It’s certainly not going to get any better, so get a move on.” 
Andy took the lead, practically dragging Anna along the walkway behind him. The others stumbled trying to keep up, whilst Joshua took up the rear. With Alistair now supporting his own weight the one remaining guard they met on the way provided little resistance. In fact, faced with the sight of them approaching, and the acrid smoke pouring from every doorway of the ship, the guard was already half way over the rail before they reached him. Andy simply gave him a little push to help him on his way, watching him splash into the murky waters of the Thames. As they approached the dock one of the cars accelerated hard to meet them, Carly in the driving seat.
Accompanied by the sound of tearing bolts Andy and Anna burst on to the dock, as the far end of the walkway slipped from its supports on the stern of the ship. Alistair was close behind, pushed forwards by Janice, who turned just in time to see Joshua lose his grip on the handrail, sliding backwards as bits of the walkway disintegrated, falling into the river. Janice made a feeble grab for Joshua’s hand, making contact briefly, just long enough for Joshua to kick off against a support and throw his other arm upwards, grabbing Janice’s forearm.
“Help me, for God’s sake!” shouted Janice.
Alistair turned and headed back towards them, but Joshua’s weight pulled Janice away from him before he could reach her. Hanging on for his own life, he watched as the two of them slid down the ramp, Joshua’s head bouncing off the handrail supports before the two of them splashed into the murky waters below.
He was still watching as two pairs of hands lifted him onto the dockside. He brushed the hands away, knelt close to the edge and watched for any sign of Janice or Joshua rising to the surface.
Earl tried to lift him to his feet. “Come on Alistair, we can’t stay here.”
“I’m not going without her.” Alistair sounded strangely determined, something Earl wasn’t expecting.
“Now come on mate, we’ll drive downriver a bit and see if they come ashore.” Earl looked briefly over the edge at the choppy water as it hit the dockside. “I have to say though, I don’t know what we’ll find if they do.”
Alistair stared blankly at him. “I have to help her. You don’t understand.”
“Oh I think I do. She was a lovely woman, and I’d like to meet up with Joshua again one day too but we can’t stay here.”
“I think you’ll find that you’re not likely to have very far to go.” The two of them turned to look at the severe woman who was addressing them. She looked thoroughly collected, given the explosions and noise erupting all around them, and her two companions who were scrabbling with Carly on the ground as she bit and kicked them for all she was worth. Stood next to her was an awe inspiringly fat man.
“Let me introduce myself. I am Dame Peterson, I expect you have heard my name mentioned once or twice? And I’m sure you will know my companion, Mr Whale.”
James Whale smiled widely, a dribble of saliva running down his chin.
“Dame Peterson?” Alistair was impressed. He was kneeling in front of one of the centuries key entrepreneurs, the woman who had predicted the fall of the wannabe culture and manoeuvred herself into an ideal position by buying up enough bookshops to fill the largest shopping centre. “But what are you doing here?”
“I’m here to tidy up the mess my idiot boy has caused. You people have taken him on a merry ride these last years and although he is a complete imbecile he is still my son. I know all about Andrew’s silly little clubs. He couldn’t fool me when he was a child and I’m not so senile that he can pull the wool over my eyes now. It surprises me that these so called wannabes never worked out that he couldn’t possibly have kept all this under control without help from someone very high up indeed, much higher than Andrew could ever be. You see, it suits people like my friend James here to have an element of dissent in the community, someone to blame for the woes and trials faced by everyday people in this country. It takes their minds off the important things, allows parliament to deal with the issues without interference from the chattering classes. It is unfortunate that every now and then it gets a little unruly, but that is how things have come to be. Now, if you please, I’d like you to accompany myself and your little pit-bull here to my house in the country.” She stepped up close to Carly, now held firmly by the Dame’s two armed  bodyguards, and lifting her head looked carefully at her. “Can’t see what all the fuss is about myself.”
Carly spat at her, earning herself a rasping slap to the face. Earl stepped forwards only to see a gun levelled at his head, the Dame’s finger tight on the trigger as she sneered at the dishevelled group.
“My my, we are a happy bunch of young people aren’t we? I can see love in the air all over the place.” She span round on her heels, as if she was Mary Poppins.
“Oh great, this is just bloody great. What an arse of a day this has turned out to be.” Alistair was beside himself, marching on the spot, swinging his arms around his head. Dame Peterson’s bodyguards eyed him uneasily. The Dame simply smiled.
“When I got up at lunchtime yesterday, my life was a picture of happiness. Then I go to post a letter and buy myself some reading material for my evening coffee and I’m practically kidnapped then threatened, I fall in love, then I’m fleeced, threatened again along with my mother, followed, shut out of my workplace, find the girl of my dreams, have my nose broken, get chased down a stinking railway tunnel, I’m kidnapped again, taken to a secret underground chamber where some dopey tart tries to give me blood poisoning with a needle. Then, I’m coerced into returning to the scene of my earlier kidnap, where once again I’m chased, trapped, released, then kidnapped again, pumped full of drugs, interrogated and then rescued by a bunch of ex TV celebrities and a nurse. I fall out of love, fall in love again and now THIS!”
“Have you quite finished?” Even Dame Peterson was looking a little restless.
“No I have not! I’ve had my entire world turned upside down inside 24 hours and I’m not standing for it. You hear me? I won’t be led around by the balls any longer.”
With this last furious outburst, Alistair turned and running as fast as he could, launched himself off of the dock. Dame Peterson and one of her bodyguards ran to the edge, firing a hail of bullets rapidly into the water where Alistair had just a second or two ago plunged head first. But the strong outgoing tide carried him downstream, his head plunging in and out of the water making him a difficult target to hit. Earl took his opportunity to grab Anna as Carly scraped her heel down the shin of the remaining body guard and deftly turned, kneeing him spitefully in the groin.
Carrying Anna under one arm Earl ran to help her, his spare arm dispensing with the last of the bodyguard’s breath as he elbowed him in the chest. Even James Whale took a tumble as Earl, with uncharacteristic difficulty, barged him out of the way.  He threw Anna ungraciously into the empty people carrier, its engine still running from the earlier aborted quick exit. Meanwhile Carly hopped into the Dame’s Rolls Royce and with the shriek of shredding tyres headed off out into the evening traffic with Earl and Anna close behind. Dame Peterson’s bodyguard ran after them but was beaten back by the hail of stones as Earl span the rear wheels in the gravel.

The three of them searched the three to four miles downstream from the rapidly disintegrating Star of the East for over an hour. The evening traffic had lent them an easy getaway, the two cars merging easily into the flow of cars. Once they were sure they were safely away from immediate danger Carly had donated the Rolls to a beggar, who promised that he and his dog would take great care of it, since it was far better than the old buttons and foreign currency he was used to.
While Earl and Carly combed the shore for any sign of their three companions, Anna stared glumly back at what was left of her home, where the fire had spread to the centre of the ship. Black smoke billowed out of the smokestacks, as though the ship was about to simply break its moorings and cruise out to sea. Despite the distance she could still see the windows bursting, balls of flame rising until encompassed by the thick smoke which spiralled into the morning sky. Every now and then the wind conveyed the sound of wailing, mostly ex-patients crying but she could just make out one or two demanding that they be given the number of a good taxi firm.
By the time they returned to the compound, it was growing dark outside. Inside though there was a party atmosphere. They were greeted with shouts of delight and admiration, and though Earl did his best to gently move the revellers to one side it took them several minutes to get through the door to where George Trenmill was holding court. 
“Well what can I say? I can not thank the three of you enough. I’m afraid you must have missed the broadcast but why don’t you sit with me and watch the replay?”
The three of them silently fell into chairs surrounding a widescreen TV, where a kind faced lady was keenly but gently interviewing the escapees.
“But Mr Trenmill, what about Joshua? Aren’t you worried about him?”
“Someone call my name?” Joshua beamed as he and Janice forced their way through the assembled crowd.
“Janice!” Anna ran to her and hugged her a little too hard. “How did you get back here?”
“Janice and I stayed underwater for as long as we could.” Joshua interrupted. “Eventually we surfaced a few hundred metres downstream and crawled to shore. I used to do a lot of freediving so holding my breath for that long wasn’t too much of a problem, but I don’t know how Janice did it, she stayed down longer than I did!”
“You work in a hospital as long as I have and you soon learn how to hold your breath” Janice smiled. She looked around, surprised to see Alistair’s mother on the television, hugged Carly briefly and then asked the question everyone was hoping to avoid.
“Where’s Alistair?” she asked.
Anna led her to one side, relating quietly to her the details of Alistair’s outburst on the dock. The two of them held each other, tears streamed down Janice’s face. Carly approached gingerly, resting her head on Janice’s shoulder as all around them the party continued.
On the screen behind them, and on projected screens all around the partygoers, the interviews were interspersed with footage from the Star of the East, and many other hospitals and centres from all around the country. There were live images of people on the streets, staring into television rental shop windows, or listening to portable radios. A few were even leaning into stationary cars in order to hear the details, much to the chagrin of the occupants of the rear seats. Ella Smythe beamed as the fresh-looking wannabes enthusiastically explained how wonderful it was to be back out in the real world. She frowned as they described how they were treated, and scowled with righteous indignation as she revealed how these poor young people had become fodder for the twisted and demented minds of their captors.
The broadcast ended abruptly, as the TV and radio networks reluctantly pulled the plug, nervous of the impending retribution which would undoubtedly come when the initial shock of these revelations had settled. 
But the party continued in the compound, the mood darkened only by four women huddled in a corner, a group which now included Alistair’s mother. Though the surrounding crowd looked sympathetically on them, many of them wished they would just pull themselves together and get over it, so they could enjoy the party without having to feel guilty about the cost.

The end.
