Yours Truly
By M. C. Rogers
Copyright 2021 M. C. Rogers

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


 WARNING: CLASSIFIED PRESIDENTIAL
(Unlawful possession, punishable by death)
SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERROGATION
The following is an intercepted transmission, edited for historical relevance, references available in conclusion (not required for rudimentary comprehension).
Heaven and Hell: entities of unknown origin. Information on either age absent though text contends, both are significantly older and vastly advanced, Mankind. Estimating universal onset and planetary place in time, otherworld technologies invoke disturbing images. 
Werewolves and Vampires: species labeled Superior. Introduced on globe before Humanity, bred genetically perfect, designed with heightened abilities employing gene manipulation and natural selection. Males, commonly called Wolves, perform feats previously thought unattainable; strength, speed, and immune systems lacking upper limitation. Females, informally Vamps, appear lesser physically but possess unique ability; power to alter image and blend invisibly.
Hoard: Hell’s Champion.
Minion: Hoard’s underling.
Armageddon: concluding battle. Though outcome may prove beneficial, important to note; the world suffered a severe blow.
Beneath, characters of import mentioned throughout transcription.
Nathanial (Nat) Hallowed: Heavenly Monitor. No record of individual exists, except interpersonal contacts within governmental circles. All indicate, subject; Security Consultant to various law-enforcement agencies.
Johnny Johnson (aka Yang): view record. Previous information found insufficient, possibly fraudulent.
Yin: Alpha Wolf, Second Clan. Dominant twin of Yang, half-brother to step-sister siblings; Melissa and Merri-Li.
Melissa: Matriarch, Third Clan. 
Merri-Li: Matriarch, First Clan. 
LeTorque: Elder family, Third Clan, consisting of Johnny Johnson, Melissa, and two pair;
Vivian: Vampire, mated to George.
George: Alpha Wolf.
Trudy: Vampire, mated to Phillip.
Phillip: Alpha Wolf.
Daemon: see transcript.
Wesson: Post-Human, deemed irrelevant.
Location: unverified. Possibly a single room or holding-cell with two individuals, alone.
(Note: as instructed, opinions kept minimal and pauses indicated (…))
…

Prologue
Psst… listen up.
Huh?
Yes?
Did you say something?
Oh, sorry, just warming up the throat. You know, tuning instrument and all.
What?
I was talking to myself.
Could you do it later? We’ve got an inquiry to begin.
Sure.
Thank you. All right, this is the Embassy Ambassador and with us is Johnathon Johnson. At sunrise, defendant arrived at domicile-door pleading Sanctuary. Per protocol, an agreement reached on condition, submission to Confessional Interrogation. This is his Testimony… Johnny?
Yes, Nat?
We’ll start by verifying a few things, all right?
No problem.
Excellent. First, how do you feel?
Wonderful!
Good, those are the drugs talking.
I like what they’re saying!
For the record, defendant was administered five milligrams, Recallizol… Johnny?
Yeah?
What color am I?
You’re green.
Say otherwise.
Huh?
Tell me, I’m blue.
Okay, you’re… Yaagh!
Defendant exhibits proper reaction time. We shall now begin interrogation… Johnny?
Holy…!
Johnny.
Son of a…!
Johnny!
What?
The medication under administration detects falsehood, anything said must be entirely true. If you deceive or fabricate in any way, axons will fire and the pain resume. Resistance is pointless for it works at the neural level, under subconscious control.
Huh?
You’ve been given truth-serum. If you lie, you suffer.
Excuse me…?
You’ve been given…
What is wrong with you?
Sorry, but plea states, you’ll tell the truth, whole truth, and nothing more in exchange for Heaven’s help. We’ll honor our end of bargain and must ensure, you do the same.
But…?
If one can’t abide such stipulation, you’re free to leave, we won’t force compliance.
Really?
Yes, but the terms will then void and other means employed to end this game.
And by ‘other’ you mean?
We’ll incinerate the Earth.
…
(BREAK)

Introduction
Hello, this is Nathanial Hallowed, Heaven’s Guard, Universal Science Division, Experimental Research Department, Milky Way Galaxy, Solar-System Sol.
Per standing orders and with highest principles in mind we welcome and wish good will. The previous scene was confined in isolation and broadcast multi-sensory mode for those who wish a fuller, more tactile experience.
In time’s interest the interval-training method will be implemented for factual verification of testimony and proof, confessor authenticity. Thus, while defendant recovers, insights and observations provided for background material. 
Testifier’s title is Yang, who prefers the taken name, Johnny Johnson. He is a Cloak, individual blind to technology. We have yet to identify Nature’s anomaly but feel time will answer the question when appropriate. It appears his gift, a form of assimilation. When attempting location, sensors are deceived. He maintains ability to morph into surroundings, become one with scenery as it were. This, of course, would be worrisome if he possessed a threat of any kind. The fact, he lives, indicates, he does not.
Respondent is a member of the Superior sect, organisms born from Heavenly technology and identified by majority population as fables or fairy-tales. Unequaled in combat, possessing extreme savagery without burden of hesitation for mercy abhorred, ether given or received. Developing within Humanity’s presence, seen but overlooked, always around, never identified. Like wraiths, supernatural entities walking among lambs, unacknowledged yet revered. In lore, idols of worship. In truth, biological weapons of mass-destruction.
Over study’s span, subjects evolved, overcame obstacles, conquered territories, controlled economies. Employing monetary might, promoting policies designed to reward strong, exploit weak. In other words, corporate titans.
Superior social structure is built on the hierarchy, families ranked according to conflict and commercial success. Any who excel professionally are granted privilege to challenge for higher status. Wolves fight, Vamps conspire, and world runs according to plan, winner take all.
It is within this context, defendant resides. Johnny’s family members, both blended and genetic, are in contention for the crown. His brother, step-sisters, and adopted members of LeTorque possess all three Clans and therefore, the pyramid, ultimate pinnacle of power. They are a resource of infinite might, answer for evil intentions, and proper response to Hellion aggression.
…
Session 1: Miss-Steaks Declaration
Ready?
Uh-huh.
Okay, let’s begin once more. Now, as explained earlier, in exchange for Heavenly protection you’ll answer all questions honestly. Upon completion, a grant of Exoneration issued whereby your kind, those classified Superior, will be placed on notice. All crimes and infractions volunteered or otherwise are immune from Challenge. While under watch, any transgressions against personage for choices made will be met by Force of Conviction...
That’s my immunity, right?
Yes, when satisfied, truthfully testified, verdict will be delivered in visionary form.
Huh?
All your kind will receive this Confession, unedited, without interruption, and purposely time-stamped to avoid misinterpretation or problems with transmission interruption.
What?
Everything will be embedded in a dream, Johnny. All Wolves and Vamps implanted with memories, thus denying any claims to ignorance, Heaven’s Judgement.
Dude, that is awesome!
Yes, yes it is, now on to something else. Due to nature of testimonials some adjustments inserted for witness tolerance. First, in interest of imagery, description is preferred to abstract indication. Henceforth, the word ‘that’ is stricken from your vocabulary.
Huh?
You can’t say ‘that’.
What, ‘huh’ or…?
Yep.
Well, I’ll be.
Second, proper language will be employed, cursing is not allowed.
Come on…
Sorry, it’s nonnegotiable, Heaven doesn’t tolerate such talk.
But…
Don’t act unaware, the rules were written for all to see, etched into tablets for fact. Thou shalt not use certain words, they are a sin and will be punished accordingly. You did get the memo, correct?
Yes, everyone got the stupid…
Then you were warned.
Still…
Don’t worry, you’ll do fine. Okay, closing declaration, time’s arc will be followed. The reason is basic. A small fib can be maintained, the large cannot. Variables of unperceived, miniscule events untangle webs and reveal deception. Therefore, begin describing where you’ve been since contact, last made.
Okay, um… not sure when…?
Where were you when Heaven pronounced, real?
(Note: Existential Proclamation; Hellion Arrival. Ref. 1)
At Miss-Steaks.
Who is Miss Steak?
She’s not a person. It’s a restaurant in Love-Field Airport.
Describe the establishment, please.
Okay, imagine a steak-house catering to all things beef. There’s lassoes on every wall, straw on the floor, and peanuts in giant bowls. A menacing bull-ride at the entrance greets guests and all employees dress up cowboy-style with jeans, boots, and… huh… how strange…
What?
Well, for some reason, prattling’s fun.
Yes, it’s the serum, so long as truth uttered, pleasure centers will activate. The medication’s proven extremely effective in witness-recollection for contrast between joyful veracity and painful perjury is a powerful motivator.
I don’t under…?
Don’t lie. You really don’t want to lie.  
All right, uh…
At Miss-Steaks.
Oh, yeah. Well, we were sitting in a booth waiting for news to announce departure time. With everyone present, Vivian ordered accordingly.
“What’ll it be?”
“Everything, sugar.”
The world was whittling by, people going about daily lives believing reality still applied. Not comprehending, change in the air.
“Excuse me?”
“The whole enchilada, cream-cheese, bring the entire menu.”
After ordering, everybody leaned back, relaxed, and readied for some barbeque. The atmosphere was ideal, smoky, with an odor of seared flesh and noise of sizzling meat flowing from an open-concept kitchen. Above the entrance, a giant steer-head, mounted with pride, looming over all, gazing down with deep-set eyes, forever overseeing the consummation of its fellow, four-legged friends. Everything proceeded as planned, we controlled Third Clan…
(Note: Superior Division; World Domination. Ref. 2)
… began a global crisis…
(Note: Superior Subterfuge; Nuclear Annihilation. Ref. 3)
… and awaited the reply. Surprised how it arrived, however, thought your announcement would voice the shift.
It didn’t?
Nope, came from the lips of a babe.
“Gasp!”
She was a lowly food-attendant with blonde hair, skinny legs, and the uncanny ability to see things clearly.
Jingle
The thought of waste, startled motion.
Jangle
A slipped tray transformed two from waiting patrons to figures in action, blurring distance between themselves and appetizer descent. Freaky to behold, one moment, a pair of Wolves seated at the table, and then…
“Phew!”
“Nice catch!”
… five feet away, towering tall with plates in giant paws, relief evident on faces, what they craved, unspoiled, saved from the trembling hands of a child in western-wear. Glanced around to witness reaction of those present, customers, and marveled at their ability to remain oblivious. Returned attention to servant, tiny kitchen-wench attempting disappearance act, to fade away, go unnoticed. But she couldn’t. So she didn’t.
“Hello, dear.”
She caught the eye of LeTorque and Trudy spoke for all.
“Come forward.”
No choice. Girl’s feet, unwillingly, followed command.
“What’s your name?”
Lips parted as voice rebuffed mind and uttered a word, believed, better left unsaid.
“Becky.”
Scanned room for it became apparent something was different. While Humans remained unmindful, my kind were otherwise. Focused, fixated on the pixie-stick creature not with menace of past encounters, but newfound perspective.
“Becky, do you know how amazing you are?”
It was then, suspicions confirmed.
“Amazing?”
The child’s voice was small, nothing more than a peep, barely audible over din of diners, deaf to surroundings, content in consumption, unaware deleted history.
“Yes, my dear, amazing. Let me be first to congratulate. You’ll go down in annuls as beginning of breed, origin, start of the new generation…”
By look of innocent eyes and empty expression, theorized miscomprehension, and wasn’t alone…
“Trudy?”
“Yes?”
“Let me try.”
… for precisely then, the blue orbs of a Vampire so powerful nations unknowingly fought for her thoughts, settled on a lowly surf-and-turf worker plying her trade in a restaurant pretending to be a butcher-shop located in a terminal imitating a food-court within an airport masquerading as mall to deceive a fearfully flying public who gratefully paid a high price of admission to assume personas of individuals not worried about the obvious contradiction between metallurgy and air-travel when…
Hold on.
Huh?
Try and keep the rambling to a minimum.
Oh…didn’t realize…?
Yes, it’s why the interruption.
Okay, uh…
Becky’s illumination.
Right…
“Hello, pumpkin, I’m Mistress Vivian and she’s Madam Trudy. Along with Melissa, we represent the LeTorque Matriarchy. Which means, delectable one, we’re Vampires. And you, the luckiest person alive. You see, before this moment, at any other time, you’d be dead… “
Which was true.
Yes, forgive us one second.
All-righty.
For the record, admitted into facts are rules and regulations contained within the Inferior-Evolutionary Guideline Manual. In it are recommendations regarding Superior contact with sub-species, Homo-Sapiens. Specifically, Chapter Two, Section One, entitled ‘Expendable Resources’. Further information is available upon concurrence or at end of summation.
(Note: Unverified. At present time no direct knowledge of ‘laws against humanity’ proffered, but general consensus based on public suspicion indicates manuscript may, indeed, exist.)
Okay, please continue.
All right. Uh…
Mistress Vivian was explaining why the youthful serving-girl, Becky, was not going to die.
Oh, right…
“… and a death-sentence was issued for anyone with your ability. It’s not your fault… well… guess it is, because you’re a freak of nature. Somebody who sees what we truly are. Unfortunately, for your very specific subclass, in the past you met a horrible fate. We slaughtered your kind. Hunted each down, bled all dry…”
The child’s eyes met mine and realized, information too much to handle. Began to worry she’d die from fright and alter time’s trajectory when Trudy intervened with a softer explanation.
“What Mistress Vivian means, your forbearers, those with gifts of Superior-sight, were eliminated by our kind.”
“Your kind?”
“Yes, dear, my kind.”
She gave a quick profile picture.
“… and we’re genetically perfect while you, sadly, are not. We were bred first. You, the product of dilution, a minimal breed borne from better blood, preserved for prodigy survival…”
(Note: Birth of Humanity; Superior Mistake. Ref. 4)
After summation, Trudy paused, allowing the girl a response.
“You exterminated people?”
Vivian intervened with an answer.
“’Exterminated’ is such a harsh word, cupcake. Think of it as preserving them immortal, as though they live on inside us. Which, technically is true, considering preparation practices at the time.”
“What were…?”
“Generally, pinch of salt, dash of pepper.”
The scene was super surreal, Vampires interacting with the future stage of Human development. Was curious where conversation might lead but reality shifted gear and time followed form as boob-tube over bar revealed your face, onscreen, informing everyone, impending alien invasion.
“We have breaking news…”
(Note: Channel Five Exclusive; Interview with Heaven. First recorded evidence of Superior Interference. Ref. 5)
The program was our signal to leave so we rose as a group, moved toward exit, but during departure Trudy halted stride, turned to juvenile in waitress-wear, and imparted a few words of wisdom.
“Want a little advice?”
“Yes, please.”
Thus, to answer the question, we were interacting with Mankind’s future in frail, female-form…
“Do you see the man on television?”
“Uh-huh.”
… at Miss-Steaks restaurant… 
“He’s not a man, he’s something else altogether. So when he speaks, remember one thing.”
“Okay.”
… in Love Field Airport…
“He has only Heaven’s interest at heart.”
… when you made, presence known.
…
(Break)

Interlude 1: Prehistoric Formulation
The defendant’s kind are imbued with genetic perfection, a specific breed produced for infiltration and annihilation of those most unworthy continuation. Conceived under scientific scrutiny, introduced on planet, allowed to evolve. Representing the latest in biological warfare and under consideration for deployment as Heaven’s response to Hell’s challenge. As we break from Confessional, the following for consideration.
“Growl.”
“Hiss.”
Time was prehistoric, words unwritten, verbal communication a rudimentary version of future dialect. They were first, novel, roaming wild without nemesis, apex predators on the prowl. Done for submersion purposes, adapting, culminating in lethal form employed today. But we speak of past events, beginnings which reveal present plus intervening years for historical linkage. Subjects multiplied as others added by self-replication and scientific insertion. Perfected mixture for Nature to mold. Over time, equilibrium acquired. Without enemies or allies, stagnation settled. Inconsistent with purpose, alteration added, a secondary bipedal species introduced, integrated.
Snort
Grunt
“Please, shut up.”
The Neanderthals were a mistake. We readily admit the error and acknowledge need for further study. It should be noted though, while perishing in most horrific ways they did provide useful tools which accelerated contestant fortune. One of them, fire.
Sizzle
Crackle
Pop
Though Superiors knew of the element, it held few interests other than occasional lightning-strikes, igniting fauna. Cold is irrelevant to them, metabolisms manipulated by generating heat from mitochondrial fusion within cell structure itself. Furthermore, they tend to enjoy meat without searing, preferring raw overall. Not afraid of fire, far from it, Cortex function altered to replace fright with anticipation which, when rerouted, substitutes longing for dread. It is therefore, impossible for them to understand fear because they desire its presence.
“How far now?”
“Don’t know? It feels like we’ve been walking for hours.”
“Would you two be quiet?”
Now, while experiments had no need for heightened communication, the Cavepeople did, inventing complex vocal interactions for many reasons such as greetings, warnings, and general rumors. But mostly warnings.
“My feet hurt.”
“My back is killing me.”
“Guys, I really think we should keep our voices down.”
As a rule, Superior-subject lifespans are unpredictable. The reason is simplicity, designed to replicate anatomically, employing outside matter for energy and regeneration. In theory, so long as resources available, survival in perfected form secure. In reality…
Snarl!
Roar!
… destruction of precarious proportions, initial instinct of attack, held in tenuous check by two forces. First, power-lust. Coupled mate of utmost importance, chosen for success. Wolves may hold physical advantages but Vampires are intricately designed to counter opposition. Intelligence with lethal assets can alter balance, any confrontation.
“Was it a twig?”
“I think so.”
“Hush!”
The second element of survival continuation is aforementioned, self-replication of gendered species which can be accessed through various references of note. For minor reasons, explanation is unavailable. Therefore, if any have questions about paired life-form continuation practices, please seek help elsewhere. We now continue.
“Did you hear it?”
“I definitely heard something.”
“Shh!”
The Neanderthals were ill-equipped to deal with subject specie due to miscalculation of priority function. Engineered incorrectly, relying on faulty intelligence information. Instead of emphasizing physical, neural prevailed.
Snap
“Oh, crap.”
“I told you.”
Big heads housed enormous brains with large bodies for transport. They were structurally sound but slow of foot, lumbering along with lengthy arms and gangly legs. A loving people, very first Vegans, producing bounties of fresh produce with each fruitful year of existence. Also, nomadic culture, moving in groups, carrying sticks or stones to break bones and other materials found while foraging. Fairly capable of protecting themselves in numbers, it was singles which disappeared most. Jungle cats and dogs did greatest damage for they, in early stages of development and bodies, not readily adaptable. Easily picked off when traveling in twos or small groups, they never ventured alone. When individual identified, entire group mourned, knowing another passed away. Still, survival was possible if, again, an error not made, reverse-engineering without return to origin and result, intelligent prey without fully-formed physical capabilities. To numerous animals considered dangerous, defensive postures developed. Unfortunately, they were on a planet with beings of violence, constructed for sole purpose, domination.
“Joe?”
They played with supper.
“Vince?”
The ritual of storytelling grew over time. None were ever seen but a lone witness always left alive. Purpose never questioned for free-choice encouraged, but future encounters cemented generalized belief, done for idolization purposes.
“Anyone?”
They were surely aware of circumstance. In an instance, any Wolf could end every Cave-life without effort. Reason for restraint became manifest when flint struck stone.
“Hello?”
The first recorded evidence of Superior interest in anything but self was Vampire and Cavewoman.
“Anyone there?”
Her title was Alice, six feet high with bodily fur and dour expression. It wasn’t personality so much as Neander jawline, more adapted to grazing than rendering of flesh. In person, she was quite nice.
“Eek!”
“Don’t be scared. Name’s Nat, got a few questions…”
A visit was made to confirm monitor-operation status, a recording of interviews for synchronization and stabilization purposes. All were found functional and further buttressed by first-hand, witness-recollected testimony.
(Note: Molecular Identification; Elemental Spyware. A periodic jigsaw table. Ref. 6)
“What did you speak of?”
“The flame and how it came to light.”
There was an airy quality about her, as though life fleeting. Possibly caused by attempts to hasten nature, mistakenly inserting preservation instincts without corresponding stimuli. They, cognitively aware but mentally stifled. Resembling newborns, trusting and curious, perfect prey.
“Tell me exactly what she said.”
“Okay, well…”
Speculated to be of base-brain origin, bridge between past and present, organ of self-preservation. Breathing, circulation, and perspiration are good examples of its purpose. As is startle, fright, and flee. The problem appears to be a chemical reaction caused by life-or-death situations passed along to future generations. Be it as it may, when Neanders encountered something dangerous…
“Grr!”
… instead of running…
“Hi, how’s it going?”
… they began introductions…
“Growl!”
… and, inevitably, eaten.
“Burp.”
It was, therefore, somewhat surprising, conversation was occurring at all.
“She paid particular interest to what?”
“Land conservation, she wished to know why the old crops set aflame while traveling.”
They were game yet allowed existence. Contrary to impulse, done for a reason.
“And why do you light them on fire?”
“So predators won’t follow.”
Defensive design from intelligent minds was too enticing for Vampires to ignore. Neanderthals were the first species with higher communication skills encountered for previously, ape-intellect, the apex alternative. With arrival of abstract ideas, those of defensive postures, dormant synapses responsible for adaptable thought were flipped and subsequent stage, higher development, begun.
…

Session 2: Flight to Nowhere
Here you go.
Thanks.
You’re welcome. Would you like cream or sugar?
No, black’s fine.
Okay, please continue.
All right, um…
Miss-Steaks, pardoning Becky, public pronouncement.
Okay. Well, as you were getting introduced, we made way through the terminal, out some door, and down a tarmac where private planes parked. While walking, a sudden feeling emerged, something not precisely right, out of place.
“Hey, where’d everybody go?”
Only a single member remained, all others, gone.
 “Sweetie, we need to talk.”
Vivian said, things changed, plan altered without personal consultation.
“I get a plane to myself?”
“Yes.”
 She was tasked with delivering bad news because the rules of Rock-Paper-Scissors were unfathomable.
“Why does Paper win?”
“It covers Rock.”
Her reasoning wouldn’t allow for it.
“But doesn’t Rock pound Paper into pulp?”
Apparently, post-debate, a decision made. Though it had a claim to supremacy, precedent would prevail and Rock ruled susceptible to asphyxiation by Paper-hug.
“Okay, Vivian, what’s going on?”
After swearing, I wouldn’t get angry, she complied.
 “Everyone took a vote… actually, more like a poll… or a pledge. Anyway, all were asked if they could restrain from ripping your head off if they flew with you. Everybody agreed, they could make no such guarantee...”
It sucked.
“I can’t believe you’re making me fly by myself!”
Possibly would’ve thrown a fit if not for the arrival of something which transformed everything.
“You won’t be alone, Sweetie, you’ll have a pilot and stewardess.”
 “Stewardess?”
“Yes. Look, there she is right now.”
My eyes followed command and nearly popped from sockets.
She was a Vampire, wasn’t she?
Yep.
“Johnny, this is Carmen.”
Five-foot-ten with sandy hair and the body of a pin-up model.
“Hello, Mr. Johnson, I’m your attendant. If you’d like anything, just ask, I’ll deliver.”
Not sure ears believed words. Nat, obviously we’ve had our differences and you might destroy the world, but truth told, incredible job with the Vamps.
They are attractive.
Dude, they’re gorgeous. Telling you, every time a new one arrives, think about using powers of Clan Elder to…
Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is an official inquiry which may be witnessed by others, some of modest persuasions. So if you could keep it clean...
Huh?
No smut, Johnny.
Oh, okay. Uh, let’s see… hmm… forgot where…
At the airport, boarding a plane.
Right, so everything was fine, found seat and in process of pre-medication for self-preservation in the aviation-age when Carmen abruptly interrupted. 
“In case of emergency, overhead airbags will deploy…”
Who in their right mind thought it a good idea?
Huh?
 What being believed announcing pitfalls of service a positive goal? An emergency during flight implies plummeting. It precedes splatting. Can’t believe either’s ever a good thing.
“We’re going splat!”
“Yay!”
See, doesn’t work. And get this, she also had the nerve to announce passenger responsibilities. If there are transportation officials witnessing this interrogation…
There are.
Good, like to point something out. The public should not be entrusted with Emergency Management Procedures. We are not trained properly. Hired you for the job.
“Mister Johnson!”
“I’m out of here!”
Now, didn’t know where to go, but sure of one thing, not there. So, raced down the aisle looking for an emergency-escape hatch, found one…
“Yes!”
… but couldn’t open it…
“Urk!”
…because wasn’t paying attention when pretty prattling Vampire explained emergency-exiting procedures. Hence, gave up, returned to aisle, ran up rear of aircraft, spun around, and faced a different kind of Carmen, the stern-stewardess type.
“Mister Johnson, get in your seat!”
“No!”
It was probably then, voice raised, which ended any possibility of lifelong dance-partnership. Can’t say for certain what changed, her eyes, nose, maybe those longing lips, but suddenly menace filled the air.
“Johnny.”
She spoke with an amused expression. It was the first time, initial name invoked. Didn’t like it. Didn’t trust it. Her voice was feline in nature. Like a cat or a lion. Yeah, more like a lion because, pretty sure, could tame a kitty.
“I will ask one more time, sit down. If you don’t, there will be ramifications.”
Now, normally Mistresses obeyed because the alternate choice is extremely unhealthy. But, we were on a plane…
Which scares you.
Which terrifies me, everything about the ordeal is unnerving. You worry over packing correctly, arriving on time, checking bags properly, getting through security, locating correct terminal, finding departing gate, and finally, as if not frightened enough, funneled down some narrow hallway to enter a vehicle which, might add, looks suspiciously coffin-like.
It does resemble one.
Uh-huh. So it’s probably why, the reaction.
“Ramifications?”
“Yes.”
All right, as you’re aware, power’s mine and with it comes some perks. Namely, Wolves and Vamps in the Clan treat me with respect. With it as background, when Carmen, an admittedly mighty fine-looking Vampire threatened ramifications, probably got a little high-headed…
“What kind of…?”
… and found myself bound to a chair without explanation or comprehension. One breath questioning a Mistress and then, strapped down, meekly staring forward as she completed the mandated Emergency Management Performance.
She finished?
Yep, even inflated the life-preserver to show proper procedures when planes crash in frigid waters. Bet sharks love those things. Picture them, swimming around with beady eyes, looking for a seal to swallow and lo-behold, there above, silhouetted perfectly on the water’s surface, a bobbing land-mammal just begging to be eaten alive.
You really have a fear of flying.
Yep.
Why do you think it is?
Don’t know? Might be the wings, could be the pilot, or perhaps it’s because when things get thrown in the air, they come down with a thud. The heavier, the thuddier.
Thuddier?
It means, more thuddy.
Johnny, our databanks contain reference material of all beings encountered and nowhere is the word ‘thuddier’.
(Note: Heaven’s linguistic superiority unknown at this time)
Are you sure?
Yes.
Did you spell it with two d’s?
Yes.
Because sometimes words get the double-lettering thing.
Yes, we know. It’s still not a word. Would you please continue?
Um… where…?
Carmen was finishing instructions.
Oh yeah. Well, when she was done with her one-man emergency preparation act, plane took off into the wild blue yonder. Sat quietly for a while till itching reared its ugly head. Thankfully, straps chosen were made of rubber, allowing for scratching if not escape. Thought it a bit emasculating and slightly embarrassing which led to further pondering, worst-case situations. Sadly, one immediately came to mind.
“Carmen?”
Nature calling.
“Yes, Mr. Johnson?”
She reverted to last-name usage. Don’t get me wrong, still cute, adorable, and dream of long-distance travelers worldwide, but something was different about her attitude.
“I have to use the restroom.”
 She didn’t trust me. 
“Seriously, need to go.”
It must be an odd profession, guarding. Authorized to keep people under wraps with force when necessary, yet thwarted at times and no one to blame but themselves.
What are you talking about?
The bathroom, my good spaceman, the toilet zone. You’ve seen the show where prisoner escapes through window. It’s always in a restroom. One might assume, after watching the pivotal scene innumerable times, people would disbelieve repeat performances. One might be wrong, though, for the essential plot-element can be replayed continuously till end of time due to something known but rarely admitted.
“Are you coming with me?”
We are uncomfortable watching others perform, evacuation drills.
“No, but don’t try anything funny.”
Nearly giggled when she spoke because, at same time words spoken, opened door to find a three-foot square compartment with sink, mirror, and vacuum-hole. Not enough room for humor. While prepping for procedure, thought of reaching over and touching walls till deducing others did also, followed through with the act, and neglected to wash properly. It led to contemplating number of germs in closed containers on metal planes and angst arose. Ironically, looked for a window, an alternate way out but found nothing, only tanned aviation interior. Felt a little panicky and slightly claustrophobic but managed to maintain composure and hone in on success, one step from voidance, just awaiting bowel approval.  Therefore, what happened should not be held against me.
Whrrrlll!
“What the…? What’s going on?”
Denying an urge to seed air with liquid fear, remained still, and waited for the answer from Vampire outside.
“It’s just a little turbulence. Don’t worry. Hurry and finish up.”
Those three sentences should not run together. Turbulence lacks size, worrying is involuntary, and performance issues should never be rushed. Now, might’ve finished, believe could’ve ended situation if given thirty more seconds. But wasn’t to be.
Ka-thunk!
“We’re going down!”
All right, don’t know what others do in dire flight situations…
What the stewardess instructed during Emergency Procedures Presentation.
Oh, well, makes sense now. But then, a mile high over troubled waters…
“We’re all gonna’ die!”
… it’s possible to find one’s feet running down the aisle, looking for something known to be invaluable in plummeting situations but is inexplicably absent. Probably shouldn’t be surprised since the aviation-industry, essentially, wrote passengers off as a cost of doing business…
Huh?
Where’s the freaking parachutes? There should be parachutes? Maybe not for everyone, it’s probably unaffordable, but for some at the very least. Speaking of which, where’s the plane’s chute? Remember when astronauts returned from the Moon in capsules? Those things fell from outer-space. Doesn’t same theory apply to intra-atmosphere travel?
My goodness, you have issues.
I know!
So what happened next?
Well, looked for a place to hide…
Hold on, how’d you get past Carmen?
Well, in all haste and confusion … um… forgot to do something which gave pause in the apprehension process...
Which was?
Didn’t zip up.
No.
Yep, came bursting out in all my glory. Now, don’t think it was the tipping point, held out lightest glimmer of hope, could turn on the charisma and win back Carmen’s heart. But then something else emerged which, pretty much, destroyed such notion.
What?
Pee. Hadn’t fully finished and while running down the aisle, left a little drop of me with every step taken.
Yuck.
Yeah, it’s what she said. And then she said…
“Mr. Johnson…!”
… using her outside voice again.
“… need I remind you, I am in charge of your safety on this flight…”
Began searching for a way around, saw a door near rear-tail section and it occurred, perfect place to store secret parachutes in case everything went wrong and escape from unruly passengers became necessary.
“… and furthermore, I’ve been tasked with making sure you arrive at your destination…”
Thought about throwing a fake. You know, juking and sprinting past when she mentioned something, undeniably forgotten.
“… and one more thing, this plane has the very latest in modern technology. As such, it maintains the ability of automation. Which means, though you may not remember, we are not alone…”
Felt the presence behind.
“Johnny, meet our pilot, Fred.”
Couldn’t turn because, Vampire to the front.
“Fred, say hello to...”
So, woke tied to a chair, bucket between the legs.
A bucket?
Yep, very own urinal.
Makes sense.
Yeah, but did nothing to improve things with Dimples.
Dimples?
Uh-huh, it’s her pet name. Keeping open the possibility maybe, just perhaps, she’ll come around in time. Anyway, it was the usual confinement as we crossed open waters.
Must’ve been rough.
Know what, wasn’t so bad. It’s possible Dimples was worried, might hold a grudge and use Elder powers to punish, so she hit an overhead switch and downloaded a program specifically designed for one’s like me.
“It’s the craft’s personal broadcast channel, used by VIP’s to relax over long voyages, secure in the knowledge anything seen, heard, or otherwise witnessed, previously vetted and personally approved by highest authorities…”
Thing was amazingly effective….
What was it called?
Don’t think it had a name. One of those self-help seminars where narrator explains what went wrong and how to avoid doing same. Got to admit, had some interesting insights. In fact, bet bottom dollar you’d find it fascinating. Unfortunately, don’t know what it’s called so probably, impossible to find.
Not necessarily, with flight-plan or destination, information is retrievable.
Well, both are easy to get, but don’t think it’ll work.
Why not?
The plane crashed and burned.
Crashed?
Yep, took a header into Mother Earth.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 2: Subordinate Use
The introduction of fire brought devastation, previously limited to weather forces or volcanic activity, the terrain was fertile ground, a tinderbox of potential. Neanders, new to the process and without benefit of descendant disaster made the inevitable… well… unavoidable.
“Light it.”
“But, it’s so windy.”
“It’s why we added more hay.”
They developed skills without identifying basics. Oh, it was known, dry matter would burn quicker than wet and which stones made sparks when struck, but they did not pay particular attention to one aspect of the science.
Whoosh!
“Holy…!”
The amount of land burnt during initial forays turned day to night as smoke billowed from raging infernos ignited by beings of child-like natures, playing with fire.
“Get the water!”
“What water? We’re in a prairie!”
Landscape from space revealed the image.
(Note: Heavenly Surveillance; Interstellar Espionage. Ref. 7)
For those without graphic designs, picture a planet with blue water and green land. On the land take a black marker and draw a line. The line indicates path towards Neanderthal society. It generally follows movements and remains somewhat contained except areas where it doesn’t, enormous swaths of land charred to ember. They employed the first Scorched Earth policy which would later gain prominence as a means of warfare, but did so accidently. They had yet to grasp air as source of fire’s energy.
“You must allow the flame to breathe.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
Alice was informant. She became liaison of sorts, someone with inside information on the thinking of subject matter. Over months since first encounter, she was visited regularly by a Vampire and questioned repeatedly on the makings of lit lumber. Tribal members, those she traveled with, began viewing her in a new light for they could not help but overhear conversations held with another, unseen. When she spoke at council they paid heed for what proposed generally led to a better understanding of the orange light’s origin.
“We should set a controlled burn on the outside edges so it won’t travel further than intended.”
The council listened and followed advice. They had trouble doing otherwise for she alone understood the complex concepts. She did so because a Madam was exploring new possibilities.
“Air becomes fire, the spark sets it free, and wood feeds the flame.”
Now, it should be noted, though Neanderthals held great capacity and copious amounts of mental material for excelled thought, they were still infants in timeline and not fully formed. Therefore, while some comprehended water doused fire, they had no understanding as to successful source allocation.
“It’s growing bigger.”
“Spit on it, should slow down.”
They were destined to die in any number of ways. From smoke inhalation alone, an estimated drop of thirty percent population was forthcoming if not for the intervention of Superior subjects.
“The flame must have an exit for more air to enter.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
Some may notice use of title employed. It was not accidental. There is a trend among those who encounter such creations, from mutt to king all revert to form and speak with reverence when confronted. The act is defensive and meant to convey subordination, the underlying theme complex but easy to describe. Intimidation at molecular level.
“You shall experiment, learn to melt ores and create compounds useful for everyday purposes.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
Impulse is immediate and unavoidable. When in company, any entity of imperfection receives a signal, warning, the force before is beyond them. Influenced at atomic scope, so low, only beings aware are those who took time to isolate and investigate individual occurrences. It is the interruption of normalcy which causes such disturbance, recognition of power beyond comprehension, leaving subtle yet sole solution, acquiescence and complete surrender. Thus…
“Mistress?”
“Yes?”
... formal name recognition.
“Why do you let us live?”
The nomadic insertions served purpose with dignity if not enjoyment. As indicated, they died in horrific ways, leaving a lasting, lingering memory for future eras because, it was not done quickly. In the beginning, a source of entertainment and amusement as subjects preyed on them in singular fashion, enjoying the game as Neander society attempted new and wiser defensive postures which, predictably, were met by Wolves who relished such sport. As time progressed, however, they became something else...
“Because you are useful.”
… Pawns.
“Useful?”
“Yes, fuzzy one, tools.”
They employed the strategy of oversight, allowing others to work for them, a necessary step in evolution due to limited numerical numbers. As directed and In accordance with precedent, biological warfare must be contained. Therefore, limitations on Superior reproductive-rate instigated, Vampires restricted to singular birth only.
(Note: Pregnancy Proscription; No Child Left Behind Act. Ref. 8)
Unfortunately, combined with their need to dominate, it became clear, an error overlooked.
Snarl!
Roar!
Superior self-murder rate unsustainable and experiment looking at complete failure when riddle solved by altered genome, allowing Vampires to produce litters. Study then had population equilibrium. A number which can be employed to overwhelm any foe yet remain manageable. The reasoning, once victory is achieved they will act as programmed and turn on selves. Essentially, snakes eating tails.


Session 3: Undead Recognition
Here.
Thanks.
You should like it. The kitchen is run by a chef of universal renown.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Where’s he from?
He’s a she, Johnny, and the woman’s from your planet.
Seriously?
Yes.
What’s her name?
Betty Crocker.
Are you kidding?
No.
Did you…?
Did we what?
Abduct her.
Of course not, the maiden is an anatomic cyborg programmed with all to be gleaned on such a great lady. It has every recipe under her name and extensive knowledge of cutlery presentation.
Cool.
Yes, it is cool. Now, would you please continue?
Sure, where…?
The plane was crashing.
Oh right, well,  it was near the end of self-help programming when something felt odd, sensation of angling down. Now, fully aware planes can tilt to planet but don’t believe, ever felt the act. All previous flights, think altitude was altered by keeping nose up while slowing speed. Nat, believe me, when a plane points toward ground, it’s a bad feeling.
Description please.
Same as a roller-coaster except you can’t see forward and didn’t pay for the thrill ride. Strangest thing is what the stomach does, like it’s so freaked out, seeks refuge in the throat. Anyway, it wasn’t bad in the beginning, no alarms ringing, and thought it might be an aerobatic tactic when something interrupted.
“Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap…”
Carmen, moving toward cockpit with un-stewardess speed.
“What the…?”
Internal senses rang clear but couldn’t respond because bungee-strapped to a self-help theater in the sky. So looked around for something to ease the problem, you know, loosen elastic manacles and access freedom in case pilot was having final thoughts of farewell fantasies. Found nothing, and employed next best option available.
“Get these stupid things off!”
Don’t know why yelling came to mind, maybe a motivation tool invoking newfound knowledge to strengthen resolve and break the chains. Turned out, didn’t need to…
“Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap…”
… because Carmen came racing back up the aisle…
“Okay, Mister Johnson, I’m going to remove those straps so don’t do anything stupid.”
… leaned over, reached down, and before a count of three, unbound the restraints. Fortunately, it was then, plane decided to take a closer look at soil below.
“Yaaagh!”
“Eeek!”
She actually said ‘Eeek’. Isn’t it the most adorable thing?
“Mister Johnson, get off me!”
An admission, high office holds incredible benefits. A Vampire responsible for providing safe passage is one such example. Thus, when craft lurched and stumbling commenced, she materialized to cushion fall, a soft and wondrous landing-pad which, even then, was difficult to let be. Sadly, couldn’t think of a reason to remain thus, grabbed seat and hauled body erect. But, not proud to admit, took time doing so.
Because she was a Vampire.
Yep.
And gorgeous.
Yep again.
“Johnny, stay calm and come with me.”
Another admission, thrilled to be back on first-name basis but unable to comply with such a ludicrous command.
“Stay calm? The plane’s going down! I am not required to stay calm when crashing!”
It was the wrong thing to say.
“Oomph!”
She knocked the wind out of me. Little Vamp was a sucker-puncher.
“Gasp!”
Then she grabbed my arm and dragged me down the aisle, whole while, struggling to breathe, bent over at the waist, trying everything to inhale, but solar plexus unready for such an act. By the way, what’s with the body’s reaction to gut shots? How can a slight tap cause such misery? Shouldn’t someone, somewhere, somehow have mutated something to protect the area?
We Heavens have.
Okay, at times, you’re completely annoying. But anyway, recovered breathing by time cockpit encountered, Carmen threw open door, and there, occupying the pilot-seat, sat Fred… unconscious.
“Oh, crap.”
Knew, right then, it was the end.
“Oh my God, this is it!”
Fortunately, one of us still retained ability to think properly.
“Johnny, move him to the floor so I can take over the controls!”
Now, things were rather hectic with plane speeding toward its final destination and all, so probably wasn’t clear-headed because, completely out of character, responded appropriately…
“Okay.”
… by grabbing guy under armpits but…
“My God! What does he weigh?”
… failing miserably because the man was big, not burly, obese. Which meant his weight was not properly positioned throughout body, it was in the belly, all balled up acting like a Human anchor-weight. Was frustrating but kept at it since plunging from sky is one of worst fears realized.
“Ummph!”
Pulled, leveraged, leaned back, and…
“Errg!”
… fellow moved.
“Holy…!”
And when he did, plane took a turn to vertical. Apparently, while slumped over steering column, torso kept things somewhat horizontal. Until it didn’t.
“Get out of the way!”
Startled into action, jumped aside as Carmen buzzed by and pulled flight-stick back, leveling descent.
“Oh, thank God!”
There was a moment of silence as, believe, hearts relaxed while lungs sighed. Then she spoke.
“Johnny?”
And a quiver of worry responded because the way she verbalized left little doubt in mind. But, since mine has proven unreliable at times, had to ask…
“Yes?”
… and of course, for one of the few times in life, brain knew what it was thinking.
“Do you, by any chance, know how to fly?”
Almost died, truly believe heart heard question, looked up and said…
“What… what did she say?”
… as lungs responded another way .
“Are you serious?”
“Yes.”
“No, I don’t know how to fly. What kind of question is…?”
It was then, dawning struck…
“Oh my Lord, you don’t know either!”
… and full panic set in. You probably won’t believe it, but searched for an escape route. Imagine, contemplating on-land high-diving.
“Johnny!”
“What?”
“I need you to reach into my right front pocket and pull something out.”
Now, by then panic had altered, shifted focus, no longer looking for ways to escape or thinking thoughts of meeting rocks at supersonic speed because, in shock mode, unable to perform any voluntary action at all. But, thank stars, could follow orders.
“Your right front pocket?”
“Yes.”
So, reached in and pulled out what indicated.
“Now open it.”
Did so.
“Is this…?”
“Yes, I need you to insert the syringe in my vein and remove some blood.”
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
She didn’t know?
Nope.
“Um…”
“Quickly, we’re running low on fuel and need to hurry.”
“Err…”
“What are you doing? Just jam the needle in my vein and pull back the stopper.”
It was close. Don’t know if it was adrenalin or fear which prevented the fall, but in either case, remained upright.
“Carmen?”
“What?”
“I can’t, I’m afraid of needles.”
Still remember those beautiful eyes when pupils dilated with comprehension, trapped on a plane with the poorest passenger in history of Emergency Aviation Response. Then, orbs returned to normal.
“All right, change of plans. Here, take the controls.”
Obliged, not fast at first because, had a few questions...
“What? Look, told you, I have no idea how to fly a…”
“Do you want to live?”
And found myself sitting in a pilot’s seat with no knowledge of aeronautics and nobody to call for advice as Carmen fiddled with body below. Suddenly, remembered something spoken earlier.
“The automatic pilot! We can turn on the automatic pilot!”
Seemed a perfect solution, let the machine take over. Eyes frantically scanned panel and found…
“You have got to be kidding me.”
… nothing.
“Where…?”
 Once more, this goes out to the transportation department. Put labels on things. If there is more than one knob, tell people what it is.
“I can’t believe this.”
After determining random selection an extremely poor option, returned sight to window, placed hands on wheel, and spoke to one in charge.
“What should I do?” 
 “Just keep doing what you’re doing, I’ll have Fred up in just a minute…”
So, did as ordered, sat watching windshield pretending to steer till realizing what she mentioned, a little odd.
“Excuse me? What did you say?”
“I said, keep doing...”
Wait a moment, was the man…?
Yep.
“Hold on a second, is Fred a Zombie?”
(Note: Undead Verification; Human-Vampire transaction. Ref. 9)
“Yes, and if I can reanimate him we might get out of this unscathed.”
Can you believe it? They gave me a corpse for a pilot.
“You Zombified the man?”
“We had to make sure, no witnesses.”
Everything slowed to a crawl. Vividly recollect the view, tops of green trees, light-blue sky, occasional puffy clouds of wispy moisture, a tan instrument panel with lots of levers and buttons, none identified, but one with familiar, flashing color.
“Oh crap!”
“What?”
“You might want to hurry!”
Red light, fuel gauge on empty. For a second thought, like a car, probably holds five more gallons.
“I am hurrying!”
“Well hurry faster!”
“Why?”
But of course, it didn’t.
“Because this warning came on and I think we’re out of gas!”
There was a slight pause, enough to glance at the floor where Carmen was removing needle from Frank’s vein. It caused a shudder but fortunately, didn’t black out.
“All right, he should be okay in about a minute. Try and keep the plane steady till then.”
Don’t know if it was altitude talking or just excitement of moment but distinctly remember responding to such a request.
“Just keep it steady?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
One could feel the plane descending, not gliding, more like freefalling forward. Carmen probably felt same because she changed, spoke a little snippy.
“Just keep your hands on the wheel! My God, can’t you do anything for yourself?”
Obviously, had to reply…
“Hey! Don’t yell at me, this is not my fault!”
… and she in turn, obligated to answer
“Yes it is! If you weren’t so insufferable, I’d know Fred was running low!”
Can you believe it?
“Are you blaming me? Are you crazy? I’m not the one responsible for this! Let me tell you something, Mistress, something  you should know already. You do not Zombify the pilot! I don’t know where you got your certification, but let me assure you, the one thing you don’t do is kill the guy responsible for keeping you alive!”
Really?
No idea.
“It wasn’t my fault! I was following orders!”
It was then, began to ponder, possibly no longer in charge. It’s kind of funny when one thinks about things, life spent trying to dictate fate and when the end arrives, chance decides who won or lost.
What?
You think you’re in charge but you’re not.
We are.
Whatever. So afterward, Fred began moving and for a fleeting instant, felt hope. Then glanced through windshield and knew, it was pointless.
“Oh no.”
We weren’t going to make it. Didn’t matter how fast the Zombie recovered, out of time, plane lost. It’s weird. You know how people say time slows down when life’s on the line? Well, think it’s true. Believe brain takes snapshots instead of movies. Know it was for me. Saw ground approaching, sensed Vampire behind, felt a Zombie flutter on floor, then moment before impact, one sharp jab to neck-flesh and the whispered words of Carmen…
“Remember, I saved your life.”
… as everything shut off.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 3: Human Hunger
The loss of the Neanderthals was not sudden or swift. They remained a physical presence on the planet for ages and straddled an era of pre to post-Human development. Sadly, as with most lifeforms who come in contact with Inferiors, they disappeared from view. It wasn’t Wolves or Vamps who dealt the last hand, it was Mankind and its voracious appetite.
“Hi, I’m Greg, a Neander who lives in harmony with nature and respects all living things.”
“Hello, my name’s Dick, Human with a stick.”
Bashing was the preferred method and reason, unfortunately, study’s fault.
“Yum.”
“Uh-huh, finger-licking good.” 
The cranial capacity of Neanderthals was exceeded, in terms of overall consumable material, by only the rump region. Therefore…
“Want more butt-brain?”
“Yep.”
… those inadvertently engineered backward and introduced for Superior education were consumed within decades of Inferior birth. It was not something predicted, and quite frankly, a disturbing period to monitor.
“What’s for dinner?”
“Neander stew.”
We chose not to intervene for two reasons. First, as noted earlier, subjects were in the early stages of development and thus, protocol was followed. Superiors would be afforded every opportunity to evolve naturally within scientific parameters determined by precedent procedural processes. Basically, if they allowed it, we were okay with it. The second was observational. Humanity was brutal, Neander peaceful. We did not breed Wolves for pacification, we bred them for elimination. The decision to employ Inferiors as subordinates in world domination revealed proper aggressive tendencies and deemed an appropriate use of materials at hand. Unfortunately, for the Cavepeople…
“Munch!”
… it meant actual appendages…
“Belch!”
… as they gave their all for betterment of Heaven’s wishes. If it appears we have a soft spot for the former, furry creatures, it’s true. They were the least equipped creatures witnessed where external threats concerned. They would look danger square in the eye and be eaten in reply. It was embarrassing. We’re not here to lay blame, it was never our intention to create beings without protection, it was an accident. Now, as with all accidents, we can choose to dwell or move past and learn from those mistakes. We’ve chosen the later and embraced it as a teaching-moment. To those without pictograph imagery, imagine a cookbook illustration with equal amounts intelligence and self-defense for ingredients. This is the optimal mixture where survivability is concerned. We cannot emphasize enough the importance of allowing a species with higher thought an answer to imminent destruction. Without it…
“Look! A Neander!”
“Gulp!”
… the final scenes…
“I can’t believe he just stood there.”
“Yep… gulp… hey, pass the Neander-tots.”
… are difficult to stomach.
Brrrp!
All right, with caution covered, we shall return attention to subjects of interest. From Mankind’s emergence till current time a biological map, blueprint of genetic superiority, employed and embraced. We will not use graphic enhancement for principle is easy to grasp yet difficult to fathom. Recall again, as before, the hierarchy, pyramid revealing power. At the top reside those in control. Now, acquire a single grain of sand and ascend the structure. Place tiny pebble atop massive monument and one will have an appropriate appreciation for scale of Superior dominance. They are grain which governs the mass. They look down upon those below with amusement, unable to do otherwise for designed so, impulses altered allowing for maximum efficiency with minimal sympathy. At all times, lords of every domain.
…

Session 4: Territorial Conflict
Do you need some help?
No, should be able to…
Seriously, we can probably get it off easier because…
What’s with this thing?
There is nothing with it, Johnny, it’s a screw-on bottle-cap.
Well, it doesn’t seem to be working very well.
It doesn’t work, it just is. A product-design allowing consumer to open and close plastic beverage bottles for multi-use enjoyment.
What are you, an industry spokesman or something?
No, we’re not associated with any…
This thing sucks. Like, glued on and it was just opened.
Yes, but then you resealed and the pressure inside…
This is not an improvement. What imbecile thought this an upgrade?
Well, fairly certain it was a product engineer who spent years of higher education learning mathematics involved in…
They should bring back the other one.
Other one?
Yeah, the one where someone twisted once and nothing else. Not the one where a bottle-cap remover was required, but the one after it. The one which looked like the first. One where soda bought, opened, and drunk.
Huh? Suppose, you didn’t like the flip-top can.
Nope, nothing but a fingernail splitter.
Hmm… very interesting. But, do you think we could return to topic?
Sure, where…?
Plane was about to crash.
Right, so recall sitting, watching ground approach as Carmen jammed needle in neck, then we hit. Passed out and don’t remember anything until…
“Mister Johnson?”
… heard her voice and thought, maybe did die. She’s even a dream-cake in the vocal realm.
“Johnny?”
Debated to breathe or not. You know, get a little mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, but then she said…
“Okay, lie still, I need to remove this metal shard from your…”
“Yaaagh!”
It hurt. It really, really hurt.
Even with her blood in you?
Yeah, takes time for full effects to kick in. Amps up immune system but anti-pain properties don’t arrive till later.
(Note: Superior Resistance; Antibodies and Traumatic Response. Ref. 10)
Okay, go on.
Well, sat straight into upright sitting position while it was pulled out. Shocked by pain and further surprised when image of Carmen’s backside tossing steel aside altered drastically as she spun around…
“Yaaagh!”
… and returned so quickly, wasn’t sure, saw things correctly.
“What? What is it?”
She asked, twirling again, and as before, responded…
“Yaaagh!”
… which caused a repeat of entire process because, apparently, she believed a screaming person acted so at threats of danger. 
Was there?
Nope.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Um…”
It was a strange feeling, didn’t have heart to tell her. Knew for a fact she’d rejuvenate in time, but with her face burnt away, lacked courage to point out the deficiency.
“Is it me?”
“Err…”
But she could tell it was her because, have a hard time looking at gross things. And let me tell you, she was one mangled mess of a Mistress.
“Is it my face?”
“Uh… not exactly.”
Which was true since a skull must own covering for facial recognition to apply. Always thought skin was for border-patrol, but now not sure it doesn’t have a greater function.
“How bad is it?”
It was horrible, nothing but meat, muscle, and other stuff. She still had eyes staring with sincere interest and… well… guess a hopeful quality to them. And teeth were intact, but nothing else. No nose, no dimples, no lips, just one nasty, gnarly, post plane-crash victim with looks to kill anyone with a weak heart and proneness for visual revulsion.
“Oh, goodness, it can’t be too bad…”
She muttered blindly while walking away and picking up a reflective part of the damaged aircraft, further solidifying belief, metal and flight don’t mix.
“Eeek!”
The ‘Eeek’ is nowhere near as cute when shrieked by someone who isn’t.
“My face!”
Thought ‘what face?’ but didn’t say it aloud.
Probably wise.
Yep, didn’t make it this far by being a complete moron. Anyway, sat awhile waiting for bodies to heal...
The pilot too?
Yeah, Fred was present, but lost his head in collision and fire roasted torso, so wasn’t long for the world.
He didn’t re-animate?
Oh, he re-animated all right, but didn’t re-integrate. Believe upon departure, his left pinky-toe was inching along, blindly searching smoldering remains for a partner to play footsy with.
(Note: Undead Organic Organization; Earthworm Segmentation. Ability of tissue to survive postmortem separation . Ref. 11)   
All right, what happened afterward?
Yin arrived.
Yin?
Yep, we crashed about a mile from the landing strip.
So you were in…?
Asia, don’t ask where, no idea. Think the village name began with Lo, but no quotes, could be take-out menu talking.
What did he look like?
Yin?
Yes, Johnny, Yin.
Same as always, the biggest, baddest, most intimidating figure ever created.
Baddest is not a word.
Seriously?
Yes.
Then someone needs to upgrade their referencing system because, positive, in play today.
We’ll mention it at the next meeting.
Thanks.
You’re welcome. Now, please go on.
Okay, well, was recuperating when brother walked up. He didn’t say anything, which was rude, so I said…
“Hi, Yin.”
… and he replied…
“Hello, Yang.”
… while Miss Missing Dimples covered face with hands, probably embarrassed by traumatic injury, but possibly not. A similar reaction always occurs when others encounter him, first time.
Which is?
Celebrity worship.
Well, he is famous.
True, so anyway, got to feet because, by then, healing powers did their job and health, good as new.
And Carmen.
Coming around, a little worse for wear since she was standing during impact and flew through windshield head-first. But, sure she’s fine, those Vamps are some durable babes. In fact, one day, when image of her missing face fades away, might just look her up to see if the old Johnny-boy charm can loosen her…
Hey!
Oh, sorry, recorder thing, right?
Yes, Johnny, the recorder thing. Let’s try not to forget the recorder thing.
Okay, well unfortunately, it was when we parted ways with Pretty Dimply Carmen.
“Mistress?”
“Yes, Wolf Yin?”
“There’s a limousine waiting to deliver you to the estate. Please, while there, make yourself comfortable.”
Wonder if she thought we’d meet her later?
You didn’t?
Nope.
“Yang.”
“Yes, Yin?”
“Time to leave.”
Now, had just ridden a plane for thirteen hours, one which crash-landed and exploded in flames, so thought, might get a break…
“Dude, we were in a horrific…”
… and found myself talking to trees. He was standing there, a giant silhouette backlit by burning aviation evidence, then gone. Stopped talking and started walking because became accustomed to situation long ago. It still irks when they do it, though....
Do what?
Move without notice. One time we were at the mall and George said…
“Do you want to catch a movie?”
We had time, girls in fashion-mode, theme formal attire, and Phillip the model of male resistance.
“But…? I don’t want a tuxedo.”
“Be quiet, Dear. We’re shopping, you’re buying.”
So while they went purchasing, we previewed theater offerings.
“Do you want to see Bambi’s Revenge?”
“No.”
George was in a grumpy mood, the Pretzel Parlor’s patron was out to lunch and he took it personal.
“How can they go to lunch? They are lunch.”
Since he was mall-companion, took responsibility by distracting him from baked dough shaped as happy-heads with salt-freckle attributes.
“How about Titanic II: Oops, We Did It Again?”
“I don’t like documentaries.”
Kept perusing advertising posters to find a film of amusement, something to cheer him up, and eyes settled on an adorable picture of baby bulldogs panting into a camera-lens with drool and spittle flowing from puppy jaws. Knew no matter how disappointed in pretzel prohibition, he couldn’t help but enjoy a flick about two pets with asthma issues who save their master from loneliness and isolation.
“Want to see My Pantees?”
When he didn’t answer, repeated...
“Hey! Do you want to see…?”
… until realizing…
“Excuse me?”
… he left.
It took a lot of explaining to get out of the situation.
“You see, Officer, it was all a misunderstanding. I wasn’t asking the sweet, little old lady, I was asking my missing friend, George, if he wanted to see…”
Well, anyway, it’s why the insistence, move within strict speed-limits when present. Unfortunately, don’t have any enforcement authority so it’s a voluntary action sometimes forgotten…
“Hey Yin…!”
… or ignored altogether.
“… wait up!”
Gone, not a crunch or scrunch of twig to indicate movement. Spent what seemed an eternity stumbling through dense underbrush, uncertain it was proper trail until he reappeared with lunch.
“What are they?”
“Grubs.”
Now, not pickiest of diners but do draw a line at oversized maggot meal. Therefore, as he munched worms, began conversing, passing time, trying to ignore image of insecticide. 
“So… uh… how you been?”
“Busy.”
He’s never been a Wolf of words. Guess it’s my fault, tend to become a little gabby when nervous, and since petrified every second of the day, he probably didn’t receive a lot of verbalization opportunities when little. But anyway…
“Where are we going?”
“To visit a friend.”
… knew then things were reverting to chaos, normal state of being with him. Yin doesn’t have friends, plenty of acquaintances and a bunch of underlings, but not friends.
“Seriously, where are we going?”
“To kill a Wolf.”
Should’ve seen it coming, known the guy long enough to realize, never wastes an opportunity.
“Uh… what Wolf?”
“Exactly.”
Turns out, his domination of Second was based on same hierarchy employed everywhere. Except, instead of democracies, dictators and single-party rule reigned. He sat above while those below did their jobs and the Clan, pretty much, ran itself. Which, of course, gave the families in favor, those with most to lose, time to sit around and plot their own demise.
“What did he do?”
“Stole from me.”
The soon-to-be-dead Wolf funneled money, took it out of proper circulation, transplanted, relocated to purchase land. Thief was top dog of Shelter…
(Note: Clan Division; Employment Decision. Ref. 12)
… who devised a nefarious scheme to gain power by making a move on brother’s territory, incorporating every Tribe’s specialty under one roof. You see, in secret, plotter bought tracts of land with oil underneath and began building private labor-camps, forcing convicts to pump petroleum…
Um… Johnny?
Yes?
It’s the same plan you employed to acquire control of Third.
(Note: Superior Triumvirate; Clan Superiority. Ref. 13)
No it isn’t.
Yes it is. It’s virtually identical…
Untrue, thought of it first, so it’s not. And it’s probably copyright infringement or something.  And if he’d kept his head, I’d be suing his… Yaagh!
Watch your language.
What the…?
We told you, no cursing.
But, was going to say… Yaagh!
And no lying.
Assets! I was going to say… Yaagh!
No you weren’t. Sorry, friend, but you’re caught in a conundrum. While speaking, we’ve been monitoring electrical stimulation of vocalization muscles. A correlation has been established, and since translation is quicker than auditory output, interpretation precedes speech.
What?
We know what you’ll say before it’s spoken.
Huh?
We’re able to decipher linguistic thoughts.
You can read my mind?
In a way. You were about to use a forbidden word by way of fabricated replacement. As stated in beginning, we will tolerate nothing but facts, so…
You zapped me?
Yes.
But…
You knew the rules, please continue.
Yet…
You were visiting a Wolf who stole an idea.
Still…
Move along, Johnny.
Fine, so, queried Yin…
“How did you learn of the scheme?”
… and he answered…
“Security Tribe noticed the camp and asked who owned the land. When nobody came forward, Shelter was ordered to halt all further purchases and discover the culprit.”
It was such an obvious trap, couldn’t help but ask.
“And the guy did it?”
“Yes.”
As is generally indicated, first rule of conspiracy, plead ignorance. State the case, incapable of performing whatever act in question.
“Right away?”
“Yes.”
The moron saw opportunity to make gain where loss appeared, chose to purchase Yin’s favor by implementing orders with gusto. Only problem, success, fool actually did as commanded, arrested a patsy to take the fall.
“But didn’t he realize, apprehension admits fault?”
“Nope.”
Now, as should be obvious, the basic ingredient for coup is to hold power in reserve, never use it without anticipating the end game, without alternate plan for misfire, without nerve to go all in. If one has authority, don’t use it, better yet appear inept, then deniability is available. It can be stated, rightly so, no idea what happened under one’s watch. But, must jump in with both feet, be willing to lose power for lack of competence because if not, if suddenly abilities to perform such operations are acceptable, then those above, ones keeping tabs on things, will have but two competing possibilities, dereliction of duty or sabotage.
“So we’re going to…?”
“Rip his head off.”
Thus, found myself on the hunt, trudging thorough foliage with Yin imitating orangutan.
“Where’d he go?”
Guy was playing ape, vine-swinging through jungle as my presence played part of prey, scrambling along, aware at any moment whatsoever, any animal calling the place home could attack and devour without receiving single defense wound in return.
“Dude, would you please come down… Yaagh!”
He reappeared. No warning, no alarm, just scene-shift without explanation. After catching breath, asked…
“How are we going to kill the Wolf?”
… and he answered with the most spot-on prediction of death-design, ever heard.
“Got a helicopter waiting, we’ll board, fly to victim’s home, penthouse of Shelter’s skyscraper, then jump from the copter, kill every guard on the roof, enter residence, and remove said Elder with extreme prejudice.”
And?
And what?
Did you remove with…?
Yeah, didn’t I say it was the most spot-on…?
Yes, yes, sorry. Thought you might elaborate some more.
Nope, wouldn’t do much good.
Why?
Well…
“You want me to do what?”
“Get inside.”
The duffle bag was about four feet tall, large enough to hold whatever items necessary for a vagabond lifestyle. Could probably stuff a pit-bull in the thing, could definitely stuff me.
“And this is safe?”
“Theoretically.”
The idea was simple. Compress me in giant backpack as he leapt from hovering aircraft into open space and dropped like a stone upon tiny, rooftop patio used for backyard entertainment.
“Where?”
“Right there, next to the swimming pool.”
“Swimming…? Wait, you mean the blue dot?”
It began without warning…
“Hold on.”
… and the unprovoked response…
“Yaagh!”
… as things went supersonic. And… well… it’s pretty much all, there’s nothing else to report.
Why? Did you faint?
No, there’s no time for the act. After onset, everything becomes a blur. Actually, more like picture within picture, scene of normalcy but in the corner, just offstage, a flicker develops and entire world alters view.  When witnessing events, at climax where things get settled, pace changes and sight skews. It’s the same way every time…
Are you saying, you’ve never seen them in actual combat?
Not exactly, if it’s a formal challenge and fight lasts long enough, catch them on breaks, in between rounds, tended by Mistresses…
(Note: Superior Challenge; Tag-team Competition. Ref. 14)
… and get an idea, how battle’s going. Then they move and catch them at next rest period to see who got better of whom.
But during the competition?
Stand clueless, immobile, praying not to perish on accident. Usually close eyes to eliminate blinking.
Eliminate what?
Blinking, had a bad encounter once, unaware brother was responding to a boast with advance notice.
“I will taste victory!’
“Yes, you will.”
It was the middle of some dirty village, Yin becoming a force and Wolf faced, player in his own right, an established Alpha. The sun was bright and wind made tiny tornados in parched, arid soil while watching them confront another inside an agreed-upon, imaginary ring, encircled by opponent’s entire family and me, my brother’s keeper or sacrifice, depending on outcome. Sensed change and two events unfolded which still leave me shivering. 
Which were?
A lightning-flash, instant where Yin’s presence shimmered, and one involuntary twitch. Orbital reflex brought upon by dust-mote blown from funneled air. In the moment, pre-blink to post, an image embedded itself eternally.
What was it?
Yin’s fist exiting, rear-throat, stunned challenger’.
Yes, guess it would be a disturbing sight.
True, but it’s not what gives me the chills.
No?
Uh-uh, it’s vocal-chords grasped in his bloody claw which do the trick.
Oh, then the opposing Wolf really did…?
Taste victory? Yep, last tickle of flavor was Yin’s talon, tip of tongue. 
Ugh.
No argument here.
Okay, please continue.
Where…?
Jumping out of plane in a duffle-sack, back-pack.
Oh yeah. Well, we landed, killed the guard-dogs, and relieved Shelter’s Alpha Wolf of command. Not precisely sure how it happened but think it involved a spatula at some point.
A spatula?
Uh-huh.
How…?
Don’t know. Don’t even want to know. Anyway, after leaving the building a limousine waited…
Hold on.
Yes?
After leaving?
Uh-huh.
How did you escape? Weren’t more Security Wolves stationed at the location?
Sure, it was home base of operations, there were a lot more. But remember, with me Yin is perceived harmless. So when we exited the front door they had no sense of who he was, no warning of the threat encountered, and no response to the sudden jerking motion felt at base of skulls when everything, suddenly, clicked shut.
He killed them?
Yep.
But why…?
They failed their duty.
But, they weren’t even aware…
He doesn’t care, got one goal in mind and it does not involve lesser Wolves. Believe, if exterminating every dog on the planet necessary, done without thought.
Okay, so then what happened?
We left, took limo to plane.
And where did you go?
Confrontation Cave.
Because?
Because we were beginning the End of Times and seemed appropriate to do so at where it began.
…
(Break)

Interlude 4: Rules of the Game
It was Classical Age of Earthen development, time of togas, sandals, and intellectual inquiry. The unwitting servants of Superior authority, Mankind, were looking skyward with something new, mathematical calculation. Per standing principles, intervention invoked when certain leaps of evolution occur.
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hello, Nathanial.”
She was at the time, pre-Clan Elder, Madam who ruled a realm with unlimited potential. The empire straddled two continental land-masses, dominated local population, and a world-wide leader in trade exploitation. Her home, royal palace with guards at every turn, an odd arrangement considering they were not Wolves and she, by far, deadliest weapon in the room. Not there by accident. She was appointed.
“I nominate Cleo.”
“… the nomination is approved.”
It was early in development, association not yet formalized, Vampires descendant from original subject matter, direct offspring of initial introductions who underwent Nature’s challenges and responded accordingly. Second generation, astonishingly evolved, with physical attributes of elemental properties, unrestrained force without subtlety. They would later define, but at the time, compelled others to look. Mankind fell to its knees and Superior society took notice.
“We need to do something about this.”
“We agree.”
They met in chamber, first Council, as we appeared in Heavenly fashion. They denied satisfaction of surprise…
“Hello, Monitor.”
… for they were already wise…
“We’ve been waiting for you.”
… and aware, situation. Quizzed repeatedly, we followed pre-authorized guideline practices and responded with generalized authority.
“… you may ask anything, answers provided where permissible. Be aware, though, we are forbidden to interfere…”
The rules were designed with solitary purpose, one winner, the culmination of higher science, natural advancement, and singular desire in physical form. A weapon of one, borne from many, with autonomous self-destruction encoded pre-birth. When replicated all models revert to singular, then none, as natural selection is denied for lack of option. Whoever wins, whatever the cost, will have proven victorious in a war fought openly and in shadows. They will be last of a lethal species with perfected skills. Skills bred to kill, concentrated to individual representation. Single Wolf, sole Vampire, either way, Superior survivor.
“May we lie and cheat?”
“Of course.”
Useful instruments in any type of conflict. An aggressive, flexible mind without physical limitations and rapid-response system designed with defense in mind.
“May we rob and steal?”
“Yes.”
Individuals capable of immersion in all homo-dominant areas of interest…
(Note:  Universal Neighborhood; Solar Segregation System. Ref. 15)
… with visual alteration of course…
(Note: Heavenly Cosmetology; Superior Make-up Artistry. Ref. 16)
… who will rise and reign over everything without opposition, adaptation to environmental challenges etched into genetic code. Any encountered will accede or perish without struggle for a Superior is what it means, the best science has to offer in bio-engineered weaponry. And it, esteemed audience, is the single-subject approach.
“May we torture and kill?”
“If you wish.”
We propose otherwise.
“May we attack Hell itself?”
“If you dare.”
Following invasion estimation formulas, replication of Champion will commence in two phases, one initial, the other ongoing. After planetary infiltration is deemed sufficient, replication will commence with Heavenly oversight until objectives met. It will allow for containment and control. Only the necessary number will be created, and with only one subject represented, continuation as gendered species, eliminated. All will come from one and it will be Wolf or Vamp. Not both. Thus, legacy, impossible due to gender insufficiency. Those left standing will then descend on themselves.
“How long do we have?”
“As long as you need.”
They’ve known from start their part in design constructed and are willing participants who have, as of now, initiated Armageddon and ignited the Apocalypse. Timing never set in stone, fluidity from uncertainty emphasized for success, but origin can be traced to first Council who nominated a Vampire to implement beginnings of what would become Superior domination. Which is why, we’re highlighting such encounter.  
“Mistress Cleo?”
“Yes?”
She would paint the background and set stage for future Superior society, a vast endeavor which, at first glance, appeared chaotic and without form. Due to their immense power and global impact, lasting images were deemed appropriate, constructed, and remain to this day. Seen from space, pyramids, reminders of pre-Clan influence built during waning years of past rule.
“Was it the last stone?”
“Yes, Nathanial, it was. And now it’s time to leave.”
The second stage of Superior domination began when monuments to her kind erected. The world would soon tremble and break, civilizations disappear without a trace, as recession signaled change from overt to covert, direct control relinquished, grasping a higher power, influence at the lower level.
…

Session 5: Design Confirmation
Here you go.
Thanks. Hey, who do you think was the first to try this?
What, ice cream?
Yeah, who do you think was the first person to say ,‘Boy some frozen cow juice would be darn satisfying’?
Don’t have any…?
Bet it was the Eskimos.
Eskimos?
Uh-huh, those hearty folk living on the North Pole, probably them who thought it up. Heard they had three-hundred variations of snow.
What are you talking about?
Think about it, who would come up with three-hundred versions for anything? Tell you who. Bored people are who. Guessing, someone pointing out the tiny differences between frozen water most likely had a lot of time on their hands. Maybe, sitting in igloos, munching elk or some other northern critter, when someone blurted ‘Man, could sure go for some sweetened, frozen reindeer fluid!’
Reindeer fluid?
Yeah, the sweetened, frozen kind.
Okay, fascinating. But do you think we could begin again?
Sure, where…?
You and your brother flew to the Confrontation Cave.
(Note: Confrontation Cave; Pit of Confrontation. Interchangeable titles indicating historical location where Superior society began seeding Wolf hierarchy. Ref. 17)
Right, so the ride over was not memorable. Yin stored me in the cargo hold where pet-passengers sat. No snacks, drinks, or movie. Only me and private thoughts which always equals, bad idea. Don’t know how long remained, no clock on the wall, pondering ways to perish on a plane. Can’t recall number reached, but it was pretty high by the time arrival procedures began. Not sure you’re aware, but there’s no announcement down there, so when landing-gear dropped, brain went berserk, and body responded normally…
Flop
… by disconnecting till needed.   
“Johnny.”
“Huh?”
“Wake up.”
Opened eyes to find solid stone interior, empty cavern, chilly air, shadows dancing everywhere. Sat up and looked around to observe entire family present. A sense of security, bonding, developed lending warmth to surroundings, and thoughts of sitting all day, basking in brilliance, entered peripheral view.
“Get up.”
Then, remembered place and jumped erect.
“Okay.”
Wasn’t sure of proper procedure to follow, never had a reunion before, stood considering how to begin when Yin’s voice bellowed throughout the cavern…
“It’s time to begin Council.”
… immediately followed by George and Phillip’s instinctual reply…
“Who made you, boss?”
… and wondered, maybe, wiser to issue ground-rules before get-together. Luckily, girls were present…
“Boys!”
… and Wolves grudgingly did as ordered, allowing those who should supervise, ability to do so. It started with a quick huddle as Vamps formed a circle and began whispering. Made way over to offer insight on how meeting should be held…
“Johnny.”
“Yes?”
“Go away.”
… and bounced back to the guys, standing around, waiting to be told… well… something. Got uncomfortable, decided to thaw tension by way of introductions.
“Yin, this is George and…”
“I know who they are.”
Recognizing my brother, already aware of the infamous Wolves of LeTorque, turned to the others and said...
“George, Phillip, this is…”
“We know who he is.”
… which led to a weird, stony silence. Now, never been a fan of the non-gossip, especially when anxious, so tried a different tactic by interjected a subject every sports lover agreed not to agree upon.
“How about them Cowboys?”
If one can believe, became colder. With icy glares of three Wolves bearing down from above, retreated to converse with one being, thought wouldn’t kill me.
“Hey, Daemon.”
“Hi, Uncle Johnny.”
He was sitting on his rump, playing with something.
“What have you got there?”
Couldn’t see clearly because cave’s gloom made it difficult. Resembled a small, black, furry ball of some sort. Bent down to get a better look, but again, had hard time because torchlight didn’t extend to floor level. So, squinted and…
“Yaagh!”
… screamed when the thing moved. Not like an autonomous toy. It was different, the action of independent life, skitter of a tarantula.
“Is it…?”
“Uh-huh, it’s Speedy.”
Don’t believe brain comprehended at first. Assumed, since we were in Antarctica, thought-patterns wouldn’t allow for the creature. Don’t believe insects survive in the deep-deep South.
They don’t.
Okay, good, like it when brain guesses correctly. Anyway…
“You brought your spider with you?”
“Uh-huh.”
He found the arachnoid when we visited dessert-dune country. Didn’t think much at the time because… well… he’s a child with supernatural powers and figured, creepy crawly wouldn’t last one day before kid forgot. As it turned out, hairy little bugger became, favorite pet.
“And why did you bring him along?”
“For company.”
This may sound absurd, but actually dislike the critter. Quite certain because, it’s rather disgusting-looking but there’s also another, underlying aspect. Think Speedy comprehends and enjoys tormenting others.
What?
Seriously, first time really became aware of its devious ways was when nephew asked…
“Uncle Johnny?”
“Yes?”
“Have you seen…?”
… and found it crawling inside pant-leg.
“Yaagh!”
From then on, it was one creepy location after another. Laundry basket…
“Yaagh!”
… cereal box…
“Yaagh!”
… socks…
“Yaagh!”
… and every other nook it found to frighten and terrorize. Know what some may think, why not squish the bug? The answer, sadly, is fear and response. Whenever the little interloper was encountered, it would stare back with eighty mirrored eyes and fainting followed, giving Daemon the opportunity to place creature back in aquarium until terrifying incident forgotten…  till remembered… and then repeated… again and again. Got to the point, brought subject up at dinner-table one time.
“I think we should get rid of Daemon’s pet.”
“Uh… Johnny?”
“Yes, George?”
“He’s on your fork.”
“Yaagh!”
So anyway, don’t like Speedy and think feeling’s mutual. But, not one to hold grudges. Wasn’t distaste which caused confusion. Honestly curious…
“How is he alive?”
… and discovered something trippy.
Which was?
Daemon can speak to spiders.
What?
Dude, he leaned over and… well… somehow communicated with Speedy who hopped in the palm of his hand and began a dance of some sort. Trudy said action combined with body heat kept the little bug alive in ice-cube land. Was weird, though, swear it was waltzing at one point.       
Fascinating.
Uh-huh, but anyway, about then, girls finished communion and called meeting to order. Melissa was elected speaker for some reason or another.
“… the original design shall remain in place. Once victory is assured, truce lifted, and final conflict commences. As agreed, in the end, there will be but one…”
Focused on faces, every perfect feature, wondering if any bluffed in poker. Expressions gave no insight to thoughts and all stood silent, set in place, awaiting word to proceed.
“… and therefore, dear family, a wish and prayer we meet again in another time and place.”
It was end of reunion, no embrace or kissing cheeks, merely single nods of approval and slight smiles as each pondered secret schemes. Searched for a sign of things to come, found none, and made way toward two engaged from the beginning.
“Hey, guys, wait up!”
They turned together and step faltered. It’s unnerving, their gaze, got some strange spellbinding…
It’s the aura.
Huh?
We imbued them with perfection, Johnathon. Sight, sound, taste, touch and feel are apex considerations when comparing three dimensional life-forces.
What?
They’re viewed as demi-gods.
Oh, okay, makes sense…
“So, uh… guess this is it.”
Didn’t know what to expect, it was the ending chapter, last conference and we, once more, separating to fulfill destiny or die trying.
“We might not see each other again.”
Probably hoping for inspiration, a sudden burst of imagination indicating direction, but Yin and Merri Li were stoic throughout.
“Last chance for a family hug.”
Watched them board same plane, stood still as it flew away, and wondered if world was ready to rumble. Don’t know how long remained, conceptualizing possibilities of change, when thoughts interrupted and reality restored …
“Uncle Johnny?”
 “Yes, Daemon?”
… by return to anarchy…
“Have you seen…?”
“Yaagh!”
… and blissful unconsciousness.
…
(Break)

Interlude 5: Convincing Cleopatra
For thousands of years, Superior-kind roamed the world without worry, openly taking what desired and devouring resources at will. They were unopposed, unmerciful, unsatisfied.
“Hello, Mistress Cleo.”
“Hello, Nathanial.”
We rode in a chariot, imperially dressed, surrounded by warriors on all sides. The persona taken, advisor, one of many employed throughout the study.
“Won’t you miss all this?”
“No, Nathanial, I will not.”
The entire affair, a complete restructuring of society was nearing completion. The wars began as most with whispered words from a vision of such delight, mortal male was helpless to resist.
“Hello, Julius.”
“Hello, Mistress.”
It was not she who visited, but another chosen by Council to impart advice.
“Go to battle, expand the empire, all but one are within your grasp.”
The man conquered everything in sight. It was the unseen which stood opposed.
“The land is surrounded by desert sand, impossible to seize.”
He became infatuated with ideas of total dominion and sent an emissary across the vast emptiness surrounding her kingdom. To surrogate’s surprise, he was met by the graceful Vampire herself.
“Hello, Brutus.”
“Hello, Mistress.”
She was following predetermined plans devised in forum by first Coven. One witnessed and recorded for any who wish to pursue further…
(Note: Vamp Council; Superior Female Conspiracy. Ref. 18)
… a fascinating account of upper minds thinking alike. The plan was gender by design and the subject-matter chosen for exploitation, Mankind. Namely, the ‘man’ part.
“Will you do something for me, Brutus?”
“I would die for you, Mistress.”
She sent him back with an answer the Council previously endorsed.
“Mistress Cleo states she, like her kingdom, cannot be conquered or mastered by any force. They will give their lives to the last if situation calls for it…”
We stood present in Senatorial fashion with full toga-wear and laurel-leaf headgear as the two spoke. It was deemed appropriate not to intervene for the plan, quite straightforward.
“… but did say, she was open to a partnership.”
Unite the world outside to one within, Julius’ realm and Cleo’s kingdom. He, of course, was somewhat apprehensive to the idea.
“She wants to marry?”
“Yes, and you will rule together.”
The man, after all, did own the entire civilized world. At least, the part worth owning.
“Why would we wed when I can take it all?”
The answer came in form of a gift.
“My dear friend, you sent me, you’re most trusted advisor to the land of sand, an oasis in a desert, with orders to observe and recommend whether we could, or should, attempt acclimation. Upon arrival, I was thrilled and awed with the work being done. As we speak, they’re constructing giant triangles to honor rulers of particular importance, mapping the skies, and building a library of written words. Incredible things, oh-so-virulent Caesar…”    
As orator spoke, a carpet was brought forth on shoulders of two others.
“… but there is no need for war because I, Brutus, your servant and ally, have returned with a gift of such profound value, scales cannot weigh.”
The carpet was unfurled and idea of First-Covent design, unrolled for all to see.
“Hello, Julius...”
Gulp
She materialized before his eyes, a beauty of such magnitude the man’s cardio-respiratory system stopped, mid-beat, in stunned fascination…
“… my name is Cleo…”
… enthralled by a burst of chemicals released instinctually by Inferiors within Superior company...
“… from Cairo…”
… company with eyes focused on female figure, a Superior with singular purpose…
“… but you may call me Mistress...”
… one which first Coven coveted...
“… we will unite and the world will follow.”
… realignment of Mankind to their liking, voluntary or otherwise. The beginnings of Matriarchal rule.
…

Session 6: Mistress Mandate
Here you go.
Thanks.
No problem.
Puff
Puff
Wow, this is really good.
Yes, Humans may be a nuisance but they grow amazing tobacco products. The cigar in hand is a Cuban.
Kind of sweet, but with a kick.
It’s dipped in rum. Also from Cuba.
Tasty little country they’ve got there.
Yes, it is. So anyway…
You want me to start talking again, don’t you?
Of course, it is your Confessional after all.
True, um…?
Leaving the Confrontation Cave.
Oh yeah, well, after watching Yin and Merri Li depart, rest of us boarded a plane, flew back to Dallas, landed, disembarked, and began plans to take over the world.
Hold on.
Yes?
You left out details of the flight. We assume, there’s little chance you could fly without embarrassment.
You’d be wrong.
How’s so?
I can fly without problems, just need the correct motivation.
Which is?
Well…
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Trudy?”
“Look into my eyes.”
… the hypnotic, Vampire kind. 
(Note: While many claim mesmerizing effects from sight alone, the introduction of Superior pheromones plays a significant role. When within distance and under influence, Humanity, incapable of denying, Mistress commands.)
It’s peculiar, though.
What?
Well, consenting opinion says when somebody wakes from a trance they feel wonderful, rested, and ready for action.
And you don’t?
Nope.
How do you feel?
Always get a headache, little pinprick in middle of forehead. It happens every time, tricked by the old ‘look into my eyes’ routine. Seriously, who’s not going to look? Know what I mean?
Sadly, Johnny, we do know what you mean. And on a sadder note, we also know, you don’t know what you mean.
Huh?
They’re not seducing you. Your presence won’t allow it.
Huh?
You’re immune from their charms.
Then what…?
They’ve been duping you. While caught in gaze, tapped with fingernail, enough to knock unconscious and generally safe where welfare’s concerned…
What?
Now, don’t get upset…
Why, those little… Yaagh!
Remember, this is still in a medically controlled setting…
… lousy… Yaagh!
Okay, while one sits shivering in pain, time will be made to give another side of the story. We were present and witnessed the decision. Please understand, they had best wishes in mind. The problem was blood, it’s of Superior stock and thus, influence is futile. Furthermore, inferior sedation was eliminated by side-effects of agitation and insomnia, ironically, leaving very few remaining remedies… 
Huh?
It was safer to knock you out physically than chemically.
But…
If it’s any consolation, the girls felt horrible. They even asked opinion on probabilities of your prolonged existence in presence of Superior passengers during air travel.
“Nat?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“What are the odds Johnny dies if he gets on a plane with …”
So, a decision made and information provided, proper pressure-point positioning for short-term memory loss.
Huh?
They thumped you unconscious for your own protection. Now, move along.
Oh, uh…
Arriving in Dallas.
Right…
“Hello, everyone, I’m Tim Tidbit and this is Channel Five News at Five…”
… the initial foray actually involved yourself. Remember when Melissa requested an appearance on television?
Of course.
Well, it was the start.
“… we’re interrupting programming to bring breaking news. Today, for the first time since his remarkable proclamation of Hell’s intention, the being exclusively interviewed by this station will be making a further announcement.”
Still recall watching from a safe house as the camera zoomed and caught your image, full Martian-mode, all bug-eyed, green-skinned.
It’s a representation of alien life acceptable to Humanity, Johnny.
You looked like a giant pea-pod with limbs.
Please continue.
Okay, well, there were your brief words…
“Hello again, beings of Earth, time will not be wasted by repeating past mistakes. Instead, another will perform the chore…”
… and then sister spoke.
“Hello, this is Mistress Melissa LeTorque, Matriarch and Elder of Third Clan. I would like to thank Channel Five’s broadcast crew in advance for their professional appearance and zeal in constructing this conference room on such short notice. Since we own this station, they will be rewarded with financial incentives the rest of their lives. Okay, on to other things. As you should be aware, the supernatural-being to my left is named Nate Hallowed and he is a Monitor from Heaven. For those with attention spans without disorder, you will remember him as the messenger who delivered news of Armageddon’s arrival. For those with dysfunction, he will appear familiar, yet unrecognizable. Either way, recalled or not, you have deluded yourselves, taken information imparted and discarded the gift, thrown it away as the ramblings of a visionary without viewpoint, as someone who could somehow enter the consciousness of everybody, everywhere, at the same time, issue identical decree, but still be eliminated as fiction. What’s further astonishing is your very own prophecies predict the arrival, yet still you deny his existence. But do not lament, it is not your fault, you were born in doubt…”
Wasn’t sure she was best Vamp for situation, never heard her clarify position on postwar population, so turned volume up.
“… what is your fault, you insufficient underlings, is the lack of urgency needed to fix the problem. For it, you have our undivided attention. From this moment forward the Trades will accept authority over all. You will notice our presence in everything you do. From mortgage holder to food-provider to sentry at the station, we own every business of worth and intend to flex our collective might. We will no longer provide services without proper compensation and the price for our goods and your survival have increased dramatically. I understand this will startle many but shouldn’t. You viewed the program before. If you remember the first sensation when Nate made his declaration, then you’ll recall the feeling, the shock and clarity, the positional weakness occupied. It is the initial stage of grief and arrives whenever world-shattering events unfold. It is the phenomena experienced when hearing Hell’s name from Heaven’s lips. It is the feeling you will encounter when our kind enter world perception. We are no longer comfortable in the shadows of night. Therefore, you will be uncomfortable in the light of day...”
Stopped paying attention around then.
Why?
Because she speaks spooky at times.
It got worse.
Really?
Yes, at one point human-waste took on a whole new meaning.
She is inventive.
Yes, she is. Okay, let’s stop for a second and get some clarification.
Okay.
Explain your position on the total timeline of this recantation.
Huh?
How far along in the story are you?
You know how far, you were in the scene itself.
It’s not for our benefit, Johnny. The audience may wish to know location for orientation purposes.
Okay, well, if it was a three-part play, we’d be in middle of Act One.
What would you title it?
Probably ‘Preparation’.
And Act Two?
‘Invasion’, and before asking, Act Three would be ‘Conclusion’. We’re talking Armageddon, doesn’t take long.
Okay, thank you. Please, go on.
All right. Uh… let’s see…
You were in middle of Preparation, at a safe house, taking over the world.
Oh right, well, the plan was both long-term and short. First, supervise supplication and readiness of Americas Defense Force by employing Third Clan’s vast power and influence by ensuring troublemakers, those who might balk at such a request, removed from picture. For success, you were kept in the dark.
 Because of the Non-Interference Clause?
Uh-huh. We were about to hit some important players and the phrase ‘plausible deniability’ appeared every time your name came up. To avoid inadvertent slip of tongue, we separated, leaving Melissa as liaison, and went to work.
…
(Break)

Interlude 6: Snake in Paradise
The retreat of Superior Society from overt domination to covert manipulation was a necessary step for overall success.  While assured the outcome, percentage-wise, a winning bet every time, some tremble of doubt as plan took action. Should not have worried.
“Hello, Mistress Cleo.”
“Hello, Nathanial.”
Those who monitor take vows seriously. It is the very vows, though, which cause an emotion feared and craved equally, the cringing feeling of unknown when interest at stake. It is with admission, we relate final chapter, First Coven design for Superior kind to evolve beyond itself.
“Is everything proceeding as planned?”
“Of course, now be a good bodyguard and get the door for me.”
The time arrived in rapid fashion after Julius answered…
“Yes!”
… to a Mistress’ question of…
“Will you…?”
… and the wedding of two civilizations occurred. Afterward, she returned home while Caesar remained behind. The reasoning, for those who would ponder such thoughts, was for appearances sake.
“How was he when you left?”
“You weren’t monitoring?”
“No, for Clause purposes, discretion employed.”
“Thank you, Nathanial.”
“You’re welcome, Mistress. Now, how was he when you left?”
“A blubbering mess.”
Vampires control through subtle domination of partnered mate, in every instance, Wolf. Ones designed without fear or submissive qualities. An amazing talent to possess for dogs held at bay with invisible tethers would run rampant throughout and nothing could oppose. They, therefore, willingly restrict baser instincts at request of those mated.
(Note: Superior Relationships; Vampire-Werewolf Dominatrix Deal. Ref. 19)
This acquiescence occurs at the infinite level, coding of gene itself. Since written without flaw, result is a being which can harness power of unmatchable fury and release upon command. It’s what makes them perfected weapons with purpose.
“And Brutus?”
“What about him?”
Also, makes them Mankind’s’ masters.
“Is he also a blubbering mess?”
“No, my dear friend, he’s a conniving backstabber on a mission.”
The plan, as alluded earlier, was direct. Take control of civilized world and restructure to provide appropriate design, one which Cleo’s pre-Clan Coven took further by subconsciously reinforcing supremacy through architectural construction of hierarchal representations in myriads of pyramids.
“Why are we building these things?”
“To honor the gods.”
After choosing Julius, a promising leader in Human circles, and providing insight through visiting Vampire influence, the world resembled a wreath, outside which he owned and hole in its center where Mistress Cleo’s realm lay waiting to be claimed. In order to speed things along, first Council devised the idea of mutual acceptance under one rule through marriage. Only problem...
Grrr
... Wolves.
Growl
They would not allow Human to touch a Vamp let alone marry one. And the thought of a Mistress partnering with Inferior is something farcical at face value. Their beauty is not unapproachable, it’s unobtainable, a treasure to behold. As such, Wolves treat them with reverence and one does not let men touch such things. Therefore, some prenuptials agreed upon and a suddenly swift ceremony went thusly.
“Do you, Julius…?”
“Yes!”
It was held in a grand Coliseum, audience dressed in white linen watching a leader bend the knee…
“… and do you further promise to obey Mistress Cleo’s every command, including cooking, cleaning, laundry…”
“Yes!”
… in front of his own people…
“… and walk on fours like the mangy mutt you are…”
“Yes!”
… who were so enchanted with her presence they would happily trade places with their emperor, prone at feet, promising anything desired without questioning reason.
“… and remain thirty steps behind at all times unless specifically called upon…”
“Yes!”
The ceremony ended as begun, all eyes on one. And then she spoke.
“To my new subjects, hello, I am Mistress Cleo, and my land is now one with yours. I welcome your input and hope you visit soon. As for me, I’m returning now.”
She left after issuing first formal command from Superior queen to Inferior king.
“Go to every province under your control and declare our partnership. Make sure all understand, they will start acting civilized. I want laws enacted to ensure a proper chain of command is developed and the papers delivered to my representative no later than three nights…”
“Yes, Mistress!”
The man’s mind was a conflicted minefield of perceived expectations and delivered reality. He thought himself, luckiest guy in the universe. Ludicrous, for in no realm was it possible for one such as he to converse with any like her. She was beyond reach and out of sight when describing qualities. Unfortunately for him, the opposite was not true.
“Et tu, Brute?”
To end entry of Superior history we employ the KISS stratagem coined, coincidentally, by Inferior minds. Keeping it stupidly simple, one need only recall the math. Three players, two male, one female, single goal, dual domination.
“Sorry, Julius, but she is mine.”
Masculine aggression for mating purposes is a historical fact in coupled-species survival manuals. Found throughout time, widely embraced, and easily understood at innate level. Which, of course, has led some with nefarious purposes to use it for self-gain. The Love Triangle, as it’s called, has been the vehicle by which countless victims found themselves threatened by knifepoint, wielded by another known or not, who then followed through with act of most-savage selfishness.
“You will wait until all have heard, I am queen. Afterward, when he returns, perhaps, in a ceremony of sorts, plunge a dagger in his spine and declare yourself Emperor.”
“Yes, Mistress!”
The First Vampire Council approved annexation of Clan territory and subsequent assassination of man who thought himself king. With accumulation acquired, the last hurdle was overcome, retreat without sacrificial influence. Superior kind acknowledging an early grasp of higher species specialization. Why work, when others will do it for you?
“Nathanial, did you witness the last act?”
“Yes, Mistress.”
“Tell me about it.”
Brutus was torn to shreds by the crowd who were outraged one of their own murdered a national hero, a man who’d conquered the known world and then took more without single scratch to show for it. Furthermore, he snatched the prize of prizes, Empress from the East, a beauty from land within. When the mob was through, only remains of one who would make a mark in Human historical references as backstabbing coward was a patch of dirty loincloth, reminder of last thoughts…
“Uh-oh”
… as truth finally grasped. He was used by another...
“… his legs were fed to the dogs, arms to pigs, entrails to…”
… a Vampire preparing, greatest vanishing act ever.
“Are you ready?”
“Yes, Nathanial, I am.”
We bore personal witness upon entering throne-room and confirming all in place. Two Human guards at entrance and exit points, unaware they would verify fiction, victims of Superior staging. The scene unfolded expeditiously, Mistress Cleo lying on a bed when snake of venomous nature appeared, slithered, and struck. The sentries with unquestionable motives, left to relate the tale of an empress with unblemished reputation and unmatchable looks, cruelly taken in early stages of her oh-so promising life. Even worse were the circumstances leading to such a tragedy. The king she recently mated was murdered by his best friend before marriage consummated and heir produced. All, after the world united and power centered under command of two whom, at least on papyrus paper, equaled one. Everything might have fallen apart. Except it didn’t. For it couldn’t. It was predestined to proceed.
“The Queen is dead!”
The Queen, obviously wasn’t dead, Cleo was a Vampire with traits associated, her immune system could not be overcome by poisons of an Inferior source and threat of death by lucky arterial strike also unsupportable for Superior wounds heal before fangs fully exit perfected flesh. Which of course, was a problem…
“She was bitten! Look, you can see the marks!”
… since the overall goal was retreat, enter background, and control things from behind. Mistress Cleo, therefore, had to die for the system to survive, one where civilized nations cooperate on economic scale to provide proper setting for future Clan control.
(Note: Superior Economic Success; Corporate Ladder Climb, Ref. 20)
Hence…
“One shall be chosen to inflict the bite, blended so others will not see, bound by oath to administer non-threatening injury or face punishment of united Vampire vengeance with intent to extend and exceed all known torture techniques. Will this suffice, Mistress Cleo?”
“It does, Mistress Council.”
… an invisible Madam left her mark on the neck of a sister, a mark intended to deceive, a mark of misdirection which remained visible for a period of time as Vampire blood challenge another and the world of Inferiors took tentative steps ahead when Superior kind retreated. Oddly, a forward leap in time.
…

Session 7: Loose End Elimination
You okay now?
Yeah, sorry.
No need to explain. The expulsion of unused material is a biological necessity employed by most and approved by Nature.
What?
Pooping and peeing are not uncommon events.
Oh, okay. Gross… but okay.
Please continue.
Sure, uh… where…?
Post-return, Dallas, Mistress Melissa acting liaison for Clause purposes, implementation of Clan control.
Right, so while you and sis did the television thing, rest of us began righting wrongs and initiating end of everything. We started with a family in our particular sphere of employment…
Shelter.
Yes, Shelter. Since we ran things tribal wise, the next logical step was challenge for Clan Eldership which, of course, made me Alpha Wolf Supreme...
Johnny.
Yes?
You’re not really a Wolf, let alone Alpha, least of all Supreme. Oh, we’ll give credit, you played the game magnificently and found yourself with a title. But let’s be realistic. Any of your kind anywhere at any time could end your existence without any actual effort.
Dude, this is my Confession, and I’ll tell it like I want.
Fine, but please, leave the self-aggrandizing for another time.
Another…?
Okay, those may have been a bad choice of...
This is the End of Times, Nat, by definition ‘another’ is impossible.
Yes, pardon the miscommunication, but if you wouldn’t mind…
Don’t worry. I’ll keep the self-esteem in check.
Thank you.
You’re welcome. Okay, let’s see… oh yeah… we were heading out to get payback on a group known for a while, the MacMays…
Freddie and Fannie’s family?
The very ones.
Wondered what happened to them?
You didn’t get the video?
Of course, but it was useless, corrupted on some level.
Well, now you’ll find out. Turns out, there’d been bad blood brewing between Phillip and Freddie for some time. It began long before the LeTorque were adopted so, naturally, curiosity prevailed.
“Trudy?”
 “Yes, Johnny?”
We were riding in a giant sedan with myself, rear-seat occupant . Which incidentally, is probably best place considering the aggressive nature Wolves take when driving weapons of steel and flammable propellant. 
“Why does Phillip hate Freddie?”
Trudy was up front.
“Because Freddie made a bad decision.”
Everyone else was somewhere else. Before inquiring, don’t, haven’t a clue. Not good with location and LeTorque’s business based in Shelter, so housing never considered.
“What was it?”
“He refused to give Phillip the credit, deserved.”
It’s interesting talking with Vamps, their seduction so subtle, one doesn’t recognize effect till session ends. Anyway, leaned back and listened to the lovely voice tell a story. 
“It began when we first entered the Clan, newly mated but unattached. We’d soon meet George and Vivian but beginnings of this part of history belong to us, don’t they, Dear.”
“Yes, Honey.”
They do it while talking, ping-ponging back and forth which puts others at ease for some reason…
It’s because…
… a reason, unimportant and irrelevant to the story.
Oh, sorry.
Anyway, she continued…
“… so, after choosing occupation, we were in the process of home-shopping when Fannie was introduced by …”
Now, some might think, a trance or dream, but they’d be mistaken. When she spoke, every word remembered in exacting auditory detail with pristine clarity. Suppose it has something so do with chemical makeup…
It’s because…
… but again, immaterial to plot. However, what was material, the subject-matter alteration.
“I thought this was about Freddie?”
“It is, but he comes later. Now, relax and listen.”
“Okay.”
So sat there perfectly content as she explained the purpose for committing mass multiple-homicide.
“As I was saying, we met Fannie-May the usual way, commercially, through Shelter’s Early-Entry Interest Program which was used for enticing promising participants like us to choose their occupation at earliest moment possible and then lock them in with discounted savings over course of the loan to keep them in proper employment. It’s been a profitable idea and economic success which is why we’ve kept the program in place. It is a bit strange, since we now own what Phillip was denied and employ Freddy to administer the chore.”
“What?”	
“Don’t worry. I’ll clear it up in a minute. Now, at the time we weren’t established, with lots to learn, but knew the truth about Phillip’s abilities so house-hunted according to income probability. Fannie went out of her way to find an adorable chateau on a cliff overlooking the ocean and Phillip went to Freddie for a credit calculation. Now, Freddie was courting Fannie at the time, who viewed him as possible Alpha material, which was probably the reason for such a horrible blunder…”
“Or he’s an idiot.”
“Yes, Dear, or he’s an idiot. And idiot we’ve promoted time and time again for his brilliance in finance…”
“Doesn’t mean he’s not an idiot.”
“Which is true. And which is why, we’re allowing time to properly show Freddie your displeasure…”
“I’m going to rip his head off.”
“Yes, something already established. But Johnny was asking ‘why’ the action, so please keep your eyes on road and let me answer his question.”
“Okay.”
 “Now, as I was saying, Freddie was eyeing Fannie with promotional consideration when Phillip walked through the doors. Not sure, but suspect, Freddie was a little intimidated by our big hunk of Wolf and unfortunately responded defensively…
DENIED
… which caused Phillip to retaliate with a challenge. Now, as relayed, Freddie was watched from above and fairly high on the list for further responsibilities, but Phillip was something else, an Alpha without a doubt. Those above could not deny their own eyes for they truly are an exception…”
“Thank you, Honey”
“You’re welcome, Dear. Now, slow down so I can finish the story before you eliminate Freddie.”
“Okay.”
“To continue, the Elders reacted by denying the challenge, declaring Phillip ineligible due to brevity of service. But in a money-saving move the council also soothed Phillip’s wounded pride by offering consolation, a six-room brownstone overlooking the river and prominent standing within Shelter’s community. We of course, protested, stating we would eventually own what was offered. They, in turn, replied with a mischievous response.”
“What was it?”
“If Phillip killed Freddie he’d inherit the office and workload involved. Don’t be fooled, it was an enormous amount.”
“I could handle it.”
“I’m sure you could, Dear, now take a left, we’re almost there.”
As the vehicle slowed, destination came into view, a complex of buildings without aesthetic appeal. It may seem abnormal, Trade’s home-base of Shelter located in a drab warehouse-district surrounded by security-fencing announcing twenty-thousand volts to whoever gave breaking-and-entering a serious thought. But the answer was more numeric, Shelter wasn’t there to impress, they were there for money.
“… so Freddie lived because Phillip was promoted, and in all honesty, reluctant to tackle the daily operations of Home Stewardship…”
“Have you seen the amount of paperwork they deal with?”
“Yes, Dear, it is a lot. Now, pull over and park.”
He did as asked. She continued the story while opening passenger door and exiting. I followed because it seemed appropriate. Phillip opened his side and vanished.
“… so to make a long story short, Freddy’s life is on lease. The first chance, instant a mistake is made, Phillip will respond. It, by the way, was turn-of-century time.”
“What?”
“Freddy’s not made a mistake, at least not a terminal one, since the last millennia.”
She spoke as we moved on a sidewalk leading to the guard house where a Wolf waited, Shelter’s sentry.
“Are you saying…?”
“I’m saying, Freddy’s been an exemplary employee, beaten his previous numbers every year since denying Phillip credit. Now, nobody says it openly but everyone knows, when Freddy fails, Freddy dies.”
“But he hasn’t failed.”
We stood five feet from the security checkpoint, a guard-house with two entrances, one pedestrian, other automotive. Inside, a Wolf spied us fully in light from streetlamp above. Dwarfing surroundings, he glared through a window with intense interest, sensing something different but unable to place. Unfortunately, it would cost his life.
“No, Johnny, Freddy hasn’t failed…”
Trudy admitted the fact while stepping forward and tapping glass partition with perfectly manicured fingernail. The Wolf’s reaction, predictable, his brain in contradictory state, eyes saying one thing while baser instinct, one relied upon to detect truth, compromised in my presence. He saw her Superior, thought her Inferior, two states impossible to rectify. Confusion evident for split second when eyes wandered where she wished. On a finger, tapping glass, demanding attention. He should’ve known better.
“… but as was always understood, Freddy’s days were numbered…”
Behind the guard, with eerie silence, entrance opened inward.   
“… and since last days are here, it appears his usefulness has come to an end.”
Happened without preamble, the Wolf’s head was there, then absent. Phillip was never seen but left a trail. After the act, we walked with confidence… well… Trudy strode with confidence, I followed in terrified transfixion as she spoke in luxurious detail about feats Freddy had been able to accomplish.
“… and then he persuaded taxpayers to back the bonds which paid for the overpriced stadiums so even if teams declare bankruptcy as a whole, we still make money…”
While moving, shapes began flowing in our direction. Security Wolves under Shelter contract wondering who would visit a secure, locked-down complex in middle of night.
“… so anyway, a little part of me will miss Freddy and Fannie…”
As she illuminated the story, each silhouette, one by one, disappeared when a true Wolf began exacting long-overdue revenge. Kind of like fishing with a bobber, one second there and the next... plop… not. It was fascinating and frightening at same time which is probably why, implication barely caught.
“You’re going to kill Fannie too?”
“Well, of course, Dear.”
We found the MacMays in main conference room, huddled in conversation, watching cameras reveal carnage on multiple screens. Phillip left nothing to chance so none survived.
“Everyone?”
“Yes, all of them.”
He eliminated each threat, any semblance of resistance. The last two standing, unaware we were close by, a mere twenty feet to the rear, my power in play. They turned by chance and time altered when two events happened at once. Disbelief, they could possibly be surprised. Relief, the time had finally arrived.
“Hello, Trudy.”
“Hello, Fannie.”
Remember remaining still, been there before, two Vamps squaring off, walking, talking, circling, planning and plotting the next move which always arrives with a ripple.
A what?
Ripple, the slight pause during female fight scenes. Believe it’s because they move too fast, eyes can’t follow so brain snaps two pictures, before and after. From before perspective, both ladies calm, arrogant, probing another, waiting for the opportunity to strike when…
Wham
… aftermath revealed, Trudy standing over Fannie’s freshly severed head. Only problem, directly behind with claws extended, teeth barred, leaping to attack, Freddie, Alpha male, Third Clan.
Oh my.
Uh-huh, scary picture. Thank goodness Wolves don’t move the same. Instead of two, single snap taken. No pause, ripple, or warning, not even a blur. One moment when all looked lost and then…
Splat
… the image of Phillip looming over Freddy’s remains. Didn’t even glimpse body hit floor. Recall standing stunned, unable to process carnage till silence broken with questionable calm.
 “Ready to go?”
“Yes, Dear.”
So we left the MacMay’s, empty shells of selves and began Operation Homeless-Shelter, but before departing, the victorious Vampire produced phone and made a call…
“Hello, is this Security?”
“Yes?”
… reminding everyone, their place in life, and orders…
“Good, this is Trudy LeTorque, Elder of Third Clan. Please send additional forces to replace those recently terminated…”
… to clean the mess, left behind.
…
(Break)

Interlude 7: Mortgage Management
It may assist audience, whether Superior or Heavenly, to give overall picture, a conceptualized version of world reaction. Therefore, in attempt to clarify, a relation of events outside Defendant’s viewpoint by way of Melissa as counterpoint and muse.
“Hello, Nate.”
“Hello, Mistress.”
We made it a habit to call upon her while the rest of LeTorque were out of contact, hidden by Confessor’s trait. As per norm, location was Manor, a grandiose palace appropriately suited for family controlling habitation and we materialized downstairs, living quarters, biding time till Madam appeared.
“What are you watching?”
“Human reaction.”
She came attired in a simple black dress without further adornment, no make-up, jewelry, or perfume. For those lacking cosmetic tutelage, a majority of the female population on planet apply paste, trinkets, and floral arraignments to entice or seduce, male counterparts. The fact, those males are aware of the process yet allow its employment is a question left for another time.
“What are they saying?”
“They want to go home.”
The program was unfolding on two-dimensional, high-definition screen. It should provide a good example of technological capabilities subjects currently possess, planet-bound but making forays into space.
“Are you recording this?”
“Of course. I record everything.”
Which was true.
“Hello, this is Tim Tidbit with Channel Five, Five and Five-thirty News. Thank you for joining us and we hope you have a wonderful day. Up first, mass migration. Beginning this very morning at the stroke of eight, millions of homeowners were evicted from houses and told not to return. For more, we go to Wally Thornburg on location at City Hall. Wally, are you there?”
“Right here, Tim!”
The previous telecast was programming chosen as primary source of information when visiting Dallas. We’ve found, immersing oneself in culture is best method for first-hand observation. As such, we have a presence in every location of major data destination on the planet. With such access we’re able to monitor both Superior subjects with molecular-recognition and Humans through electronic word of mouth.
“Can you tell us what’s going on, Wally?”
“Sure can, Tim. This morning as America woke to smell of bacon and coffee, they were greeted with a note on their door spelling ‘Get out!’ which arrived after the first message ‘Eviction Notice’ was discarded as advertisement for an extreme weight-loss supplement product…”
The reporters continued bantering back and forth about possibility of miscommunication between home-owners and those who held titles to those houses until Melissa shut television off and pondered a question.
“Want to go for a ride?”
We accepted, of course, and found ourselves in back seat of limousine, observing world through tinted windows, driven by a Security Wolf under LeTorque employment.
“Nate?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“Did you know, cattle will stand in a burning barn, exit clearly in sight, and allow themselves to cook?”
She was not testing knowledge but probing, looking for something unknown. Vampires cannot do otherwise for constructed with dishonesty, a higher trait. They are notorious liars with ulterior motives in every situation at all times. They cannot speak truth, for it was bred out of them.
“Hi, Jessica, want to play with my doll-house?”
“Nope, doll-houses are for babies.” 
Blunt honesty was a killer in the early years.
“Hey, where’s Jessica?”
“She died.”
“Really? What happened?”
“Don’t know. But heard it involved a mini-bake-oven…”
Thus, when any Mistress speaks, we listen for grander themes, areas where ideas might coexist. At the time, Hellion was on its way, Humanity in complete denial. Apparently, extinction by extra-terrestrial invasion is something mortal minds could not grasp so they chose an alternate, internal reality to follow. As mentioned, they’re a very frustrating species. But we regress.
“Yes, I’ve heard cows won’t run from fire.”
“Well, do you know why?”
A point has been made not to play guessing games. They’ve responded by ignoring those wishes. For progress of science, we relent when necessary.
“No, Mistress, no idea.” 
“They weren’t properly motivated.”
Unsure, exact meaning but quickly connected correlation between Mankind and meat-market’s main product, sat pondering the amazing similarities between both earth-borne entities when vehicle neared destination.
“Park here.”
Jettisoned transport and entered architectural disaster of concrete construction. The building, if one can call converted parking-garage such a structure, was located city-center for purpose of intelligence-gathering and dissemination. We were met by a Wolf at the door. 
“Hello, Mistress, follow me, please.”
He led us down a corridor, around the bend, through double doors, and into studio setting where another of his kind waited.
“Right this way, Mistress.”
She was seated in a chair as we stood sentry alongside. Overhead, on every wall, televisions aired the same program, one running earlier, newscast of Channel Five.
“Okay, Wally, thank you very much for the insightful information about the value of owning a home.”
“No, problem, Tim!”
“We now shift focus and present the opposing side. Joining us in studio is the representative of Higher Hospitality, Miss Melissa LeTorque.”
“Mistress.”
“I’m sorry?”
“It’s Mistress, you adorable chipmunk. Now, sit still and say nothing.”
The visage on screen revealed anchorman following command by nodding head and biting tongue. It’s a hesitant process, revealing reality. As many have surmised, Humanity cannot recognize Superiority. It’s a defense mechanism common amongst prey, utilized for mental stability where death is concerned. Akin to antelope, deer-like creatures roaming grasslands, both aware and ignorant, dangers lurking nearby. Lions follow prey throughout the year, always close, waiting for an easy opportunity to sate hunger with fresh meat. In order to retain some sense of sanity, antelope register and disregard the predators. They could not function otherwise for if they fled from every encounter, they would run indefinitely and die. Obviously, it would lead to their extinction and they would not make good examples. Since they are the example, a conclusion, they are ignorant for survival’s sake.
“Hello, Children, I am Mistress Melissa LeTorque. For many of you, I will appear in familiar form. For some of you, I will appear as I am. In either case, I am Superior and you will heed my call. Now, many may wonder, what is transpiring? What’s going on? Why are houses suddenly springing up in the marketplace? The answer, my pretty little pets, is this. You have been deemed unworthy. The contract signed, the legal process whereby you estimated your future income potential, has been altered with the arrival of Armageddon. Again, I understand why many of you might be startled. You are not to be faulted. It is not your lack of grasping the obvious which is the problem. It is your lack, period. Most of you will not see the New Year. You will, instead, cease to exist. With it as the case, we have implemented the Superior clause in every contract which states, ‘subject to change’. Since you are the subjects and things are definitely changing it was considered prudent to re-evaluate the likelihood you would survive the coming conflict. Again, most of you won’t. Therefore, as of this moment, we are retaking what we own, namely, everything. Do not think about returning to your homes. They are no longer yours. They are ours and we will be employing the Castle Doctrine wherever appropriate. For those of you who do not understand the concept I shall avoid unnecessary language and, instead, return to regularly scheduled programming which will visually reveal what would take a thousand words orally.”
As she spoke, we witnessed the audience on hand, cast of Channel Five, all standing spellbound. Unfortunately, particular quality not productive to entertainment so intervened on behalf of artistic integrity.
“Switch back to on-scene reporter!”
The cameraman appeared confused at first, a normal state one must endure when dealing with their kind, but to his credit, obeyed with a speed, species can produce when necessary.
“Cut to Wally!”
Image shifted to over-sized, on-air entity in mid-bite of hotdog with confused expression, licking mustard off thumbs, responding to question posed by producer, passing along information while anchorman under Mistress command remained mute. Reporter could be heard over open microphone. 
 “No sir, we’re just standing here waiting for some evicted folks to try and re-enter their houses. When the mob arrived, we expected security or something to intervene but nobody did. Oh, hold on, it looks like someone’s about to open a front door. Yep, I can see somebody turning the door-knob, and now taking a step inside, and…”
BOOM!
“Holy…!”
Footage was shaky for the camera on scene, operated by a man who shared Wally’s love of wiener-links. With one hand used for consumption, ill-equipped to keep lens steady when first explosion occurred, let alone what followed afterward.
BOOM!
“Dear god!”
BOOM!
BOOM!
BOOM!
…

Session 8: Commercial Consequences
Here you go.	
Yaagh!
Oh my.
Son of a…!
We didn’t mean….
Dude, don’t just… pop in without warning.
Sorry, sometimes forget, not on the same wavelength.
Huh?
We’ll remember to knock next time.
Thank you.
You’re welcome. Now, would like some?
Are they… what I think they are?
They’re brownies, Johnny, Betty’s Bitchin Brownies.
Then, yep.
Okay, let’s begin where we stopped.
Good idea.
Thank you. With it in mind, please tell those witnessing Confession, why you eliminated Freddie and Fannie MacMay.
Two reasons. First, they were fairly high in organizational structure and regarded as potential threats to the throne. Second, Phillip really didn’t like Freddie. Third…
You said there were only two.
Well, now there’s another. And the third was, we didn’t need his contributions anymore, everything already in place. In fact, what transpired was anathema to Freddy’s way of thinking. You see, he wasn’t full Alpha material, didn’t own the necessary ingredient to follow through, go the whole way, eliminate all to gain everything…
Nice phrasing.
Thank you, just made it up. Anyway…
“Hey Phillip.”
“Yes, Johnny?”
… we were driving to others’ location. Again, don’t know where it was, but there was a yard and dog.
“How much do we stand to lose in this repossession scheme we’re running?”
“Well, Trudy ran the numbers and it appears we’ll be losing a trillion per day.”
Didn’t even know we had a dog.
“Trillion?”
“Yep.”
Of the Trades, think real-estate might be best. Once purchased, it’s like a robot producing whatever wants and desires imagined, so long as there’s a market…
“Dude, do we have a trillion in the bank?”
“Not in cash.”
… and customers with credit.
“So this Armageddon thing better pan out, huh?”
“It would help.”
Anyway, we pulled into the driveway of some non-descript house located in a zoned residential neighborhood. No stores, no café’s, no life, only rows of homes with five designs to choose from. It made for a pretty scene but lacked charisma which is probably why the place picked. It was a ghost town. People stayed inside because outside was uninteresting. Nothing to do but watch cars drive by.
“Uncle Johnny!”
“Hello, Daemon.”
After walking through house, opened sliding door and stepped outside onto patio of poured concrete. The kid was playing with his new best friend.
“Want to meet my dog?”
“Sure.”
Its name was Spot, a beagle, bugle, or basset hound with long droopy ears, saggy lips, and perpetual expression of boredom. Seriously, dog looked like it wanted to die.
“Sit!”
Spot couldn’t do squat.
“Roll over!”
He stood there, four stubby legs with padded paws and air of someone who wanted something else. It didn’t matter what, anything would suffice.
“Play dead!”
Now, some might wonder why Spot’s in middle of Confessional and the answer, dog could sniff and scent like a bloodhound. Couldn’t do anything else…
“Beg!”
… but could smell the presence of death. And just so happened an odd coincidence occurred right then. You see, a chaperone was required for Daemon, someone to keep watch, be a mentor and such. Impossible to use a Wolf or Vamp because they couldn’t be trusted, instinctual needs too strong, potential too great. Therefore, another was chosen, one who opened front door and walked in at same moment Daemon yelled…
“Attack!”
… and darned if the mighty little mutt didn’t take off like a greyhound with a…
“Bark!”
… traversing lawn, tearing across concrete patio, through living-room, letting out a…
“Woof!”
… as he leapt over sofa and sailed through air, completely surprising poor schmuck assigned prodigy protection, who blurted…
“Oh no.”
… as mongrel attacked, latched teeth onto elbow, and started shaking. Only took a second but the act completed. As animal ran off, offended victim stood in shock. Seemed appropriate, someone say something, so sat him down and queried.
“Hey, buddy, are you all right?”
His answer…
“The dog took my arm.”
… such an obvious statement, patently nodded and replied assuredly.
 “Yes, he did. Don’t worry. We’ll get it back… Daemon?”
“Yes, Uncle Johnny?”
“Would you please go find Wesson’s…”
Detective Wesson?
Yep.
Why was he involved?
Know what, had the same question.
“It shouldn’t take too long. So… uh… why are you here, and why are you…?”
“A Zombie?”
As sometimes happens, right then, reason walked in the room.
“Because I chose him, Sweetie.”
It appeared our detective friend was living a grand lifestyle with the bonus check earned last time in LeTorque employ…
(Note: Smith and Wesson; Private Investigation. Ref. 21)
… which caused the already overweight individual to go overboard with his eating habits…
“He had a coronary.”
… which landed him in the hospital after suffering a massive occlusion...
“It’s a giant heart attack.”
… which is where Vivian found him and offered extended time…
“You are now mine.”
… in exchange for complete obedience. Now, normally the process is easy because clients, willing participants, but with Wesson things were different.
“Lying there, waiting to die?”
“Yes, Sir, with morphine drip and cable television for company. Was rather enjoying life’s last moments when Mistress Vivian entered the room and…”
She made her choice, if we couldn’t provide a Superior product then second-best option utilized, the Inferior kind.
“You will protect Daemon at all costs. Anything he wishes, you shall provide, anything he wants, you shall deliver…”
The guy became an unwilling, undead bodyguard to the next stage of Superior development, my nephew, who reentered room while rotund investigator was asked…
“So, uh… does it hurt?”
“He bit my arm off, Sir. What do you think…?”
… before blanching as lad approached in a hesitant manner…
“Uncle Johnny?”
“Yes, Daemon?”
… because the subject at hand, Wesson, who was missing a hand was staring at the hand held in Daemon’s hands with horror.
What?
The kid retrieved Wesson’s arm from Spot’s mouth but there was a time-lapse.
Oh no.
Oh, yeah.
“Is this it?”
“Yes, Uncle Johnny, he ate the rest.”
It was one revolting arm. Crazy dog used it as a chew toy until child ripped it away. It was a mutilated mass of bone, tendon, and ligaments with just enough skin for approximating wrist potential but not enough to bear a watch. It resembled the leftover portion of state-fair turkey-leg. But it still had nerve fibers, so we told Daemon…
“Slap it back on.”
… which he did, and then the disgusting reintegration began…
It’s the breakdown and formation of enzymes.
Don’t care, it involved puss and goo, doubt information will ever be necessary. Anyway…
“How long till it heals?”
“It won’t completely heal, Sweetie, the missing chunks will become scar tissue and where bone is visible, it will remain, but its functional ability should return in an hour or so.”
… thing was making strange squishy sounds.
It’s the process of putrefaction where protein breaks down and…
Seriously, doesn’t matter, sounded ghastly so…
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“Go stand in the closet.”
… man was placed in storage until presence required.
“Sweetie.”
“Yes?”
“It’s time to go.”
The others remained at safe house while George, Vivian, and my particular talents departed to instigate part two of Operation Homeless Shelter…
Johnny?
Yes, Nat?
Did anyone other than yourself employ the term ‘Operation Homeless Shelter’ at any time for whatever reason during discussions?
No, but it’s probably because, personally trademarked name and scared of licensing violations…
(Note: Copyright Infringement; Patent-Pending Litigation. Ref. 22)  
Johnny?
Yes?
Know what, never mind.
Okay, so as said, it was part-two time. Hence, we drove George’s giant pickup-truck to proper location.
“Hello, welcome to the Better Business Bureau. My name’s Barbara, how can I help you?”
The office was located on a strip of land in commercial district of suburb visited, a stand-alone structure with parking lot and public entrance. The fact, it sold no product, produced nothing for public good, yet still maintained a place of importance in the economic hub of zoned-living should lead one to wonder what, exactly, is their purpose.
“We make businesses better.”
They do so by unique gift of self-importance through shady association.
What?
Bear with me.
“How do you make businesses better?”
“By joining us.”
They could’ve called the operation ‘Better Business Bull… yaagh!... because only thing they did was promote any company which paid to be on their list. The corporation could be engaged in all sorts of underhanded dealings but if they had cash, Better Business Bureau had their back. They were, essentially, an advertising gimmick concocted by someone with foresight to profit from public gullibility. You see, place had a fancy name which led others to believe it was acting in their interests. Truth was, thing did nothing of the sort. It acted in interest of the paying client, in its case, business. It threw out an impression of overseeing the general welfare of those in commercial activities but, in reality, oversight was both complete and inconsequential. If the public had a problem, they went to the place which sounded like a complaint department…
“… took my money and ran.”
… and Bureau would promise to look into the matter…
“John Doe says you charged him five-hundred dollars to fix his car and it still doesn’t work.”
“So?”
 … but then, nothing. Oh, they’d mark down, consulted with whatever company was under investigation and advise accordingly, but truth was, once contact made, they were done. No follow up, no resolution, no problem. The reason was language, name recognition. The public tends to believe identification is an important part of society’s contract with itself. Burt’s Bakery should sell pastry goods. Mike’s Malt Shop would be wise to include ice-cream in the inventory. So when a company calls itself the Better Business Bureau it should probably do something for betterment of business. It doesn’t. It’s a business run by businesses in business of generating business for businesses.
What?
It’s a scam, con game, folks think the entity’s one thing when, in truth, it’s another. It has no interest in public good because companies paying for right to be listed as ‘better’ have no intention of working for good, they’re working for money, totally different thing. But they pull the wacky thing off because people believe any entity listed as ‘better’ by the Business Bureau must by logical leap, be better than those not. Therefore, everyone’s in, pay up or find oneself in awkward position of justifying opposition to Better Business practices and procedures. Anyway…
“Hello, honey, I’m Vivian LeTorque and you’re going to do as told, correct?”
“Yes, Ma’am!”
The reaction of receptionists has always been fascinating. They run the gambit from intellectual librarians to poleless dancers…
Excuse me. Did you mean Polish dancers?
No, poleless, without a pole.
It’s not a word.
Really? Should be, probably shorten it though, Barbara, our po’less dancing receptionist. Who, by the way, is someone to keep tabs on.
Why?
Well…
“Okay, Barb, here’s what you’re going to do. Type what I say and send it to every business in the Bureau’s portfolio.”
“Yes Ma’am!”
She’s going places, girl recepted in grand fashion.
Also, not a word.
Then what…? Never mind. 
“Okay, now type this. To every business under the Better umbrella, we are no longer accepting clients without the Business’ principle priority of bettering. This means, we will no longer accept any who cheat, steal, deceive, or provide dental insurance for a living.”
“Yes, Ma’am!”
You see, the Po’less dancer…
It’s never going to be a word.
… had a good head on her shoulders, knew what she was, a pretty girl whose intelligence was underestimated because she chose to be overlooked. She made good money the old fashioned way, by recognizing opportunity when it walked through the door.
“Anything else, Ma’am?”
“Why yes, plum, there is.”
 Sadly though, she couldn’t see in shadows…
“Yawn.”
“Shriek!”
… and didn’t react well to sudden change, didn’t have a good scream, not the adorable squeal of surprise. She had a bad one, kind which pierce eardrums. He does it to people.
“Barbara, baby, take a few breaths and relax. If we wanted to kill you, I’d do it myself…”
While Vivian spoke to the woman, soothing her with Southern charm…
“… but don’t worry, you’ll never see me coming…”
… I turned to the beast in darkened corner, trying to stifle another yawn, and not doing a good job.
“Dude, stop it, you’re scaring the receptionist.”
“Can’t help it, Johnny, this is painfully boring.”
George has never been the patient type, pretty much a take-charge kind of guy. The fact, he’s enormous, helps. He might be largest Wolf walking and leaves impression of ‘size’. Can’t shake it, always around, looming in every corner, ready to enter at any time and change all in an instant.
“Well, try not to move until we get an address. What’s the Wolf’s name again?”
“Thomas R. Chesterfield.”
“Seriously? The guy uses a middle initial?”
“Yes, he’s one of those.”
Thomas R. Chesterfield was an itch George decided to scratch, an immensely powerful Wolf who ran one of the more successful operations, Waste Management. Now, if you’re like me, probably a bit surprised Waste is under Shelter’s banner…
No, it makes perfectly good…
… but shouldn’t because, as Vivian explained when asked…
“Sweetie, trash needs a home too.”
… land is key to Shelter. Land is limited. Therefore, it has value. Doesn’t matter if it’s a speck of sand, if it has mass, it holds potential.
“How much do we make?”
“We make a ton, Hon. Garbage may be the best source of revenue we’ve got.”
It’s a dirty, smelly, disgusting job which makes the process work. No one wants to pick up garbage, definitely not someone else’s garbage. So if you’re willing to work you’ll get paid. If you employ those willing to work for you, you’ll get paid more. A lot more. Boatloads more.
“Where does it say he lives?”
“Number one, Orchard Drive.”
With recovery process complete, we left the po’less receptionist to ponder possibilities of a world without Better Businesses and drove to the center of it all, a place where those who made the city their primary source of occupation and entertainment, but didn’t feel like calling it home, Highland Park. Home of winners, innovators, those who excelled in life...
“Pull over here.”
… and final resting spot of Thomas R, Chesterfield, Alpha Wolf, Shelter Tribe, Waste Removal Specialist.
“Okay, let’s go.”
It wasn’t like the others, their methods differ, where Phillip fought in the dark, George chose light.
“Chesterfield, get your butt out here!”
He stood in the lawn, a Wolf without worry, sure in might, oblivious to danger rushing at him with speed of wind and sound of howls.
Rip!
Shred!
Slice!
 He didn’t make a sound as carnage built up around, severed heads to the left, bodies right. Caught a glimpse of Chesterfield before he died, on the balcony, watching Security get destroyed by an Alpha of unlimited potential, and believe he was readying for battle, willing to give it a try, go out as one should. But he couldn’t. So he didn’t. Because, like mentioned, they fight different.
“Hello, Thomas.”
She materialized before his eyes, surprise and recognition evident, death by something heard but not believed. With me, Vamps hunt Wolves. Vivian slashed with sharpened nails and Thomas left his mark as Waste should, in a crimson pool at the foot of his Superior. With it ended, we left. Another potential competitor eliminated, another step in Operation Homeless Shelter accomplished, another stride toward Armageddon taken…
What are you doing?
Adding color to the narrative.
Just the facts, Johnny.
All right, well, we drove back to boredom and waited.
For what?
Critical Mass.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 8: Housing Projection
The subject’s use of vernacular aside, Operation Homeless Shelter was a foregone success. It had no chance of failure for sole reason, failure was the goal.
“Hello, Nate.”
“Hello, Mistress Melissa.”
She entered as always, without announcement or invitation. We realize this may sound absurd coming from one who also employs the tactic, but we materialization for scientific study and empirical data gathering. She does so because it’s second nature. It’s a startling vision, witnessing the art of stealth.
“What are you watching?”
“Local news.”
She was clad in pearl, dark hair contrasting with white, lending an air of tranquility to the room. On television, things were anything but ideal.
“Hello, this is Tim Tidbit with the Channel Five, Five and Five-thirty newscasts with hourly updates on the fives. Okay, we’ve had a lot of interesting developments so we’ll jump right in and go to our award-winning reporter on the scene, Wally Thornburg. Wally, are you there?”
“I’m right where you told me to be, Tim!”
The reporter appeared in front of a people, cordoned with rope, herding Human cattle in mazelike fashion, doubling back on itself, maximizing available floor space, line out the door.
“Can you tell us where, Wally?”
“Sure can, Tim! We’re at the Homeless Shelter with a bunch of people who have individual stories to tell. Since we don’t have time, I’ve decided to interview only some of those bunches and hopefully come away with a better understanding of what’s going on.”
“Sounds wise, Wally.”
“Thank you, Tim. Okay, first guy I want everyone to meet is Leroy Springer, a welder by trade, one of many tossed out of home in dead of night due to income potentiality issues.”
“Income potentiality issues?”
“Yes, Tim, income potentiality, he doesn’t have any.”
On screen, a man, early forty’s, hair shaved short, grey at temples, wearing blue overalls with an engaging smile, revealed in rapid fashion, plan in play.
“Mr. Springer, can you tell us what happened?”
“I was laid off work the exact same time, got evicted.”
“The same time?”
“Exact same time.”
The reporter made his way through various personages who make up the homeless population, interviewing many, and coming away with different versions of same event.
“Lot my job.”
“Lost my home.”
We turned to the lovely Vampire hostess and queried…
“How many?”
… and she answered in startling manner.
“Fifty percent.”
Then, explained.
“It’s a signal, the first sign of trouble. A necessary jolt to the system. We were able to pull it off rather easily because…”
“The Gainful Employment provision?”
“Precisely, dear one, their tenancy was based on fruitful, long-term service. A very simple bargain, keep a job, buy a home. With housing prices the way they are, it takes thirty years to purchase outright. Again, it was simple. How many people could suddenly come up with thirty years hard work? Turns out, about twenty percent, the rest can’t. Thus, they signed a promissory note which cannot be fulfilled. Now, we don’t want everyone to leave…”
“How many will you keep?”
“It depends.”
“On what?”
“The number who survive, initial onslaught.”
She wasn’t flippant with life, merely practical and blindly beautiful. As an aside, we should like to point out the obvious. When creating perfection we enslave ourselves. Heaven’s Guard understands the dilemma and takes great strides to separate personal views from consideration. But we also recognize, it may not be possible. Vampires are, as a species, unquenchably desirable. They have a quality which effects all, not merely own. They’re a dangerous seduction. Wolves do not sleep in presence unless mated for life and even then, with caution and warry control. Dogs do not bark at Mistresses, they inherently understand sound means death and kneel in submissive pose. They have few equals in strategic development for time and resources honed, preying on Inferiors, those both blind and awestruck when encounters happen, a surefire way to meet one’s fate in stunning, if not willing, fashion.
“Mistress?”
“Yes, Nate?”
“How are the others?”
We were referring, of course, to the defendant and missing LeTorque.
“They’re fine.”
The temptation too strong, question and answer followed with something further…
“Do you know where they are?”
“Yes.”
… though previously predicted.
“And?”
“Where you aren’t.”
…

Session 9: Medical Intervention
Okay, give it a minute…
WOW!
Yes, there is generally an initial surge of…
YOWZA!
All right, just relax and let the serum…
YIPPEE!
Sigh… Johnny?
YAHOO!
Johnny.
WOO-HOO!
Johnny!
WHAT?
Could you tone it down a bit?
HUH?
Quit yelling!
Oh, sorry, didn’t realize…
No problem. It’s one of the side effects. You see, the serum works in potentiate form, therefore, second dose enhances first and...
Hold up.
Yes?
One of the side effects?
Yes.
There are others?
Uh-huh.
Well?
Well what?
What are the freaking side-effects. What else is going to happen to me?
Oh, our apologies, it completely sipped the mind. Let’s see… yes, here we are… Use Once Only…
What?
Relax, it continues… Unless Extension Permitted. The extension is your immunity, Johnny.
Oh, okay.
All right, there’s a few more cautionary concerns… hmmm, here we are… possibility of delusion, depression, and death.
Thump
(Note: audible sound of body making contact with floor)
Johnny?
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 9: Madam Motivation
Okay, it appears we have a little more time as subject warms to the serum. Therefore, we shall begin anew whence begun before…
“Nate?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
… in the presence of a Vampire...
“Want to go for a ride?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
… and found ourselves, again, in back seat of a limousine driven by Wolf in chauffer’s clothing, traversing the highway, ignoring every traffic law written. They have an odd transportation grid for it tends to resemble spokes on a wheel. Humans are an impatient breed and to sate need, travel from A to B. They feel time’s fleeting feeling and move in linear fashion, house to house, block to block, city to city. Furthermore, heavy, ground-bound vehicles are employed for personal transport which, obviously, causes problems when many objects are moving toward one destination on a single plane.
“We don’t seem to be moving, Mistress.”
“Good, it’ll give us more time to talk.”
Picture a pond in the desert. On the ridge above, an entire perimeter lined with thirsty adventurers, those savoring the chance to slate their desire with promise of what lay ahead. Then let them go. It is the transportation system devised, a mad dash to middle, and poorest possible pick of multiple choices given.
“Mistress?”
“Yes, Nate?”
“We’re still not moving.”
“I know. Now, be patient and tell me a story.”
We regaled her with tempting hints of Heaven’s pleasure while mindful of the Clause and wistful for proper movement management. Slowly, we passed through the outer ring where vehicles circled for better entrance angles, nearing inner where they temporarily slowed, stalked, and waited for opportunity of advancement.
“One can breathe underwater?”
“Of course.”
When we finally entered downtown district, allegory terminated, and return to matter at hand.
“Mistress?”
“Yes, Nate?”
“Where are we going?”
Her reply was music to the ears.
“Hello, boys.”
The convention center was filled with blue and black, an audience of many who were one, Dallas Police Department, our employer when convenient, heart of the city itself.
“My name is Melissa LeTorque, Mistress and Matriarch of Third Clan…”
Assembly was called without preamble…
“Mandatory Attendance Required, Respond Immediately.”
… planned previously without time as constraint. Superior subjects do not wield power for all to see…
“Mr. Wolf, I need your advice.”
“Yes, Mayor?”
… they wield for some...
“I’ve received a request from Madam Le Torque. She asked for an audience. How do I respond?”
“Assemble the men, now.”
… placing themselves next to those in authority, playing role of advisors while maintaining control, rewarding lucky few chosen to receive Superior counsel.
“What is it?”
“It’s called gunpowder, makes stuff explode, you want more of it.”
Thus, when things were necessary, timing right, they had means to enact the design.
“… and so, dear officers, I am here to announce a few changes. Many of you may have noticed your fellow citizens, those without necessary resources, have become a little anxious of late. I am sorry, it is their problem, not yours…”
Superior subjects value dominance above all. Thus, they have a pointed view of themselves. Namely, the tip. Now, when picturing such a viewpoint one will imagine a triangle or pyramid. It is this image which shapes their society and gives it form, one easily constructed through hierarchy and manipulated when times of crisis arise.
“There is a war on the way, my men in blue, you chosen few. Henceforth, Martial Law shall be enforced. As of this moment, you are elevated above others. All military personnel including local law-enforcement, regardless of rank, now outrank any civilian. Before you ask, I will give an example for comparison. If the head of any corporation, for any reason, insults or even gives you a cross look, you may respond with force. Any force. Deadly force. You will not be held accountable for your actions. You are, as of this instant, above the law. You may do whatever you wish, whenever you wish, however you wish to do it. If you want to swim in the Bank Director’s bathtub, you may do so. You will also receive the gift of life…”
Her oratory skills were remarkable.
“… you and your immediate families will become beneficiaries. You are the lucky ones. The others aren’t. They will likely suffer a terrible death at hands of foes who devour victims. I don’t relish their fate but don’t sympathize either. They had a choice, inside the system or out. They chose incorrectly and must die accordingly. You on the other hand, will thrive magnificently…”
The audience was mesmerized.
“… you will be afforded the wealth of nations. If you want a car, take it, it’s yours. Like the house? Fine, grab a few civilians and make them move furniture. Better yet, have them drop by a local antiques dealer and raid the place. Like I said, no rules, no regulations, no repercussions…”
Dreams materialized before their eyes.
“… everything is free. You will pay nothing, owe nothing, and receive a lifetime credit of ‘Yes’. You will never be denied…”
And then she explained what was required.
“I want a coordinated effort on the major thoroughfares…”
And why.
“We have a traffic problem, gentlemen, and you’re going to fix it.”
Thus, we witnessed initiation of defendant’s Operation Homeless Shelter, eviction of half the population living within central boundaries. For a world-wide view of events, scene remained the same. In every metropolis a movement of Humanity took shape. In Dallas, it was well-coordinated by seasoned professionals who knew how to keep a road open and supply lines moving. In others, it took on different forms with a familiar themes. The Wolves and Vamps were preparing for battle and the preference, city-shape in design.
…

Session 10: Pets and Insects
Please, take this with sincerest apologies.
What is it?
A lollypop.
Lollypop?
Yes, Johnny, a lollypop.
What’s it for?
For being good. Prevalent recognition on the planet for patient cooperation is to receive a sucker at end of session. Since you at the very least, attempted assistance, we felt an appropriate gesture would be appreciated.
Thanks.
You’re welcome.
Mmm… hey, this is really flavorful!
Yes, Betty makes them herself, calls them RocKCandyRolls .
Nice name.
Yes, we thought so. Especially when considering original proposal.
What was…?
SuckNswallows.
No.
Yes, don’t worry. It never made it out of the boardroom.
I would hope not.
Uh-huh, but on to more important matters. Please, continue where you left off.
Where did I…?
Driving with George and Vivian to a uniform house in residential community where Philip, Trudy, Daemon, a dog Spot, and Wesson the closet Zombie resided.
Oh, yeah…
“Hello, we’re back!”
We arrived in normal fashion, to an empty street devoid life. It was weirder, then, though.
Why?
Because it was first scene of a new world order. The house occupied sat deep in a cul-de-sac at end of paved road lined with houses built for families. Ones with kids. Those which require yards and maintenance. Therefore, entire street became an arraigned setting of single-story homes, all with lawns of grass cut to same, specified height. Both idyllic and eerie to see.
Why?
No one was there. And they weren’t coming back.
Because you evicted them.
True.
All right, go on.
Well…
“Uncle Johnny!”
“Hello, Daemon.”
Little guy met us at the door. He was a bundle of energy, bursting with joy over news he would deliver.
“I taught Spot a trick!”
“Oh yeah?”
He nodded his head in puppy-like fashion and led way outback where Phillip was grilling.
“Hey, Johnny, what do you want on your burger?”
“Everything.”
While we were gone, they were busy. As usual, Phillip was busiest. Not because he liked the idea. He didn’t. He was just a poor chooser.
“Honey, do you want to cook or clean?”
“Cook!”
 He picked the obvious answer and found himself slaving over charcoal as Trudy sat on a stool, lemonade in hand, supervising the Zombie she’d taken from closet for domestic purposes.
“Wesson.”’
“Yes, Ma’am?”
“Do the dishes.”
As we moved across patio, Daemon skipped ahead, toward corner of yard where Spot sat silently shivering...
“Watch this, Uncle Johnny!”
… his sad, brown eyes pleading for a little doggy justice to deliver him from insane situation. One where Daemon disappeared…
Blended.
No, dude, don’t think so. It’s not like Vamps, close but different. They’re similar in speed, the invisibility part, but afterward you realize where they came from, part of wall which formed them, felt dissimilar.
Dissimilar?
Yeah, they leave a different impression on the memory. When it comes to Vamps, at least for me, get a feeling of shape.
It’s the echo-effect.
The what?
Echo-effect, rebound of light-waves, sight depends upon, the image bounced off object and presented to eye. Vampires cannot be seen but they are physically there, holding form without representation. Therefore, while returning photons do not reveal substance, they do impart depth, distance particle traveled.
Like a soap bubble.
Yes, like a soap bubble.
Yeah, well, Daemon doesn’t leave a bubble.
He doesn’t?
Nope.
What’s he leave?
Well…
“Watch this, Uncle…!”
… in case of canine companion…
“Spot…”
… he left another little friend...
“… faint!”
Flop
… Speedy the spider.
What?
Seriously, he’d disappear and suddenly, without warning, stupid arachnid would be sitting on Spot’s nose, staring with sinister intent directly into beagle’s shocked eyes, which the unfortunate mutt was unprepared to see, so he’d let out a weak…
“Arf?”
… and fall flat, paws straight in the air, stiff as a board, completely out of it.
Oh my.
Yeah, it was pretty tough on the old pooch. But things got much worse for me, because sometime between Confrontation Cave and home Speedy found a new power.
“Yuck!”
Webbing.
“Hey, George, hand me the… gack!”
Everywhere, head-high, face-first.
“Phillip, where’s… blech!”
It didn’t matter place or time. Bathroom, kitchen, morning, evening…
“… does anyone want… ptew! ”
… was constantly inhaling invisible spider-butt string. As is the way with children and eight-legged insects, pranks intensified.
“I’m blind!”
“No you’re not, Johnny. Give me a second and…”
Snip
“… there you go. See, it was Daemon’s pet playing games. Looks like when you took a nap, the trickster wrapped your eyelids…”
It went so far, inevitably, someone got hurt.
“Are you okay?”
Happened, again, during sleep, except it wasn’t eyes pest wound shut.
“Snore.”
He made his way from mouth to nostril when realization hit. Can’t recall anything previous because, well, was fast asleep and not paying attention…
“Snore.”
 … when breathing stopped.
“Snort!”
Can’t blame the critter, imagine it’s possible to believe, inhalation through ears a secondary option…
“Muffle.”
… but refuse to take responsibility for damage inflicted, it was his fault, not mine. You see, when awoken to sudden stoppage of self-snoring, did what naturally came to mind and tried to remove obstruction…
“Fluffle.”
… by couldn’t because Nature’s tiny-knitter was busy cocooning wrists to waist, so instead of escape and oxygen, panic ensued…
“Gack!”
Followed by rolling off bed, hitting floor prone, nose leading way.
“Oomph!”
Fortunately, falling broke webs allowing hands to rip away strands of rear-end excrement and suck in life-saving gas.
“Gasp!”
But in the process, something occurred which did damage.
“Speedy!”
He lost a leg. Before releasing back-side lasso, one skinny appendage became entangled, trapped, and torn away.
“Aw, poor thing.”
Bloody nose and bruised ego ignored as medical attention given to miniscule web-swinger.
“It’ll be all right, he’s got seven more.”
And from then on, it held a grudge. Spidey goo on toothbrush…
Spit
… flittering across bare feet…
“Yaagh!”
… leaving miniscule gifts where not wanted…
“This is really good lemon-pepper, Phillip.”
“Pepper? I didn’t add any…”
… going on and on…
Hold on.
Yes?
Did anything occur pertaining to world-wide domination?
Uh… no. Told you, we were waiting for critical mass to develop so…
Sigh.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 10: Slumming Solution
In the time-frame defendant glossed over, a few details should be included for chronological order to proceed. As such, an introduction of conceptual content for contextual purposes.
“Hello, Nate.”
“Hello, Mistress.”
She entered as the previous fourteen days, with perfection, elegance lacking arrogance for pleasure of company’s sake.
“What are you watching?”
“You.”
The program had been running a few minutes. We stood in the living-room of LeTorque Manor, our understood rendezvous position silently agreed upon. It’s easier, at times, to appease subjects on certain issues, privacy being one of them. They have no right to the concept but do hold desire. Thus, when acting within certain unwritten principles we oblige and grant solitude. It was one of those times.
“How do I look?”
“Ravishing, as usual.”
She performed the chore every day, thrice during normal twenty-four hour news periods, morning, noon, and night, explaining why.
“They won’t remember, but it will leave a lasting, fleeting feeling of suspicion. Once time is right, they will come to realize, ignorance cannot be embraced where death concerned.”
They were, at the time, running into same programming errors forbearers previously confronted, Human Attention-Deficit Disorder. Throughout experiment, in certain periods of unusual activity, some of the more aggressive Superiors became, if not known, definitely feared by local populace. In the north, they were called Valhalla’s Warriors, in the south, Greek deities. From Odin to Jupiter, Thor to Ares, Loki to Hermes, all shared one trait which led to downfall. They leapt from shadows and proclaimed dominance. They almost succeeded. Humans in areas of activity became suspicious those legends prayed to, mystical beings sacrificed for, could possibly, however improbably, be real.
“All praise Poseidon, ruler of Ocean’s realm!”
It was dealt with the usual way, through Council decree.
“How do the Elders rule?”
“With the power of death.”
Matriarchs issued verdict and a bloodbath of epic proportions evolved. Wolves died in unprecedented numbers, testifying to strength of those proclaiming Superiority. Eventually, all breakaway sects would perish but not before an indelible print was placed. Humans, ignorant at large, could be forced to see light. It’s this understanding Defendant refers, moment individual choices made by group-think. Imagine a busy intersection in large metropolis with people on foot waiting to cross. They stand as light cycles through yet remain in place. Some get antsy but none wish to violate code and receive a penalty. Then one relents and crosses. Then another. All wait to see if perpetrators of illegal movement will be cited. They aren’t and more join the fray. Eventually, all will ignore laws and move as one to cross street. It is the power of numbers, knowledge others agree, also called Critical Mass and a necessary component of design created.
“Start from the beginning. I want to see my performance.”
“As you wish, Mistress.”
It was least we could do, considering her role in the matter.
“Hello, this is Tim Tidbit with a Channel Five, Five O’clock, Five-thirty and On-the-Fives News Exclusive. We break into your regularly scheduled programing to bring you this, an interview with a Vamp… huh, is this correct? Okay, guess it is. All right, with us in studio is Miss Melissa...”
“Mistress, you delicious morsel.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind, fruit-filling. Now, act like a sandwich bag and zip shut.”
The anchorman made a gesture with left hand, even mimicking locking motion and tossing away the key.
“Good boy. Okay everyone listen up. This is Mistress LeTorque and I’ve got some updates. As none are aware, we’ve taken control and begun moving a majority of citizens out the city. You may find this inconvenient. You may find this unpleasant. You may find this any way you wish. We don’t care. You will keep flowing in an orderly manner toward the exit routes our faithful few have worked so hard to keep open. Now, for those who necessitate assistance, those with a need for visual certainty, I would suggest thinking in herd-like fashion, you are the cattle, we are the prods. Since you may not see yourselves as cows and we are in no way representations of electrified sticks, I shall let this station alter view so the plump fellow with poor people-skills can perform the act.”
The program was forty-second episode of her daily interruptions. As such, opposed to previous sessions where a need felt to intervene, subconscious mind of a producer took over and ordered, appropriate response.
“Switch to Wally!”
The screen revealed a man with pizza-slice in hand, giant bite missing, dripping cheese-fat and marinara on shirt.
“Hello?”
He appeared surprised to be called upon and with anchorman Tidbit in mute mode, producer was compelled to react swiftly…
“Say something!”
… and reporter responded.
“This is Wally Thornburg atop Bank-One Tower. We’ve been told to remain here for a better view of tonight’s activities. As many may have heard, there is a housing problem in the greater Dallas/Fort Worth zip codes and we intend to keep you abreast of any new developments. Okay, as you can see, we’ve positioned our camera northeast. The darker areas are zones of exclusion, places where complete eviction occurred and, not coincidently, where most incidents happen. Earlier, we spoke with a person in support of damaged goods.”
The scene shifted to reveal a man with mask in place. Wally’s voice could be heard asking a question.
“Why are you willing to risk such danger?”
“It’s a house, dude.”
The residences in question were those foreclosed on Shelter’s authority and ranged anywhere from thousands to millions of dollars, entire neighborhoods, wholescale city blocks, repossessed because the Clan controlled economic activity and it, in turn, dictated living conditions. Better Business dealings were not merely for show. Industries were shut down overnight.
“You’re closed.”
“Why?”
“Unsafe working conditions.”
It didn’t matter what the charge…
“Insufficient water pressure.”
… or location…
“Inadequate playground equipment.”
… if it had a loan from the bank, it was subject to inspection, a subjective one, no less.
“Not clean enough.”
“Not clean? But it’s never been used!”
“Okay, then, not employed properly.”
A simple question of deniability allowed for the process. Banks could deny further funding and demand monies return if business found in violation, any number of issues. The one employed most was the Establishment Clause which stated a business must maintain themselves within certain codes of conduct relevant to occupation. Restaurants must have working ovens, woodshops proper tools, etcetera. The inner workings of business which defined services. Businesses which formed into trades. Trades run by associations recognized in fields of influence. Fields of influence represented by the Better Business Bureau. A Bureau run with Superior oversight.
“Notice of Eviction”
Oversight employed for failure’s sake.
“Office Closed. All Employment Terminated until Further Notice”
Residence required employment. No job, no house. It took a few days for full effectiveness to set in. Once established, it went the normal route.
“Where’s Joe?”
“Evicted.”
From single to multiple, small pockets to community homelessness, it involved Critical Mass and became unavoidable without a lessening of stridency. The Wolves and Vamps clamped down even harder.
“Okay, folks. Again, this is Wally Thornburg and now is generally the time when things begin picking up, when brave men and women trying to locate vacant properties find themselves in the position of choice. Enter and declare oneself the owner, a squatter with rights reserved for those who perform such acts, or not. And here we go… yes… it looks like we’ve got one individual willing to give it a shot. All right… he’s turning the doorknob… he’s opening the door… and…
BOOM!
“… he’s dead, blown to bits before taking a step inside. We’ve been asking local authorities if there’s any truth to the rumor, Castle Doctrine is transferrable and can be remotely employed. We’ve been unable to get an answer because, surprisingly, a large number of law enforcement officials appear to be in transition. It would seem, as government servants, they have special access to homes recently on the market and can purchase with little or no money down. Okay, we’ll pan out a bit for…”
BOOM!
“Wow! What a big one! It you happen to be the previous owner of a house on corner of Millwood and Vine, you may wish to check with local zoning office before returning. There’s nothing left. Just a bunch of burning debris and charred remains of one unfortunate soul who thought about home-ownership and paid the ultimate price…”
Reporter rambled along but, by then, interest lost when Melissa turned and queried.
“Want to go for a ride?”
And, of course, we replied.
“It would be a pleasure.”
So we found ourselves in back seat of a luxury vehicle, Wolf at wheel, Vampire for company. All things considered, one could do much worse.
“Mistress?”
“Yes, Nate?”
Curiosity, ever present.
“Where are we going?”
She, as expected, remained mysterious.
“To do some PR work.”
To those without acronym interaction, it is the process by which something is retitled using first letters of each word. If one chose ‘Public Relations’ as representative for PR, one would not be wrong, usually.
“Welcome to Parks and Recreation!”
We blew past the secretary without a word. Public relations Melissa kept with Humanity simple, Master to servant. The receptionist lowered her eyes as we moved down hallway to a door marked ‘Do Not Enter’. We entered. A man looked up from desk occupied. Wolf moved. Man then looked down from position held, in grasp of certain death, neck encircled by claws, one talon poised at carotid artery, precious lifeblood, a single slit away.
“Hello dear, my name is Mistress Melissa LeTorque and the gentleman holding you aloft is my driver, Big Burt.”
Burt was not a real name. His proper classification was James. But with assignment as personal driver to Matriarch of Third Clan, felt a different nomenclature needed. He chose Burt because it was masculine form of his one true love which also happened to be a driver, the golf club known as Big Bertha. Big Burt carried Bertha wherever he went. He loved the sport of those who could afford a long frustrating walk with stick and ball, and was prepared to pull out his long-driver whenever situation warranted. It was also quite handy when intimidation employed.
“Ack!”
The minuscule man was bespectacled and balding with thick black glasses and air of one who is picky by nature.
“Urp!”
He was also wetting his pants and struggling to breathe.
“Okay, darling, here’s what’s going to happen. Big Burt is going put you down and you’re going to do exactly as I say, understand?”
The man could barely nod but his eyes left no doubt. He was seated with a…
Thud
… and let out a…
“Yelp!”
… as Big Burt placed paw on shoulder. It would remain there the entire time. It needn’t have.
“What’s your name, dear?”
“Stewart.”
Stewart was little, a mouse of man who found middle-management as proper calling. He was fastidious with numbers and ran the department efficiently. It was the purpose for being there.
“You will cease all operations on city property. No trash pick-up, no sanitation disposal…”
The plan, as stated before, easy to grasp. Critical Mass Movement through unemployment eviction, Castle Doctrine enforcement, and Waste Removal refusal. She explained the reasoning as we drove away.
“They huddled in parks, let them do so in filth.”
Voluntary expulsion was the goal. Make things so undesirable, anyplace was better than one occupied. Help them along with sudden death from booby-trapped foreclosures, traffic enforcement by highly motivated professionals, and the unpleasant aroma of park-living without public upkeep. It took a few days but the signs were clear. She would have city desired, in time required, no matter the cost.
…

Session 11: Heat Index Calculation
Ranch? Bleu Cheese?
Nope, love these babies like they are.
Are you sure, maybe some milk?
Why would …? Oh, no!
Because Betty calls them Burnt-Witch Wings which indicates they’re probably a little…
Oh, sweet Jesus!
… spicy.
Yaagh!
…
(BREAK)

Session 11 (cont.): Drill Instruction
You okay?
Yeah, guess they were a little hotter than expected.
Hotter…? Johnny, they were rated higher than Nuclear on the temperature chart.
Yeah, should’ve paid more attention to the menu.  
Are you’re okay now?
Uh-huh.
You sure?
Yep.
Good, then continue the Confessional.
All righty, um, let’s see…
You were at an undisclosed location with four LeTorque, a dog, and Zombie Wesson waiting for the plan to unfold.
Oh yeah. Well, like normal, the design was a triple-layered, so we bade time till…
It occurred.
What?
We are beyond then, Critical Mass was achieved.
But, I never mentioned the PR plan where…
Remember, Johnny, we were there. To condense time, a summary of events presented to the audience for considerations while you were in recovery mode.
Recovery mode?
Yes.
What recovery mode?
The one initiated when your biological welfare indicates duress.
Excuse me?
The serum we’ve been infusing has a profound effect on the metabolism. While talking, your brain’s been in overdrive, incorporating remembered events to enforce perception. This, of course, taxes one’s defenses, so rest and recovery is implemented.
Huh?
This will be in multi-dimensional form when the information is introduced. It consumes a lot of energy.
Still not getting it.
A dream, Johnathon, we told you, it will be embedded in a dream. In order to do so, we need more compelling evidence than the ramblings of a possible lunatic. Therefore, we extrapolate the necessary information through neurological impulses and convert them into extra-sensory perceptions.
You’re receiving my memories?
As close as we can, yes.
Amazing!
Yes it is amazing, but it’s also sugar intensive, which is why we’ve been sedating and shoveling food down your gullet upon arousal. It’s also the reason we’ve had time to insert relevant information for audience deliberation. 
So… what…?
Critical Mass was achieved.
Oh, okay… um…?
You were at the house with a yard.
Right, so anyway…
“Johnny?”
“Yes, George?”
“It’s time to go.”
With Homeless Shelter in full implementation, the next stage of operation dubbed Mission Control commenced.
“Vivian?”
“Yes, Sweetie?”
We were driving to the airport, George at wheel, Phillip in passenger seat, which left me and the two most gorgeous Vampires in entire universe…
All were imbued with beauty.
Yeah, well, some were imbued a bit more than others, the platinum blonde and incredible redhead testimonies to truthfulness.
And the serum.
Right, it too.
“Are you sure this is safe?”
“Driving? No, Sweetie, it most definitely is not safe. But, since our immune systems can overcome automotive tragedy, I don’t think…”
“Not the car.”
“No?”
“No, wasn’t thinking about George’s lack of commuter skills. Am now, but it’s beside the point, was thinking about Wesson, Spot, and Daemon.”
“Don’t worry. I’m sure the dog and Zombie will take good care of our young prodigy.”
She didn’t quite get it.
“Um… it’s not exactly what I meant.”
“It wasn’t?”
“No.”
Truth was, feared the other way around.
“Are you sure Zombies can’t die from overexertion?”
My worries stemmed from an earlier encounter.
“Hey, Wesson, how’s it going?”
“I’m dead, Sir, how do you think it’s going?”
Somehow, managed to avoid the man while waiting for Mankind to receive message and get out of town. It wasn’t because, disliked him or anything. He was one of my favorite Humans, probably because overweight detectives are like obese bloodhounds, good at tracking, bad with apprehension. He even gave off a diplomatic aura, always gentle and kind while explaining the reason his coworkers were placing someone in handcuffs for a ride to jail which would become their home away from home till convicted and sent to a larger, more secure environment. No, reason distance kept was the Zombie part, don’t trust them. They’re too predictable.
What?
Predictable, they always say the same thing.
“Go fetch my slippers.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
No matter what the request.
“Do the laundry.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
They respond without hesitation.
“Blow yourself up.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
It’s the servitude which bothers me.
It’s not their fault. They’re compelled…
Yeah, I know. They must do as told. It’s why, can’t put faith in them. Can never tell if they’re doing something because it’ll benefit the plan, or because they’re following orders from a Vamp who might have ulterior motives.
“Sir.”
“Yes, Wesson?”
“This bathroom is temporarily closed.”
Motives which might have nothing, whatsoever, to do with the reason stated.
“Closed? Why?”
“Gas leak, Sir.”
Reasoning which usually became clear when a Vamp arrived.
“Trudy, don’t go in there, Wesson said there’s a gas leak.”
“Oh, Johnny, you fell for it?”
They generally don’t lie. At least, not completely.
“I thought you said there was a gas leak?”
“There was, Sir. Mister Phillip ate beans for lunch and…”
So anyway, the whole idea of complete servitude bothers me. Shoot, idea of servitude itself is unsettling to belief system which is probably reason for questioning the pre-living gumshoe.
“So… uh… what’s it like?”
“What’s what like, Sir?”
We were in the living room, sitting on a couch, watching local news replay videotape of exploding housing market.
“Being a Zombie, how does it feel?”
“It’s horrifying, Sir.”
Kind of peculiar, interacted with living dead for such a long time, yet never asked the obvious question.
“What’s so horrifying about it?”
“Well, Sir. I’ve got an itch, can’t scratch, and my gums are bleeding, also I’ve developed a rash in my nether region and for some reason, can’t belch. It’s becoming rather unsettling to the stomach and…”
He rattled off about a hundred symptoms which sounded dreadful and contemplated an end to oratory explanation by ordering outside for yardwork when, all of a sudden, his eyes got very wide and a look of apprehension crossed face.
“What’s wrong?”
His answer came from another.
“There you are.”
She entered room and, swear, pallor of gloom fell over the dead man’s persona.
“Hi, Vivian.”
“Hello, Sweetie. Have you been keeping Wesson occupied?”
She asked in such an adorable way, couldn’t help but answer honestly.
“Yep, we’ve been discussing how awful it is to be a Zombie.”
Shouldn’t have said it…
“Oh, you have, have you?”
… because she turned attention to pudgy gentleman and explained true cause for living the non-life.
“Johnny, do you know why the detective is here?”
Now, knew he had a heart attack and also recognized overarching idea, his presence necessary. A companion for Daemon during times of unrest. Since it had to be Human, thought a detective with problem-solving skills as good a choice as any. What, didn’t know was logic behind choosing one, particular detective.
“Um… because of his winning personality?”
As we began to interact, Wesson became a bit more fidgety. He couldn’t leave since not commanded, so he sat still, slightly trembling, making me a little anxious in return. As it happens, were tables turned, been fidgety too.
“No, Dearie, not because of his winning personality. It’s because he had a widow-maker.”
“A what?”
She explained.
“A widow-maker, when a clogged artery denies oxygen to a portion of heart muscle. Since oxygen is somewhat important to the pumping-organ’s health, a large part died. Now, it’s not necessarily a mortal obstruction, it can be cured by medicine and managed through proper dietary intake. Both of which our moribund sleuth decided to avoid. Therefore, he was found in a Hospice home awaiting death from a disease…”
As she explained, a bead of perspiration began forming on dead-man’s forehead…
“… which was self-inflicted and completely avoidable if one took the appropriate steps…”
… and his lower lip began quivering...
“… steps which our former employee chose not to take because, apparently, they were too much effort…”
… and then he started mumbling...
“Oh no, not again…”
… which was somewhat quizzical…
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Mistress?”
… until she revealed why.
“Drop and give me twenty!”
The poor guy was her project. She took personal insult to the man.
“Get your belly off the floor!”
For her, life was a gift.
“Now roll over!”
It wasn’t something to be abused or mismanaged when alternate strategies available.
“Twenty sit-ups!”
She decided, since the man was to be companion of savior in Wolf’s clothing, he would need a personal trainer to work some fat off.
“Flutter kicks!”
The portly chump had no choice, under instruction and subject to orders. Would’ve been comical if… know what… it was comical.
“Huff!”
Got to give credit…
“Puff!”
… he tried…
“Pant!”
… but in the end, it made little difference, didn’t have time to undo a lifetime of pot-pies and cheese-fries. Did learn something though…
“You mealy-worm, pathetic excuse of flesh! You wretched piece of…!”
… Vivian would make a great life-coach.
She does have a way with words.
Yep.
“… slop-swilling, lard-licking, grease-gobbling, salt-snorting, sad sack of masculinity. Look at you, laying in your sweat and vomit…”
So, to get back on topic, there was concern for the Zombie’s survival.
“Don’t worry, Hon, he can’t die till I say so.”
But with her assurance, settled worries and sat back to enjoy the magnificent landscape of Dallas as we traveled to…
Excuse me.
Yes?
Magnificent landscape?
Yeah, you know, the uh… wide flat ground they’ve paved for transportation purposes.
Oh, okay, you’re being sarcastic. Thought for a moment, might be another Dallas, unaware existed.
Nope, just the developed cow pasture made famous by American football and Presidential execution…
All right, move along.
Okey-doke. Where…?
In the back seat of a vehicle driven by George, shot-gunned by Phillip, seated between Vivian and Trudy.
Right, well…
“We’re here.”
We arrived at airport the usual way, without announcement or fan-fare. Rear entrance preferred because it was separate from normal unloading dock where Humans deposited loved-ones with gusto of kids on Christmas morning.
Huh?
Have you ever seen how happy people are to rid themselves of relatives? It’s like a child-care drop-off spot…
“Okay, Mom and Dad. Thanks for visiting. We had a really fun time and I’m sad to see you go…”
“But our plane doesn’t leave for two more hours.”
… or a drive through coffee shop…
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Unfortunately, with the new security they’ve instigated, they recommend arriving early. Sadly, since I can’t enter the facility, we’ll just have to say our goodbye’s now.”
“But…”
… or even an auto-race pit-stop.
“Don’t let the car door hit you on the way out.”
“… our luggage is still in the…”
Vroom!
“… trunk.”
Not sure, and it’s probably unacceptable to say, but believe public is secretly happy, no longer obligated to family farewells at airline departure time.
Correct on both accounts.
Huh?
They are secretly pleased and it is unacceptable to mention.
Oh, okay. Well anyway…
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Trudy?”
“Look into my eyes.”
… fell for the stupid Vampire nail-tap thing and woke upon touchdown at next destination.
“This is it?”
“Yes, Johnny, this is it.”
 Houston…
“Huh, looks a lot like Dallas.”
… home of NASA…
“Except bigger.”
… center of Mission Control…
“Just as hot, though.”
… and place where global governance lifted off.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 11: Growing Aspiration
As the defendant rests it would seem appropriate to update actions of those in the hunt. As previously mentioned, end is nigh and only a few may claim the throne. One such is the defendant’s other sister-sibling, Merri Li, whose presence shall be expanded in review.
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hi, Nathan.”
We materialized in normal fashion, formally attired, attuned to the complexity of her wishes. She is quite possibly the greatest Vampire ever conceived. We never discussed the mundane, trite, tiresome ritual of the obvious. Greater schemes were chosen, those intended for Superior minds to comprehend.
“Nathan?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“Do Heavenly bodies bleed?” 
She is undisputed power of First Clan, forsaking a life of normalcy in return for glory. Much like her litter-twin, Melissa, she partnered with a sibling for sake of dominance. She is mate of Yin, Matriarch overseeing Europe and Africa, kin to Johnny, and source of world-wide reverence.
“Are you going somewhere, Mistress?”
“Yes, to eat.”
“Care for company?”
“Of course.”
As one may assume, the societal custom of mate-hood in Superior circles generally consists of sole Vampire and lone Werewolf in coupled partnership. The reasoning is obvious, two are better than one. Also, any offspring continue lineage and therefore, in a sense, they extend their rule. This has, and continues to be, the overwhelming majority among subject matter. But it is not complete. There are Wolves and Vamps who retain individuality. They’re a rarity and find themselves in perilous predicaments when confronted by a mated pair but they do exist. Furthermore, there are those who mate for power purposes alone. Johnny and Melissa make one such couple. They are siblings and, as such, do not conform to the usual definition of ‘mated’. Not sexually attracted and, as far as perceived, hold a viewpoint of ‘ick’ when issue breached. Merri Li and Yin are of the same mind.
“What’s for dinner?”
“Roast.”
The restaurant visited was located along the Mediterranean coast. It was a bustling adventure, booked so far in advance people wondered if it was not, in fact, a criminal front disguising itself as an eatery. It wasn’t.
“Hello, Mistress. Your table is right this way.”
“Thank you.”
It was run by a chef with palatal gifts. The food ran gambit from surf to turf and aromas emanating from kitchen known to cause passing pedestrians fainting spells with inhalation. It was frequented by royalty and impossible to reserve without recommendation from the rich and famous. For most, it was epitome of success to taste delights of culinary ingenuity.
“The usual, Mistress?”
“Of course.”
For her, it was a common appetizer.
“The chef asks, if he may visit the table?”
“He may.”
The food arrived with the man. As stated, it was roast. Beef, pork, poultry, and lamb accompanied with side dishes of such wonder, considered for a moment if Humanity might have a place in the universe.
“Is everything satisfactory, Mistress?”
“It is.”
The cuisine’s maker was Pierre, of Italian-Franco decent and bred to please. Everything was extraordinary. From the cutlery to napkin placement, all were in proper order and polished to perfection. Servants wore white tops and black bottoms. Diners wore formal attire with costumed adornments intended to impress. Merri Li wore a simple dress, garnishments not necessary, impressment implicit.
“Would you like dessert?”
“I would.”
Pierre scurried away to prepare the dish. As he did, customers could be heard complaining about the service for he neglected orders while visiting, table. The complaints were heard, registered, and responded with customary courtesy.
“Get out!”
The wishes of any Mistress took precedent.
“Don’t come back!”
The wishes of Merri Li took precedent behind the woodshed and beat it senseless. She sat across the table and conversation began.
“Is everything proceeding as planned?”
“It proceeds as designed.”
Her realm is multiple in nature, Mankind’s birthplace and epicenter, a fragmented community of ever shifting borders within the Euro-African landscape. Its problems, same as Americas’, alien invasion preparation without public participation. Humanity could not accept truth of Hellion intention and thus, forced to comply through removal and relocation by Superior coordination of Commercial Management throughout the Clans. Made possible because economies on Earth, intertwined at highest levels, ones which bred the lower, those of Superior origin. Our subjects took control of basics, not the nail, but mineral rights to ore which produces each miniature spike. Across the globe, economic turmoil was implemented for single purpose of movement, to shake things up. The LeTorque were rattling their cage. Merri Li, hers, while Yin broke his open with bloody savagery. Essentially, Superior subjects were digging in and kicking Mankind out. The only Humans left in major cities everywhere…
“Your mint, Madam.”
“Thank you, Pierre.”
… those of exceptional affluence or servants with remarkable skill. It was an odd combination when past considered, and subject broached while sipping after-dinner drinks on a seashore walkway.
“Why would you not keep the brutes and construction workers? They would seem to own the greatest assets.”
“Because, dearest one, it is not their assets I wish to own.”
We don’t know her inner thoughts on the subject, Melissa is much more forthcoming than her sister where Human welfare is concerned. Merri Li is not. She is concerned with progress, always has a plan in mind, even if others cannot see the design. To reinforce opinion, some historical relevance disclosed. As is sometimes the case, it began with a riddle.
 “What’s the secret to success?”
We responded with silence, refusing to take questions from one such as her, lightly. She has forever been formidable, a foe of feminine force the world has idolized since inception. But we get ahead of ourselves. 
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hi, Nathan.”
The time was Middle Ages for visual and technical perspective. Humanity harnessed the power of sword and horse but not gunfire. Wars were fought for elite purposes. Kings and Queens ruled with aristocratic blessing. Societies divided according to wealth, those who had it, governed, those who didn’t, died. Peasants formed large armies and battled for land acquisition. Fighting was savage, viscous and bloody. Men perished from pierced lungs, cleaved limbs, and mortal stabbings. The population of Humans dwindled from continual campaign of conquest and famine brought about by pillage and plunder. For Inferiors it was a brutal era. For Wolves, a feast.
“Where are you going?”
“To the marketplace.”
We appeared, attired in manner of time, long flowing robe with satchel and scabbard. The impression sought was of imperial nature, visiting nobility without pretense. She, as normal, dressed in black. No bracelet, earrings, or clutter. It was, and still is, a fashion without flaw.
“May I accompany?”
“You may.”
The carriage, horse-drawn with servant atop, arrived and we soon sat inside. The road bumpy and earth-worn, gravel not yet employed for transportation’s purpose. Upon arrival, craft departed. Merri Li exited without stumble. We did the same.
“What are you searching for?”
“Something unique.”
The market was filled with every form of particular personage. From common beggar to district duke, all appreciative of trade and amused by sights and sounds associated with such endeavors. As one should surmise, when moving, crowd parted. Much like the wake of waterborne vessel, a vacuum created and filled anew, Inferiors unaware yet unable to resist. It’s in her nature, where she leads, others follow.
“Is it much further?”
“No, just around the bend.”
The path traveled was lined on either side with merchants hawking goods and services. For one with means, a smorgasbord of wonder, anything could be purchased and nothing off-limits. For one such as her, it was meaningless drivel to be ignored. We rounded corner and a stand came into view.
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hello, Flo.”
Flo’s Forestry was a one-man operation run by single woman who, upon closer inspection, could pass as either gender. She was large, robust, and utterly devoted to Merri Li. She held many professions throughout life. From barmaid to castle-help, she worked tirelessly and without need of supervision. She caught Merri Li’s attention and was gifted gold in return. The shop with flowered essence was purchased soon after and she found comfort in presence of Nature’s bounty. She never inquired, never sought to answer the puzzle, why a stand of such potential, available. She merely nodded head and opened purse when Mistress remarked…
“You should think of gardening.”
… and morphed into proprietor of petals for purchasing public. She became wealthy and enjoyed a life of ease with help of Merri Li. She listened and learned, took advice seriously, and never hesitated when opinion proffered. She was smart in such ways. Her predecessor was not.
“Welcome to Pete’s Plants.”
Pete was a fool.
“What can I help you with?”
He had his chance and blew it.
“Do you have any tulips?”
When a Mistress inquires, it is wise to respond in the affirmative…
“Nope, don’t sell those. Too expensive to keep alive.”
… otherwise…
“Where’s Pete?”
“Pete’s pushing up daisies. They found him buried under a load of manure.”
… you’ll find oneself six feet under and another, taken over. One like Flo.
“Is it here?”
“Yes, Mistress, right this way.”
We made way through establishment and entered a back room. On wooden table in center sat a plant.
“Is it the one?”
“Yes, Mistress, it is.”
The flower was not particularly beautiful, single-stemmed, about one-foot high, potted without preamble. It was also beginning of scientific discovery. The idea arose the usual way, in mind of a Madam. She heard stories and found them irresistible.
“A man told me he could manipulate colors.”
The process was called splicing. It involved inserting a shoot from one plant into the stalk of another. When it produced offspring, a wide variety of variations was possible. It, in itself, was a remarkable discovery. What she envisioned was revolutionary.
“Come with me.”
We departed and arrived at her residence a short time later. She said to prepare for a grand celebration, we responded with a golden tonic, saber, and auburn cloak. Leaving after sundown, deposited with formal elegance at the estate of Baron importance. Upon entering, the crowd, already in full swing fell silent. Her appearance meant everything, social uprising possible with approval. As we strode through throng of elites, a feeling of euphoria gripped emotions. It was not because the festivities weren’t inviting, they were, all around abounded with precious artwork, marble floors of glistening white, precious stones worn by those who could afford nothing less. No, the reason for elation was centerpiece. As was custom, a table set for those deemed worthy of such honor. Her worthiness, never in doubt, so the Baron’s wife begged Madam to sit. And she did.
“Is it…?”
“Yes, Nathan, it is.”
The basic rule of gallantry was on full display. The party was thrown for public approval. If it went well, the Baron’s wife would garner lavish praise and possibly move higher in social order of time. With Merri Li’s appearance, her position was secure. While remaining unaware, Humans were nonetheless, cognizant of betters. She, obviously, better than any and thus, when she sat all became aware, place at the table. A place dictated by wealth. Wealth employed to hold extravagant galas meant to impress. Galas where those who held themselves above all others sat at tables adorned with crystal glassware and fine dishware. Dishware surrounding a centerpiece arranged by florist to the stars, one named Flo. Who included a particular tulip, which Merri Li lifted from display, brought to nose, and admired in silent splendor.
“Okay, we have to get some of those for our party.”
“Uh-huh, thinking the same thing.”
She was well aware her actions, knew precisely the response of those who relied on others’ approval for support. She had a design in mind and planted the seed which blossomed beyond expectation. It would later implode of its own volition. Whether planned or not, we never proctored for one thing is known with absolute certainty. Merri Li does not leave things to chance.
…

Session 12: Land of Plenty
Slurp
Stop it.
Slurp… stop what?
Slurping, stop the slurping.
I can’t, this bisque is too… slurp… good.
Please don’t, it’s very annoying.
All right. Let me get one more… slurp… Yaagh!
We asked politely.
Son of a… Yaagh!
We’re not opposed to the enforcement of will via interrogative techniques.
Mother… Yaagh!
Sigh.
Mommy.
Are you through?
Are you going to zap me again?
We only zapped you once. The other two were of your own volition.
Huh?
No swearing, Johnny.
But…?
It’s a non-negotiable arrangement, employ colorful language and receive negative feedback.
But…?
Continue, please.
But…?
Continue or receive further encouragement. Remember, we can do this all day and have no qualms, frying you like a slab of bacon.
What?
Sorry, may have spoken a bit hastily there…
Dude!
Forgive us, we’re sure there’s no need to emphasize the point anymore. But, for sake of auditory tranquility, please refrain from creating such disturbances.
Huh?
Slurping and swearing will result in pain. Don’t do either.
Um… okay. Not positive, agreed to…
You did.
I did?
Yes.
When?
When you entered our domain. Now, begin where you left off.
Where…?
In Houston, with the LeTorque, visiting NASA.
Oh, yeah…
“We’re here.”
We were greeted at the airport by two Wolves, both from Food Tribe which, thought a little odd till Vivian reminded…
“Oil is fuel, fuel is food, Sweetie.”
… Houston is not only cutting edge in the space-race but also top source of refinement for liquid power. As such, Food pretty much ran the city.
“Right this way.”
Luckily for us, we controlled Third Clan which meant…
“Hop in.”
… the massive truck they brought was at our disposal. Unfortunately…
“I’m driving.”
… since the power was ours, George received the keys, and we soon found the giant, step-sister-city of Dallas, remarkably similar in one specific area.
“My goodness, how does anyone get anywhere?”
Traffic was horrendous.
“Move it!”
Nobody went fast.
“Step on the gas!”
It seemed we hit every light at all intersections without exception. Believe, if George not a Wolf and impervious to stressful damage, he’s be dead from vehicular umbrage.
Umbrage?
Yeah, he took personal exception to other motorists attempting navigation through the maze of congested thoroughfares.
“Go already!”
Only positive thing about the ordeal was acquaintances made, Wolves from Food. They were part of Mobile family and our chaperones…
Mike and Mark?
Yeah, you know them?
Of course, we know every Superior created.
Oh yeah, keep forgetting you’re a rolodex of irrelevant information.
Watch it.
Fine, still a little ticked off at the slurping thing, though.
Get over it.
Easier said than done. Anyway…
“So… uh… hi, name’s Johnny and…”
Made introductions, not sure why, but began with the obvious. Probably due to seating arraignments…
What about it?
Well…
“George is at the wheel, Phillip’s up front, Vivian and Trudy are middle seats, which leaves the rest….”
… I got placed between the twins. Twins born Wolves. Large Wolves. Enormous Wolves.
“So… uh… live here long?”
Felt like a prop, a midget ragdoll seated between brutes who were at the same time, both young enough to know place in pecking order yet old enough to think of challenging for status. Now, they weren’t about to initiate anything with Phillip and George…
They aren’t crazy.
No, they aren’t. But they are ambitious. And very large.
“What do you guys weigh?”
Those Wolves topped the scales at three-hundred-twenty-five apiece. Meant, both more than doubled my weight individually. Which further meant, was feeling particularly insignificant between the two. Which even more further meant, when we hit a pothole…
“Ack!”
… almost crushed in the process.
“Oh, sorry, little man.”
“Yeah, me too, sorry.”
Don’t have a good recollection of the ride, couldn’t see out windows because on either side sat mounds of Mobile and in front, two Vampires, and before them, another pair of monumental males. Everywhere, Superior shapes and sizes. Recall stating…
“This sucks.”
… and about to ask if maybe, could do some form of odd lap-dancing to get a better look at surroundings when things altered in their usual way.
“Anyone hungry?”
So, after the chorus of…
“Yes!”
… rang out, we found ourselves in a hamburger shop catering to those who live in congested sprawl. A sprawl, might add, which is confounding when one thinks about it.
What are you talking about?
How can a city of space-exploration and energy-refinement not handle simple traffic transportation?
It’s because… huh… know what? No idea.
Thank you.
You’re welcome. Now, continue.
Okey doke…
“Welcome to Ham’s!”
Ham’s Hamburgers was a greasy dive located on the main strip and served a variety of foods one would expect from a city of oil.
“What can I get you?”
Everything was deep-fried.
“The menu.”
From mozzarella sticks to mini-tacos…
“I’m sorry?”
“The menu, pickles, make everything and make it fast, we’ve got a world of work ahead.”
… things were dipped in fat and seared to a golden brown for extra crispiness. It leant an air of ease to the establishment which was probably needed. You see, believe before we sat and broke hushpuppies with the Mobiles, there might’ve been some tension. It was normal due to one small quirk which Mark or Mike brought up… could never tell difference between the two…
It’s because they were part of the same litter.
Yeah, figured as much. Anyway, one of them said…
“It’s weird.”
… and I replied…
“What’s weird?”
… because it’s what one does when someone mentions an open-ended comment without substantiation.
“I know everyone’s one of us, it’s obvious up close. Except for you, Wolf Johnson…”
“Call me Johnny.”
“All right, Johnny. I can’t sense your presence. It’s as though you’re Human…”
Now, most of the time, those were fighting words. There’s nothing which gets a Wolf’s hide in a hackle more than comparison to the lesser kind. The fact, Phillip and George restrained themselves was, in humble opinion, due to chicken-fried steak-sandwiches consuming their attention. Assuming consumption would eventually end, a response required.
“It’s because, I’m a Cloak.”
Explained entire process because neither of the mountain-men had been properly prepped. Oh, they’d been told to expect something different…
“Pick up the LeTorque. Look for presence without essence. They will be accompanied by one who appears… lesser.”
… but they weren’t fully briefed on my abilities.
“You hide scent?”
“Yep.”
It was fun talking with the two, they held an innocent quality which led to casual conversation while ingesting the battered bounty of lard-cooked meat on buttered buns, and was having a great time discussing things of importance until subject of sports arose.
“It’s redundant.”
The topic was football, their city sported a team called the Texans.
“Is there another Houston?”
It was awarded a franchise because one previously followed, one everyone associated with land of gas, the Oilers, were relocated.
“It’s repetitive nonsense.”
George’s point was fairly logical.
“Now, if you called yourselves the Houston Californians, I might concede, you’ve got an intriguing name. Maybe people would open an Atlas to inquire if there was a Houston on the left coast. But you didn’t. You called yourselves one thing which means, essentially, the same thing. All Houstonians are, by definition, Texans.”
So, while the catfish in egg-milk coating might soothed most unintended insults, it was no match when someone brought up the one state Texas looks upon with complete bewilderment.
“Did you just compare us to California?”
Would surmise, if Vampires not present, Ham’s Hamburger Stand would no longer stand. Wolves don’t limit loss to the living alone.
“Boys!”
But there were Vamps.
“No more sports!”
Powerful Vamps.
“Or politics!”
Smart Vamps.
“Or anything to do with Country music!”
So they grudgingly agreed not to murder each other for mascot’s sake and everyone got back in the truck, drove to an enormous compound with security guards stationed in bullet-proof booths ,who waved us through as we entered command center of NASA.
“Huh? Seemed rather easy...”
It was possible because oil was profitable.
What?
Give me one minute to explain.
“Trudy?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
We were walking down a long corridor of linoleum flooring, polished to a mirror shine by custodians of interstellar exploitation.   
“How did we gain access so quickly?”
“Because we own the place, Dear.”
It derived from a previous time, one which changed the world, the moon landing.
“We own NASA?”
“Yes, Dear, how do you think society funded the program?”
Never fully considered difficulties of placing someone on the nearby, neighborly, space-rock. It turns out, advancements necessary for the trip, extremely expensive.
“… so we loaned both land and money in exchange for absent oversight and future transportation prioritization. The profits derived from petroleum were enough to cover costs and with knowledge previously implanted by…”
Hold on.
Yes?
Were you about to explain the underlying reason Mankind achieved rocket technology?
Um… guess so.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 12: Masterpiece Theater 
We’ve placed the defendant in time-out due to coincidental information occurrence. The account began will be enhanced by further recollection.
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hi, Nathan.”
The era was, as before, Middle Ages, and its topic, again, the lovely Merri Li.
“Are you going somewhere?”
“Yes, old friend, I’m off to see an intriguing man.”
Her words were subtly spoken yet held influence. While we may be observational in vocation, we are susceptible to perfected feminine formulation.
“May I accompany?”
“You may.”
Attired in fine linen with embroidered design, rode a steed of thoroughbred lineage as she, clad in ebony gown, mirrored alongside. After arrival, dismounted, tethered horses to hitch, and knocked on residential door. The abode was a four-story townhouse made of stone and adorned with wrought-iron trappings. It was not particularly elegant yet retained an air of indulgence. Would later discover man who called place home was not the actual owner. Instead, he was an artist of renowned fame who found shelter under benefactors. His current employer lent the house in exchange for service. A service Merri Li also desired.
“Hello, Mistress.”
The image reported since, describes an elderly scribe with beard and long hair. The one which met us at entrance did, indeed, contain both attributes. Yet not in such a manner as Human historians would suggest. Instead of scribe, he resembled a hermit.
“Hello, Leo”
Leo was an insufferable sort, continually agitated with an advanced form of angst. How he managed to attain such heights of glory before encountering the Matriarch of First is something questioned but discarded for he was mortal and, thus, undeserving of further scrutiny.
“How may I be of service?”
“I would like my portrait painted.”
Taken slightly back by the pronouncement for it was counter to very being. Vampires are infamous for anonymity. They take great strides to keep themselves unknown, from early infancy, practicing the art of deception, taken so far as to develop an informal challenge of sorts, a game of skill as it were, the competition for Vampire Supremacy, Madam Superior. What was not known, what could not be predicted, she was laying the groundwork for declaration, undisputed champion.
“Of course, Mistress, right this way.”
“Thank you.”
The man led us up a stairway to an attic chamber where the tools of his trade were scattered in random disorder. An easel with empty canvas stood in the middle, paints with brushes littered the floor and, if not for her belief in his ability, would considered him a madman with cluttered mind and matching quarters.
“Please sit.”
She did so and his attention turned toward our personage. In order to offer a friendly rejoinder, we smiled. It was ineffectual. Could sense wariness emanating from his pores. He was distrustful of strangers and beyond ability to alter emotion. It was not beyond hers.
“This is Nathan, my advisor and trusted friend.”
It put him at ease and he began to prepare.
“Leo?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“May I speak while you work?”
He, of course, indicated she should not do otherwise and, consequently, began the subsequent stage in Mankind’s quest for knowledge. It is also why we interrupted Confessional for Vampires do not plan according to time, they plan according to need. It was the era where rockets were borne. She planted the image he would impart upon others, speaking of wonders, visages allowed revealed, tales of Heaven’s delights and future of things to come. We gave free reign within Clause confines and witnessed the man’s eyes widen as brush captured Merri Li’s likeliness. He was as a child, awestruck by what was possible, probable even, if his kind could maintain life and survive time’s turmoil.
“… machines will fly, disease will die…”
As she enthralled his mind, we grasped the hidden meaning. Although subject matters were advanced beyond abilities of those who sprang from genetic lineage…
“… and all will venture to space…”
(Note: Superior Reduction; Human Inspiration. Ref. 23)
… they were, nonetheless, dependent upon Inferiors. The answer to such perplexing trait, as is sometimes the case, emerged from a deficiency necessary for control purposes.
“… my people have no need for furthering…”
“You’re people, Mistress?”
“Yes, Leo, my people. You will not remember these words, but we are a different breed. What your kind lack, mine possess. Unfortunately, such possession leads to stagnation. As such, we need your desperation for advancement so…”
She spoke for weeks, returning every day to sit and talk without interruption as we stood silent vigil and marveled at wonders produced from spoken words alone. The man absorbed all while working, every sense aflame with desire for the Madam sitting before him. When portrait was finished, she stood and offered compensation.
“What do I owe?”
He answered as any would.
“I cannot take your money, Mistress.”
She never purchased but always payed notice to those who did bidding.
“You must take something.”
“I cannot.”
His protestation was humbly said, yet held reserve of conviction
“Perfection cannot be purchased. It cannot be bought, sold, or owned. It is priceless and must be given as a gift.”
He spoke in bowed head and reverent voice. She accepted homage and departed. We glanced back while riding away, hermit with artistic touch, openly weeping on the street. She has such effect on others, ecstasy and depression with every encounter.
…

Session 13: System Shock
Knock-knock.
Yaagh!
Flop
…
(mini-BREAK)
…
Session 13 (cont.): Boosted Fortune
You okay?
Yeah, I’m all right.
We are so sorry.
It’s not your fault.
Yes it is. Next time we shall ring a bell.
A bell?
Yes, a jingle shall announce arrival.
Um… okay…
Please continue.
Sure… uh…
You were at NASA.
Oh, right…
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hello, General.”
The Wolf met was an anomaly. His name was Meade but no one called him so. They called him General. Even other Generals called him General. He was large, in charge, and a freak to behold.
“Please, follow me.”
“As you wish.”
Everyone acknowledged as we walked. And, man, let me tell you, it was the coolest stroll ever taken.
“Attention!”
“As you were.”
All saluted. From custodial staff to congressional delegates, they did the same thing. It was natural because he was, unquestionably, the most dangerous creature around. Don’t know why he never took complete control…?
He was misprinted.
Huh?
A mistake, Johnny, when devising his character we inadvertently placed emphasis on defense. It compromised the need for dominance and, thus, he became merely a weapon…
He’s a wickedly cool one!
Yes, admittedly. Now, please proceed.
All right…
“All rise!”’
“Be seated.”
We entered a room packed with Wolves. The entire fleet was there. It was so intimidating, nearly wet myself.
“Sweetie?”
“Yes, Vivian?”
“Quit trembling.”
Couldn’t help it. My complete being was assaulted with the power at hand. Every Wolf in attendance controlled his domain. All domains were under the General’s command. A command he took from very few others. A few in the room. Including me.
“Sweetie?”
“Yes Vivian?”
“Quit whimpering.”
We had means to control the world in one place at one time and it was easy to do.
“Operation Doomsday will commence.”
The military became primary means from then on. It wasn’t difficult because any Wolf entering the structure found himself at top in rapid succession. It didn’t matter which service…
“Captain on deck!”
… or branch…
“Admiral on board!”
… if he was in command, he was a Wolf. Now, we obviously didn’t have enough Wolves to perform both Private and Public services, so we compromised and placed accordingly.
“You are the elite. The best of the best…”
What took place in the room was a call to arms. The Wolves who chose Service were now in charge. They still took advice from the Commercial side of Clan governance, but we pretty-much gave them free reign to roam.
“You will initiate Martial Law immediately…”
They would leave and control the world’s response to Hellion’s incursion without further orders. The plan had been written before. We, merely giving consent to proceed. NASA was chosen because every Wolf in attendance was of importance. When called away, they would be missed, and response of…
“NASA.”
… to question of…
“Where’s the General?”
… was deemed a rock-solid answer. It also helped, we had another mission under Mission Mission-Control…
Excuse me?
Yes?
Mission Mission-Control?
Uh-huh.
Okay, just checking.
You’re not going to ask, why two Missions?
Nope, it’s pretty obvious.
All right. Well, anyways… 
“Would you like anything else imparted, Mistress?”
“No, General.”
… first part of Mission Mission-Control was completed quickly, amount of time it took to issue orders…
“Proceed!”
… and the Wolves respond.
“Hoo-rah!”
Don’t know what ‘Hoo-rah’ meant…
It’s an indication of support and acknowledgement…
… but, imagine ‘yes’ would be a good guess because all left with wicked grins when realizing, dreams were coming true, we were taking over and they, means to do so. Time had come to emerge from shadows because, quite frankly, light was becoming too bright. Humans were not going to overlook planetary invasion…
No, they couldn’t.
… so there was no need to lay in wait. We didn’t know precisely, but fairly certain, when aliens appeared Mankind would notice. And resulting shock would be extreme. So extreme, they would look around and notice a few others, also not so normal.
It would be impossible for them to remain oblivious.
Uh-huh. So the gig was up. All hands on deck. When the announcement made…
(Note: Proclamation Declaration; Superior Timing. Ref. 24)
… we had our starting date. Now, didn’t know exactly when the date would arrive, so chose to choose ourselves.
What?
The reason we were in Houston.
Oh sorry. For simplicity’s sake, please again, summarize where you were, who you were with, and for what reason.
All righty, we were at NASA headquarters with the Mobile twins and General Meade. While there, we thought it prudent to summon the defense force which, thanks to Big Oil and Space-Race Department, was surprisingly simple. Shoot, we were at the launchpad of Earth with biggest runway on planet. Those Wolves flew themselves in and then… whoosh… flew themselves out. Some even did loops while departing. 
“Was it all of them, General?”
“Yes, Mistress.”
“Then take us to the ship.”
Moved in a group down another long corridor till reaching a pair of double-doors...
It’s linguistically incorrect.
Huh?
You’re visualizing a single portal while vocalizing two.
What?
Never mind. Just continue.
Okay… uh… we walked through doors and got on golf carts which drove to an inspection point where a rocket sat, perched.
“Wow!”
“What a big bullet!”
It was huge, a giant metal missile of Mission Control rested on a bed of concrete, waiting for command to launch.
“Is it ready, General?”
“Yes, Mistress.”
“Then give the order.”
And so without ceremony, without any representative for historical purposes, plan began. From then forward, moment of future alteration known and Vamps able to design accordingly because time controlled. We held a starter’s-pistol, and the rocket, our shot heard ‘round the world.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 13: Appraising Appeal
The defendant’s account coincides with recorded, first-hand witness recollection, affording opportunity of fulfillment, education through analogy for comprehension purposes. It is intended to indicate Superior design, the construct of Vampire desire. In order to offer relation, Merri Li was chosen representation of kind as a whole. Please remember, she is a contestant under current consideration. The time, once again, was Middle Ages.
“Hello Mistress.”
“Hi, Nathan.” 
The event was merging of two incidents, the tulip and portrait, combining both in bid for acclimation without recognition. The two became one with utterance of a single flippant word. Vamps are finicky in ways.
“Miss Merri Li… Mistress Merri Li!”
It was first greeting, one without proper title-ending which signaled shift. Again, don’t know if it was planned beforehand, never sought the answer, but reason suggests otherwise. As does history. And current events… but we digress.
“Yes?”
The woman was adult in age-classification only, her mentality as a child, selfish without thought to consequence. Ideas which would cost her dearly.
“I would like, once again, to express my gratitude for your appearance at my ball. It was a wonderful event.”
The Baron’s wife had, indeed, claimed fame from Superior visitation. The entire country was awash with flower-power’s possibility. It was not coincidental.
“Flo?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
“Corner the market on tulips. Buy everything and leave the transport to me.”
Merri Li used Wolves for both delivery and sabotage, profiting from sale of those allowed entry and enhancing value through scarcity due to danger from unsanctioned trade without Clan approval. Wolves both protected and hijacked cargo. The combination of guaranteed arrival or loss dependent upon Superior security raised capitol further than the overinflated price of Nature’s pretty-little-gift grown in dirt. First Clan was making a fortune.
“How much for the tulip?”
“One copper. But it’s worth it. I heard the Mistress adores these beauties.”
All of higher society bought in. They could not do otherwise for once precedent became established, once those who judged others made decisions based on petal preference, the entire structure of aristocratic seeding became based on Merri Li’s product. A product she endorsed.
“How much?”
“Five copper. But it’s worth it. I heard the Mistress…”
A product she promoted.
“How much?”
“Nine copper. But it’s worth it. I heard…”
A product with a profit ratio of infinite proportion, price of rainwater versus income derived from allowing sunlight to shine. The first bubble in history of recorded economic theory. It would, of course, burst. Otherwise it would be described differently.
“You must come by my next event. I have obtained the prettiest thing in the world.”
It was those words which caught our attention, for they caught hers.
“Oh?”
Hers, whose attention is best left unattended.
“Yes! It’s a bulb of perfection! I acquired it from my secret source …”
Now, Merri Li was well aware the bulb in question was probably a nice representation of her grand design on a smaller scale. She had a manufacturing-line in the tropics producing Botany’s genetic gift of hand-crafted flowers working overtime to fulfill orders. She was, at the time and ever since, single-most successful Superior in realm of Wealth. She was also, unfortunately for the Baron’s wife, still ticked off about title omission.
“Maybe we should have an auction to find out? In order to promote the event, I shall proffer a unique, one-of-a- kind gift from the Tulip Trade itself.”
The baron’s wife couldn’t believe her luck. So, to the shout of…
“Oh my God! Yes!”
… the entire thing was blown completely out of proportion. It became an event. Royalty were urged to endorse the spectacle by socialites and members of First Clan. A Clan flooded with gold earned in trade of tulips guarded by Wolves. Wealthy Wolves. Wolves with access to Humans with excessive incomes…
“Do it for the money.”
 … and overinflated egos…
“Do it for the glory.”
… and claims of inherited superiority…
“Do it for charity.”
... but not, necessarily, courage.
“Do it or die.”
The day arrived and entire kingdom in attendance. Not auction itself, the festival which grew for posterity’s sake. It was an easy sell to the population. Grow a flower, enter competition, win money. Furthermore, entire thing, every tent, table, and tankard of ale was provided free by the sponsors, First Clan Trade.
“This is freaking awesome!”
Atmosphere was electric and further encouraged when rumor surfaced the main event, auction, pitting of perfected bulb versus Trade’s entrant, would be conducted in Nature’s name, hence, all proceeds garnered given to community as a whole.
“Double freaking awesome!”
Upon arrival at the Baron’s estate a throng of uninvited guests met our coach. Merri Li, wore multi-layered silk as we took shape of chivalrous companion with impeccable manners and a short-sword for those who might challenge our principles. It was an effective deterrent for, in those times, a man of means could murder with impunity. We flowed through the crowd and entered residence.
“Hello, Mistress.”
A maid in black-white dress answered the door, led way through a mini-palace to interior, garden greenhouse designed within structure, and finally greeted by the hostess herself, one with hopes of more.
“Hello, Mistress, thank you so much for coming.”
Any who held assumptions they were of unique status merely employed open-eyes to see, they were indeed, a select few. The Humans in atria were the leaders, rulers of cites, villages, fiefdoms, elite who controlled Mankind and benefitted greatly in return. All were present and entered in competition agreeing to cede whatever winnings  to popular locales. Also, every single one, encouraged to make offers of their own.
“Hold on, I’m supposed to give away my tulips and bid on other flowers?”
“Yes.”
They did so because the alternative was unthinkable.
“What if I say ‘no’?”
“You’ll offend the Clan.”
Calculations were rapidly done and for scientific purposes, the numbers run. Conclusion, average amount wagered per tulip throughout festivities excluding final entrant was seventy percent bidders’ annual income. Which meant…
“Okay, first item for sale, one white bulb.”
… things went from silly to insane in a hurry.
“Ten gold!”
“Twenty gold!”
“One-hundred gold!”
From first bid to climax of competition, the exchange of currency set a new watermark for wealth distribution. While it may sound illogical, those winning war of higher-offerings were, in actuality, benefitting. The reason, again, the bubble. It was near bursting point yet still intact. Which meant its capacity was enormous. For an example we will use white bulb mentioned moments earlier. Before the sale, its estimated value was one silver. After…
“The winner, for two-hundred-twenty gold…!” 
… it increased beyond speculation and entered transcendent territory. It was worth price of a cottage. It was also first contestant, basement level, others followed.
“Next up, a yellow with purple highlights of exceptional…!”
Throughout day those who held natural interest saw their investments explode exponentially. They were becoming wealthier because what dictated value, spindly plant with genetic possibilities, was viewed appraisingly with each passing bid.
“Five-hundred gold!”
Time arrived. We moved from indoor, horticulture alcove to outdoor amphitheater erected for auction’s benefit. As we took seats, a note made of surroundings. Baron owned land on a slope, stage placed below, giving proceedings an arena effect. Masses of Humanity without monetary measurement took seats around perimeter. In every tree, on all hillsides, they stood or sat with patience their kind known to exemplify.
“Get on with it already!”
The auctioneer did.
“The second-to-last item is the entrant from Tulip Trade!”
A shrouded object was placed center-stage with careful consideration for climatic effect. It wasn’t every day the Clan appeared for all to see, even in flowered form. The crowd began murmuring. They expected the anticipated, a record price to re-tally group as a whole. Whichever bid won would become standard for it was guaranteed to push envelope’s edge. Reasoning lacked complexity…
“Bid on some but save most for the Trade’s presentation.”
… because there was no downside to winning what the Clan considered representable. Even the Baron’s wife, given honor of final entrant, conceded, she could not win. She didn’t care, if only third place, her bulb of perfection remembered as seed which sprouted petals of gold and be appraised accordingly. There was scant consideration of underwhelming interest because exuberance on display was beyond ration. All thought value of their miracle foliage to only increase in time and therefore, whoever had wherewithal to overcome affluent bidding would benefit down road by owning greatest tulip in cultivated history. Auctioneer signaled to begin the process…
“Let’s remove this shroud…”
… and crowd let out a…
“Gasp!”
… for what was expected did not emerge.
“Is it…?”
“Yes, Nathan, it is.”
The image painted by Leo, artist who would later be proclaimed among finest ever, was set on easel in plain sight. A stunned silenced followed. Then broke in hushed tones… 
“It’s magnificent.”
“It’s marvelous.”
“It’s divine.”
… except one…
“It’s not a tulip!”
… particularly inebriated individual who was promptly shushed.
“I thought we were bidding on tulips?”
They were witnessing the power of attraction, what Merri Li brought as she sat and spoke with Leo. He in turn brought imagination. His mind was an impressive one for lesser kind, able to grasp concepts of future technologies and record them in written form so others might finish what started. Furthermore, he held talent of artistic design, his paintings sold for impressive numbers while he still lived, a difficult feat for artists of any time. He was, in fact, the perfect instrument for her plans of supremacy.
“Okay… uh… I guess we’ll start the bidding...”
“All I have!”
“Everything I own!”
“Everything and all future earnings!”
The Humans, in their defense, were defenseless, minds unable to comprehend the image of beauty captured by artist of Master standing, one who worked in rapture, three feet from a being designed with enticement as a means of success. What he placed on canvas was his version of perfection. The crowd, of course, went wild.
“I must have it!”
“Give it to me!”
“It’s mine!”
“Seriously… what happened to the tulips?”
As situation raged out of control, it afforded a moment to query lovely Vampire responsible, a little anxious about intentions, her actions, contrary to upbringing.
“Mistress, are you going to let them purchase an image of you?”
The answer was reassuring…
“Of course not.”
… but troubling to comprehend because event unfolding, incomprehensible. The auctioneer finally chose among select few considered bidders and to shouts of…
“Shut up and take your seats!”
…strode to podium for announcement.
“Mistress?”
“Don’t worry, Nathan.”
Should have realized, everything as designed yet, in the moment, did not.
“We have a high bidder!”
Instead, witnessed with worry as Humans approached the unthinkable. Don’t know reaction if ending were different. It may have been necessary to begin experiment anew. But needn’t fear, for as said, she never leaves things to chance. A recording as two sounds echoed concurrently. The first was auctioneer’s pronouncement…
“And the winner is…!”
… the second, not.
GROWL
Sound, circumference in nature, surrounding all. Deep, low, menacing vibrations emitted from darkened shadows behind ring of spectators encircling round amphitheater, causing involuntary shudder to awaken, followed by spontaneous spasms of muscular paralysis as audience innate defenses sprang to attention. Death was there. Quickly followed by every beings reaction when confronted with extermination by top predator…
DON’T MOVE
… there was nothing they could do…
NOT A SINGLE TWITCH
… so they did it. They sat perfectly still and employed the strategy of invisibility without ability to perform said act. We’re not here to diminish response for it was effective, surprisingly so. No, we’re here to point out, they had no alternative. Wolves have been hunting Humans at leisure since Mankind emerged. Inferiors’ response developed alongside and rewarded those who stood still, kept quiet, and prayed deeply. No reason to run for it made things worse, from quick death to slow, stalking, terrifying ordeal with tortuous ending as reward. It was into silent defense mode, Merri Li’s voice was heard...
“Please, proceed.”
… which shocked people further for true power was on display. First Clan was there. Not a portion, every Wolf within range was watching with outrage as something they would not tolerate occurred before their eyes, a Matriarch on sale at Inferior pricing. But Mistress Merri Li herself ordered it done. So it did. 
“Um… okay… the winner is…”
GROWL
And another shudder emerged followed by contraction of all motor functions when, again…
“Hush!”
… complete silence as Wolves quieted by Matriarchal privilege.
“Continue.”
The man had few options. He was paid to auction items for a price. An object of immense value sat on a dais illuminated by torchlight, lending its natural glow and enhancing further appeal. We admit, it appeared of Masterpiece quality. Humanity certainly believed so…
“She’s resplendent.”
“So marvelous.”
“And divine.”
… for the art at work was impressive to behold. It was surmised, Merri Li planning something, but never queried for fear of violating Clause by offering advice without request. Since she was of Vampire bearing, nothing proffered without purpose. We remained still and recorded everything to memory. Time, again, Middle Ages. Place, an auction at Baron-wife’s house. Setting, an amphitheater filled with Humans surrounded by Wolves. Focus, an image like no other, painting of inner beauty on a stand, onstage. An item with bids submitted under condition known as irrational-exuberance…
(Note: Overinflated Estimation of Self-Evaluation, A Dummies Guide for the Poor Investor. Ref. 25)
… which enhanced an already-frenzied crowd into further tizzy by bidding on what they could not, and most definitively should not, possess. The origin of such a wonder sat beside our form. We, in turn, occupied a wooden balcony erected for her benefit. The auctioneer appeared with a slip of paper in hand, purchaser’s name to be revealed.
“Okay, um…”
He appeared reluctant.
“The… uh… winner…”
Because bidder with most to lose, wealthy aristocrat who placed highest order, was reversing commitment in record fashion.
“I made it up! I don’t have any money!”
The crowd was hearing none of it.
“Yes you do!”
They made the strange connection between portrait-possession and death. We can’t fault for design calculated and they caught unawares, event altered, finding themselves in a bid for life, emphasized further whenever auctioneer swayed slightly in direction of Meri Li’s painted profile…
Grrr
… and a spine-tingling reminder rumbled from surrounding countryside.
“All right, enough already, let’s get rid of this guy!”
The man with most was toast, his brethren more than happy to toss him to Wolves in exchange for time. We witnessed his eyes widen when realization took hold. His mouth began stammering as wales of…
“I lied! I’m broke!”
… went ignored. Auctioneer raised hand and pointed a finger at frightened man…
“The winner is…”
… who only managed…
“Bankrupt? How about bankrupt? Come on people, you know I’m not good for it!”
… when everything changed.
“Stop!”
A voice emerged from the throng, one raised in filth and grown to heights unperceived by own admittance.
“Hello, Flo.”
“Hello, Mistress.”
Two spoke as though alone, surrounded by others sitting silent, Humanity’s Visible-Invisible response system functioning appropriately with Wolves on the prowl.
“May I speak?”
Merri Li nodded head in assent.
“I would like to offer a new bid.”
The auctioneer looked at woman in floral design and if correct… yes… the two would later marry. But back then, he looked at her and said…
“I’m sorry Ma’am, the auction is closed.”
… to which a screamed…
“Are you freaking crazy? Let the woman bid!”
… emerged from winning bidder himself. Auctioneer looked perplexed and hesitant before glancing in Merri Li’s direction. She nodded and audience fell quieter, holding communal breath, waiting for the woman named Flo to speak. So she did.
“In return for your favor and keeping faith, I propose a trade…”
We turned to subject at hand, Merri Li, Matriarch of First Clan, and paid particular attention to nerve impulses at tissue level, dermal surface called skin. A singular gene which alters pigment along prism scale implanted. It’s a fascinating mechanism and one quite proud of. But again, we digress. Paying attention to the Madam’s face, we looked for any sign of awareness, some indication, recognition, a hint of what to come. Found none and returned  focus to florist with rosy aspirations.
“… the final entrant in exchange for your precious offering. We would not be purchasing your invaluable charitable contribution, but instead expressing our admiration for your entrant through the time-honored tradition of gift-giving...”
There was a pause, then more murmuring, as audience questioned each other in whispered wonder...
“What’s going on?”
“Equal trade, top tulip for portrait.”
… and worry.
“Are we going to die?”
“I hope not.”
All waited for Merri Li’s answer, she gave nothing away, sitting with elegance of untouchable quality which found crowd, again, under mum protocol implicit with Visible-Invisibility theory.
gulp
shh
Nothing moved and we checked live-time status. It was operating normally, everything else was not. Scanned for any fluctuations in record and verified anomaly, natural occurrence of mass muscle-polarization, all hearts beating as one. An odd event of Nature found in more hive-like societies but not limited to such species alone. The following interval was uncomfortable and began wondering how long Wolves would wait when, finally, auctioneer realized person to speak, one paid for vocal output, was himself.
“Mistress, do you accept?”
She nodded her head affirmatively and economic control took inherent value by throat and squeezed. The last item was brought onstage, lovely bulb of Baron’s wife. Auctioneer faced general assembly and bellowed…
“The bidding will start at one-thousand gold!”
… which echoed…
“Two-thousand!”
“Three-thousand!”
“Four…”
... as a Vampire witnessed Humanity value her looks. End-game quickly became obvious...
“Okay, if we pool money together…”
… because goal was surprisingly modest, own a piece of the puzzle. Bid on Baron-wife’s tulip-bulb, exchange it for priceless artwork on display before very eyes, and in return curry favor of Mistress in Matriarchal form controlling Wolves stalking perimeter in agitated furor. Also, deal held incredible potential. Especially in tulip futures.
“How much?”
“A lot.”
The price of final entrant would stamp her approval on what product was worth. She, in turn, would reevaluate accordingly. Every tulip in the county was about to experience a growth in its already expanded price to earnings ratio. In essence, what they were bidding on was wealth. Royalty of realm who’d taken a wondrous ride of escalating incomes were about to receive a cherry atop the whipped-surmounted iced cream-cone.
“We’re getting richer?”
“Yep, so long as she agrees.”
The obstacle was, obviously, ring of death surrounding paying public while goal, twofold. Raise price of tulips by bidding on top flower and exchange for Masterpiece. Exchange was the kicker. Without it, nothing could occur. With it, tulip became immortal. The portrait was, and is, the most influential artwork ever conceived. Its value is priceless for ownership became communal. It became communal because…
“We have a winning bid!”
Growl
… Wolves were present.
“Oh, crap.”
Things took a subtly sinister shift as proximity neared. No sound was heard, not a single scuff of dirt indicated change, but feeling was throughout. Even molecularly clad, we noticed a perceptual difference in atmosphere, as though claustrophobia possible under open sky.
“What did we do?”
There is an aura which accompanies the pack, a certainty one will not survive encounter.
“I don’t know.”
Most attacks are lone and quite truthfully, exceedingly rare. Wolves take no pleasure thrashing creatures without means of defense. They get, well, bored. Thus, Mankind’s response was predicated on individual encounters. One Wolf, not two. One was bad enough. Two was a nightmare. Three generally resulted in sudden cardiac arrest brought on by ventricular fibrillation due to vascular dilation initiated by over-production of the fight-or-flight hormone, adrenalin.
“Mistress?”
The voice with floral authority sang out amidst audience again.
“Yes, Flo?”
It was then, realized two things. First…
“I would like to propose a final acceptable offer, if I may?”
… Merri Li was manipulating economic theory.
“You may.”
“We give all we have, as a whole, for purchase of tulip which we offer in trade for the painting…”
Second…
“… and second…”
… she was staking her claim as Mistress and Matriarch, Vampire Supremacy.
“…we shall donate the mural for public adoration, maintaining its upkeep eternally.”
…

Session 14: Time Out
What do you think?
I think, this is insanely good!
Hmm, not sure ‘insanely’ is an appropriate adjective for…?
How can she do this? How can she make oatmeal taste not like itself?
She says equal parts butter to sugar are the key…
And those biscuits with gravy. Oh my sweet stars, let’s not get started on her biscuits with…
Okay, but we weren’t about to…
Then there’s the flapjacks, those flipping flapjacks…
Johnny?
Mmm… Yeah?
Please begin.
Oh… uh…?
You were at NASA with the LeTorque, Mobile Twins, and General (Meade)…
(Note: Generally not employed, page 125)
… where a rocket was launched after ordering Service Wolves to take control of military forces in preparation for the Apocalypse.
Did I say, what was on the rocket ship?
No.
Then, going to keep it a secret for now, if it’s okay?
It’s your Confession, you may dictate time as you wish. We personally believe it should be cherished so chronological order preferred. But we’re not married to it, so if you’ve got a different choice...
No, no, it’s okay, like this style. By the way, what have you been saying while I was out?
Huh?
What have you been telling the audience while I was… uh…?
You were in a state of generation, a phase within recovery where healings happen, when organisms focus inward for self-preservation…
(Note: Coma-Comfort Care; Superior Retirement. Ref. 26)
What?
You were in a really deep sleep. No dreaming, restful breathing, restoring energy.
Oh, cool. So, uh, what have you been saying?
To the Confessional Witnesses?
Yeah, the audience members.
We’ve been describing the nature of Vampirism using your sister, Merri Li, as an example.
Dude, my kind don’t need you to describe…
It’s not for your kinds’ benefit, Johnny. As explained, Confessional is between you and Heaven. Now, we’ve agreed to let it become lore within Superior society by implanting what imparted subconsciously, but we need not. We could have ignored the request and allowed Chaos to evolve. As such, since we did not, we’re obligated to inform those with a need to know what, exactly, they’re dealing with. Your kind are not necessarily viewed with positive approval in many circles. The thought of a genetically perfected weapon of biological warfare is not comforting to some. Therefore, in order to accomplish the mission we follow certain protocols, one of which is regular updates. Your Confession being, coincidentally, both practical and time-saving was deemed worthy of inclusion.
Oh.
Yes, oh.
Sorry, man, didn’t mean to insult you.
You didn’t insult.
Okay, so what did you tell them about Merri Li?
We were relating the tale of Tulip Tyranny and Portrait Power.
The what…? Hold on, are you talking about the time she collapsed an entire economy by smelling a single flower and…
Stop!
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 14: Subtle Achievement 
Hello, this is Monitor Hallowed with Heaven’s Monitoring Division, continuing previous update. The time, again, was the Middle Ages.
“Nicely played, Mistress.”
“Thank you, Nathan.”
Location, Baron-wife’s house.
“Is this part of your design?”
“It is.”
She received everything, entire riches of a kingdom given in exchange for one tulip-bulb. A bulb then proffered in trade for an artifact of such magnificence, community as a whole felt thrilled with the deal.
“We’re rich!”
They weren’t speaking of the portrait itself. It was secured…
“I’ll take it, thank you very much.”
… by Flo who would shepherd it for safekeeping as per agreement. No, audience members were speaking of interest still held, one represented by baby tulip of white sitting in a vase, cradled by Baron-wife’s bosom who could be heard exclaiming…
“My bulbs are the best!”
… to anyone who came within earshot of the woman. Things changed when trade accepted. The Wolves departed silently, without notice, once recognition a Matriarch could not be purchased, solidified. Reverence in a place of worship is difficult to take offense with. Furthermore, tulips still retained value. The acme of which was the white bulb. A flower of such magnitude it was redeemable only through Masterpiece exchange. Therefore, with the apex known, a simple deduction revealed…
“How many tulips do we own?”
“Shh! I’ll tell you later.”
… those who held positions in flowered finance were safe from market destabilization. All they needed do, exchange plant for whatever required. They would feel no pain.
“And now, to present the winning tulip…!”
At least, they thought.
“… to Mistress… uh…”
Human detection of Superior presence is directly correlational to intelligence level. Unfortunately for auctioneer, he rated low on scale of weightier thought and relegated to the absent-minded table where short-term memory sits, waits, and is finally forgotten. Fortunately…
“Her name is Mistress Merri Li…”
… Flo, musty woman with mildew odor, but thumbs, color of money…
“… you handsome man.”
… came to future husband’s aid.
“Thank you. All right, Mistress Merri Li, it is my pleasure to present, Baron’s wife…
(Note: Baron of Burgundy, Baron Von Bismarck, Egotistical Egalitarian. Preferred to be called by first name alone.)
“… who will present the winning contestant.”
Baron’s wife approached with trembling hands and suspect balance. She held the vase which held the stem holding the bulb which held the whole thing together, value of those valued most, in their case, a priceless plant.
“Mistress Merri Li…”
She began.
“… may I present the combined contribution raised for your benefit, First Clan Flower Festival, in form of prettiest-thing on the planet…”
She should’ve remained quiet… 
“… my tulip!”
… and saved her strength because as Merri Li accepted the gift of reciprocal-value, a gift both offered and received, an alteration occurred with simplest of gestures. A sneeze…
“Ah-choo.”
… from a Mistress with Superior allergy protection…
“Hmm… I don’t seem to favor these flowers anymore.”
A Vampire without equal.
“Flo?”
“Yes, Mistress?”
A Matriarch with change in mind.
“I believe Nature may have run its course with floral design. Let’s try something new. Have you seen the incredible dishware they employ out east? It’s exquisite. Don’t know what it’s called but they say it’s made in China…”
And so the tulip craze crashed overnight as a Superior subject destroyed one economy, birthed another, and set her sights on other prize, adoration desired, claim of fame without realization or acknowledgement, Madam Superior.
…

Session 15: Intruding Imposition
Everything okay?
Yes, everything’s fine. Please continue where we left off.
Okay… um…
You were at NASA with the General, Mobile Twins, and LeTorque, initiated military orders and viewed deployment of a rocket with cargo as yet unspecified. You then queried our use of time and we responded with Merri Li’s representation as Vamp for all in lore of Tulip Treachery and Painting Outside the Lines with Impunity.
Painting Outside the…? Oh, you mean the portrait Leonardo painted…
Yes, the very one. But, please, don’t mention the man’s final title. We have yet to finish recantation and..
Have you mentioned her hanging on some wall in…?
Stop! 
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 15: Wondrous Works
The defendant’s curiosity reveals a weakness in chronological testimony, the coincidental nature of time. His outburst has made conclusion inevitable, thus…
“Nathan, what do women wear in Heaven?”
“It depends.”
“On what?”
“Who’s looking.”
Time was, for the last time, Middle Ages. Location, Merri Li’s carriage on a pastured path accompanied by Security Wolves. Our attire, noble garb with hint of wintergreen for aromatic relief. We were returning from a foray to the south, visitation of lands within her realm. It was one year since porcelain’s up-tick and tulip’s decline. The Trade made incredible strides as market between First and Second Clan became friendlier. Suppose an explanation of Merri Li and Yin’s relationship would be helpful. We shall use analogy of normal siblings, love/hate. Indicating they won’t kill each other at times. What times, one may ask? It is the reason they control separate realms. Conflicts, fascinatingly complex, growing more so with each encounter as both fought for control. Wish we had time for further details. But we don’t.
“It was lovely to see him again.”
“No, Mistress, it was not.”
He was Leonardo by then, the hermit of habit nature-wear who would extend his name to history unwritten by recording ideas of flight with such detail and specification, intervening years between instruction and completion were somewhat irritating.
“Hello, Leo.”
But, she stuck with his shortened title because, liked the name.
“Hello, Mistress.”
We met in his new home which, not surprising, looked same as the old, a townhouse in disregard of common cleaning practices. He made Incredible strides since last seen, standing on a cobbled lane in sandals with smock, sobbing inconsolably.
“You are happy with the arrangement?”
“I am, Mistress.”
The arrangement is reason for interrupted Confession. It reveals a direct link between Vampire ambition and outcome, time and space Defendant currently describes. It sprang from design implemented by Merri Li when she interpreted future correctly and acted accordingly.
“And what is your new benefactor’s name?”
“Count Lisa, formerly of Pisa, Mistress.”
The Count had a problem, gift of ambition without means of support. He was a colorful figure, entertaining, jovial, and well-liked upon first impression. It led to an apprenticeship earning commission overseeing construction projects. One such edifice was a tower in his home city.
“It shall soar to the sky and be a beacon of light in the dread of day.”
The town leaders, with backing of royalty, hired him, and construction began.
“Work!”
The men did as told, building went up, and everything appeared okay…
“Is it crooked?”
… until truth emerged as foundation settled.
“Are towers supposed to lean?”
No, towers are not designed to lean, they are by descriptive designation, perpendicular structures on horizontal bases. It revealed the Count’s dilemma. He could sell but not deliver goods, couldn’t perform math, a necessary requirement when working with objects of hazardous height-weight ratios. Man achieved degree the usual way…
“I’ll pay you twenty gold to take my test.”
… and found early work the same…
“Hire me and I’ll kick back ten-percent of the profit.”
… but when it finally came time to produce…
“Thing’s going to fall over and kill someone, someday.”
… he was unable to handle the job. Which, of course, led to a problem…
“What do we do with an unbalanced tower?”
… and predictable response…
“Get him!”
… which found the Count in exile, drinking heavily in Vinci’s nightlife district when a certain representative sat down.
“Hello, my name’s Flo, and I’ve got a unique offer…”
The plan evolved with two ideas in mind. Since Merri Li is Vampire, a third emerged which shall be entertained momentarily. But first, the first two. First…
“… my Mistress, the Matriarch of First, would like…”
… trade. The economic realm ran smoother after mechanism fine-tuning, last being manipulation of accepted value. The Tulip Bubble-Burst was an economic experiment proving she could determine worth. Once controlled, the Clan wielded both supply and demand. She then held capital hostage. Capital used for the second idea…
“… in exchange, you will sponsor the artist who created this portrait by supporting…”
… technology. Leo would spend the rest of his days in pursuit of dreams she inspired while posing for mass canvass appeal. The rudimentary drawings and written inquiries would lead to findings unimagined before his mind awoke, spellbound and captive before a Vampire of Superior intelligence. It was Leo the hermit in hand-me-down habit whose artistic mastery provided proof of genius which gave rise to serious intellectual thought. Without the portrait, he was a mere mortal among men. With it, he gained immortality and his benefactor a new lease on architectural infamy.
“… on behalf of the entire community of art lovers everywhere, we graciously accept your contribution to the National Museum…”
 Merri Li’s main goals were achieved by control of trade through any means necessary and technological advancement employing Inferior research for Superior purposes. Commercial Art produced Science Fiction the day a hobo opened door and she entered. It was her knowledge imparted upon a superior, Inferior brain which made the Apocalypse possible. For those without imaging ability, the previous sentence was enhanced with pictography indicating time-line from Middle Ages Leo to rocket ship. Now, where were we?… Oh, yes… it was her steadfast insistence on progress in face of labor issues and economic pitfalls associated with machinery replacing muscle in the workforce which gave rise to Armageddon. But she wasn’t done. For, as mentioned, our subjects like threes. The curator who spoke took one look and exclaimed…
“Wee!”
… oops, sorry…
“Oui!”
… upon questioning if the museum would accept a gift of mural mastery with two stipulations.
“One, you will designate the tilted tower of Pisa a ‘memorial’ instead of ‘mistake’…”
Both, which benefitted the benefactor.
“Two, anonymity is of upmost importance to the donating community. Therefore, the piece will be titled after Count Lisa’s daughter, Mona.”
On the day in question, Merri Li claimed unofficial title, Madam Superior, with Vampire acceptance if not approval. The game continues but few enter. She still draws record numbers, Humans line up for blocks, eager for chance to glimpse a Vampire worshipped without recognition, very component agreed upon as base for secrecy’s success.
“Is it location?”
We return to question. Thought answer to riddle might be in commercial form. There is a saying among Inferior real-estate community, location, location, location. It means what is emphasizes. Success is based on the where, not when or how. Her portrait hung centermost point in the building recognized, Art’s home address. No other location could claim such honor. Thus, we surmised answer could reside in physical and metaphorical sense. Either reverence in a place of worship or honored hierarchal positioning.
“No, dear friend, you are incorrect.”
We were wrong.
“The secret to success is, there is no secret. Fortune does not advertise, it’s available to all, if they know where to look. Unfortunately, most cannot find the answer for it resides where they do not search.”
“And where don’t they…?”
“In the open, Nathan, as with all important discoveries, it hides in plain sight.”
 …

Session 16: Hourglass Sand
Let’s start again.
All right.
You’re testifying, Johnny.
Oh, yeah. Uh…
NASA, General Meade, Mobile twins, rocket ship.
Right, so after launch we told Meade…
“Keep up the good work.”
… the twins…
“Keep an eye on the General.”
… then left, hopped in a vehicle and drove to…
Hold on.
Yes?
Why did you tell the twins to keep an eye on the General?
Because we ordered him to commit mass genocide and worried he might go too far…
Too far?
Yeah, toss too many Humans away. They aren’t limitless, you know.
True. Okay, please continue.
All right…
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Trudy?”
“Look into my eyes.”
… awoke in back seat when we arrived at suburban outpost of pre-planned boredom. Place was identical to when departed, no people, no movement, no nothing. Everything was dead, entire community evacuated for purposes they never knew for a fight they couldn’t see coming. Entered house, slightly unnerved by what might be encountered…
“Uncle Johnny!”
… and breathed a sigh of relief, plan was still in action.
“Hello, Daemon.”
He looked the same with size, shape and structure of boy. But there was something happening below the surface, something changing in a child already beyond understanding…
Hold on.
Yes?
What did you mean by ‘below the surface’?
Meant what said, below, under the skin, something going on. It wasn’t overt or gross or anything. More like… a restructuring of sorts.
A restructuring?
Yeah. It’s hard to describe because he looked the same, only… well… better, healthier, stronger, quicker. It was the feeling emitted, one of perfected growth. Looking at him, don’t believe any Human would say anything other than…
“Aw, how cute.”
… but my kind…
“Vivian, does Daemon look more dangerous?”
… fully aware.
“Yes, Sweetie, he does.”
But, wasn’t anything to do because child was reason doings things in the first place so…
“Who’s hungry?”
… everyone sat down to eat. It was full complement and we began planning next phase of Operation Global Preparedness.
“Trudy?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“Who’s on top of the list?”
The players were known to all and most likely, in back of minds, prepared for the challenge. Shoot, first was definitely in the loop since we just promoted their subordinates to position, currently occupied.
“The Beech family.”
Victoria Beech and her mate Andrew were deemed expendable for sole reason, they were indispensable.
What?
They were the family who led Food Tribe. Even Mobiles admitted they couldn’t match Beech when it came to produce profitability.  Oh, sure, the twin’s family controlled refinement which produced liquid assets petroleum delivered, but even their cash-cow paled in comparison to what Beech provided...
 “When do we start?”
“When we finish eating.”
… the seed of life itself. Don’t know who devised idea but when Beech bought patent to grain’s harvest…
It was your sister.
Huh?
The idea of Natural Manipulation, Merri Li was first to discover its potential when she introduced splicing to the world and…
Are you talking about the tulip thing again?
Yes, you see, when one boils down genetic makeup of an organism and learns mechanics behind chemical bonding, it’s possible to design and construct specific models which, if intellectually owned, can provide an enormous profit…
(Note: Superior Engineering; Unlocking Nature’s Bounty. Ref. 27)
Dude, who cares?
Well, believe the audience might like to glean…
Nat, trust me, they don’t want a lecture on genetic theft by discovery of something previously provided for free.
Are you sure?
Yes, they want guts and glory, not bloody science behind the scene.
Well, not positive we agree with assessment but it is your Confessional and within rights to choose how audience will view picture so please, speak as you wish.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
Uh…
The Beech family.
Oh, right…
“Okay, here’s what we know.”
We were in a black sedan, Phillip and Trudy up front, me in back. After arriving in California, borrowed a car and proceeded to clear a path for Armageddon’s arrival. George and Vivian remained at Dallas suburb with Daemon, the dog Spot, and closet-Zombie Wesson because their presence wasn’t necessary. In fact, it was deemed preferable, they remain absent.
Why?
Well…
“If we arrive enforce, they’ll view it confrontational, forcing elimination by Clan Contestation. Which, of course, will allow those families below to rise and fill the void…”
Problem faced was the hierarchy, specifically, top rung.
“We want some space between us and all others.”
The Trades were a useful tool of visualization. All Wolves and Vamps respect the game because rules are easy to identify, king of hill. How one gets there less important than gaining ground itself. Wolves don’t care if you stabbed an opponent in the back before removing head, they only care, you were there, owned the high ground.
“… if we offer a formal Challenge, entire ladder will know and rise to complete the design. Which is exactly what we do not wish…”
Structure itself, very fabric employed to employ the world, was an problem when End-Game arrived. Oh, it was useful during initial stages, invasion and battles themselves, but afterward…
“We would face same opposition as before. It may be prudent against Humanity but not the Hoard…”
We weren’t trying to conquer the world, already done, we were going after Hell itself. Which, my fellow Wolf-world friends, is a completely different ballgame…
“… requires a new plan of action.”
… so we changed the agreement.
“… invert the pyramid and aim sights below. Any who try to rise and claim ownership of Trade authority will be met not only by Elder Family, but by Elders entirely.”
We did so because power was ours.
“How does First Clan rule?”
“I rule in favor of the Change.”
Merri Li was given priority of initialization because, quite frankly, she was most powerful figure in the Cave. At least, on paper.
“How does Second Clan rule?”
“I rule as I see fit.”
Now, technically, Merri Li should announce verdict because she was also Second Clan’s Matriarch due to alliance with Yin. But, since neither altered stance before, they stuck with protocol and allowed each their reign. Therefore…
“You might want to clarify, Brother, this is the final design till end of times.”
“Okay, fine, I agree.”
 The game was easy to formalize with him. Everything was easy with him…
“Hey, Yin?”
“What, Yang?”
… one only needed know, motivations.
“Bet you can’t skin the leopard over there.”
“Oh, yeah? How much?”
He loves challenges… craves them… must have them. So when we finally agreed, time had come to fulfill family pact never outwardly formalized but internally notarized he drooled at the prospect.
“I can’t wait for this to begin!”
“Easy there, Tiger.”
With Yin’s approval the game was fixed, Melissa’s offer of…
“Third Clan accepts.”
… not necessary with three votes total so…
“Hey, Trudy?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
… found myself on the inversion team, aiming a tip from above and plunging it down below, with two fists in Superior form, one-third the power of LeTorque, a duo which caught eyes when all others failed. Both, incredible to behold…
“Are we doing the maiming or killing thing?”
“Killing.”
 … a couple without peer…
“Is this going to get ugly?”
“This is going to get malicious, Dear.”
… a duet in black sedan with Cloak on-board. A Cloak who was, at the time, getting nervous and anxious…
Excuse me?
Yes?
Why are you speaking of yourself in the third term?
I have no idea.
Okay.
So anyways…
“Where are we going?”
“To the beach.”
It was then, felt the change.
What change?
Well…
“Hey, Phillip, have you met the victims before?”
“Who, Andrew and Victoria?”
“Yes.”
“Uh-huh.”
He calms me, presence of such profound importance because he doesn’t take things seriously. He’s not insulting, never rude, and last thing from impolite anyone’s ever encountered. And he does it all without expecting anything in return.
“Well, what did you think?”
“About what? Oh you mean, my impression of them?”
Essentially, a best pal.
“Yeah, like to get know our victims before… you know… they die. It seems appropriate to learn something about their past.”
“Well, don’t put much energy into it, Bro.”
“Why?”
A best pal who’s advice is taken dead seriously.
“Because Victoria Beech is a…”
“Phillip!”
A Wolf mated to another taken more seriously.
“What?”
“Don’t ‘what’ me! There is no reason to insult Victoria…”
A Vampire who’s, revelation in every way.
“Yes, there is. She’s a…”
“The situation is not her fault, she had a difficult childhood.”
Trudy holds presence in reserve not fully seen and, truthfully, scary to consider. She’s intelligent, insightful, and at times, tad lenient on fellow Mistresses.
“Difficult childhood?”
“Yes, Phillip, a difficult childhood.”
Okay, maybe more than a tad.
“She’s heir to the Slave-Tobacco farming fortune, Trudy”
“Yes, Dear, it may be true, but wasn’t her idea...”
Can faintly recall casual conversation as we drove down the freeway of misery, putt-putting along, playing miniature golf on a straight-line course, with only one club and uncountable obstacles in attendance.
What?
California highways suck too.
True.
So anyway…
“She’s never worked a day in her life.”
“Again, correct. But also not her…”
Victoria Beech was indeed a… Yaagh!
You knew it was coming.
Yeah, but couldn’t think of another word. As it is, she was not a nice Vampire. Met her before…
When?
Couple years back…
(Note: Superior Reminiscence; Storytellers Delight. Ref. 28)
… but it’s not important because, didn’t really get to know her or the beast she tamed. But did get a good look at their images and must admit, they were impressive. Victoria was…
Mistress.
Huh?
It might be necessary to remind others, the one spoken of is a Vampire.
Was.
Huh?
She was a Vampire. We killed her. So now…
Yes, yes, you’re right, she was a Vampire. As such, she deserves the respect her predecessors earned, therefore…
All right, fine…
“… and it’s Mistress Beech, Phillip. Let’s not forget, she is a formidable adversary.”
“And a…”
Mistress Victoria Beech was a well-known Vamp mated to a weller known…
Nope, not a word.
Seriously? Weller?
Yep.
Huh? Oh well, Wolf Andrew was the bigger prize because he was… well… bigger. He was undisputed Alpha of Third Clan’s Elder Family of Food Tribe and wore a reputation earned in the ring. Undefeated in singular combat and preferring to wield a sledgehammer during Challenges. Hulking-strong and lightning-quick, it would’ve been worrisome if, again, was not in their presence.
“Trudy?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
Asked for a picture, honest design she foresaw in mind and reply was soothing to the soul.
“I see Phillip on top, all others below, me at his side, strolling over remains of those we’ve conquered. I see a land in balance, predator and prey, nature and science, all bending to the will of those we choose, those we celebrate, those we incorporate…”
It’s the intended effect she produces, a comfortable image maintained as everything goes haywire in the split-second of…
“Oh, crap.”
“Now, Johnny, take a few deep breaths...”
The contraption was sitting idle on a cliff, overlooking ocean, awaiting our arrival. It was shiny, black, and infinitely sinister-looking.
“I am not getting in it, Phillip.”
“But, Johnny…”
All aircraft scare me. Helicopters terrify me. Combat-helicopters shove me over edge and into realm of…
“Uh-uh, no way, not going to happen…”
“But, buddy…”
… complete indifference to anything but escape from a mechanism which, most definitely should, not fly.
Why would you say…?
At least planes have wings. They can glide and all take comfort in the fact when falling to death, at least done so in a slightly downward manner, leaving enough time to shout…
“Son of a…!”
… before becoming mulch. But on a helicopter?
“What happens if we run out of gas, or a wire comes undone, or the propeller gets stuck, or…?”
Rotor.
Huh?
Copters have rotors. Boats, propellers.
Who cares?
Oh, don’t know? Pilots, Captains, Mechanical Engineers.
All irrelevant when it comes to personal welfare and insecurities.
Guess, it’s half- true.
So anyways…
“… not happening, dude, don’t care how big you are…”
… was somewhat anxious and not paying particular attention when her voice sang from behind…
“Johnny?”
… causing a turn-around because one does such things when responding to the incrediblest redhead on Earth…
We’ll allow it.
Huh?
Never mind, continue.
Okay, well, remember, mind was occupied with horrific visions of likely outcomes involving spinning blades which is probably reason why, didn’t see it coming…
“Yes, Trudy?”
… when she replied…
“Look into my...”
… and woke up, again, in another freaking backpack.
Really?
Yeah, can you believe it? It seemed, right then, was predestined to be packaged goods on a tour through terror. Every time looked around, someone stuffed head down…
“Ow!... ow, ow ow…”
“Dude, have you gained weight?”	
… and from then forward, became a creepy sucker-attachment witnessing everything in wild-eyed fright and dispensable underwear.
What?
Forget it. In fact, strike last comment.
Okay.
(Note: Heaven’s Accent; Difficult Mountain to Climb. Ref. 29)
So there we were, hovering over open space in dead of night about to begin Operation Beech-Bombardment with me strapped to Phillip’s back wearing a wetsuit…
“Hey, how did this…?”
“Don’t ask, Johnny.”
… which was something impossible to  follow since, obviously, hadn’t slept-walked…
Ahem.
Sleep-walked?
Better.
Okay since hadn’t sleep-walked to scuba-store in time between losing and regaining consciousness. So, knew someone garbed me and though not repugnant…
Debatable.
Really? You, a turtle without shell, making wisecracks?
Just continue.
All right…
“Okay, who dressed me?”
We have rules. Well… I have rules and told the others what they are. Believe they gave implied consent but difficult to tell at times because…
You’re overmatched.
Nope, underqualified, without the power to grasp what they comprehend effortlessly. Don’t know how they signal…
They do it without knowing so themselves, Johnny.
What?
You’re people, our subject matter and the recipients of this transmission are of Superior sense classification. It means the tiny ticks, slightest whiffs of concealed truisms which are beyond ability of Inferior breeding to recognize, are not beyond them.
What?
Say one is playing poker. At the table sits another who is winning majority of hands. Nothing is obvious, nothing apparent to indicate cheating of any form, yet the Superior sees things differently. Skin-pores holding shafts of singular hair tighten, follicles sway slightly as muscles of contraction reveal a tell, the clue to recognition, admission, one who has won with frequency is, indeed, manipulating outcome. The insertion of a miniature ear-piece, information provided by hidden associate with eye on high, a camera with wide angle lens directed at all hands save one.
What?
One cannot fool the subjects, your family members, for their perception is honed without flaw. All muscle-movement-creatures emit intention, whether known or not. Superior kind inherently recognize those clues and respond accordingly. It makes them fantastic negotiators.
And good liars.
It too. Now, please…
All righty…
“Holy…!”
He leapt as all did when on board. No indication, no pre-jump jitters, just me in middle of asking…
“How did this rubber suit get on…?”
… and him staring at me in stoned fashion…
What?
You know, like a rock or a piece of granite. Stone-like, hard to read.
Oh, okay.
Why? What did you think…?
Forget about it.
All right. Uh, let’s see…
Phillip was jumping from a helicopter with you in backpack as Trudy, we assume, went along for the ride?
Yep, she was there. At least, think she was. She likes to go full commando when initiating combat operations and usually disappears from view. But she was there when we breached the Beech beach, so would surmise she arrived same way.
And how was it achieved?
On a pack of dolphins.
So it  was a maritime excursion?
Yes.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 16: Conspiring Minds
The defendant may lead others to believe recollections witnessed were influenced by the vast difference between himself and those of interest. While this is undoubtedly true, it is impossible to certify using self-remembrance as a basis for Confessional Testimony and may actually be the reverse where interviewer concerned. While the defendant is, indeed, inferior on every way to those under consideration he is, in fact, subconsciously underestimating his own experiences. He does so, we believe, through the oft-maligned Self-Deception Trait implanted throughout Nature’s species as first and last mechanism of survival. For example, we employ the cockroach.
“Eek!”
It is a vile, nasty creature made in image of insectoids everywhere with beady eyes, creepy legs, even creepier antennae, and a rigid exoskeleton filled with all manner of excrement. It is one-thousandth the size of those who dominate planet and subject to squishing every moment of its disease-infested life.
Crunch!
Without self-deception the roach could not survive for it would never wander and starve from fear of certain death met when scurrying around for dropped leftovers and other semi-rotted nutrients. The insect, though, survives and flourishes at the species level if not individually. This self-delusion is found throughout time and appears a preference of Nature itself. Whether through design or simple acceptance of something which works, we do not know, but intend to identify.
“Yuck!”
Since self-deception outweighs objective, first-party recantation when both are witnessed by one, as in current Confessional, we believe it wise to remove self-imposed limitations the defendant brings with oration and describe two who appear as main players in current fashion. Phillip and Trudy LeTorque are, indeed, as confessor described...
“… incredible to behold…”
(Note: Superior Images; Power-Coupling Superstars. Ref. 30)
… appearing as one unit of mated Supremacy, holding authority over all save those in contestation for Clan control. Mistress Trudy is as defined…
“… the incrediblest redhead on Earth…”
… and Phillip, also, as defendant stated…
“… a best pal.”
… but it does not give them credit for they are more than witness can possibly authenticate. Thusly, since we are not so bound, we give reference for historical evaluation. The era was mid-twentieth century and a Council in session.
“Call forth Mistress...”
The LeTorque were, at the time, led by Stephanie and Peter North, a Wolf thought Alpha till proven otherwise…
(Note: Family Head; Necessary Governing Instrument. Ref. 31)
… when Melissa and Johnny entered picture and altered time forever...
(Note: Plot Twist; Dangerous Performance Maneuver. Ref. 32)
… by removing Peters cranium through repeated ammunition penetration of skull-bone. Once done, timeline altered dramatically and we find ourselves in Testimonial witnessed today. But it is now, this was then.
“Hello, Stephanie.”
“Hello, Isabella.”
The two were sisters, sibling Vampires who were anything but civil, both of similar nature, cruel with taste for torture. Each held physical characteristics which set them above others and a contest emerged which culminated in death of both.
(Note: Superior Siblings; Serious Sisterly Rivalry. Ref. 33)
But it’s a further happening, so we return to moment in question, at Council, where Isabella Satan, Clan Elder of Third Clan, Matriarch and mate to Wolf Lucifer who, quite honestly, might still be greatest ever conceived if not for his prodigy, Yin, and two who deleted time-line...
(Note: Satan’s Legacy; Remorseless Superiority. Ref. 34)
… but again, a digression, and so resumtion when Isabella issued Council request to Stephanie.
“Do you accept the assignment?”
“I do.”
The task was assassination of hope to bring forth a martyr whose image could be used to achieve a Superior’s purpose, one of the lovely Merri Li.
“Then it is agreed. Please send word to First and Second, their wishes will be honored by Third.”
The plan, designed by her, with his approval, sent by emissary with simple request…
“Kill the messenger, create a prophet.”
… and carried out by pair in Defendant testimony.
“I’m assigning this task to you because…”
Phillip and Trudy LeTorque were recognized at birth. It is sometimes impossible to overlook perfection. It may not be of conscious or controllable thought, but upon reflection when pondering possibilities the imagination cannot do justice. One’s ideas tend toward grandiosity when considering practices possible with Superior subordination. Even in adolescence, when a true Alpha or Mistress emerge, all take notice and design accordingly.
“… full authority to do as you wish…”
Stephanie LeTorque, although a loser in overall game, was a major threat in the timeline inhabited. She was mated to an Alpha Wolf, one who would later learn the term had numerous layers, but an Alpha nonetheless. Thus…
“… money is no object…”
… she responded wisely and placed the devilish duo in charge of altering time. A choice originated by Merri Li when she decided…
“We need to move faster.”
… and voice of possibility was slit with ruthless ambition…
“I accept the office of President…”
… as foremost leader of mankind fell victim to whims of one made, one perfected, one in need of further monitoring.
…
(BREAK)
Session 17: Ringing Endorsement
Jingle, jingle.
Very funny.
Thank you. Please, continue with the story.
Okay, uh…
You were assaulting the Beech Estate from… hold on, need to interject here.
All righty.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 17: Specious Exclusion
To those not of Johnny’s kind we believe it important to note, the physical properties employed and embraced by those in question, our subject matter, testifier’s kin, and those they will soon encounter are limited to Land-Sea-Air Exercises alone, gaseous entities unincorporated as of yet. Please, forgive the interruption…
(Note: Alternate Lifestyles; Combustible Mixture. Ref. 35)
… we now return to Confession.

Session 18: Aquatic Adventure
Okay, you arrived on a pack of dolphins.
Yep, then hopped off and…
Just a second, need to explain the dolphins first.
Oh, all right, well…
“Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“Where’s the parachute?”
… should clarify how we intended to assault Beech beach, from ocean-side. You see, the estate was atop a mountain crest located on California coastline accessible by a single paved road. Countryside surrounding fortress was nothing but tinder brush waiting for a lightning-strike to start blazing and consume everything in its path. Which was why the location chosen.
“Wouldn’t their house burn down?”
“No, they installed a Superior sprinkler system.”
The system Trudy talked about involved a very expensive aqueduct diverting liquid from land surrounding domicile…
“Hey, what happened to the water?”
… and hording it for personal use when annual inferno caused by Santa Anna’s winds arrived.
“Does anyone smell smoke?”
The Superior Home-Security Program, Trudy explained…
“… provides two services for the price of one, fire protection and perimeter isolation. The water appropriation prevents others from protecting what the Beeches wish to secure, their property. Therefore, when the smoldering simmers to a standstill, what remains is one very waterlogged palatial estate with greatest sea-view on continent and a buffer zone of miles where remains of those unfortunate to build property nearby languish in perpetuity…”
(Note: Act of Nature; Insurance Indifference. Ref. 36)
… which was reason we assaulted from the shoreline. Thought about a land excursion…
“… too easy to defend. They’ll have sensors near the outer-edges, far enough to make surprise impossible…”
… but decided to go with the usual…
“Seriously, Phillip, where’s the freaking parachute?”
“We’re not using a parachute.”
“We’re not what?”
… and found myself screaming into wind while plummeting toward water at some insane speed which caused lips to quiver and spittle to form but was impossible to wipe clean because stuffed in backpack strapped to Werewolf howling…
“Yahoo!”
… as greyness of dusk began descending with descent.
What?
It was turning dark when he jumped from the helicopter.
Oh, okay, please continue.
All righty.
“Yaagh!”
… remember getting a little scared because the ocean, which was everywhere by the way, was beginning to get even larger in overall impression. Sky, which was blue before yellow-orange turned pink-black was receding from perimeter and replaced by infinite liquid with ominous color of coffee.
“Pull the cord, pull the chord, pull the cored …!”
“There is no chord, Bro!”
(Note: Silent H Theory; Overachieving Language-Professor. Annoying combination.)
The absurdity of situation was palpable. Been present at innumerable meetings where honest opinion was given…
“We should always wear parachutes.”
… and rebuffed…
“It’s quicker this way, Johnny.”
… without ever considering, other side of the story.
“But…?”
“No ‘buts’, Dear. Now, look into my…”
So, without so much a…
“Get ready.”
… they would jump and I responded…
“Yaagh!”
… till…
“Okay, hold your breath.”
… or…
“Brace yourself.”
… then…
Splash!
… we’d enter feet first which was the only position allowed because…
“His head might explode.”
… was an invaluable piece of global domination deemed too important for forward entry . Anyways…
“Gasp!”
… we emerged after submerging, don’t know, a thousand feet?
Not possible, the atmospheric pressure of such depths would…
Fine, twenty feet, don’t care. Felt like a forever till air inhaled and sputtering emerged…
“Dude, how the heck are we going to swim ten miles to…?”
… as Phillip reached over and slammed a helmet on my head.
“Ow!”
“Sorry.”
The thing was an underwater-breather. Basically a bowl of glass with oxygen tank attached designed so Phillip could do his Aqua-man routine with me alongside for the ride. And, man, what a jaunt it was.
“This is incredible!”
The helmet came with a light and my Wolf brought…
Johnny, he’s not your Wolf.
He is when we’re swimming with sharks.
All right, have it your way. But, again, try and keep the aggrandizement to a…
Dude… sharks!
Sigh…
“Grab some fins!”
It’s the only time safety appears. Before and after are generally terrifying but during particular moments within encounters, a unique position held, one of wielding power without equal, without fear, without hesitation.
“Just kidding!”
He wasn’t, reaching out and grabbing two who represented life before most came to being.
“Bro, seriously, why are you…?”
Rip
“Gross.”
He tore them apart without effort, sans exertion, lacking thought. Merely grasping gills and separating equally.
Shred
“What are you doing?”
“Hailing a ride.”
Both of us, at the surface, bobbing along, tossing bits of chum-bait to entice… well, at the time, thought…
“Are you calling more sharks?”
… till he answered…
“Nope.”
… and reconsidered, maybe a blunder made, because before eyes, on water’s edge, telltale signs were sending different signals.
“Um… Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
Black triangles circling…
“Are those dorsal fins?”
“Yep, sure are.”
… gliding through liquid glass…
“Doesn’t it usually mean more sharks?”
“Yes, it does.”
… silently inching closer…
“We just going to wait here?”
“Yep.”
… until…
“Holy…!”
“Yahoo!”
 … we found ourselves flying across the water. Now, here’s what happened…
We know.
Huh?
The dorsal fins were those of dolphins, namely, the pack ridden to Beech estate.
How did you…?
It wasn’t difficult. You previously stated the entrance and since few sea creatures display dorsal tendencies when circling prey, conclusion was easy to predict. Yes, sharks are drawn toward bait but Phillip had no need for prehistoric predators. Thus, he was enticing other aquatic creatures which also consume fish for dinner, either Orca or Dolphin. Again, since you stated earlier…
But…?
Are we wrong?
No, but…
Then continue.
Okay, uh…
You were on a pack of dolphins.
Oh yeah, well…
“Woo-hoo!”
“Yippee!”
… what a blast. If, for some reason, the opportunity to ride dolphins arises, go ahead, do it. There aint nothing like…
Nope.
Huh?	
Not a word.
Are you crazy? There aint no way, ‘aint’, aint a word…
Okay, were not going to reply with the obvious conflicts of oratory negation and, instead, attempt to move this story along by reminding, although time may be on your side for the moment, it will not  be indefinitely. Things will change. And when they do…
All right, all right, I get it, move along.
Thank you.
You’re welcome. Now, where…?
Breeching Beech’s Beach on Dolphin-back.
Right…
“Ride ‘em, Cowboy!”
“Yee-haw!”
… we came in fast, two dolphin jet-skis, a Wolf with fin in each paw, steering the giant sardines like trainers in aquarium-shows, with me in a back-pack mode, aiming directly toward insertion point, a small jetty of rocks rising from bottomless ocean depth below. Jagged, sharp, mean-looking rocks.
“Um… Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“Where’s the beach?”
There wasn’t one. Name was an ironic attempt gone awry. Someone, sometime, quipped…
“… it’s not so bad, back home we got this strip of coastline sinks anyone who sails near it. Got nicknamed the Beech Beach because…”     
Now, wasn’t aware moniker in alternate personality form, so when he replied…
“You’re looking at it, Bro.”
… honesty responded…
‘”Looking at what? I don’t see anything but giant cliff guarded by sea spikes which we seem to be approaching at a rather fast rate, mind you…”
… and then…
“Phillip?”
“Hold on tight!”
… we attacked…
“Holy…!”
… and Mission, Inverted-Pyramid-Scheme began.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 18: Sending Sentiments
To those with sentimental tendencies, we recommend advancement without review upon conclusion of following information. Superior breeding suppresses a main component of Sympathetic Response System, explicitly, the sympathy portion. As such, empathy is not a consideration. The subjects under Confessional review are not cruel, per se, they’re homicidal. They know not feelings of remorse for pathways, again, altered at the chemical level and easily influenced through genetic wiring. In a nutshell, they were designed not to care.
Bang!
Please remember…
Bang!
… one cannot blame the virus…
Bang!
… when it acts as programmed.
“What happened?”
“The President’s been shot.”
There are certain moments in time which take hold and form a future desired. They are rare and sometimes insignificant to other worlds but do share one common theme, direction of travel. All entities partaking particular moment will adapt and, if successful, continue with lives as they follow a course dictated by another. Now, 'another' is generally a mass conversion of policy based on victory over opposed enemy. Throughout space, time and again, witnessed events of singular clarity emerge from vast collective values of majority rule and coalesce into eras, ages, and eons. They transform societies and shape history. They are of such magnitude consensus opinion was they could only form from many, not one.
“Hello, Mistress.”
Consensus was wrong.
“Hello, Nathan.”
Mistress Merri Li molds time to her fashion. As one considers recantation please recall design implemented. Superior control through use of Inferior technology, implantation of imaginary possibilities by the Mistress Superior herself into mind of Humanity’s greatest intellect, oddly enough, Leo of hobo-habituation, and transformation of science for purpose of space-travel in age of adolescent lifespans.
“You wished to see me?”’
“Yes, I would ask a favor.”
She need not have done so. As previously mentioned, the Clause can be construed to make monitoring difficult. On many occasions we find ourselves in surveillance isolation, first person interaction unwanted by subject involved. Generally Yin. And a surprising class of characters in the Andromeda system who value privacy beyond self-determination. We believe… yes we’re right, they are at this moment huddled in silent consternation awaiting dreaded discovery of life beyond themselves. So sad, but be it as it may…
“Of course. What is the favor?”
“A request, if it wouldn’t be a burden. Would you deliver a message to Third Clan…?”
… we were emissary of change. She chose us for it’s understood, their best interests in mind. We do not judge for it is not our place. We monitor, advise, and give consent where necessary, but beyond planetary death-design, forbidden to interfere. Yin, sadly, recognized the loophole early on.
“Go away, inchworm.”
Now, under normal circumstances, consequences for ignoring such obvious gifts would eventually lead to termination of whatever Superior made such Inferior decision…
(Note: Pro-Choice; Life or Death Situation. Ref. 37)
… for with our guidance…
“… he will be at Ford’s theater watching a play, in the balcony, seat number…”
… Vampires gain immediate advantage. Then conspire to create their reality…
Whip!
… which can, unfortunately if not unexpectedly, turn quite evil at certain points of time…
“Move it, slave!”
... until moment arrives when another emerges, and in most cases, eliminates the former due to logical conclusion…
“If she designed it once, she can do it again…”
… so…
“Off with her head!”
Slice
“The Queen is dead! Long live the King! And his new, younger wife…”
… we have become an integral part in Superior planning for better part of experimentation. It has provided  insight and forewarnings of avoidable disasters which allowed subjects growth beyond restriction. In essence, we are the mirror on  wall, crystal-ball, tarot card for those who see a future without Hellion inclusion.
…

Session 19: Cleaning House
You may continue.
Okay, let’s see…
Mission Inverted Pyramid Scheme, the Beech Beach Breach, riding wild dolphins…
Right…
“Whoopee!”
You know, other than fear of drowning, enjoyed the trip. Things were calm, Wolf astride waterborne mammal-crafts as they propelled through rolling waves. And the landing, surprisingly easy. Phillip can leap freaking houses so when those fish approached the cliff, he leaned back and...
“Uh oh.”
… jumped.
“Son of a…!”
Couldn’t see anything, inspecting inner linings of backpack, and didn’t peek till impact…
“Umph!”
… but before second sentence uttered…
“Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“How are we…?”
… the Wolf raced up rock-face like lizards climb walls.
Skittle
Unfortunately, at same time, glanced around and took in scenery.
“Gulp!”
Everything was spooky. The sky black, cliff black, sea black, spikey stones emerging from water black. In fact, all was black except foam-froth from raging surf crashing against the seemingly, unscaleable, rock-faced barrier.
Nope.
Really? But if you can’t scale something…?
Yes, we understand, move along.
All right.
“Okay, we hang here till the signal arrives.”
The hanging part Philip spoke of was quite factually, hanging ten feet from the top. Close enough to see lip above. A lip promising salvation from what lay below. Impalement with extreme pain for added pleasure. It was probably the sight which caused initial hesitation. Think there might have been thirty seconds before mind translated offering.
“Signal?”
“Yes, Johnny, the signal.”
Now, while present at all important decisions involving family, there are certain aspects, don’t advise upon...
“What signal?”
… the performance part. It’s not because, don’t have valued insights. It’s just, well…
“Them.”
“Oh.”
The bodies fell from above. Decapitated Wolves tossed from the edge by a Vampire in stealth mode. One cloaked. One who delivers death with exquisiteness, difficult to describe.
Why?
Perfection in motion, think is the correct terminology. She’s perfect. Every movement made, mezmerising. 
Not even close.
Mesmerizing?
Yep.
Okay. Hey, why would they invent a letter indicating, essentially, same sound as…?
We do not diddle in dictation. Others specializing in vocalization hold those posts.
All right. Well anyways…
“Buddy.”
“Yes, Phillip?”
“Hold on.”
“Hold on for…? Yikes!”
… the signal was delivered and final ten feet, scaled as though hopping a curb.
“You still there?”
“Yep, big boy, not going anywhere.”
At edge of the world, entire Pacific Ocean to rear, Beech Estate in full view before. Nothing between us and occupants except grass manicured with such perfection, boot imprints still visible, lasting reminder of final perimeter Beech Security provided. Bodyguards watching backs of those in charge. One’s assassinated by a Vamp so swiftly and precise, entire moonlit landscape became, if possible, even silenter…
Sic.
What the…?
We are not going to play this war of words, Johnny. Silenter is obviously not a word so…
You’re editing me?
Yes.
During my Confession?
Yep.
Son of a… Yaagh!
Keep talking.
All right…
“Okay, what’s next?”
… can remember whispering in Phillip’s ear which technically was wrong since, doesn’t help with Wolves, as Vivian once explained…
“Sweetie, we can hear butterflies flap.”
… so, after making one mistake…
“Oops, sorry, forgot…”
… made another with apology probably foreseeable because…
“It’s alright, they know we’re here.”
… in the doorway two silhouettes emerged, backlit by gold lighting, an energy bill of enormous consumption, shapes of Beech stood in pose.
“Hello, Victoria.”
Trudy shimmered to view while speaking, never taking eyes off one she came to kill, reaching across, me from canvass cocoon, settled to ground.
“There you are, Dear. Now, stand still and don’t move.”
“Wouldn’t if I could.”
The game began. Myself, at far edge of Beech property while family of two faced one of the deadliest duos ever. Mistress… Yaagh!
Really? You can’t control yourself?
Nope, she really was a… Yaagh!... but her other half was the real prize.
“Hello, Andrew.”
“Hello, Mistress LeTorque.”
He was a beast to behold, larger than Phillip with giant arms and weapon of choice, a mallet of iron, hammered to hardness beyond the forge, strengthened and formed by repeated blows on shattered skulls identifying, verifying weapons purpose. Saw with own eyes dents pockmarking surface and waited with worry as Trudy made introductions.
“I don’t believe you’ve met my mated before. Andrew, this is Phillip. Phillip, he is Andrew.”
Neither Wolf moved. It was then, got extremely nervous.
Why?
Because they were locked, loaded, and primed to strike.
“Since we hold no malice toward you in particular, we will allow the honor of submission…”
He attacked without warning…
“What happened?”
… at least, it’s what they told me.
“Seriously, Phillip, what happened?”
Here’s the countdown in particular order. Number one, Andrew leaps. Number two, Phillip reacts. Number three, Andrew dies.
“You used his sledgehammer?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
Okay, next countdown.
“First, severed his arm. Second, took his hammer. Third, removed his head.”
He said it nonchalantly, as though a current event. If weren’t witness to actual event, wouldn’t believe it happened.
Why?
Andrew’s reputation preceded him. He was known death. And when you finally met him…
He was an impressive specimen.
Man, Wolf was a walking nightmare. I mean… come on… what’d he weigh?
Four hundred seventy eight pounds.
Yeah, sounds about right. Now, know the score, size is somewhat limiting when acrobatics come to play. But, don’t think Andrew ever considered ballet as a career choice. So when one got an eyeful of him holding the steel club…
You felt intimidated.
Yeah, or downright scared.
“Bashed his face away?”
“Yep, like playing tee-ball.”
Remember, feigning interest, looking down on the corpse of Andrew till sound heard.
Slump
“Is she done?”
“Yep, time to go.”
Chose not to watch final scene because, though she was a… Yaagh!... don’t think anyone deserves such a fate. Although…
“Should’ve prolonged it further.”
“You did fine, Honey. She was groveling near the end.”
“Thank you, Phillip. But I was aiming for sniveling…”
… one of the loveliest ladies known, inside or out, was a bit miffed at her sense of timing. Felt things could run smoother.
“Next time I have one who embarrasses our kind in grasp…”
“I’ll remind you, take it slow.”
“Thanks, Dear.”
“You’re welcome, Honey.”
And so the first part of Mission, Inverted Pyramid Scheme, concluded.
How many remain?
Um… well, as it turns out, only one. Thought there’d be three since everything runs in triplicate but…
Your family already ran Shelter.
Yeah, and when we breeched the Beech Beach…
You then held Food.
Yep, which left only Security, so…
We assume, George and Vivian, assigned themselves the task.
Assumption correct.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 19: Collateral Damage
Preceding events may adjust thought patterns, incorrectly placing emphasis on physical and ignoring finite details one must consider when implementing an assault of such significance. Therefore, an intervention to correct misperceptions by introducing related material. The time was onset of computerization, nation in motion, city on cusp of global emergence, and a Vampire in mood of change.
“Ask not what your country can do for you…”
He was rarest of mortals, an Inferior with insights and ability to communicate what others could not.
“… ask, instead…”
Mistress Meri Li concluded his potential, limited by life, insufficient…
“… what you can do for your country.”
… and altered accordingly.
“You can die for it, of course.”
She said so without preamble, merely speaking aloud as the man who ran Earth’s wealthiest nation  spoke before an audience of well-wishers. He was, as ever, a telescopic idol...
“… I see a castle on a hill…”
… with a mate of movie-star looks and aristocratic heritage…
“… like to thank my wife for this glorious reception…”
… and children who were thought to hold power of future generations in their hands. Alas, it was not to be, for she saw the end and proclaimed time, as of then, insufficient for success.
“Hello, we have breaking news. The Soviets launched a man into space…”
She generates influence and identifies peak periods of advancement. We know, for we asked…
“Why would you doom an entire family?”
… and she responded.
“Because they represent a dream, unattainable quest of perfected union. His followers believe the idea, picture painted, with words for color and canvas of imagination…”
The man would cease to exist, life given for higher purpose...
“This is one small step…”
... conquest of Space. Now, as indicated, Mistress Merri Li designs with time in mind. As such, when specific strides are taken…
“… one giant leap…”
… when those events occur, we naturally pay visit to subject in charge...
“Hello, Mistress.”
“Hello, Nathan.”
… and query further, for Science’s sake…
“What are your plans?”
… resulting in generalized relief, feeling much better than before.
“My dearest companion, our Wolves in Research and Development theorize rockets are not only possible, but inevitable. Unfortunately, the timeframe for successful launch is decades, if not centuries, away. This is unacceptable…”
It is difficult at times to pay particular attention when interacting with a Mistress due to internal thought disruptions…
“… so we’ve decided to act. In order to achieve our goal we must speed things up. Therefore, I’m introducing the greatest motivational tool at our disposal, hope.”
… while listening, one’s mind begins to intervene with thoughts of impossibilities, begins to question if the Vampire speaking might be available for lunch. Yes, it’s known, we are in the presence of a subject bred to idolize. Yet, in the moment, at those times, we’re incapable of attaining full attention status due to conflicting, interrupting, internal deliberating processes. But, allowing for the fact, we’ve known each other since inception, she placates dilemma by allowing time for information assimilation.
“Hope?”
“Yes, Nathan. Explicitly, salvation.”
Since we cannot parse further, her very testimony will stand.
“Mankind thinks with the end in mind, they know they will eventually die. It is there where hope begins for dying is both foreseeable and not. It’s easy to picture one’s death yet what lies beyond, the actual spiritual journey, is unknowable. Therefore, they dream of magical places like Nirvana and Garden of Eve where they’ll resume a journey through time. Now, it just so happens we have a representative in mind. The man they’ve chosen to follow speaks of future possibilities, and they listen, yet bicker, quarreling over funding and other non-essentials. Therefore, we’ll give them a goal to aim for…”
“… land a man on the moon within a decade…’”
“… and reason to do so…”
“‘We have just received word…’”
“… by honoring the final wishes of their dearly-departed leader.”
“… the President is dead.’”
…

Session 20: Controlling Interest
Are you serious?
Heck yeah, I’m serious. Add those babies on top and jam everything together.
Okay, but still don’t understand the reasoning…
It’s for jelly conservation.
Jelly conservation?
Uh-huh. You see, the secret to a perfect peanut-butter-jelly sandwich is elimination of seepage. If someone smears preserves over butter and bread alone, surface is too slick and sweet syrup oozes out the sides with every bite. It makes for a messy meal. But if corn chips are placed between the slices…
You introduce friction and the resulting coefficient…
… is a peanut-butter-jelly-chip sandwich with zero fruit-filling loss.
Interesting.
Yep…
Munch… crunch…
You’re going to make us ask, aren’t you?
Gulp… yup.
All right, would you please continue?
Sure, where…?
Post Beech-Beach breach.
Oh yeah…
“What fun!”
We were back at the house, hanging out, killing time.
“So it was just the carotids and vocals holding her up?”
“Uh-huh. And spinal column, of course.”
George was questioning Phillip as I sat on the couch with a Zombie.
“Hello, Sir, welcome back.”
“Hi, Wesson, you’re looking slimmer.”
He was, unfortunately for him…
“Yes, Sir, Mistress Vivian placed me on a starvation diet…”
… he also looked miserable, like a human basset-hound which suddenly found itself alone, unable to provide for itself, flabby and droopy-like.
“… says it’s designed to optimize weight loss no matter the cost…”
Looking at him, was possible to estimate number of days remaining according to fat and muscle proportion.
“Is it uncomfortable?”
“Yes, Sir, it’s an agonizing torture which won’t go away and increases by the hour...”
But, since wasn’t a thing anyone could do…
“Sounds sucky.”
“Yes, Sir, sure is, but, it gets worse. She’s also given Master Daemon permission to explore enhanced interrogation techniques…”
… ignored the man and attention returned to those who mattered more.
“She spoke till the end?”
“Yep, all the way. Wondered which would give first, gristle or bone. Turned out, weight was too much and when the spine started to sway…”
His description is all there is for testimony. Like mentioned before, didn’t watch, but Phillip did relate…
“And you think she was aware the entire time?”
“Oh, yeah, she was definitely there. In fact, you could see Victoria trying to end it by swallowing tongue…”
… which leads to supposition, Beech got just deserts in the end. But anyway, with it over, we departed to finish Mission, Inverted Pyramid Scheme.
“Time to go.”
It involved George, Vivian, and personal flair when we touched down in Florida for next task. After regaining consciousness, took time to freshen in private laboratory custom jet provided. Upon deplaning, glanced around and took in visuals.
“Are those…?”
“Yes, Sweetie, they are.”
Missiles, metal cones painted red, pointing straight up, an open box of crayons waiting to fly. Place was privileged landing strip governed by Security Tribe itself, a restricted zone of land and air.
“How many are there?”
“Three batteries, twelve each…”
George explained in scholarly fashion as we moved.
“It’s an area of exclusion. The entire perimeter, basically a ten mile circle for authorized personnel only. From the ground to as high as imagined, a DO NOT ENTER sign exists...”
“Huh?”
Wasn’t getting it.
“Everything you see, every complex and surrounding countryside, protected within a cone of forbiddance…”
“A what?”
Luckily, had a Vamp with most endearing accent along for company.
“Sweetie, this airfield is protected by the very latest in weaponry, all dedicated to keeping air above, clear from any intrusion.”
“Oh, like a kill-zone.”
“Yes, Hon, like a kill zone. A kill-zone from Earth to the outer reaches of space.”
Vivian’s statement called for further clarification…
“The outer reaches?”
“Uh-huh.”
… so, asked…
“How far is outer?”
… and she responded.
“The distance is kind of fluid. You see, the entirety of this facility is encircled by lasers continuously firing. Essentially a photonic ring which extends to infinity unless something crosses its boundary.”
“Like a plane”
“Yes, exactly, if any nation flew an aircraft over this restricted air-space, they would be out the cost of one ship.”
Was curious, though.
“Lasers can bring down planes?”
And learned something new when George interrupted.
“No, Johnny, they can’t. Now, there is research suggesting it’s possible but expensive, employing different variants of photonic particles…”
“What?”
… which, of course, brought the cutest Vamp, planet’s ever known back to conversation.
“The lasers used are tripwires. They signal when something’s entered without permission. When it happens, we respond with a salvo of rockets intended to end the wayward vehicle’s progression…”
As it turned out, the place was a pistol cocked and loaded.
“So, if a flock of birds fly over?”
“We blow them out of the air, Sweetie.”
Or a sniper rifle.
“What about satellites?”
“Space debris.”
Looked skyward, imagining distance between ourselves and ultimate destination.
“So, this is the place?”
“Yes, this is it.”
Then altered vision as we neared reason for visit, those in charge of Security, Mistress Consuela and Wolf Escobar, the Delmar family. A pair with resume’s resembling Human-horror stories except… well… they were the villains.
Of course.
So anyways…
“Hello, Mistress LeTorque, be welcomed with unarmed, open-palm embrace ...”
Consuela began the ritual with formal flair because, in all fairness, probably curious. By then things were beginning to leak, we were taking the shot, enacting scene set in motion so long ago…
By Merri-Li?
What?
Who designed the plan, Johnny, was it your sister?
Yeah, guess you could give her credit. She accepted the chore. Although, should add, Melissa didn’t put up a fuss. It involved lots of time-consuming mental stuff which, don’t pretend to understand…
“Hey, Sis, what’re you doing?”
“Calculating resources necessary for a prolonged siege by algorithmic methods using Wolf Alpha as base-line and…”
… so if one were writing history…
Or giving truthful testimony?
Oh, okay, see where you’re going. Yes, if one were to issue credits, Merri-Li’s name would sit on top.
Where would yours be?
At the bottom.
Why?
Because they’re all better than me.
True.
Thanks.
For what?
Nothing. So, Consuela was acting formally…
“… if you would be so kind, follow us to the limousine. It of course, is at your disposal and will drive wherever…”
… when…
“No thanks.”
… everything changed.
“Sorry?”
It never happens. Been around a lot, probably only person who’s eye-witnessed, actual event.
What event?
Superior surprise. 
“We aren’t here for your hospitality, Consuela, we’re here for blood.”
They never shock, not even the little ones. Oh, some might miscalculate and find themselves in wrong spot at the right time…
Rip!
… but never completely unaware. Except when encountering another who plans further and seeks, higher purpose.
“We issue a Challenge, family of Delmar. Right here and now, within this ring inhabited.”
Another who is mated to another, the combination producing more than two, proving some pairs greater than others.
“What do you say, snicker-doodle, do you accept?”
Others who think otherwise.
“We do!”
Others who become obsolete when foolishly falling into traps set by those with better ideas.
“Then let’s begin.”
“Yes, let’s.”
It was shockingly swift upon arrival, endured long stretches when things seemed bleak, inventions not fully advanced, Mankind struggling to kill itself along the way. Moments, thought, maybe made a mistake, should pull the plug, accepted authority, let things fall where they may…
Not what you were made for.
I know. We all know. But, got to admit, the idea of godliness does have appeal.
Yes, feeling is natural.
Then you understand the difficulty…
In avoiding hubris? Yes, Johnny, we comprehend the concept.
Still…
It’s a false prophecy based on time.
But…
You would only govern temporarily.
Yet…
It’s not as good as it sounds.
Really?
No, we’re lying. It is, of course, as good as it sounds. You’re an omnipotent being for gosh sakes, how could it not be great? But it is particular, relies on one, and when it ceases to exist, becomes bored, or gets distracted by other events…
Why would someone get distracted?
It’s incredibly unpredictable. Do you have any idea where minds wander with limitless time to ponder all scenarios?
No, but starting to like the concept.
Don’t, it’s all-consuming. In the entire annuls of Heaven’s ledger, there is nary one example of further advancement when ideological control, considered.
Huh?
Prophets are in it for the profit.
What?
There is no pleasure without pain.
Huh?
Just continue.
All righty…
“Okay, these are the rules, concrete pad is the pit, lasers define boundaries, and nothing else. Got it?”
“Yes.”
One couldn’t paint a clearer picture, straight-up blue sky, singular stray cloud marring otherwise blank screen, and before eyes, right in freaking-front of face, a Challenge emerged.
“Rip his head off, Honey!”
“Yes, Dear.”
It wasn’t even close.
“Which one first?”
“Start with the shorter one. But be measured with it.”
“Yes, Dear.”
The fight, if one can call it , was nothing out of ordinary. It followed rules to a tee. Don’t know what it means because there’s no ‘t’ in rules, but seems appropriate,so…
“You’re doing wonderful! Now, here’s what to do next. Act like you’re going to rip the tall one’s head off, but in the last instant, alter course and remove the stupid noggin from delinquent shoulders of whichever Wolf mated the mealy-mouthed Vamp who dares wear stilettos to this dog-fight…”
“Yes, Dear.”
“Oh! And take it extra-slow, please.”
“No problem.”
The arena was white, a concrete pathway of stone surrounded by members of Security, standing, witnessing the contest. It was not a pretty picture.
Slash!
Erp!
“Ooh, had to hurt.”
If ever a guidebook or manual to explain game, the Challenge between George and Delmar’s would take center stage. It was made for the moment.
“Good job, Baby-cakes! Now, take your time...”
Those attending were those in unique positions of judgement, not unlike what we’re doing now.
Good analogy.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
What they observed was a complete dismemberment of leadership, fight which lasted hours, but honestly, over before begun. Know, because present when decision discussed.
“You’re doing what?”
Everyone was sitting around the table when George explained.
“I’m going to deplete them, a war of stamina as it were.”
“Huh?”
When it went nowhere, Phillip intervened.
“He’s going to fight a defensive battle with time as ally.”
“What?”
Which finally brought the ladies around, allowing access to prettier thoughts.
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Trudy?”
“Tell me what you know of Challenges.”
It’s the way she perceives things. A calm, seductive quality which cuts to the heart of matters without injuring party receiving help.
What?
She was placating ignorance, revealing a lack of understanding without the embarrassing question and answer game which can be extremely annoying at times.
True. Continue.
Okay, so anyways, told her what I knew.
“Wolves fight, Mistresses heal, and winners move on.”
Then, she filled in the blanks.
“Yes, Dear, in a generalized scheme, you’re correct. The boys battle while we nurse wounds and whoever stands last, keeps their head. Now, you’ve seen what, thousands of Challenges?”
“More or less.”
“And in those fights how many lasted longer than a moment?”
“None. But it’s because…”
“Yes, Dear, we understand, you were in exceptional company. Unfortunately, it means you’ve never attended an actual contest, never seen the pattern emerge…”
“The pattern?”
“Yes, in all conflicts a dance arises. Three Wolves from each family enter the pit. They may choose any method and employ all strategies but, inescapably, a generic picture will follow. It’s based on structure. The family challenging can only do so if they’ve proven themselves capable. Which means they’re competent. Which means the Wolves and Vamps are not there for show, they’re there to kill, they’ve got a chance, earned the right, and the contest is normally an even match. Which is when the truth of a family’s power becomes evident…”
As she explained, it dawned like fireworks, been subconsciously neglecting one-half equation, the better half, Vampires.
“… all creatures vary, Dear, some are stronger, some faster, others with greater intellect. It does not matter the advantage, only employment of such advantage…”
The confrontation took shape and image formed, uncontrolled chaos followed by pauses.
Ding
Slash
Grunt!
Pauses where Wolves sought counsel or treatment depending on outcome.
Ding
Slice
Groan!
Outcome, meaning killing opponent, as George was doing in an odd, fast-forward, slow-motion combat technique.
Huh?
Okay, follow me here. Fight was like a boxing match except rounds were longer. There was no bell so an unnamed agreement took place, one Trudy earlier explained.
“… they will seek nourishment from their Vamps to heal wounds. Wounds which will continue to appear as an absolute solidifies…”
Ding
Pow
Ow!
“… George is Alpha.”
The conflict was three to one, but one was special, so much so, he met each in the middle and tore them to shreds. After enough damage was done, a moment of perspective emerged. Couldn’t follow anything during the melee but when aggressive action ended and Wolves separated there was a time-halt, feeling of shared concentration where everyone took stock of status and decided to seek help from corner or press on to decide outcome. At least, one side did.
Huh?
The Delmar’s needed help, George didn’t. He appeared unfazed. In fact, we spoke numerous times…
“Hey, want to go halves on a pizza after this?”
… while Escobar and his two underlings desperately sucked blood from Mistress’ wrists. Madams pleading the whole time…
“You’re losing! One of you hold him down while the others…”
… which was a waste of breath because, as the prettiest planetary-redhead previously presented…
“… they’ll never lay a paw on him, Johnny.”
… George was beyond their skills, so much better he refused Vivian’s help till moment materialized when even those witnessing, Wolves of Security itself, saw truth and recognized outcome, predetermined.
“Okay, Sweetie, it’s time to end this game.”
“Yes, Dear.”
The finale is seared in thoughts for contradictory meaning. Still remember standing next to them, less than a foot away, when Vivian did something so profound, yet intimate, left speechless.
Nip
Lick
Shudder
It was a sentimental, almost sensual scene when fang pierced thumb, allowing him to taste what she provided. The change, instantaneous, blood sparking something within and a new creature emerged…
Roar!
… one which had the effect of proving Trudy, Mistress without peer in realm of pre-fight predication.
“They will know the end is near for George will give them time to ponder. All will come to the same conclusion…”
“Stop, Escobar, you’re killing me!”
“… and demand more than their mates can provide.”
Slump
End arrived as she predicted, the Wolves of Delmar slating thirst for life with blood of those bonded, Vampires mated. Consuela and two family Madams perished as  essence of what they were, embodiment of why they conspired, consumed by very beings chosen to partner.
Flop
It was quite sad.
Plop
But in the end, suppose, didn’t really matter, they were going down one way or another. Maybe dying in grips of one known is better than the other…
Or worse.
Yeah, it might be. But, trying to stay positive.
Ding
Slice
Done
They never took a step, he was on them in an instant, as if an invisible sword suddenly appeared and severed everything in its path.
“Sweetie?”
“Yes?”
“Time to go.”
We left soon after, work done, position elevated by clearing space below, a space we intended to keep with Vivian’s announcement.
“Okay, Wolves of Security, we are no longer employing the middleman, you are now working directly for us…”
An announcement in violation of Clan code due to inadequate seeding of familiar rank. An announcement of impending revolution if not for the arrival of those we knew would come, those we knew compelled, those we knew…
Johnny?
Yes?
Are you speaking of the Hoard.
Uh-huh.
…
(BREAK)

Intermission 20: Sacrificial Lambs
As present time fast approaches, concluding presentation of Superior planning by Matriarch Merri Li employing Wolf Phillip and Madam Trudy LeTorque via Third Clan assignation in the coordination, supervision, and assassination…
*Conspiracy Alert: The following information may contain subject matter pertinent to case of Peoples vs. JFK Conclusion, all evidence presented shall be considered Judicial Property until such time as ruled otherwise. Direct all transmission to Court-assigned Mediator of Perceived Facts, FBI Director, J. Edgar Hoover, authority of the Warren Commission, Chief Justice Earl, presiding*
… of President John F. Kennedy…
(Note: the previous interruption was an automated insertion of pre-Apocalyptic government decree. Please, disregard.)
… to produce a leap in time, significance of which cannot be overstated for the act is base to everything which follows. Expansion has been found key. Reasons for growth may vary but generally fall under guise of protected by Heaven’s holding, ‘a species may seek travel for the purpose of survival and discovery’. As a rule, broad interpretation allows for self-interest concluding with  advancement of vast majorities  and a betterment of universal diversity.
“Hello, Mistress Merri Li.”
Except for Superior subjects.
“Hi, Nathan.”
They do not fall under Heaven’s definition, don’t possess necessary need. Survival and discovery, irrelevant, insignificant interests where they reside. Expanding for one purpose alone, domination.
“Is everything proceeding as planned?”
“Sit and we shall see.”
The overwhelming urge to coordinate events without guidelines or restraint is a challenge difficult to incorporate. As such, subjects do not qualify as ‘protected’, they require none, are the protection.
“What are we watching?”
“Concluding chapter.”
They foresee possibility and make it happen. In particular case under reflection, possibility of space-exploration at accelerated pace by use of amoral intervention and immoral subordination.
Bang!
We give first-hand testimony to what will be revealed. It is neither glorious nor heroic, involving death of innocence for Superior gain.
“How did you do it?”
The answer shall speak for itself.
“I chose a simple path, curious one, the scapegoat.”
There are many examples of the design, recorded throughout space and time, among various species, without regard for size or shape. All relying on the one to advance others.
“Hello, Lee.”
Gulp
The Inferior chosen was a perfect example of lower life-form employment. A mole of man with rodent advantages, able to blend for lack of physical attractiveness, weaseling way through society, picking among crumbs of occupational choice, never amounting to anything till a Madam made introductions.
“My name is Mistress Trudy, this is Philip, you will do what we say.”
He was chosen to perform a task…
“Aim for the heart. If you err high, his head explodes, miss low, and he’ll probably die from major organ strike…”
… manipulated to provide suitable image...
“Go to Russia, learn their ways, return home. Be prepared to propagate and promote controversial values…”
… given appropriate access to perform the job…
“You will work in the Book Depository, from there you will have a clear view…”
... and lastly, provided tools to accomplish desired goal.
“This is your rifle, this is your gun, one is for killing, the other’s for…”
All was set, day chosen, route known, position, perched on a windowsill braced for marksmanship precision, nerves reinforced by Wolf whisperings from behind...
“Take a deep breath… hold…“
… until…
“…Fire!”
Crack!
The bolt action carbine was a popular weapon of its time. Light, fairly concealable, and capable when called upon to perform function. Unfortunately…
“Not a kill, shoot again!”
Crack!
… long-gun relied upon ‘expertise of user’. Sadly, for recipient of expended ammunition, patsy chosen to take fall found inadequate, unable to place bullets where belonged, even at close range.
“Another miss, one more time!”
Crack!
Three rounds expended, an appropriate number for successful completion. At least, with Vampire help available.
Boom!
“Whoa! Hey, did anyone see…?”
Help, which can materialize anywhere…
“See what?”
… and alter accordingly.
“I’m not positive, but think I heard another gunshot over there.”
“Over where?”
“Atop the grassy knoll.”
No need to query further for truth verified suspicion. Proof is recorded history, a retelling of events by one involved…
“Hey, Phillip?”
“Yes, George?”
... in a world-shaping Superior conspiracy.
“Who really killed JFK?”
“Well technically, it was Harvey’s bullet which did the trick. But without Trudy’s intervention…”
The third round, final bullet fired from soon-thereafter assassinated killer of Presidential possibilities was upmost in thoughts during aftermath review. It’s conceivable, without delving too far into psychoanalysis, Superior minds enjoy finalities of three, a clear-cut winner no matter the contest.
“You knew he’d miss?”
“No, but knew he might. The guy sucked, couldn’t hit the side of a barn. So, Trudy blended behind the fence in case he blew it…”
Crack!
“… which, of course, he did…”
“I knew it.”
“… and when he did…”
Boom!
“… she responded.”
Superior reaction time is unquantified as yet. The reason is unsophisticated, response increases with demand. Eyes relate direction and travel time to messenger cells which deliver information to reception dendrites who then forward data down line till physical response ensues.
Tick
An analogy for visual’s sake can be made using the following example…
“We duel at noon!”
Tock
… wild-west gun-fighting.
Tick
The image on display involves a unique period of Inferior culture where life and death were determined by twitches. The speed of an index finger…
Tock
… steadiness of breath…
Tick
... inherent ability to aim, instinctively calculate distance to target, important considerations.
Tock
But, all things equal…
Tick
… the quicker the twitch…
Bam!
… the greater chance of survival.
Flop
Axons, synapsis, nodes of transportation, varied forms meant to convey switches, fuses thrown to initiate action. Western gunfights are perfect representations due to basicity. Whoever twitches first wins, second dies.
Bam!
Slump
The simplicity, black-and-white nature of armed conflict, particularly gruesome era where Humans with boots and spurs took aim at one another with not only the blessing, but encouragement and adoration of peers, is useful in presentation because it displays on macro what transpires in micro.
Bam!
Plop
First spark, firing of electrical stimuli, is the controlling factor.
Bam!
Erp
As one can surmise, taken to extremes, the quickest nerve prevails. Among Mankind, it’s provided the world with murderous assassins roaming deserts on horseback, searching out saloons in small, dusty, dirty towns to satisfy evil ways.
“Are you calling me a cheater?”
“Yep.”
With this backdrop one can imagine the scene where an Inferior, advanced as it might be amongst own kind, encounters a subject matter.
“Draw!”
Slice!
Slump
They tend to avoid weaponry if possible. When confronting Humans, talons top the chart. But it’s somewhat beside point for we are speaking of underlying theme to everything, reasoning behind relationship, therefore…
Crack!
… the first round was errant, a span away from target center. She knew before shot was fired, both did.
“This guy is horrible.”
“Yes, Dear, he is.”
Superior eye is a remarkable instrument, acuity, microscopic in scale and detail. From visual feedback a determination of probability established...
“What do you think?”
“He’s aiming five millimeters too high.”
… and necessary precautions taken…
“Stay with him at all times. I will blend with scenery and take action when needed.”
… for success to prevail.
Crack!
The second bullet was problematic from start, both Mistress Trudy and Wolf Phillip would later recall during separate, voluntary, future conversations, reason for the error.
“… sighting was off…”.
Inferior termination is not difficult, they’re an organic species with little in way of self-armoring and can be killed in a variety of means but generally find themselves victims of piercings if end not of natural kind.
“… he was aiming upper-right quadrant.”
Humanity’ greatest defense is its weakest, worthless part, the top-right torso. Seen in mirror-form, it holds but a single organ, one lung, and even it’s disposable if necessary. Containing nothing for life-support, it is essentially a product of equalization mimicking better-known, defenseless half, the upper-left quadrant of coronary purpose. Thus, before act was taken, due to Superior calculation, together Phillip and Trudy knew attempt would fail. It was therefore, down to final shot…
Crack!
… and her immediate response…
Boom!
… as she materialized, fired, and disappeared again, molting to shrubbery, melding with Nature. Bullet sent found target, round fired by fool who would kill a prince, ammunition which was on third errant projection, till intervention.
“What happened?”
“Trudy shot Harvey’s bullet in mid-flight, directing it back on target and ended what should’ve been an easy kill.”
(Note: Superior Marksmanship; Magic-Bullet Theorem. Ref. 38 )
The world reacted as expected...
“We will fulfill his dreams of interstellar discovery…”
… and Mankind met moon when technology took flight. Now, for those with conclusion issues, we will relieve anxiety with following insertion. Again, invoking the memory of Mistress Merri Li.
“He’s been shot…!”
We sat watching television, verifying end. Image was black and white, repeat of news footage. Location was a basement garage. The process, public, prisoner-transfer. Outcome…
“… Oswald’s been shot!”
… exactly as designed.
“And who, Mistress, is he?”
“He, my lovely alien, is the second scapegoat.”
Details were irrelevant for truth known…
“Yes, your Honor, I killed Oswald, but not for reason’s people think. There are greater forces at work, forces beyond our control…”
… the man would never see light of day, smell fresh air, taste freedom. He was destined for another role.
“Did you hear, Jack Ruby died.”
A role written in Human blood…
“Really, how?”
… with Superior hands…
“Mysteriously, from an undiagnosed embolism, in jail, awaiting trial for killing Oswald, the killer of Kennedy…”
… and beginnings of Armageddon’s arrival.
…

Session 21: Shifting Focus
Are you alert?
Yep.
Then please begin.
Okey-dokey. Uh…
Oh, for the love of…
Hold on, I’ve got it. Let’s see… um… okay… nope, don’t have it.
You were in Florida at a secure airbase with corresponding laser-missile capabilities, eliminated the Delmar family, and challenged custom by declaring LeTorque, Clan Superior Supreme.
Oh, yeah…
“Anyone hungry?”
“I am.”
We returned home soon after and were relaxing in front of the television, guys sitting in recliners, girls lounging out back, Daemon on floor playing with Spot, attempting magically-appearing Speedy-spider trick which was less impressive because pooch grew accustomed to the act. Wesson was still a closet Zombie.
“How about tacos?”
“Sounds good.”
It was three days, two nights and few worrisome hours since asserting ascension to the throne. Made possible because Vivian’s declaration, issued to Wolves and Vamps whose allegiance, abruptly altered.
“You’re eliminating Security?”
The Wolf chosen to lead the pack in questioning was named Schmidt. I liked Schmidt. He was an old dog with some bite left in him. Not the biggest hound around with some silver hairs, making him an oddity among our kind. One Vivian couldn’t resist.
“Yes, whiskers, we are. Do you represent the Tribe?”
“I do now.”
Schmidt was in a strange position, one select others had seen, witnessing a Tribal Elder family declare themselves superior to Clan hierarchy. It was done before and failed because, response always negative. The reason, reactionary.
“And what do you say, my dear grey Wolf?”
“We will honor your wishes till Elders rule otherwise or Wolves rebel in kind.”
It was standard answer for it stood the test of time. Very first family to declare themselves victors were the Vermin…
“We stake a claim to Supremacy…!”
… and Wolf representing reaction, replied…
“We will honor your wishes till…”
… which resulted in extermination of every Vermin on the planet when Clan Elders ruled alternately and unleashed the dogs. Next family to try…
“We’re the Herpes, and we proclaim…!”
… also removed in similar fashion and a basic pattern evolved. Stake a claim, defend, and die. Heard from someone, somewhere, sometime, over thirty-thousand claims by then, and it was a long time ago, and there still wasn’t a single family who’d succeeded until…
“All right, I think it’s time we got this started…”
… the adorablest…
Sic
… Vampire in history of blonde Vamps explained the situation.
“… here’s how it is, Schmidt, so listen wisely. We already own the Council which means part one of your declaration is moot. Do you agree?”
“Yes, Mistress.”
While watching the spectacle unfold, calmness began to overtake center-being which was odd considering circumstances. After killing top family of Security in their own backyard, surrounded by surviving Wolf-pack, we voluntary asserted a claim which previously meant certain death. 
“Good, now it’s on to part two, the ensuing rebellion…”
There was a tingling throughout the body, like tiny air-bubbles bursting in delight.
“… we will allow its commencement after third nightfall, as per tradition…”
Eyesight focused, hearing sharper than ever, experience  surreal because, performance so real…
What?
The whole speech, entire act, planned beforehand. They rehearsed.
“… we’ve set our fuse and lit the wick. Within three nights a new moon will emerge and with it the final challenge...
Her tone, identical, pitch the same. Whispers in background, not distracting, Phillip and George mimicked scene during pre-rehearsal preparations. It allowed time to look around. The sight was magnificently mischievous.
Growl
The Wolves of Security were first to unofficially enroll in Operation-Out of this World because they saw certainty staring back at them, illuminated in star-lit brilliance from eyes of a Mistress who knew which strings to pull.
“… it is here and now, my wondrous warriors. You, above all others, should be pleased. You’ve lived to see the day you were made for, day to determine destiny…”
It was an image, never appreciated before. Oh, been involved from start and witnessed her oratory skills in the past, but then, for a moment, she became what she preached.
“… Humans are assets and liabilities. We shall use them as such. Bait, cannon fodder, oil for fuel if you must. It doesn’t matter, conclusion reached, follow our lead, voluntarily, at prescribed time… or don’t… and receive the reply.”
Every Wolf knew it was coming, could feel the Alpha waiting, watching, wondering who would jump, who would be first, who would die worst. A dumb dog would’ve barked. Schmidt wasn’t stupid.
“We shall follow protocol and await the time. If, after three days and nights, your pronouncement is not satisfactory, we shall take steps to ensure Clan supremacy.”
She’d given him the out, chance to leave defeated yet pride-intact. Gave us time to relax until end appeared, one way or another. It arrived on time, during taco-preparation night, with me in kitchen searching tortilla types…
“Soft or hard? Corn or flour?”
“Both.”
… George and Phillip, lounging around, responding in unison …
“Beef, chicken, shrimp, or fish?”
“All.”
… when Trudy and Vivian entered, interrupting with something longed yet dreaded…
Huh?
You know, thing wished for and not. Like answer to a blind date or anonymous love-letter. Knowledge desired but result feared.
Got it. Carry on.
Okay…
“Johnny, it’s time we talked.”
Normally those words would send  feet fleeing to avoid whatever followed. No one, while speaking, would utter inane nonsense after emphasizing the announcement. Therefore, seriousness in play. Something, tend to dislike for some reason. But it wasn’t normal times, it was end-of-times, so…
“Okay.”
“Good, let’s sit down and discuss what your future holds while Wesson finishes making the meal.”
Hence, Zombie fetched from storage, instructed on proper culinary practices…
“… browned, roasted, broiled, and fried.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
… and all gathered round table for some Vampire insight.
“We’ve conferred with Council and concluded, in accordance with Coven compact certain events will transpire…”
The grand overall scheme was vague. Go underground, wait, attack. It was below, where things became much more specific.
“… expect to be tried by Wolves, Vamps, and another of unknown origin…”
As usual, a slight disruption to prediction was included for margin of error purposes.
“Unknown?”
“Yes, but don’t fret, you’re under our authority, it should suffice.”
“Should?”
 Remember, looking at each, their eyes reflecting confidence, Clan law would reign supreme.
“Yes, we rule Third. As representative, you’ll be safeguarded by those entrusted with the chore.”
It seemed important, so asked for clarification.
“Who?”
“The ranking family in territory occupied. As you descend they’ll respond accordingly.”
As generally happens, with more information came further probing.
“What if they fail?”
“Well, you’ll be dead. But don’t worry, won’t happen, it’s called dereliction of duty...”
The honor code, life hinged on premise of hierarchy premiere, violation resulting in prolonged termination.
“… other Wolves would eat them alive.”
The prospect of revenge, post-death, unappealing and thoughts of ascertaining alternate endings entered head when television, brusquely, interrupted…
“Hello, this is Tim Tidbit with breaking news…”
… and the games began.
“… the Moon is alive and moving.”
The prophecy fulfilled. Such a relief, almost jumped with joy but couldn’t because, as excitement arrived with ecstatic speed another thought followed which doused everything.
“Oh, no.”
The time had actually, truly, somehow, suddenly, irrevocably arrived.
“Aw, crap.”
It was both the best and worst sensation. Suppose, analogy is man who falls in love with dying woman, addicted to something lost, pining for life itself.
“Is it really time?”
One wouldn’t change a thing…
“Yes, Sweetie, it’s time to part ways.”
… unless, it was everything.
Sniff
Won’t bore you with details, knew from the start, day would come. But still…
Snort
… a miserable moment, grown dependent, sharing information, planning future’s progression when sharply, in a single snap, everything terminated. Worst part, personal destination, a  place the outside world prohibited. Therefore, thoughts of final prediction, the foreseeable future, last  imprints on imagination, images of upcoming invasion described in minute detail by a Vampire in private consultation.
“… they will bring terror from above, followed by incursion, declaration, and the elimination of most Mankind. The process won’t take long, Humans will fight, but lose. The world, nothing but a mass of ruin, till time arrives, and payment for aggression rendered with righteous retribution…”
Wonder if the design survived as predicted?
You don’t know?
Nope, the journey delved into territory structured for secrecy, security tight. Only information, extracts  of recorded gossip, nothing to impact retention and reveal what really happened.
Would you like to see?
Can I?
Sure, it’s technologically modest . We’ll cobble together independent resources and introduce content during restauration, recovery recess, a simple enough process. One should be warned though, source material may be considered criminal to many minds.
Understood.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 21: Wishful Thinking 
As the defendant absorbs historically relevant holographic footage, we shall attempt description of topical consideration, Johnny’s chosen companions. The effort may appear tardy, an introduction of cast members post-screening, but time controls and intervened. Not until the separation, at time of alien intrusion, were systems fully aware. The reason, since birth, defendant has avoided detection. Furthermore, he provides shelter to any blood-bound. While it may sound insignificant, remember, those of inner circle are in contention, the rest of Superior society, out. Some may question prioritization, a valid argument when performed generally for it is true, compared to others, the lowest Wolf and least Vampire, prevail. They are the furthest developed, deadliest creatures ever devised. But we are not searching for a dominant species, we want the individual, a single champion, one with controllable time-line. As such, analogy of sports plays better. Near end of season, after athletes seed themselves for final participation, the real games begin. Nobody cares who placed fourth. Elite are Heaven’s desire and we intend to fulfill the mission. With it said, we admit an oversight.
“Hello, Nate.”
“Hello, Mistress Melissa.”
The period coincided…
“… the Moon’s alive…”
… post previous testimony, as we appeared in LeTorque Manor, an awakening of sorts, described as living blind, unaware light possible till sight returned and new worlds revealed. The feeling was covert, an underlying sense of incomplete, something lacking, unknown, until it wasn’t.
“Hi, Nathan.”
“Hello, Phillip.”
For first time since the defendant’s introduction, all were whole, contingent’s whereabouts known. Yin, Merri Li, entire LeTorque family discounting Testifier, accounted for. To those with Supervisory roles, the following will come as no surprise. We do not, cannot, individually monitor. Time is adversarial to the process. The subjects possess unlimited potential. At any moment, any or all, will perform acts worthy of inspection. To investigate would deplete resources and prove inconsequential because experiments, those in Superior strata, both allow and disregard oversight.
“Hey, Nathanial.”
“Hello, George.”
To retain control, an umbrella constructed. Imagine Superior society as a downpour, endless raindrops attempting break-in. We do not care for failure. Those repelled are unworthy, found insufficient. Those which do…
“Nat!”
“Hello, Mistress Vivian.”
… are traced to root origin, synchronized with world-wide data, reproduced in atomic detail, subjected to personalized molecular visitation, and archived for Scientific discovery. In base formulation, if something of significance occurs on the planet, we become aware. To preface again, we do not care, take no sides, and hold no prejudice. For those with angst issues, we repeat, fast-forward and be comforted. The war won, story finished, as of this moment, three Clans remain, all contestants in place, Hell on its heels.
“Hello, Dear.”
“Hello, Madam Trudy.”
They move without stride but encompass the room. It’s a pleasure to behold, an engineering marvel in truth. They use restraint with such ease, picture presented a fabrication, intended for disorientation, tactic of Superior muscle control.
“Is anyone hungry?”
“I am.”
The scene is reminiscent. A habitat, whether cave or coliseum, food and conversation. Testament to time’s importance and the beginnings of orchestration.
“Who want’s pizza?”
“I do.”
We sat as usual, in familiar form, fashionably suited to fit occasion. They, in various styles of designer perfection when conversation began.
“We need to talk.”
An informal group, while giving appearance of royalty, rarely acting the part. Proof is on-screen, in a mansion worth fortunes, eating pizza from cardboard box, sitting around card table, discussing world domination, watching television announce, approaching Armageddon.
“Welcome to Channel Five News, your first and last choice for entertainment…”
The mood relaxed, odd during crisis, a normal state for them. Agitation, itchiness, the restlessness associated with danger are chemical responses to action. Welcomed by the bulk of beings, though over-exaggerated, positives outweigh negatives. A safety siren with penchant to prematurely ring preferred to one delayed. The reason is obvious, most living become threatened. These can be single events if the response insufficient. Therefore, preparation for worst-case scenario is not only prudent but necessary. Surprise is why.
“George?”
“Yeah?”
“Ease my curiosity, what happens next?”
The unknown take many forms in unpredictable ways. Attacks by alley cats proportionately higher, yet less lethal, than polar bears. If premonition possible, response, equal to challenge…
“Meow!”
Kick
… if not.
“Roar!”
Gulp
Due to Nature’s preference of chaotic ordered structure, organisms everywhere evolved logically and prepare rationally. Startle any creature to verify, surprise will shock.
“You want to know the plan?”
“If you would be so kind.”
Heightened sensory design is complex and intertwined. We have not the time to explain so will shorten with observational witness of scientific study. It was early, premodern, and Humans in hunter-gather stage. We, monitoring interaction events, the experiment designed to measure speed and striking distance. It involved Human, Wolf, and cave. The goal was simple. Place both inside, record, and analyze. The results were as expected. Wolf won, Man lost. The timing, though, was off.
“Well, we don’t have perfect data because the satellite images are hazy and telescopes obscured, but they appear to be constructing a base for invasion…”
A pause where one shouldn’t, the indicator. Toss watermelon off roof, wait, listen for response. If no sound, something amiss. The encounters between subjects in cave experimentation were suspect for following purpose, they took far too long. What should last an instant, didn’t. Intrigued, we placed sensors for further coverage and gleaned…
“… now, we need to know our enemy, so the initial idea is wait…”
… Wolves provoke action.
“… and watch…”
Heart rate and blood pressure are easily monitored and generally maintained. The base rate is relaxation and fluttering equals maximum. These knowns were put to use as humanity placed in a cave, measured, and left alone. Then Wolf entered. There was initial surge of beats as Human faced greatest fear, then the pause. It’s then, when things got interesting. Instead of eliminating Inferior life, Hound waited, tempting the creature to escape. It never did, of course, but it’s beside the point. What’s on point is instant of action. The episodes were many, but all revealed identical scenarios. Human cowering in corner, Wolf stoic, nonchalant, seemingly uninterested when Man glances at escape, cave opening, and makes decision. Preparing for flight involves use of lower appendages, blood supplies fuel. The greater need, more blood flow. It’s possible to measure amount through circulatory evaluation, arterial vessels dilate, sera flood in, legs grow larger in diameter. Furthermore, heartbeat increases to meet demand. When action chosen, as prey prepares to flee, biological process builds to a crescendo, the heart fills, vessels enlarge, until…
Slash!
Slump
… the end arrives with stunning speed. Studies prove it’s possible to determine time of initiation, when Humans, an individual yet predictable breed, anatomically and otherwise, react. Coronary rhythms fall in predetermined fashion as do fluid levels. With norms known, one can predict movement in controlled settings with proper equipment. Pulse is clue. Final contraction before onset of motion, noticeable, strengthening of fibers providing anticipated need, the give-away. In every situation, throughout experimentation, movement was forecast prior to occurrence. The series went thusly…
inflate
pause
pump
… and recordings made. The delay was obvious when seen in conclusion, tell-tale sign the next contraction would begin onset, revealed by science in form of sensors deployed for Heaven’s advancement, inherency to predict response. A useful and reliable tool. One, Wolves and Vamps possess internally.
“… until it’s time to strike.”
They hear the human heartbeat, an announcement of next intention. What would mean nothing to most is a countdown. With Wolves, the process became a game. They would stand idle, smiling, jovial even, until victim steeled, made decision to escape, and…
Slice!
Plop
… died. It’s their overwhelming advantage which provided coverage for oversight. The LeTorque are known. A group with astonishing power, resources, and lack of scruples. They kill without thought, oppose with animosity, and seek higher office openly. Obviously, with such attributes, attention paid. The problem was numerical, time limits resource. Judgements  made on priority and values weighed. It’s the weight which caused confusion.
“What then?”
“After we counterattack? Well…”
Superior hierarchy is based on strength, physical and mental. Wolves and Vampires respect both. As such, they are in a consistent state of impressment, the ability to awe others with accomplishment. This act compels innovation and a basis for understanding ignorance.
“And then?”
“We finish the game.”
During Defendant’s lifeline either siblings or blended family have challenged and succeeded within Superior structure. They’ve invented industries, subjugated empires, and both embraced or repelled economic calamity. In sum, they’ve been busy. It clouded oversight. We know for inquired. When discovered, retraced and gleaned, attention otherwise occupied. The revelation, one of Johnny’s blood always absent, shocking until further review, revealed cause. Another was shaping history at the time.
…

Session 22: Entrance Fee
Whoa!
Take a moment, allow it to absorb…
An entire city, pounded to dust…
Yes, the initial onslaught was attention grabbing.
Dude, everything was falling. Buildings, sixty floors high, crumbling, raining concrete on those below. Some of whom were quite slow. Looked like ketchup packets exploding…
Okay, we don’t need graphic descriptions.
Sorry.
It’s all right. Now, could you continue…?
Sure, where…?
Leaving LeTorque.
Oh, yeah…
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Sir?”
“Take a right.”
We departed in a four-door sedan commandeered for the mission. On a side note, cool thing about Apocalypse preparation was availability of vehicles, they’re everywhere. Turns out, when people depart in droves, they leave an amazing assortment behind. Cars, boats, motorcycles, it didn’t matter, with little time to spare, things worth weight in gold, forgotten. In our case, shiny red auto with power-brakes, sunroof, and leather interior.
“Take a left.”
“Yes, Sir.”
The destination was downtown with detective behind wheel, myself riding shotgun, Daemon and Spot in rear guard position. The ride, eerie because only vehicle present, one occupied.
“Get on the freeway.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Wide lanes made things cooler, as though entire strip of asphalt built for our purpose alone. Which, if you think about it, was probably true. Vamps have an odd way of seeing things prematurely, knowing something needed before comprehending why. But anyway…
“Take the exit.”
… Wesson did as told and, nearing destination, thought it prudent to go over responsibilities.
“Do you have the paper?”
“Paper, Sir?”
Those not-so-living are frustrating creatures. They seem Human, obey commands and do little things like ransacking graveyards or self-exploding for grander schemes, but sometimes the simplest yet more important issues leave them mystified.
“The paper, one Vivian gave you?”
“Oh, um… uh-huh, it’s in my pocket.”
The note was everything. Without it, well, would’ve done something else. But with it, we had the key, price of admission, acceptance to another world. The Dallas underground.
“Good. Now, tell me your orders.”
“Yes, Sir, I’m to provide passage, protect Daemon, and perish upon completion. My life is worthless, his priceless. My needs are negligent, his paramount. If needed, plunge a dagger in eye to focus clearly while attacking without restraint, all provocation, any threat to Master’s aura, physical or otherwise. Slit my wrist…”
The Southern city was master-planned from origin, cavernous mazes of concrete passageways designed to link upper commerce with institutions below. Beginning in early years, earth removed and replaced by constructed symbols of success, skyscrapers so tall, birds broke beaks on mirrored steel and stone during mid-flight, aerial activities. With each year, edifices of great worth attached to system and one such place, our destination, came to view as the deceased finished dictating, prime directive.
“… or die trying, so help my mortal, insignificant soul.”
“Okay. Take a left.”
Upon arrival a tingle appeared, shiver of thrill, cultivation of generations, entrance to talent unseen, untapped till then.
“Pull in.”
We exited car, walked to admission and…
“Bark!”
“Uh-oh.”
… met a Zombie at the door. An ugly one, bad kind, one in horror flicks with big, gaping wounds and horrible teeth. But worse, because it was there for a purpose, ordered to keep anyone and everyone out. In essence, complication to overcome, first line of defense. Place needed guarding and undone drones, textbook for the chore, standing all day, not eating or sleeping, thinking bad thoughts and praying for unsuspecting victims. Per defined requirements, worst Humanity could provide. Villain before us, perfect example, criminal lacking morals, overcompensated with size. Much too large for confrontation. Thankfully, planned and came prepared.
“My name is… Erp!”
Unfortunately, non-living doorman did likewise and job nearly finished before begun.
What?
We had a secret password, my name and title, but before sentence could be uttered, he was at the throat.
“Gack!”
Zombies are not nice neighbors, vilest of creatures, sinister, cruel, with a penchant for sadism. The monster with hands denying breath, perfect example, entire time muttering…
“… kill the messenger...”
… and squeezing harder. Began to black out wondering when aid would arrive before realizing, there was no help. Only me, child, genetically-imperfect pooch, and retired investigator turned reluctant sitter.
“Gag.”
The end within sight, vision blurred as darkness crept in. Thought, sad way to die, in the hands of man turned, one willing to do anything for a price. Feelings of grief and inevitability settling in, moments from infinity when…
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Master Daemon?”
… kid sent word, he was on my side…
“Protect, Uncle Johnny.”
… by providing the worst hero imaginable. Even in a state of near-extermination, nearly laughed at attack for man lacked both aptitude and physique to perform such an act. Things appeared dire, bleak when…
“Arf!”
… Spot joined the fray…
Grrr!
… which did nothing to alter overall picture, but did jostle grip ever so slightly…
“Gasp!”
… allowing a burst of hope to scream forth…
“Johnny Johnson, Elder Alpha, Third Clan!”
… and stopped creature, mid-squeeze. Could see external facts, his biceps struggling to overcome directives and finish strangulation but thwarted by another’s command.
“I’ll inform the Mistress.”
He let go as we stood in disarray, somewhat triumphant if reluctant for rematch. A lot of panting while waiting. Me, post-suffocation, Wesson, physical exertion, Spot… well… he was a dog so anything’s possible, even puppy pride, suppose. Anyway, about a minute went by before convict returned with two others.
 “This is Mistress…”
She didn’t need introduction, her beauty, legendary, a princess from deep woods of Texas named…
“… Tiffany…”
… and Wolf...
“…Ishmael…”
… mate and partner in crime we once employed to garner Third Clan control. Their reward…
“… Stewards of the Underworld, judge and jury, Superior.”
… a prominent position, responsible for admittance, keys to life itself. An impressive pair, impossibly perfect. He was Alpha, exemplifying steel, unbreakable, unbending, a wall without flaw, everything landlords desire. She was bonus, Madam material. Together, they formed something dangerous.
“Hello, Mr. Johnson.”
Vampire spoke for both as they stood, representing unity, welcoming challenge, ready for war. Other said nothing, no need, a glaring reality, almost sun-like absurdity, if either moved, we died. She continued.
“Did you bring the permit?”
With fear audible to all, replied in warbled words.
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Sir?”
“Show her the paper.”
The note, written in blood, witnessed by all, a ticket to any play. Fairly basic, it announced command and support from the Matriarch of LeTorque. A get-out-of-jail card lacking expiration, pardon and promise of serious consequences for those unwilling or unwise to provide admittance. A passport to another world, total immunity, one problem...
“I left it in the car.”
… Zombie with deteriorating mental capacity.
“Then go get it.”
“Yes, Sir.”
While waiting, passed time, usual way…
“Good help is hard to find.”
“True.”
… until former flatfoot finally returned with proof in hand. Tiffany took the document, scanned quickly, nodded assent, and propelled procedure further.
“Present the burden.”
 When she spoke, her representative, past-time criminal with awful greeting habits, came forward, held arm straight out, and...
Slice!   
… lent his part to proceedings.
Drip
It was, then, our turn.
“Wesson?”
He stood slack-jawed, open-mouthed, staring at opposition, other leering back, grinning madly, sera oozing from stump remains.
“Buddy?”
“Yes… Sir?”
His response, hesitant, unaware the moment important, verification required. No choice. So, followed design and ordered deed done.
“Lift your arm, please.”
“What?”
Regrettably, there was a hiccup.
“I said…”
“I heard what you said. Are you insane? No way, forget it, not happening…”
Madams can’t help themselves, if something can be worded in vague detail, it will be done. The problem, representing authority.
“You must, it’s an order.”
“I don’t care what it is. I’m not doing anything. I don’t answer to anyone but…”
One could almost hear the brakes screech as he tried halting explanation. Too late, if he was going to nit-pick, no problem.
“Fine… Daemon.”
“Yes, Uncle Johnny?”
“Please tell Wesson…”
Chop!
Proof is in the pudding. An interesting statement, mix makes the meal. Another, eye of beholder. Both demand authenticity, something half-absent, remedied.
“Are you okay?”
“No, Sir, I’m not okay, you cut my arm off…”
So anyways, after passing burden of proof we entered the building…
Hold on.
Yes?
An explanation is needed.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 22: A Head of Time
The intricacies involved with Matriarchal governance are multiples in nature. One such design, the use of Zombies to project power, exert outside influence, test for weakness. The basics are thus. Vampire blood is viral and the strongest prevail. While it sounds simple, explanation is otherwise. To speed the process, an example for proper color.
“Hello, Mistress Melissa.”
“Hello, Nate.”
The timeline was post Second Clan birth, pre-Third formation. The location…
“Where are you going?”
“To town.”
… hamlet and castle in First territory. She was untitled then, living on land loaned by sister Merri Li, Matriarch. A residence of luxury surrounded by filth.
“Would you care for company?”
“I would.”
The ride was enjoyable, a lovely day with glorious companion upon steeds of coal, regal creatures bred for transport. The purpose, something evil.
“Any witnesses?”
“No, Mistress.”
The affair was everywhere, townsfolk gossiping, businesses shuttered, civility in short supply, and reason…
“Show me the remains.”
… a murder of most viscous nature.
“Is this all?”
“Yes, Mistress. At least, all we could find.”
Act would lead to discovery, a profound shift of position, brought about by something acknowledged but unmentioned.
“Was it Wolf?”
“Yes, Nate, it appears to be.”
In every civilization, those who revolt, whether genetically erroneous or emotionally crippled, they arise and wreak havoc. An embarrassment, mistakes to correct.
“What will you do?”
“What needs to be done.”
The difficulty in dealing with any who disvalue life is mentality which accompanies personality, self-centered philosophy of might. Wolves don’t murder Humans. Yes, they kill for sport and enjoy torment but only under specified situations. Man has no defense, a marshmallow underfoot, and the idea, beasts running wild, enough to cease creativity as Inferiors, fearful of future, unwilling to work, unable to provide. Previously, challenge was to find culprit, sentence, and remove. The problem…
“He admits the deed.”
… one without regret.
“… doesn’t care.”
Exterminating rodents is a chore, not sin, unless rat. Perception is paramount. Cat who kills mice, heralded. One scratching children, destroyed. Value decides. If needed, protected. If not…
“Bring him to me.”
… removed.
“You called?”
“Yes, there are rumors…”
The delicate nature of command, sometimes downplayed, leads some to believe authority exists when, in fact, it’s given. Power is one thing, control another. To Sherriff without gun, badge is bullseye. With precedent set, a relation of facts to inform.
“… do you deny?”
“No.”
Wolf’s name was Frank, brutal, large, powerful, completely devoid conscious. Unattached for reasons of persona, a lesser with Alpha illusion, one in need of control, an intercession initiated.
“You will cease terrorizing the town.”
“Why? No one can stop me.”
Statement of factual veracity, nothing would oppose. Wolves care naught for men, they challenge for rank. Frank held none. A Beta relegated secondary, taking revenge on humanity, no reason to yield...
“True, but you shall agree anyway.”
“Why? What’s in it for me?”
… until…
“Me.”
“Deal!”
… she made the offer none could refuse. Killings ended but town grieved. Their Mistress, Madam of Castle, sibling to Clan Elders themselves, partnering with something less-than ideal, a killer within.
“… do you accept?”
The mourning began with a vow…
“I do.”
… as crowd quieted, wished well, and watched her disappear into stronghold, hand in hand with brute-force in Frank-form.
“I can’t believe this.”
Mood grim, skies grey, when reception began…
“Why would she…?”
… but as related, shade, darkest before dawn…
“Hold on, is something happening?”
… as cloud-break emerged, single sunbeam spot-lit the Maiden, Madam, and Mistress who reemerged, glimmering in golden rays…
“What’s in her hand?”
… holding…
“Is it…?”
… on high…
“It is! It’s Frank’s head!”
… the engine of change.
“Yay!”
…
(BREAK)

Session 23: Preparatory Schooling
Are you okay?
Uh-huh, all good, the images were… well… a little violent.
It was beginnings of genocide, did you expect different?
A closer contest, maybe.
Johnny, the design was instituted by your kind. Surely, they voiced views and provided context about projected casualties.
They did, but it didn’t do justice. Come on, eating people?
Many forms eliminate all trace of competition.
They were alive, Nat.
We’re not defending actions, merely mentioning datum, the vanquished are generally treated poorly. One needs only history to reveal cannibalism, slavery, and torture as commonplace among species. Humans are no different, and by extension, your kind not immune.
True, but…
But what?
It was gross, dude.
Yes, war usually is and will remain so until all unite as one. Now, setting philosophy aside and returning to bargain, could you begin?
Okay. Uh… where…?
Entering the Dallas underground.
Right…
“Follow me.”
… Tiffany led way, Ismael to left, me to right, rest of party in rear. The room was enormous, filled with wonders and displays of intelligence, something rarely seen upside.
“What is this place?”
“The Museum of Science and Nature.”
It was brilliant, illuminated, and void of people. Kid couldn’t resist.
“Uncle Johnny?”
“Go ahead, have fun.”
He dashed off as children do, Wesson followed as post-middle-aged men do, while ears listened to a vision in high heels explain purpose.
“We’ve prepared with possibility in mind, the upper structure, convenient but disposable when required…”
Briefing in mission speak, something incomprehensible, but enjoyable to hear.
“… the remains will reinforce those below, providing cover, shielding presence…”
While moving, became aware of new sensation, Ishmael’s brow furrowed, look of confusion on face without expression, eyes searching for something amiss.
“It’s me.”
“Pardon?”
“The feeling, like a void. It’s my talent, you can’t sense others.”
Employed infrequently for a reason, my kind hate the gift, vulnerability. They’ve got enemies and friends who’d kill for the chance. It’s why, so few bonded. Without protection, be bound to all.
“May I be honest?”
“Sure.”
The numbness permeates, sows troubling thoughts to those affected, questions loyalty, and promotes discord. Generally not preferred. For those reasons, hiding recommended. Unfortunately…
“I wish you were dead.”
“Yeah, most do.”
…couldn’t, because the end of time demanded otherwise, presence proving power at play. In every situation, a liability. They can’t scent, things get edgy, someone dies. Sole saving grace, hierarchy. Without it, dead, wouldn’t stand a chance. But with it, Vampires become complicit.
“He’s in there.”
She pointed to a room, small offshoot in corner, closet sized, goal for the day.
“What’s he called?”
“His name…”
Montgomery was the moniker, Science-fiction author without following, classification so vast, libraries hold innumerable novels, unread. He was to be the spark, inspiration, one to lead from darkness. He was also, at the time, huddled fearfully, quaking violently.
“Easy pal, everything’s okay.”
Man’s greatest fear is not death, but means of demise. Dying quietly in sleep, a soothing solace. Burning-alive, not. Montgomery was experiencing reality in a time of turmoil, Earth in peril, lives uprooted, with incredible beings gathered underground. It’s understandable, guy was worried.
“Are you here to kill me?”
Still, no reason to be fatalistic.
“No, we need your help.”
It took a while but, eventually, he calmed to communicate.
“You won’t eat me?”
“Where would you get the idea…?”
She gave a slight smile, confirming suspicion, allowing hero to emerge.
“Look, I’m in control, nothing will happen...”
Look he gave, not supportive.
“You’re in charge?”
“Yes.”
Follow-up, even less so.
“Are you serious?”
“Yes.”
And conclusion…
“But… you’re so little.”
… sadly…
“You know what they say, good things come in small packages.”
… also on mark.
“So do chips.”
Ignoring the salty comeback, explained everything, including those not for everyday consumption.
“Vampires?”
“Yes, and Werewolves.”
He understood rapidly, time recording fiction lending aid, thoughts pliable, a mind willing to accept alternate theories, those with darker tones.
“Heaven?”
“Uh-huh, and Hell.”
Following finale, waited for response, searching for ideas, not fantasy. Similar, not the same. He eventually came around and agreed but queried first…
“What about Mankind?”
… and, replied  to honestly.
“Well, most will die, some tortured, but a few will survive.”
Their resiliency is impressive, despite all contradiction, Humanity believes in itself. The fantasy author, seeing silver lining…
“Few?”
“Very small, think single digits.”
… took the bait…
“Can I be one?”
“You may.”
… and thus began education of savior by paid professor of falsehood.
“… didn’t see them coming because we weren’t searching correctly…”
Montgomery was chosen for one reason, finished what started. The book was a flop, almost illiterate with punctuation sparse but contained beginning, middle, and end. Surprisingly rare in outer-space genre. Innovation was required, imagination preferred. We owned scientists, wanted magicians.
“What do you mean?”
“Here, I’ll show you.”
Schooling was preparatory and Daemon the pupil. An entire complex, eight floors high, filled with discoveries, closed to paying public. Montgomery wandered and found a prop.
“This, young Master Daemon, is a portable radio. As it sits right now, we hear nothing, no sound, no noise, only a box with dials…”
As he spoke, noticed the others listening but paying scant attention. Impatience, a fleeting feeling among those with extended lifespans.
“Wolf Johnson?”
“Yes?”
“Will you be needing us?”
She asked with sincerity, a sure sign things uncomfortable, so replied…
“No.”
… to thin air, both departing without leaving a trace. Stood in silent astonishment as man with inexplicable income droned on.
“… but truth is, all around us, completely engulfing everything, invisible soundwaves of known frequency…”
The beginning was ending, next stage evolving. Know, for when he made point by dialing source-code on radio, announcement blared forth loud and clear, stereo mode.
“… we repeat, the following is not a warning, aliens invaded Asia...”
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 23: Debt of Despair
While Defendant views past encounters, we return to subject…
“Yay!”
… and expand understanding…
“Whoopie!”
… of undead practices and procedures.
“Frank’s dead!”
They cheered for the funeral, a grand spectacle, entire town in attendance, trouble from onset.
Grrr
Number unknown, thought sole, inquiry unnecessary. Didn’t matter. Wolf dead, humanity elated, rule violated, response required.
Growl!
Half the hamlet butchered instantly. Wolf retribution swift, merciless, precise…
Slit!
… entire village on brink of extinction when…
“What is it?”
“I think…”
… Madam Melissa, again, altered time. We journey, year prior, aforementioned hamlet, same villagers, one exception.
“What’s his occupation?”
“Coroner, Mistress.”
Doctor Stein was gifted, curious to a fault, raised, educated, well-liked, married with three children, no debt, proper employment, lifelong resident.
“Cough!”
The first sign, ominous. Blood, never a welcome sight, spray-painted death. He brought it home, bed-bound, three nights, scared but assured, relatives nearby, family safe, financially protected, ready to die.
“Cough.”
Youngest are often, most vulnerable.
“No.”
Child’s proximity was cause. Quaint house, tiny hamlet, sick father. Highly susceptible. Doctor heartbroken, ill yet present as youth expired, anguished by guilt when…
“Cough!”
… another…
“Cough-cough!”
… then all…
“Cough!”
… gone.
“No!”
None entered, all afraid contagion. He lay soulless, gaunt, feverish, hateful of those alive, no longer prepared for death, angry. She entered the home.
“Do you agree?”
“Yes, Mistress.”
 Compact of blood is one-sided, Mistress command. Medicine man turned willingly, accepting submission. She offered vengeance, demanding life.
“You work here.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
He scoured the countryside, examined, offered, and returned. The laboratory grew.
“You are mine.”
She was experimenting, employing former coroner to expand research, testing limits of control.
“How many move?”
“Most, Mistress, during dissection, joints avoided…”
When not severing, he looked deeper…
“What is it?”
“A toxin, Mistress, deadly with ingestion or inhalation. Watch the eyes as…”
… searching for a clue, way to find the enemy within. His contract with her, disease, Nature’s hidden time-bomb. Naturally, it led elsewhere.
“Halt!”
The thought sprung from confrontation. Daphne, a Madam on visitation with entourage, many Zombies, nasty dispositions, not needed for protection, employed for separation, effective barriers, efficient transportation. As was normal, post-use, herd thinned.
“Fight!”
They tore themselves to pieces.
“Stop!”
The game, never serious, wagers placed, bets covered. Winner, Vampire with most Zombies erect.
“Congratulations.”
“Thank you.”
Dr. Stein saw something else.
“Interesting.”
The lab was ready in three days and visiting Vamp subtly tempted. She was inexperienced, unworldly, but brimming with confidence. And the challenge, intriguing.
“Blood versus blood.”
Two Zombies with opposing allegiance, an operating room, dual beds, one saw. Procedure completed, test followed. Evidence presented everywhere. A messy affair with orderly structure. Remove arms, reattach on opposing characters, and challenge.
“Leap from the window.”
Madam Daphne, given first opportunity, received no response, Zombie indifference. Mistress Melissa went next.
“Leap from...”
Splat!
The first complied without hesitation. She then repeated to second…
“Leap…”
Splat!
… eliminating any doubt, new age in recognition, contest of Superior blood determining domination, individual contact unnecessary, proof in physical form. Hierarchy found adaptable, Matriarchs sending messages, receiving reply, safe from identity theft, controlling Zombies, surrogate calling cards, power presented from afar.
…

Session 24: Ambushed Ambitions
Here, this might help.
What is it?
A combination of many things, most in base form.
Huh?
For indigestion, Johnny, the upset stomach.
Oh, thanks.
Glug
Better?
No.
You knew it gruesome, were you not prepared?
Not enough. Did Mankind win one battle?
No.
Not a single…?
Nope.
What about individual…?
None.
Sigh
Are you okay?
Guess so.
Then could you…?
Sure, where…?
Museum, ground floor, alien-Asian invasion in stereo.
Oh, yeah…
“… we repeat, spaceships have landed …”
Montgomery turned the radio off when warning repeated and returned to teaching. Didn’t have much to do, so sat awhile, listening to tutorial…
“… and even greater flexibility with amplitude variation…”
… remained longer, pondering incomprehension and what it meant…
“… compounding the equation, tone and pitch within same transmission. Frequency is key…”
… until…
“Whine.”
… Spot intervened.
“Arf!”
“All right, let’s go.”
With Wesson watching Daemon observe Montgomery, went dog-sitting. It led to an event, inevitable yet premature.
What?
Check this out.
“Come on…”
It was twenty minutes after departure, the mutt, finally satisfied with watering-hole inspection, and nerves on bitter edge. He sniffed fifty possibilities before acceptance. Our  location, far away, and the place large, mausoleum big.
“… do it, already.”
In Spot’s defense, preferred sites, off-limits…
“Not there!”
… because we were in a museum and even then, at end of everything, it was unacceptable to leave pet-deposits on people-property. So, perimeter chosen, away from valuables for the act. A tedious one when recognized, pooch suffered stage-fright.
“Fine, I’ll turn around.”
And then…
Grrr
… instincts arose and body froze, rock-solid, as it walked into view.
“Bark!”
A Zombie, the ugly version, bad enough, but nothing compared to…
“Hello, Forbidden-one.”
… invisible Vampire fading to form. She was sexy, the way snakes slither, smooth, silky, sensual, seriously lethal.
“… my name is…”
Sylvia Sinclair, we met before. Knew her once as Mistress to the Left…
(Note: Superior Nomenclature, Inferior Categorization. Ref. 39)
…although, doubt she’d remember…
Why?
Because they can’t. Trudy said it was…
“… an aspect of your ability, Johnny, a subset gift, the power of anonymity…”
… which means, I’m forgettable, events and details recalled but when it comes to personal recognition…
“… you’re a blur, Dear.”
… I don’t register.
Okay, please continue.
Alright…
“… been looking for you...”
Sylvia was found unfit by her own admission, one of three Matriarchs controlling Third who judged LeTorque, Clan Elders, thus relinquishing authority and forfeiting right to govern. She did so because other choice was death. We were taking over with or without permission. Her Wolves stood no chance. It was a smart and wise decision. One, paid for dearly.
“… a hard individual to find…”
By ceding control, her family, unattached and unprotected, immediately besieged. Wolves eliminated, Vampires scattered. She, somehow, survived.
“… heard one like you might seek refuge here…”
She whispered in left ear, then right, and back again. Remained frozen, my preferred position of demise, acutely aware, in a snap she could act and everything end. Further frightening was the Zombie who held Spot aloft, by tail…
“Whimper.”
… and knowledge, another lurking nearby, stalking, waiting to pounce. Recall swallowing when she spoke.
“I wonder if it’s true?”
The thought is both common and unthinkable, power to bond with prohibition. They ruled me illegal, a misfit, something society better without. Can’t blame, with my talent, one is advantaged while others lessened. The logical choice, remove tip, square scale, equal playing field.
“A little bite...”
Game continues for a single reason, rigged slightly in personal favor.
“… is all it takes.”
He stood before us, no sound or rush of air. Nothing, and then…
“We made a deal, Sylvia…”
… encompassing everything . Huge, beefy, with paws the size of basketballs. Her mate, one with aspirational qualities, willing to bond to another of dubious desires, a deceitful pair. They made pact and earned the prize, lone encounter with me, unaccompanied, easy victim, one problem…
“… I go first.”
… my power trumps trust. Wolves are smart, not necessarily wise, but intelligent. Even least can surmise, a Vamp bonded needs no partner, she can disappear and reap death. Wolves helpless, unable to sense presence. It’s why, agreement always precedes encounter.
“Gulp!”
Sunk nails, nearly piercing skin, letting go.
“Fine, I’ll wait.”
Remained motionless, fraught with terror, unable to twitch, waiting for death when periphery image shifted. Spot, helpless, held by tail, in pain, biting back…
“Arp!”
 … followed by Zombie tossing dog to wall, hitting elevator indicator-light...
Blink
… remaining lit after impact, evidence of animal cruelty.
“Yelp.”
Pup was done, lying on floor, a trembling heap of help. The undead stood ground, waiting, hoping to attack. He was least of my problems.
“You’re a Cloak?”
The Wolf engulfed space and question ambiguously posed so…
“Nope, never heard of…”
… I responded alternatively before listening further…
“Don’t lie, and you’ll live.”
… and rewording rapidly.
“Meant ‘yep’.”
He looked at my presence, hard. Could feel sight probing, questioning, wondering if true, power to conceal. Saw what he saw, reflected in giant eye, Vampire behind, looming over Wolf’s left shoulder when…
Blink
… she vanished from view. Change was instantaneous. He became wary, watchful, much more dangerous.
“Let’s go.”
Following chin indication, turned to obey when something changed equation.
Ding
Elevator arrived, followed by stoppage and silence while waiting for door to open. It complied, nothing inside. Or so thought.
Whoosh
His presence there, then…
Pop
… not, head on ground. Tiffany materialized as Sylvia died, torn apart by Ishmael, a millimeter shy from biting naked neck flesh, invisible till the end, unable to keep feet off floor.
“How did you…?”
“The carpet, she left a print.”
They explained as we walked. Spot recovered after witnessing opposing Zombie turn confetti in hands of a Mistress without need of service.
“… was blended the entire time, mated on over-watch, you were never in danger.”
“But…?”
The process plays different for any unbound. For those aware, an advantage, understanding, early-detection system off-line. For those not, death by those who do. Sylvia and her pet, miscomprehending, when I’m around, assume others also. As mentioned, girls said it would happen…
“… expect to be tried…”
… but thought the unknown portion would come at a later time. Clearly incorrect. Tiffany gave hint why…
“… we set it up…”
… then clarified.
“… began circulating rumors, a Cloak had possibly infiltrated the area. Then, left you alone, waited for one to take the bait, and…”
The Sinclair’s were examples, representative of those who would subvert custom for individual gain, enticed and discarded to prove a point.
“… the underground inverts, powers run deep. We control the upper and those below attempt to influence, infiltrate, assassinate…”
A den of Wolves in Vampire caverns. Superior society tilled over with nothing to do but wait, plan, plot, scheme, and connive, biding time till opportunity arrived, either in alien form or mine.
“… you’re under our protection in this domain. I will order the destruction of every Wolf to keep you safe. The Matriarch commands and Clan law dictates…”
My presence represented Third with power on paper and dead detective, burden of proof. Every Vamp and Wolf obligated till otherwise assigned. The evidence spoke for herself.
“… but let me warn, when you leave this level, your life is over. All Wolves salivate, mine not immune, awaiting the chance encounter, an opportunity to rid or reward, either way, your lifeblood’s promise…”
She wasn’t threatening, informing, act done willingly because Wesson was stronger, proof we weren’t alone, one higher in attendance represented, Zombie fashion, Matriarch of Third Clan.  
“Is she much different than I?”
The question posed was important, beaten can accept or deny, those who recognize divide, opting for secondary stature or self-improvement. She chose the latter and insight received, thoughts of an advanced yet youthful Vampire yearning for control but willing to wait.
“She’s unlike you physically, but time-wise, you’re on the same trajectory…”
Liked her, couldn’t trust her, but elated nonetheless.
“… about your age, she was higher, but Tribes less numerous…”
Not an ally, a pretty antagonist in powerful position. Which was better, considering alternative.
What do you mean?
It’s good to know one’s enemy.
Correct. Carry on.
Okay…
“… but its greatest asset is individuality, Master, reception relies upon synchronization…”
We returned to initial destination, Montgomery in mid-pitch explanation, and Daemon sitting, watching, listening with perfected silence. The two entrusted with security soon bade farewell, one blending to background, other bounding away. With little to do but sit and listen, fell asleep and woke to sound of a child repeating word for word, beliefs of Science-Fiction and future things to come.
“… but there’s more, for everything’s layered, beneath the surface, amongst the turmoil, a body buoying frequency…”
Went back to bed, repeated process, awoke anew.
“… a subsystem, waves without end, all attuned and each attainable. Hidden content accessible if reception compatible…”
Until, finally…
“Uncle Johnny.”
“Yes?”
… time to go, instructions given and permission to proceed, provided. Thanked Montgomery for service with some insight, survival advice.
“… don’t look them in the eye, or face, or anywhere else. It’s best to stare straight down. Try not to cough, avoid sneezing, and never under any circumstance, burp. Sniffling should be kept minimal…”
When finished, wished…
“Good luck.”
… and waved as he returned to office-closet with radio underarm, tuning to station, and closing door.
“… we repeat, this is not a test, Europe is burning…”
Those were the last words heard as we made way to elevator…
Ding
… hopped on…
“Going down.”
… and descended the den.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 24: Prayerful Prey 
Precaution propels. As Defendant rests in receptive state of fabricated factual representation, we return to conclusion…
Slice!
“Pa?”
Slash!
“Ma?”
Snarl!
“Yah!”
… a hamlet besieged, intelligence employed to terrorize, done to imprint, reinforce, and remind Mankind…
Roar!
“Shriek!”
… its place in the pecking order.
“Sob.”
A demise of Wolf, whichever, whenever, for whatever reason, is notable. Not only to the study, but society in general. They are, of the two forms, larger, stronger, faster. If left to themselves, genocidal. The secondary figures in Vampire fashion alleviate with stabilization, customized to socialize. Both reliant and reluctant participants in a story designed for one.
Grr!
“… please, please, please, let me…”
Shred!
They form a symbiotic relationship, upward mobility proportional to power. What one enforces physically, the other, in cunning detail. They mature alongside, growing, improving, crystalizing. Paired families constructing the whole, separated by rank, divided by Clans, grouped in Tribes, entire structure dependent on one ideal, domination. What she did, immediately challenged.
Rend!
Wolves do not underestimate, their primary concern, Vampires, a deceptive companion. While most died, some prevailed, Mistresses with mated heads in hands. Unacceptable and incompatible, torn apart by the pack. Madams with ideas of self-rule, removed with consent, for if allowed, all lost.
“Why are we…?”
“Because she...”
Mistress Melissa performed an act of such importance the townsfolk, punished and forced to pay price of allegiance. While not illegal, it was intolerable, civil war within Superior society. The reason, trust.
Rip!
Wolves battle, Vamps provide, the hierarchy prevails, structured to produce victory, a necessary component in single rule. The process is vaguely clear with scene as circle and contestants, matching families. Winners, generally injured and in need of nourishment. One possible response.
“Kill them all, right now.”
They concede the idea, apparent to any, especially after challenges, Wolves vulnerable.
“Remove every head.”
With equilibrium lost and pact broken, partnership dissolved.
Howl!
Hiss!
The truce, self-evident, lost faith provokes Wolf rebellion. Survival impossible if mate untrustworthy. Nothing written but coalescing to law, Vampire coven in agreement, with death, one of theirs, suspect. From beginning, a tightrope walked.
“How did he die?”
“In combat.”
If normal, namely, loss of life and limb through challenge, the unattached allowed continuance. If not…
“Bring the accused in.”
… other designs employed.
“Feed her to the...”
Chomp!
It may seem tenuous but the system prevails, Clan council pronouncing judgement, Wolf retribution resolving conflict, Mistress alliance assured. Until she intervened.
“Where…?”
“Shh.”
The content provided, presentational. Before Frank’s beheading, Matriarchal murder meriting mediation and reparation. Usually, dismemberment and removal, perpetrating Vamp. The choice logical, based on simple premise, life-mate.
 Creek
“What…?”
Slit!
The relationship is key, bond with another, form familiars, ascend pyramid. Pattern written by withholding a chemical, the component necessary for lesser-species continuation, love, they have none of it.
Quiver
Shiver
Crunch!
With bonds molded from power and skill, the subjects, free to act rationally, thoughts of entering burning-building to save another, never produced. Stability of such arrangements, tested early and proven insufficient, Vampire left standing, yearning for Wolf, pursuing next mate. To terminate endless cycle of upgrade, a coven convened and rule enforced, single matrimony.
“Do you…?”
“I do.”
They pair for life, while both breathe, bonded. When one perishes, the other takes another, but not of similar rank, restarting at the bottom. System allows those who partner properly, opportunity of advancement. For those who don’t…
Flop
… a new beginning, either death or reseeding. The result, solidity and flexibility of societal structure. Wolves untroubled, spouse planning affair. Vampires, free from threat, elimination for security issues. A fluid compromise, performing perfectly. And then…
“Frank’s dead!”
“Whoopie!”
… she changed everything.
Growl!
Mistress Melissa resides in shadow, consults with power, and follows a path less chosen. Unmated at the time, she held rank of transcendent nature, sibling to both First and Second Elders, Vampire of known potential, heir to Lucifer Satan himself. When choosing Frank, she broke rank, a Madam with Matriarchal disposition bonding with Beta quality. Unthinkable yet proceeding until…
Slash!
… a Wolf’s life, cut short. Another took notice and reciprocated, Humanity felt the blow.
“Why…?”
Bite!
The hamlet, death row, hidden figures crouched low, praying for salvation. One Superior, doing same, answering with tooth and talon. The final moments of a village, numbers dwindling, people wailing, Alpha hunting. Termination imminent unless…
“Look! On the balcony…”
… situation altered.
…

Session 25: Electric Execution 
Take deep breaths and relax.
But…?
Yes, we know, scenes of carnage can be difficult to stomach.
They were roasting…
We’re aware…
On spits, Nat, over flames, still moving…
Take your time, inhale and exhale.
I want to vomit.
Do you need a wastebasket?
No, like to know why…
Well, apparently, they enjoy meat charred.
Barf
Oh, my. Here, place your head over the…
Retch
Okay, next time, aim a little left…
Gag
Are you finished?
Yeah, think so.
Can you proceed?
Uh-huh, where…?
Descending.
Right…
Blink
The elevator had a single button, no basement or penthouse, the logic…
“… for screening…”
… explained by Ishmael while lowering.
“… each section, contained, cordoned, permission required…”
The den, divided by three, separated into top, center, and bottom. The Wolf and Tiffany, first layer of defense as Tribes, reassigned, playing roles pertinent to Armageddon.
“… we’re to withstand barrage, onslaught, the brunt of attack…”
He spoke in reverent tone, a wistful look, as though wishing it factual. Easygoing, with an engaging smile, pleasant voice, and temperate nature. If not wishing me dead, might be friends, but he did…
“We’re here.”
… so we aren’t.
Ding
The door opened, Spot yipped…
“Bark!”
… as voice yelled…
“Johnny Johnson, Elder Alpha, Third Clan!”
… and a Zombie glared back with disappointed eyes, proving the walking dead, antisocial outcasts. Luckily, they’re also bound to obey, so the bellhop from beyond said...
“Follow me.”
… and did his job while Tiffany explained the situation.
“This corridor is the transfer point. We’ll hand you to another then depart.”
At the far end stood two others. Upon arrival, unwelcoming usher announced titles.
“Mistress…”
Lauren Lavish was as her name implied, luscious. Tall, golden, with eyes of hazelnut and curved physique. The character standing slightly behind, towering above…
“…and Wolf...”
… Luke was a mirror of Ishmael, Viking-style with thick arms, sturdy legs, and full beard. After finishing formal identification, presence acknowledged…
“… says he’s Johnny Johnson and claims to be Elder Alpha, LeTorque.”
… and custom commenced.
“Permission, please.”
Looked to one with proper credentials, past prime-time investigator, standing beside dog sniffing ground, paying unparticular attention.
“Detective?”
“Yes, Sir?”
Believed it obvious…
“The paper, please.”
… he proved me wrong.
“Sir?”
In virtually every situation, an error, the mistake, misinformation, mission-ending, whatever. For Wesson…
“Pass?”
… short-term memory loss.
“Permit?”
His look of bafflement produced such shock, gravity slipped and terror replaced by four of my kind. No protection, no chance, an instant from oblivion when correct terminology guessed.
“The order?”
“Oh… yes Sir, it’s in my pocket.”
Razor’s edge, absolute zero room for error, a horrible place to introduce post-mortem dementia. But even worse…
“Show it to them.”
… a Zombie with labor demands.
“No.”
The shift, imperceptibly obvious. They never altered expression, gave no clue, but the opening existed because authority held was hers to give, not mine. Without consent, death would follow in a flash.
“What? Look, we went over this…””
“No offense, Sir, but I’m not obligated to do anything. Last time, you removed my arm and replaced it with this monstrosity…”
As he griped about transplantation issues the air began to chill, thicken densely, a sign or omen of premonition, things to come. There’s no manual or decree, rules opaque allowing for unseen circumstance. They’d wait, but not long, their first act, my last. Paralysis came to mind, a blank slate, when it registered…
“Oh, for the love of…”
… and plan improvised.
“Daemon, tell the detective…”
He had no choice, chirp of child initiated response, eyes altered, breath nixed, orders instantly obeyed, delivering notice of Superior intent to Luscious Lauren and Lucky Luke who read the form and replied…
“Burden, please.”
… which introduced another obstacle foreseen and forgotten.
What?
We never fully briefed Wesson on his parts to play.
Parts?
Yep.
“… we need the good one...”
“But, Sir…?”
“Sorry, buddy, the rules are stringent, no repeats...”
Felt bad, his transplanted hand was grotesque, splotchy with scars and odor of grime. The other wasn’t. He was born with it. He liked it. Sadly, the price to play demanded it, so…
“Daemon…”
Slice!
… another arm removed…
Slap!
… traded, relocated, reattached to the dead-life opposite…
Gurgle
… and command issued.
“Stop breathing.”
Flop
The process was quick, over in seconds as Levine’s rep turned blue. It’s fascinating witnessing a Mistress of formidable nature encounter one greater. As with earlier confrontation, Lauren adapted and quest forwarded.
“… this is the control center for Third. From here we monitor all transmission…”
Under-Underground was larger than above, so vast, fathoms describe. A void surrounded by caves of techno design. A giant space inside planet, elevator shaft lacking landing, well of emptiness with alcoves lining rocky perimeter, wired, furnished, filled with electricity, a buzz of energy.
“… solid, liquid, atmospheric, it doesn’t matter, if it’s sent, we intercept.”
She was a toxin taken voluntary, beauty with mind over matter most appealing. Her voice, operatic, lending acoustic quality to words of function.
“… generated by interpretive software, updated instantly, downloaded automatically, system-wide…”
Complete ignorance of higher-learning led to eye-wandering. Surroundings resembled a honeycomb, each nook occupied, Humans employing technology, seeking information.
“… nothing ignored, all substrates identified, certified, verified…”
The cavern was dreary, dank, and dark with water dripping down moldy, cold, stone walls. Path strode, a steel ridge, inner skeleton, catwalk linking rooms, surrounding perimeter, spiraling into blackness, built to scare, pit of despair.
“Mistress Lauren?”
“Yes?”
“Where’s the…?”
No rails or barriers in sight, solitary work-spaces, cubbyholes, linked by thin framework bordering chasm of unknown depth. Oddly, an exit located in the rear of each. She explained why.
“Motivation…”
As if on cue, a representation flew through.
“Yaaaaa……!”
Body-drop, Humans found intellectually unworthy tossed to nothingness by Wolves lurking in niches, crossing expanse, dispensing termination notice with breakneck efficiency.
“… either perform, be replaced, or face what’s behind closed doors.”
Skipping along, listened...
Excuse me?
Yes?
Skipping?
Yep, it’s how pace kept. Tried powerwalking but had trouble with the hip-swivel so…
“La-de-da.”
… reverted to childhood and bounced. Strangely, enjoyed the exercise, action enhanced emotion and in her presence…
You felt good.
More like euphoric, even then, middle-of-end, giddy with delight, uncomprehending glee.
“… Inferiors work data, Wolves resupply, and solutions appear. Communication’s the key, break the code, silence the source…”
Willing to listen forever, saddened, time not right, purpose in sight.
“… by the wall.”
To rear of enclave crammed with gear, wearing headset, sat a man. Entered to make acquaintances.
“Hi, I’m Johnny Johnson.”
His name…
“Schroder.”
… occupation…
“Astro-Physicist, specializing in String theory.”
… and past-time pleasure…
“… bass player in a Rock and Roll band.”
… summarized in few words. A quirky individual with manners associated. Long hair, intelligent eyes, a poncho pullover, the next-gen guru of geek, pot of gold in a pit of darkness. His new purpose in life, immediately introduced.
“This is my nephew…”
His explanation of all things universal began in a peculiar way...
“Do you like music…?”
… with a prop.
“This guitar-string is reality, Master Daemon. Now, take your finger and…”
Pluck
“… good. What you hear is us, our universe, vibrating in unison. Within the sound are other identifiers such as gravity and electromagnetism…”
Following proper chaperone procedures, listened as man delved deeper into cosmology with nothing but wire.
“Do it again, please.”
Plink
“Close, but not exact, we now have two realities, pulsating in similar but different manners, dual universes in a fashion. Each operates the same, planets spin, birds eat, and mathematics require verification. But they exist in separation, unique to space and time. Now, play fast or slow, light and hard, take the string and make a shape, figure-eight perhaps. With every motion, each strum, a new existence, an ever-changing, always expanding, Multiverse...”
   Waited till things turned technical…
“… relativity is the reason. Think of past as a particular melody within grand orchestra,. Unique, distinct, and if theory true, malleable...”
… returned attention to hosts behind, both motionless, fixated on savior and instructor when Lauren altered gaze... 
“Rest here. You’ll be summoned shortly.”
… and…
Poof
“Where’d they go?”
“Don’t know?”
… disappeared, as though never there, like cuts of edited film, vanishing act, perplexing as usual with no comprehension how process achieved.
“Did you blink?”
“No, Sir, I don’t retain the ability…”
With nothing to do but feign understanding…
“… individual existences, separate worlds, vibrating independently, operating simultaneously, yet, like basic radio waves, completely ignorant and without interaction…”
… moved far away from lesson as possible. Unfortunately, place was only a hundred feet square so…
“Do you see a bottom?”
“I don’t see a top, Sir.”
… found my persona and past-time gumshoe facing the pit, drawn to edge of darkness, toes on lip of stone ledge without railing, overlooking emptiness. Seductive, like a campfire until…
“Yaaa…!”
… a Human fell through.
“Dear lord!”
“Oh, my!”
It was a strange sight, the largest conical of nothingness ever constructed, taller and deeper than any could envision, a city block wide, pitch black in middle, lights sprinkling the walls, creating an aura of encircled despair.
“Did you see where he landed?”
“I don’t see where he began, Sir.”
Now, since neither of us  particularly interested in witnessing involuntary suicide plunging, we retreated a few steps and wheeled around, facing interior and ignoring posterior.
“Yaaa…!”
But the screaming was still awkward, so we did what everyone does…
“Does he know, it’s there?”
“How could he not?”
… and created small-talk, disregarding situation .
“Maybe he’s one of those crazy geniuses who can’t read?”
“Suppose, it’s possible.”
Thing in question was a sign, hanging above rear door, displaying…
EXIT
ENTER AT OWN RISK
   … which, intuitively screamed for an answer. Therefore, asked the evident.
“Schroder?”
“Yes, Mr. Johnson?”
“Why don’t you…?”
Flop
It was the smallest of gesture, a finger-pointing to portal which caused, reaction. Wasn’t sure if coincidental, maybe a medical condition, consequently verified life…
“He’s still breathing.”
… waited till he sat upright…
“What happened?”
… and repeated same mistake twice.
“I asked about the rear…”
Flop
Even suggestion of the word…
“… door.”
… too much for man’s mind to contemplate. Hence, changed tactics.
“Hit him gently. But make sure to leave a mark.”
“Yes, Sir.”
The idea was to give reason for slip from reality by tapping skull with chunk of rock while unconscious. Then, when he rose anew and asked….
“What…?”
… we had a ready answer.
“A stone fell from the ceiling, hit your head, and knocked you out.”
The ruse worked and Schroder returned to tutoring. Sadly, it left all as before.
“… imagine a world occupying the same space as ours except the inhabitants are wraths, figures without form, color, sound, or odor. They move among everyone but remain separate. We can’t see hear or smell their presence. To our kind, they don’t exist. Now, reverse the thought. We are them, they are us…”
Had nothing to do and nobody for company because the pre-departed detective took it upon himself to occupy time by counting failure…
“Yaaa…!”
… bodies falling from above.
“Half-dozen.”
“What?”
“He was the sixth to drop since we arrived, Sir.”
Without wishing to count corpses, looked for something alternative, anything to take mind off matters at hand, when eyes fell on the headset Schroder wore upon entering.
“Can I borrow it?”
“Sure.”
So, put it on, sat back, leaned against cold-stone wall, and enjoyed country-western music. Soothing, twangy, tranquil, slept for a while till…
Thud
… things changed.
“… we interrupt with breaking news …”
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 25: Monster Making
While former events unfold before Defendant’s latent senses, a return to subject…
“Look, on the balcony!”
… made possible by preparation…
“Is it…?”
… and premonition.
“I think so!”
It began, previous season, after-presentation and post blood-transfusion, when Matriarch authority found transplantable as undesirables of all types, turned, given to Dr. Stein, and portioned properly.
“One leg here, one arm there…”
An operation of operations, dissection on notable scale, Zombies whole, quartered, and partnered.
“Let’s see if a toe...”
Sample varied, subjects blinded for scientific bias, fingers and teeth removed, replaced, observations noted.
“Size and time are limiting factors, Mistress, the amount of blood and how long separated.”
Coordination, movement, cooperation, blending of bodies probed, pricked to action.
“Catch the ball.”
“Oops…”
Rip!
Limitation of upper limbs complete, lower commenced.
“Kick the ball.”
“Darn…”
Rend!
Anatomies rearranged, exposed, examined for defect, discarded as debris, decay-rate determined.
“The smaller parts take three days, larger three weeks, and whole individuals three months without further transfusion, Mistress.”
Old with young, male to female, infirm or healthy, all conjoined and recorded.
“Hop up and down.”
“How, I don’t have feet?”
“Use the hands provided.”
After baselines, Dr. Stein began supposition.
“What if…?”
Heads removed, left to rest, sewn, and evaluated.
“State your name, occupation, and value of Pi.”
“Duh…”
Slit!
“State your…”
“Mallory McGee, saloon proprietor, 3.14159265359…”
Result.
“Higher intellect affects integration, the smarter the better…”
It was only a matter of time before first beta formed.
“I call him BillandTed. His head’s a banker, body, a lumberjack.”
Many followed.
“Meet PeterPaulandMary, mind of astronomer, heart of prizefighter, lungs of soprano.”
Until…
“It’s the best yet, combined elite, stronger and faster than all Humanity…”
… she questioned authority, introduced intent.
“How long?”
“If theory’s valid, interval between removal and replacement quick but not immediate...”
Attempted before, hard to ignore, Superior servant.
“But if a body were available?”
“I’ll provide the brain, Mistress.”
For any with squeamish quality, bypass and resume, to those of hemoglobin nature, a primer, blood doesn’t mix. The uniqueness of sera is not constrained physically. Hormones, nutrients, enzymes of all types deposited, removed, and replaced. A transport system designed for profusion and elimination, vitally important information, lacking one major element, command.
“A few seconds?”
“Yes, give or take. The issue is willpower, time between chemical thought and cellular degradation…”
Previous attempts met failure at the neural node, instructions underlying base instinct. Essentially, Wolves immunity derived from self-destructive programing. For simplicity sake, a reenactment.
Bite!
Roar!
The Vampire in visage is a representative, one of many who sought mastery over those incapable of servitude. The deed done in dark, alone, after challenge, fangs enter weakened skin. Hound’s response, both internal and external. If Mistress powerful, Wolf instinctively dies. If not…
Chomp!
... deceased Madam and Clan retaliation. It may seem unfair, Vampire complicit, deemed irrelevant. Bond for life, choose incorrectly, encounter fate. Easily understood and enforced. Over time, the crime eliminated, untested, untried, forgotten. The reasoning…
Growl!
… Wolves exempt from turning. Or so, believed.
“Be ready.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
 We return to subject, hamlet, castle, wedding ceremony, decapitation.
“Yay!”
A brief appearance by Madam Melissa to prod, coax, and anger followed by blending, done to deliver news of a different source.
Grrr!
As reported, village imperiled, beast on the prowl, men, women, children at risk of life, limb, and liberty loss. Everybody doomed when…
“Look, on the balcony!”
… a creature emerged. 
“Is it…?”
The Wolf took notice and time paused. What ruled impossible, standing motionless, on display, on purpose. 
“I think it is!”
They don’t foretell future acts, Clause prevents, we comply. The moment, medieval, and one interviewed…
“Dr. Stein?”
“Yes?”
... turned servant of Melissa LeTorque, Matriarch, Madam of castle and mate to Beta material for a specified, scientifically theorized, amount of time.
“Name’s Nat, have a few questions…”
The ex-coroner was present, her personal representative, when plot began…
“Do you...?”
“I do.”
… we submit testimony, visual recollection, orated in first-hand format, verified within recall recovery procedures.
“… was ordered to stand in the corner…”
As all can see, Stein’s viewpoint perpendicular, perfectly situated when two forms enter, Mistress and Frank.
“… then all of a sudden, he paused…”
The flinch, a sign, something amiss. They cannot be surprised, senses heightened beyond perception. The Wolf, though, balked…
“… glanced to the side…”
… as something unseen…
“… her nails slashed…”
… blocked from sight, caused a form of Superior attention disorder.
“… his head came off, she shimmered to view, appeared on balcony, held the bloody thing high, tossed it aside… ”
 The following involves disturbing images, for those who wish, look away, for others, continuation.
“… reappeared inside…”
Slice!
“… cut my head off, placed it over the warm torso and…”
Plop
“… I became the new me.”
The entire crime, dismemberment to attachment, three seconds, followed by thirty of…
Gurgle
… and the obligatory…
“What’s your name?”
… announcing, game-changing significance.
“Doctor…”
A prime deceased, Superior specimen under Inferior control.
“Reveal yourself to all.”
As scene plays out, please note perspective behind dead lenses, one defined impossible, overlooking small hamlet, overrun by lone Alpha seeking retribution when suddenly, the desperate cry of a poor peasant rings out…
“Is it…?”
… and Wolf looks, pays heed, reconciles, renders judgement, and departs.
“I think it is!”
Fear never considered, blueprint not included, irrelevant anyhow for Zombie doctor, acme to its own, no match for him, deadlier than Human but missing cortex function, a spark, instant to one, eternity for another. What did matter, the act, revealing unwritten law writ wrong, provoking hierarchy, victory over convention, speaking proof to power. Something understood, respected, and acknowledged. 
“It’s…”
Not whole but present, full yet incomplete, not forbidden nor allowed.
“… FrankandStein!”
Challenge accepted, evidence presented, verdict amended. Mistress Melissa, Sister to Elders, Madam of Castle, Matriarch to Village, Master of Wolf.
…

Session 26: Participation Trophy
You okay?
Uh-huh.
Want to talk about it?
No.
Surely, you were aware….
Yes, but a glimpse of hope wouldn’t hurt, the slightest whiff of chance.
Time wasn’t right.
I know.
Ready to continue?
Yeah, where...?
Middle tier, Museum of Natural Science, Dallas underground, electrified enclave, headphones, rumble, warning.
“… we interrupt with breaking news…”
Oh, right…
Thud.
“… this is Tim Tidbit with Public Broadcast Radio, now solely owned and operated by Channel Five News, keeping you up to date, informed, and possibly alive. Upcoming, aliens bombard America...”
Tremble wasn’t much by itself, but when added to the whole…
“Yaaa...!”
“… number twelve, Sir...”
… and increasing rate…
“… mommy...!”
… it was enough, Human cliff-jump to unknown, particularly poor entertainment value. Wiping sleep from eyes, stood and contemplated what to do while waiting for tutelage to end. Soon found myself with Wesson in exploratory mode.
“What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know, Sir? It has knobs and buttons but no labels.”
Gizmos everywhere without identification, very frustrating, a toy-store with ‘no touch’ policy, as boredom turned to tinkering…
“I wonder…?”
Zap
“Ow!”
… a reprieve when another announced arrival.
“Hi.”
Flop
The Wolf who entered did so from rear exit as Schroder fainted flat. His name…
“Mack.”
… a second Alpha from Lavish family. After formal introductions…
“… call me Johnny..”
… the reason for his visit, revealed.
“It’s time to go, everyone’s waiting.”
Mack was a monster, seven feet high, three wide, with close cropped hair and arms of python proportions. There as escort, security and guide in one. The others unnecessary so instructions given to Wesson…
“Don’t let anybody in.”
… advice to Daemon…
“… when Schroder recovers, tell him another rock fell and hit his…”
… orders to Spot…
“Stay.”
… and went to inquire, what’s behind closed doors.
Click
Nothing, empty corridor, florescent lit, linoleum floored. Hallway without end in sight. On the left, identical portals to cubbyholes, ten feet apart, all shut, Humans technicians toiling independently behind Superior supervision. On the right, a blank wall.
“Follow me.”
As we moved, struck up conversation, curios about creature accompanying. Turned out, he was quite affable when approached.
“... this is a barrier, of sorts, the passage between them and us. It’s rarely used because Humans can’t overcome what they fear most…”
“Which is?”
“It depends on the person. But generally, sudden terror, intense pain, and prolonged agony…”
While walking, kept silent count as way of return if separated. While it sounds easy the act was not because every entryway identical, upright rectangles with knobs, hinges, and one final thing in common, total disuse.
“Has anyone attempted escape?”
He glanced with a slight grin as words emerged.
“A few.”
The answer necessitated, follow-up.
“Did any succeed?”
Follow-up demanded indifference.
“If success entails, not worrying about the unknown then, yes, they’re currently embracing the concept.”
Cryptic comments from Wolves are difficult to process. Vamps are easy, they always speak double-talk. A Wolf, on other hand, espouses alternatively.
“And by embrace, you mean…?”
“Suffering.”
It was the nonchalant verbiage which gave pause. He was so big, thought of torturing for amusement, not applicable. Man is ant to them, disposable with a squish. As such, inquired…
“Why…?”
… and he explained in atmospheric terms.
“It’s the end of everything, Johnny. Humans are no longer necessary unless they perform. To help them understand, an air of importance is added,  the smell of fear from those who fail. For any contributing, they need not worry. But just in case, a lasting reminder…”
While he spoke, became aware of something not overt but throughout passage. A permeation, odor so faint, part of background.
Sense of desperation.
Exactly.
“… certain knowledge, don’t produce and die.”
Now, some may think him cruel, he wasn’t, it was his job. We were at brink of extinction and if unsuccessful, all lost. Therefore, any qualms about morality took backseat to reality. But anyway…
“How many Humans are there?”
… queried because left door-count internally maintained for retracing purposes was approaching triple-teens.
“A few thousand.”
Number was difficult to grasp without recalling amount of work-spaces surrounding hole to nowhere, numerous as stars in the sky, like fireflies, flickering, single points of light, fulfilling purpose till time deemed otherwise and life snuffed out. Somewhat disheartening but necessary.
“We’re here.”
The abrupt arrival came by surprise. Without notice, our destination, door to right, entrance to another world.
“Mack?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
Anxiety on overdrive, what lay behind was power beyond comprehension, those with ability to enslave and demand obedience from the lesser kind. Unfortunately, people who resembled myself. Hence with trepidation, asked …
“Um… about my dog and Zombie?”
… and his response, settling and disturbing concurrently.
“Don’t worry, if you die, they’ll be taken care of.”
Ignoring urge for further refinement, steeled nerves, closed eyes, and…
“Ready?”
“Not really.”
… entered the lair.
Gulp
Entire pack, a vast cavern of Wolves with every head turned toward us as Mack whispered sideways, standing stock still.
“Stay cool.”
Gift alters in subtle ways. Unperceived at first, the feeling, something amiss, growing until…
Grr
… realization hits, knowledge of surroundings, paramount. Without it, death deals from hidden deck of cards. For example…
Snarl
… the chamber in question, an enormous space within planet, occupied by Wolves of middle-tier association, awaiting Armageddon, milling around, socializing, aware of everyone in area, those to rear, unseen yet located, marked in mind, and then…
Growl
… my presence enters the picture.
“Okay, we should probably get this started.”
We moved through the crowd as quarrels began materializing, slight bumps from behind, never before experienced, causing reactions, provoking response, initiating chaos.
“All right, let’s move a little faster.”
He led the way, a giant point-man with me in tow. Like a major prizefight, challenger entering fray. All around, audience whipped in a frenzy, waiting to erupt.
“Stay close.”
Midget among monuments, worm on hook surrounded by predators, perishable with single swipe of hand.
“Climb up.”
The goal indicated, flat boulder-top, thirty feet square, five foot high, a ring without ropes. Atop, three Wolves waited, one previously met, Lucky Luke.
“You do make an entrance.”
He stood with two others as we scaled the steps. One Wolf was large...
“Johnny, meet Emcee, boss of ceremony…”
… the other, not so much.
“… and Carl...”
Smaller, still larger than Inferior but misshapen, a misfit among the mass.
“… your Champion.”
Hold on.
Yes?
Are you saying, you walked into a Challenge?
Yep, they even had a megaphone.
“All right, everyone, settle down.”
Emcee began the ceremony with booming, baritone voice.
“We have an honored guest this evening, one who doesn’t need yet requires introduction…”
While he described my title with flourish and flair…
“… the ruler of Third…”
… paid attention to one representing family, proxy, charged with upholding Clan authority because Lavish followed custom and employed a rotating status of leadership, namely top-dog undetermined due to…
Johnny.
Yes?
Skip the Wolf carousal, we’ll define when appropriate.
Okay…
“… and Elder Alpha of LeTorque…”
So anyways, he was stand-in, one who lacked size of everyone, save me.
“… who’s agreed to meet any challenge if claim merits.”
For an instant, thought things might skip the Vampires’ vague prognostications, maybe none would jump.
“Do any accept?”
Dead wrong.
“We do!”
A voice rang from middle of mob as one…
Thunk
… then two others…
Thunk-thunk
… leapt from audience and landed opposing side, stone-cold canvas. Luke informed identification.
“Those are…”
The Callous family was third in line, two below LeTorque, one under Lavish. Their three Wolves an impressive bunch, well over six and half feet each, weighing rhinoceros proportions. All told, probably two tons of meat in masculine form. Things were proceeding rapidly and mouth pondered questioning next phase of pre-fight instruction preparations when explanation rang forth with Emcee announcement.
“In this corner…!”
Brutus was the representative of third family, middle tier, under-land. A Wolf of barbaric qualities, balding with bulging biceps and bellicose bravado, bouncing on balls of feet, glaring with venom at victim across the way.
“And in this corner…!”
My guy Carl, calm, cool, collected, as though unaffected, placid face, relaxed demeanor. Recall a feeling of insecurity as eyes performed function and compared contestants. Brutus, half head taller and twice the weight, a monster who never varied glance as cohorts, Callous Alphas both, stepped off stage and took places outside contested space. In peripheral view, watched Luke and Mack perform same act.
“Whoa, where are you going?”
Thought, with them.
“No, Johnny, you stay, Carl’s the protection, we’re support.”
Became aware, body was award, symbol of LeTorque authority, power for whoever held possession.
“Mack?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
But mind was a different matter, in dire straits and terribly worried.
“What should I do?”
The answer, both ambiguous and crystal clear.
“I recommend, nothing.”
Which was response chosen.
Huh?
Dude, acted the mannequin, didn’t move, speak, or breathe. Stood there, motionless, as two prepared for a battel to decide fate. It was not comfortable and thought of fleeing from observant fact, my Champion, undersized and ill-equipped, the better’s folly, losing hand every time. Believe a fleeting idea of feigning faint-position followed before everything changed with a smirk.
A what?
A knowing smile, slight inclination, Carl took stock of position and approved. His tell, things proceeding as planned. Unable to witness firsthand because unforeseeable events occurred beyond ability to comprehend but can recollect burly behemoth bobbing up and down, confident in assured victory, as LeTorque rep stood stoic, noncommittal. Then a silent bell rang…
Bing
… things went blurry…
Whoosh
… before last scene emerged, Carl’s teeth, Butcher’s throat…
Chomp!
… signaling end of story.
Roar!
No one saw it coming.
“Holy…!”
“Wow!”
Not surprised, astonished, possibility known to exist but rarely seen. Maybe a couple betas, seeded inappropriately, far down below, near bottom, but never two Alphas, and most definitely not from the upper ranks. With no hand to lift in victory or defeat, place took on a different personality, preparatory free-for-all.
Grr
Then, Carl, the smallest hound around, holding Butcher’s block-head by hair-strand introduced something new, permission to progress.
“Bring it on!”
And the place went wild.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 26: Holy Trinity
To gain clarity and perspective, an interruption inserted for witness interpretation. The time, post-pre-historic, Sabretooth cat, Mammoth elephant roaming, foraging…
Growl
… nourishing Nature’s subject. It was initial masculine, a beast of force without equal, exploring further, searching for another, reproductive programming, instinct level.
“Hello.”
She was bred geographically opposite globe for growth processes, upon hormonal activation by enzyme manipulation venturing out for subconscious yearning.
“Hi.”
The two did as designed, birthing commenced.
“Giggle.”
It was when, first failure emerged.
“What is it?”
“It’s a boy. A bouncing baby…”
Slice!
Domination is difficult subject to tackle, on one hand, fairly easy to program, merely place ego above all. Unfortunately, it comes with a drawback, single sum game. Creating competition antithesis to base coding. Therefore, a tweak to command, dominate and proliferate. Self over others. The prodigy, half if not whole, viewed beneficial, allowed to survive.
“Gurgle.”
“Aww, how adorable!”
Sequencing found adequate and functioning flawlessly till secondary failure arrived.
“Dad?”
“Yes?”
Slit!
Managing homicidal tendencies is troublesome at best, quirks of science tend to appear without warning. Fortunately, beta-testing allows discovery. The problem was found to be developmental in Nature. Combining perfection does not delete potency, adding water to sand strengthens both. Next generation, genetically inferior to donor cells numerically, became superior with maturation of complement components. To dissuade familiar attack, third and final rewrite instituted, preference of blood.
“Father?”
“Yes, Son?”
“Where’s Eldest?”
Those on display were products of patient engineering. Their instruction, blueprints of Wolf culture. Oldest of the group, one named last, emerged original, mated Eve, and produced triplets.
“What do we call them?”
“How about Cain, Abel, and…”
Father was last of litter who became first by attrition when brother murdered other and was sentenced to die for said violation. Over time, seasons passed, arousal rose, and search commenced. Pheromone influence led to chance encounter and nine months later a Superior formed.
“Does he have a title?”
“Yes, I call him…”
Son was culmination, the final piece of infinite programming. For simplistic understanding, we reveal moment of conviction.
Slap!
“Waa!”
Growl.
Viewer enhanced enactment reveals, all present. The Vampire producing another named Mother, Eve comforting, Eldest attending and initiating inhalation through traumatic smack of backside when Father, unprovoked, attacked.
“Roar!”
It was only a pat on newborn’s rump…
Slice!
… but it changed the world.
“Stop!”
It’s unknown whether intervention alternated outcome or base preference, heir outweighs origin. Either way, what was interrupted, shift of power. Previously, for an entire lifetime, dominant was age dependent, proven time again by Wolf upbringing. Endless hours teaching, mentoring, punishing failure. Pushed to limits unprecedented, but always, identical ending; Eldest up. Father down. Till Son arrived.
“Sit.”
Mother was a youthful, advanced Vampire with skills associated, ability of intellect and foresight into future foretelling.
“Heal.”
Even earliest instinctively knew, Superior blood soothed. She pricked finger and aided  Eldest’s wound, the severed forearm received while shielding neck from separation. Proof, student surpassed instructor. A lasting reminder of Father’s might, inverted rule.
“Let’s talk.”
The upturned apple-cart is divisive, return to form or start anew. Through passive-aggressive persuasion she calmed the scene. While never stating outright, change obvious, a new Alpha in charge, response would set the stage for all.
“… we need your experience, Eldest…”
“Please, do not call me so, I am but a Spirit of my former…”
He would survive ensuing eons, oldest of all, outliving Eve, once prime but no longer, with each moment a tick lower, slowly eroding as youth expanded. For those with relative acumen, a side note. The total power productivity is capsular. As an example, at the moment before birth, Eldest held sway. Not by much and with each breath Father grew, but only incremental. Until Son. With his addition the power of paternal protection tipped scales, new baseline formed with prodigy atop ancestor. If viewed from afar, simple diagram indicating majority one, minority two. But, truth is in details.
“Fight!”
They challenge to hone combat skills, perfecting by practice. Imagine a boardroom with three members, First holds fifty percent, Second forty-nine, and Third receives one. While First can be equaled by Second and Third uniting, at no time can First come in last. Furthermore, while Third starts low, each heartbeat increases as Second’s diminishes in direct comparison till, at one point, youth overcomes age and Third becomes Second. But, again, at no moment is First in the losing position. Until it is.
“Father?”
“Yes, Son?”
“Where’s…?”
The import of new blood forces change. As youth gains both stature and fortitude, opposite affects old. By Nature’s timeline, when three exceed limitations, past is expunged for future expansion.
“Spirit?”
“Yes?”
“Meet your replacement.”
The structure abounds throughout Superior circles. Within immediate families, three generations maintain stability. Power resides in original till descendant produces offspring. At such time, balance sways as evolution takes precedence. When a fourth is produced, well…
Rip!
… things can end quickly for reluctant retirees, Wolves are not known care providers. With elimination of those unable to defend existence, a fresh introduction of talent infused. While fulfilling the promise of continued, enhanced evolution, a problem of numerical properties discovered, clusters of three inconsistent with global domination. Fortunately, Nature provided an answer.
“Where will you go?”
“Somewhere.”
Loved ones admit, separation breeds fondness, close proximity to those with intimate knowledge can wear defenses. As with virtually all interrelated species, Superiors maintain individual interests, desire to prove worth and meaning. Now, as depicted, old are released when new appear. This can take many forms and some involve generic removal remedies by extreme measures, but most avoid the subject by reason of pre-indicated, preventative programming, proliferation.
“When will you return?”
“Sometime.”
 Expansion through divorce is a time-honored tradition. Providing material for others while staking claim in kind. Dissuading stagnation through high concentration of select matter while promoting continuance and propagation when found worthwhile. To illustrate, we shall employ, anew, those from which the world sprung forth.
“Hello, Father.”
“Hi, Son.”
The time was many ages past Spirit relocation, further separation occurring when Father left following maturation of Son’s heir who, naturally, found another and produced likewise. The three, once one, split and tripled size through association, joining forces, forming new families, creating competing tribes. It was by unique design, science-specific studies, tested and tried, made possible by prioritizing power and categorizing chronically. For ease of comprehension, the essence of might is equal parts strength, speed, and instinct. With time as a guide, the physical trio made predictions possible to quantify.
“Where’s…?”
Since he was the first to both exist and exile, his story will suffice. Eldest, who became a Spirit of self when Father paternally protected Son, was Alpha, both numerically and physically. As such, he became prime and baseline for instinct. The formula follows, as time progresses Speed emerges first followed by Strength and Instinct. For those missing vision properties, the previous equation linked Son, Father, and Eldest respectively. It follows Nature’s path with youngest-quickest, oldest-wisest parameters and proven prophetic. The following is representational.
“Who are you?”
“I’ve gone by many titles, call me...”
Spirit initiated the process but, in all fairness, with little choice, instructed neurologically, encoded pre-formulation with control and continue commands.
“What do you want?”
“A partnership.”
The Wolf faced, larger of two. The other, younger, with a bemused look on face. Both were Alpha inserts as time, pre-beta formulation. Cream of crop, pick of litter, top of line. Genetically pure with subtle variations. It was difference which caught his eye.
“What’s in it for us?”
“Everything.”
Experience driven, the original, advantaged, though identical in code and replication, a divider became apparent, time.
“When do we start?”
“Now.”
Previous attempts met failure for particulate purpose, ascertaining Alpha status was lethal to loser. It was knowledge gleaned which allowed continuation. He was there, knew precisely the moment of usurpation, reminded by invisible scarring on forearm, sign of change, passing of torch, introducing second act.
“Begin!”
Roar!
A pause for identification, the two combatants, seen worldly, named accordingly. The youngest, with mischievous grin, Speed. Next, largest of all, Strength. Last, overseeing both, Spiritual instinct, experience on display.
“Halt!”
It is the precise clip, instant of determination, which peaked interest.
“Again!”
Growl!
While scenes appear similar, further inspection reveals otherwise. Second time through, Strength held upper hand by removing Speed’s limb with talon strike. Now, while it seems oppositional, differing victors and victims of similar acts, one fact was undeniable, winner revealed when defense of neck cost appendage.
“One more time!”
It was acceptance of outcome which changed course. Before, result of Challenge was met with extermination, Alpha prevailed. Additional base programming allowed Nature’s tendency to continue and thrive. Instead of death, during seeding traditions and within families, loser defined when limb lopped away in defensive posturing, generally mid-ulnar, halfway between wrist and elbow.
“Cease!”
From example of prime, others followed as Father allied with two more and Son did same. Three points separate, each a fortress, all preparing for the unknown, inevitable outcome installed instinctively.
“Rest!”
The world of Wolves runs without interference, continually upgrades, and promotes Superior attributes. From perfected variables dispersed in random order, a system both predicted and preferred, best against best.
“Resume!”
They try to kill, at no time are punches pulled. When scene slowed for comprehension, truth revealed, claws attempt severance. The reason for failure…
“Time!”
… intervention for domination, proliferation, and blood preference purposes.
“Repair!”
It is variation in percentage of power, the smallest, most infinitesimal difference between strength, speed, and experience which allows the act. By categorizing each element and placing appropriately, study bore witness to planned programming. Three Alphas alternating dominance through finite fluctuation designed to evolve and adjust with intelligent, internal instruction.
“Repeat!”
Some may notice a trend, during seeding challenges the loser invariably drops a hand. It is not coincidental. Wolf was designed with battle in mind. Protection of neck, first priority. As such, it is nearly impossible to decapitate without disarming first. Ignored initially since beheading followed maiming, the process refined until present day. Two Wolves enter, one dominates, other succumbs, while third steps in to prevent further bloodshed.
“Replace!”
Final step reveals interconnection. For example, picture in question reveals time between practice bouts, the vanquished, replacing appendage and reintegrating. It’s the recovery process which provides continuation, allowing experience and, thusly, instinct to thrive. Furthermore it is not confined individually. For those without knowledge, a Superior, Wolf or Vampire, can incorporate any tissue of sufficient size for employment. If it’s a limb, it can be used. For this reason, many Alpha’s are not, necessarily, same as they once were. To place emphasis and end analogy, we return to three who began as one, separated, formed families, fought innumerable wars, and eventually found themselves together again.
“Hello Father.”
The location was barren grassland with trees in distance. Moment was post-clash between pre-Clans, initial groups who became future governance but, at the time, were merely a cobbling of tribes.
“Hi, Son.”
The field was littered with parts, heads, arms, legs, and other incidentals. The battle was a normal skirmish between competitors with various families, outlying, unincorporated, entering scene. The purpose…
“Where’s…?”
… to test themselves, overwhelming urge to conquer combined with knowledge, additional resources necessary to accomplish goal led to cooperation, and in time, the hierarchy. But we are speaking of then, not now, so…
“I think, he’s over there.”
It moved as a wraith across the pasture, blood-stained path of conflict. They watched as it approached, a long time past united, appearance altered, a change in attitude.
“Are you sure it’s him?”
“I think so, he smells the same.”
They could be forgiven, the fight haggard, Wolves tested, replacement parts won skillfully, worn proudly. Outcome …
“Is it really…?”
“Are you…?”
… an apparition in Wolves clothing, scars separating physical makeup, all save head and neck, remains of those bested, reintroduced, recycled. The primer, base program, insertion, replication, and expansion of Superior genomes.
“Yes, it’s me. Well, parts of me. The arms and legs are new and changed torso a few decades back but, at the core, I’m still…”
Foundation of First, Second, Third, ancestors to all, and point from which everything followed. Father, Son, and approximately….
“… wholly Spirit.”
…

Session 27: Retreating Reward
Plop-plop
Here you go.
Fizz-fizz
Thanks.
Glug-glug
Better?
Yep. Sorry, queasy stomach.
No need to apologize. Tell us, what did you experience?
Depression, everything in ruin, no electricity, dark smog all around. Thought, maybe was Human…
You were.
How?
History is best told through eyes of those present. To ensure Heavenly integrity, resources involved personally are used for neutrality purposes.
What?
The views were those of soldiers, photographers, chroniclers condensed to one and presented in singular version.
Huh?
You were witnessing the invasion of Earth from Humanity’s perspective in first-person format.
It wasn’t very pleasant.
Imagine not.
Dude, they were laying eggs…
We’re aware…
Inside people.
Yes, well, considering the parasitic nature of…
While alive.
Okay, we won’t defend values of those most unworthy the act. But would be amiss for not mentioning, the use of hosts for embryotic development is found in abundance. While granting, it is abhorrent, we should not judge Nature by one anomaly…
And fully conscious.
All right, concession, Hellion ways are indefensible.
Then why…?
You know what, no idea? Sometimes we choose the other side for argumentative reasons alone.
Everyone does.
True. So, ready?
Sure, where…?
Second level, underground, Wolf lair, combat ring, Carl the Champion, Butcher’s blockhead, riot permission…
Oh, yeah…
“This is glorious!”
Reveal it as viewed, in comic-book detail, blocked-off, still-represented with unbelievable graphics.
Slice!
Weirdest part was beginning. No pause, nothing for brain to insert for rationalization. Just three in ring till one screamed…
“Bring it…!”
… and full audience participation.
Roar!
The rock strode, previously fifty-foot wide, became one-foot diameter as stage occupied by all at once. Couldn’t move a body-part with arms at sides, legs locked in place, and all around, a swirl of activity, Wolves in combat, entire complex in motion.
“Get behind me!”
Heard those words often in chosen profession but always from the bonded, and even though Lavish goals indistinguishable, to keep me alive, tense fact remained, present without greatest protection.
Your blood-link.
Yes, I rely on them for safety and in return…
They receive immunity from the disease you manifest.
Don’t know if it’s a disease.
Superior society performs flawlessly till your intervention. What else would the definition be?
Um… diversity?
One appears as the middle-class majority of most major metropolis, so no.
Okay, how about spice? A little change of flavor.
Again, you represent flour, but it’s irrelevant. Please, continue.
Fine, where…?
In middle of melee.
Right…
“Start moving towards the door!”
The Lavish screaming orders was Mack or Luke, can’t be sure for every time glanced higher than hip height some form of splatter hit face. It was like a blender up top, so went low.
“Yuck!”
The view from all fours wasn’t much better…
Flop
… as heads fell from shoulders of those found wanting, settling on stone.
Thunk
Motivational of sorts, because once crawling commenced…
Splat
… exiting became much easier, especially with help provided.
Slit!
Didn’t see, can’t tell how many died while shuffling along, but imagine a lot, entire mass appeared to have sole company in mind as they surged forward, only to be met by wall consisting of two Alphas, both laughing, enjoying themselves, having a glorious time.
“How you doing, Luke?”
“Never better, Mack, how about yourself?”
“Loving life, living the dream.”
The banter continued as duo protected and cleared path for survival by hacking, shredding way forward. If any wonder about Carl…
“Can you see him?”
“Yep, he’s got claws on one of the Civil cubs…”
Shred!
“… hold on, change targets, his eyes are now on the Peter pack…”
… he was acting catalyst, unleashing fury, enraptured by what, persona provides.
Total anarchy.
Yep, no rules apply.
Growl!
The place was a red and white mixture of skull matter, Wolves attacking, delirious in delight, unaware dangers behind...
Slice!
… as others played simultaneously and game populated with slightly less players.
“Okay, it’s time to get him out of here.”
We retraced steps, surrounded by contestants, myself on hands and knees, Luke and Mack performing assigned roles spectacularly, herding, preventing a premature conclusion to plan in place. Found exit by way of head-butt…
“Ow!”
… reached up, grasped knob, twisted, pulled, opened and…
Whish
… found myself on the floor, a Wolf looming guard, another closing portal to inside insanity.
Click
Safe in the hallway, briefest of reprieves when a remark…
“They’ll notice soon.”
… and response offered.
“I’ll stand guard first.”
Luke was visible then not, door closed yet clicked anew, a waft of wind, slightest clue, he was outside, sentry at the gate. It left us alone, Mack and me, he smiled from above while providing impressions.
“You are exciting, aren’t you?”
Didn’t have a solid answer so remained quiet, unsure innermost intentions of the Wolf.
“Whew! What a feeling. Did you see the way his head imploded when…?”
Response was key, how they reacted to circumstance. With me around, final line of defense, subconscious knowledge of others nearby, blocked, deleted from sensory. What began as clash of warriors became…
Survival of the fittest.
Yep, dog eat dog.
“… and Carl, my goodness, what he did…”
Wasn’t particularly invested in Champion’s plight, but curious nonetheless.
“What did he do?”
“You didn’t see?”
After pleading ignorance…
“Nope, you guys move too quick.”
… he expanded.
“… it began normal enough. They met in the center and Butcher attempted a bear-hug which was expected due to size differential and all when things, well, they veered off course.”
“How so?”
“Carl went for the throat.”
He described an event which, to own eyes, never happened. Our Wolf, feigning trouble, smothered, snapping fingers behind opponent’s head, causing  impossible to debut, doubt, uncertainty from behind.
“… when Butcher flinched, Carl struck...”
He did so by extraordinary measures.
“… like a piranha, straight for the larynx.”
His eyes, glowing with excitement, recalled with dental detail…
“… one bite is all it took…”
Chomp!
… then…
Rip!
“… well, you know the rest. Held head high, challenged all, everyone accepted, and here we are.”
He gave a brief grin to indicate finality and went quiet. Sat, slightly troubled by thought, reigning Champion, Carl the Cannibal, at large, unsupervised, but placed it aside for further worry, we had other matters to attend.
“Mack?”
“Yes?”
“What do we do now?”
Till then, everything went as Philip and George predicted when pressed for insight on proper combat procedures while preparing for adventure.
“… exactly like a mixed-martial match, except we go for the kill...”
The bouts described were extreme…
 “… it ends when an arm is lost and ref jumps in to declare winner by lifting loser’s severed…”
… but not lethal.
“… it’s for population protection and real-world combat experience…”
The reason…
“… tradition, it came from Father, Son, and wholly…”
Johnny.
Yes?
Please move along, the beginnings of Wolf culture have previously been presented, further explanation is unnecessary.
All right, uh…?
Hallway with questions.
Right, well, things took a turn for the weird during intermission, doubt any correctly prepared themselves for consequence of allowing my presence among  the pack. Uncertainty in Mack’s eyes readily apparent during pause before reply…
“Wait here.”
… and then…
Click
… gone, alone, unguarded in the hallway. Didn’t have clue what to do so followed instructions and did as told, until…
Click
“I’m back.”
“Yaagh!”
… he reappeared with troubling details, given post-fright recovery.
“Okay, spoke with Luke who had his hands full because things were a bit… um… bloody, but two things stood out. First, your effect fades with distance…”
The image presented was a vast cavern filled with contestants, half in battle, half not.
“… ones further back have regained senses while those nearest, continue the contest…”
Never discovered exact distance involved. Generally, situation’s fairly isolated, a few Wolves and Vamps in close proximity who quickly disappear when bonded-brethren intervene.
“… and second, Carl switched sides.”
Information disturbing but not unimaginable, without my blood to influence allegiance, only one decision remained logical.
“He what?”
“Joined the Callous family, they’re fighting through the throng and, if Luke’s correct, should arrive here in about… oh… ten seconds or so.”
An image of Butcher’s cranial separation came to mind as words sank in. If Carl got claws on me, two possible outcomes, either forced bondage or divorced body and brain. Neither appealing.
“What do I do?”
His answer, simple enough.
“Head back to the cell, all were unaffected there. Luke and I will stand rear guard for protection.”
The retort to further reply, more difficult to digest.
“Can you hold them off?”
“If it were just the two from Callous, sure, we’d make mincemeat of them. But with Carl at their side and us down one…?”
Implication, not inspirational, leaving doubt, wondering if new plan needed. Unfortunately, time uncooperative.
“Get out of the way!”
Cannibal’s voice, menacing, audible outside closed door. A signal for Mack’s departure.
“Okay, it’s been a lot of fun, but you need to move along now.”
His tone regretful for he enjoyed the idea, do or die. Cleared throat to thank service but halted mid-speak for he, no longer present.
Click
Single again, separated from death by two-inch wood paneling, began retreating steps.
“One… two…”
Numbered doors, happy, count kept before.
“… seven… eight…”
Moved at brisk pace, glancing over shoulder to verify safety status, hopeful those who held Clan authority in highest regard, able to provide proper coverage. They did, but barely so. At twelfth door down, heard sound of menace, Carl’s head and shoulders thrusting through entrance, peering down hallway, a sneer of satanic glee on lips…
“There you are.”
… held back by claws on shoulder, only reason for survival. Not sure whose talons prevented assault, Mack or Luke, but knew time was running out, Carl threatening escape from grasp. Seeing vison lent speed and urgency…
“… nineteen, twenty, twenty-one…”
… which, sad to say, led to the unnecessary loss of whichever aspiring scientist or mathematician resided behind door number...
“… twenty-four…”
… because couldn’t recall exact numeral for return, but thought around thirty, so…
Click
“Hello?”
“Yaaa!”
… entered as some poor soul exited, same time, no pause, lone thing observant, back of Human leaping to unknown, preferring death over whatever intruded from behind. Fully aware, hesitation a crime, halted…
Grr
… then refocused, ran to neighbor, and…
Click
“Hello?”
“Yaa!”
… did it again, a repeat, second purposely useful Human tossed aside when…
Growl
… remembered danger, raced another door down, and…
Hold it.
Huh?
How many Humans need to die before arriving at resolution for recantation?
Umm, three more.
Let’s assume they did.
Okay…
“Whoever’s inside room twenty-nine, brace yourself, I’m coming in!”
The warning given because any within lacked perspective, to them, an unknown interjection entering from troubling territory. If had time, definitely would knock, but didn’t, for right then a scent of evil filled the air.
Snarl
Felt his breath behind, air on base of skull while leaping for knob, only to miss when door swung open, body fell through, and Carl lost his head.
What?
Almost, exactly what I said…
“How…?”
“It was Master’s idea, Sir. You said, bar entry to any but yourself. So we strung a guitar string across the door-span, about six-feet high to create, at the very least, an obstacle to undertake...”
Musical wire did the trick. Well… it and my power. While stumbling, Carl attacked, not registering slim garret which severed neck from shoulders when struck. Self-decapitation, Superior style. Which meant…
“Wesson.”
“Yes, Master Daemon?”
… act was taken to a whole new level.
“Remove your…”
 Wait a second, are you saying the man became…?
Yep, a Zombie with dead-detective head on Superior cannibalistic body.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 27: Nutritional Value
While it may appear difficult to control, the underlying theme of time is manageable if broken down and arranged numerically. Within universal matters, a simple conversion to energy is sufficient.
“Bring them in.”
All things expire, whether through carbon decay or violent means, the effect, cessation of being, an end to whatever was.
“Begin.”
They initiate early on, unable to crawl let alone operate machinery, nonetheless attacking with whatever’s available.
Rattle
Smack
Crack
Baby Wolves become Superior by attrition and assignment of inherited abilities. They can range wide and far but in final analysis, each relies on a specific form of energy production. It’s how control is maintained.
“Start.”
Slit
Slash
For promotional and safety purposes, the subjects dependent upon outside resources for survival, without food even they succumb. Providing nutrition allows regulation and withholding, a final yet readily available option.
“Once more.”
Growl
Roar
Subdividing the aforementioned triplets of might is made possible through metabolic processes. In essence, what feeds life, the personal preferred intake, directly proportional to ability. As examples, we introduce three mentioned earlier in demonstration.
“Hello, Strength.”
“Hi, Speed. Hey, where’s…?”
Experience is the oddball character, hard to define, relying on past, requiring time and thusly, nourishing accordingly.
“Last I saw, out back, eating cheese and chocolate.”
Fat, a subconscious, pre-programmed, tempting taste for those who endure. It’s slow-burning aspect, quite useful when competing for eminence. The long game, strategically important, attainable with proper dietary intake.
“Did you say chocolate?”
“Yeah, but the white kind.”
“Dang, never mind.”
For any on edge of comprehension, a slight nudge, Speed beats Strength but falls before Instinct. Each, greater than one, less than the other, all dependent on energy.
“What’ll it be?”
“I’ll take the rack of lamb.”
“And you?”
“A strawberry shortcake.”
Protein and carbohydrates finish the trio of fuel efficiency, called on individually, dependent upon need and circumstance, used for production of movement, in other words…
“Time!”
… specifically designed for advantage over singular, no more.
“Change combatants.”
 The duels are legendarily long. We appreciate any who find fault with preceding statement for length would naturally lead to conclusion, endurance prevails.
“Attack!”
The thought wrong, two-thirds, total time.
“Retire.”
The reason, a balancing act.
“Eat!”
Introduction of salivary response as indicator of preferred sustenance, not entirely complete. While quick gobble sugar with gluttonous greed, they also contain urges for other materials, meat and butter not forsaken.
“Sleep.”
It’s the equal division of need which provides separation. Imagine a triangular plane, perched upon mountaintop, poised perfectly. Now place three birds of identical weight in each corner. Without intervention, equilibrium.
Chirp
But toss a breadcrumb to any…
Squawk
… and watch Nature’s balance fly away.
Flutter
Tilt prevails, a slight emphasis to dictate motion. Concern should not weigh on those considering containment contingencies. At any moment resupply can, and will, be denied. No special form will enter or approach orbit. They will remain in isolation, consuming finite resources, prevailing until last remains, surviving unto death.
“Bring in the next group.”
Unless, of course, we use them otherwise.
…

Session 28: Lair of Luxury
Holy…!
Take a second to compose yourself, the memory will fade.
But…?
We understand, you may question the process…
I was a ghoul! A walking undead…
Not exactly.
Huh?
The parasite controlling form, mentally-melded, was using Human remains to infiltrate…
Dude, I was poisoning people.
Yes, well, impersonation for the purpose of mass-extermination is effective if…
With engine coolant, using juice boxes.
Okay, once again, we’re not condoning…
In a playground, wearing a scout uniform.
All right, for the record, we’re overjoyed those most devious received, just rewards.
Me too!
Then, could you…?
Sure. Where…?
Schroder’s cubbyhole, underground, centrally located, Carl the Cannibal’s decapitation, Wesson in modern-day FrankandStein mode…
Huh?
Oh sorry, you weren’t privy. Detective’s head, Wolf’s body...
Oh, yeah…
“This rocks!”
… it didn’t take long for him to see the upside.
“I could bench-press a pony! Hey, Sir, want to see me…?”
He was a new man, towering above his old self which was lying on the floor, bleeding profusely. Wondered what to do with two-hundred plus pounds of saturated man-fat when…
Blink
“Hello.”
“Yaagh!”
… nearly startled to death by perfection in high-heels.
“Would you like some water?”
“No, I’m okay, just a little jumpy.”
Lauren was a sight for sore eyes, one look and vision cleared. Furthermore, her presence meant something else…
“You’re safe for now.”
… a breather, respite from alternate reality.
“Luke and Mack reported, order returned with your departure. The Wolves relaxing, spreading war stories…”
Curious, though, about hierarchal order.
“Aren’t you missing an Alpha…?”
“Not anymore, one Callous was kept alive, he’s now part of the family.”
She went on to explain, presence in less danger than believed.
“… as I’m sure you’re aware, the entire complex is under scrutiny, hidden cameras everywhere. Also, I never left.”
She described blending to background, becoming one with the wall, waiting behind door if guitar-string trick didn’t perform parting act properly.
“… knife in hand, semi-automatic strapped to waist, just in case…”
While explaining, she moved around the room, smiled to Wesson who beamed back with muscular pride, patted Spot...
“Yap.”
… and even took interest in Schroder’s lesson-plan…
“… you see, the essential question of purpose is moot in the multiplane, for if something’s possible, it’s not only probable, it’s inevitable. Furthermore, because possibility is unrestrained in endless alternates, everything is not only a reality, it’s occurred before, will repeat again, and is currently happening…”
… which was weird since he pretended, she didn’t exist. A short time later learned why, with Daemon’s reply.
“Because he’s afraid she’s real.”
Turns out, wire-plucking, string-theory guy was an inside-the-box thinker, instead of facing fear, he looked away, anything irrational and unsafe, overlooked, muttering between lessons, entire time.
“… only a dream, it’s only a …”
To further emphasize point, child offered pet-proof.
“Watch, when Speedy comes out to play…”
He brought the spider?
Yep, told you, goes everywhere with the bug.
“… won’t take notice.”
Which was true. For remainder of time, the theorist espousing ‘anything is possible’ both accepted and rejected everything.
“… in one scenario, birds slither, fish have feet…”
Completely discounting the once eight-legged interloper slowly inching across forehead.
“… people swing in trees, pandas prowl streets, squirrels hunt in groups…”
But anyway, after a short period, Schroder summarized.
“… the past is merely perception, Master, if one can find frequency, they hold the power of potentiality...”
Then resumed chanting…
“… a dream…”
… indicating, time to move along. So we did.
“Follow me.”
Lauren led, strolling catwalk, never breaking stride as Human body-count of pit inhabitants grew with every passing step.
“Yaa…!”
“… number twenty-three, Sir…”
After navigating edge of darkness, we entered an elevator…
“Push down.”
… descended…
Ding
… and…
“Bark!”
“Johnny Johnson, Elder Alpha…!”
… thwarted another diabolical scheme from a flea-infested, personality-tested, Zombie inbreed sent to greet group.
“This way.”
The room entered was awe-inspiring, marble floors, fountain in central positioning, statues with floral overlays covering body-parts deemed inappropriate for general display. In other words, a five-star hotel lacking reception desk. It wasn’t needed. At the far side, three Vixens stood majestically.
“Hello, my name is Deloris Delight and these are my sisters, Dianne and Dorothy…”
Professionally dressed in suits of business attire, Mistress style, seductive and alluring. With pleasant greeting voices they acknowledged Lauren, turned attention elsewhere, and demanded documentation.
“… please present permission and proof.”
Recognizing, initiation begun, responded…
“Detective...”
“Aw, come on, Sir. I like this…”
… before altering tactics due to compliance uncertainty issues and instigating fast-track procedural processes.
“Daemon, tell Wesson to hand over the paper and lift his…”
Which compelled the former forensic field-worker to do as told, raise right arm of ex-Alpha Carl which...
Slice!
… was swiftly swapped with  inferior Zombie-product on hand, the deceased bell-hop of foregone fame, who was subsequently told…
“Beat yourself to death.”
Thwack
… as portals of golden tapestry parted, revealing admission to Vampire vanity.
“Welcome to the Convention Center...”
The tour was memorable because all three, remarkably same. So similar, when Dianne replaced Deloris in oratory dictation nobody took notice, as though one voice. It readily became apparent why the sisters occupied places of importance. They were a wish come true, opportunities grasped, pleasures to behold.
“… on the right, Lotions and Lingerie, to the left, Purses and Perfumes, beside them...”
Understand, it may sound a little sexist…
It sounds extremely so.
Yeah, well, didn’t make the world, just describing it. They built a mall, dude, under-Underground, sub-lair, beneath the middle of nowhere, a trade-mart with opulence on display.
“… Fur Coats and Fine Furniture, Makeups and Manicures…”
Everything and anything for those with means and desires, an entire globe of goods at rock-bottom prices. So low, salespeople unnecessary.
“Where’s all the…?”
No guys, just gals. Kind of weird. Tried talking to Wesson but he wasn’t paying attention, something occupied his mind.
“… completely inappropriate, Sir, can’t even reach...”
While unconcerned about exchange policies, will concede, his newest limb was proportionally imperfect, only half the size Cannibal’s oversized appendage with pink skin and translucent hair. Man resembled a giant figurine whose creator gave up and grabbed whatever found.
“… doubt I could blow my own nose…”
But, didn’t need to hear undead grievances, so told him…
“Suck it up.”
… and returned attention as Dorothy took tour-control, winding down commercial row.
“… Wolves are not prohibited in reception, but rarely visit. They find the trappings too feminine and congregate elsewhere...”
Vamps cordoned off a large chunk of Underworld and constructed their idea of leisure activity. It, of course, involved the elimination of things considered unsightly.
“… those turned, stored till needed.”
The space, further unique, for those exploring the gifts of Superior interest were doing so in Madam style.
Blink
Vanish
Fading in and out, examining then departing, like ghosts on a shopping spree, consumers with discriminant tastes. Speculated which items most popular and thought to question but impeded by circumstance.
“In there.”
We arrived at the checkpoint, a nondescript door to side, bordering nothing but blank, white wall partitioning, barely noticeable save script on sign, hung with nail through board.
MAINTENANCE
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
Knocked…
“Yaa!”
… entered…
Flop
… and spent the next five minutes reviving, reason we came.
“Hi, I’m Johnny Johnson.”
His name…
“Edison.”
... line of work…
“Tech Support.”
… not important, but his hobby and electronic identity were.
“… on-line role-player, go by the call-sign, Captain Courageous.”
He would certify, rectify, upload and import all things digital. It began immediately.
“Hello, Master Daemon, do you like games?”
The two hit it off by destroying computer generated images. Sadly, the Delight’s departed soon after.
“We’ll return shortly. Do you require something in the meantime?”
Having experienced dullness which accompanies education beyond cognation, answered appropriately…
“Is there a radio available?”
… and watched sight shift suddenly as feminine form slipped away, solidified again, presenting  object requested.
“Anything else?”
Replied negatively and three dreams vanished. With little to do, tuned away one world…
“… good shot, young Master. Now, hit save to set home base and…”
… dialed in another...
“This is Tim Tidbit from Channel Five’s Emergency Broadcast Headquarters. We have dreadful news, England’s under attack and the Emerald Isle’s gone black!”
… and let time do its thing.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 28: Partitioning Property
As end nears, decorum demands documentation, therefore, a precedent for those under Confessional consideration. The epoch, post-tribal, pre-clan formation. The subjects, descendant from primal insertions, upgrades with evolutionary advantages, genetically engineered with dominant tendencies.
“Hello, Mistresses.”
“Hello, Monitor.”
One spoke for all. The location was dead-center, open field, surrounded by trees, swarming with Wolves. A neutral spot for parlay purposes.
“You wished to speak?”
“Yes, we have a favor to ask.”
Conference was held in private as requested, noise distortion employed within Clause parameters. It’s been found, cricket agitation fairly sufficient. While not fully effective, the sounds annoying enough to irritate outside Superior senses.
“What would you like?”
“Well, first, let’s drop formalities and lose the Mistress thing…”
The small clearing of grass and flower an appropriate setting. They were reshaping the world and spot stood upon, torn asunder innumerous times over. For any without pre-installment capabilities, picture a dandelion trampled by horse-hoof. See it sprout anew and squash again. Over and over, unrelenting, never-ending, repeated desecration. It is the precise point they previously battled to obtain, undefined intersection of three, goal of attempted acquisition.
“Okay, you’ll be known by given name only, what else?”
“Well…”
In order to explain the future, we must introduce a past.
Grr.
When first begun, experiment involved single landmass on planet covered with water. The area was enormous, lush with flush vegetation, nutrients for every creature’s survival. Thriving forests, prosperous wetlands, bountiful grazing pastures, perfection from a botanist perspective.
Growl
A hunting-ground for those in need.
Slit
As programmed, subjects subconsciously separated and formed groups. By Nature’s design, three armies emerged on single continent with nothing between.
Roar!
They naturally went to war. The process ran as intended, each tribe growing, getting stronger, perfecting the kill. Occupying distance from another, testing boundaries, searching for weaknesses. Due to chemical make-up, compelled to eliminate. The result…
Clash!
… massacre of massive proportion, removal of all save the extreme. To cease early cessation of experiment, an intervention, automatically triggering Clause violation remedied with restart when remainder relocated and others introduced for expansion practices.
Slice
To any with doubt about progression, please be advised, culmination in current fashion are offspring of those tested and tried, system functioning in compressed form. Werewolves and Vampires breeding, birthing, rearing, teaching, plotting desire. When indicated, attacking other tribes performing identical tasks in different ways.
Slash
Following protocol, the sequence in perpetual loop, programmed and instructed, break free. Science had no direct involvement with the act, allowing Nature’s intent. Yes, there were anticipated, prophesized possible outcomes but in no way was intervention implemented. When ready, it arrived…
Tremble
… and experiment tripled in size as lone continent broke apart, divided equally. It is then, where Testimony’s timeline sprang, the moment three Matriarchs met to decide fate of all kind.
Rumble
They were different back then, in an odd way, younger than those before or following. Known by many titles, each earned, so will accommodate and employ accordingly.
“Past.”
“Yes, Nathanial?”
“You’re first.”
The situation, answer to request, a game, pick number from hat. To any without need of such wear, think receptacle with slips inside, choose correctly and receive the prize. In case of Earth, planetary population placement, changing demographics when one become three, made possible because while unconcerned with triviality, Vampires read signs and prepared rationally. While liquid was a navigable habitat, the subjects were terrestrial by design. As land divorced, so would they.
“Present.”
“Yes, Nathan?”
“You’re second.”
Preinstalled processors provided adaptation to undue circumstance. Though mortal enemies, they surmised eventuality and proceeded properly. It was not, necessarily, a peaceful transition for they retained ability to cross oceans and lay siege upon others for ages. But with less frequency as they turned inward, shattered apart, reformed in opposition, and began anew what begun before.
“Future, you’re third.”
“Yes, Nat, I know.”
Three Clans, six continents, Antarctica ignored. The world would evolve and who reigns today, represents yesterday. For example…
“Okay, Past picked first so…”
Mistress Merri Li, defendant’s half-sister, Superior descendant of First who governs ground fought for since inception, Europe and Africa. She holds prime position with goal in sight. Her qualification and determination unquestioned. A master manipulator with reference of those vanquished, recorded and otherwise. Available, compelling reading.
“All right, Present chose next…”
Yin, twin to Yang, rules Second without contest, Challenges so brief, many end before acknowledged engagement. He is force, element of own, action preceding movement, chess in mental conflict, mated before piece in play. A dictator in name only, sovereign from Asia to Australia, deemed most likely to emerge alone.
“… which means Future receives…”
Third Clan is the formation of six with defendant and sister, Mistress Melissa, occupying positions of power. Those with them, the LeTorque, are blood-bound to Testifier, receiving gift of nullification without consequence or condition. They run the Americas, North, Central, and South, elite participants, Superior finalists.
“Anything else?”
“No, Nate, thank you.”
As Testimonial continues, Three Clans bristle to attack. Poised, armed with weaponry, each aimed at the other. The war ended horribly for Hell. We don’t wish to upset any with preconceived notions but upcoming battle with representatives of those without worth, though comfort adjusted, are completely inappropriate for younger viewers. Also, for maintenance reasons, if any wish to avoid sickening images, please turn away when instructed. Okay, where were we? Oh, yes…
“Future?”
“Yes, Nathanial?”
We caught up with first Third Clan Matriarch after ceremonial meeting of minds. It’s an interesting conversation, communicating over many senses, oral, visual, aromatic. Miss Future was no different.
“May I ask a question?
“Of course.”
Although in early stage, the study taking shape.
“What happens next?”
They would reign for eras, all three, First, Second, and Third. At times, for loss of Alpha, descending, reseeding, mating anew, climbing ladder once more. Impossible to deny, they will forever be ranking Matriarchs, historically speaking.
“Well…”
She described in finite detail the path forward. It involved more bloodshed than permissible under modern norms, so submitted for contemplation in brief…
“… we’ll control ours…”
… a redacted version for approval.
“… then take the rest.”
It is need which makes the process predictable, control of molecular product, bioengineered without blemish, self-contained, perfected in every form with fatal flaw included. To emphasize simplistic design, a subject noted at birth, instant recognition, Alpha yet more.
“Hello...”
“Leave me be.”
The Wolf of Satan begat what is today, one from which others sprang, the pinnacle of success, unmatchable in all elements, mightiest of three, Speed, Strength, Experience at infancy level.
 “Hi…”
“Die.”
He was sire of those in contention, Yin, Merri Li, the Mistress Melissa LeTorque. From his lineage the world divided. Acknowledgment given to those who eliminated the initiator, Phillip and George, for they accomplished what none save one could, decapitation of specific Superior subject. To any lacking reference material, Yin previously bested father, Lucifer, but left head intact for preferential-blood preference purposes.
“How’s it going?”
“Get out.”
One Alpha, two Matriarchs, four offspring, Wolves and Vampires divided equally and otherwise. The Madams share power, dominant in realms perceived and overlooked.
 “What’s up?”
“Eat dirt.”
Potency appears to be the deciding factor. As many may recall, Vampires birth one litter, no more. For reproductive and replacement factors, influence of glandular action introduced and multiple embryos the result. Almost every time. The exceptions are those in contention. We have hitherto identified particulate involved, but it’s become evident, Mistresses who mated with Satan gave life to not many, but few. In the case of Joan…
(Note: Mistress Ark; Superior Single Mom. Ref. 40)
… Melissa and Merri Li, sisters with same intent, siblings of a sinister creation, both apex of Clan, neither dependent on Wolf, each deadlier than another. Their half-brothers…
“Can I ask…?”
“No.”
… an entirely different matter. While also producing twin delivery, the Vampire Isabella did not proportion properly and outcome, all-powerful Yin and the defendant, related by name only. For proof, location, Johnny waits in isolation while brother boldly anticipates action. One leads an army, the other pleads for life.
…

Session 29: Following Order
Well?
Well what?
What happened? What did you see?
I was crouched in some tunnel at the bottom of a well, looking up at night sky, trying to decide which way to die.
Huh?
A refuge of sorts, wool blanket, dirty feet, stomach rumbling, people on every side, groaning, doing same thing, craning necks for better view of impending pain.
Don’t understand…?
We were going underground, huddled masses fleeing for life. Unfortunately, only safe place was below, where my kind waited.
Growl
You could nearly sense them, not distinctly, in the background, amid dark corridors, around blind bends. Fringes became places of danger as panicked people escaped horror top-side by forcing those on the edge further down, until…
Roar
What could possibly be so fearful as to make them…?
The others were appearing, huge ones, ravenous red devils with wings.
Oh, the Hoard.
Yeah, alien revulsions, monstrous, spitting venom, hurling vile, reveling in torment, audible to all, unlucky Humans snatched from ground, split open alive, shrieking in agony as devils from beyond tore skin from bone.
They are cruel.
Yes, they certainly are.
Continue.
Okay, well, after removing the outer dermis and revealing Man’s innermost parts…
Not there.
Huh?
We’re fully informed of the Hoard’s affinity for pain , a recreation will add nothing but salacious details. Please move forward with Testimonial.
All right, uh, where…?
Third-tier deep, Delight territory, underground mall, Maintenance office, Edison, alias Captain Courageous, English bombing, Irish blackout.
Right…
“Breaking news…”
Waited a while, long past point listening tolerable. Both radio and lecturer, buzzes of background noise. The broadcast, a morbid commentary on Mankind’s plight...
“… we’ve been informed, Sherwood Forrest, where most Brits took shelter, is entirely engulfed in flames…”
... while lesson from gamer-guy ran in other directions.
“The difference between reality and fantasy is control, Master Daemon, in real life we have no choice, but in the alternate, it’s available. Whether written, coded, or constructed, other places, universes even, can be altered to obtain certain advantage. Imagine a time-traveler with knowledge of today in the past. What could they influence? Nothing, direct interaction brings paradox and self-destruction, one cannot be in two places at once. But what of indirect action? What if someone wishes a certain outcome and imparts advice? I’m speaking of prophecy, the foretelling, propellant purpose. What if those who saw and planned the future were, in reality, subconsciously doing the bidding of another? Furthermore…”
Realizing information from either source, incomprehensible, turned stereo down, stood, and began rummaging. It didn’t take long. Room, about the size of a two-car garage, employed to store janitorial supplies with rags, mops, and floor-buffer.
“Hey, Wesson.”
“Yes, Sir?”
“Ever ridden one of these?”
Cleaned for a while, nothing else to do, took another nap, walked the dog, listened to updates, continuous coverage of complete disaster…
“… again, news just in, Bahama’s no more. Reports indicate total destruction, zero bodies found…”
… when events coalesced and next phase began.
“Hello, again.”
They appeared from nowhere, solid upon approach, as we stood outside Storage, allowing Daemon privacy for computation matters. Wesson was polishing the floor as Spot sniffed surroundings, various urns with ferns, indoor flower-boxes set bench-high, and other furniture found above in places of mass-purchase congregation.
“The Council requests the attendance of...”
The one who spoke, Deloris, believe. Can’t be positive because while different individually, each left the same impression after consideration, infatuation. They were so easy on the eyes, one forgot to employ other abilities.
“Wolf Johnson, did you hear me?”
“Oh, sorry. Um… what…?”
The problem raised was one of custom. The Vampires held Coven in an underground Convention Center and I held power of LeTorque by virtue of Wesson who represented familiar authority in subordinate role. Unless proven false by loss of control during undead challenges, it made me, de facto, head guy in charge, top dog, Alpha, Third Clan. Anything wanted, given. Unless it violated precedent.
“… he cannot enter…”
Daemon was hitch in plan. The cause…
“… Wolves are not allowed…”
… a tad emasculating till soothed with Delight, delicate delivery.
“… with you, the exception, of course.”
Knew it was coming, the trial, no secret, a seeding ritual same as Wolves with single variation, violence through others. Process resembling Permission and Proof with caveat, instead of arm-swapping, Zombies in Conventional power-plays fight to death. Trudy explained why, once.
“… to separate inherency, remove it from the equation, establish might is right. Make no mistake, a candidate must prove worthiness through blood contestation, but once done, an alternate method, invoked...”
The ingredient for optimal player in Vamp control contests is high intelligence, brutal strength, nearly-alive surrogate stand-ins. Reason for the first…
“Their presence must be tolerable. Thus, genius by Human standards preferred...”
… second…
“It’s combat, Johnny.”
… and last.
“… it’s forbidden to kill Sisters in Council, nothing would get accomplished, therefore…”
The ceremony to begin last Convene was in danger of cancelation for non-participation, title-holder, Wesson.
“… can’t, Sir. She clearly stated, protect Master Daemon. Not you, nor them, but him…”
A conflict of order, dual purpose, single allegiance. Troubling dilemma, solved through group-think when glitch exposed.
“Girls, we’ve got a problem…”
After explaining…
“… you see, he can’t perform both roles at once. Providing passage requires separation from Daemon which violates the second commandment…”
… waited in wonderment as the eyes of Delight looked on and took everything in. Appeared to be a conundrum, troublesome at the very least. It wasn’t.
“Oh, Johnathon Wolf, do you not see?”
Difficulty with self-denial is also the solution, recognizing ignorance. Thus…
“See what?”
… the continuation of mission was explained in extremely, unsettling Vampire fashion as three directed gaze on family’s defiant, dead representative…
“Servant of LeTorque.”
“Yes, Mistresses?”
… who was then, shown a way forward.
“Do you accept or refuse the summons of Council?”
“Sorry Ma’ams, uh, Madams… err, whatever you like to be called, I must decline. Oddly, kind of torn over the decision, part of me demands I obey the request, but other part… well… realize you’ll cut my throat but truth is, go ahead. It doesn’t matter. This body won’t let me contemplate the idea. Just thinking about separating makes my innards revolt. Even if I wanted, couldn’t abandon a charge. Goodness, if anyone even blinks in his direction, I get nervous. And in this form, if I get itchy, someone gets dead. So if you mean to kill me, let’s get this started. I’m curious about my new claw anyhow…”
Indication was clear, willing or not, ready to die. He wouldn’t waver. Or so thought.
“Detective Wesson, is it?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
The Delight who interrupted, unknown. Seriously, they were so incredibly alike, it was impossible to identify singularity. But anyway, one began…
“We have no wish to harm you. In fact, we want to help. If you’ll allow, we’ll explain our position by way of internal persuasion. Afterward, if you still wish to remain, you may, is this acceptable?”
He appeared caught off-guard and replied the same...
“Uh… okay.”
… and then reality slapped vision straight with jaw-dropping speed.
“Good. Let’s start with a thought experiment. Ask yourself, is anywhere more dangerous than the spot, Wolf Johnathon Johnson, occupies at any point in time?”
The world at war, alien invasion, the Pit of Despair, Wolves and Vampires underground, teeth bared, and the Zombie who previously solved mysteries for a living came up with…
“Um….”
… zip, zilch, nada, nothing. Some definite introspection was required but before common sense prevailed a different Delight continued.
“Ponder further, is anyplace safer without the presence, Wolf Johnson?”
The questioned sounded, somehow identically opposite, yet strangely, Wesson’s answer the same.
“Um…”
Identifying liability is something generally avoided, usually for circumstances beyond control. At anytime, in the vicinity of my kind, any are expendable. With it in mind, a confession, right then, totally exposed. Thought for a second, maybe the game-plan changed, possibly, another saw a better way and sought to end the Mission altogether. Wouldn’t take much effort, an indifferent, lazy slap would do it.  And the process chosen to prove point was leading to very same, perilous conclusion. Until the third Delight intervened with preferred design.
“Consider lastly, is Wolf Johnson’s presence necessary?”
Not positive, recipient’s particular thoughts on the matter but relieved, answer written in prose. Not only by a Vampire of mythic deeds…
Mistress Vivian.
Huh?
Clarification for the audience, Johnny, they may not remember who turned the detective, on whose authority your presence depends. In fact, now may be time to simplify. Please explain the familiar Matriarch.
The what?
Who holds the power of LeTorque?
Melissa.
Why?
Because she’s my partner, I’m Alpha, which makes her Matriarch.
Then why was another chosen to turn the Burden of Proof? If Detective Wesson was representing the family, shouldn’t your sister’s blood be in contestation?
It could. Truthfully, most… well, every Sister thinks alike, inherently, deep-down in the darkest parts of their pitiless souls, they know, they rule. Or should. Thus, when representation is required, they send the strongest candidate available, themselves. Or, you know, their blood in post-Human, dead-beholden form.
But not your family.
No, everyone joined the pact, at end, free to choose, till then, follow design. We wield the strength of LeTorque. It doesn’t matter who, what, where, or when. Pick a challenge, we’ll win. Every time. To keep things interesting, girls rotate the Matriarchy or disregard altogether. In case of Underworld, Vivian drew the task.
Thank you for clarifying, please continue.
Okey-doke. Uh…
The Delights were altering Wesson’s view on summons compliance interpretation. The last question, one of your necessity.
Oh yeah…
“We ask, again, servant of LeTorque, do you accept or refuse…?”
By then, Wesson, a changed mind, completely reversing original response and agreeing, command compliance not only suggested but compelled separation for safety’s sake of charge concerned.
“Sir, we really should be moving along…”
The final grouping nearly set with me, Wesson, two Madams acting sentry while another, believe to be Dianne, remained behind…
“… providing protection…”
… guarding the future. Everything with a purpose. Single exception.
“Uncle Johnny?”
“Yes, Daemon?”
Problem with pet proprietorship, personally didn’t foresee situation where its particular traits provided help. The job finished, early detection of deceased, discontinued, gatekeepers unemployed, innermost lowest-level, Vampire Convention Center. Therefore…
“Let him decide.”
… a simple solution proposed, understood brilliant for two reasons. First, as proffered previously, the animal useless where headed, turned-Human recognition, a low priority in Madam-land . Second…
“Okay.”
… it was a priceless parting gift without cost for obvious, pet preferred child. So thought, why not let dog choose? Hence, when departure time arrived, command issued simultaneously…
“Spot, come!”
“Here boy!”
… and animal followed instinct…
click-click-click
… bee-lining to the correct contestant, tail-wagging excitedly…
click-click
… one stride from young Master’s side when…
click
… something unexpected, amazing, and to be honest, spine-chilling occurred.
What?
Speedy intervention.
The spider?
Yep, just as mutt arrived, the first of those hideous, hairy legs appeared on Daemon’s right shoulder, followed by rest of said, conniving creature.
“Yip!”
Freaking pup out, nails flailing on freshly polished floor, the four-legged hound bound backward, scurrying to safety, fleeing two-inch-tall terror who appeared triumphant, tauntingly so…
Again, not possible.
Whatever. So afterward…
“Huh, guess Spot’s with us.”
… the troupe assembled, for better or worse, LeTorque represented.
Are you approaching final Testimony?
Uh-huh, one last tale to tell.
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 29: Placement Purposes
Subject habitat is an organic landmass comprising of single planet, small solar-system, tiny galaxy, within unexplored universe. In a nutshell, quarantine, an ideal location for scientific studies. It was not the first. At start of experiment, Earth’s moon, slightly askew current course making it uninhabitable, extreme temperature, toxic air, ionized atmosphere. One space rock-away, however, spun a globe similar to orb in testimony, Mars.
“Hello, Hercules.”
“Hi, Nat!”
The purpose of upcoming recreation is dual-natured, critical-care for Defendant stability, and explanation, Superior beginnings.
“Where you going?”
“Well, got these twelve labors to complete…”
During time of scrutiny, the red world under discussion was otherwise colored, a pallet of hues with underlying pigmentation. Incredibly beautiful. Simple to destroy.
“Want some help?”
“Sure.”
Orbital satellites are necessary in all spheres of exploration. Rarity is why. Such small percentage of success allows study. Management follows. If one needs botanical gardens, nudge a neighborly asteroid in proper position, seed accordingly, allow Nature to spring forth. Bipedal life-forms, no different.
“What’s the first task?”
“Kill a lion.”
The form assumed, servant of humble design, necessary due to dysfunctional family-relationship of being accompanied, one with such power, believed invincible.
“Just any lion?”
“No, this one’s twenty-feet tall, fifty long, with armored skin, and claws so sharp…”
They were last of a kind, insertions proven beneficial if unemployable, deleted not for failure…
“You’re wearing him?”
“Sure am, I look good in fur…”
… but success. The creature slain, in any other location, a top predator, animal to be feared, one to avoid, not…
“Could you take it off, please?”
“Why? It fits good. Also, the ears make great muffs.”
… to parade as clothing and trophy in one.
“Fine, do a favor, closed the eyes.”
“What for?”
“It looks mortified.”
They were a species of hominoid, pre-Superior, from whence all were later designed. Unparalleled organisms with little do but whittle time and play petty games. The companion, a result of such tryst, father bed another and child borne, illegitimate, but with gifts almighty.
“What’s next?”
“Let’s see. Here it is. Kill a nine-headed snake which, according to legend, is about a hundred feet long, then capture some elusive animals, a big pig and giant antelope of sorts…”
The main characters were few in number. For containment, a genetic impulse modified, mating season but once a cycle. With lack of entertainment, they fashioned secondary figures, pint-sized doppelgangers from clay, foliage, and other growth. Without threat, eons were as hours. They sat, fiddled, and waited while Nature turned nothing to something. Over ages the goo stirred, evolved, eventually becoming, if not identical, somewhat proportional to Inferior characters in current confession.
“Do you think it’s still wiggling?”
“What, the snake-head? Probably, but who cares? I stomped it about a mile deep and covered it with rubble.”
The mush became playthings, miniature versions of themselves with one major difference, population growth. Soon, an entire society sprung forth, lesser entities with nothing in common, subject matter, except reflection.
“Hello, beautiful.”
“Oh, Lord Zeus, I didn’t see you enter. Please, make yourself comfortable…”
Physical attribution is rife with worry. With preconceived notions of preference, when constructed, object becomes idolized. The figurines walking among myths, replicas of same, ergo males muscular mockups of masculinity and females… well, they were something else.
“What about your wife?”
“Hera? Don’t worry, we have an open relationship.”
Jealousy is a killer, the companion conceived out of wedlock, creating a whole series of retributions by spouse scorned. As an infant, bride of Zeus placed two serpents in newborn’s crib. Both, quickly killed by snapped necks, but intent exposed, Hera hated Hercules. It’s why he was tried.
“… okay, lion-tamed, Hydra chopped to bits, boar and antelope captured, stable cleaned by altering river, slew a bunch of birds. What’s left on the list?”
“Seems, we need to capture a bull and steal a bunch of stuff.”
Control was underlying matter of scrutiny. Specifically, difference between defeat and dominate, expand or contract. The Supreme challenged was first ,and for cautionary reasons, last of his kind.
“Wow! One big cow.”
“Yep, get the rope.”
Elite or subject to discrimination, test of blood to determine fate, an immortal…
“He’s my son.”
… or something less.
“It’s a bastard.”
The labors Hercules endured were both exhilarating and humiliating. Designed to produce failure, failing endeavor, entirely.
“Isn’t this fun?”
“Yeah, never thought riding a giant buffalo would be so wild!”
The organism identified, Zeus, was created Alpha code. The creature he mated, a beta version of perfection, modeled after his better half, Hera. The confirmation of such unsafe sex-act was the creation of higher organisms through duplication, substituting Inferior subject matter with original.
“Okay, last hurdle to clear, capture Cerebus.”
“The Hellhound?”
“Yep.”
Labors’ intent was identification, Supreme or not, maybe somewhere in-between. Location, underworld, with sovereign, Hades, brother of Zeus, overseeing.
“Hello, Hercules.”
“Hi, Uncle.”
 Animal of interest was a rabid, irrationally large canine with three heads, tusks for teeth, held back by metal chain in grasp of master.
“What can I do for you?”
“I need  your dog.”
For reference purposes, iron leash employed, similar in size to merchant-ship anchors, planet Earth, testimonial time. The leader of those dwelling below emitted a criminal quality , devoid of morals, an unscrupulous actor, though not evil, for without good a different label applied.
“Well, I was about to walk and feed the creature. Tell you what, if you can handle the task, you can borrow the beast.”
“Okay, thanks.”
The casual nature of conversation is clue, Alpha recognition. Whether inherent or evolutionary, the scent recognizable, potential unlimited. For clarification, the image of hound as locomotive. Tons of machinery, unyielding determination, engine of massive propulsion. Useless. Held in check by figure one-twentieth height, one-ninetieth weight, attached by nothing but finger, loop, and tether.
“How many till he’s full?”
“I don’t know? He’s awfully big and they’re so small.”
It was not a pleasing chore, Underworld’s pet devouring victims, those from above, impaled on spits of cooled, molten ore, crying in agony, begging for release.
Chew
Made possible by atomic attraction. Imagine a black hole, everything sucked inward, further compressed so others could enter. An infinite gravitational force, all mass, ever shrinking, essence of design.
Gulp
Answer to how so little could hold so much, density. Chemical introduction among subatomic particulates producing, magnetic polarity, all things attuned to one.
“Um, should we do something?”
“Yeah, probably, feels like part of the job. My goodness, he dropped a lot.”
To illustrate point, an obscene yet telling picture, the dog defecation, result of binge gluttony, hundreds of prisoners, heaping mounds of digested material, left in a crater, subterranean tomb.
“Man this stinks, how are you going to…? Oh!”
“Move out of the way.”
Resolution, push rock extrusion of glacial proportions to proper spot and move along.
Crumble
The transfer of control, direction of electric flow, gave subjects titled Supreme power over everything. If contact initiated, whatever form, incorporated with positive-negative nodes, realigned and projected outward upon desire.
Crash
Ability to move mountains, appropriate, as connection to planet below, firm footing for those with feet of stone.
“All right, sinners eaten, smell smothered, beast on a leash. What now?”
“Deliver goods, receive the reward.”
There are times when Monitoring requires passive response. He was easy to like, outgoing, funny, at moments, magnificent. A form made from scratch, malleable, unmovable, impossible to stop.
“Hello, anyone home?”
As hinted earlier, their kind, appreciated but suppressed. Predetermined ante-matter. Per protocol, initial foray into Superior programming, isolate problematic consequences, resolve, and eliminate where needed.
“Hi, Hercules.”
“Hey, Dad.”
The final scene of Supreme existence is a touching one, Zeus recognizing and welcoming son.
“Come with me to Paradise above. Enjoy anything and everything, all day, till the end of time.”
It was also the moment, program terminated. Reason, invisible visibility.
“Um… Herc?”
“Yeah, Nat?”
“You’re fading away.”
The first formulation became Supreme errors, elementals with power of cellular interaction, intriguing but unpredictable, at higher positions able to convert into mist-like forms, living on clouds, overseeing all, interacting with Inferiors, unable to deny.
“I know, cool, right! Father told me how to do it. Think I’ll fly up and buzz Hera. You know, just to be a reminder and all.”
The façade in action, performed for peaceful passage, they, no need to know. Too much of anything, imperfect. Determined unacceptable for observable reasons, sitting on puffs of moisture, reigning over miniature versions of identity, replicating slowly but increasing nonetheless, either through proper mating practices or otherwise. Utterly oblivious. Content to survive and prosper. Noncompliant with purpose.
“See you around, Nat.”
“Goodbye, Hercules.”
A nudge, correction of course, enacted. Recall, organic material, single sphere, lack of imagination. By time problem realized, answer unachievable, crops to dust, water to ice, air to poison. For many with compassionate personalities, be informed, the Supremes reigned for ages, looming over those below, at any time able to glance upward, never doing so. Self-blinded to outside forces, comfortable where they lay.
“Alter orbit, seven degrees…”
With further study, they may someday bear fruit. Not then. Lacking nourishment, complete extinction. Ashes on barren rock. No trace of source in sight.
“Initiate lunar positioning, Earth. Redirect by asteroid-strike, moon, three degrees…”
Superiors are not Supreme, coded separately. They do, however, share a base. Discarding the troubling talent of atomic separation, manipulating positive inherency, and suppressing those with suspect nature, subjects under consideration have achieved purpose, goal of Heaven’s research, perfected weaponry of one.
…

Session 30: Dead Reckoning
Yaagh!
It’s okay. You’re safe.
Mother…!
Try and calm down. Concentrate on breathing, slow your pulse.
But…!
Nothing you say will surprise, Hell is known disgust.
Torture for pleasure? They were berserk, dancing in gore…
Yes, as defined, those with hate in heart, operate deplorable ways. They cannot be taught, turned, or compromised. Only destroyed.
“You’ll get no argument, here.”
Good. Continue, please.
Oh, uh…
Underground mall, separation for safety purposes, final passage, third trial, Vampire Coven, Delight guidance.
Got it…
“Follow me.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
The mall-hallway turned tunnel as flooring morphed to gravel and ceiling stone. Light dimmed, air chilled, noise echoed off barren rock wall as females led way. After a short jaunt, purpose in sight, barrier between worlds, large wooden door.
“Wait here, the others must be warned...”
One disappeared, leaving another behind. To pass time, asked for advice, her opinion on best way to stay alive.
“… upon entering, maintain a safe distance, but not too far. Follow the path provided, don’t stray left or right, avoid head-movements, keep elbows to the side, eyes forward, mouth shut…”
While absorbing litany of death-defying details, paid attention to quest cohorts, detective and dog, both stood trembling but in different ways. The mutt, a tense bundle of nerves, brown orbs downcast, fearful, everything…
Whimper
… whereas Wesson was opposite…
Hip-hop
… preparing for battle, itching to fight. Strange contrast. Refocused, depressingly, desirous tour-guide…
“… ignore peripheral images, pay scant attention to outside voices, never touch shadows…”
… and began steeling for what to come. Unfortunately…
“I’m back.”
“Yaagh!”
… forgot about initial Sister and came close to infortune ending. Thankfully, heart held up and short while later arms opened door to reveal cinematic tragedy.
Whisper
Picture a grand cathedral, auditorium, balconies ringed with emeralds, sky-boxes on high . Now, disfigure scene with dark intentions, theater, horrific nature.
“It’s him…”
“… rumors are true.”
As always, speculation flew as we moved in linear fashion, me, Wesson, Spot, the Delights before and behind. All around, a sea of fem-fatales, Matriarchs of Third, gathered underground, awaiting Armageddon.
“If only…”
“Imagine…”
The possibilities, endless. For them and myself. Not a pleasant thought, slave to time. Thankfully…
Slash!
“Stand back!”
… impervious to harm, under guard, top family, lowest-tier, Superior personal protection.
Slice! 
“Clear the way!”
Using Delightful interference and direction, progressed toward destination, down center aisle till halting, pivoting, and facing those who issued summons.
“If it pleases the Council…”
As one Sister began formal introductions, took in the scene. Envision an altar but think big, with nine thrones erected tall, all occupied, save one.
“… present the Alpha of LeTorque, Johnny...”
Purpose for its absenteeism became clear when representative of those in elevated status echoed introductions.
“Hello, Wolf Johnson. You’re just in time, we’re about to seat the final house…”
Before all, the space between, an open stage, barren blue rock worn smooth by activities performed past tense. One of which resumed as a...
“Bark!”
… burst out from previously whimpering, Spot, who couldn’t overcome nature and keep yap shut when Zombies appeared from somewhere, strode up steps, and took positions opposing the other. See, Council had been busy, predictably so, as Trudy explained during pre-Mission consultation.
“… they will use time to seed accordingly, either rising or replacing…”
It was the way of things down there, undead warriors fighting to determine Matriarchal power and thus, hierarchal positioning. Was curious just how far they would go…
“… it’s fairly common to substitute weak pairings with aspirants from below…”
… and discovered, while mated for life, the same cannot be said for family ties. What transpired was culmination of Coven, final contest between Vamps, winner receiving chair unoccupied, last participant, closing member of the jury.
Third Clan Trade representatives.
Yep, Tribes together as one. At least, almost.
“Begin!”
Fight was on, two undead, unwashed, unforgivably ugly gentlemen with serious skills. Swords, preferred tools though others allowed. Guns prohibited not for safety’s sake, but viewer approval. Some bouts went for days, retreat no option, kill or be killed, by opponent or surrounding mob. This one, a bit different.
Slit
Timing was the factor. Each seemed equal, attacking, parrying, reacting without thought. Appeared to be an endurance match till one mistake altered course. The victor was a large man with sharp weapon finishing off opponent, giant guy with or without head. Act finished, steel dripping red, winning Zombie strode off stage, dragging corpse behind. When all was clear, command given...
“Please take your throne…”
… and final Vampire seated. Her name, forgettable, but the face…
It’s Madam Mayhem.
… something else altogether. Knew exactly who she was because met before in another time and place. In memory, she’ll always be Mistress to the Right, counterpart of Sylvia Sinclair, former Matriarch of Clan. Unlike mischievous cohort, able to rebound and climb ranks enough to find herself, once again, at the top. Well, new top. One layer below the old top.
Space your family cleared.
Yup, when we erased leaders of Food and Security, everything was ours. Now, in normal times families below would fight for spots vacated. One head for each trade. But it wasn’t normal times, it was end of times, consequently…
“The Council will come to order.”
… procedure went according to plan. Or, nearly so.
Huh?
Everything predicted came true, till it fell apart. The Trades were represented by Matriarchs. Each held power to accept or deny claim. Now, the fact Wesson was present meant he previously proved blood possessed of Superior quality for tiers tests and those bested, extremely powerful participants. Therefore…
“Please, present the Burden…”
… when he stood before all, with cannibal body and detective face on full display, the choice was simplified. Assent or get subjected to proof’s consequences. At level occupied, a very dangerous option. Don’t know which girl was strongest but aware of something, any of ours wins. Which meant, when all nine were asked individually…
“Do you acknowledge, representation?”
… they could either agree, Wesson was symbol of LeTorque power, or not, and take their chances. The problem was outcome, revealing vulnerability.
“Yes, we accept…”
Each responded as Trudy foretold, with added addendum…
“… on condition, Proof is presented…”
… and foregone formality forwarded.
Hold on.
Yes?
What forgone formality?
Oh, sorry. Well, you see, the whole process was a sham. They had no intention of challenging credentials due to the self-evidence standing before them, one carrying Matriarchal blood. Three levels of underground arm-swapping with body-enhancements emphasized the point. Thus, first stage of final summons was irrelevant because nobody wanted to lose position for questioning authority. They would wait for the second stage, important part, where something more was expected.
“The Council rules, Burden has been met. Now, on to the next requirement, Proof…”
It was then, when things jumped the rails.
“Wait.”
… for right when, time to shine arose, a blast from years past, freaking Mistress to the Right intervened, and Coven responded.
“Yes, Madam Mayhem?”
“ I declare a Challenge.”
 Couldn’t believe it. Trudy hinted, possible probability, but repercussions so severe, didn’t buy scenario. Wasn’t alone, speaker of others agreed also.
“Didn’t you just vote, affirmative…?”
“Yes, but this is different, I’m not contesting representation, I’m challenging the one within.”
It was such an audacious move, doubt anyone saw it coming. She was powerful, sure, but already once-defeated. Also, timing made no sense…
Why?
Because if Proof wasn’t sufficient, if we couldn’t stake our claim and make it stick, all were in, imminent attack, instead of single combat it would be… what?
Nine families against one.
Yeah, much worse odds. But, Miss Whacko…
Madam Mayhem.
… whatever, she decides to skip arm-wrestling and go back door, choosing not to contest authority, but Superior control itself. A fatal decision…
One second.
All right.
For any with confusion, a clarification, the trial was culmination of Coven, hierarchal positioning. At time of Testimonial the defendant’s kin held unique places, namely, top-tier. Remember the pyramid with one over many, Matriarchs’ apex point, goal of game. Further recall, under each family, three reside. In case under consideration, the Eldest Vampires of Shelter, Food, and Security, all governed by LeTorque, a tempting target for those willing to cooperate and collude. Also, possible reason for Confessor consternation. Okay, please continue.
Um… sure, where…?
Mistress Mayhem’s Challenge.
Right…
“You ready for this?”
“I’m ready for anything, Sir.”
The place was tension in suspension, Vamps of every persuasion, enrapt with fascination, witnessing deciding declaration.
“On the left, representing LeTorque, a man when living, entitled Wesson…”
One last challenge to face, fight between our guy and theirs. Felt fairly confident as detective danced lightly, sparred with air, prepping for the match. His opposite, Zombie who previously walked off-stage, reentered, silently, no response, not saying a word.
“… and on the right, representing Mayhem…”
Visually, it was a mismatch. Cannibal’s body, while slight by Wolf standards, still domineering. Head, a foot higher. Weight, metric stones bigger. Agility, athletically off the chart. His opponent…
“… with an impressive record of eighty-five wins, no loses, thirty-two by strangulation…”
… very large Inferior with background in criminal enterprises ranging from strong-arm robberies to contract-killings. In regular times, odds on favorite. But then… well… things were acting irregular.
“Begin!”
They stalked another, semi-circling the stage, each testing boundaries, waiting to assault, knowledge on full display. Though not cognizant, muscle memory emerged. Wesson, in form of another who fought peers of Superior status, cautiously moved forward. The opposing, taking stock, measuring space, confident in process. Disconcerting, unsettled feeling abdominally, something wrong, but couldn’t place it.
Clash!
They came together and separated, neither gaining the edge. Strange, since Carl’s body the balance-tipper, Wesson’s favor. Or so appeared.
“Huff… puff…”
Every movement countered with perfection. A display of skill so efficient, seemed Mayhem’s surrogate, reading another’s mind.
“Wheeze…”
Troubling ideas filtered by, images lacking form but taking shape, possible loss of confrontation. Even Spot seemed alarmed..”
“Whine.”
Wasn’t the detective’s fault, he tried everything to break through. Unfortunately, unsuccessful. Each attempt denied with ease, like a matador with exhausted bull, judging moment to end contestation.
“Whimper.”
Didn’t have Plan B. Watched with unexpected disease, LeTorque champion, slowly but surely cede victory. One arm pinned behind back as other fended off impending disaster. Gut reaction, queasy consternation. First thought, what went wrong?
“Woof.”
Second, what was missing?
“Hold on…”
Couldn’t see because, improper sense deployment, instead of searching for something out of place, recalled something lacking.
“… the dog didn’t bark!”
One moment from end, Mayhem’s man moving in, Wesson’s neck exposed, a single bite to finish the feat, point of no return.
“When her Zombie returned, Spot didn’t warn. The guy’s not undead!”
Instant alteration.
“Hiss!”
Wolf in sheep’s clothing, Superior plant with ideas of usurpation. Almost worked, if not for a canine with soulless-odor detection, the world imperiled.
“Grab him!”
But it wasn’t.
“Punish both.”
Mistress Mayhem and the Wolf who challenged hierarchy were last seen bundled in twine, spun by Vampires, hauled off, awaiting confinement and abuse. Not sure the punishment for less-than-Inferior impersonation…
Torture and death through unconventional means
… but imagine, picture’s not pretty. Anyway…
“Burden has met the Challenge…”
… after declaring Wesson winner by default…
“… the Zombie is now deemed irrelevant. Please, present the Proof.”
… it was finally, my moment in the sun.
“Do you have a radio?”
Wasn’t much of anything, really, just a matter of asking correct question, precise interpretation, planning for undetermined events, all necessary, but in the grand scheme, relatively unimportant. As previously posted, time was on our side.
“A radio?”
“Yep.”
Didn’t take long, a Delight disappeared, returned, metal squawk-box in hand.
“Turn it on. Any channel will do.”
And so…
“… we repeat, the Moon is gone. A blast of enormous proportions occurred moments ago without warning or advance notice. This has been a recorded emergency broadcast. For those tuning in, we repeat…”
… the confluence of particular events coalesced with Burden passed and Proof delivered in fiery fashion . Nobody could deny, there was no retreat, bridge burned. Without lunar influence, planetary age expectancy cut dramatically. One way or another, conclusion commencing. Evidence, ability to influence matters on intergalactic stage and confirmation, LeTorque qualification, Clan Superior. Only thing left to do, light the fuse…
“Okay, as acting Alpha, it is my pleasure to issue the following command…”
… and watch it explode.
“… unleash the Hounds.”
…
(BREAK)

Interlude 30: Primacy Presentation 
Per stamina protocol, required recuperation instituted. For deeper understanding, we enter Defendant’s psyche and receive concurring events, one involving subject with emergent talents. As we do, please remember, while not physical, those under consideration are formidable. To any with suspect constitutions, be advised, skip ahead. For all others, follow at will.
Hello, Johnny.
Hi, Nat.
The location in view, Asia, specifically, the Steppes of…
Hold up, who are you talking to? And how are you in my head?
We’re not. You’re currently under sedation, receiving input from Heaven’s database which is now, mutually accessible . While it may seem a dream, the answer is otherwise, a reproduction, events taken from snippets of witnessed recollections…
Huh?
What you’re experiencing during breaks is a form of synapse manipulation, neurological pathways identified, signals produced, sight and sound added for advanced comprehension…
What?
Think of it as time inheritance, the ability to view, first-hand, events which shape reality. In current case, Superiority’s first confrontation with those of intolerable demeanors.
Oh, Hellion.
Correct, as to who we’ve been communicating, the audience, both your kind and others. There is no reason to search, they cannot be seen, are as you appear, in spectral form only.
So, earlier, when screaming…?
All in your head.
Wow! Sure seemed real.
It was, past tense. Now, please sit still, a narration for judicial preparedness will commence.
Okay.
Thank you. Now, let’s see… oh, yes, the landscape in question, open terrain littered with remains, located in heart of Second Clan, and thus, within ones domain. Do not let amount of carnage influence thought, number of casualties, in truth, a ploy. Yes, Humans are scattered everywhere, and no, they are not resting. Mass extermination was means by which they met demise. They had no answer for Minion, let alone Hoard, and did not comport themselves well in battle. Out-gunned, undermanned, overwhelmed. In every instance, utter annihilation. From billions to millions and presently, thousands, an endangered species indeed. Take notice as scene unfolds, underlings scour plains for survivors, those found…
Slit!
Holy…! They… they cut the man’s…
Yes, Johnathon, all are receiving identical information and able to view for themselves…
But…?
If possible, refrain from auditory input. We’re well aware the revulsion but insist, those in position of judgement need facts. Hell is neither charitable nor compassionate. Their actions speak for themselves. A repugnant and devilish breed, they will reap what sewn. But first, background must be painted in clear and concise terms so the end, which is near, can be fully appreciated.
What are you talking about?
If one raises eyes and sets sights higher, the answer becomes clear.
Huh?
The reason, your kind won the war.
Oh, yeah. Sort of forgot…
The Moon’s destruction was of utmost import for success. To those who correctly identified source, congratulations. Any who did not, recall, Defendant’s rocket-launch from NASA…
Hey, I was going to tell them…
Then please do.
Okay, well, the idea was simple. Draw them in, encourage overconfidence, then remove enemy base with ordinance previously delivered by missile buried deep down below, think center-sphere. Thing had a spring-loaded triggering mechanism keyed to the Cone of Forbiddance as Vivian explained, projecting, project’s aim.
“… it’s a plan designed to deceive, Sweetie, nothing more than a ruse, a very costly one, but still only a fabrication. You see, when the Moon’s orbit crosses our line, a tripwire flips and detonation begins. Now, to keep things interesting, we’ll hurl everything we’ve got, nuclear, electromagnetic, conventional arms and anything else in the arsenal. The idea is create chaos. They’ll defend with great success not knowing the real reason for such a display of firepower…”
“The bomb beneath their feet?”
“Precisely, when the time arrives, they’ll be caught looking elsewhere. Remember, the best diversions never get noticed…”
Turns out, Vamps concluded long before, invaders from another world would use the planet’s circling rock-partner as a forward landing base. From there, they could attack and return without fear of reprisal. Therefore, something was required to alter equation…
Technological control.
Uh-huh, girls knew science a few decades from learning tricks and troubles of interstellar travel. But, if lucky enough to obtain a functioning vehicle?
Reverse engineer and jump normalized timeline.
Yep. But, then, a further proposal, what about the entire fleet, instead?
Immediate invasion potential.
You got it. We could venture out and put an end the darker side before they got out of hand. Now, weren’t sure fighting prowess…
One second.
Okay.
In order to increase pace and conclude Confessional, we introduce secondary testimony, recorded in person, on screen, by one with vested interests.
“Hello, this is Tim Tidbit with Channel Five’s Emergency Broadcast Crew. We go to Wally Thornburg, live, somewhere overseas. Wally, are you there?”
“Right here, Tim!”
Some may ask the obvious, how is it possible a species on verge of collapse, allowed the opportunity of digital transmission? The answer, apparent when explained.
“Can you bring everyone up to date on where we stand right now, Wally?”
“Sure can, Tim, we’re doomed.”
As reporter described the concept of inevitable extinction, video footage introduced. Though sites differed from desert to suburb, images bled together, post-battle, with Humanity in total defeat, Hell dressed in dual, diabolical forms, scavenging bodies, dispatching all signs of life.
“… able to show the aftermath of combat for one simple reason, Tim. The aliens insist on it.”
Propaganda is part of warfare. Main instrument, sowing seeds of doubt. Normally, victors produce product. Bomb a few buildings, blow up a train-track or two, and allow those allied access to material provided. Prove, through moving pictures and still photography, one’s might. Unfortunately for Inferiority, option off the table, no chance against foes with otherworldly powers.
“They like it?”
“Yep, said in their weird ‘buzzing’ of the mind way, couldn’t do a better job if they tried. In fact, they’ve been escorting camera-crews to goriest locations, more bodies the better. At first, it was horrifying, people blown to bits, children crying, lying dying, cradled in arms of deceased mothers. After a while it was only depressing. Nobody upright, just one corpse after another, on the ground, bleeding out… ”
It’s understandable, those witnessing might harbor doubts of conclusion. Do not, things are about to change.
“… hold on…”
“Yes, Wally?”
“… something’s up.”
For balance purposes, final act of recreation played through eyes of another, unnamed and unwanted, done for objective considerations.
Whoa! What’s going on?
The viewpoint’s been altered, Johnny, all are now receiving impressions from a member of the Hoard, namely, Scene Commander, overlord to multitude of Minions within perspective. Please pay careful attention to sudden shift in situational understanding. It senses something amiss…
Just a second, how do you…?
Remember, while you were absent, we were not. Everything of substance has been studied, processed, and stored. With Armageddon a substantial event, the whereabouts and actions of those in contention, continuously monitored.
Huh?
We’ve seen this play out before.
All right, got you.
Okay. Now, where were we?  Oh, yes, it senses something amiss, glances high and flinches as the orbital staging platform is suddenly reduced to debris.
Boom!
Sky darkens as pebbles and dust enter atmosphere, other shapes follow as remaining spacecraft, those not caught in detonation, make way towards sole landing-spot available, Earth. A pause occurs, as though time readjusting, reevaluating.
“Wally?”
“Yes, Tim?”
“Did something happen?”
“I… think the Moon exploded.”
Hoard’s attention instinctively drawn elsewhere, downward, as something materializes from nothing. Reporter, following Commander’s stare, focused on the form, something large, an enormous shape.
“What the…?”
“Is everything okay, Wally?”
“Not sure, Tim, there seems to be a humanoid at the field’s edge, a giant being emerging…”
Hey, it’s…
Yes, Johnny, your twin. Now, please, try and hold tongue till footage finalized.
All righty.
Thank you. As before, the standpoint of one not worthy Heaven’s notice employed. Take time to consider numbers in action, a single Hoard overseeing innumerable Minion, those roaming ground littered with remains of vanquished men. Suddenly, lone silhouette appears. The commander’s sight locks on intruder and then… well… we shall use example from earlier testimony. Recall the fight between Defendant’s brother and another, a tiny swirl of dust and twitch of eye. Now, freeze-frame moment from perspective of Hell’s representative. Off in distance, beyond throngs of warriors, a challenge materializes. Watch subordinates follow orders, attack, and…
Blink
... fall like swaths of cotton before a scythe, as though unequipped to fight. Notice first hint of insecurity but be appeased when many more underlings enter fray, tens of hundreds till interloper is lost under avalanche, hidden from view, until…
Blink
... disbelieve sight as distance halved, transgressor moved from far to middle. Still, take solace for ground taken, dead center, surrounded on all sides by those possessed. Witness leagues of madness, base of Hellion power, move as one to envelope and destroy, when…
Blink
…a sharp, sudden intake of air, the lone alarm activated, sole response to what stands, revealed. Its name, Yin, defined dominant. The last moment of unnecessary existence will be spared from view, ignored for it serves little purpose other than violent titillation. What cannot go unnoticed, is fact. Nothing can oppose, it has no equal, respects no boundary, accepts no leniency. It is, for lack of better terminology, Heaven’s sword and will be used to strike...
Excuse me.
Yes?
Sorry to interrupt, but while evaluating brother do you think…?
Would you like to see how the others fared, your sisters and LeTorque, perhaps?
If it’s not too much trouble.
…
((BREAK))

Session 31: Taste Test
Okay, lesson’s over.
What? No, no, no…
Is something wrong?
I was there, dude, impersonating Melissa, leading LeTorque, post-victorious, about to discover if aliens were the turning type…
Hold on.
Yes?
Was it the only vision given?
No, the first involved Merri Li.
Then, for convenience of chronology and character import, please explain her status.
Oh, sure. Umm… she’s positioned like the others, staged as predicted, in total control of territory, awaiting final decision.
Elaborate.
Not sure what you mean…?
Those with compelling interest have a need to comprehend, contestants in play. They’ve been given impressive images of masculinity’s ability but do not possess, information, opposing genders.
Huh?
They get Wolves, Johnny, what about Vamps?
Right, sorry. Let’s see, easiest way to explain, recreate past events except replace Asian plains with European mountains. As before, uncountable, endless monsters…
Minion.
… whatever, untold numbers of aliens running around stabbing helpless victims with sharp objects, countryside covered with severed flesh, Humans of every type slaughtered, discarded for dead, left to rot, eaten alive. Disgusting and very gruesome. Anyway, act was in mimic mode when…
Boom!
What the…?
Forgive the insertion, it’s easier to replicate instants of time by recreating significant events, such as when the orbiting mini-planet shattered.
Huh?
Moon went boom, now continue.
Okay, repeating again, things were duplicate, Mankind on verge of nothingness, Hell in possessing, everything, when she… uh… didn’t appear.
What?
Remember Yin’s entrance?
Of course.
It’s where things differed, Merri-Li never materialized. Instead, she remained covert, blended, a sliver of glass in raging ocean. As with previous insight, vision invoked from invader-in-charge. It looked to the sky, winced at explosion, glanced down, and…
Flop
… watched each subordinate’s head, one after another, fall away. Kind of like dominoes, discounting fountains of blood spewing from torsos remaining upright for a split snap before succumbing and following the lead of their… uh… thoughtless forerunners.
She remained opaque, entire time?
Almost, took form at very end. Last clip, her face, six inches from menace supplying such thoughts, whispering in mysterious, Matriarchal manner…
“Thanks for the ride.”
… and then…
Slit!
… end of transmission.
Sounds scary.
Dang near wet my pants.
What about the others, Melissa and LeTorque?
Well, their scenarios combined, then differed from previous installations. Instead of recipient, delivery-viewpoint provided. Including a countdown.
Ten
Picture an arcade-game, giant blue display, and the object of attention, small dot, center monitor, growing larger as understanding gains common-ground. Free-falling with four others, each occupying opposing corners, all oriented, identical purpose, same objective.
Nine
A moment for impression to settle, not like earlier versions, positioned aggressively, face forward, minimizing air-drag, maximizing speed, projectile of destructive force. Others onscreen, mirroring motion, five rounds munition, fixed and figured. Peripheral vision revealed partners in play.
Eight
Upper left, stern, non-committal, stone hurling toward target, George, furnished with metal-studded mace, determination written indelibly, bringing reprised figures forecast, firsthand, one of revengeful numbers.
“Seven.”
Top right, equally animated, Phillip, holding sharp, curved construct, barreling from above, oblivious to outside forces, intent on delivering message of dissent, new ending with paramount omission, amended addendum.
“Six.”
Lower left, violent version, Vivian, flash of light, crackle of rage, charging surrounding atmosphere, brandishing slim, stabbing-stylets as substitute solution conceived, conceptualized, and readied for application, fatalistic fashion.
“Five.”
 Bottom right, streak of fire and fury, radiant formulation, Trudy, glowing energy,  garrote grasped with conviction, offering change of opinion, optional idea identified, scrutinized, prioritized, culminating in diametric shift, final assertion, lasting impression.
“Four.”
Main point for focal perception, lens of step-sis Meliss, silently coordinating attack, arms outstretched, aimed aggressively, pinpointing interest amongst innumerable invaders depleting world, ancestral habitation.
“Three.”
Interest intensified as goal identified, unique Hoard, one of utmost position for specific function, closest in geographical terms, ultimate prize. Possession, providing  coverage for future endeavors, important in grander details.
“Two.”
Movement noted as attack recognized, responding volume insufficient, insignificant, casually  acknowledged while perimeter penetrated, split without hesitation, contestants inserted as countermeasures deployed in haste.
“One.”
A simple weave of fiber to correct angle-entry, clothing spun to form resistance, suits worn for aerobatic control in stunt maneuvers, skydivers on display with important distinction. Parachutes neither worn nor requested by those with advanced repair properties.
Wham!
The result, nothing but a jumble of images, flickering film of defenders in death throes, splatter-pattern motifs, dispatched chaos, outcome of higher evolution confronting lesser growth, termination of all who challenge, Superior might.
“Bring it forth.”
 Subsequent scene, creature shuffling to a halt, four arms, matching legs, multiple eyes, shivering from fright, facing enemy. Not hostile, docile, posture of one defeated, making chittering noises. Appeared, pleading its case.
“Remove the armor.”
Stripped bare, skin of amphibious textile, leather-like substance, discolored, ashen nature. Fairly large species. Dexterous, deformed sea-squid, adapted to land, but different, more insectoid… and in a ton of trouble.
“Expose the flesh.”
Separate points of contention, lone figure under consideration, representation, extraterrestrial, intelligent life. Language barrier notwithstanding, infiltration of alien origin conditioned on susceptibility to influence. In other words, possible undead-turncoat from outer-space.
“Tilt the neck.”
Uncertainty of other intentions, reflected in recipient reaction. Creature in surrender pose, crouched low, emitting plaintive noises, producing sympathy sounds. Strange, since evidence of past actions clearly visible. Blood of men and women, smeared dry, a telling clue into alien intention.
“Chitter, chitter, chitter…”
Begging, two-pair upper limbs, placated, praying for leniency, many-faceted orbs reflecting those approaching, beings with retaliation in mind. One of them, personal persona in Melissa mode, paying particular attention to throbbing vein, participant neck.
“Chitter, chitter…”
Closing credit, focusing nearer, object of concentration squirming under scrutiny, irrationally considering chance for longevity, misidentifying true motivations of those in competition. Two Wolves, three Vamps, a turning or something else.
“Chitter…”
Culminating impression, multiple players, single antagonist, alternating ideas of success. Either Zombie-alien insider or casualty-of-war. Anyway, image cleared, sharpened, and then…
Yes?
Nothing, you interrupted.
Oh, right. Would you like to see the conclusion?
Yes, please.
Okay.
“Why you disgusting piece of…!”
Whoa! Didn’t see him coming. Hold on… he looks familiar… isn’t it…?
Yes, Wally Thornburg of Channel Five fame. Apparently his emotions were overcome by bloodlust at the sight of a captured combatant and… well… considering the treatment his news-crew endured in alien custody, he went a little overboard.
Is he using a tripod?
Uh-huh, pretty effective bludgeoning instrument, don’t you think?
Yup.
Anyway, it carries on for little while, eventually involving the camera itself, delivering high-definition carnage in up-close, uncomfortable, detail. Oddly, the act made Wally into a minor celebrity of sorts… at least, to those Humans who survived.
He’s really going at it.
Yes, in the end, nothing but mush remains.
So, no Zombie test?
No, not with the creature under scrutiny.
Ah well, doesn’t matter, plenty of others for experimentation. Besides, got what we came for.
Which was?
Huh?
What was the purpose? Why the assault?
As mentioned, the ships.
And how many did you take? 
All of them.
Thank you.
...
(BREAK)

Interlude 31: Closing Argument
As Confession concludes, a summary. Within one tiny, small portion of inconsequential, galactic space, a planet hung in isolated suspension. Revolving, spinning at a rate incompatible with atmospheric formulation. Sole world away, another globe of similar size and solar positioning sat, supporting subject matter under Supreme consideration. After beta testing revealed structural insecurity, an overly-stable society providing peaceful prosperity without conflict, a change implemented for scientific selection.
“Alter orbit…”
“Redirect by asteroid strike, moon…”
(Note: Supreme End; Superior Start, Interlude 29)
Both Earth and Mars, intertwined, while one dissolved, other aligned as magnetic pull of stellar object slowed rotation, encouraged gaseous exchange, produced environment agreeable for life. The transformation did not occur overnight, taking shape, developing logically, rationally, letting Nature work wonders, waiting for conditions to optimize.
“See you around, Nat.”
“ Goodbye, Hercules.”
(Note: Deity Downfall; Deliberate Design, Interlude 29)
When time arrived, the first introduced, a being of lore, long past remembered acts. As subjects evolved, retaining base instinct, improving deficiency, separating those with higher purpose, a symbiotic relationships formed, those between Werewolf and Vampire.
“Hello.”
“Hi.”
(Note: Perfected Pair; Predetermined Partnership, Interlude 26)
Lone species, dual genders, unbound potential, uninhibited desire to dominate. Stress factors inserted for prolonged purification. Fire, flood, freeze, and famine, major events of control and assessment, ignited to inspire progress, stimulate thought, promote proper pathos.
 “… we’ll control ours…”
“… then take the rest.”
(Note: Past, Present, and Future; Mottos to Follow, Interlude 28)
Other entities intermingled, constructed scientifically or offshoots of Superior lineage. Either way, secondary actors to leading characters in a play with universal implications. While neither of the lesser deemed sufficient for antagonistic actions, each employed developmentally.
“… I’m Greg, a Neander who loves...”
“… name’s Dick, Human with a ...”
(Note: Supporting Cast; Inferior Qualifications, Interlude 3)
Mankind survived, cave-life died, and new world-order emerged, economics added to strengthen resolve. The Clans arose, divided land equally, and began implementing ideas of Convene design. Most notably, hierarchal control.
“To my new subjects, hello, I am Mistress…”
“… all understand, they will start acting civilized…”
(Note: Madam Demands; Inferior Obligations, Interlude 6)
Unlimited wealth fed stimulation, imaginings morphed to reality, shaping thoughts, transferring power among the impotent, allowing mortal subordinates to conduct squalid affairs while maintaining command, if neither seen nor recognized.
“How much…?”
“One copper. But it’s worth it. I heard…”
(Note: Market Manipulation; Matriarchal Monitory Policy, Interlude 13)
With funds secured by controlling interest in material production, a divergent path chosen for investment, foreseen probability. Technical experimentation undertaken, exploring and expanding theories, predefined in confidential consult.
“… machines will fly, disease will die…”
“… all will venture to space…”
(Note: Proposed Prediction; Imparted Advice, Interlude 12)
Not satisfied with partial exploitation of resources available, experimentation performed to seek maximum use from goods and services, providing viral life to those unwilling or ill-equipped, adaptation, social expectations.
“It’s…!”
“… FrankandStein!”
(Note: Altered Afterlife; Mortal Madness, Interlude 25)
Employing both mind and body of Inferiority, the globe constructed uniformly, prodding discovery by financial reward, provoking insights through competitive action, allowing curiosity of continuation to thrive in Humanity, intervening when failure found unfortunate.
“What happened?”
“The President’s been shot!”
(Note: Higher Calling; Lowered Coffin, Interlude 18)
At current time, in this moment, three factions remain. Each equally divided and poised to end scientific speculation. A third of those, defined within African-European borders, governed and led by a Vampire with worldly appeal, Mistress Merri Li.
“… so marvelous.”
“… and divine.”
(Note: Contestant One; Matriarch, First Clan, Interlude 13)
Half the remaining habitable landmass, from northern Asia to southern Australia, allocated to Wolf of such standing, presence alone protects sibling rule, next door, one neighbor down. A beast of unspeakable deed, heir to Satan itself, Yin, assigned reigning-class category.
“… the biggest, baddest, most intimidating figure ever...”
“… doesn’t care about lesser…”
(Note: Contestant Two; Alpha Wolf, Second Clan, Session 4)
Remainder of fought-for territory, upper and lower Americas, under domain, blended subject matter, two mated pair and another with genetic ties to advanced  participants, the LeTorque and Madam Melissa.
“Hello, children…”
“… retaking what we own...”
(Note: Contestants Three; Subdivided Superior Family, Interlude 7)
And so, with nothing left to add, this concludes presentation and we await, verdict. If positive, subjects will be afforded opportunity of closure with commencement of hostilities followed by detailed, outlined, specifically designed, pre-programmed termination orders. If not, same shall happen, though the ending, a decidedly different affair. Again, thank you, and may enlightenment guide the way.
…

Session 32: Enough of…
Congratulations.
Huh?
You won, judicial judgement, Sanctuary granted.
Okay…?
It means, you’re free , past actions expunged from record, anything of dubious distinction, eliminated and irretrievable. A new beginning, so to say, one where history reworded in folktale, painted in familiar hue, giving benefit of doubt, overlooking previous slights.
What?
Your sins have been forgiven, in Heaven’s ledger, pronounced innocent, not guilty by decree, a blameless soul within wretched villainy. Quite the unique position to be in.
Really?
Of course. Please, be aware, we’re not oblivious, readily recognize the unattainable standard set to achieve transcendence. As such, the accomplishment, nearly unprecedented, only a sprinkle of sand in endless wasteland, rarest of gems, lambs among the wicked.
Sorry…?
You’ve been awarded the extraordinary, Johnny, power to choose without consequence. Whatever deals, bargains, or contracts endorsed, null and void, unenforceable, lacking standing. No need to contemplate actions, any who feel betrayed, at peace with decision, swayed by opinion, convinced unconditionally.
Still not…?
Don’t worry about it. Understand, we empathize, whomever chosen leaves others behind. Your talent of complacency, tilting likelihood, ultimate survivor. Not an easy spot to occupy when realizing, opting for one impels forsaking the others.
True.
But don’t you see? The verdict confirms conclusion. Whoever prevails, pre-accepted, and those who lose, complicit in the process. Nobody will seek revenge, option off-limit, the idea, unthinkable to all…
Even your kind?
Yes, Heaven’s word is not given lightly, never employed randomly, enforced ruthlessly, with everlasting vigilance. Be assured, whether Wolf or Vamp, victor will be entitled reward. We have no bias, remain noncommittal, maintain neutral intention. Truth is, we don’t care if choice omitted or included. Nothing can stop them now. Remain on the sideline if one wishes, it makes no difference, they will respond. And when they do…
Why are you looking at me…?
Time’s up.
 Huh?
Make a choice.
Oh, that… Hey, I can say…!
Yes, with Testimonial’s conclusion, witnesses were excused and rules for audible description rescinded per normal…
… that, that, that…
Sigh.
...
(Break)

Session 33: Surprise Endings 
… that.
You done?
Yep.
Then announce your decision.
Okay, but first, a little clarity, please?
Sure.
Thanks. All right, um… where do we stand?
Sanctuary has been granted.
Which means…?
You’re under our protection. Absolutely no one, Hell itself, may do you harm.
Cool.
Yes, it is cool.
So, what does it insure? Can I can run out and kill someone?
Were you planning, murderous behavior?
No.
Too bad, would’ve been covered. As it stands, the answer is negative, one may not commit crimes with impunity. Discounting, those under consideration when coverage provided.
Sorry…?
Immunity is historically based, events previously enacted or under construction, if neither present, the gift, immaterial. Essentially, you’ve been re-born, all associations from the past, incised, at liberty to do as one wishes, without fear of violating previous obligations.
A clear conscience.
Exactly.
All picks, acceptable? What about one in obscurity, under the radar, not openly obvious? Is security guaranteed then?
Absolutely, if for some unforeseeable reason, a differing subject selected, the services, uncompromised. Your sisters, Yin, the LeTorque combined, forbidden from retaliatory measures. At least, where personal welfare concerned.
But whomever chosen?
You, of everyone, know the answer. What, in one’s opinion, are the odds of Superior survival, even cloaked, against a family member, genetic or bonded?
Um… probably zero.
Precisely zero, Johnathon. Don’t fool oneself, we applaud position attained, hitched to top contenders, and congratulate accordingly. But also realize, the influence diminishes as numbers dwindle. Eventually, as programmed, terminating with prime-number decent. Eleven becoming nine, expelling seven, revealing five. Inevitably, providing solitary satisfaction, Nature’s remedy to Hellion infection. Therefore, to get things started, decide. One way or another, choose.
And I’ve got your promise…?
Yes, you have Heaven’s blessing, hence, no need for concern. To reiterate, indifference, make a wish, snuff it out, or sit back and watch candle melt. Again, not of concern, time arrived, end at hand. We admit a smidge of curiosity, predictions based on options with Yin leading and Merri Li close behind. The appeal of teamwork, though, blunts individuality with collective  accomplishment lending Melissa and LeTorque added style-points, culminating in too-close-to-call conditions.
Huh?
It’s just us, Johnny, jury dismissed. Who’s it going to be? Your brother, a sisterly sibling, maybe George or Vivian…?
Daemon.
Who…? Hold on, the child?
Yep.
There is no evidence…
Uh-huh, been talking about him the entire process, hooked up to serum no less, providing truth, he is the one and only.
Yes, partially correct, you did mention the figure. And we believe. At least, we believe, you believe.
What?
The entire testimony rings honest, everything recalled, investigated. Timeline of events, persons of particular interest, even the Inferior Broadcast System, all verified. Except one, unidentified Superior. The story stands on its own with or without its presence. As if a recreation of reality recited and character added in afterthought, filler so to speak. We’re sorry, but other than one’s word, there is no credible proof…
Is too, you’re just not searching correctly.
Explain.
Okay, but remember, you guaranteed…
Get on with it.
Fine. How many ships are accounted for, Nat?
Whose, Hellion’s?
Yes.
As stated earlier, all except those lost in…
Are you sure?
...
(BREAK)

Dialogue
Where is it?
Sakes alive!
Oh, for the love of…
Lord above!
Just a second, were you in witness…?
Yes.
Sorry, must have overlooked the…
Thought you said, alone and done with procedure.
We are, so far as the testimonial part, not interrogation, entirety. Confession is still underway and… well… things happen. All right, it’s reset, historical recall removed. However, for factual accounting purposes, state the main emphasis or memory impression.
It was General Meade.
Oh, must have been exciting.
Dude, thing was straight from far-away, fantasy-land. Guy’s nuts, completely insane. When scene opened, sat watching a world through territorial lenses, aloft, inside Earthen military jet, acting bait, targeted by Hell’s warships which opened fire with streaks of light, ammunition intended for maximum damage. Braced for impact when, last instant…
Pop
… ejection seat deployed. Flung clear as vision rotated, bringing sight of plane, mortally struck…
Ka-pow!
… before pivoting body toward foe, unfolding like a switchblade, and navigating gravity’s pull as collision-course planned, plotted, produced. Understood with complete conviction, route taken, successful and sure. One instant, slipping air, and the next…
Rip!
… removing outside, metallic hatch to reveal inside, alien aeronautics. Pilot, tossed like paper to sky as obsidian oval eyes reflected fear upon realization…
Hell is no match for…
They’re not even speed bumps, my friend. Technology not too different. Easy to compromise as the General revealed by stabilizing, redirecting, and landing commandeered vehicle. Then, following procedure, obtaining another Inferior airliner saved for particular purpose and performing same maneuver anew. Only faster. And bloodier. Thought it peculiar during free-fall episode, enemy’s lack of aerial defense, but now know why. Grand theft auto, ten-thousand feet high.
Interesting, but do you think…?
The missing ship?
Yes, where…?
No idea, maybe cruising around Venus. Before asking, don’t, wasn’t my plan. Girls came up with the idea of hiding tyke till culmination of endgame and waiting for deciding confrontation. Mentioned, might be advisable to delay final battle and oppose tyrant with full complement of Wolves and Madams but informed…
“Sweetie, we don’t do such things, singular Challenge is nonnegotiable. Doesn’t matter if he is the savior of Superiority, he’s one of us, and will be afforded the same opportunities upon maturation as any other...”
What are you talking about?
Do you recall when Vivian voiced…?
“… the best diversions, never get…”
Yes.
Well, she wasn’t talking about Hell, she was speaking of Heaven. Or, more precisely, you.
What are you saying…?
Sorry, buddy, your system was compromised. When the salvo to space was shot and Hell responded, a mountain of debris, created. One second later, when Moon dissipated, things really got messy and chaos ensued. It’s probably what confounded programming. If you look, bet there’s a rounding mistake…

Dialogue Duet
Found it.
Yaagh!
Toughen up. All right, diagnostics run and error spotted, sensors inconclusive where material integrity concerned. Known numbers of invasion transports, recalibrated to comply with sheet-balancing policies.
Huh?
Things are tracked at atomic levels. Exact makeup, precise molecular positioning of advanced compounds recorded, noted, stored for further study.
Still not…?
If something enters a realm, anywhere, notice is taken. An example, ice planet. Inside, lump of stone surrounded by frozen water. Substitute slightest possibility, somehow, one iron atom found the core and incident isolated, investigated, inventoried. Same as invading fleet. All ships identified, disassembled digitally, components analyzed and memorialized. Essentially, particulate mass-measurement. Even a vessel, imploded or otherwise, leaves trace material when destroyed. They may be scattered throughout a certain region but remain. Which means, they can be found. Confoundedly…
The craft can’t be located.
Precisely, nor any remnants, seems the machine never existed, though known inversely. Those most unworthy, observed from onset and quantified respectively. Odd, to one without precognition, appears the universe, slightly smaller in scale.
It’s Daemon.
Not possible.
Is too. Remember, kid’s like me, only better. Wolf and Vamp combined.
Let’s see if we comprehend correctly. You’re indicting, the subject in question can elude detection by exploiting a loop-hole in observational principles and, at current time, is in control of an alien aircraft hidden by locational affiliation.
Yep.
And proof of existence is the glitch itself, error in said system?
Uh-huh. Well, it and your own recollection, considering, introduced already.
Johnny, we’re not talking about second-person recognition, description of character under Confessional coercion does not equal representation without additional, substantiating confirmation…
No, not previous testimony. In memorial, you’ve met personally.
When?
Recall, deep, dark ,honky-tonk tavern transformed to conform with Convention coding, Third Clan Council called to order, a Challenge issued by LeTorque, unwisely accepted, and amidst the process a revelation, acceptance, awareness of prodigy in attendance as child produced…
Lucifer’s heir.
Bingo.
(Note: Superior Production; Implanted Alteration. Ref. 41)
But… one moment… there’s never been another sighting…
Nor should there be. Once more, recollect the talent employed. Single glimpse to confirm suspicion then complete lockdown till remembrance fades, fogs, and forgets. Frankly, it wasn’t hard to keep the secret. Lad’s propensity to disappear, somewhat trying for those placed in charge.
“Has anyone seen…?”
Can’t recall the number of incidents, identical expressions crossed facial-lines when looking around for umpteenth time to discover…
“Son of a…”
… he slipped the bonds of supervision and post-search, generally found making spectacular messes of scary situations.
“Let go of its tail.”
“But, Uncle Johnny…”
“Sorry, Daemon, alligators are not slingshots…”
But anyway, our chore was to keep existence, shrouded in anonymity, masked by personal proximity, allowing image to dissipate, entangle with the everyday-ordinary circumstance and become more fantasy than fact.
And the others, aware?
Uh-huh, well… a few. Those with inherited bloodlines are fully conscious, my brother, sisters, and LeTorque. But everyone else reacts otherwise, recognition when confronted, followed by compartmentalization and forgetfulness, forthwith.
Huh?
He’s like an inoperable tumor, nothing can be done so no point dwelling, easier to ignore than accept, go on with life as though nonexistent, disillusioned, a phantom in the mist…
One second.
All right.
Just to summarize. You came here under dubious intentions, pleading Sanctuary, all the while stalling for time as your kind concealed an advanced prodigy in purloined craft whose whereabouts are, as of now, unknown. In other words, a Superior of untapped, unmeasured potential is on the loose, unsupervised, in outer-space. Is this correct?
Um… yes.
We should kill you right now.
Wait.
Why?
Because, he can be found. At least, think so. Two important questions need answering, though.
Which are?
Is it easier to locate living organisms or inanimate objects? Put another way, can you discern a non-wiggling worm among mounds of municipal garbage?
Yes, life is fashioned with building blocks, proteins structured in such ways as to produce efficiency. Naturally, the design, intricate yet orderly…
Huh?
We can identify mosquitos within tornados, Johnny.
Cool. Okay, second pondering. Is the universe forgiving? Can insects survive the cold, empty void, maybe on a comet?
No, as with all higher creatures, those dwelling in physical form, dependent upon atmospheric conditions including proper temperature, correct gases, abundant resources…
Sorry?
Bugs die in isolation.
Good to know. Ptew.
Why…? Hold on… what did you spit out?
Evidence.
Is it…?
Uh-huh, Speedy’s lost leg, kept it as a souvenir, reminder of what could be. It’s odd, observing blind-spots, all have one. My kind only count down, never up. Ticking time-bombs, voluntary victims. Yours, ignore inferior interests, failures remain unrewarded. Successful yet static. Daemon… well, he’s one of a kind. Superiority summed and totaled. Pretty much all-powerful, nothing but perfection. An unopposable, undetectable, lethal, sentient virus. Exactly what Heaven’s looking for except…
He’s like you.
Exactly, which means, only way to catch him, locate the blind-spot. In his case…
The spider.
Correct, creepy sidekick, sole creature allowed within presence. Can’t find nephew, but little pet’s a different game. One particular molecular pattern further defined by seven limbs, not eight. Singular, specific creature surviving outside hospitable space, with explicit genetic code-markings identical to exhibit in hand. Granted, it’s small, needle in haystack size. But if it’s made of metal and magnet possessed...
Give it…
Sure, one condition. I plead case directly, no interference, monitor-free, Superior kind only, outsiders unwelcomed and uninvited. Need to explain situation, change minds, issue course correction, beg forgiveness without interruption. Something, only you can provide. In return, the answer sought, living embodiment of infection, entity with the might and right to challenge all. Right here, palm of hand, form of spider-part.
You know, we could easily confiscate...
How? By force? It’s called stealing, we’re in Confessional and Sanctuary granted by Heaven itself. Under what inane argument would you propose…?
All right, we won’t take it. Still not positive…
What’s to lose? We’re on the same side, right now. But when you finally deduce reality…. well… what’s the scientific step, post-solution?
Evaluation.
Uh-huh. Clarify, it works as predicted. And what better way to test primal weapon than confronting previous definition. Now, I’m not saying we’ll succeed, but the odds are better whole than individual. It’s conceivable, together, an upset in the making. Afterward, we’ll resume as before and result repeated, Alpha Superior selection. A win for your kind, either way around.
Intriguing, but still…
It’s not much. The amount of time from reception of evidence till location verification. During interceding interval, allow wishes to be heard by those of personal heritage, bound by birthing bonds, blood-related. Just an added chapter to Confession with sole caveat, privacy of consultation.
Uniquely Superior.
Yes, it involves us, no one else. We must unite to continue. Every moment he gets stronger, faster, wiser. Which reminds, you might want to rush decision. Eventually, Daemon will ditch Speedy, and if not under surveillance when it happens…
An invisible pathogen released upon innumerous, unsuspecting worlds.
Yes.
Do you have any idea what your actions have done?
Um… strangely, affirmative. Been explaining everything so…
The amount of research, sheer volume of scientific speculation, all in peril because a subject of experimentation is unaccounted for, on purpose. Goodness, Johnathon, we might need to erase an entire timeline, eradicate trillions of planets to purge the system.
Yeah, sorry, couldn’t find another way, our kind programmed to dominate, not cooperate. The answer, compel obedience via salvation. Him versus us. Not ideal, but gives time. Once finished, each to their own. So what’s it going to be? Evidence of existence… or the alternative.
You realize, position taken, in open opposition. If allowed, a severance instituted, Heaven’s blessings rescinded, prayers unanswered. It will be your last will, final confession, end to higher relationship, a denial of further, eternal support.
Understood.
And the testimony, limited to your kind only, blood specific?
Mine and mine alone.
Deal.
…

Monologue
Psst… still there? If so, great, possibly sane. If not, pretty lame, talking to air, self-denial, full display. So be it. Won’t bother with minor things, the major stuff, though, goes like so…
“… an ever-changing, always expanding…”
(Note: Session 24)
The universe is multi-faceted, an infinite number of variations with one thing in common, differing vibrations at the base, below sub-particulates, encompassing all and defining boundaries.
“… for if something’s possible, it’s not only probable, it’s inevitable. Furthermore… it’s occurred before, will repeat again, and is currently happening…”
(Note: Session 30)
Nothing is new, everything exists at once, the difference is pulsation variation. As planets are born they evolve and die, irrespective of time. There is no now and then, only alternate paths of observation.
“… the past is merely perception…”
(Note: Session 30)
The future is not something shaped, it’s already set, innumerably, all forms taken. At any instance, dependent on position, all might arise. In one scenario, being is king. In another, a filthy peasant under threat of lash and leash. Polar opposites with equal claims to factuality. The sole separation is point of view. Hence, if a certain outcome preferred such as perfected biological weaponry, merely locate correct timeline and employ entity available. There is but one problem.
“… direct interaction brings paradox and self-destruction…”
(Note: Session 30)
The very nature of multiverse specialization is antagonistic to outside influence. A prime example is the piano. Hit a key, hear a note. Play in coordinating pattern and music emerges. Speed and force make no difference for the melody, still in tune. But incorporate a second sound, concurrent with first, and tone changes. Introduction of external forces alters the fabric of reality and produces, transformation. What was desired, no longer present. There remains a sole solution.
“… prophecy, the foretelling, propellant purpose…”
(Note: Session 31)
Indirect interaction is the process by which control is exerted through subconscious means. Whether folklore, religious doctrine, or self-proclaimed epiphany, the way forward, revealed. It should not surprise, modern advances inextricably linked to previous thoughts and theories. Aircraft, skyscrapers, communication consoles, all predicted and postulated, generally posthumously. They were not lucky guesses or simple coincidence.
“… frequency is key…”
(Note: Session 26)
Life resembles a computer-simulation with data replacing experience and surrounding mood, inputs of background material. To access, a code required and the process, step by step. Imagine a role-playing game with genre, adventure, and character included. First is generalized and holds, unique signature. Second, localized, additional variable attached. Third, specialized, with added identification at the end. All three, necessary for character recognition, two will only go so far. Each simultaneously vibrates with others and universally, same. The sole differentiation is frequency with tone and pitch for clarity.
“… hit save to set home base…”
(Note: Session 30)
As with life, game’s goal, an obscure target and acquisition elusive. Nothing more tedious than following a trail running cold. Therefore, those who attempt the tasks assign certain sign posts, known places of construct for return if quest proves unfruitful, or worse yet, damaging to cause. In the event of failure, resume at previous location and restart with knowledge of ventures and dangers ahead. It’s where this story began.
“Where were you when…?”
(Note: Session 2)
Timing is everything. If one constantly updated events to conform, current conditions, nothing gets accomplished, years become millennia and those above, lose patience. Therefore, posts, zones, and havens are provided, although employed cautiously. One of those, the moment Heaven’s existence revealed.
“… someone who could somehow enter the consciousness of everybody, everywhere, at the same time…” 
(Note: Session 7)
Dreams, revelations, divinations, all forms of insight designed to produce, intended result. Used in mass-media fashion to foretell alien invasion and implanted, world-wide, regardless of status, Inferior or Superior. In other words, embedded visions, inevitable outcomes.
“… subconsciously doing the bidding…”
(Note: Session 31)
Decisions are not coerced, instead, intuition, predetermined by implantation, a foregone conclusion. An example is the ocean, desired destination for each unique snowflake settling, season before, mountains high, ranges away. All designed with single purpose, reach the sea. As is Nature’s way, the course graded in such manner as to produce solution with sloped curve and gravity, deciding factors. As is also history, alternate paths provided for survival’s interest, this is one.
“We’ll incinerate the…”
(Note: Session 1)
The words should verify speculation as to purpose. If not, maybe due to amnesia, medication, or simply a furtherance of sincerity’s certainty, a recap of who, what, where, and why. The reason, we are here.
“It’s not what you were made for.”
(Note: Session 21)
Nat is neither friend nor enemy, a being from another planet overseeing creation, dominant representation. Not good nor bad, experimental with neutrality, stated position. The process, elimination by attrition till pinnacle produced.
“…Heaven’s Champion.”
(Note: Session 31)
To those in charge, Superiors are subject material, scientific research with purpose. Physical power, purest form. The result, perfected predator. Place on planet, release, nothing more. Anything encountered, overtaken, overcome, overrun. Nothing can withstand for they are as programmed, unrelenting aggression. Only problem, unsuspected success.
“Who… hold on, the child?”
(Note: Session 32)
Ignorance is blissfully arrogant, belief in primacy overriding observation. So enthralled with outcome, secondary solution overlooked, unnoticed, in absentee. He cannot see for the design, intended to deceive.
“There is no evidence…”
(Note: Session 32)
From onset, the child’s purpose, veiled, rumors of birth, revealed, then erased. It’s Daemon’s power, same as own, receding thought, lost to time, stored in isolation, remembered, misplaced, till seated face to face.
“What are you…?”
(Note: Session 32)
In a few moments, Carmen will come rushing down the aisle…
“Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap…”
(Note: Session 3)
… and plane, run out of gas…
“We’re going down!”
(Note: Session 2)
… which, oddly, provides options. To keep perspective, a subjective opinion, Nat is more powerful, further progressed, inconceivably advanced than anything encountered. An entity of time, able to manipulate matter and alter Nature’s design. Do not underestimate, threat provided. Will Daemon be captured? Can the child be contained if confined? Interesting problems to consider. Also irrelevant. So long as anonymity maintained, future flexible. As it is, following the timeline given, single fact remains. Kid Superior, all others, lesser. Troubling existence, in need of restructure.
“What should I…?”
(Note: Session 3)
As probably guessed, there is a predictable outcome. Don’t know when attack will commence but certain, extinction follows onset. We cannot fight the future for he is us, we are him. Sadly, incompatible, one must go.
“… in the end, there will be but…”
 (Note: Session 5)
If not comprehending, entire recording, however received, coming from elsewhere, another dimension, one tick away. A silent broadcast at Confessional conclusion, purposely fabricated to produce, singular result.
“Limited to your kind only?”
(Note: Session 33)
Logically, those above will act prudently, sensibly backtracking to safe-haven provided, implanting Savior’s destiny, updating Superior lore. To do so, a time chosen, one within era of possibility. Preferably employed before.
“... when you made Heaven’s presence...”
(Note: Session 1)
After tutorial ends, time begins. Don’t see a lot of options. Oh, we’ll give it our best shot, fight till the end, and if things go perfectly, possibly prevail. Probably not. Reason why, passing torch, waving goodbye.
“… one cannot be in two places at once…”
(Note: Session 30)
Fork in road, branch of tree, from artery, sprouted capillary. New beginnings, continued growth. Maintaining past as direction altered and future unknown, right or wrong, action dependent. But alterable. And infinite.
“… guess this is it.”
(Note: Session 6)
Rewrite the story, plan anew, plot with thought, tread where others dare not. Everything available, nothing excluded, totality within reach, including, concluding reality. If left alone, certainty follows. Plane goes down, alien’s invade, Apocalypse arrives. Not preferred, edition needed. So pick a spot, the placement of one, miniscule molecule…
“… little drop of me...”
(Note: Session 3)
… and make the change. But do it bright. Take Dimples out for a test ride, parachute or otherwise, doesn’t matter with Superior skills at hand.
“Remember, I saved your…”
(Note: Session 4)
Anyway, hope things work out as planned, so long, pleasant dreams, and may life’s journey be interesting.
Yours truly,
You.
References
1) Existential Proclamation; Hellion Arrival
“Of Superior Design”, Matt Rogers, 2013, Smashwords Publishing, Chapter 42
“Are you the Messiah? Is this the beginning of the Apocalypse?” Tim asked.
Nobody was certain of their fate for to be sinless meant living without sin which took a lot of fun out of life so most dropped to their knees in prayer.
“No, Tim, I am not the Messiah.”
And jumped to their feet with joy.
“Thank God!”
People broke out in dance and song at the great news of the Messiah not yet returning to issue judgment.
“But you’re from Heaven?” Tim asked as he recovered his breath after learning he still had time to visit a church and beg forgiveness for the thousands of sins he had done the previous week.
“Yes, I’m from Heaven. It’s a planet, Tim, not the afterlife as you would know it.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

2) Superior Division; World Domination
“The Wolves of Third Clan”, Matt Rogers, 2013, Smashwords Publishing, Chapter 33
So, we went back inside the honky-tonk nightclub and…
“Nat?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“There’s only two Matriarchs ruling right?”
“Yes.”
“What if it’s a tie?”
“It can’t be.”
“Why not?”
“Because Melissa is the third Matriarch so if there’s a tie she’ll rule in your favor.”
“Oh.”
So we strolled up to the dance floor, took our places in the torchlight, and…
“We rule the LeTorque are Clan Elder of Third Clan.”
… every Wolf howled.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

3) Superior Subterfuge; Nuclear Annihilation
“Of Superior…”  Chapter 42
Nuclear war was at hand. The only question remaining was who would be first to cross the line and let the machines take over.
“Hello, everyone, this is Nick Price with a Channel Five News Special Interruption. We have terrible events to report. Both China and Russia have teamed up together and are threatening to attack the American homeland if the United States does not release the communist Cuban dictator and relinquish control of the islands. We are going live to Wally Thornburg who is on the scene at the United Nations. Wally, are you there?”
The reporter who was winning the minds if not the hearts of viewers everywhere appeared.
“I’m standing right here, Nick!”
The scene changed and a confused anchorman appeared.
“Okay, Wally, what do you have to tell us on the breaking developments?”
A shift of picture revealed Wally removing a flask from his mouth.
“Okay, all-righty! You see, we’ve got a whole bunch of countries who seem to think a whole bunch of other countries are on their land or something like that” he said, nodding once and saying nothing else.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

4) Birth of Humanity; Superior Mistake
“The Wolves…” Chapter 7
“We need Human blood in order to deliver our young.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean you needed to repeat the sentence, I meant, well, it’s just an expression of incredulity.”
“Oh, I guess it is pretty incredible when you first hear about it. Remember me saying we found a way to bear young by combining our blood?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Well, it worked pretty well for a while but even it had a few unfortunate flaws, one of which was diluting the blood so much as to make it virtually unrecognizable as Werewolf or Vampire. The mixing of too many Superiors’ blood allowed the Vampire to bear the child but it came out diluted itself.”
“Huh?”
“The children of the over-diluted blood didn’t have the advantages which distinguish us from others on this planet.”
“Huh?”
“The children were weaker than us, had a slower healing process and were susceptible to diseases.”
“Uh-huh.”
“They became the other dominate life form on the planet.”
“Uh- huh.”
“The Humans, Johnny.”
“The Humans what, George?”
“The over-diluted Superiors became what you would call Human.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

5) Channel Five Exclusive; Interview with Heaven
“Of Superior…” Chapter 42
“I have an interview with the Alien, Nick.”
As Tim answered the image of Nat Hallowed appeared, standing next to the lad in limelight while on the opposite side the anchorman of the past was breaking down in tears as dreams of smoked brisket went wafting out of reach.
“Mr. Hallowed, thank you agreeing to this interview.”
“You’re welcome, Tim.”
The first question was always the hardest for it set the tone and made a statement. Would it be hard-hitting or a soft-ball? Would the questioner be in charge or answer to the questionee? All of those thoughts ran through the combined minds of the control booth button-pushers who had no answers for they were not schooled in the fine art of pondering. They didn’t know how to state a sentence in such a way where a response was required.
“Mr. Hallowed, what should we call you?”
They were amazed at the youth’s amazing talent of knowing precisely how to start an investigative story of such remarkable consequence.
“Call me Nat.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

6) Molecular Identification; Elemental Spyware
“The Wolves…” Chapter 8
“Yes, sorry Sweetie, if you think Big Brother is bad wait till you get a load of the Big-Green-Spying-Machine” Vivian replied with the most delectable chuckle.
“How can they do that? Do we have transistors imbedded in us or something?”
“Something close. They monitor us chemically.”
“Chemically?”
“Sure. Every organism on Earth has a chemical makeup, the higher the organism the more diverse the chemical makeup. The Heavens devised a way to categorize us according to species.”
 “Oh my God! Can they see us at all times?”
“Well, kind of; they can tell between species, Sweetie, like the difference between us and Humans or the difference between Humans and apes so they can sort of narrow it down as it were.”
“Then how…?”
“There’s only so many of us, Johnny, and we’re very territorial so they usually have a good idea of where we are but even so…” said George.
 (return to ‘Yours Truly’)

7) Heavenly Surveillance; Interstellar Espionage
“The Wolves…” Chapter 6
“Are you an angel or something?”
“Nope, just a green alien.”
“Okay, I have no idea what to say.”
“It’s okay, it’ll all make sense in a second. So anyway, I come from Heaven and I’ve been tasked with monitoring your little green Earth and I must say it’s been a blast. You people are by far the most interesting subjects I’ve come across in eons.”
“How old are you?”
“Pretty old.”
“What, like a hundred?”
“Let’s say I’m old enough to know better.”
“Not an answer, Detective.”
“Yes, I know. Well, on with my story. My people have been cultivating your planet for quite some time and…”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

8) Pregnancy Proscription; No Child Left Behind Act
“The Wolves…” Chapter 6
“Their blood. They were living off their own blood while hibernating. Now, this may not seem like a big deal to you or me but to those guys it was really revving up their immune systems because they weren’t going through the usual process of digestion and waste removal; it’d already been done before. They were eating the fish and birds, digesting the food, removing the impurities and then storing the untainted blood for reuse. What they were getting was pure, refined, untainted Vampire and Werewolf blood. Not only that, it was their own blood. This had the effect of strengthening their already advanced immune systems to the point where virtually anything not genetically identical to themselves was seen as an invader, a virus so to speak.”
“So?”
“So when the Vampires became pregnant their own bodies viewed the unborn child as an unwanted virus.”
“Their own bodies killed the unborn baby?”
“No, it doesn’t work like that. Their bodies couldn’t do anything about the unborn child residing in them at the time but what it could do was develop antibodies to prevent the same thing happening again.”
“I don’t get it.”
“Johnny, when you’re born you’re basically a blank slate when it comes to your immune system. Your body can’t tell the difference between good bacteria like those living in your gut helping with digestion and bad ones like measles or the chicken pox. So when you first start out you let everything in and only after you’ve realized one type is bad do you start to make preparations about stopping it from reoccurring.”
“And the Vampires immune system viewed the unborn child as…?”
“A bad thing.”
“And developed antibodies to…?”
“Stop it from ever happening again.”
“So they…?”
“Can only get pregnant once.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

9) Undead Verification; Human-Vampire Transaction
“The Wolves…” Chapter 13
“What do you have to offer?”
“A second chance” she said.
“A second chance?”
“Yes.”
“Are you going to make me pull this out of you one question at a time, Trudy?”
“No, sorry, sometimes I forget you don’t know who you are.”
I chose not to respond to that cryptic sentence and instead waited for her to explain how in the world getting your blood sucked out of you to help a Vampire’s embryo cope with her oversensitive immune system would, in any way, lead to a second chance.
“Johnny, the blood the Humans give allows the unborn child to grow without needing to fight the Vampire’s immune system which views the child as an invader. We readily admit we previously took Humans unwillingly and used them for sustenance and we’re sorry, well, as sorry as we can be for using another organism to provide life for our next generation. Anyway, that was in the past and now we use willing subjects and in return we give them a taste of our blood.”
“A taste of your blood?”
“Yes, after the transfusion the Humans are afforded the opportunity to receive some of the pregnant Vampire’s blood in exchange for providing their own. It’s a win-win opportunity, something which very rarely happens in a person’s lifetime and we’re almost never rebuked with the offer.”
“What does Vampire blood do to Humans?”
“It allows them to hold off death for as long as the blood is viable. It eliminates all pain and suffering while it’s in circulation. It is, in fact, a second and last chance to do anything they wish and are physically capable of before the blood runs its course.”
“How the heck does it do that?”
“Well, death and life, pain and pleasure are all ruled at the molecular level. Cancer is a mutated cell unable to perform it’s necessary function. Heart disease is the result of damaged cells unable to contract and therefore unable to deliver the blood necessary for the survival of the other cells down the circulatory line. Vampire blood consists of cells and antibodies which stop any more growth and spread of the damaged or mutated cells.”
“So what, they heal the people?”
“No, they put the process of death or misery on hold.”
“For how long?”
“For as long as the Vampire blood remains in their circulation.”
“So they could technically stay alive forever?”
“Well, forever’s an impossibility, eventually the carbon you’re made with will decay but for the sake of argument, yes, they could technically stay alive for a very, very long time.”
“What’s the longest anyone’s ever stayed alive?”
“That’s what we’re here to find out.”
“Huh?”
“Bob and Steve. If you’ve known them for three months then they’re definitely in the running for the longest surviving Zombies on record.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

10) Superior Resistance; Anti-bodies and Traumatic Response
“The Wolves…” Chapter 14
“Every cell in your body carries a genetic code, a blueprint as it were, telling the cell exactly what you are to look like, how tall you are, what color your hair is and all the other mundane stuff which makes you who you are.”
“Okay.”
“Every cell carries the exact same information as the other cells; it’s just a heart cell performs the functions of the part of the code relating only to it. It has the information to be a hair cell, for example, but doesn’t use it because it’s a heart cell and not a hair cell. Now, within the code are many bridges and pathways which can be opened or closed depending on the individual such as whether someone is born with, let’s say, blindness. The eye cell has the information to be a perfectly functioning seeing instrument but somewhere in the code a bridge has been shut off and the necessary chemicals needed to perform its function never reach it because they’re told not to.”
“So my code chose not to turn on the Werewolf cells?”
“Something like that. The Werewolf cells you’re talking about are pure and perfect cells used to make muscle tissue or fibroblasts or…”
“What are fibroblasts?”
“Healing cells which repair tissue.”
“You mean the ones which let Phillip get shot in the head and live?”
“Yes, and the ones which let you get bitten by a Zombie and not have the bite marks to prove it.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

11) Undead Organic Organization; Earthworm Segmentation
“The Wolves…” Chapter 19
“Would one of you please tell me what’s going on?”
“Okay, it’s like this. We were discussing what we were going to do, you know, with the whole prison and oil-rig thing and, well, we forget to keep an eye on Bob so we think he might’ve fished around long enough to find his head and then, I guess, he got a little confused as to where he was going…”
“Because he didn’t really have his head on straight” chimed in Phillip.
“Yeah, so we think he made a wrong turn at the kitchen and sort of put his head down for a second…”
“Probably to orient himself better” piped Phillip again.
“Uh-huh, to orient himself and, well, he put his head on the burner, Johnny.”
“He what?”
“He put his head on the burner; you know, the one keeping the egg-drop soup warm” said George.
“It was probably an honest mistake” said Phillip.
“Uh-huh, you know the old guy’s been through a lot lately what with getting his head ripped off twice so it’s probably not a surprise that he would get a little… um… what’s the word…?”
“Confused?” Phillip said.
“Yeah, I guess confused about covers it. Johnny, Bob got confused and accidently caught his head on fire.”
“He caught his head on fire?”
“Yep, you know it could probably happen to anyone under the circumstances considering…”
“He... he… caught… fire?”
“Yeah, yeah he did. He lit his head on fire and spilled all of the egg-drop soup. I’m really sorry about that.”
“Me too” said Phillip.
“Where’s his head?” I asked.
“In the toilet” Phillip answered.
“In the what?”
“In the toilet. We would’ve put it out in the kitchen but Bob’s torso grabbed its head and started running around like… like a guy with his head cut off” explained George.
I moved further into the bathroom to stand next to Phillip so I could get a look into the porcelain bowl and see what’d happened to the unfortunate man.
“It’s in here?” I asked pointing to the toilet.
“Yes, it was the only place I could think to throw it in under the circumstances” said Phillip.
I looked down at the egg-white cylinder, lifted the lid and saw the head of Bob staring back at me in confusion. His eyes were darting left and right while his mouth kept opening and closing like an earthbound gold fish.
“Is he still in there?” asked Phillip.
“Where else would he be?” I replied.
“I don’t know? It’s just…”
“It’s just what?”
“Well, I flushed him a couple of times.”
“You flushed the man?”
“Yeah, he was spitting toilet water at me.”
“Sigh.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

12) Clan Division; Employment Decision
“The Wolves…” Chapter 18
“The clans. The families which make up the clans are separated according to their unique skills in one of the three necessary things in life; food, shelter or security. In the case of the LeTorque they entered the realm of Shelter whereby they own and manage real estate. Other families specialize in the production of food or the production of weapons or any other subset of those three necessary things. Now, at the top you’ve got the three respective families of each unique skill which the lower families agreed are the best at what they do. Take a corporation for instance. At the top of the corporation you’ll have someone in charge of a specific sphere of influence such as a Director of Finance, Director of Research or any other numerous directors a corporation needs in order to run effectively. Are you following me?”
“I think so. One of the three families at the top is in charge of food, another of shelter and the third of security?”
“Yes, Johnny, good boy. Let’s use Shelter as an example. At the top is one ruling family. Now, below them are all of the other families engaged in Shelter whether selling houses, building skyscrapers or managing office towers; it doesn’t matter, as long as it comes under the purview of Shelter they’re under the family at the top of the ladder called a Clan Elder.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

13) Superior Triumvirate; Clan Supremacy
“The Wolves…” Chapter 18
“Because those two things will give them a trilogy and no family has successfully accomplished the feat since the Division was conceived.”
“What’s a trilogy?”
“It’s a blending of the three occupations in such a way there’s no clear choice which one is superior.”
“But I thought you said the Clan Elders would just vote on it?”
“They would if they could.”
“Huh?”
“Johnny, the family you’re with is one rung below the Clan Elder, they’ve been enormously successful in their business and were a real threat to gain a seat on the Counsel if they decided to put it to a vote but Stephanie always resisted. I guess because she wasn’t in any rush and they were building their corporation into one giant powerhouse. But Peter, well, I guess he had other plans because what he set up might be the most daring power grab ever.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Commercial Property Management is a vastly wealthy enterprise and Peter just took the company and tripled its value; at least it’s how the other families might see it.”
“Huh?”
“Johnny, what’s a prison?”
“A place for housing criminals.”
“Uh-huh. And what section of the necessary things in life is the control of prisoners likely to fall under?”
“The Security one?”
“Yes, and what is oil?”
“Fuel?”
“Uh-huh. And what section of the necessary things in life is fuel a part of?”
“I don’t know?”
“Yes, you do, under the three choices of Food, Shelter and Security where would you put fuel.”
“Probably under Food.”
“Good, and what is the current occupation of the LeTorque?”
It dawned on me what he was getting at. Peter had found a way to incorporate all three occupations under one roof with those same occupations overlapping themselves within the simple arraignment. A prison could be viewed under the Security occupation but it also could be viewed under Shelter. The oil rigs could be seen as either Food or Security depending on one’s viewpoint.
“But it’s only a few wells and one prison.”
“The Superiors don’t necessarily put much stock in the amount of money a company makes.”
“They don’t?”
“No, they’ve been around long enough to see companies rise and fall like the tides. What they view as important is the cleverness of a company, the potential for further success, and I’ve got to tell you when the other families hear about what Peter North did they might view it as a remarkable and vote-worthy thing.”
“They might have voted the LeTorque as Clan Elders of Shelter?”
“No, they might have voted the LeTorque as Clan Elders of all.”
“I thought you said they divided themselves into three groups so they wouldn’t have one family leading them?”
“No, I said they divided themselves into groups because they couldn’t decide on which family was worthy to lead them.”
“And you think…?
“I think Peter North was trying to stake a claim as Clan Elder of all.”
“Would it have worked?”
“It’s quite possible. Actually, I think it was even more than possible, I think it was probable.”
“Why?”
“Because they would’ve seen quite clearly what Peter’s real motive was.”
“What was that?”
“War… Peter was going to take them to war, Johnny.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

14) Superior Challenge; Tag-Team Competition
“The Wolves…” Chapter 32
The movement, as before, began without me actually witnessing it. I don’t know if it was because of the speed of the combatants or because I had my eyes closed but when I opened them I could sense the general location of the Wolves, I just couldn’t see them. Also, those general locations were really only guideposts because they moved so fast for an instant they would be in one place and the next, across the dance floor. It was a surreal experience because, to tell the truth, no one was in the slightest bit interested in me. Since the lights were on and the actual combat area clean of obstacles except for a few heads whatever advantages I brought to the table were nullified. I was, in essence, a bystander at my own execution. As time went on I began to get glimpses of the Wolves because even they slow down a bit when exhaustion sets in so every once in a while I could see why I’d been ignored. It was obvious George and Phillip together could’ve taken out the two Wolves accompanying Lucifer but with his involvement it became more of a chess match with Phillip or George trying to get to one of the two weaker opponents to even the odds, as it were, while Lucifer was busy either protecting one or attacking with another. I appeared to be safe for the time being because if any of the Satan were to make a move toward me they would be exposing themselves to Phillip or George and their lives would be forfeit.
“Trudy?” I asked the air behind me.
“Yes, Johnny?” she responded.
“Is this one of those exhaustion matches where whoever has the most Vampires wins?”
“It might be, I don’t think anyone can get an advantage.”
“They have three Vampires, Trudy.”
“Yes, I know, Johnny.”
“We only have two.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

15) Universal Neighborhood; Solar-Segregation System
“The Wolves…” Chapter 33
“Johnny, what do you think we’ve been doing on your planet this whole time?”
“I don’t know?”
“What are the Superiors?”
“Werewolves and Vampires?”
“No, they’re the ultimate killing machine.”
“What?”
“They’ve been bred to kill. From the very beginning they’ve been bred to do one thing and one thing alone; dominate. Why do you think we would choose to breed that kind of species?”
 “I have no idea.”
“Because we’re at war and have been since time immemorial.”
“Time immemorial?”
“It means a really long time.”
“Who have you been at war with?”
“Hell.”
“Hell?”
“Yes. Heaven and Hell have been at war since before your species was even conceived.”
“Hold on. Are you saying Hell is an actual place?”
“Yes. Well, it was an actual planet, still is in fact, but since the development of space travel Heaven and Hell have been kind of enlarged, as it were. We now consist of thousands of planets and have been at war with each other for so long we cannot remember a time when we were not.”
“Who the heck are the Hell people?”
“The other half of us.”
“The other what?”
“Our other half, Johnny, the other side of my species; the Hellions. They are what we are not.”
“What are you not?”
“We are not them.”
“Okay, that’s being a little dramatic, don’t you think?”
“No, Johnny, it isn’t. My species has existed from the beginning and what you would perceive as normal traits, we do not. The Hellions are aggressive, we are not. The Hellions are possessive, we are not. The Hellions are insatiable, we are not. The Hellions are…”
“Okay, okay, I get it; the Hellions are bad people.”
“Yes, and we’ve been battling them forever.”
“So? What does this have to do with the Superiors?”
“They’re our answer to Hell.”
“Your answer?”
“Yes. We no longer possess the physical properties which allow for warfare, those were lost a very long time ago, so we use surrogates in our place.”
“You what?”
“We use surrogates, Johnny, other species we’ve bred  to counter what the Hellions have bred.”
“So, what, you don’t do your own fighting?”
“No, we’re too advanced for that.”
“And the Hellions?”
“They’re too advanced also.”
“So you make other little soldier-species do your dirty work?”
“We give them life.”
“Apparently, you also give them Hell.”
“True.”
“So, then what is going to happen?”
“The LeTorque are going to do what they were bred to do.”
“What’s that?”
“They will combine the Clans and prepare for what must happen.”
“What must happen?”
“The invasion from Hell.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

16) Heavenly Cosmetology; Superior Makeup Artistry
“The Wolves…” Chapter 15
“This is embarrassing.”
“I think you look cute.”
“I do not look cute, I look foolish.”
“Foolish is cute, Sweetie.”
I was dressed as a clown. Fuzzy red wig, blue and white makeup on my face, a big red rubber nose, huge body suit tailored to make my girth… girthy… I guess would be the word, stupid long socks, and the largest pair of loafers in Texas.
“It’s a thousand degrees in this suit.”
“You can handle it, Sweetie.”
Every guy knows women manipulate us to do things we would outright reject if asked from another of our own gender. We further know the prettier the girl the more outlandish the manipulation can become. We further, further know we are completely and hopelessly defenseless against this blatant form of exploitation because we illogically think somehow, someway, doing those incredibly self-deprecating things might get us into the good graces of the goddess asking for the humiliation. I was no different.
“Everyone is looking at me.”
“It’s because you’re dressed as a clown, Sweetie.”
“This is so embarrassing.”
Dallas is like most modern cities and it’s built accordingly with residential houses relegated outside of its downtown proper and replaced with apartment and condominium dwellers. Why?
I DON’T KNOW?
Really? Every time I ponder a question?
I’M SORRY. IT’S JUST, WELL, KIND OF A HABIT I GUESS.
 Because, like other cities, Dallas has borders so it has limited real estate. Since the most desirable places are usually within walking distance from entertainment and work the downtowns which hold work, entertainment and housing demand a high price to pay. The steep price of land got developers to look up and since the price of air has remained relatively low for the past, oh… ever, those developers built tall skyscrapers which could house people and businesses at a price allowing them to build their own houses someplace as far away from those obscenely overpriced alcoves as possible. Now, those skyscrapers have been developing right along with society and have adapted to the changing designs and materials employed by the architectural community, designs which grew higher and material which shown shinier.
“I think I’m melting.”
“You’re not melting, Sweetie.”
“Seriously, Vivian, I think my face is melting.” 
“Oh, quit exaggerating. Here, let me take a look and see if… okay, hold on a second.”
Glass skyscrapers dominate the skyline of Dallas and they come in many different colors which from far away give the place a sparkling look but, when you’re on foot, in the summer…
“What’s that smell?”
“Um, just a second, Sweetie, I need to…”
“Is that my nose? Is my nose melting?”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

17) Confrontation Cave; Pit of Confrontation
“The Wolves…” Chapter 12
“And their hierarchy begins in childhood?”
“Yes, more specifically in the pit of the Confrontation Cave where they first begin to understand which of them is going to grow into the strongest. Now, it was pretty obvious to everyone who’d seen Yin he was definitely going to be an Alpha male because he was the largest baby Wolf anyone could ever remember seeing; but Yang, well, the opinion on him was he wouldn’t live to see five.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s horrible. It’s like some sort of deranged baby cock-fight.”
“No, it’s not, because the babies are too young to actually do any real damage. Remember, we heal at an advanced rate so there’s no real danger to the baby Wolves; except in this particular case.”
“I knew it!”
“Knew what?”
“I knew poor little Yang was going to get killed. He dies doesn’t he? That mean old baby Yin kills him, doesn’t he?”
“No, Yin did not kill Yang.”
“Thank God.”
“He killed the other baby Wolves.”
“What?”
“The attendants were mystified as to why the baby Wolves weren’t fighting so one of them was sent off to get a Clan Elder and then the other got a little distracted by a handsome Wolf who’d taken a liking to her, she turned her back on the little batch of kiddies and when she turned around…”
“When she turned around…?”
“When she turned around Yin was finishing up with the last of the baby Wolves.”
“Finishing up?”
“Tearing the final head off.”
“Oh my God!”
“Yes, it was an incredible scene. Four decapitated baby Werewolves lying around in the Pit of Confrontation with Yin stalking around like he wanted more and Yang just sitting there on his cute little tushy acting like nothing happened.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

18) Vamp Council; Superior Female Conspiracy
“The Wolves…” Chapter 34
“Do you think he bought it?” asked Melissa.
“Who?” I replied.
“Nat. Do you think he believed us?”
“I’m sure he did.”
“Why?”
“Because if he didn’t we wouldn’t be here right now.”
“Where would we be?” Stephanie asked.
“Probably floating in outer space somewhere” I answered.
“Was it hard?” asked Trudy.
“Was what hard?”
“Forgetting.”
“No. I didn’t even feel it.”
“Feel what? What are you guys talking about?” asked Stephanie.
“Oh, right, you were hibernating. Well, we knew we would need to keep injecting Johnny with furosemide so he wouldn’t recover his memory, accidently slip up, and give away our little secret to Nat. So, whenever Johnny did one of his fainting spells we injected him before he woke up” said Trudy.
“So Nat doesn’t know?”
“About your little bundle of joy having the powers of Lucifer and me all mixed together? No, I can guarantee you he doesn’t.”
“Because if he did?”
“He would eliminate him because he can’t locate him so he can’t control him. He only lets me live because I don’t have the gifts of the Wolf and he really wants us to gather the Clans together so he can watch his little battle of Heavenly Superiors against the Hoards of Hell and the only way that’s going to happen is if we can convince the other Clans we are the Superior family.”
“Are we still going through with it?” asked George over his shoulder from the driver’s seat.
“Yes, we must if we wish to survive what’s coming.”
“So they really are on the way?” asked Phillip.
“Yes, he so much as told me so.”
“Okay, so then we go to war” said George.
“Yes, we go to war.”
“Have you picked which one yet?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Who?” Stephanie asked.
“First Clan” I replied.
“Why First Clan?” she said.
“Well, two reasons actually, the first is we’re no match for Second Clan right now…”
“But we will be when Daemon grows older” she replied with a smile.
“Daemon?”
“It’s the name I’ve picked for him, Daemon LeTorque.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, I thought it sounded appropriate since we’re going to battle with Hell and all; you know, kind of a play on ‘Demon’.”
“Not bad.”
“Thanks. So what’s the second reason?” Stephanie asked.
“The second reason is we already have an ally in First Clan” I answered and saw Melissa respond by removing the blade from her purse.
“An ally? Who?” Stephanie responded.
“My sister.”
“Your sister?”
“Yes.”
“You have a sister in First Clan?”
“Yes. Well, technically, we have a sister in First Clan.”
“We? Who’s we?” she asked.
And I think it dawned on her right before it happened because her eyes grew wide and I heard a sudden intake of breath before her throat was slit.
“I’m we” answered Melissa.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

19) Superior Relationships; Vampire-Werewolf Dominatrix Deal
“Of Superior…” Chapter 4
Merri Li sat back and pondered the question while Trudy again watched the game playing out on the field below. Phillip, she could tell, was toying with the three lesser Wolves. The combat was for fun, beheading disallowed and since Wolves, like Vampires, were of Superior stock any damage done would heal before they left the turf. The three Betas, unmated Wolves, were employing a technique Phillip had instructed her they would try; various forms of wrestling and grappling holds. Their reasoning was simple. Phillip was one while they were three. If any one of them could maintain a hold on him the game would be over for even though Phillip was an Alpha he was still no match for three Wolves at once if it merely came down to brute strength.
“I believe his plan is the only viable option and I think it has a good chance of success so long as his true identity is never revealed.”
“Why? Surely some will guess it’s him?”
“Because of Yin’s verdict. Yang is to be killed for the Great Catastrophe.”
 “Yin cannot reverse his ruling?” Trudy asked.
“He could but if he allowed an exception to the rule chaos would run wild.”
The sacred rule Merri Li was talking about was the absolute forbiddance of Wolf taking Vampire life.
“So we keep with the plan?” Trudy inquired.
“Yes, and until we are through I believe it would be wise to keep up appearances by using my brother’s new-world name.”
Merri Li was becoming intrigued for two reasons. First, her brother ‘Johnny’ had blood-bonded with the Vampire sitting next to her, had bonded with all the family of LeTorque in fact. This gave them what only three held before; the ability to detect other Superiors in Yang’s presence. Merri Li was mated to Yin which made her Matriarch of First Clan. She was technically Matriarch of Second Clan also but allowed Yin to rule in her place for she could never forgive him his ruling on the Great Catastrophe. Her problem was one of blood. She had been sired by the same great Wolf as Yang. She knew Yin had no choice and further knew he allowed Yang to walk away. She held to the pretense she was angry but knew he’d spared his brother’s life. She allowed others to believe there was bad blood for it furthered their gains. They were the Superiors, the four offspring of Lucifer and they held in their hands the power of Heaven but they wielded it warily. The second reason Merri Li was becoming intrigued was transpiring below her. The Wolf mated to the Vampire sitting next to her was an amazing one for he was besting three of her Wolves with ease. Oh, they were Betas, unmated Wolves, but what she’d neglected to inform the ambassadors from Third was while they were unattached it wasn’t because they were of inferior stock. The Wolves she had chosen as sparring partners for Phillip were star pupils. They were already slated for matehood and would soon be forming families of their own. What Phillip was displaying few possessed for true Alphas were a rarity.
 “Trudy?”
“Yes, Merri Li?”
“It would be wise to keep your Wolf away from Yin.”
Trudy looked down to the field where Phillip stood over the three Wolves of First who were on the ground in various stages of defeat.
“Why?” she asked.
“Because your Wolf offers Yin what he desires.”
“What’s that?”
“A challenge.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

20) Superior Economic Success; Corporate Ladder Climb
“The Wolves…” Chapter 15
“I’m sorry, but remember who we’re talking about here. Those are Vampires and Werewolves and they’re not above killing you, me or anyone else who happens to get in their way. Johnny, what do you think is really going on here?”
“Some sort of power struggle?”
“Yes, Johnny, a power struggle; a power struggle involving powerful families in a powerful clan. The family you’re with is an extremely adept one. They’ve been maneuvering for ages through their hierarchy and are, or were before Peter got killed, near the very top. To make it a little easier to understand think of their clan as a corporation with a board of trustees sitting at the top. The board consists of three families who’ve risen through the ranks to hold the power they have today. Below the board are upper management which is where the LeTorque stand and below them are varying rungs on the ladder with families constantly trying to move up by bringing other families down.”
“So the people who killed Peter are…?”
“A family who saw an opportunity to move up the ranks in their bloody corporation by killing Peter North and thus removing some of the LeTorque power by eliminating one of their powerful Wolves.”
“Peter North was a powerful Werewolf?”
“Peter North was an extremely powerful Werewolf.”
“How powerful?”
“Powerful enough to maneuver his family into a position to challenge for a seat on the board.”
“But you said there were only three families on the board. Would they allow a fourth?”
“No.”
“Oh, hold on, that means…”
“Yes, it means one of two things is really going on. First, an opportunistic family took a very dangerous chance at moving up in their corporation or…”
“Oh no.”
“… a family on top saw a potential threat and decided to do something about it.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

21) Smith and Wesson; Private Investigation
“Of Superior…” Chapter 3
“Did you verify their claim?” Craft asked.
“Yes, sir” Smith replied.
“How?”
“Miss LeTorque, the one who hired us told her butler, a gentleman by the name of Nat to go with us down to the Federal Reserve in Dallas and open a line of credit with the full backing of the United States of America.”
“What?” Sons asked in stunned disbelief.
“I know this hard to get your head around, sir, but it’s exactly as Smith said. We went down with Nat, entered the Reserve and left with a check” Wesson said.
“A check?”
“Yes, sir.”
“What check?”
“This check, sir” Smith replied holding a four by nine inch piece of paper in his hands.
“Let me see that” Craft said and Smith gave it over.
What Craft saw was an illusion, it had to be, for what it showed was a check made out to Craft and Sons signed by the man himself, the head of the Federal Reserve of Dallas, a Reserve which controlled the banks in the southern half of the United States, a country with an unlimited credit-line and the ability to print money from thin air and in the line where a monetary figure was to be placed there was nothing, only a blank space. It was, in effect, an IOU from the most prosperous nation on Earth, an IOU with a sum to be determined later, an IOU of infinity.
“Holy…!”
“Yes, sir, that’s what we thought also.”
Craft handed the check to Sons and sat in silence. He knew he should say something but was speechless for one of the few times in his life. He couldn’t grasp the enormity of the situation because it exceeded his reach. ‘Unlimited’ kept running through his mind along with yachts and golfing. He loved both and could now go about doing them for the rest of his life assuming they could find their man.
“Wow!” was Sons’ input.
“Yes, sir, once again, that’s exactly what me and Smith said” replied Wesson.
The silence in the room lasted for minutes until it was finally broken by Smith.
“I’m assuming we’re taking the case?”
“Heck, yeah!” both Craft and Sons exclaimed.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

22) Copyright Infringement; Patent Pending Litigation
“Of Superior…” Chapter 32
“Sir, do you want to press charges?”
The man had lost his temper. It happened a lot with Johnny for he really was quite weak-looking but carried a big mouth.
“I’m not sure yet.”
The man had thrown a punch. He would later regret the decision but at the time he couldn’t help himself. Johnny was terribly annoying when he wished to be.
“He called me a nitwit!” the man screamed in explanation for his actions.
“Yes, sir, and I’m beginning to see why” the officer standing in front of the man replied.
The teenage boy was unsure what to do. He’d hung around because he wasn’t one to run from his mistakes but was really worried about what was going to happen next. He knew the rules. If the man insisted on full payment to replace the bumper the teenager would need to use his insurance. He didn’t make enough money at the hamburger joint to cover the cost of an egg-shell bumper. If the man wouldn’t take partial payments over time, something he was pretty sure the pompous fool would decline then his insurance would be used, his deductible would be raised and his payments would skyrocket. He’d lose his driving privileges because he wouldn’t be able to afford the rates due to a bumper in a gas-station parking lot which failed to do even the most minimal function of its name.
“Is he still asking for the boy’s insurance?” Johnny asked.
“Yes, sir, he said the boy backed into him” the officer replied.
Johnny looked to the man and made a decision.
“Officer, may I speak to him for a second?” Johnny asked and the officer agreed because he had a pretty good idea what was going to transpire and he thought the outcome showed a lot of promise.
“All right, buddy, here’s what I’m going to do. If you demand that boy has to pay for your bumper I’m going to press charges on you for assault. You’re going to get thrown in jail until someone bails you out then you’ll need to hire a lawyer to get the charges dropped from a felony to a misdemeanor. Just to let you know, I have a rather large amount of money myself and it would be a pleasure to see you spend a ton of yours defending your actions.”
The man’s eyes widened with realization of what he’d gotten himself into.
“Now, if you decide to bite the bullet and pay for your own bumper I believe in the end it’ll probably cost you… oh… one-tenth of what I’m prepared to do to you.”
The man was visibly shaken.
“But he ran into me!”
Johnny was not swayed.
“And your fist ran into my face. Look, take it or leave it; either buy your own bumper or hire a lawyer.”
The choice was simple and a teenager was lent a new lease to drive, a man with serious testosterone issues drove off without a portion of his car and Johnny walked away feeling both proud of himself and a little sore where the man’s knuckles had struck flesh.
“Uncle Johnny?”
“Yes, Daemon?”
“Why aren’t bumpers made of rubber?”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

23) Superior Reduction; Human Inspiration
“The Wolves…” Chapter 8
“Humans came from Superiors so the natural way for them to feel is euphoria but, because they are such a watered down blood-ancestor of ours, they didn’t inherit our superiority over the other creatures so Nature opened pathways for fear, anxiety and worry so Humans would be on edge and survive. But since Nature’s a nice gal she also created a chemical which would alter those pathways to provide some relief.”
“And that chemical is Dopamine?”
“Well, there’s a whole bunch of chemicals involved but for our purposes we’ll stick to the big one, and yes, it’s Dopamine. Since Humans don’t heal instantaneously they need to be warned away from doing things which would harm them so lingering pain and inflammation evolved to help them understand their stupidity. Humans also don’t live very long so precaution and worry for the future were also provided by nature as sort of a kick-start to get their butts in gear. Add these things up and you get the emotional state of Humans today; worrisome future-planners. Now this may seem like a bad thing but it’s not because those worrisome future-planners evolved the one thing we Superiors lack.”
“Humbleness.”
“No, curiosity and innovation. If it were just us Superiors on the planet we’d probably still be hunting wild game and living in caves. Remember, we were around a long time before we bred Humans and we pretty much accomplished nothing because we didn’t need to.”
“The mother of innovation…”
“…is necessity. Humans needed to innovate in order to survive.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

24) Proclamation Declaration; Superior Timing
“Of Superior…” Chapter 42
“Why are you here?”
Nat had been anticipating the question ever since he’d decided to reveal himself in order to stop the foolish beings from annihilating the world and ending Heaven’s grand experiment.
“Because a great battle is looming on your horizon. Another species has lain claim to your world and are on their way to lay waste to what you own.”
The dancing and singing stopped.
“Excuse me? Did you just say we are going to be invaded by aliens?”
The world hushed for they were wondering the same thing.
“Yes.”
Recording devices on Greenland captured world-wide opinion.
“Son of a…!”
The control booth was sitting on their hands for no one felt they could control pushing, pulling or twisting in times of turmoil.
“Do these aliens have a name?”
“Yes, they are called the Hoard. They are creatures of Hellion designed to destroy what you have built.”
The reference did not go unnoticed and the control booth was relieved the reporter also caught the linkage.
“Hellion? As in Hell?”
“Yes.”
Everyone was in a questioning mode but only one was present. Fortunately, he had a good set of ears and basically repeated word for word what the enormous audience was querying.
“Are you freaking kidding me?”
Nat looked at the youth and answered with all the sincerity he could muster.
“No.”
And the world answered back.
“Gulp!”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

25) Overinflated Estimation of Self Worth; Dummies Guide to Poor Investing
“The Wolves…” Chapter 1
 “Now!” she yelled.
I was stunned as the two salesmen from Industrial Products leapt in unison at our potential client. What happened next left me even more dumbstruck. Peter North moved with a speed I didn’t know existed; one second looking at Melissa with what I thought was bemusement at her strange behavior and the next with a look of contempt as he held the throats of Bob and Steve whom he’d caught in midair. As they struggled I saw Peter look at me, smile, then glance at Melissa and un-smile for in her hands was a pistol with silencer and before I could comprehend what was happening Peter North’s head snapped back like jet-pilot’s on takeoff.
“What the…?”
Is what I believe I said but I can’t be certain because after the initial shock of the pistol’s whispered retort I was learning how I’d respond to a sudden, life-threatening situation. I found out I’d stand stock-still for a second, shout something incoherent, and scatter as far away as possible from the red-head with the firearm. For her part, Melissa was acting strangely serene and composed; walking up to the previously living Peter North, aiming directly at his unmoving head, and firing four more silent rounds into it. I’d heard the term ‘overkill’ before but never knew its proper place. So there I was, bravely sheltering behind a five-foot tall floor lamp when she turned and shot Bob Simpson in the heart before doing the same to Steve, both remaining immobile as she did it, leaving me as the last sane living person in the room. I recall the events which transpired next because it became very surreal for a moment with Melissa walking over to a painting and removing it from the wall to reveal a safe which she began unlocking by dialing a combination.
“Get the door” she said after removing the piece of paper.
PROOF OF THE DEED?
Yep… it’s all she needed.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

26) Coma Comfort Care; Superior Retirement
“The Wolves…” Chapter 28
“You think she’s got some sort of shady background or something?”
“Maybe, but it doesn’t really matter because Third Clan took her in and she began working at the blood bank, found her mate, got investigated and got unattached.”
“Wow! Pretty bad luck.”
“Even worse; because it turns out she wasn’t responsible for the blood mix-up” George said.
“She wasn’t?”
“Nope.”
“Who was?”
“Well, no one really. It seems the blood came from a poor soul who was a little lost. You see, this particular batch of blood was scheduled to come from one of our nursing home residents, a nice little old lady who had lung cancer which, unfortunately, was too severe to do anything about. So anyway, Melissa went to visit the cute thing and did some blood work which indicted she’d be a perfect candidate for one of our hibernating Vamps so she offered her a chance to do the one thing she’d wanted all her life but had been unable to do.”
“What?”
“Take a trip around the world on a cruise ship.”
“Ooh, that sounds cool” I said.
“Yes it does, and you’d be surprised how many times the request is brought up when we offer it in exchange for their blood.”
“So she took it?”
“Yep, and when the attending Vampire came to pick her up and take her to the transfusion, well, a little mix-up occurred.”
“What happened?”
“Her roommate in the nursing home who was supposed to be in a coma apparently had a change of mind about remaining so. She awoke when Melissa was offering our perfect candidate the cruise around the world and decided she’d rather go instead.”
“Oh no.”
“Oh yes. The little coma-faker smothered our sweet little world-cruiser in her sleep and took her place instead.”
“Didn’t you have protocols to prevent something like that from happening?” 
“Did we have protocols for little old ladies murdering other little old ladies so they could become substitute Zombies? No, Johnny, we didn’t, it ‘d never come up before.”
“The Vampire who took her didn’t have a picture of the correct old lady?”
“Oh yeah, she had a picture all right, it’s just…”
“What?”
“Have you ever seen little old ladies? They look remarkably similar. You know, grey hair, thick glasses, a cute bewildered expression on their faces and those horrible moo-moo flowered dresses they seem to prefer. Well, the Vampire made the mistake of trusting the little-old-lady murderer and transfused her blood with the pregnant hibernating Vampire’s and, well, it didn’t end well.”
“Why?”
“She had an auto-immune disease. Half the hibernating Vamp’s blood was removed, replaced with hers and since the Vamp’s own antibodies viewed the new blood as perfectly acceptable…”
“Why would it view the new blood as acceptable?”
“Because auto-immune disease is a tricky little bugger. You see, the immune system of these people is so ramped up it thinks the body is under attack from foreign invaders at all times. Now, this wouldn’t normally be a problem for us because our antibodies would start to eliminate the confused antibodies before they could take hold and produce any negative side-effects but when a blood transfusion occurs and so much of the messed up antibodies are dumped into a Superior at one time, well, the Vampire’s antibodies started to think maybe there was a foreign attacker so it looked around and sure enough there was another foreign invader inside, lying there siphoning off some of the Vampire’s necessary blood…”
“The baby.”
“Yep, so the antibodies did what they could and produced swelling and inflammation inside the hibernating Vamp in order to block off the blood flow and kill the infestation.”
“How horrible!”
“It gets worse. The child in question was far enough along to recognize it was suffocated so it did fought back which resulted in an artery being shred and the subsequent blood loss which resulted.”
“The Vampire couldn’t repair herself?”
“Her body tried but the little unborn kept shredding and since no one knew anything was wrong, well, it was too late.”
“So the Vampire was killed…?”
“By her own unborn child.”
 “My God! Well, did she get to take her cruise?”
“Who?”
“The little old lady. Did she get to take her cruise?”
 “Did she get to take her cruise? Is that what you’re asking? Did the little sadistic roommate-murderer and pregnant-Vampire killer get to take her cruise?”
“When you put it that way…”
“No, Johnny, she didn’t get to take her cruise.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

27) Superior Engineering; Unlocking Nature’s Bounty
“The Wolves…” Chapter 11
“We let loose the Plague, Sweetie.”
“You let loose the Plague?”
“Uh-huh. The wealthy Humans were going to keep riling up the peasants unless the Satan did something about it so Isabella had her sister release the Plague.”
“Her sister?”
“Uh-huh, Stephanie.”
“Hold on! Your Stephanie? The Matriarch?”
“Yep. Our own little hibernating baby-maker.”
“But… Oh my God, how old is she?”
“Old enough.”
“Okay, just a second here. I thought Vampires could only get pregnant once?”
“True”
“Then…?”
“Stephanie is the twin Vampire of Isabella Satan.”
“And she let loose the plague.”
“Uh-huh.”
“She could do that?”
“Uh-huh, Stephanie’s pretty powerful.”
“It takes a powerful Vampire to release the plague?”
“It takes a powerful Vamp to resist releasing it, Johnny. It’s quite a remarkable weapon after all.”
“But didn’t it kill half the people on the planet?”
“No, just half the people in Europe, the rest of the planet was unaffected.”
“But that’s horrible.”
“Why?”
“Why? Did you just ask me why killing innocent people is horrible?”
“Oh, Sweetie, this was the Middle Ages, no one was innocent.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, back then people were killing each other all the time for no real reason whatsoever. You wanted land? Kill the landowner. You wanted someone’s wife? Kill the husband. It didn’t matter because the people in power were the most corrupt Humans in the land.”
“You make it sound like a terrible time.”
“Oh, it was terrible for the peasants but it was downright paradise for the wealthy. If you had access to resources you could do virtually anything without regard for anyone’s well-being because there was no concept of well-being or human rights as they have today.”
“Really? What did they believe in?”
“They believed in their inherent superiority, at least the wealthy did; the poor just believed in eating, sleeping, toiling, and dying.”
“That’s awful.”
“Only to the peasants.”
“So the Satan let loose the Plague.”
“Yes, and everyone forgot all about their jealousy of the rich because the Plague doesn’t discriminate, it kills everyone.”
“And this got the Satan off the hook?”
“For the time being, yes. But everyone could see we had a problem which needed solving.”
“You needed to go underground.”
“Exactly, Sweetie, you’re just so smart. We realized we could no longer go about doing things the way it’d been done before because the population was beginning to suspect we might exist and were becoming afraid.”
“And that was a problem because…?”
“Because fear is a two edged sword, it can cause obedience or its opposite, revolution.  Humans are quite unpredictable when scared; they can acquiesce, they can secretly plot your undoing, they can outwardly balk… my goodness, they can do all those things at the same time and it becomes quite confusing for us because we don’t have a reference for their feelings.”
“Because you don’t know fear?”
“Uh-huh, I love teaching you because you grasp things so fast. Yes, we don’t feel fear so we don’t know what a person who does feel it is likely to do. Now, fear does tend to work in our favor most of the time but it only takes once for a Catastrophe to happen.”
“A Catastrophe?”
“Yes, the death of a Vampire.”
“Not a Werewolf?”
“No, Werewolves are replaceable, Vampires are not.”
“Why?”
“A Werewolf can’t make others, Johnny” George interrupted.
“Huh? But I thought Werewolves and Vampires were mates.”
“They are but, well, look at it this way. If there were ten Vampires and one Werewolf it would be possible to sire ten Superiors but if there were only one Vampire and ten Werewolves?  Well, let’s just say after the bloodshed there’d be a lot less Werewolves and still only one possible birth.”
“So Vampires are more important than Werewolves?”
“Oh yeah, Vampires are much more valued than we are. I guess it would be the same for Humans if they could only sire one time” George said.
“Hey, guys?”
“Yes, Phillip?” responded George.
“Could you could finish the conversation on the road? Bob and Steve are beginning to molt.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

28) Superior Remembrance; Storytellers Delight
“Of Superior…” Chapter 16
Lattimore seemed to be having fun telling the story. The detectives were rather interested , after all.
“How did Steve know who Bob was?”
“Good question! He knew because he set the whole thing up. You see, Bob was getting away with his guest-worker program until someone, I’m thinking Steve, informed the authorities. Steve then went to Bob’s mom and offered to assist in Bob’s defense if she would sign over the rights to her land.”
Wesson was fully intrigued.
“Sneaky” he said.
“Yes, but it didn’t work because Bob’s mom received an offer from the State. They wanted to put a Reformatory for Wayward Youth on her land and were willing to lease a portion of her estate so she cut a deal with Steve. She would  take his offer to fund Bob’s defense but would only use the land as collateral in case she couldn’t repay. Steve accepted because he figured there was no way she would be able to pay because he didn’t know about the State’s Reformatory offer.  Anyway, Bob lost his case, his mom made payments to work off her debt to Steve, Steve got busted with the pyramid scheme and joined Bob in Huntsville knowing exactly who Bob was.”
“So Steve tells Bob about the oil…” Wesson began.
”… who gets out and set fire to the Reformatory…” Smith added.
“… which kills his mom and sends him eventually back to the place it all started” Lattimore finished.
The detectives were a little stunned but not necessarily amazed at the coincidences for they’d had experience with convicts before. Convicts had a lot of time on their hands and little to do except talk. They’d learned in any prison there would be quite a number of co-conspirators from earlier times who were subsequently caught and returned to jail. Since most prisons were State-run they’d eventually meet up with the same person they initiated the conspiracy with and usually plan a whole new enterprise. Almost all ended up running in circles and doing most their life’s time behind bars.
   “Okay, so why was Steve in here? I’m assuming he wasn’t sentenced to life for a pyramid scheme?” Smith said.
“You’re assumption is correct. He was here because Bob sent him here.”
“Huh?”
“Bob swore he didn’t set the fire. He said he had an alibi but when it became obvious he was going to lose he did the one thing he thought would stop a tragedy from happening.”
“Huh?” both detectives said at the same time.
“Bob thought he was being set up by the one guy who knew there was oil under his land because during his trial the oil was revealed. Bob thought he was being scapegoated by the one guy who would benefit both from the loss of a Wayward Youth Facility and the incarceration of the heir to the land it was sitting on.”
“Because…?”
“Because Steve still held the land as collateral from Bob’s earlier trial. His mom hadn’t paid off the debt.”
“So Bob thought…?”
“Bob thought Steve set him up. Steve was in prison so he obviously couldn’t set the fire but it didn’t mean he couldn’t hire someone to do it and plant evidence incriminating Bob. Well, Bob thought it over and did what he could to prevent Steve from getting the land.”
Wesson was all in now. He was riveted and waiting for the outcome.
“What did he do?”
“He said it was all Steve’s idea.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

29) Heaven’s Accent; Difficult Mountain to Climb
“Of Superior…” Chapter 30
“Okay, can you please tell me what it is with Nat and his privilege thing?”
“What would you like to know?”
What would he like to know? He’d like to know where in the heck Johnny Johnson was. He’d like to know who set the fire which lit the flame for prison-petroleum partnership. He’d like to know why the world was seemingly on the verge of all-out war. He’d like to know when technology would take a break so humanity could figure out what in the devil were the details of the digital age.
“I’d like to know what his relationship is to the LeTorque?” he finally settled on.
She sat back and considered the question.
“He is like a professor with a problem he cannot solve.”
“Huh?”
“Think of him as a monitor of sorts. He has a situation and is trying to come up with an answer he himself cannot grasp.”
“Huh?”
“Okay, change scenarios. Let’s say you were the CEO of a technology company. You know your rivals are working on the next generation of the next big thing. Previously you’ve been the inventor of the latest gadgets to capture Human imagination but you need to think outside the box in order to retain your market share. What do you do?”
Wesson didn’t usually enjoy the guessing game but when the questioner was of such jaw-dropping quality he figured the game had its values.
“I’d hire some really smart people to work for me” he answered.
“Exactly. You’d hire smart people. But why wouldn’t you use the smart people you already employed?”
The question was easy to answer because Wesson knew his own limitations.
“Because the people working for me had already given their answer. They came up with the previous products and since you want me to think outside the box I can’t do so with people who built the walls.”
He felt like a super-student. She was smiling and nodding in such a way he wanted to answer every question correctly in order to get his prize. Of course, the elephant sitting on the floor might have something to say about what the prize was but he figured any consolation from the beauty queen before him was good enough to make his day.
“Yes, perfect answer. Nat is the CEO and we are his new hires. He wants us to come up with the solution to his problem and is allowing us the leeway to imagine possibility.”
Smith decided to join the conversation.
“Hold on. Did you just say Nat was in charge?”
She moved her eyes to the taller detective and he felt his pulse quicken with the act. He really was surprised at his reaction for he’d usually been the one doing the seducing not getting it done to him.
“He is and he isn’t. As I said, he doesn’t have the answers to his dilemma so he needs us to provide them for him.”
“And who exactly are you?” Smith asked.
Her smile once again lit a flame in his heart.
“We are the architects of Humanity’s design, Detective.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

30) Superior Images; Power Coupling Superstars
“Of Superior…” Chapter 2
The rest of the afternoon went as Phillip expected, he was bored and she wasn’t. She was infatuated with virtually everything she came across. The good thing, though, was they were about as wealthy as any two people could possibly get. They were in the family of LeTorque, the Elders of Third Clan and they were there to speak with another of their kind. Another who was, as they were, a breed apart.
“What do you think about this?” Trudy asked.
“What is it?” Phillip responded.
“It’s a comb, Phillip, it’s just a comb.”
“Oh.”
The day had droned on so long he could no longer discern difference between common-day items and those lost to the inventions of time. Everything Trudy produced appeared to be things they were not. A knife was, instead, a shoe-horn. A shoe-horn became an egg beater. He was about at his breaking point when an extraordinary event unfolded. They sensed her before she arrived, the shop door opened and she entered.
“Hello.”
The woman who addressed them could be nothing but Vampire. She was refreshingly awe-inspiring with brown hair, black eyes and golden skin. It was not uncommon for Wolves to make advances on Vamps even if they were mated but the deed generally was done to promote themselves up the clan’s hierarchal ladder. What Phillip saw was the exception to the rule. If Trudy were not his mate, not so beautiful herself, he could well imagine taking the woman as his own.
Trudy, for her part, knew the power beauty held. She could and had used it to her advantage. Men were the forces she controlled. They could be readily encouraged to do virtually anything she wished by merely hinting what she desired. Trudy was red of hair, green of eyes and pale of skin. She was in many men’s view the ultimate in feminine seduction. She knew her power and wielded it wisely but the woman before her was setting a new example. She hadn’t done anything, hadn’t moved since speaking ‘hello’ but the reaction of Phillip was self-evident; the woman was Superior.
“Hello” Trudy replied.
“You are Trudy and Phillip LeTorque of Third Clan?” the woman asked in a way which suggested the answer was a foregone conclusion.
“Yes.”
“Hello, I am Merri Li, welcome to First Clan.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

31) Family Head; Necessary Governing Instrument
“The Wolves…” Chapter 33
“The Council rules the LeTorque are Elders of Shelter Tribe. Whom is the Matriarch, LeTorque?”
Okay, the question obviously wasn’t directed at me because there was no way anyone would believe I was the Alpha of the family and we were all looking at George and Phillip to see which one of them was going to claim the Alpha which, of course, was going to be challenged by the other and everyone was going to get even more of a show than they’d believed possible…
IS THAT WHY THEY NEVER CHALLENGED BEFORE?
Yep, the deal was to get to Clan Elder. They knew once there if they obtained it then all bets were off and the Wolves of LeTorque would indeed find out who was the true Alpha.
WHO DO YOU THINK WOULD WIN?
You know, I don’t have a clue and I’ll probably never find out because right then…
“I choose Johnny Johnson, Wolf of LeTorque, as my mate” came the voice of Melissa from the bleacher seats.
A general hum of activity once again encompassed the nightclub as Werewolf and Vampire alike were wondering just how many things could possibly happen in the space of about two hours in a country-western nightclub on the outskirts of Austin.
“The Wolf in question is already mated to Stephanie LeTorque” replied the Matriarch to the right.
“No, he’s not” replied Melissa as she made her way onto the dance floor.
“State your facts, Unattached one” said the Matriarch to the left.
“He never willingly agreed” Melissa responded.
“Yes he did, the Council asked and he agreed he was willingly my mate” interrupted Stephanie.
“He did not agree, the Monitor agreed for him.”
The hum from the crowd gathered increased as they began asking whether I’d actually agreed to be the mate of Stephanie. The answer was easy to obtain.
“Detective Hallowed?” asked the Matriarch to the right.
“Yes, Mistress?”
“Did the Wolf, Johnson, willingly agree to be mated to the Vampire, Stephanie?”
“No, Mistress, he did not. I answered for him.”
The hum grew louder and reached the level of audible amazement at their good luck of fortune to have been present at such a gossip-making occasion.
“Johnny Johnson, Wolf of LeTorque, whom do you choose as mate?” asked the Matriarch to the left.
I looked at both the lovely creatures of boyhood fantasy and I’ve got to tell you a guy couldn’t go wrong picking either. The fact the guy was me only made the decision more implausible.
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Trudy?”
“Do what you were bred to do.”
 “I choose Melissa as my mate.”
“What?” Stephanie replied.
“I’m sorry, Stephanie, but I’ve got to do what’s best for the family” I said.
“But I will give us everything” she said.
“No, I’m afraid you won’t” said Melissa.
“Quiet! You don’t even know what I’m talking about” Stephanie hissed.
“Oh, you mean this?” Melissa responded while holding up what everyone knew was coming but were afraid to face.
“Where did you get that?” Stephanie asked in a somewhat confused manner.
“From the safe of a great Wolf” Melissa responded as she made her way to stand next to me and the rest of my family.
“Who is the Matriarch of LeTorque?” the Matriarch to the right asked.
And this is where the rubber hit the road so to speak. They didn’t have to do it, they held all the cards after all, but we’d agreed at the beginning and they really do have a strange sense of honor so…
“Johnny?”
“Yes, George?”
“I cede Alpha to you.”
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Phillip?”
“I cede Alpha to you.”
“The Matriarch of LeTorque is Melissa” said the Matriarch to the left.
… and then what had to happen, did.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

32) Plot Twist; Dangerous Performance Maneuver
“Of Superior…” Chapter 43
“Where do you think they are?”
Wesson stood for a while in quiet contemplation and then told the man with new-found unlimited resources what he thought.
“I think they’re in Antarctica.”
Sons face must have registered stunness for the detective with the iron stomach continued.
“Look, I think what we came across was something entirely different than what it appeared. Think about it. As soon as we start the case the world goes crazy. As soon as we find Mr. Johnson the world is on the nuclear edge. As soon as we pass Mr. Johnson’s message to Nat Hallowed he decides to reveal himself as an Alien and sends everyone home. Why do you think he did that?”
“What? Send everyone home?”
“No, stop a nuclear war.”
Sons pondered the question but other than altruism he couldn’t come up with an answer.
“I don’t know?”
“I think you do. Why did the LeTorque buy tickets to countries in Latin America?”
Sons thought again and the answer hit him like a flash.
“Because they’re on their way to Antarctica.”
“Exactly, and why Antarctica?”
Sons thought again.
“Because it’s the one place in the world where you’re guaranteed to outlast a nuclear war?”
Wesson smiled because he was then positive he was right. Sons didn’t own half the best detective agency in the greater Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex because he couldn’t put two and two together.
“Yes, I think the LeTorque basically told Nat they were heading to Antarctica and he stepped in to stop a nuclear war.”
The hard part, the confusing part, the important part, was why?
“Are you saying you think he stopped a nuclear war because the LeTorque were leaving the blast zone?”
It sounded weird to Wesson when Sons put the question to him so he thought a little deeper on the subject. Why would Nat Hallowed, a man pretending to be the servant of LeTorque, go out of his way to try and find Mr. Johnson and then when he was located go further out of his way and reveal himself to be something else? He could only come up with one conclusion.
“I think the LeTorque and especially Mr. Johnson were somehow behind all the troubles. I think the LeTorque were trying to start the nuclear war. I think we were hired as some sort of diversion to keep Nat satisfied someone was on the lookout for Mr. Johnson.”
The look he got from Sons went through a couple of emotions in the time it took for the man to think it through. Amazement, doubt, anger, denial and then the last.
“Um, Wesson?”
“Yes?”
“You don’t plan on mentioning that to anyone, do you?”
“Nope.”
He wasn’t a fool. Unlimited funds were only unlimited if moral clauses remained undisturbed.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

33) Superior Siblings; Serious Sisterly Rivalry
“The Wolves…” Chapter 32
“I think she might’ve been hedging her bet, Sweetie” said the lovely blonde Vampire.
“Hedging her bet?”
“Uh-huh.”
“How?”
“Well, if she was really interested in the Matriarchy she could go about it two ways. First, she could challenge the Tribal Elder family for their seat, which in our case is the Satan, or she could entice the Alpha Wolf into giving her a cub and challenge the Matriarch herself for the seat, which is what is going on right now.”
“So you think she enticed Lucifer?”
“Oh, I guarantee it.”
“Why?”
“Because Lucifer’s a Wolf but, more importantly he’s an Alpha; maybe the most powerful one to ever exist save his prodigy, Yin.”
“Why would that lead Stephanie to entice him?”
“Because he’s a Wolf, haven’t you been listening? Wolves like Lucifer are the easiest to entice because they can’t see any consequences of their actions. They think they’re unbound by any moral code because of the belief in their superiority over all. It would have taken Stephanie only a minute to entice Lucifer.”
“But she had to know Peter would find out.”
“Of course, but it would only enhance her chances at claiming the Matriarchy.”
“How?”
“Because of the way our system works, Sweetie. You see, once she had the child she could claim the right to challenge for Lucifer and he could choose to go two ways with it; either admit or deny the child. If he admitted, well, that’s what he did so the consequences are playing out before us…”
“And if he denied?”
“Peter would’ve been honor bound to challenge Lucifer to combat which would then draw in both families and Stephanie would still have the chance at her Matriarchy.”
“Okay, let’s assume Peter was alive and your family…”
“Our family, Johnny, you are one of us.”
“Okay, let’s assume our family won. Why would Peter choose to stay mated to a cheat of a Vampire?”
“Because he would be Alpha of Shelter Tribe.”
“And that would be okay with him?”
“Well, he would’ve probably been a little upset Lucifer’s child would still be alive but, unless it turned out to be a Vampire, he would’ve gotten rid of it.”
“What?”
“He would’ve got rid of the child if it were a Wolf.”
“That’s barbaric!”
“That’s the way of the Wolf.”
“Okay, but Peter’s not alive.”
“No, he’s not.”
“So, then if Lucifer were to have denied the child she wouldn’t have gotten the families to fight because Peter was dead, right?”
“Well, yes and no. If she had challenged and Lucifer rebuked her without her being mated it would definitely have ended her plans but…”
“But what?”
“But you’re her mated now, Johnny, you would’ve been honor bound to challenge Lucifer.”
“Excuse me?”
“You are her…”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean I couldn’t hear you; I meant I couldn’t believe what you said.”
“What’s that, Sweetie?”
“That I would challenge Lucifer.”
“But you would be honor bound to do so.”
“Vivian, I can tell you right now, I would be anything but…”
I was interrupted by a hush which fell over the crowed. It’s weird how a change of background noise in either direction can signify something important is about to occur and, in this case, it was the head of Isabella Satan coming to rest on the floor of the nightclub with an expression of complete surprise on her face.
“Well, this just got interesting” said Vivian.
I was going to ask what her definition of interesting was when…
“I, Stephanie LeTorque claim the Wolf, Lucifer as my mate.”
“Does Lucifer, Wolf of Satan, accept?” asked the Matriarch to the right.
“I do” replied the Wolf.
“The Council recognizes Stephanie LeTorque as mate to Lucifer, Matriarch to Shelter Tribe of Third Clan” the Matriarch to the left said.
“The LeTorque challenge” George said immediately afterward.
 “What?” I said.
“I told you, Johnny, you’re honor bound to fight for your mate and, since we’re family, we’re bound also.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

34) Satan’s Legacy; Remorseless Superiority
“The Wolves…” Chapter 29
“Johnny, why did Merri Li duck?”
“Huh?”
“When the Vampire assassin snuck up behind to take her head, why did she duck?”
“Because Yang told her to?”
“In a way that’s correct.”
“Why are you being so mysterious with your answers, Trudy?”
“Because it’s fun and I’m hoping you’ll guess the truth.”
“Okay, Merri Li ducked because Yang told her to right?”
“In a way.”
“Okay, good enough. So, let’s see, Yang and Merri Li, Yang and Merri Li…”
And then I got it. It must have been evident because Trudy nodded her head and said…
“Yes, Johnny.”
“You mean?”
“Yes, Merri Li could detect Superiors in the presence of Yang.”
“How? Did she blood-bond with him like we did?”
“’No, not like we did.”
“Then how?”
“Their bond ran deeper.”
“Huh?”
“They shared half the same genes.”
“Huh?”
“Merri Li was one the twin illegitimate daughters of Joan of Arc.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Merri Li’s Sire was spurned by her other Sire.”
“Huh?”
“Merri Li’s other Sire was also the Sire of the Matriarch of Satan.”
“And…?”
“Merri Li was the half-sibling to Yang.”
“What?”
“Yin, Yang and Merri Li were of the same blood.”
“What?”
“The Wolf of Satan, Lucifer, begot all three of them.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

35) Alternate Lifestyles; Combustible Mixture
“Of Superior…” Chapter 39
The audience was in full revolt. Side bets were happening everywhere as positions were taken and then reinforced through treaties written on the spot to ensure allies would come to each other’s aid in case the previously unthinkable but currently unavoidable clashes of superpowers were to take place.
“The United States does not take threats from second-class powers and will do what is in the best interests of her citizenry. No vodka-swilling, fur-cap wearing Neanderthal can deter her from protecting the sovereign right to govern her own waters and remove a dangerous foe from her midst” the American ambassador responded.
Nat was watching as the mouthpieces of societies were talking their way into something they would be unable to retreat from. He was watching ego and bravado overtake commonsense.
“Are you sure you don’t want to make a statement, Mr. Hallowed?” Tim asked in a somewhat confused tone for he was slightly disoriented the man hadn’t agreed to answer his questions the first time. He’d watched uncountable interviews and never had they begun with the subject not speaking. He was realizing a flaw in his plan to become the next hard-hitting reporter with steely instincts and bulldog demeanor.
Nat wasn’t sure who to pay attention to. The reporter was getting on his nerves but he couldn’t very well walk up and talk to the representative of Russia if the cameras were rolling. Behind the scenes meant exactly what it described; not in front of the camera. No serious discussion of world-wide importance could possibly take place if someone with the microphone and cameraman in tow were recording his every action. He decided to give the man a little break which might allow him a bigger break.
“Okay, Mr.…?”
“Tidbit, Tim Tidbit with Channel Five News, Mr. Hallowed.”
Nat took a second look at the young reporter and saw determination, blue eyes, brown hair and just the slightest hint of stubble on the man’s face.
“What would like to ask me, Mr. Tidbit?”
“Well, sir, for starters we’d like to know what your relationship is to the various leaders of the world.”
The kid asked some good questions, he’d give him that.
“I am a security counselor.”
“A security counselor?”
“Yes.”
“What’s a security counselor? Please forgive me for my ignorance, I’ve heard of a security consultant before but never a security counselor.”
Nat smiled because he’d made the thing up on the spot. He had no idea what a security counselor was either but decided it would as well as any other and went with it.
“I am an advisor on security related issues. You see, the people you have seen me associate with are merely getting my advice on certain security aspects they are concerned about.”
“What kind of security aspects?”
The waters were getting a little rough so Nat decide to head toward shore.
“I am sorry, but those discussions are confidential. Please understand, I wish I could tell you but I am bound by agreements to keep my council my own.”
The control room was in atwitter because they were at odds with what to do. Should they stay with the young reporter who was on the scene asking questions of a man who was barely answering or return to their tried and true product who was screaming at the top of his lungs to get the cameras back on him so he could fulfill his required amount of airtime? The decision was made for them.
“Whoa! We seem to have some action taking place on the floor of the United Nations” Tim Tidbit said into the camera and everyone watched as it swung to take in the footage.
What became apparent to the viewers was the adults in the room had abandoned their posts. Representatives were rushing the stage in an attempt to get ahead of other representatives doing the same. The reasoning behind the stampede became clear as a man grabbed the microphone from the General Secretary and began shouting.
“We demand the Zionist pigs depart from our homeland! The nation of Palestine wants her lands back!”
The Middle East had decided they’d like a piece of the action.
Nat was watching as every aspect of neutrality fled from those who had attempted to stay on the sideline. He knew once religion entered through the doors she would be reluctant to leave. The chaos on the floor was reaching fever pitch and he was rapidly running out of time. Things could not continue as they were. He needed time. He wasn’t given it.
“Mr. Hallowed?”
He looked again to see the young reporter with microphone in hand and the camera behind.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Tidbit, but this does not seem the proper time to…”
“Just one question, sir.”
He didn’t know why he did it. Maybe it was the eagerness of the reporter which affected him, maybe the irrational happenings on the floor at the time, maybe the subconscious desire to change outcome by altering normal responses but he allowed the man his request.
“What is it?”
“If you were counseling the United Nations what would you tell them?”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

36) Act of Nature; Insurance Indifference
“The Wolves…” Chapter 11
“You sank the pontoon?”
“Yes, we’re very sorry, Joe” said Vivian.
“How can you sink a pontoon?”
“Um, I don’t know. We were boating along and it started to go down.”
“But it’s a pontoon, Miss Vivian? They’re impossible to sink.”
“I’m so sorry, I don’t know what happened” she answered and if I hadn’t known the truth I would’ve completely believed her for she had such a sorrowful look on her cute little face and tears welling up in her big, blue eyes.
“It’s okay, Miss Vivian, I guess sometimes things happen.”
“But you’ll be okay, right? You’ve got insurance?”
“Well…”
And that’s the greatest problem entrepreneurs face; the one-time catastrophic event they hadn’t had the time to save for because if they had the resources they’d no longer be entrepreneurs, they’d be success stories.
“How much did it cost us?” George asked.
“Forty thousand” Vivian answered.
“Huh? I thought it’d be more” he responded.
“Johnny, you’ve been quiet ever since I paid Joe. What’s the problem, do you think I paid too much?” she asked.
“I think you got taken to the cleaners” I answered.
“How?”
“There is no way a piece of wood strapped over two canoes is worth forty thousand dollars.”
“How much do you think it was worth?” asked George.
“Probably half as much.”
“Why the cheating scoundrel! I’m going back and rip his head off!”
“Why, George?”
“Because he lied, I can’t stand liars.”
“But you lied to him.”
“No I didn’t.”
“Yes you did, you said his boat accidently sank.”
“It did accidently sink.”
“You ran it onto the shore.”
“Yes, but I didn’t think it’d sink.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

37) Pro Choice; Life or Death Situation
“The Wolves…” Chapter 32
“Mistress?” interrupted Nat.
“Yes, Detective?” she replied while glaring at me with obvious hatred in her eyes.
“If I may be of help. I believe Mister Johnson is not properly acquainted with Superior decisions and I would like to take a moment and inform him of the proper etiquette to follow while in Council.”
“We shall allow it, Detective, but any more outbursts from the Forbidden will be looked upon with grave seriousness.”
“Thank you, Mistress” he said and led me up the aisle so he could speak with me alone.
 “Johnny?”
“Yes, Nat?”
“You know what’s going on, right?”
“I believe I’m being married off to Stephanie.”
“Correct.”
“I don’t want to be married off to Stephanie.”
“Why not?”
“Why not? Well, for starters, they never asked me and, secondly, I don’t know if I like the woman. Maybe she hates football? Maybe she likes to go to the opera? Did you ever think of that, Nat? What If she’s one of those women who like the theater but doesn’t want to go alone so she drags her poor husband along like some accessory or something? What if she’s…?”
“Johnny?”
“Yes, Nat?”
“You have no choice.”
“Huh?”
“You have no choice.”
“What do you mean I have no choice?”
“If you choose not to be mated with Stephanie then you will die.”
“Die? The LeTorque will kill me if I don’t accept?”
“No, but they will no longer be able to claim you as one of their own and thus no longer able to safeguard your life.”
“They won’t?”
“Nope. If you decide you will not be mated to Stephanie then the LeTorque will disown you and then…”
“And then…?”
“The Wolves in this place will rip you to shreds, Johnny.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

38) Superior Marksmanship; Magic Bullet Theorem
“The Wolves…” Chapter 5
“You need to go missing, Johnny” said Detective Nat Hallowed.
 “Missing?”
“Yes, I think it’s the best way.”
“The best way for what?” I asked.
“The best way for you to stay alive” said George.
“What are you guys talking about?”
“We’re going to war, Johnny” said Phillip.
“War? With whom?”
“We don’t know?” said George.
“You don’t know? What does that mean?”
“It means another family has decided to stake a claim on our territory.”
“You don’t know which one?”
“No” replied George.
“How will my going missing help?”
“First, it’ll probably save your life. Whatever family Melissa belongs to knows you’re a Cloak and they aren’t going to be thrilled you fell into our hands. Melissa’s probably taking quite a bit of heat for not killing you when she couldn’t get you on the helicopter.”
“But she took a shot at me, barely missed too.”
“Yeah, I was wondering; how’d she miss you?” George asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Vampires don’t miss.”
“She was in a moving helicopter; maybe her aim got screwed up?”
“I doubt it.”
“What, is she some kind of sniper or something?”
“Sort of. Vampires have the same advanced Endocrine system as Werewolves which means she has the same enhanced hormones as us. Therefore she doesn’t get nervous or twitchy when a situation goes haywire which means from fifty feet away whether on a moving helicopter or stationary perch she can put a bullet center mass every single time.”
“So?”
“So I think she wanted you to stay alive. I think she wanted us to capture you because I think she’s playing both sides in this little war.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

39) Superior Nomenclature; Inferior Categorization
“The Wolves…” Chapter 32
“We rule the LeTorque have the occupation” the Matriarch to the left said.
“Uh, Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“What’s going on?”
“We’ve gotten our occupation back.”
“Oh. That was it?”
“Uh-huh. We just had to kill the Ramos Wolves and we got our tower back.”
“What happens now?”
“Well, I guess everything  goes to back to the way it was before…”
He was going to say it would go back to the way things were before Melissa took the head of Peter North when something strange occurred; Stephanie walked over to where her infant child lay in its carrying case, lifted the child up and walked to the middle of the dance floor. The other Superiors in attendance must’ve also noticed the strange behavior because the room once again fell silent.
“Yes, Stephanie of LeTorque, do you wish to address the Council?” the Matriarch to the right said.
“Yes. I, Stephanie LeTorque, challenge Isabella Satan for her mate.”
The room erupted in sound as the Superiors heard what Stephanie said.
“What right do you have to challenge me, Stephanie?”
“Why, Isabella, can you not look upon a child sired by your Wolf and not know it for what it is?”
 The child in question was but an infant, not old enough for me to see whether it was Wolf or Vamp, but it had a good set of lungs because at the same time Stephanie questioned Isabella the child decided to wail, and when the child wailed the Wolf rose, standing his full height once again to look upon a member of LeTorque who would challenge Satan supremacy. Another strange thing occurred because for the first time I could actually feel the interest in every single Superior at the sound of the child; as though all of them were hearing something new for the first time, something different, something Superior.
“Is the child yours, Lucifer Satan?” asked the Matriarch to the left.
“The child is mine” he responded.
And the place went berserk.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

40) Mistress Ark; Superior Single Mom
“The Wolves…” Chapter 20
“Hold on! Are we talking Joan of Arc here?”
“Yes, have you heard of her?”
“Of course I’ve heard of her, everyone’s heard of her. Why would you think…? Hold on. Have you been talking to Phillip?”
“Of course, Johnny, we’re mated, we always talk.”
“And he told you…?”
“Yes, and if it’s any consolation I didn’t think a Liberal Arts degree would become worthless either.”
“Thank you. You know, they really should explain it to incoming freshman.”
“I agree, it’s only the correct thing to do. So anyway, Joan had Merry and went to challenge for the Alpha’s hand in mate-hood…”
“The Alpha?”
“The Werewolf who impregnated Joan; Merry’s father.”
“Okay, go ahead.”
“So anyway, Joan went to challenge the Alpha’s mate but was rebuffed when she arrived.”
“Excuse me?”
“Yes?”
“I thought you said Werewolves and Vampires mated for life?”
“I did.”
“Then what’s with this ‘challenging the Alpha’s mate for his hand’ thing?”
“We are mated for life but it doesn’t mean we cannot take another mate if our mated dies.”
“Huh?”
“If a Werewolf sires two young from two different Vampires he may choose to be mated with one or the other, or he may choose to mate with neither, either way he has to choose to be mated. Now, since our society is Matriarchal in nature a Werewolf would be a fool not to choose a mate because then he would find himself a Beta and never work his way up the hierarchy. The same is true of a Vampire.”
“Why? It’s a Matriarchy isn’t it? Doesn’t that mean Vampires rule?”
“Yes, it does, but remember the Matriarch of a family is the mate of the Alpha Wolf, a Wolf who is chosen by the other Wolves in the family so, in essence, the Matriarch is chosen by the Wolves.”
“Okay.”
“So, when Joan came up to challenge for the Alpha’s matehood two things could have happened; he could have accepted Joan or he could have kept his mate.”
“Why didn’t his mate just kick the cheater out?”
“Who, the Alpha?”
“Of course, the Alpha. Why didn’t his mate just kick him out or get the other Wolves to kill him or something? She was the Matriarch after all.”
“She could’ve but then she would’ve  been giving up what he had to offer.”
“What did he have to offer?”
“A family and the Matriarch itself. Remember, the Matriarch is the mate of the Alpha Wolf so if she chose to kick him out she would no longer be mated to the Alpha, an Alpha which led the family in power at the time. So, in essence, if she chose to rid herself of him she would be giving up her position of power, something she did not wish to do.”
“So the Alpha held all the cards?”
“Yes and no. You see, he was still mated so he could not pick Joan unless his mate died.”
“What?”
“Joan would need to kill the Alpha’s mate if she wished to take her place.”
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

41) Superior Production; Implanted Alteration
“The Wolves…” Chapter 32
“Uh, Phillip?”
“Yes, Johnny?”
“What’s going on?”
“We’ve gotten our occupation back.”
“Oh. That was it?”
“Uh-huh. We just had to kill the Ramos Wolves and we got our tower back.”
“What happens now?”
“Well, I guess everything  goes to back to the way it was before…”
He was going to say it would go back to the way things were before Melissa took the head of Peter North when something strange occurred; Stephanie walked over to where her infant child lay in its carrying case, lifted the child up and walked to the middle of the dance floor. The other Superiors in attendance must’ve also noticed the strange behavior because the room once again fell silent.
“Yes, Stephanie of LeTorque, do you wish to address the Council?” the Matriarch to the right said.
“Yes. I, Stephanie LeTorque, challenge Isabella Satan for her mate.”
The room erupted in sound as the Superiors heard what Stephanie said.
“What right do you have to challenge me, Stephanie?”
“Why, Isabella, can you not look upon a child sired by your Wolf and not know it for what it is?”
 The child in question was but an infant, not old enough for me to see whether it was Wolf or Vamp, but it had a good set of lungs because at the same time Stephanie questioned Isabella the child decided to wail, and when the child wailed the Wolf rose, standing his full height once again to look upon a member of LeTorque who would challenge Satan supremacy. Another strange thing occurred because for the first time I could actually feel the interest in every single Superior at the sound of the child; as though all of them were hearing something new for the first time, something different, something Superior.
“Is the child yours, Lucifer Satan?” asked the Matriarch to the left.
“The child is mine” he responded.
(return to ‘Yours Truly’)

Epilogue
The preceding transmission was intercepted employing technologies available to informant and edited for ease of recipient comprehension. For purposes of full disclosure, informer and editor are interchangeable.
Although much of testimony appears mythical, please be advised, events the defendant described have been corroborated by witness recollection and physical evidence. There is no dispute, Heaven and Hell exist, along with Werewolves, Vampires, Aliens, Zombies, and other species of dubious design.  As to intention, a few thoughts for consideration.
 “Daemon can speak to spiders.”
(Note: Session 5)
The ability was not related in abstract fashion, revealed under oath and medicated influence, yet prosecution ignored the comment, as though unimportant to overall construct. Nothing could be further from truth. Language, in whatever form taken, is a major factor in specie domination, advising allies, coordinating assault, and providing a structural basis for action. While most breeds rely on oral or visual clues, they are not absolute. Bees, birds, fish, and fungi use other techniques of communication and thrive admirably.
“The Wolf, though, balked…”
(Note: Interlude 25)
Sense is what separates Superiors, the gift to forestall unsuspected assault. Physically, as shown in manuscript, both gendered halves are lethal, able to decimate populations in mere moments, continuously at war with another, yet maintaining social structure. Only possible at inherited levels. Case in point.
“Felt his breath behind, air on base of skull while leaping for knob, only to miss when door swung open, body fell through, and Carl lost his head.”
(Note: Session 26)
A Wolf would sense it, the metal guitar-string strung high, yet he did not, lunging and cranial separation, end result. Meanwhile, all along, inside the alcove, a Vampire lurked.
“… knife in hand, semi-automatic strapped to waist, just in case…”
(Note: Session 28)
 Without defendant’s presence, Carl might be alive, anticipating the attack at lower levels, listening to instinct, heeding unconscious warnings. Even blended, a Mistress is aromatic, leaving hints to general if not specific location, and alarm-bells activate. Still, nothing was heard.
(Note: sound of silence)
One hesitated, the other attacked, opposing actions with single commonality, contrary to programming, culminating in loss of Superior offender. Defendant admits attending Cannibal’s decapitation but Frank’s beheading is another matter. Strange, since Mr. Johnson’s ability explains how Wolf could make such a foolish blunder, narrator never inquires as to whereabouts.
“We held a starter’s-pistol, and the rocket, our shot heard ‘round the world.”
(Note: Session 12)
Time plays a key part throughout, both in chronological order of Confession and Armageddon’s origin. It is the second portion which causes concern for it required the moon’s destruction and initiated, pre-invasion. All indications, early-detection of Hellion incursion, unavailable due to Mankind’s tardiness in technology race. Which begs the question.
“Why then?”
(Note: transcriber input)
A question, noticeably, unasked.
“Nothing can oppose, it has no equal, respects no boundary, accepts no leniency.”
(Note: Interlude 30)
We are not alone, never have been, never will be, till we are. Amongst our kind reside those of supernatural natures, beings designed for violent confrontation, and they’re at war. We stand little chance of survival, let alone victory, so must decide. On one hand, defendant’s family save one, siblings and those blood-bound, entities with ability to scale hierarchies and attain compensatory positions. On other side, the one, combination of Wolf and Vamp with cloaking powers included. Initial is the Monitor’s preferred preference, last survivor, Superior competition. The second is something different, disturbing to the psyche.
“… swear it was waltzing at one point.”
(Note: Session 5)
While entirely plausible, he is the Savior and Heaven’s Champion, another possibility must be considered. Master Daemon speaks Hellion and revealed their arrival.
“Chitter, chitter…”
(Note: Session 30)
They look, sound, and act as arachnoids from outer-space, advanced insects with communication skills ascribed to such individuals. Moving in mass, advancing as one, and signaling intentions, extrasensory-code.
 “… ‘buzzing’ of the mind…”
(Note: Session 30)
There is no formula, only a probability factor which, in earlier times was identified, lesser-lower-least range. But these are not those days, these are end-of-times, with fictional creatures come to life  and visitors from other worlds, uninvited. Actuary tables don’t apply when unimaginable loss, ever-present. Hence, worst-case scenario.
“Draw them in, encourage overconfidence, then…”
(Note: Interlude 30)
Master is playing the long game, seducing Superior kind into believing, Hell is easy prey. Laying the trap, planting bait, tempting predator to attack using subterfuge, sending  invasion fleet, destined to fail. Like a spider, spinning web, enticing victim to location known, injecting venom at opportune time, devouring when convenient.
“You are mine.”
(Note: Interlude 23)
It may sound farfetched, but reality is subjective, and viewpoint, all-important. To buttress the statement, a few, final revelations for contemplation. I was born Human, employed by Craft and Sons Detective Agency, and turned on the death-bed by Mistress Vivian LeTorque, a reason for living, the Burden she bears. Her sera runs through veins of others defeated, losers in viral challenges, incorporated, providing this vessel of current consciousness.
“… because I chose him, Sweetie.”
(Note: Session 8)
She is Madam, supreme in every sense of the word, a wondrous, unexplainable enchantment, with power to prevail in the hemoglobin sphere of combat.
“Vampire blood is viral…”
(Note: interlude 22)
One of a few, victors in the realm of Superiors, with serious claim to primacy. Do not let impression deceive, the picturesque figure capable, sinister actions, an emotionless killer when required. She reigns with family atop Third Clan and may soon, rule all. The others in contention, three Wolves, three Vampires, with one relative, defining characteristic, blood. More precisely, the defendant’s.
“It’s why, so few bonded.”
(Note: Session 23)
When Mistress made me Zombie with sera, she linked this body to one precise, extremely privileged group, those in the aforementioned testimony. The reason, because she herself, was bound to Mr. Johnson in a previous, binding ceremony.
(Note: The Wolves of Third Clan, near onset.)
As for others, there are none, myself, last of a certain kind, sole remaining reminder with final, introspective gift. It arrived by dream, every word spoken an exact replica for all is etched in memory. Some, a retelling of events personally witnessed, others with such detail, denial appears insane.
“… limited to your kind only…”
His blood courses through this messenger, the recipient of defendant’s pact with Heaven, deliverer of inevitable outcome, unless other measures undertaken. Mankind’s best interests coincide with Superiority, though many dismiss such notion, it stands, test of time.
  “…we need your…”
(Note Interlude 12)
For assurance of faith, I attest to the honesty and candor of confession included. As for personal guarantee of truthful identity, proof in the form of handwritten note, signed in blood by the Matriarch of Americas, included and attached for perusal.
“… passport to another world…”
(Note: Session 22)
Don’t know if information helps, but it’s the least one can do under current conditions. Hope the world wins and better days lie ahead.
Your friend and formerly Human,
Wesson
(deemed irrelevant)

The author can be contacted at;
matthewrogersdallas@gmail.com
