





ZWIVHUYA’S SHORTS…

Beautiful Sick Bastard
His
His again
The Lady & The Rock star





Beautiful sick
Bastard



Zwivhuya Chuma


C Copyright © 2021 Zwivhuya Chuma
First edition 2021
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission
from the copyright holder.
The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/
resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been
incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these
omissions at the earliest opportunity.
ISBN TBC (will be inserted at print stage)
Published by Zwivhuya Chuma using MC Publishers’ services,
@deliciousdirtyk
Chumamitchelle@yahoo.com







Dedications
To you Mmawe, this is one of many books I plan
to dedicate to you.
I miss you Granma…














PLAYLIST…
1.I’m in love with a stripper – T-pain
2.Happy now – Zedd, Elley Duhe
3.Official girl – cassie, Fransisco
4.Taki-Taki - Dj Snake, Cardi B, Selena Gomez
5.4
6.Somebody Special – Nina Nesbit
7.Ride – Somo
8.Surprise yourself – Jack Garret
9.Papa don’t preach – Madonna
10.Maroon 5 –Cold
11.Maroon 5 – Bet my heart
12.Ricky rick, mlindo the vocalist – You and I
13.DJ Kent and Nandi Ngoma – Fly away
14.Zayn Malik – let me
15.Zayn Malik – Entertainer
16.Various artists - Ungowami







CHAPTER ONE…
ZOE
I love the feeling of sand and water rushing between my toes; it is a feeling that is so refreshing and for me, mind-numbing as well. The beaches in Florida were beautiful, I have to admit though when my friend Minerva suggested we come down to Florida to unwind, I was a bit sceptical. Florida in my mind was a retirement village, I’ve got nothing against the elderly but I was not looking forward to seeing nude grannies and grandpas at the beach. this was after all their territory. I’m crazy I know, my imagination tends to go really wild and I end up coming up with crazy ass theories. So here, we were in Florida and I was having the time of my life. Looking at the water rushing past my feet, I felt a certain electricity zing through me, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up, I turned to my right just to see if somebody was watching me, when my eyes collided with the brightest green eyes I had ever seen in my life. His gaze felt like he was touching me all over, it heated my core and I felt my whole body flush. I wanted to look away from him but my head just wouldn’t turn. It was like his eyes held me in place, my eyes swept up and down his body taking him in, relishing all his deliciousness. His skin had this golden glow to it, he was cut, and hard all over. The man was huge, broad shouldered, tight abs and oh my holiness was that an eight pack…?
Well Yes, yes it was. I unconsciously wiped the drool I thought was slipping from my mouth. As if he couldn’t be any more perfect, the man also had tattoos. I couldn’t see from this distance what they were exactly, but from where I stood; on his right arm it looked like the tattoo was a head of a dragon. The tat started at his upper arm and moved on up with the tail of the dragon going around his neck and ending behind his left ear I think, I needed a closer look to be certain. Looking up and down his body to see if he had any more ink my eyes zoned in on his hips to that delicious V-line on a man’s body that was a pathway to the good stuff, he looked to have stars on both sides and those stars disappeared beneath his swim trunks damn…
I think I licked my lips thinking about possible ways those pants couldaccidentally fall off. He smirked at me and I felt it all the way to my toes, I was giddy and excited until well the worst thing happened. A beautiful leggy blonde, who looked like she belonged on the cover of a magazine, really the woman was beautiful, all tall, sexy slender, big boobs that looked like they would slip out of her bikini top and shiny shoulder length blonde locks that looked professionally done, girl had it going on.
Anyway so she shows up and wraps her leggy self around Mr Hotness and lays a serious tongues involved kiss on him, she was literally fucking his mouth with hers. Look away, look away I said to myself but my stupid eyes wouldn’t look away from him and how he was taking the kiss. When I moved my eyes to his, his green gaze penetrated my brown one, what in the actual hell, sick bastard. I finally managed to look away, and move my body towards the direction where I left my friend sun bathing; away from that beautiful sick bastard. Before I knew it, I was standing in front of my friend and shaking my head in frustration, loss and confusion at the loss, how could I feel loss for something I never had? How could one look evoke so many feelings inside of me, some of which I hadn’t even felt before? And just my luck the man turns out to be a player. Minerva handed me some carbonated water
“Drink up Zoe; we need to get back to the condo, to get ready for our night out”
I turned and looked at her
“Who are you and what have you done with my friend?”
She laughed
“Good girl Minerva is on a break right now, besides what the hell is wrong with me wanting to celebrate your success. Your book is being made into a movie babe that in itself demands a celebration”
I laughed and nodded my approval, besides I could really use a drunken night out, some great fun to take my mind of that beautiful sick bastard. I had never felt so connected to a person in my whole 28 years of life, when he looked at me, it was like he really saw me and the guy was a stranger. Beautiful as he was I had no time for players, one devastating heartbreak was enough for this lifetime. I shivered, the man was beautiful though.
“So are you going to tell me what knocked you off kilter?”
I looked at my friend and took a long sip of my carbonated water.
“It’s nothing, just me being silly.”
“Ok so tell me anyway”
I sighed I was not going to escape this conversation
“I had a connection with a stranger”
I groaned
“I have never felt like that towards a man, not even with Richard. It was new.”
Min was excited bouncing up and down on her lounger chair, seriously though who was this bitch, it’s like we landed in Florida and she changed, from reserved and quiet to wild and wonderful in three days I loved it, just took some getting used to.
“And you said this was something silly, where is he I want to hug him.”
“Oh that’s the silly part I told you about. Some leggy blonde already beat you to it.”
She frowned
“He was wrapped around some model, when I was finally able to walk away, that Beautiful sick bastard had his eyes on me, while his tongue was down her throat, and I swear it felt like he was taunting me to say or do something.”
Minerva laughed
“Beautiful sick bastard Huh
Exactly how did this BSB look?”
I took another long sip of my drink hoping to cool my cheeks.
“Girl, think Thor only bigger with an eight pack and bright green eyes. The man had this golden glow around him, I literally had to wipe my mouth and chin because I thought I was drooling. Thank God I wasn’t, though I can’t say the same about my other lady parts.”
The bitch laughed at me, seriously who needs enemies with friends like this.
“And you say Thor only bigger also had his eyes on you?”
I snorted, a very un-lady like thing to do, but hey, I’m on vacation alright.
“His gaze literally felt like it was touching me. I didn’t have to look at him to know
that he was looking at me.”
Min seemed to be thinking things over, although I am not sure what there was tothink about
“The fact that you were even aware of him gives him major points in my book. The whole model thing, yeah that puts him on shaky ground, especially if she is not just a fling. We don’t do cheaters.”
I gaped at her, was she serious right now? Never mind, what we needed to do now, was to wipe BSB out of our minds and not encourage fantasies about him all naked and looking delicious.
“I know that look Zoe, you are already writing BSB off as a non-entity aren’t you?”
Rhetorical question…
“You know me so well.” I said sarcastically
She pinched her face in disapproval
“Don’t do it…”
I was exasperated now
“How can you possibly say that after what I told you? What if I was the woman, it would have seriously sucked to see my man’s attention on someone else with me wrapped around him like that.” 
She nodded, but you could see she still wanted to argue
“Yeah honey, but trust me if you were the one wrapped around him, he wouldn’t
be looking anywhere else, did you think that maybe she saw how BSB was eye
fucking you and decided to step in to make you jealous? I bet you he didn’t even know her, I mean if he looked as good as you say he did, that means random skanks throw themselves at him all the time”
“You’re my friend; you’re supposed to come up with this shit to make me feel better, but we are too old for that shit. Menopause will be knocking soon”
“Shut up we are not even thirty yet, and it’s the truth if I were lesbian, I was so snatching you up, those boobs alone say enough”
I groaned, not this conversation again. When we turned, 25 and we were still single, we had a Harry potter movie marathon and got drunk halfway through the half-blood prince and Min decided that we needed to make a pact, that if we got to 35 and we were still single we would marry each other. I was drunk but not that drunk to shake on that pact, we would be horrible lesbians, and besides where would we even start on the relationship front. Instead, I said we would remain best friends and spinsters together. I thought I closed that door.
“This conversation is officially closed. Are you ready to head back, maybe get some food before we get ready?”
“Fine, I still say don’t just brush this off.”
She said while gathering her things, getting ready to leave the beach. I was no man stealer; I was definitely brushing this thing with BSB off. We got to the condo, and ordered take out. While we waited for the food, Minerva decided on taking a bubble bath while I opted for the shower, tonight was going to be great, it just had to be.



***************



CHAPTER TWO
BLAZE
Coming to Florida to lay low and chill before my next big project was an ingenious idea. I looked over to my bodyguard/best friend Marcus and nodded my approval to him for this vacation choice. Right now, we were at this club, directly across from the beach. The energy was wild; couples were grinding against each other on the dance floor, women who passed by us flirted and showed off what was on offer. I liked where this was going. Marcus got us in the VIP section where things were a bit calmer and we could hear each other speak. Marcus grinned at me
“Are you relaxed?”
“We’ve only been here for two days; the jury is still out on that one.”
Marcus wiggled his eyebrows at me
“At least the disguise works; nobody has recognised you yet.”
Now that was an upside, being in the entertainment industry famous meant no privacy and the only way I could enjoy myself or get peace was to be incognito. My Agent called me a week ago, telling me about an offer of a lifetime. A lead role in an up and coming movie called Blatant Heat; I would be playing lead with hot and sexy as hell famous actress Liliana Rade. This was big for my career and of course, I accepted the offer. This being my first movie role, I wanted to give it my all and make it a success. I read the novel so I could wrap my mind around the story, but I needed more insight. I needed to find the Author, so she could tell me her thoughts, tell me more about the male lead (Damien Landi) call it research. I needed her so that I could play the part to the best of my ability. That is I am assuming that she is a woman, she writes all her novels under a pseudo name, all correspondences went through her agent, and he was not very forthcoming with her information. Luckily, for me Marcus had some connections we could use to uncover this Author and we were now just passing time in Florida while we waited for our contacts to come through.
As we sat down, putting thoughts of business on hold until further notice; the women in the club started going crazy to Jamie Fox’s Blame it song. It was as if their reason to drink just came on and they went wild. We looked towards the dance floor and I caught a glimpse of the darkest black waist length hair that I had ever seen, that hair reminded me of an angel I saw at the beach today. She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, if she had been waist deep in the water I would have thought that she was a mermaid. She was looking at her toes and had the most peaceful look on her face, at that moment I envied her that. In that moment, I would have sold my soul just to know what she was thinking of. She turned towards me and our eyes collided, she froze and I felt of kilter, especially when those expressive brown eyes landed on me. I felt a zing go through my body and I was light headed. It was as if her gaze saw right through me. She was checking me out, her eyes smouldered when she looked at my lips and they glazed over when they got to my eight pack and lower down my body. I loved seeing her emotions and reactions on her face. I don’t even think she was aware that her face was so open and that I could tell what she was thinking when she looked at me. I found for the first time in my life that I enjoyed having this woman look at me like a piece of meat she wanted to devour me and I wanted her to. She was startlingly beautiful she was short and petite, which made her automatically evoke a man’s protective nature. She was curvy and soft and I loved it, that red bikini she wore made her look like she belonged at the playboy mansion and that ass man I wanted to take a bite out of that ass. I needed to know her name, needed to know what her voice sounded like.
As I was about to make my move, Misty or Macy some chick who was our waitress where we ate last night, showed up from nowhere and threw herself at me and smashed her lips on mine. My eyes remained on the angel and I saw the disappointment on her face when, she finally turned around and walked away. She missed seeing me get the chick off me with the help of Marcus, and when I looked around for her, she was gone. Damn it.
“Are you going to sulk all night, or are we going to have some fun and get some pussy, before we set off to find this Author we are looking for?”
I looked at Marcus as if he had lost his mind, granted the man has finally gotten over his divorce with that slut Stephanie who cheated on him and tried to pass on twin boys as his when he was clearly not the father. That bitch almost destroyed my friend, but she got hers and now that gold digger was trying to get my friend back. Yeah right when hell froze over. This vacation was for him as much as it was for me. We needed a break from our lives and he needed to fuck. Four years of celibacy was fucken nuts; the sperm backlog alone would drive me crazy.
“Yeah buddy, let’s go drown in some pussy.”
As we were about to call the waitress over to get our drinks, the commotion at the dance floor drew our attention to two hot babes who were moving to DJ Snake’s Taki Taki song and damn if they didn’t look good doing it. They owned that floor. When the one with the long black hair looked up my world stopped, it was Angel and she was wearing a black crop top, which looked like it tied behind her neck and at the middle of her back. She also had on a high waisted black skirt that was midthigh and twirled with her when she moved. She looked hot in an innocent kind of way and right there in that moment, I knew exactly how Damien felt when he saw his girl on the dance floor for the first time. Seriously, it should be illegal for hips to move like that. I hated the way the men in the club were eating her up. I turned to look at Marcus and his attention was on Angel’s little brown haired friend. She looked like a feisty little pixie and had a crazy body. She had on a silver sparkly dress that hugged all her curves and reached her thighs, both women had black open toe heels Angel with red nail polish and little pixie with black at least it looked black in the club. Like Angel, she also brought out that over- protective side in a man. I could hear Marcus growling and I knew it was time we claimed what was ours.
“Let’s go get them.”
He nodded and we went downstairs. By the time we got there, the song was over and the women were not on the dance floor anymore. I scanned the crowd looking for them and found them at the bar drinking shots with some drunk men. Now it was my turn to growl. I turned and walked in their direction and Marcus followed, Pixie saw us approaching first and said something to Angel. She turned around saw us then turned back and gave Pixie a nod. Pixie looked back at me, her eyes scanning me from top to bottom. Then she whispered back to Angel and they both started laughing, I saw Angel mouth something like “life is not fair” and shake her head they ordered two more shots for themselves ignoring us. We got to them just as they finished their new shots, Marcus on Pixie’s side and me next to my Angel. We stood next to them for a full minute and they still ignored us
“The fuck’s up “I cleared my throat
“Can we get you another round?”
They both rolled their eyes, and then the Pixie turned and looked at me smirking
“Well, well, well if it isn’t the infamous BSB.”
Angel choked on something, and my heart stopped when she said infamous I thought my cover was blown, that they recognised me. Marcus stiffened too. Pushing my panic aside I carried on with the introductions, something was wrong here; I needed to know what they knew.
“My friend and I would like to introduce ourselves.”
They both turned and looked at Marcus giving him a once over, no reaction from Angel but Pixie’s eyes widened a bit before she regained her composure; then as if they planned it they faced the bar without turning to look at me. Pixie looked at Angel for a bit she looked tense, was I making her uncomfortable. Then she turned her gaze on me and said
“Go away BSB we’re good.”
What the Fuck was a BSB, Marcus was trying very hard not to laugh while I was getting really irritated. I looked at Marcus and gave him the nod, we were not getting any answers in this noise it was time we secluded them from the noise and prying eyes. We scooped them up over our shoulders and headed back to the VIP booth we had. The whole time they were throwing punches on our backs and promising to karate chop us if we didn’t put them down. That was not happening; this was not how I wanted to meet her again but if this was what fate was giving me then I was definitely taking it.


***************




CHAPTER THREE
Zoe
“Oh my God, oh my God, they are going to rape us and kill us, Why, Why did I wear my best thong tonight?”
Minerva was going on and I was trying my hardest not to laugh. We were upside down on two huge shoulders being carried upstairs somewhere and Min’s ramblings were driving me nuts.
“The world has gone to shit, if two men who look like this need to resort to abduction and Rape. There is no hope left”
This witch was goading these guys and instead of panicking, I was laughing my ass of on BSB’s shoulder. I was 100% sure; they could hear her because BSB tensed up every time Min said rape. What a day, shit like this does not happen to us at home. Ok so at home we dress down and look like 28-year-old geeks we have our reasons; our motto is “no attention is good attention”. It was a defence mechanism yes, and it works for us. Now look what dressing up got us. What really had me caught up though was the fact that I was in BSB’s arms even though he was abducting us. Laughing I thought to myself, look who is wrapped around him now. Min stopped hitting the cement block that was carrying her and looked at me, and then it looked like she shivered in delight oh God Bruce Banner (he was the size of the hulk) over there just spanked my friend. I raised an eyebrow at her and she just shrugged. They led us up the stairs to where I am guessing was one of the VIP lounges. The room’s walls were glass; the carpet looked soft and white, and Heaven forbid I should spill a drink in here. The lighting was dim and warm. They put us on our feet and steadied us so that we didn’t fall. We looked them over, gathering all their features for the police later when we escape, while hiding how much they affected our lower regions. They let us take them in; I finally looked at Bruce Banner and oh, my God the man was beautiful, hell did they come out of some club we don’t know about that only has beautiful men as members or what? Bruce was hot in a mature way, not the boyish kind. He was a bit shorter than BSB but way broader. That did not matter to us who was taller because we were short and we literally had to look up to look at their faces. Bruce had the kindest blue eyes that I have ever seen on a man, which was funny since they abducted us and according to Min, they were planning to rape us too. I turned to Min
“Do you see his eyes?”
“Don’t fall for it; they just want you to feel a fake sense of security right before they pounce”
I covered my laugh with a cough and looked at Bruce Banner
“Yeah, but they make him look innocent”
She stomped her foot
“Hey, if he is hanging out with BSB, he cannot be trusted.”
She raised an eyebrow at me, I sighed and nodded she had a point. I looked at the guys who were looking at us like we were mad, though Bruce looked more amused than anything while BSB looked confused huh…Anyway I took my “I am lion here me roar“ stance and said
“Ok then, bring those dicks over here, no need to draw this out, but don’t think for even a moment that we won’t fight back.”
Bruce burst out laughing and BSB raised his hands up in a surrender gesture. Min was already in her defensive stance as well when she said
“Yeah, we’ve got knives and we are not afraid to use them, let’s see who will have the last laugh.”
I couldn’t believe we were taunting these guys, we were the biggest scardy cats in the world and we didn’t know how to fight for shit; but here we were taking on men who were twenty times our size. They looked at us in horror scanning our bodies trying to figure out where we could have possibly hidden the knives I’m guessing
“Wait, wait, wait we don’t want to harm you.”
Min snorted, like shut up BSB
“Yeah strangers’ manhandling innocent women, that leads us to believe that you come in peace”
She rolled her eyes; this fool was going to get us killed. They both sighed and then Bruce Banner came forward
“Ladies, we apologise for our cave man act, may we please start over?”
He seemed so sincere and gentle sounding for a giant and I for one was cracking. I looked at Min and she was cracking to, we looked at Bruce and nodded for him to go on while folding our arms.
“My name is Marcus, and this here is my best friend Blaze. We are on vacation from LA; we are not rapists or abductors. We saw you on the dance floor and we just had to meet you, classic boy meets girl. I promise”
I liked the name Bruce Banner better, we nodded still sceptical but ok
“Thanks for clearing that up, we’ll be on our way now.”
We made to run for the door, but of course, they stopped us. I needed out having BSB’s eyes on me was driving me up the wall. Min groaned and looked at Bruce
“Look Bruce”
I laughed because damn we had been thinking the same thing about Marcus.
“As I was saying Bruce, you are hot as fuck and maybe you don’t have a small penis or whatever, it doesn’t matter we are not interested because you hang out with BSB, over there and we don’t do cheaters or players.”
Well said my friend, BSB tensed and it felt like this situation was about to blow. BSB moved closer to us but looked at me when he asked
“What did I do?”
Oh, Lord Jesus that voice should be illegal, I felt myself swaying towards him, wanting to wrap myself with the sound of his voice. I swallowed the knot in my throat trying to calm down my nerves and my horny ass. I focused my answer to Bruce
“Nothing, we just want to leave before your girlfriends get here. Nobody needs that kind of drama.”
Bruce looked confused
“I guarantee that we are both single, can we get your names”
“I am Minerva and this is my best friend Zoe.”
Bruce smiled at Min and looked at her as if she was the only one in the room. Imelted for them. Oh we were so discussing this when we got back to the condo. We turned to leave as quickly as we could, I really couldn’t handle having BSB’s eyes on me any longer. When we got to the door, BSB spoke up
“What the hell does BSB mean?”
Min laughed and looked at me; this was going to be embarrassing. I squared my shoulders and looked at him while I opened the door
“Beautiful Sick Bastard”
I ran out before I could see his reaction, coward that I was. Min was still cracking up behind me.
“I told you not to write him off”
“Shut up wife of Bruce Banner”
That shut her up real quick.
Blaze
Marcus stopped laughing and wiped tears away from his cheeks.
“So you going to explain to me, why you are the reason, we just lost our women?”
I ran my fingers through my hair frustrated, what I could gather from that scene was that Angel couldn’t get out of here quick enough and it was because of me.
“I think the waitress, cock blocked us; not that we would have gotten any, they look like they would makes us work hard for it.”
Marcus groaned
“I am so ready to grovel, I’ll tell you that much.”
“Zoe is the mermaid I saw at the beach”
“What… small world man”
“Yeah, and she thinks I am a cheat.”
“Hey they think we are both cheats, me by association thank you for that BSB. Are we going to prove them wrong or let them walk away? I know what my answer is Blaze, What’s yours?”
“We’re not five Marc, we can’t go around running after women who don’t want us, and sexual harassment suits are a bitch.”
He laughed at me for saying that and patted my head, idiot
“Clearly you weren’t paying attention. Let me enlighten you buddy; they want us, they want us bad. Problem is you getting yourself kissed by random strangers.”
I sighed
“They called us rapists”
Marcus laughed again
 “We did carry them up here without their permission. When I saw you this afternoon you said to me that your world stopped moving when you laid eyes on her, was that a lie”
I groaned
“No”
He looked me straight in the eye and said
“The earth moved when I saw Minerva, I don’t exactly know what that means for me, but I am going to find out. Don’t let what could be the best thing for you slip you by Blaze.”
He patted my shoulder and left. I was a wreck, all because she wouldn’t look at me the whole time she was here. I could see her fighting with herself, resisting the urge to look at me. What did I do, was it because of what happened at the beach or was she taken; could it really be that the connection that I felt was one sided. Man but she felt so good in my arms
***********
CHAPTER FOUR
Zoe
“So, are we going to talk about Bruce?”
Min laughed, stalling tactics. I would let her take her time, but not with this. This was huge, Min didn’t like people touching her and yet she had a delightful orgasm in the hands of a man we just met. She cleared her throat and said
“Yeah, how crazy is it that we both thought he looked like the hulk, well his body anyway.”
I was not letting her get out of having this conversation
“Min, the man spanked you and you came, you want to fill me in on that, and before you think to duck and dive, know that I will make my own assumptions and you will not like the outcome.”
She groaned and rolled her eyes at me like she was saying you dumb bitch.
 “Says the girl, who was avoiding the man who couldn’t take his eyes off her”.
“Wow. Are we five? Ok don’t tell me.”
We were currently sitting on a couch, TV on but neither one of us was paying attention to what was playing. Min sighed and gulped down her glass of wine, before she took a piece of chocolate from the bowl on the table. We were both lost in our thoughts contemplating the events of the night. Having seen BSB twice was messing with my mind especially when I thought I would never see him again, come on things like this just don’t happen in real life. The fact that he had me in his arms, well I was not ready to go there yet.
“I felt a connection, when we were at the bar and looking him over. When our eyes collided, everything in me fell into place it was like I was being put back together. We Zinged. When I was in his arms, I swear Nandi and Kent were telling us to fly away”.
I looked at her, smiling like a fool. Min was finally opening up, after years of being closed up of doubting herself because of her asshole ex, this was like getting water after being stranded in a desert for days. She was looking at me gauging my reaction, her eyes were pleading with me to tell her that she was crazy, because she was afraid. The feelings scared her; we have both been hiding and avoiding a lot of things because of our pasts. I think it was finally time we stopped running and started living or we would really end up as spinsters. I moved closer to her on the couch and hugged her.
“We are so screwed honey.”
She cried laughed, but I knew she agreed with me.
“So…” I said
“So…” She said
“He spanked you once and you came… Exactly How backed up were you.”
She laughed
“You’re one to talk, and besides he hit my butt twice and all the while before that I was wiggling around and my clit was making contact with his shoulder or his nipple, point is I was rubbing off on something.”
I was dead, it didn’t get better than this, oh my word. This vacation just got a whole lot interesting.
“I’m here babe, and if the pussy wants Bruce, you give the pussy some Bruce ok.”
“What about BSB.”
“What about him? I won’t let that get in the way, besides there is nothing going on between us, it was a fluke.”
She rolled her eyes at me
“Uh-huh, I’m telling you Zoe the man couldn’t take his eyes of you, the entire time that we were there.”
“It doesn’t matter, not when there is another woman involved. Hey by the way don’t you think BSB looked kinda familiar though?”
She thought about it, scrunched her nose even and then shook her head in the negative.
“What if we never see them again?”
I smiled, the way Bruce was looking at her, I didn’t think he would let her go that easily. I had a feeling they would find us again.
“Honey, I don’t think you need to worry about that, Bruce Banner will definitely find you.”
“Oh God, what if I accidentally call him Bruce in bed”
I died laughing on the floor 
“Oh honey, then you better hope that he really turns green.”
She just made my night; (what if I accidentally call him Bruce) get out of here, ha. Shortly after that we went to bed, light hearted and happy. I was happy for my girl this was definitely welcome. At least one of us would be getting some action.


**************



Blaze
The call when it came came early and it rocked my world. Marcus’s contacts came through for me, Zoe turned out to be the Author I was looking for, this complicated things a little but I was sure I could find a way to work around it. The girls did not know who I was and I wanted it to stay that way, at least for now. I had to thread carefully with my plan, there must be a reason why she didn’t want the world to know who she was, just like I needed to hide mine. What I needed to do was get to know her and get her talking about Blatant Heat, everything in me told me that I needed her input to make this role a success, to make her proud of her work too. I wanted to portray Damien through her eyes, and what beautiful brown eyes they were. Marcus walked in to the kitchen laptop in hand
“So this complicates things.”
“What?”
“Zoe being the girl we’re looking for. Blaze you can’t play her, especially if she made the earth move for you. Hang on, I am not saying don’t ask her about the book, what I ‘m suggesting is that you be upfront with her, let her know who you are and ask for her help.”
He was right of course, but I couldn’t reveal myself yet, I just had a feeling she would be comfortable with me being a nobody. Ironic since my character also lied to his girl about who he was. I wasn’t exactly lying, I just did not tell her that I was famous, it’s a minor detail. She would open up to me as Blaze I just knew it.
“The plan stays Marc, do you know where she’ll be today?”
He looked disappointed, but I knew what I was doing, he just had to trust me.
“No, but I know where they are staying”
I grinned 
“Grab your keys; we are taking the girls out for breakfast.”
Zoe opened the door; she looked at Marcus first than at me and shrugged. Ok not the reaction I was hoping for, but at least she was in front of me. She looked sexy in her black sleep shorts and a white t-shirt that had a picture of what looked to be Ron weasley’s face , Angel was a Harry Potter Fan.
“Min, Bruce is here for you.”
She shouted from the door. She looked at us again and shook her head, I’m guessing she didn’t want to know how we found them but, at the same time she expected it. The pixie came downstairs; she and Marcus were caught in a stare down neither one willing to look away first. The chemistry between them was obvious, how did I miss it yesterday. Marcus cleared his throat and said “hi” to her. Pixie blushed, I would not have believed it if I had not seen it for myself. The dragon spitfire was blushing “Hi” she said back. I looked at Angel and she looked just as amused as I was. She must have felt me looking at her, because then she turned and looked at me. Everything seemed to fall away at that moment, her lips parted a bit and I wanted to kiss her right then. I must have moved towards her because suddenly she ran up the stairs.
“Leave my friend alone BSB.”
I looked back at pixie and she was fuming; why, what was she so angry about. Was it possible that she was afraid of me?
“You had the chance to have her wrapped around you, and you passed it up. We don’t do two timers; now Marcus tells me that we are going out for breakfast, let’s go.”
I looked up the stairs; I couldn’t leave without at least trying to explain myself. I looked at Pixie and grabbed both her hands in mine
“Please let me talk to her, I can fix it, it was all just a misunderstanding.”
She looked sceptical, but I could see she was sort of kinda on my side. I would never intentionally hurt Zoe, not with the way I felt about her. Something told me that she was the one, and I couldn’t let her slip through my fingers.
“Please, I promise I will fix it.”
She sighed
“She is going to kill me for leaving you here BSB, Don’t make me regretit.”
Marcus gave me a nod and took pixie’s hand, leading her out of the door. I looked towards the stairs again, my heart beating widely. This was it, time to make her mine. I slowly walked up the stairs, there was music coming from one of the rooms, I recognised the song, it was big in South Africa I think it was called “You and I” by Ricky Rick and Mlindo the vocalist. My girl had good taste in music. I walked towards that room and knocked, after a few minutes a wet Zoe opened the door wrapped in a blue towel that drove me crazy. Her eyes widened when she saw me and her hands automatically went up to hold the towel in place. We stood in her doorway both content to just look at each other, both of us drinking each other in. she looked like she was thinking, about something and then she looked in to my eyes and said
“Take off your shirt?”

************
Zoe
He looked confused, like he was not quite sure that he heard me correctly, heck I surprised myself too, but I just had to know what that tattoo he had was about, and if it really was a dragon, not knowing was driving me nuts. I could still see what looked like a tail from his neck going around his left ear. He slowly started lifting his Henley from his body and revealed that 8 pack that I had recently started dreaming about. As soon as he was done his body was on display for me, I quickly turned my eyes towards the tattoo on his arm and was gratified to see that it really was a dragon, it looked like something from Dragon ball Z combined with something mystical from Pokémon, and it was beautiful. He saw me looking at it and said
“It’s a mythical water dragon, I don’t really know if something like this exists; but I wanted one and the guy who did my ink designed this one especially for me.”
I was intrigued, the dragon was blue, it had a long neck, which almost made it look like it was a snake. It looked like it was just relaxing in the water, with its front legs resting on the ground and the rest of its body submerged in water, with the tail out curving around his neck and behind his ear. The water dragon was so beautiful; I felt like it was drawing me into him. It looked so real up close I felt like I should get one too. I looked at where the tail went from his shoulder to his neck and behind his ear; I wanted my tongue to follow the same path. My breathing was getting shallow, my heart was hammering in my chest and when I finally looked at his face, his eyes were looking at my mouth. I was in trouble. I licked my suddenly dry lips and said
“Thank you, I just wanted to see it.”
BSB without his shirt on was temptation wrapped in Caramel. I needed to get dressed before I did something stupid. As I was retreating back in to my room hewrapped his fingers around my wrist and stopped me. I looked at where we were touching and then looked back up at him
“I need to talk to you, please” he said
“Ok, I’ll meet you downstairs.”
He nodded and let me go. I closed my door, and got dressed, I didn’t know what he wanted to talk about, was I interested in what he had to say, you bet your ass I was. I went downstairs and found him in the kitchen with some juice, I looked around for Marcus and Minerva but both of them were nowhere in sight.
“So… What did you want to talk about?”
He stood up from his chair and walked towards me; we were chest to chest when he finally stopped in front of me. He put his fingers on my chin and lifted it up so that I would look at him. When our eyes met, he moved his face closer to mine and lightly pressed his lips on mine, I didn’t move away and that must have been the permission he wanted because he deepened the kiss. He pulled me in to him and devoured my lips, the man kissed like a dream too. Damn why did he have to be so perfect. I had to pull myself away. The man had a girlfriend and now he had his tongue down my throat and it was soooooooo good, it was but, I had to stop this now. I pulled away from him and put some distance between us. He groaned, yeah we were both frustrated.
“She is not my woman; I am looking at my woman right now. I don’t even know who the hell she was”
He pushed his hands through his hair and looked at me. He just called me his
Woman.
What did I do with that? I didn’t know BSB but we were connected to each other somehow and because of that, it had really hurt to see him kissing that woman. I folded my hands across my chest and mentally prepared myself for this conversation.
“So why was your tongue down her throat?”
He sighed
“It wasn’t, I had my eyes on you, I didn’t even realise that she was kissing me until you walked away from me”.
“What?”
“That’s the truth Zoe, all of my attention was on you, in that moment there was nobody around us, and it was just me and you. All I wanted was to get to you and keep you. When you turned around and walked away that’s when the connection broke, and I realised what you must have thought. I swear to you angel, there is nothing going on between that woman and I.”
“So you just go around letting random women put their lips on yours?”
“Well no, I always block their advances, especially when they are not welcome.”
He moved closer to me and put his hands around my waist, we looked at each other, but he still didn’t block her advance on him. He still let her lips touch his damn it.
“Are you a cheater or a man-whore, what am I dealing with here exactly Blaze?”
He cleared his throat and looked in my eyes
“I have never been a cheater, and I would like to think of myself as a reformed man-whore”
“Reformed since when?”
“Since I met you”
I rolled my eyes, that was a line right, he was smooth talking me, but his eyes looked so sincere. Ok so we were not making lifetime commitments right now, I could roll with the punches and then when the vacation ends, we could both be better off with this experience right, it’s not like I would see him again after this. A man this hot did not belong in my reality. So why did my heart clench so painfully at the thought of never seeing him again.
“One chance Blaze that is all I can give you.”
“That’s all I need Angel.”
“I am not asking you to change your lifestyle for me, just asking you not to fuck anyone else until we’re through.”
“You’re mine now Angel, now get that dumb ass shit out of your head and let me claim my woman with a kiss.”
Ok so this escalated quickly, but I really wanted him, even if it was just for this vacation. Every woman deserved to have an experience with an Adonis. I wrapped my arms around his neck and looked up at him
“I just have one question for you,” he said, I nodded
“Why do you call me BSB?”
I cleared my throat, shit I did not see this one coming. I stepped away from him for a bit so that I could explain myself.
“Well, because there you were this beautiful Adonis, looking like you were made out of gold, with your hot as hell body and your dreamy eyes being kissed by a woman who looked like she was created just for you and you, you had your eyes on me the whole time. It was like a “what the fuck moment.”
He laughed, and pulled me back in to his arms
“Baby, you should have been flattered.”
“Yeah, but I wasn’t. It bothered me and it made you look like a bastard, already looking for his next fuck while Goldilocks’s tongue was still down your throat. I wouldn’t have like that if you did that to me while I was in your arms.”
His arms tightened around my waist, he looked like he saw my point, but he was a guy so we needed to give him a minute.
“I never thought about it that way; I’m sorry Angel my actions nearly cost me you. I will never do anything to jeopardise us.”
Before I could react, his lips were on mine like glue; he licked my bottom lip, which made me gasp, and gave him the opportunity to slip his tongue into my mouth. He pulled me tighter to him and I moaned in to his mouth, making him deepen the kiss further. The man was a great kisser making all logical thought leave my mind. I wanted him to take me right there on that kitchen table. My hands were in his hair, my fingers loving the feeling, I was a goner. BSB had me trapped and I liked it. He pulled away so that we could both get some much needed air. The look he gave me was primal it reflected the same hunger that I had for him. He licked his lips and my lady bits throbbed, his pupils dilated in front of me and his lips parted. There was no turning back now, I jumped his ass, proprietary be damned. He caught me in his arms as I wrapped my legs around his hips and devoured his lips. There was nothing subtle about where I wanted that kiss to lead and his large hands squeezing my butt let me know we were on the same page. His kiss made me dizzy, I wanted more of him, he could give me everything and it still wouldn’t be enough. Right now with his lips on mine and his hands on my butt, I knew it was going to be hard to let him go when the time came. He moved us closer to the kitchen counter and sat me on it. We stopped kissing, he ran his fingers through my hair and started kissing up my neck, when he got to my ear he whispered
“Let’s go surfing.”
I pulled back and looked at him dumb folded
“What?”
He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me to him again.
“We’re getting to know each other first, Zoe. I told you I was a reformed Manwhore; we are going to do this right.”
I groaned, I was seriously beginning to rethink this whole reformed man-whore thing. I wanted him inside of me now. I can’t believe how whiny I sounded but hey it is what it is. I pulled his face closer to mine, kissed his lips, and then whispered in his ear
“I have no panties on Blaze.”
Then I looked up at him and bit my lip. He looked up towards the ceiling and groaned, praying for strength I think
He blew out a breath and looked at me
“Please love, I want to do this right, let me.”
“Ok.”
“Ok?”
“Yes, ok. What do I need to go surfing and just so you know, I don’t know how.”
He smiled at me big, and then kissed the tip of my nose.
“You’re cute, when you pout.”
“I am not pouting, now what do I need to take with me?”
“Nothing, we’ll get everything we need at the beach.”
“Alright, let me just get my sun lotion, towel and glasses. I highly doubt that I am going to make it on that surf board, so I will be content to relax and watch you.”
I hoped off the counter before he could say anything and ran up to my room to gather my stuff.


***********

CHAPTER FIVE
Blaze
Our first stop was the surf shop close to the beach. My girl had her bikini on under her clothes I could see the straps around her neck. I just needed to get her a wet suit and buy us some boards. She was looking out of the window at the moment biting her bottom lip. That shit turned me on, she was driving me crazy and she didn’t even know it. I had to keep myself in line; I could not fuck her until I told her the truth, until she knew who I really was. I looked at her again and she was still biting her lip I groaned inwardly this was going to be the hardest thing I ever had to do.
“Penny for your thoughts.” I heard myself say
She looked at me and smiled, man but she was beautiful when she smiled like that
 “What is your full name?”
My heart thundered and then stalled. I was not lying to her; half-truths were not lies I tried to reason with myself.
“Blaze McGarrett”
She laughed
“OH, my God, any relation to Jackson McGarrett, you do kinda look like him.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat
“No, I have a sister not a brother. Who is this guy anyway; I might just shoot him for making your eyes sparkle like that.”
She looked so excited
“Well, he is this pop star, he is absolutely gorgeous. I have all of his albums the man’s voice is delicious not like yours obviously, but, if he sang to me on my death bed, I feel like I would kick death’s ass and come back to life. Just to hear him sing.”
I laughed a little, flattered but I still felt like shit, here she was talking about me and
I was lying to her
 “Are you trying to make me jealous babe?”
She looked shocked for a moment; it knocked my chest cavity loose
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel self-conscious.”
I laughed, a little, flattered that she was talking about me and feeling shitty because I was lying to her.
“What’s your full name?”
“Zoe Naledi Matloha.”
My eyes widened, and she laughed
“My daddy was African and my mother was Irish, my mother’s genes took over a lot
but I got my daddy’s eyes and his side of the family’s genes when it comes to my
Obvious female parts”
“Hips and ass” she whispered I laughed then stopped abruptly
“Age”
She gave me a look and then said
“I am old enough to have sex, that’s how old I am”
I burst out laughing; yep keeping my dick away from her was going to be very hard. She folded her hands across her chest and looked out of the window again. I realised that I didn’t quite like it when her attention was not on me, I couldn’t read her mind so I didn’t know what she was thinking and not hearing her voice bothered me. I took one of her hands and held it in mine while I drove, at least that way I felt connected to her. She looked shocked at first and then relaxed in to it with a little smirk on her face.
“I am not getting on that Board Blaze.”
We were done at the surf rental shop and I had just explained to her the basics of surfing, but baby girl was not having it, she wanted nothing to do with being on that board. I looked around, we were in a secluded part of the beach and there was a bit of a hill that concealed prying eyes from seeing us.
“Zoe Naledi Matloha, get on that board before I spank you”.
She stood up from the sand, pulled her shades off her face and raised an eyebrow at me
“Maybe I want you to spank me Blaze”
She pulled the back zipper of her wet suit down, pulled her arms out and slowly slid it down to her hips and let it stay there. She was beautiful and so ripe; those breasts were remarkable my fingers were twitching just to flip a nipple. I resisted the urge to lick my lips. Her bikini top was white and her skin was golden and oily because of the sun lotion she applied. She walked towards me with a purpose, I gulped my resistance rapidly fading. The tease walked past me and went to the surf board that was laid flat behind me. She picked up the board and walked the few steps towards the water. She lay her board in the water and let it float just like I showed her and she slowly got on top of it and got comfortable while making sure the board was still level. Her chin was on the line we drew with the magic marker and the water did things to her body that would make any man loose his mind. She started paddling gaining momentum on her board so she can catch her first wave. I grabbed my board and followed her in. she was a fast learner but I wanted to be nearby just for her safety or so I told myself. I refused to admit that I wanted another look at that beautifully endowed chest. This was her first wave and I wanted to be there when she caught it. We sat floating on our boards waiting for the perfect wave, she looked so eager and that made her beautiful. I needed to get out of my head, I was starting to sound like a pussy whipped sap.
“Stay away BSB, this is my wave.”
I laughed, my heart pounding, I was nervous as hell. She was a beginner and I would never forgive myself if she got hurt. She started paddling her board like a pro, gaining momentum the wave came and just like that, she was up on her board and riding the wave. She glided by as if she did this every day. Before I could cheer her on, she lost her balance and washed out, I paddled as fast as I could to get to her, because it looked like she hit her board when she went down. My girl wiped out
“Zoe…”
I called out. Her board was floating but I couldn’t see her. As I got closer, I heard her cough and my bones relaxed. She was ok. Thank God, she was ok. I got of my board and went to her, she was shivering. I freed her from her board and swam us both to shore. I wrapped her up in a towel and held her in my arms; I was not ready to let her go. When I saw her fall, it felt like my life ended felt like I lost a vital part of myself. Tears welled up in my eyes, I wiped them away quick before they rolled down my cheeks.
“We are not doing that again.”
I said, I did not even recognise my voice it was so hoarse. She snuggled closer to me and nodded. We were quiet for a long while, she was finally relaxed in my arms and her breathing wasn’t as fast as it was and she was not shivering anymore, it was time to take her home.
“Let me take you home, Angel.”
She sighed
“No, I want to sit here for a bit longer.”
I kissed the top of her head
“Ok Angel.”
“What do you do for a living Blaze?” she whispered
I cleared my throat to shake that hollow feeling I got every time I embellished on the truth.
“I am a graphic designer, I own a creative design company”.
“That’s such a coincidence; I have been looking for someone to design a website for me.”
“Oh, what are you selling?”
She laughed, it was such a harmonious melody and I wanted to hear her laugh again.
“Books, I am an author, and my manager has been bugging me about having a
website for the fans.”
I froze… did she just slip, or did she volunteer her well-guarded secret to me on purpose? I must have taken too long to respond, because she continued talking
“Not a lot of people know that, but for some reason I feel like you are one of few that I can trust with this.”
“Why is that, are you ashamed of your work?”
“No, not at all. I just like to have my privacy and I guess you could say that I have been hiding.”
I frowned
“Hiding from what Angel?”
She sighed and shifted her weight against me again
“How do I explain without having to tell you the whole story?”
“Tell me everything”
She turned her face towards the ocean and looked at the water, for a few minutes she was lost in thought. I wanted to tell her that it was ok, that she didn’t have to tell me anything but then she started talking and I found that I wanted to hear everything she had to say.
“When I was twenty I met this guy, it was insta love for us, I mean I fell hard. At that point in time it felt like he was the one. We did everything together, and within two months, I had moved out of my dorm room and I was living with him. We were together three years, in three years that guy slept in our bed every day and he was home every night. He opened doors, bought flowers, when I was on my period, he made sure I had my hot water bottle and that my chocolate, ice cream and candy supply was well stocked.”
A tear rolled down her cheek, I hated this guy already he made her happy once and just for that I wanted to strangle him. I know that it sounds irrational but, it should have been me with her always. She wiped the tear away and took a deep breath
“On our third year anniversary, I was getting ready to go out with him, we had dinner plans and he was running a bit late because of work so I suggested we meet at the restaurant instead of him coming home to pick me up first.”
Her lips trembled
“I had just gotten my dress on when, the doorbell rang. I ran to it excited thinking it was him that he managed to get done on time. I remember thinking how weird it was for him to ring the bell when he had a key to our place. When I opened the door there was this woman standing there, she had a bible in her hand and had this manic look in her eyes. I thought maybe she was lost you know, so I asked politely if I could help her. She looked me up and down, sneered at me, and then called me a harlot…
I reeled back shocked; this woman did not know me, what was going on. She opened the bible and took out a picture she turned it around and showed it to me, the picture was of her and Richard on their wedding day. Before I could even react, the crazy lady had taken out a gun and aimed it at me then she shot me in the name of the Lord, because I had stolen her husband. I remember thinking that she was nuts that there was no way my man could be hers, he loved me that was my final thought before I blacked out.”
I was trembling with UN-released rage, the fucker was married and he got Angel shot. That motherfucker almost got her killed.
“When I woke up and realised I was in the hospital, everything came back to me.
Richard’s wife had shot me. Richard had a wife. I was devastated, how could he do this to me, to her, what was his end game? The doctor came in a few minutes later and told me I was lucky to be alive that the bullet missed a few vital arteries. It turns out she shot me on the chest and then everything just went downhill from there. My neighbours had come out when they heard her call me a Jezebel and when she pulled the gun the police and 911 were already on their way, if they had not reacted when they did I would have died. The doctor kept telling me how lucky I was, but I did not feel lucky, I hurt so much and not just for me but for his wife too.”
I stiffened, how could she have felt anything but rage for that vile woman?
“In her eyes I was the villain, and I understood that but I did not accept what she did to me. She could have confronted me like a normal person and she would have found out that I didn’t know Richard had a wife, that her existence to me was impossible. Richard did not show up at the hospital, I laid charges against his wife for attempted murder, but she fled and till today she has not been found. For a year after the shooting I kept getting these threatening letters, each letter started with a bible verse about adultery or verses condemning Jezebels, so I moved that crazy woman tried to kill me there was no way I was going to make it easy for her to find me again.”
She sighed, she was weary this whole thing weighed heavy on her. The experience changed the way she saw people, the way she lived her life.
“I think maybe that is why I retreated, why I am hiding because of her.”
Why should Angel be the one to hide, she did nothing wrong. I hate that she blames herself for anything that happened.
“Sometimes I wonder if maybe I missed the signs that maybe somehow I should have known that he was hiding something. I mean is it possible that I was in denial?”
I squeezed her shoulder and kissed the top of her head.
“You did nothing wrong Babe. That asshole is the one to blame, he knew how unstable his wife was and he exposed you to her. He should have never been a part of your life in the first place.”
She put her head on my shoulder and stayed silent. After a couple of minutes I heard her breathing change she had fallen asleep. I was pissed I needed to take her home, the need to find that Jackass and snap his neck was increasing by the minute. I picked her up and carried her to the car; the movement must have woken her up a bit because she wound her hands around my neck and relaxed in my arms. If it was possible I would have driven with her in my lap, it just felt like my holding her made her feel better and I loved doing that for her. I settled her in the front seat and put her seatbelt on, then I went back to gather our stuff so I could drive us back to her condo.
It was nearly five pm, when we got to her place, and now that we were there my panic was settling in. I did not want to leave her just yet, problem was I didn’t think I had a good enough excuse to stay. She turned the key and opened the door, we were inside, it was time to say goodbye
 “I am going to get the shower started, come and join me after you lock up.”
My jaw hit the floor. She walked up the stairs; my angel gave me an excuse to stay with her and I was taking it. I locked the door as fast I could and ran up those stairs
**************
Zoe
(Beautiful Camila Cabello & Bazzi playing in the background.)

I stripped out of my wet suit, and the bikini that I had on. The water was ready so I got in the shower and put my head under the spray, the hot water running down my body from head to toe helped clear my head. Talking about the past always left me feeling bereft, but today, today it felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. I didn’t mean to tell Blaze everything, but once I started talking I couldn’t stop myself why it was so easy to open up to him was beyond me. I was reaching for the sponge and my vanilla and peaches shower gel, when Blaze opened the shower door and froze. He looked me over slowly his eyes heated as they made their way down my wet body, when his eyes made their way back up to my face, I didn’t see that because my eyes were still busy ogling his eight-pack. BSB was beautiful, the man was sculptured to perfection, his shoulders were so broad as if the man lifted mountains as weights. I did my own thorough sweep of his body before I met his eyes
“Come inside.”
He groaned and I laughed, ok now that I heard myself say that out loud, it was probably the wrong thing to say in this moment. He shook his head as if to clear his mind and then he stepped into the shower behind me; he turned me around to face him and then slowly pushed me back against the wall
“I am going to kiss you now.”
Before I could nod, his lips were on mine, his tongue moving expertly in my mouth making other parts of my body drool. My hands went up into his hair he groaned and started kissing my neck, his hands moved up to cup my breasts, he flicked my nipples and whispered in my ear
“Hold on to my shoulders Angel, I need to taste you.”
Before my fuzzy brain could catch up, he was kneeling in front of me and lifting me up so that my pussy was directly in front of his mouth. I was up against the wall with both my legs over his shoulders and his face buried deep between my thighs. He gave me a slow lick and groaned,
“OH My God, Blaze…”
He kissed my clit, before running his tongue around it, my eyes rolled to the back of my head, he tightened his grip on my ass and fucked me with his tongue, my toes curled and I called out
“Blaze…, I am so close.”
He looked up at me
“I want you to come on my face Angel, and I want to hear you.”
I moaned, he graced my clit with his teeth and demanded
“Do you understand?”
“Yes….” I called out.
His tongue was back on my pussy, the man was good with his mouth and with his tongue
“Oh Yes, yes, yes I’m Coming…”
I called out he grunted his approval and licked me a few more times, before he slowly let my legs off his shoulders. I was breathing heavily and he kept on kissing a trail up my body until our lips were fused together again.
“You taste fucking delicious Angel.”
I moaned as he kissed my neck again and moved his lips to mine. I could taste myself on him and that was driving me wild, the floor was slippery but I had to, I jumped into his arms and wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist.
“I don’t want you to take it slow Blaze, take me now please.”
He groaned, and breathed in my neck
“Angel “was all he said before he slipped inside of me. I don’t know what I was expecting, but I was not expecting him to fill me up like that. I felt full and stretched and when my walls twitched around him, we both groaned. I was on a cloud, he was finally inside of me and it felt delicious, he felt like belonged inside of me. His arm was wrapped around my waist keeping me in place whilst his other hand was braced on the wall above my head. He slowly pulled out of me only to slam back inside. Oh holy heaven that felt good. He did this about three more times before he moved his hands to my thighs and started fucking me in earnest. I moved my pelvis up to meet his rhythm matching him thrust for thrust. I pulled his face closer to mine and kissed him. He stopped moving and let my legs fall slowly to the floor, I tried to climb back up on him but he stopped me. He turned me around so I faced the wall, the water was still falling on us, and it intensified everything that he was making me feel. He pulled my hair back making me look up in to his eyes, he lowered his lips to my neck and at the same time entered me again in one thrust
“Blaze...”
I called out, my words lost in his mouth, his hand still pulling on my hair, he moved his other hand to my hip and held me where he wanted me while he fucked me hard, he felt so good inside of me, hitting my perfect spot every time he pushed back inside. I was close again, my pussy walls started squeezing on him and I heard him groan
“You feel so good Zoe, so Fucken tight. This pussy was made for me”
That sent me flying over the edge, my body tightened around him as I came hard all over his dick. He started thrusting faster nearing his own release, just when I thought I couldn’t take anymore he pulled out and came all over my ass, groaning out my name. He pulled out of me and admired his handiwork on my ass
“So fucking beautiful.”
We stood there under the shower catching our breaths, letting the water run down our bodies. He turned me around and cupped my face
“Are you ok?”
I leaned up and kissed him hard, demanding that he give me everything again. The kiss I gave him was meant to claim and I hoped he understood.
“Better than ok.”
The water was getting cold so we showered quickly and got out of the bathroom. Wrapped in a towel, I handed Blaze the white gown that was in the closet when Minerva and I arrived. He explained he had a gym bag in his car with an extra set of clothes so he went out to get that while I sat on the bed and contemplated what had just happened. I let blaze have me raw and instead of freaking out like a normal person, I wanted to do it again. It was too soon to have any kind of significant feelings for him, but that didn’t matter to my heart, I knew nothing about Blaze but I was falling hard and I was afraid. Ok so I was very afraid. I sighed and got of the bed so that I could get dressed. I put on my flannel Pyjama pants and a black Hogwarts sweater. Blaze walked in just as I was tying up my hair
“Leave it down Angel.”
The look in his eyes was almost pleading, how could I refuse him when he looked at me like that? I let my hair fall over my shoulders and down my back it was still a bit damp from the shower but it had its desired effect on him, his nostrils flared and he started walking towards me, the look in his eyes promised pleasure and my body shivered. Yes, I was definitely falling in love with him.
****************
CHAPTER SIX
BLAZE
She was so beautiful. She stood there looking like an Angel with her hair all around her. I didn’t deserve her but I still wanted to keep her, she was mine. I wanted to have her again right there, but she looked tired so I just scooped her up in my arms and carried her to the lounge. I think she needed the reprieve. I needed to feed my woman and liquor her up so that she could relax. It could not have been easy to tell me what she went through and right now everything in me wanted to protect her.
“Sit and let me feed you Angel”.
Her eyes heated as she looked up and down my body, her intense stare was really doing a number on my dick. I groaned then bent down to kiss her breathless
“Let me feed you first Angel after that, that pussy is mine.”
She shivered in my arms as she nodded her approval.
“Ok.”
I took out my phone and called one of my guards to get us a peperoni pizza with pineapples and two bottles of wine. As soon as I was done talking to him, I walked back to my angel and we watched a movie while we waited. The food arrived while the movie was thirty minutes in. We tucked in and polished that whole pizza and a full bottle of wine in one go, we settled back on the couch with her in my arms, her head on my chest and we finished the movie. She felt good in my arms, I loved having her there.
“Tell me about your book.”
She looked up at me
“Why?”
I smiled
“I’m curious to know, what you write about. What is the name of your book Angel?”
She looked at me and blushed
“Blatant Heat.”
I gasped
“Get out, that is my sister’s favourite novel of the moment, she is so head over heels for the guy, what’s his name, Devon or something”
She smiled wistfully and my heart moved I was losing myself to her fast.
“Damien, I’m crazy about him too”
I laughed “yes that’s the name, my sister talks about him so much, I swear Sometimes I think I am him” 
She moved out of my arms and scanned my face, she pushed the hair that had fallen on to my forehead back and said
“You do actually look a lot like how I described him, if your eyes had been icy blue, I could have literally been describing you”
I shifted a little in my seat but she missed that, and laid back in my arms and sighed
“Damien is your classic billionaire bachelor bad boy, he wasn’t always that way. Certain events happened in is life that left him jaded so now he is just protecting himself.”
“Ok so if he is protecting himself, how do you explain him giving in to the instant attraction between him and Emilia?”
She smiled like duh
“They both couldn’t help themselves, and to be honest the attraction was all sexual for like the first 30 seconds really, the moment their eyes met he knew she was his.” I rubbed my chin and thought about that, did attraction like that really happen? Was it possible to just look into someone’s eyes and know your life would not be complete if they weren’t in it? I looked down at Zoe and I had my answer.
“My sister also mentioned that your book was being made in to a movie”
Her smile was breath-taking, she was proud of her work.
“Have you met any of the actors yet?”
“No I haven’t, I actually planned to see them on opening night, let them be a surprise to me too.”
“How would you like the guy playing Damien to portray himself?”
She scrunched her face up in thought
“If he is the right guy for the character, the script will talk to him and he will be the Damien that I thought up.”
“But what type of person is this Damien Landi?”
She laughed
“He is an asshole, an Alpha asshole but we love him.”
She caught my frown of confusion and smiled
“It’s a girl thing, also it helps that he is super-hot and he grovels a lot. He repents for his assholery and that’s why we love him.”
I nodded my understanding even though I didn’t get it yet.
“Is he right for her?”
She didn’t even hesitate when she answered me.
“They are right for each other. Now did your sister happen to mention how good
Emilia was at sucking dick?”
I chocked on air, and she smiled at me while she slid between my legs, you think my dick behaved? Hell no, he was tenting in my shorts and ready to play. She rubbed up and down my thighs, her fingers went to the top of my sweats and hooked. She looked in to my eyes and bit her bottom lip as she slowly pulled down my shorts and set my dick free. I held our eye contact as well as my breath, in that moment everything else faded away, in that moment I told her that I wanted her to let me serenade her. Zayn Malik’s let me be song was the perfect fit. She lowered her head and started slowly licking her way from my base to my tip and down again, I groaned. She opened her mouth and in me in excruciatingly slow, the head hit the back of her throat and she moaned, the pleasure drove me mad my eyes rolled to the back of my head. She rolled her tongue around the head every time she moved to the top. Her hand was playing with my nut sack while the other had a grip on the base of my dick. She started licking and sucking in earnest, every time she took me back in I went deeper than before. I put my hands in her hair, pushing myself deeper in her throat, she relaxed her muscles and almost swallowed my meat. I loved how she tightened her lips around me. She owned me.
“Fuck Angel.” I groaned
She moaned again and swallowed, the suction pulled cum from my balls blindsighting me completely. The orgasm was so intense I saw stars behind my eyes, I came down her throat and because of how deep my dick was she had to swallow every last drop. When I got my bearings back, I pulled her up and settled her on top of me before I kissed the life out of her. I was crazy about this woman she had me completely. I needed to tell her the truth, she needed to know who I really was, because there was no way I was letting her go.
“I’m really glad I met you blaze.”
Tomorrow, I will tell her the truth tomorrow. I closed my eyes and kissed the top of her head. We were still on the couch and I was about to fall asleep with Angel in my arms, when my phone rang. I laid her gently back on the couch while I slid away to answer my phone. It was good news, but it meant I had to leave Angel earlier than I wanted to. We would be alright, I’ll call her every day and as soon as her vacation was done I’ll fly up and see her from LA. I sighed, I did not expect leaving her to hurt so much, even if it was just for a little while. I went back to the couch and picked her up
“Come on babe time for bed.”
She wound her hands around my neck and continued to sleep. I walked up the stairs and got us into bed. I held her close all night. I was going to miss my girl. I kissed the top of her head and whispered
“I love you Angel.”
*************

ZOE
“Good morning, BSB” I whispered while leaning in to give him a soft kiss. He held on to me so that I couldn’t move away and deepened the kiss. I moaned into his mouth and straddled him. He groaned into my mouth and that soaked my already wet lady bits, I was ready for him, I wanted him so bad it hurt. I lifted my hips so he could slide his pants down his legs, while my hips were stilled raised he ripped of my panties and lowered me down on to his dick, I grabbed him and directed him home he slid in easily, the moment the head slipped in we both groaned and I ground my hips down taking him in deeper.
“Fuck Zoe, you’re so fucking tight, you’re going to kill me.”
I smiled, happy that I was making him lose his mind. I rotated my hips and then slammed down on him again
“Ahhh, fuck. Again babe, do that again”
I did, but this time I moved a little higher before I slid back down and increased my momentum, he felt so good inside of me and I just wanted to keep him there. His hands went up to squeeze my breasts and I moaned his fingers twisted and played with my nipples, making me slick between my legs.
“I love how your pussy can take all of me Angel”
He moved his hand between my breasts, down my navel and pressed his thumb on my clit, I cried out and he groaned, I leaned in towards him giving him my girls to suck on while I rode him harder and faster. He pulled my face towards him and kissed me. Next thing I knew he had flipped us over and he was ramming in to me
“Oh God, Blaze more, make me come Blaze”
He grunted and moved faster in to me, he rotated his hips before he slammed in to me again and I lost it, I came hard, the power of my orgasm milking him
“Blaaaaaaaaze…”
He wasn’t far behind me; he slammed into me one last time before he filled me with his seed. He kissed my neck before he rested his head on my shoulder while we caught our breath. I loved having him on top of me his weight grounded me to him and I loved it, it made me feel peaceful. He rolled over and pulled me with him so that I ended up lying on top of him. He ran his fingers through my hair and I just listened to his heartbeat. This felt right. He sighed
“Angel you know I’m crazy about you right?”
I nodded
“My vacation has been cut short, there is an emergency at work and I need to go in.”
“Oh”
I said as I moved to get out of bed, he kept his arms around me so that I stayed where I was
“Don’t move away from me Angel, I hate that I have to leave you so soon. But I promise we will talk every day until I can come back to you. This is not where we end babe. I told you I was never letting you go.”
I sighed, why was I being dramatic, the man needed to go back to work, we would get together when I got back home until then I needed to be a big girl. How was I already this attached?
“Ok, I’ll miss you though.”
He smiled into my hair
“That’s what I was hoping for Angel, with all of my heart.”
I sighed, “When do you need to leave?”
“In two hours.”
I stiffened and he sighed
“I’m sorry, if it helps I really don’t want to go, but I gotta work babe.” I nodded again and then leaned in to give him a kiss.
“If we don’t stop I’ll never leave”
I laughed
“That was the plan BSB that was the plan.”
We rolled around in bed again, and then had some breakfast with Bruce and Min, it was bitter-sweet, but hey at least it wasn’t a final goodbye.
Our vacation time ended shortly after that, it’s been six weeks since we were in Florida and Blaze kept his promise about us communicating every day. He woke me up in the morning and spoke to me before bed. Sadly in those six weeks I only saw him twice, but we were great. Work kept him busy, but he always had time for
me. I still couldn’t believe that things between us were real, I wanted to, I really wanted to but I was scared. It was hard to let Richard go, his betrayal almost killed me literally, but Blaze he had the ability to rip my heart out and I would never survive that. He was under my skin and embodied in my soul. He made me so happy in the sense that I was completely his. Things were going so good, we were about to start living together and as scared as I was, I was still all in, that was until today, I was paying for my milk at the super-market and a certain gossip magazine caught my eye. I usually don’t read these but this one was so intriguing because the guy on the cover was my favourite Singer Jackson McGarrett but he looked exactly like Blaze. Of course it couldn’t be him, there was no way but my heart plummeted anyway. It wasn’t him, he wouldn’t lie to me right. I bought the magazine so I could scrutinize it when I got home. Milk forgotten I raced to my car and drove home, on my way I called Minerva so we could both look at it, I knew myself I had the tendency to over-react and mess things up, I needed my common sense here with me.
She barged in and found me in the kitchen waiting for her at the counter just looking at the Magazine.
“Girl, what’s the emergency?”
I turned the magazine around and pushed it towards her. She laughed and said
“Hey look, its BS…”
Then she froze and looked at it again before she looked at me. My eyes filled with tears, we couldn’t both be mistaken right. OH my God I was going to be sick, Blaze was Jackson B McGarrett and he had his tongue down Lilliana Rade’s throat, last week according to the tabloid and if that was true, Blaze was sucking her face two days after he came home and fucked me until I agreed that we would move in together.
“Let’s not jump in to conclusions,” Min said 
“Maybe they just really look alike”.
I wanted to believe that with everything in me, but I just couldn’t accept it, it was too much of a coincidence plus he said that his tattoo was designed just for him.
We read the article again “Meet Hollywood’s newest sweetheart’s Pop singing sensation Jackson B McGarrett and award winning actress Lilliana Rade. The couple is said to be working on a new Movie together and couldn’t be happier says a source close to the couple. Sources close to Liliana hinted that the couple was expecting their first child.”
I felt sick this couldn’t happen to me twice could it? I was sleeping with Jackson McGarrett and I didn’t even know it. How could I have been such a fool…?
“I know what you’re thinking, stop it right now” Min said
“It’s not your fault, if this really is BSB, he is the one at fault not you my friend, it’s all on him.”
I shook my head, nothing seemed real at that moment, I couldn’t process what was happening.
“Tell me your good news babe, you sounded excited on the phone.”
Min hesitated for a bit, but I nodded my head to encourage her to talk, that it was ok and I really wanted to know.
“Ok, my agent called me this morning, I am going to be in your Movie, and they want me to be Emilia.”
Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Blaze was forgotten for now, this was huge for my friend, and it would open up opportunities for her career
“But how, I thought they cast somebody already?”
“There were some complications with her and they are casting her out. If you ask me I think that was just a nice way of saying that she was a diva.”
I was so happy for Min, now I would have to meet the crew, for her I could embrace my fears and put myself out there. Min would do me proud and represent my work, the least I could do was give her my support by going to LA with her for a few days
“So when do we leave?”
“You are coming with me?”
 “You don’t have to look so shocked, this is your first major role, of course I will be there with you, just until you settle in and then I’ll fly back home deal?” She jumped over the counter and hugged me
“You are the best person in the world, my person, I am so lucky to have you in my corner.”
I hugged her back
“We leave in two days.”
I smiled and nodded, something great was happening for my friend and I would not let thoughts of Blaze interfere. Min left shortly after our talk, happy and ready for her adventure. I went to my room to gather up my clothes looks like we will be going on another trip. This trip would also give me the clarity I needed on Blaze, Maybe he was innocent, for my peace of mind I hoped he was my Blaze and not Jackson McGarrett, because that would mean he never lied to me. To shake of my melancholy mood I put in two of my favourite songs on repeat Luxury Body on me, and Shawn Mendez Mercy. I was dying inside and I needed some great music.

**************

BLAZE
I was anxious to leave the set early today, Liliana was being a bitch and Ray was on his last nerve with her, word in the business was that Ray was replacing her but nothing was official. She was a big star but her reputation was not worth all the setbacks and money she was costing the production. She was also being clingy and possessive with me, I took her on one date, one date that our agents said was necessary to boost ratings for the movie. While we were on that date, paparazzi cornered us and pictures were taken, in one specific picture that made it to the tabloids she had her tongue down my throat. The day that picture came out, I wanted to call Zoe and explain that it was nothing, but I couldn’t do that because my woman still didn’t know the truth about who I was. Things were just too good between us and I did not want her pulling back from me, I know I needed to tell her before she found out in a different way. The pictures were taken two weeks ago and I still didn’t have the guts to tell her. I’ve spoken to her every day since those pictures came out and she was a bit distant, she still smiled for me but it did not reach her eyes, I needed to see her tonight. I was flying out to see her and I would tell her the truth then. I finally convinced her to live with me, I wanted to wake up next to her everyday
 As I was about to make some coffee to help me survive the day, Ray called a cast meeting. I was already anxious enough to leave and this meeting was delaying our production time. Ray was so excited, it seemed the news he had to share was big he couldn’t stop grinning.
“Ladies and gentlemen thank you for giving me a few minutes of your time, I know you will all be as happy as I am when you find out why I called you here. Ladies and gentlemen please join me in welcoming for her very first public appearance the author of Blatant Heat.”
The room erupted with applause and my world started falling apart. Marcus walked in with a pissed off looking Minerva and a smiling Zoe, if you knew her and how her smile lit up a room, you would see that the smile she had on now was extremely fake. Her eyes landed on mine and I could literally see her heart shatter. She looked away from me smile still intact and hugged Ray. He then proceeded to introduce her to the rest of the cast she was glowing, she looked so happy to be here meeting the people who were turning her dream into a reality. When Ray got to the introduction between Liliana and her, Zoe seemed excited to meet her, but Liliana gave her the cold shoulder and said something about her staying hidden because the world was a better place not knowing her. That was her last straw Ray looked like he was ready to snap but stopped when he saw that Zoe was still just smiling and said it was nice to meet her anyway. When they finally got to me Zoe wouldn’t even look at me, her eyes were focused on a random spot on my chest
“I-It’s very nice to meet you, Mr McGarrett. I- I used to be a big fan of your music.”
She used to be… My girl hated me now. She was so formal, so detached like I did not have my dick inside of her two weeks ago, like that same dick didn’t have her calling out my name. I was losing her and I couldn’t even grab her and hold her close because I knew she hated the spotlight. Coming here must have scared her to death but she still came and I was proud of her. I wanted to hold her and tell her How proud I was, how much I loved her. If only she would look at me she would see it in my eyes. Liliana put her hand in mine and said
“Come on baby, we need to finish our lines, maybe we could practise naked…”
Minerva gasped, Zoe just shrugged and they both turned around and left. I caught Marcus’s eye and said
“Watch them, Keep them safe until I get there.”
He nodded and went after the girls. Ray stopped Liliana and I before we left for the set.
“Liliana a word”
She huffed and gave Ray attitude, yep she was hot property at the moment, but that did not validate her behaviour, she was not a very nice person, actually she was a vicious bitch.
“Ray Darling, can you go waste somebody else’s time? Jackson and I need to practice our kissing scenes, so shuu…”
The fuck? Ray blew up right there
“I have had it with you Liliana, you are fired. We already found your replacement,
pack your shit and go.”
She did not take it well, she was furious her face was blotchy and red, the only thing missing was the smoke coming out of her ears.
“You can’t fire me, this movie needs me tell him Jackson.” 
I stayed quiet and she nudged me
“Jackson, tell him that you will only work with me.”
Thinking about all the drama she caused, all the females she had fired because she claimed they were staring at me to long and not working; all the tricks she played when the paparazzi was around and most importantly the way she treated my woman just now, it was time she left.
“Thank you Ray, the movie will be better off without her. She is not what the author would have wanted.”
She screamed like a crazy person, telling us that we will pay and that we will regret what we did to her. She went from normal to psycho in 3 seconds flat
“That bitch will pay for this, nobody gets me fired and lives and all of you will be
sorry you crossed me.”
Ray called security to escort her out and called a production break for the next two days as Liliana’s replacement will be ready to start then. I thanked my lucky stars and went in search of my woman; I had a lot of explaining and to do. Losing her was not an option I was willing to accept I fucked up but I would make it right between us, she needed to know that she was my life. I took out my phone and called Marcus
“Where is she?”
“They are at the hotel bar drinking. You need to fix this Blaze my girl is ignoring me.”
“I’ll fix this brother, I promise I will.”
When I got to the bar they had already left, so I got their hotel number from Marcus and rushed up there. I felt like the damn elevator was taking it’s time, when I finally got to her door my heart was beating double time and I felt like my throat was clogged up. I knocked and waited… 
My heart pounded through my ears, I thought it would literally rip out of my chest. My anxiety levels were at their highest everything inside in me felt wrong all because I could lose my Angel. What would happen to me if I lost her? I couldn’t think about that, it hurt too much, it all hurt too much and it was my fault. Minerva opened the door, she didn’t invite me in, didn’t shout at me, she didn’t even look at me. She just left the door open and went back inside. I walked in just as she told Zoe that she would be in her room if she needed her, and that hurt too. For a moment time stood still while we just drank each other in, her eyes were red and puffy, her make-up was smudged and her hair was a mess but she was still the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. She was perfect for me. She stood there quietly looking at me; looking resigned like she had already given up on me, on us. I took a step towards her and she took a step back, which hurt more than the silence
“I’m sorry” I whispered. She shook her head, but still kept quiet.
“I swear to you Angel, my plan was never to hurt you. I tried, I tried to stay away from you but I just couldn’t, and then things just got so good between us and it never seemed to be the right time to come clean. It’s not an excuse I know, I’m sorry baby. I just, I didn’t want to lose you.”
She swiped her fingers under her eyes
“Do you even have a sister?”
I gulped and shook my head, I felt so ashamed.
“The moment I told you I was your biggest fan, was a good time to come clean. I would have been surprised yes, but I would have eventually helped you with whatever input you needed from me. The moment I spilled my guts about who I was and why I was hiding was also another great opportunity for you to come clean, you chose to keep lying to me Blaze.”
I had no defences, how was I going to fight for us.
“So when you were busy telling me about Zayn Malik and his Let Me song, you were also laughing at me behind my back because I was your favourite entertainer, because I was the fool.”
I paled
“No, Zoe everything that happened between us was real, I meant every word I said to you.”
She shook her head; I was not getting through to her
“I admit I was looking for you, to help me with my character. Falling in love with you was not part of the plan.”
Her eyes Blazed…
“I was the fool here. Tell me something Blaze did you sleep with her?”
This was the final nail in my coffin
“Yes; but it was before we met, let me explain.”
“Get out Blaze”
I started to panic “Angel no please let me explain, it was before us baby. Just a
one…”
“Get out Blaze.” She whispered again
She turned around and walked away from me and into one of the rooms. I did not want to leave; I wanted to be with her drying those tears that were my fault. I knew I was the last person she wanted drying her tears so I just left the flowers I bought for her on the counter and left. Two days, that was all the time I was giving her to be mad and then I was coming back to claim what was mine.
HER…
************

ZOE
Jojo had my mood pegged at the moment; I was sitting on the couch with her “Get Out-Leave” song on repeat and my bottle of Red half empty. I sent Minerva away, so she could look for Bruce and fix things. I was the only fool here for feeling hurt, I knew the moment I laid eyes on BSB that he was the type of man that we all dreamed about but never aspired to have. Then I had him and the plan was to experience him for all women out there, because really girls we all deserve to have a THOR encounter we really do and enjoy him for as long as I had him so it could be easy to say goodbye. I didn’t stick to the plan, I went ahead and believed that dreams could come true and I fell in love with him, I fell in love with him even though I had reservations about it, I ignored my instincts claiming my past was holding me back. Did I do this with Richard; did I purposefully not see the signs that he was married? Was it my fault after all? I don’t understand how Blaze could build me up like that just to let me crash, was he really that cruel to get ahead? Yes, yes he was, I was just something he used to boost his career and then toss aside. Blaze was a bastard, I sighed; a beautiful sick bastard. The tears won’t fall down my face anymore; I guess that would happen if all you’ve had in two days was popcorn and wine. Things would get better though, I just needed to stop seeing that bitch’s lips touching his. The sooner I accepted that I was the pawn and that the two of them were well suited for each other, the better of I would be, but that was easier said than done. I was about to drink out of the bottle again when there was a knock on the door.
I froze thinking that it was Blaze, is that why I was still in LA, was I waiting on him? Why did I still want him to redeem himself? The knocking came again this time it was louder and aggressive. Ok I needed to pull myself together so that I could tell him that we were over for good. It was time to say goodbye. I got up from the couch and walked over to the door, I was so heartbroken I didn’t care about how I looked before I flung the door open.
Liliana Rade stood there in all her beautiful glory and those eyes, those cold eyes that looked so familiar now that she had a gun pointed at me. My body instantly froze as I took a closer look at her, everything about her looked different, everything but her eyes. Liliana Rade was Richard’s Wife Annette. My eyes swept up and down her body, I still couldn’t believe she was standing in front of me, my eyes finally moved back to the gun she was holding
“Good, I see I have your full attention now”
I kept my eyes on her but said nothing.
“Now why is it, that you are always an obstacle in my life when it comes to the men
I am sleeping with.”
My heart shrivelled up some more and I wanted to throw up, so they really did sleep together. I swayed a little
“No, no, no I want you conscious for this jezebel. I have been looking to end you for a very long time. I need to finish what I started now more than ever.”
“Why now more than ever?” I whispered
She laughed, it sounded a bit manic to me, but hey I was not that sober at the moment
“Because of you, the director threw me off the set like I was a piece of garbage; because of you Jackson has been distracted from his affections for me. I need to get you out of the way so that I can have everything I deserve”
Ok, reason with the psycho my muddled brain said
 “Ms Rade, I have never said a bad word about you to anyone, in fact until right now I didn’t even know who you were. I didn’t understand why you hated me on sight when we met, but I get it, now back to the director I am sure it’s just rumours, you know how it is in showbiz”
She shook her head not wanting to believe a word I said
“No, you’re lying. You are a manipulative bitch and the world will thank me for killing you.”
I sighed; the woman had officially gone off the deep end
“Don’t get impatient with me you harlot, you are a nobody and I am the beautiful and famous Liliana Rade, I am the star bitch, you need to recognise I get whatever I want and I want Jackson. You are nobody and you deserve nothing.”
Something inside of me snapped, I could feel it building up from the bottom of my stomach up until I couldn’t hold it back anymore. This woman has terrorised me and forced me in to changing my whole life, because of her I always looked over my shoulder, because of her I was always hiding, it was time to stop living in fear. I was done, this ended now
“So why are you not on set or in Jackson’s bed right now?”
My outburst shocked her, but I was not done I was beyond pissed.
“I will never forgive you for shooting me and I will make sure that you rot in prison for that. Richard lied to me; I did not know about you until you showed up at my door, the man was always with me, he left his phone lying around he was open and honest or so I thought. I had no reason, no reason at all to believe that he had another life.”
I was shouting at this point and she just stood there stunned with her gun aimed at me
“You could have spoken to me, woman to woman and you would have learned that I did not maliciously wrong you and I would have stepped back, but no you had to go all psycho bible and shoot me and now look where you are right now Annette?
Again with a gun pointed at me. Well fuck you then…”
I was really drunk
 “Enough talking “she screamed “You are just trying to confuse me, time for you to die Jezebel”
She moved her finger to the trigger and I jumped towards her to grab the gun
“Like hell it is “I said.
The first shot missed as we started struggling for the gun on the floor. The second shot went right through my thigh, we kept on struggling on the floor my adrenaline was pumping and I was not letting this bitch win. I wanted to live and I wanted to live in peace, no more fear, no more anxiety and no more looking over my shoulder. I yelled at the top of my lungs while we were struggling for the gun, she was crazy and she would not give up, it was her or me. I had to stop her. I used my remaining strength to push the gun towards her chest and pulled the trigger, before she could move it towards me again. The shot rang out and then it was eerily quiet she had collapsed on top of me and I started crying loudly. I cried for the fear I lived under, I cried for losing Richard, I cried for Blaze breaking my heart, I let it all go; I was safe now, I was finally safe and it was overwhelming. At that moment the elevator dinged open, Min screamed and ran towards me.
“Shit” Bruce said as he dialled 9-1-1, I distinctly remember hearing that beep when he was dialling. Although she was not supposed to, Min rolled Annette off me and then cradled my head on her lap
“Don’t you dare die on me Zoe, Don’t die please”
She was hysterical and I needed her calm, so I could explain what happened. She looked at Annette’s face and gasped
“She wanted Blaze that much; she was willing to kill you?”
I was weak and fading fast, “Min” I whispered and she looked at me
“Liliana is Annette, Plastic surgery”
Bruce cursed, “Where the hell is that ambulance” he had his belt wrapped tight around my thigh trying to stop the bleeding but I think it was too late.
“Wanted to kill me again, wouldn’t let her,” I whispered. As my eyes closed and I felt myself fading…
 “Love you, Min.”
“Don’t you dare close your eyes on me Zoe? You stay awake Damn it. I love you too please don’t die”
I couldn’t keep my eyes open; the darkness was already consuming me.

***********
CHAPTER SEVEN
Blaze
I rushed through the ER doors, and ran straight to the reception, with my heart in my throat and blood rushing in my ears, I asked the nurse
“Zoe Matloha, where is she?”
She continued writing in her chart without looking up at me as she asked whom I was
“I am her fiancé Damn it, Now where is she?”
My tone must have sounded menacing because she finally looked up and gaped.
“Mr McGarett, My apologies sir Ms Matloha is in surgery. Her sister is in the private waiting room on the top floor, East Wing sir.”
I nodded my thanks and ran towards the elevator. My love was fighting for her life and she needed me. I was a broken man before I met her, she made me feel complete, my life was worth living now because she taught me how to appreciate the little joys in life. Right now I felt like someone ripped my heart out and roasted it on an open fire. My angel was hurt and I wasn’t there to save her. I should have been there, I should have waited outside until she agreed to see me again to hear me out. I just should have been there. When I stepped in to the room Minerva took one look at me then started shouting and yelling at me
“Get out, Go away BSB we don’t want you here, you don’t deserve to be here. Get the fuck out.”
Marcus tried to hold on to her, but she turned around and pointed a finger at him
“You both don’t deserve to be here.”
She sighed
“Since I cannot make you leave, I’ll be sitting in that corner over there alone. Don’t talk to me, don’t look at me, and do not even breathe my way.”
She huffed and stomped over to the couch that was all the way on the other side of the room. She sat down with her arms crossed against her chest and looked straight ahead, effectively showing us that they we were dismissed. This was my fault Marcus lied to protect my cover which was his job and was another kick to my gut. I hurt my friend’s chance at happiness. I pulled Marcus aside
“You’re fired.”
He looked at me eyes wide
“What?”
I looked at Minerva and he followed suit
“You are fired from being my personal bodyguard, give me somebody else from the team.”
Understanding dawned on him; he thought I was firing his whole security company
“We need to get our women back, which will not happen if I still have you in a position where you might have to lie for me. I have learned my lesson, there will be no more lies but I still need you gone.”
He nodded his acceptance of my wishes.
“Now go get your girl, she needs you.”
He patted me on the shoulder and asked
 “Why are you doing this?”
I sighed
“I know you’ve got my back Marc, you would let her go for me and I can’t let you do that, she made the earth move for you brother and you deserve to have us both in your life.”
He patted my shoulder again and moved slowly towards Min. she didn’t move from her spot, she didn’t even glance at him, he whispered something in her ear and when she continued to ignore him the big guy scooped her up in his arms, sat in her seat and put her in his lap. After a moment of tense silence between them, she wrapped her arms around his neck and started crying. The tension in my shoulders eased a bit; my friend had his woman in his arms, right where she belonged. Now I just needed to know if my woman was alive, not knowing was killing me; my stomach was in knots, my mind was racing and my heart just couldn’t keep up. I just wanted to be with her, hold her in my arms so that she knew that I was here for her and that I was never going anywhere
“Zoe Matloha”
The doctor announced as he walked in to the waiting room, I went to him first and shook his hand.
“How is she Doc?”
“Ms Matloha suffered major blood loss and damage to one of her upper thigh arteries. We managed to stop the bleeding and repair the damage and we gave her three blood transfusions, however we had to put her in an induced coma to allow her body the rest it needs to heal and recover from the trauma. We will slowly bring her out of her comma in 24 hours. Luckily for us that was a clean shot; the bullet went in and out without ricocheting and damaging any vital organs.”
I cleared my throat
“May we see her Doc?”
“She is being moved to recovery, as soon as she is settled you may see her, one at a time please and only for a short while I’m afraid.”
As soon as he left the police walked in , what the hell did they want? Min went to them and shook their hands. They introduced themselves as detective Harris and Detective Molebetsi. I moved closer to the group and heard them ask Min what happened. She wiped her eyes and said
“Zoe said… she said that Annette tried to kill her again, for him.”
She pointed at me, who the hell was Annette?
“Liliana Rade is Annette; she showed up tonight to finish the job she started years ago, she came back to kill my friend and I’m so scared that she might have succeed this time.”
I paled Liliana shot Zoe
“There is an open case against Annette in South Africa, we moved to New York because the police couldn’t find her even though she kept sending Zoe death threat letters every month on the day of her anniversary with Richard.”
Now things were starting to make sense to me, but the detectives looked lost.
Marcus rubbed Min’s back and helped her calm down and asked her to clarify the story from the beginning for the detectives. She took a deep breath and started
“We were in college when Zoe met Richard, he was charming and funny honestly he was an amazing guy, so good to her, knew what she needed before she asked and he seemed to worship the ground she walked on. They were together three years, three years and he was the perfect man in those years. On the anniversary of their third anniversary, Richard planned a surprise get together at a restaurant where he was going to propose to Zoe around her closest friends and family. Before Richard showed up to pick Zoe up, his wife whom nobody knew he had showed up at Zoe’s door with a gun in her hand. She called her names and then shot her. The police couldn’t find her but every month on the date of the shooting she would send Zoe death threats in the mail. The worst one, the one that made us move, was the box she sent of a baby with his head missing and his arms and legs cut off but in the box,”
She shivered
 “The note said that, that was what she was going to do to Zoe and any kids she might have.”
She started crying and Marcus tried to hold her but she pushed him away and continued talking
“The police couldn’t track her down, Zoe didn’t feel safe and Richard kept coming by asking Zoe to take him back because he only loved her, it was getting worse so we left. It’s been five years since all of this happened and today I might lose my friend because of that psychotic bitch. Zoe told me that Liliana hated her on the spot when we met her on the set, we just brushed it off, I would not have left her alone had I known that bitch was Annette. She pushed and pushed me to go and hear Marcus out, pleading his innocence saying she wanted me to be happy, how could I be happy without her? When we returned to the hotel, Zoe was on the floor bleeding out with Liliana out cold on top of her, I didn’t make the connection until she told me Liliana was Annette and that she had plastic surgery. Please tell me that bitch is dead.”
She was getting hysterical, so Marcus held her to calm her down. We were all shaken, The Detectives looked graved but they finished getting her statement and left. Rage welled up inside of me; I was furious, furious because I was not there to protect her, furious because I brought danger to her doorstep, furious because I felt helpless, my girl was hurt; fighting for her life thinking she had nobody but Minerva. What good am I then if I couldn’t protect her from danger? I sat down in the chair, drained, exhausted and scared shitless for my girl’s life. I was not a religious person but that day, I prayed to the big man upstairs. I asked for his forgiveness for not checking in, I prayed for him to heal Zoe. I asked him to give us the strength we both needed to get through this trying time and I asked him to help her keep her love for me, because I still wanted her to love me, I needed her love as much as I needed to breathe. I really hope he was listening. I wiped the tears from my face, I could still protect her now though, especially since we did not know the status of Liliana’s injuries, there was no way I was giving that crazy bitch an opportunity to hurt my Angel again or Minerva for that matter.
 “Marcus, call the team I want round the clock protection for Zoe, and any threat against her eliminated, I want Minerva protected too. No harm comes to our women ever again got that.”
He looked me straight in the eye and nodded. He stood up to make the calls and I sat down next to Minerva
“I’m sorry”
She sighed “It’s not your fault, that woman is psycho.”
We sat in silence for a while until I had to ask
“Did she love Richard?”
She looked at me
“Yes, she did”
I nodded, he betrayed her and she never forgave him. What chance did I have?
“Zoe hates violence, but she fought back tonight, she fought back because of you.
You are not Richard.”
She just read my mind; I was elated and sad at the same time. She fought back because of me, but would she take me back when she woke up. The nurse walked in we both stood up.
“Ms Matloha is in her room now; you can see her, one at a time and only for two minutes.”
Minerva looked at me and said
“You go in first, I’ll wait for Marcus.”
I wanted to smile my thanks but I just did not have it in me at that point so I just nodded and followed the nurse. When we stepped in to the room I froze. My angel lay there looking so fragile and so lost to the world, she had all these tubes sticking out of her and I wanted to sit in a corner and cry. It hurt to see her that way,
 “Come in Sir; don’t be frightened by all of these tubes they will all be out of her tomorrow when the doctor brings her out of her coma. You can come closer it’s ok.”
She slipped out of the room as I moved closer to the bed and looked down at my angel, something drew me in and I found myself sitting in a chair next to her bed with her hand in mine. She was just so still, I missed her, I missed her so damn much. I just wanted to hear her call me BSB again. I kissed her hand and whispered to her
“Come back to me Angel please… I am so fucking lost without you.”
*******
ZOE
(Two weeks before shooting)
I was waiting for BSB at the airport. It had been two weeks since I had seen him last and I was anxious to see him. My lips couldn’t wait to be on his, my arms were aching to be wrapped around his neck and my body was revved to be close to his. There was just this energy around me today, it made me feel like something big was about to happen with us, whatever it was I just hoped that I was ready. I finally admitted to myself that I was crazy about him, and that it was ok to feel that way.
He was mine and he wanted to be, so I was going to stop fighting it and embrace our relationship with both arms. I got out of the car hoping I was not too overdressed and went into the airport to meet Blaze. I was standing at the arrivals gate in my favourite black knee length baby doll dress with white strappy peep toe sandals that had a 2 inch heel, my hair in a ponytail that said “pull me”. I laughed at that thought my mind was seriously in the gutter but hey can you blame a girl? The gates opened and people came rushing through to meet their loved ones, I looked around for Blaze and I guess he was doing the same because when our eyes collided the earth stopped moving. My breath caught in my throat and my mouth watered, every damn time I saw him I felt this way, the man had no idea how much power he held over my heart. He took in what I was wearing slowly trailing my body from head to toe, his eyes were Blazing just like his name, my skin heated everywhere he looked, I was hot and bothered when he licked his lips I lost it and ran to him jumping in to his arms when I was close enough. He caught me without hesitation; he smelled my hair and tightened his arms around me
“I missed you Angel”.
This, this right here was why I had to give us a chance
“Then stop leaving.”
He kissed me until we had to pull apart for air
“Ok,”
Ok? What did ok mean?
He took my hand and we walked out to my car, I gave him the key so he could drive, why you may ask, because I wanted to sit next to him and look at his face. I missed him.
“What are you thinking about?”
He looked at me and then focused on the road again
“I can’t decide whether to fuck you with that dress on or off, both are appealing options I just don’t know which one I want more.”
I burst out laughing, but he didn’t, oh my…he was serious. I blushed
“We can do both.”
He bit his bottom lip and groaned. We got to my place, he parked the car and we rushed inside. I closed the door behind us he turned and pushed me against it, he raised my hands above my head while his body pressed mine against the door. He nipped at my bottom lip and whispered in my ear
“I changed my mind. I want that dress off, I need to see all of you when I bring you pleasure. I need to see everything. It’s never enough with you Angel, it will never be enough. You are my obsession.”
I shivered, damn the man already had me so close to the edge, this was crazy, the way he could have me so primed and ready with just a few words was beyond me. He bent his head down to kiss my lips, he let my hands go and ripped my dress from my body I gasped and he slid his tongue inside my mouth, grabbing my hands when I tried to rip his shirt of and putting them above my head again. His hand slid down my body caressing, teasing me, making me burn. His lips followed the same trail, stopping at my breasts and nipping on my nipples until I called out in pleasure, I was throbbing and soaking, when he ripped my thong apart I came. I leaned my face into his neck and came. He lifted me up and carried me to the couch, laying me down gently
“I want your hands on the hand rest Angel. You are not to touch me until you give me the answer I want”
I looked up at him confused and dazed what answer, what was the question? He looked at my confused face and smiled. His hands roamed all over my body, he stood up and stripped, revealing that delicious body of his to me, all I could do was lick my lips and groan because he wouldn’t let me touch him. When he was completely naked, he dropped to his knees and spread my thighs open. I gulped as he looked intensely at my glistening folds
“So Beautiful” he said
Then he  bent down and slowly licked up my folds, I shivered and had an out of body experience, when suddenly his tongue plunged in to me making me scream, I was ready, I wanted his dick now, but no he kept on torturing me. His tongue moved around my clit like it was happy to be home, he closed his lips around my clit and sucked hard then went back to plunging his tongue into me. I was breathless; I wanted to run my fingers through his hair just to let him know how good he was making me feel. I was going crazy then suddenly he stopped, I moaned my protest he kept his eyes on mine while he slowly inserted a finger inside of me.
“Now that you’re warmed up, here’s my question…”
I groaned in impatience he needed to stop talking and make me come, I was on the edge and that finger was driving me nuts
“Will you move in with me Angel?”
I gasped and then groaned, that stupid finger was making it so hard for me to focus.
“Thing is I hate leaving you every time I have to work; I hate not seeing you for weeks at a time. I want to wake up next to you every day and come home to you every night, say yes baby.”
I couldn’t form a coherent thought I was so breathless, was he serious, did he really want to live together
“Say yes and I’ll let you touch me Angel”
I groaned, the man did not play fair, was this what I wanted, was I ready, he removed his finger and put his mouth back on me, eating me out like it was the last time he would have me. I wanted to touch him so badly, I wanted to feel his dick slamming into me and taking me to my peak.
“Yes” I called out
He raised his eyes to meet mine. I nodded to confirm he heard me correctly; he smiled and crawled up my body crashing our lips together. I could taste myself on him and it drove me wild, he raised his hips slightly so he could slide home. I called out his name, he groaned into my neck and started thrusting harder and faster, with each stroke he would lift my body off the couch. I just held on for the ride and called out his name when my orgasm hit me. He bit my shoulder and spilled inside of me. We were panting, trying to catch our breaths when he rolled of me and pulled me against his chest.
“No take backs Angel. I get to see you every time I open my eyes in the morning.”
That sounded amazing actually and for the first time in years I was not afraid, I was excited about this next step in our relationship.
ZOE (Present)
Someone was singing to me, a voice that could melt butter was singing to me, the song sounded sad but it soothed me, it calmed my soul. The harmony was beautiful if my eyes were open, I would have been crying. The more conscious I became the clearer I could hear the song and the person singing it. Oh, my God it was Jackson McGarett. Jackson McGarett was singing to me, I was floating, happy in my bliss right up until the song ended and then I remembered that Jackson was Blaze. I whimpered in pain, my heart breaking again. I was not ready to wake up; it hurt too much to remember that he was never mine. I let the darkness consume me again. I welcomed it and wrapped it around myself as tight as I could I wanted its oblivion.
I felt safe in the nothingness.
My need to pee woke me up from my memory-induced bliss. The last time Blaze and I were actually happy, the moments when I finally stopped letting my fear and doubts from holding me back. The moments when I accepted that a guy like him could actually want to spend his life with a girl like me. I tried to move but the pain that shot throughout my body almost put me back in a coma, I whimpered and tears rolled down the sides of my face. My head ached, I opened my eyes and the light almost blinded me, my throat was so dry and scratchy it made more tears roll down my face. A chair moved closer to the bed, I smelt him before I saw him (not that I could see him, with these lights as bright as they were). He held my hand and kissed it. What was he even doing here; he should be mourning his bitch that I hoped I killed. I tried moving my hand from his grasp and that made me groan out in pain, why did everything hurt? He whispered something in my ear that I didn’t quiet catch and then he moved away from me. I let out a deep breath, one I was not even aware that I was holding. A few moments later the door opened and someone walked in, I heard voices and then the person started checking me with soothing tones, I guess she was the nurse. She asked if I was in pain and I whispered a slow yes, someone was using a drill inside my head. She asked me to open my eyes and I told her the lights hurt so she moved to dim them and came back to examine me again. I opened my eyes; she put a straw in my mouth and let me sip some water to soothe my parched throat. She told me the doctor needed to check on me first before she could give me any more pain medication. I nodded slowly and motioned for her to come closer to me, when she was close enough I told her I needed to use the bathroom. She looked at me and I continued to tell her that I was uncomfortable with the catheter and that I would really love to go by myself. She nodded her understanding and took out that uncomfortable contraption. She disconnected my drip too, and then helped me out of the bed, that is when I remembered that he was in the room. He came closer to us and picked me up
“I’ll take her,” 
He said to the nurse. I was irritated that being in his arms was soothing and pissed that he would not give me my space, being around him was unnerving and he was very hard to ignore. I made a sound of protest when he meant to enter the bathroom with me
“No, I can do the rest myself” I half whispered
He sighed
“Let me help Angel, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before. Let me do this for you.”
“No”
He sighed again, frustrated this time
“What if you fall and worsen your injuries?”
“Then I fall Blaze, I don’t want you in here with me… please”
I think it was the please that got to him, he let me down in front of the toilet
“I’ll be right outside that door, when you are done I am coming back in to get you.”
He walked out closing the door behind him. I had no energy to fight with him; it took most of my strength just to be standing up. I did my business as carefully as I could. My left thigh was heavily bandaged and all of my movements felt like I was tearing out my stitches. I used the walls for balance when I was finally seated I let go and the relief that went through my bladder was worth bracing through all this pain. When I was done, I slowly stood up, it was agony but I pushed through it and managed to flush the toilet. As I was gathering my wits to wobble or crawl to the sink to wash my hands, Blaze opened the door and walked in
“I would like to wash my hands first.”
He picked me up and took me to the sink, when I got there, I nearly wept, right there on the counter was a bag full of my toiletries, I’m guessing Min must have been here sometime while I was asleep. He put me down but left an arm around my waist to keep me up. I had this urgent need to brush my teeth, I slowly did just that making sure not to brush to hard because this headache was a killer. When I was done, he picked me up again and carried me to the bed, I flinched when my head hit the pillows and he apologised. The nurse helped elevate my leg and then covered me with the blankets again, as she was finishing up the doctor walked in
“Ms Matloha welcome back.”
I smiled and then winced it was too much effort with this headache
“That’s fine Ms Matloha you suffered a minor concussion, when you fell you hit your head.”
He came closer to me and flashed a light in my eyes and ears, checked my vitals and then checked on the dressing on my thigh. He said I was lucky and that I would be walking again soon, I didn’t even need physio. He then gave the nurse the go ahead to inject my painkillers in the drip and the relief was instant. I started feeling drowsy
Blaze was sitting in a chair next to my bed, he had my hand in his again, I sighed and closed my eyes the peacefulness of sleep was calling out to me and I was answering the call, I wanted the darkness, I wanted the peace that was slowly wrapping itself around me. The last thing I felt before letting the darkness overcome me was his breath in my hair and his lips on my temple… oh Blaze
I woke up feeling groggy and parched. The pain I experienced earlier was still dulled by the painkillers I received earlier. Thankfully the room was dark and I could look around for a bit. I tried sitting up but ended up hurting my leg so I stopped moving. Rosa came in to do her rounds and found me awake, and then she happily announced that I would be getting a sponge bath. I felt so gross that I didn’t argue with her, I would take what I could get. After an hour we were done, I was in a clean night gown and she was slowly trying to brush out my hair, it was a mission with the headache but we managed. She told me how Min cried every time she came by to see me even after the doctor told her I would be ok, and that she was responsible for bringing my toiletry and my nightgown, I was grateful for that. The pain killers were starting to wear off and I had to eat something before Rosa injected me with more. As she was leaving to get me some soup BSB walked in, our eyes collided and my breath froze. I would never get used to how beautiful this man looked, his five o clock shadow and his rumpled clothing were gone, standing before me was the Adonis I met that first day of vacation, the man who’s glow was golden; a man whose smile had a girl’s panties melting right off. His green gaze zeroed in on me looking me over in the dimly lit room, I wished he wouldn’t look at me that way, like I was the only thing that mattered in his world, it hurt me too much . I looked away from him and caught Rosa gawking at him too, I couldn’t even get mad that she was checking him out , he didn’t even see her , his eyes were trained on me and I won’t lie that pleased me a lot. BSB walked into the room and smiled at us, that was a sight to behold; I don’t know how much more my heart could take.
“I hope you’re hungry Angel, I brought you mushroom soup and if you can stomach it some freshly baked bread.”
I groaned and Rosa sighed, the man knew me too well damn it. Rosa helped me sit up and then whispered in my ear
 “Girl if you don’t want him, I’ll take him”
I sighed, Rosa didn’t know what she was saying, and if she took him she would have crazy bitches chasing after her trying to take him away. (Ok it’s me, I’m crazy bitches). Rosa left and Blaze set the food down on the table in front of me, the food smelled delicious, heck he smelled delicious too, but it did not change the fact that looking at him hurt, it hurt a lot. When he was done laying out the food I dug in and he sat down just so he could watch me eat, so I kept my eyes downcast and ate the soup he handed to me, I ate without looking at him and he sighed, I didn’t want to make him sad and the silence in the room made me wish that things were easier between us just so I could enjoy some damn bread. I was about to take another spoonful of soup when he spoke
“I love you”
My eyes flew up to him; he was looking at me waiting for my reaction, my hands were shaking so much that I almost spilled my soup. I put the soup on the table still looking at him and whispered
“What?”
“I knew from the first moment I saw you, of course I denied it, because it felt like it was too soon, but no matter how much I tried to deny it, or take things slow between us; my heart knew you were the one. You are mine Angel. MINE”
What game was he playing, what about that psycho bitch of his? My mind was spinning how could I believe anything he said now when he had been lying to me for the past couple of months. My eyes blurred with tears I didn’t want to cry. He came closer to the bed and moved the table away to make room for himself, he held me in his arms and the movement made me wince in pain
“If I had told you that I loved you a long time ago, you wouldn’t doubt my word and it doesn’t help that I lied to you about who I was either. I hate seeing the pain in your eyes Angel; it tears me apart inside that I did this to you, that I hurt the woman that I love with everything that’s in me. Pleas, I just want you to know that I never played you love, everything that happened between us was real, I love you Zoe.”
My lips trembled as the tears continued to run down my face, he bent down and kissed both of my eyes before he got to my lips and gave me one of his toe curling kisses. My head was killing me and he was making me dizzy I didn’t want him to stop but I knew that he had to I was not ready for this. He ran his hands in my hair and deepened the kiss all logical thought left my mind and I just allowed myself to feel.
Rosa walked in Injection in hand and successfully managed to break us apart. Blaze packed up the leftover food and left, he didn’t even look back. Was that it, did I want that to be it? Was I ready to face a life without Blaze in it, so much has happened and I did not want us to sweep it under the rug, question was how did we deal with it? Rosa administered the Injection and then told me that the police heard that I was awake and they were coming in to see me tomorrow. I nodded and started falling asleep.

***********
CHAPTER EIGHT
Blaze
In the morning I walked in to Angel’s room, the police were already with her and she looked exhausted and ready to snap. I went to the right side of her bed and sat down next to her with her hand in mine. She visibly calmed down after that, so I looked at the detectives
“What seems to be the problem Detectives? The culprit confessed, is there a reason you are harassing my fiancé?”
The men in question looked sheepish, they already took Zoe’s statement before I arrived, and Rosa made sure to tell me that when I arrived at the hospital and my men let me know that Liliana was in custody.
“Our apologies sir, we were just explaining to Ms Matloha that no charges will be brought up against her as she acted in self-defence. Mrs Rade is facing two counts of attempted murder, she confessed to trying to kill you twice and sending you death threats. Her husband asked if he could see Ms Matloha.”
My blood ran cold, there was no way I wanted that bastard anywhere close to my love. I wanted to protest on her behalf and tell the fool to fuck-off. I looked at Zoe why wasn’t she saying “No way in hell”, did she actually want to see that asshole? For the first time since we met, I was truly afraid that I was going to lose her and that there was nothing that I could do about it. Did I even have the right to protest if she agreed to see him? My thoughts halted and my body tensed when I heard her say
“Send him in detective.”
As soon as the detective left to call the love of her life I stood up to excuse myself, I couldn’t see her with him. My heart would not be able to handle it. I had to get out of here. As I got up to leave, she held on tightly to my hand, I looked into her eyes, God I loved her so much
“Stay”
Was all she said, screwed that is what I was, because, there was no way I could leave her. When I sat back, down she sought out my fingers and twined our hands together again. Before I could ask, what was up, the door opened and the asshole walked in all smug like he was here to claim what belonged to him.




Zoe
Richard walked in, tall and sure of himself, I looked at him, looked him over from head to toe and I felt nothing, I had never been so happy. My heart had room only for Blaze; he was the only one who belonged there. I squeezed his hand and he squeezed me right back. Richard looked at our entwined hands and his smile fell away.
“I guess I am too late.”
I smiled at Richard
“You would be correct in your assumption. What can I do for you Richard?”
“I came to get my girl back, to apologise for putting you in danger.”
He looked defeated
“I forgive you Richard, you can move on with your life.”
He looked at our entwined hands again and asked
“Why did you agree to see me?”
I smiled and looked at Blaze directing my answer to him
“I wanted the man that I love to see you and know that he had nothing to ever worry about, to know that I belong to him completely and that I have forgotten all about you because of him. I am not trying to hurt you Richard, I am just making sure that BSB never has to wonder what would happen between us if we ever meet again, you were good me, but you still endangered my life and lied to me. Goodbye Richard”
Blaze never took his eyes of me the whole time I spoke; I hope he knew that I meant it. Richard slipped out of the room leaving us in our staring trance.
“Say it again “he said
I smiled at him
“I love you”
He got up and smashed his lips to mine. My body tingled with awareness; every time we came together, it was an explosion, he was careful when he wrapped his arms around me considering my injuries. I don’t know when I forgave him, maybe it came with the realization that I couldn’t live without him.
“I love you so much Angel, I promise to make you happy for the rest of our lives”
I laughed
“That’s a really long time Blaze…”
He kissed my forehead and said
“That’s what I am counting on.”

THE END


Copyright © 2019 Zwivhuya Chuma
First edition 2020
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission
from the copyright holder.
The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/
resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been
incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these
omissions at the earliest opportunity.
ISBN TBC (will be inserted at print stage)
Published by Zwivhuya Chuma using MC Publishers’ services,
@deliciousdirtyk
Chumamitchelle@yahoo.com



















PLAYLIST…
1.Meant to be – Florida Georgia line ft bebe rexha
2.Partition – beyonce
3.Lights down low – max schnieder
4.I know what you did last summer – shawn mendez Camilla cabello
5.Wait – maroon 5
6.Animals – maroon 5
7.Don’t go breaking my heart – backstreet boys
8.Sooner or later – aaron carter
9.Sure thing – Miguel
10.Into you – Ariana grande
11.Better now – post Malone
12.Without me – halsey
13.SOS – AVICII FT ALOE BLANC








CHAPTER ONE
Ava
Shawn Mendez and Camilla Cabello’s I know what you did last summer song blares from my alarm clock and I know it’s time to get up. Final year of college and I can’t afford to miss any classes, I am a drama major and it’s been hectic. Dramatically rolling out of bed (meaning I rolled over trying to get up and accidentally fell to the floor). I grumbled to myself cursing the floor for being hard while I made my way to the bathroom to shower. Danny will be here to pick me up and he hates waiting. Daniel Dolton my best friend since we were in diapers and now he was the kind of stuff a girl thinks about while she showers. The guy looked like one of those Greek Gods, with his golden hair that had light streaks on the tips,    grey eyes that make you feel like he can see right to your soul, a sexy full mouth meant for kissing and sinning. That body oh dear God that body…all hard muscle, tight abs and stuff really he was just beautiful all six foot five of him. The boy played football so of course his body would out of this world and all that meant was surrounded by a lot of skanks , sorry I meant girls and I was forever doomed to the friend zone.
I jumped out of the shower and continued to get ready in record time so that I would have plenty of time for breakfast. I dressed quickly in my favourite black leggings, slipped on my 4 inch black ankle books and a light of the shoulder white sweater jersey, put my hair up in a messy bun added some lip gloss and I was ready to go. When I got downstairs, Danny was already in the kitchen having cereal
“Morning Baby girl”
He stood up to hug me and kiss my cheek, I wanted to groan out loud was I late again?
“Morning” I grumbled. “I thought I was early enough to rush breakfast today”.
“You are, I’m just super early”
“Don’t patronise me Daniel”
The fool laughed in my face for using his full name”
“I am not hungry anymore, let’s just go.”
He grabbed my wrist and pulled me against him
“Oh no way, I know how moody you get on an empty stomach, eat we have time baby girl.”
“I hate it when you call me that “
He smiled
“Tough, you are my number one girl I should get perks.”
Ok, ok, so I was getting frustrated with my feelings for him and taking it out on him too. I mean we were arguing about breakfast for heaven’s sake. I had to get it together and fast. I went up to him and hugged him, it didn’t help me, but it was working for him
“I’m sorry, I really thought I was early. I know you hate waiting.”
He squeezed me to him and then smirked
“It’s alright baby girl, it comes with the package, you are a drama major after all.”
He laughed at that, he was such an ass sometimes, I took my cereal to go and ate it in the car 
Surprises, surprise when we got to campus his fans were already waiting. I kissed his cheek goodbye and left the car before the mob of girls could trample me. All of them beautiful, all of them sexy and skanky, all of them leggy and blue eyed, just the type that he liked. I sighed my fat ass did not stand a chance. Toya called me over, I felt bad because I was so in my head, I hadn’t noticed her. She was my colourful fairy look alike friend, all tutu skirts and colourful vests, looking at her always brightened up my day. She was so tiny and petite she made me feel like a giant standing next to her. 
“I see you drove in with hot piece of ass over there”
I laughed, Danny hated that nickname, said it made him feel like a piece of meat. Looking over my shoulder to where we parked, I’d say the nickname suited him just fine, what with all the girls draped all over him and his friends hanging on for dear life. They seemed happy being groped by the cheerleaders and the hot chicks.
“I always drive in with him, what’s your point?”
She pursed her lips and rolled her eyes
“Yeah, and you always run off once you get here. Live a little Ava the man is your best friend, if he cannot date you for whatever reason, he can at least point you in the direction of somebody who can. I mean look at them, they are all hot. Not that he will, because he always has his eyes on you babe, like right now, he definitely wants you”
“Who wants who, and why don’t I know about it?”
Justin said as he joined our conversation, looking dazzling in a pink sweater and blue jeans. Yes Justin was gay and he owned it like a throne I was so proud of him. I loved him too much, he was the perfect right angle to our triangle of friendship.
“Hot piece of ass wants Ava.”
Justin put his handbag next to us and clapped his hands excitedly
“Of course he wants Ava, she is hot, look at that ass.”
My cheeks were burning at this point these two could be blunt when they wanted to be. Justin looked at me
“You are hot, make a move on him girl, the worst thing he could do is say no; which he won’t.”
I shook my head, these two were crazy, I was not jumping of that bridge at least not yet. I was nowhere near confident enough to risk my friendship with him.
“Stop it guys, can we please talk about something else, besides he is with charli remember.”
Toya snorted in disgust, she really disliked Charli, she was a terrible person but we tolerated her because she was Danny’s girlfriend.
“Girl please, that bitch has got nothing on you and I am not just saying that because I am your friend.”
Justin hummed his agreement, I couldn’t blame them, Charli was a real meanie, she bullied the girls she deemed were beneath her and that’s just saying she bullied everybody she thought was better looking than her. She was one of the cheerleaders actually the captain of the squad and that made her worse. Except she had a few of the girls fighting her back, because they wanted their chance with Danny. My friend was a Man-whore, if it wore a skirt he chased it, his teammates were the same. Guess it was just a perk of being popular.
My little Group and I, well we were the theatrics, the artsy ones no-one paid attention to. Toya was a fashion major, Justin a music major, the boy could sing like an angel and play the piano and guitar like it was child’s play. I was a drama Major, I had acting down like a boss, that’s how convincing I was when I was in a role, I became the character inside and out. All or nothing with us. I put Danny out of my mind and we all started heading to our classes.
“See you bitches later.”
************
Assignments done Danny stretched out on my carpet and yawned 
“So what’s for dinner?”
I looked at him and raised an eyebrow
“Really I fed you last night too, Oh, I pity the woman who’s going to marry you “
He looked at me eyes wide and mouth open... mmm the boy was melting my ovaries
“What, can’t a guy ask what’s for dinner without anyone thinking he is sexist?”
“You know I am not the domestic type, so everything sounds sexists to me”
He got up to follow me to the kitchen laughing “one day some guy is going to change that in you baby girl”
I turned to look at him like he was crazy
“You failed and you’ve know me for twenty years, yeah I am not holding my breath.”
He laughed while I made us some club sandwiches, Danny stepped out to make a call or take one I wasn’t paying attention. I was too focused on making these damn sandwiches. As soon as he stepped out, it became easier to breathe, these days it was getting harder and harder to contain the feelings that I had for him. Thing is as understanding as Danny was, I did not want to put him in a position where he had to lie about having feelings for me just because I was crazy about him. Being in love with your best friend really sucked hairy balls. He walked back in to the room and came towards me with a smile 
“Do you need any help over there baby girl?”
There was no way I could handle him next to me right now.
“Uhm no thanks Dee, I got this, you just take the drinks out and pick a movie I will be right there.”
He walked towards the fridge happy with himself
“I thought you said, you weren’t the domestic type, I don’t know right now it looks like you are trying very hard to prove that you can bring food over to your man.”
The fuck he just say… my head snapped up and looked in his direction so fast I must have given myself whiplash. My eyes were wide and the fool was laughing away not realising he had my heart beating a hundred beats a minute. I put the sandwiches on two plates and walked past him into the lounge I needed to compose myself. He sat next to me as always and turned on the movie. Tonight he picked a Seriously Single. I love Tumi Morake she funny as well shit. The movie was so funny it had me choking on my food a few times so I just gave up on eating and put my plate aside, so I could give Tumi my undivided attention.
After the movie, we cleaned up and then I walked Danny to the door and said goodnight. The fool lived just next door but the way he hugged me, you would swear it was as if he would never see me again.
I called my mum before getting into bed because she was not home yet, but her phone was on voice mail so I left her a message 
“Hello mummy just letting you know I’m going to bed now I miss you so much do you still live in this house?? Anyway, mummy goodnight and drive home safely ok I love you.
CHAPTER TWO
“Mom are you up yet?”
I thought she would still be here damn I thought I’d see her before she left for work two days of not seeing her that was just too much for my 22 year old self really, I was in my last year of college that didn’t mean I didn’t still need her.
Getting ready for school I plugged in my iPod to the speakers and got dressed listening and dancing to P-Square’s Alingo
Today I decided to put on my black leggings, white vest, blue tail jersey and my brownish boots I tied my shoulder length hazel brown hair in a pony put on some mascara, eyeliner and clear colour gloss for my lips topped the look of with my call me bitch hoop earrings and I was hot and ready to go. A car hooted outside as I was making my way downstairs book bag in hand I ran to the fridge and grabbed two bottles of ice tea and saw the note my mom left.
SORRY I HAD TO LEAVE EARLY AGAIN BABY I’LL BE HOME EARLY TONIGHT AND WE’LL ORDER PIZZA LOVE YOU
Danny hooted again I grabbed the juice boxes and ran out to the Lexus his pride and joy he calls it we take turns driving each other to school and this was his week.
I gave him the bottle of ice tea when I was in the car seat belt on and all he gave me was his famous boyish grin which I hated because he made all the girls at school swoon over him with that grin
“Morning “
He said and took the tea from me
“Thanks baby girl. You look beautiful, nice boots”
I laughed “yeah lol thank you”
He grinned at me again and I rolled my eyes he on the other hand was wearing his black Levis jeans which hung on him ooh so nicely if I might add and a white muscle shirt that clung to his every muscle tightly every time he moved yeah I rolled my eyes again and laughed football players.
We got to school and as usual his crew of groupies were waiting to jump on him and I had to literally fight my way past the crew of skanks this time. I looked over at Danny, yeah my friend loved this attention to much
“See ya later Dee”, he winked at me damn he was just so….uhrrgg.
Toya and Justin waved at me and I made my way up to them
“Hey guys”
We hugged and gave each other air kisses on both cheeks MWAH MWAH Toya looked over my shoulder and licked her lips in an exaggerated manner and said
“Honestly girl when are you planning to hook me up with that hot piece of ass friend of yours”
“Or any of his teammates cause we all know Danny is yours “
Justin added holding his heart, these two were high it was still too early to deal with their shit.
“Come on guys, it’s too early for this kind of talk.”
The morning went by quickly and soon enough it was time for lunch, my friends walked by to the cafeteria and walking past Danny and his team surrounded by girls again. I hated that it bothered me so much now. We got our food and sat at our usual table away from the noise of course listening to Justin tell us about his latest addition to his new shoe collection Justin was on his way to being a drag queen I mean he had more and better makeup than what Latoya and I had and now he was buying shoes Justin is a very good looking guy short curly black hair , green eyes straight nose strong square jaw and he worked out he is such a loss to woman kind as a guy but totally makes up for it as a friend. We were listening to Justin go on and on about the hunk he met at the mall when Latoya said 
“Oooh don’t look now but here comes hot piece of ass now”
She was so giddy, jumping around in those colours she was making me dizzy.
Danny got to our table and sat down after he kissed my cheek.
“Hey guys“
They all said hi in high pitched voices, these two were so disowned. Danny turned to me 
“Baby girl I forgot to tell you, we have practice this afternoon, “
He looked like he felt bad about it and continued on to say 
“It’s only for an hour though so I hope you won’t mind waiting until we are done and I’ll make it up to you by taking you out for dinner afterwards”
I didn’t mind waiting I always waited for him to finish with practise on most days as I was about to say that it was ok Justin chirped in an said
“Don’t worry sexy we’ll make sure Ava gets home safely“
Danny had a look on his face that I had never seen before almost like he was disappointed or almost irritated by Justin’s suggestion so I smiled at him
“Well look at that Dee now you don’t have to worry about me during practice I have a ride“
He looked at Justin and gave him one of his boyish grins which made Justin blush scarlet red and said thank you. As Danny was about to leave Toya called out to him and said
“Hey Danny I’m looking to be corrupted by a hot piece of ass are you interested?”
He seemed to think about it, making me laugh at how cute he looked when he scrunched up his face, but then he shocked us all.
“Sorry Toya, there is only one girl this heart belongs to, I’m saving all corrupting and tricks for her, if she will have me.”
What? He walked away after that, I sat there shocked. Danny was in love with someone and he didn’t tell me about it. Who was she, why was she being kept a secret from me? Toya sighed next to me
“Do you know who she is?”
“Nope”
“And it doesn’t bother you?”
“It’s not like I can force him to love me boo, relax I’m good. Maybe it’s Charli”
Justin snorted disgusted that I would dare suggest such a thing
“It’s not her, it’s you Ava.”
No, it couldn’t be, could it?
The rest of the day went by uneventful after school I met up with Justin and Toya at the car park and we decided to go to the mall first. We got in the car and Justin put in Beyoncé’s flawless on repeat yeah we were singing, “I woke up like this, I woke up like this “ very out loudly all the way to the mall. Once at the mall, Toya said the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard it was absolutely Ludacris I’m sure of that. We were sitting at McDonalds waiting for our meal and spying on Justin’s hunk whose name by the way was Dean he worked at the sport shop across from McDonalds and where we were sitting we had the perfect view of his every move. Justin just kept fanning himself gosh he was more girl than Toya and I combined. Toya looked at me and gave me one of her knowing smirks
“About what Danny said earlier, do you know who the girl is Angel?”
I looked at her and said “you know I feel peeved because of that I mean you would think that 20years of friendship would mean we tell each other everything. I don’t know who she is I’ve never met her and he has never mentioned her”
humph Toya put her hands on the table and leaned in
“I have a theory ….”
Justin looked at her
“And what theory might that be?”
She laughed
“Well obviously the girl is Angel...”
She looked so excited as if she cracked a big mystery Justin and I both burst out laughing.
“Yeah stop with the jokes Toya Danny is just my friend, besides I highly doubt that he sees me that way, let’s try to stop flattering my heart”
She opened her eyes wide and said
“Come on guys it has to be you, you said it yourself Angel you guys have known each other for years, and I’ve seen how hot piece of ass looks at you.”
I folded my arms and looked at her
“Toya I’m sorry to burst your bubble doll it’s not me I don’t date remember at all.”
Justin spoke up 
“What’s up with that Aves I mean really you’re seriously hot why are you keeping all of that to yourself?”
I shrugged and started eating my chips truth of the matter was I actually didn’t know why I didn’t date, those kind of feelings haven’t been evoked in me yet every time a guy even thinks to start talking to me I closed off and my heart constricted any guy except Danny that is.
We finished our meals and did some eye shopping before heading home Toya and Justin dropped me off I went in got started on my first semester drama script.








CHAPTER THREE
My mom walked in just around seven and I rushed to meet her
“I’m glad to see you still live here “
I said she laughed and hugged me tight
“Hi baby I’ve missed you too, so you ready for that pizza?”
I laughed
“Sure mom food is what I’m thinking about”
“How was school today honey “
I looked at her and sat down on the kitchen counter
“School was good mom actually I want to talk to you about volunteering”
She looked at me and told me to go ahead I continued
“Mom I feel that I would be of better service to the world and human kind if I volunteer more don’t get me wrong mummy I love putting on shows for you and making you laugh but I have really thought long and hard about this and my heart wants to entertain the world. I want to share my talents”
She didn’t look disappointed so I went on to say
“I want to make both you and dad proud of me”
I saw my mother stiffen at my mentioning my dad I guess it must still be painful to have lost him after all these years she moved in closer to me and hugged me
“Honey I’m your mother I’ll always be proud of you, I’m happy you want to do something to help people and baby that just makes you an even more remarkable human being ”
I hugged her back and pushed on “so mom I was also thinking about volunteering at some shelters you know get a head start in my career and all” I swear she almost cried so I lightened up the mood by saying I’ll call in the pizza.
Danny texted me later on to tell me he was hanging out with Charli tonight his on again off again girlfriend
Dee: With charli 2nite. Dnt w8 up.
Me: Is she the mystery girl who has stolen your heart. The one you forgot to tell your best friend.
Dee: Do I detect some jealousy baby girl?
Ok… What is happening right now?
Is he flirting with me, is this flirting? Huh just to get some clarity I texted back
Me: Do you want me to be?
No response, ok so maybe he was not flirting with me. Two hours later as I was about to fall asleep he texted back
Dee: Gudnyt bby girl. I’ll be thinking about you.
The fuck does that mean urghhhh I pulled the covers over my head. What does that even mean why would he be thinking about me when he is with Charli?
Pizza night with mom was awesome I almost forgot how much fun it was hanging out with her we sat up talking well into midnight before she started yawning we walked upstairs and went to bed.

Jeez, I threw my alarm against the wall I didn’t feel like waking up today I was still so sleepy I was grumpy, until I came out of the shower. What to wear today mm mm IPod plugged in Maroon 5 hitting me with their Animal song. I settled on my lace knee length blue dress and black pumps feeling like a star. left my hair loose and put on some gloss something feels different in me today I feel like changing letting go a little I know I was afraid but I don’t know what it was I was afraid of no I’m not going to be young forever so I have to start enjoying it. With a renewed purpose for enjoying life I grabbed my bag and my books went into the kitchen for my juice box and my shades and keys to my red mini cooper today was going to be a great day.
Once I was in my car, I hooted for Danny but then I remembered that he was out with Charli last night so he might be driving in with her today and she doesnt like me very much. It’s just better I drove myself today so I texted him
“Morning Dee hope you had a gr8 night, don’t worry about me this morning I’m driving in I’ve missed driving my baby see you at school”
He texted back
“There goes my morning; I was looking forward to that juice box”
I laughed and replied
“Typical”
Justin and Toya were waiting for me at the school entrance; I was so excited to see them. Today Toya was as colourful as always, wearing a multi coloured ballet tutu skirt with a white vest; yellow figure belt and black pumps. While Justin wore a pink t-shirt that had kiss me now written on the chest with blue levies cut-off jeans and black sneakers. I smiled excitedly at them and hugged them both
“Hey guys”
Justin hugged me back
“Well you are especially chipper today”
Smiling again I said
“Well yes, yes I am I’ve decided to start living”
Latoya practically jumped and touched the sky
“Finally girl first order of business we have a party to attend tonight tell me you are coming “
Justin clapped his hands together in a pleading way I laughed and rolled my eyes
”I’ll be there “
Just as we were talking about what to wear to the party and who was going to be there Charli walked past us and snorted in disgust, Toya being the feisty one in the group ofcourse couldn’t let that slide
“Bitch if you have something to say, say it.” 
Charli stopped and gave me a very dirty look
“You losers are stinking up the way and this fat cow needs to stay away from my man“
We looked around us; clearly searching for something, she got pissed
“What are you idiots doing?”
“Looking for the fat cow,” we all, said
She pointed her long skinny ass finger at me
“Stay away from my man bitch, or I will cut your eyes out.”
Dramatic much? Justin stood in front of me 
“So this is a jealousy rant, get out of our faces before I pop your fake tits”
We turned around to leave her standing there with her mouth open
“Come on guys lets go to class”
We walked in the building still laughing. 
“Ok I love you guys but I have to go, see you at lunch I’ve got a Shakespeare class now”
“Ok girl we’ll see ya”
Justin said giving me air kisses as I rushed to class.

***************



CHAPTER FOUR
Made it to class just on time, I was laughing to myself I need to stop standing outside and laughing at skanks if I wanted to be early to my morning classes. Who does Charli think she is though trying to keep me away from my best friend bitches be loco. What does Danny even see in her? 
I was about to open my book when the guy who sat behind me tapped on my shoulder; I turned around and smiled
“Hello”
“Hi “he said 
“I’m Luke Jefferson”
“Nice to meet you I’m Ava Evans”
“I know “
He looked me over slowly and smiled. Lord this guy was flirting with me, ok I got this
“Did you now?”
He smiled showing off his pearly whites; that’s when I looked him over he was gorgues. Broad chest, muscled arms, square jaw, green eyes and short blond hair he was hot and hard all over Damn what was I saying? He smiled at me and put out his hand to me I shook it and smiled back
“I am a very nice guy and I’m crazy about your friend “
I blinked ok I totally misread this situation and I think he could see it on my face because of what he said next 
“Don’t get me wrong Ava you are very hot of course I’d want you if I could it’s just that I am more Justin’s type“
I burst out laughing OMG thank GOD my ego was about thirty percent bruised whew…. I just had to get up and hug him
“Well than in that case Luke you can have lunch with us today“
His eyes lit up as if Christmas was coming early. The lecture went on great we were busy with personality theories of the characters this semester and I have to say I was enjoying it way too much.
So me walking into the cafeteria with a hot guy that was not Danny, was a sight to behold. Especially since this hot guy had his arm around me and I was not having a panic attack and hiding under the table. Justin and Toya watched us walk towards them in astonishment. When we got to the table, Toya couldn’t contain herself anymore
“Well done for living Bestie, I approve.”
Luke turned beet red and I felt so bad for him, its ok if he want Justin he would need to get used to this bluntness. We settled down at the table and I introduced him to them. Justin couldn’t stop running his mouth as usual
“Lukie Boy tell us, how did you bag our Ava how did you conquer where many have failed?”
He leaned in on the table eyebrow raised and asked him again
“How did you do it?”
Luke smirked and looked right in to Justin’S eyes
“I told her I was more interested in you”
Toya and I melted on the spot. Luke had moves, Justin was silenced on the spot and his face was flustered this was a new look for our friend. We all burst out laughing before I turned to Justin
“He is serious by the way. He is more into you than into me disappointing isn’t it“
Justin’s mouth dropped to the floor and we all just cracked up, Luke put his arm around me and crushed me to his chest
“I was tired of waiting for Justin to notice m. I waited two years and he wasn’t seeing me so I had to make myself seen now and here I am“
We all burst out laughing again because Justin was shocked to silence, Danny made his way over to us and he looked pissed.
He looked over at Luke’s arm that was around me
“Hey guys and who is the new member of the group?
 Introduced Luke to Dee
“Dee this is Luke and Luke this is Danny my best friend in the world 20 years and all oh and he won’t tell me who this so called love of his life is “
Danny just gave me a look and they shook hands but Danny didn’t smile at all he was actually rude. Luke shrugged
“Nice to meet you Danny I envy you for knowing this gorgeous thing for 20 years.”
I smiled
“Aww we you think I’m gorgeous thank you, save that for Justin though”
Danny did not like that at all
“Yo Angel, when you are done flirting, will you let me know if we are driving together later.”
I looked at him trying to read his mood what was up with him today
“No don’t worry Dee spend time with Charli, she thinks I want to steal you away from her. I drove in remember”
He turned and left I turned to my friends who all had weird looks on their faces, Luke who spoke up first
“Is it me or did I step in on Danny’s territory?”
Toya started laughing
“Finally someone who sees what I do “
“And what is that “
I asked knowing exactly where they were going with this and they couldn’t have been more wrong Danny must have just had a bad date with Charli last night that’s what’s wrong I got up from the table and told Luke I would meet him at the next class I had to meet up with Danny first.
I raced up behind him and tapped him on his shoulder
“Hey Dee what’s up?”
He shrugged 
“Why would you think anything was up?”
I looked up at him and said 
“20 years of friendship.”
He looked irritated
“Just practice making me tired“
and he walked off. Mmmph that was rude.
“Danny wait “
He turned to look at me “Seriously what is up your ass, are you and Charli fighting again?”
He sighed
“No Angel Charli and I are over that cannot be fixed, but don’t worry ok Angel, it’s hectic with the games this season and we have been training extra hard I’m sorry I’m being awful to you I did not mean too.”
I looked up into his eyes to see if he was telling me the truth, he gave me his puppy dog eyes so I moved into his arms
“Ok good; hey we going to some party tonight you want to come?”
He pushed me back a bit and looked at me surprised
“Since when do you go to parties ?”
I laughed
“Since tonight come on lets go it should be fun, besides it’s my first party and I want you there for my protection…and also… for eye candy”
Oh God did I just say that out loud I quickly put my hand on my mouth ooops he looked at me amusement lighting his face, he was about to say something when
“Danny baby “
Charli showed up out of nowhere and kissed him on the lips moving her hands all over him. I don’t know why but it felt like she was doing this for my benefit and it bothered me a lot and for some reason it looked like Danny wasn’t enjoying it either. I hated that she had her hands all over him worst of all I hated that she was kissing the lips I dreamt of every night. WAIT WHAT? Surprised at myself I backed up from the couple slowly, then turned around, and ran off to class what was going on with me today.

********











CHAPTER FIVE
AVA’s pov
After school I took Toya home to fetch a couple of things she was going to get ready at my house and quite frankly I didn’t want to be alone with my thoughts, Justin and Luke were going to pass by and pick us up later for the party.
When we got home, toya got started with my hair while we decided on what to wear when Justin called to say that Luke would meet us at the party. It was exciting it being my first party and all and I wanted to look hot I wanted Danny to fall all over himself wait what … This crush was getting worse wasn’t it?
That revelation was so shocking I stood up from the chair so quickly my head started spinning. I am in love with Danny, I mumbled. Toya was like Angel what’s up I almost burned your ear off with this curling iron. I looked at her shocked, eyes wide open
“Toya I’m in love with my best friend”
She squealed
“You finally admit it. “
I was exasperated
“No Toya not good I don’t date, I don’t know where these feelings come from what the hell”
She looked at me and just started laughing I narrowed my eyes and pointed a finger at her and said
“Not a word about this to anyone you got that, not a word “
She just kept on laughing.
The party was at Mike’s house, he was Danny’s teammate and friend, it was so packed when we got there, there wasn’t any place to park so we had to park down the street and walk to the party. I had decided to wear my red figure hugging dress it came just above my knees in length the neckline was v shaped and I have to say my twins (boobs) were really getting some fresh air. I wore a gold figure belt gold earrings and a gold necklace that had a red ruby in the middle and I wore my black 8-inch heels topped off with red lipstick and my hair tumbling down in soft wave. Toya was wearing her green tutu dress that made her look like she had a big bum and she loved that with a black figure belt and her black 8-inch heels. We bought our shoes at the same time just one of those things we both had to have .her hair was a fizzy masterpiece and she wore green lipstick. Justin wore his black tight skinny jeans with his muscle tight pink shirt and a pink scarf around his neck. Added some lip gloss and black shoes he looked fabulous. We walked in and there was barely any room to move around Luke spotted us and came right over. He looked good wearing blue jeans and a black shirt that showed off all his hardness. Pity I knew he was gay damn I laughed to myself this was not fair. He got to us and greet, then he and Justin went to the kitchen to get us some drinks, As soon as they left Danny made his way to me
“Don’t look now but your boyfriend is coming over” My stomached knotted in many twists and I felt myself panicking what am I doing? This is Danny for heaven’s sake. He touched my shoulder, I took a deep breath turned around and smiled. Wow he was breath taking he wore black jeans that hung on him in that sinful way sitting just right on his hips. You could almost make out the outline of that V that looks like it is an arrow pointing to something delicious. I moved my eyes a little higher and saw how his white t-shirt stretched over his muscles with movement and I just stood there breathing. My eyes went a little higher and I saw his lips oooh how I could see those lips doing sinful things to me, I bit my bottom lip when I realised I had started thinking about how I wanted his lips on mine better yet kissing my whole body. GOD I felt dizzy I looked up higher his wavy blonde hair had that just showered look about it and I wanted to run my fingers through it. I finally looked in his eyes he was starring right at me and there was something dark and delicious in his eyes. I couldn’t help licking my lips I actually felt like I was moving in for a kiss when Charli came and snapped shut my momento of thinking. Damn her… I smiled at them both
“Hey guys you look good”
Charli was the one who was talking away talking about how she helped plan and organise the party and all that crap but Danny just stood there staring at me like I’d grown two heads my heart plummeted to the floor he didn’t think that I looked good. I actually felt my eyes sting no way was I going to start crying, just as I thought I was going to embarrass myself in front of my best friend and his girlfriend I felt a hand come around my waist and a kiss on my cheek. I turned to see Luke smiling and looking at me like I was the only girl in the room. I smiled back at him; he turned to look at Danny and Charli and said 
“Sorry to barge in like this, but this is my favourite song and I need my girl to dance with me and I definitely can’t leave her to stand here and waste away this hot red dress now can I “ 
My cheeks were flaming red what was Luke doing Danny had this peculiar look on his face that I couldn’t read I wanted to ask if he was fine when Luke turned to me
“Well Ava shall we go dance so I can show you off to all the guys here tonight “
I was so surprised I couldn’t even laugh I smiled at Danny and Charli
“Sorry guys, I need to go show off my dress, enjoy your night “
We walked off and left them there gawking Luke really walked me to the dance floor, we started to dance to Maroon 5’s Animal song, which was actually my favourite song, and we were singing too. When that song ended we danced to Calvin Harris’s blame it song, Justin and Toya came to join us that’s when I turned to Luke
“Thanks for saving me back there, it was getting awkward“
Luke gave me his pearly whites smile and said 
“When Toya told us your revelation we couldn’t simply let you suffer through that now could we, maybe that little scene we caused will remind Danny that you not just his buddy but that you are a woman a very hot one at that “
Justin slid in between us and said
“Plus I think that dress you’re wearing is bringing the point home for him”
We continued dancing to a few more songs when the DJ did the worst thing and played Danny’s favourite song she’s like a star by Taio Cruz. I am crazy about my best friend; I was looking around for him just to see if he heard the song. I was disappointed when my eyes couldn’t find him anywhere and the jealousy that ripped through me when the thought hit me that he was probably making out with Charli somewhere was brutal. Damn I hate this, suddenly I felt a hand around my waist turning me around my face hit his chest and he whispered in my ear
“I thought I’d steal a dance with my very sexy best friend to my favourite song“
I looked up at him and smiled, I was breathless was I always this breathless around him. Did he always make my heart beat this fast?
“Of course”
He pulled me tighter into his embrace and we started dancing, bumping and grinding against each other. I loved being like this with him too much, too soon for my liking the song ended and Miguel’s sure thing song came on
“I wish you knew what you do to me Angel”
I was about to ask what that meant when Luke grabbed me back to his side and we danced some more. Danny disappeared again.
My phone suddenly rang I didn’t recognise the number so I went outside to answer the call. I wondered who could be calling me this late
“Hello “
I heard a panicked and scared voice, I knew the voice it was Judy. I knew her from the shelter where I volunteered. She had been there twice after her father had beaten her up but always went back because she feared for her little sister and she did not want to press charges
“Judy, what’s wrong” 
She sniffled
“Ava, where are you I need your help”
I could hear the panic in her voice and my heart constricted
“Tell me where you are and I’ll come to you ok “
She sniffled again and said 
“I’m at your house I’m standing outside”
Oh shit yes moms working late again tonight ok 
“Ok Judy 10 minutes and I’m there ok, don’t go anywhere I’ll be right there.”
I ran back inside the party to my friends I told them I needed a ride back home quickly and no, we cannot all go, it was a delicate matter and we would overwhelm Judy even though she was familiar with them. Luke said he would drive me home, I sent Justin an” I’m sorry I’m stealing your boyfriend look”; he just smiled and gave me his “relax you know you owe me big look” I was too worried about Judy to laugh. We shuffled through the crowd and made our way to Luke’s car.
Danny watched us the whole time as we walked out and for the first time that evening I realised that he was angry ok I will deal with that later I needed to get to Judy.

*********











CHAPTER SIX
Ava's Pov
Judy was sitting on my top step when I got home and she was carrying something in her arms. When I got closer, I saw that she was carrying Sam her four-year-old baby sister and they were both bruised and bleeding
“I’m taking the two of you to hospital and we are calling the police this has gone on for too long “
She looked defeated; she shook her head and said 
“No Ava no hospitals please can we just come in and clean up and then we will be on our way “
Their way ?
“On your way where”
She looked at me and said 
“I don’t know we will make a plan”
I shook my head and said don’t be ridiculous you guys can stay here until we get help I’ll call my mom I’m sure she won’t mind”
Judy smiled bleakly at me and said thank you I called Luke to come in and help to clean Sam up and get her into bed while I helped Judy clean up. After I had helped Judy clean-up we sat in the lounge with some tea and I asked her what happened
“I had some extra classes today at school so I got home a little late around 6, we were done with supper when dad asked me to go to the store and get him some aspirin and milk for tomorrow morning’s breakfast.
He gave me the money and I made my way to the store I forgot the money on the counter so I had to turn back, when I got in Sam was screaming and he was shouting at her to shut up or he would slit her throat. I rushed into the lounge and found him on top of her tearing her clothes of I screamed at him to stop he turned around and punched me so hard I hit the wall and lay limp on the floor for a second. He focused on Sam again so I got up, fetched one of our kitchen chairs, and hit him on the head. He collapsed and I grabbed Sam and we ran here“
She was hysterical; I just held her to me and told her that it will all be ok that I would help her and her sister. I was so pissed I could kill that man myself; he was a low down dirty coward hitting his own kids, kids who love him unconditionally. I got up and helped Judy to bed next to her little sister; she fell asleep instantly her eyes had shadows around them. I could see she hadn’t slept for days this was just too much for a 12 year old. I felt myself getting angry again, so I went into the kitchen to calm myself down. Luke came and gave me a hug
“I can’t let this go Luke I need to do something “
He looked at me and smiled again 
“They are lucky they have you, and you know you have us right anything that needs to be done you know we’ve got your back”
I smiled at him weakly and walked him to the door
“Goodnight sweetie“
He kissed my cheek again when he pulled away we saw Danny standing there with his fingers curled in to fists looking like a wounded angry animal; but he was still hot I wanted to be in his arms immediately but I held myself back. Luke spoke to Danny before he left
“Take care of her for me ok goodnight.”
I was so worked up I forgot I was still in my party clothes I was too tired to change so I just took off my shoes and took my phone from the counter; on my way to the lounge. Danny looked at me when I walked in his face unreadable
“I see you and your boyfriend were in a hurry to leave the party “
I just gave him a look and called my mom drat her phone was on voicemail I’ll just leave a message 
“Mama something has happened and I need your help don’t call me back please just come home”
I hung up and sighed suddenly I just felt drained all the worrying and stress, trying to be strong for others just caught up with me, and I broke down.
I just started crying I couldn’t help it, I walked over to Danny on the couch and straddled him with my legs on either side of him and cried on his shoulder he wrapped his arms around me and squeezed tight he knew how to make me feel better. He knew I could always find my solace in him, what was going to happen to me when he finally got married.
I sniffled and hugged him back all this time he was here, but I was too afraid to tell him, I still was. I loved him so much it was unreal. I pulled back a little wiped my tears away with the back of my hand and looked up at him
“I’m sorry “
“My voice was a little hoarse
“I’m being such a baby”
“Angel, Talk to me “
I didn’t want to talk right now and he understood he gave me one of his boyish grins
“In that case are you feeling better now“
“Why”
“Because Angel as much as I love having you cry on my shoulder, having you on my lap in that dress is just plain torture”
I gasped and jumped off his lap blushing furiously and he was just laughing oh if he only knew how he just made me feel. I wanted to go back, sit on his lap, and have him peel this red dress off me and kiss me as if his life depended on it. He turned serious and said
“Ok at least that answers my question about what you and your boyfriend were not doing “
I slapped his arm
“Oh shut up I’m going up to change “and he gets up too leave. I’m not ready for him to go I just want to spend time with my best friend, whom I just fell hopelessly in love with so I stop him 
“Dee I know its late but would you like to stay and watch a movie with me? I mean I understand if you have plans. “
He smiled that beautiful heart melting smile and said 
“Of course I’ll go get started on the popcorn.”
I squealed and ran upstairs to change.

********







CHAPTER SEVEN
DANNY’S POV
I’m happy she asked me to stay, GOD knows I really didn’t want to leave, when I saw her at the party tonight so beautiful my angel she just took the remaining piece of my heart and she didn’t even know it. I’ve been in love with her since we were in diapers, when I saw her dancing with that guy it took every ounce of my will power to not knock him out. Angel was mine and to see another man’s hands on her made me see red. When I saw them leaving I knew I had to step away and go after them before Angel made a mistake and slept with that douche bag I made to leave when Charli stopped me
“Danny where are you going the party is only starting to get hot?”
I removed her hand from my arm
“I’m leaving I’m not in the mood for this party. “
She grabbed my arm again and said harshly 
“if you walk out that door Danny it’s over I’m done with you.”
I looked at her like she was crazy 
“Charli it’s been over between us for a year you just wouldn’t leave me alone I’m done here”
It was harsh but I turned around and left she has been stalking me ever since we broke up throwing herself at me and kissing me when she could I thought dating Charli would help me keep Angel off my mind but it did squat for me. When I caught her in bed with one of my team mates I didn’t even get angry it just made it easier for me to walk away.
Angel walking in to the room snapped me out of my deep thoughts. I turned around and saw her standing in the kitchen doorway in her short hello kitty pyjamas and her tweety bird head slippers she looked so beautiful her body with curves in all the right places curves that I wanted to kiss every inch of her soft skin, amazing, tits I wanted to suck until she called out my name I wanted my hands on those big full tits of hers help her peel out of that bra she was wearing and just snuggle my face and my thick throbbing cock in there
“Danny are you listening to me “ 
I shook my head and cleared my throat 
“Sorry Angel what was that?”
 She looked at me and smiled 
“What movie do you feel like watching “ 
 Oh Angel I want my eyes on you, better yet I want you under me moaning with your legs wrapped around my waist. I want my mouth on your left breast my hand on your right and my other hand playing with your sensitive nub, while I ram my thick dick in your tight wetness. 
“How about a horror tonight huh?” 
My cock was so painfully hard I had to turn around so she wouldn’t see my bulge I heard her agree to the movie and walked back to the lounge I took a couple of deep breaths to calm my dick down it was going to be a long night.
After a couple of minutes I calmed down grabbed the popcorn, two sodas , a packet of marshmallows and sour worms all her favourites by the way and walked in to the lounge I get there and stop cold in my tracks she had made a little love nest for us on the floor . A thick layer of blankets on the floor pillows around so we can lean on something comfortable and two blankets on top so we can cover ourselves she looked up and smiled 
“I thought we could get comfortable too in case we fell asleep during the movie “. 
my cock twitched again no way will I be sleeping tonight I looked at the table and saw that she had settled on us watching underworld lol all the sequels this should be fun I put the snacks on the table and started getting undressed might as well get comfortable too right I saw her eyes when I took my shirt off her eyes were drinking me in I don’t think that she noticed that she was starring and her eyes were asking me to bend her over right here damn and she just did the worst thing she licked those full pouty lips of hers… I peeled of my pants and she cleared her throat and went to switch of the light maybe it is me maybe I’m wrong but it feels like there’s some chemistry in here.

***************

CHAPTER EIGHT
Ava’s POV
What on earth was wrong with me, here I was gawking at my best friend. I needed to move or something I couldn’t just stand there and look at him.  oh gosh but his chest that has to be the hardest ripped chest that I have ever seen,  he looks like a Greek Adonis all golden, hard and hot I just wanted to lick him all over. Biting my bottom lip I wondered how he would taste or how he would react if I licked his neck ’oh GOD what am I thinking?  I needed to move I cleared my throat and asked him if I could switch of the light he chuckled and said yes he started the movie and grabbed the snacks from the table and brought them to the blankets.  I switched of the lights and walked to the love nest I created I felt selfish for wanting to cuddle up with my best friend but I couldn’t help it I wanted to be in his arms he was the only person in the whole world who knew how to calm me and I just figured out that I loved him.
I slid under the covers and we concentrated on the movie he threw my marshmallows at me and I laughed I fed him some and he fed me some popcorn this lasted up into the second underworld movie and we were still going strong. I stifled a yawn, he turned and looked at me  
“You ready to call it a night Angel “ 
I smiled and looked at him 
“I could sleep, how bout you? “
“Yes I would love to stretch out down here with you “   
I giggled 
“Ok “
I got up to turn off the TV and slid back under the blankets, I leaned in and kissed Danny on the forehead 
 I turned around and faced the other way giving him my back he reached his hand around my waist and pulled me to him, I could feel his hard chest his muscles flexing when he breathed oh God something was happening to me deep down in the pit of my stomach. The slow warmth that’s building up there threatening to fill my whole body the moisture between my legs increased and that was killing me.  I felt his breath on my neck and my nipples went hard and heavy I wanted him to touch me there, to tease me and give me what I needed even though I don’t know what that was. I wish he would just kiss me 
“Angel…” he whispered 
I took a shaky breath and answered him 
“Yeah bud” 
He kissed my neck and said
“You were very beautiful tonight “ 
My breath caught in my throat but I managed to whisper 
“Thank you”  
“Please turn around Angel …. I need to kiss you” 
What did he just say I turned around to ask him just that but before I could say anything his lips were on mine?  He kissed me softly once twice than deepen the kiss he bit my bottom lip so I could open my mouth for him and his tongue slid in, it was the most sensuous thing I’ve ever felt in my life and the next thing I knew my hands were sliding through his hair.  He moaned, a sensual deep moan that I felt right to my toes. What was happening??? He pulled back and I immediately felt the loss of his lips on mine 
“I’m sorry Angel I know you have a boyfriend I didn’t mean too…” 
Understanding dawned on me and I put my finger on his lips to keep him quiet 
“Luke is gay” 
 He growled, pushed me back down and kissed me like his life depended on it I loved it and I love him. Soon thereafter we drifted off to sleep.

I woke up smiling thinking about the wonderful dream I had kissing Danny but then I realised I was sleeping on top of something really hard smooth but hard, OMG it wasn’t a dream  my head was on Danny’s chest my hand around his neck , my leg in-between his legs and his hand was around my waist. I didn’t want to move I could stay like this forever but I needed to go to the bathroom and check on the kids. I got up slowly careful not to wake Danny up and made my way to the bathroom to relieve my bladder, brush my teeth and wash my face. On my way to check on the kids I went into my room and grabbed my gown and proceeded down the hall. they were still asleep but they would be up soon so I thought to make them a hot breakfast before I went downstairs I checked my mom’s room and she was there I woke her up and asked her to meet me in the kitchen.
Ten minutes later she walked in the kitchen and I gave her a cup of coffee, 
“Good morning sweetie, I trust you slept well.” 
 I gave her a look and she laughed 
“I am not ready to talk about that yet mummy, I’m not even sure what that was at the moment” 
My mother carried on laughing 
“Oh don’t worry baby that boy has been in love with you since forever”
 I wanted to believe that yes but this was not Danny time we had to talk about Judy. I explained what happened to Judy and her sister last night and told her about how long it’s been going on and asked her, how we could help. She looked angry about it and she told me I did a good thing taking them in 
 “Before we can help in anyway sweetie, Judy is going to need to press charges against her father, that will remove them temporarily from his care while we can find a more safer and permanent place for them away from that monster” 
I sighed 
“I know mummy I just think they have had enough suffering “  
She came around the counter and hugged me  
“I’ll work on it sweetie I promise”  
“Mom, you are the best”. 
 Danny walked in the kitchen fully dressed and I was slightly disappointed that he hid his chest from me  
“Good morning ma” 
He greeted my mom, she smiled at him, said good morning son and went upstairs to check if the kids were awake. Danny looked at me and smiled I smiled back
“Good morning “
He walked closer to me put his hands around my waist and pulled me to him
“Can I give you a good morning kiss?”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded what was he doing to me really. He leaned in his lips brushed against mine my nipples hardened and I moaned that only made him deepen the kiss. I wanted him to take me on that damn counter. He slowly pulled away 
“What’s for breakfast?”
I looked at him and blushed than cleared my throat
 “Bacon, eggs, fish fingers and toasted bread with butter.”
He held me tighter 
“mmmm sounds delicious so much for being undomesticated “
he smacked my ass and he kissed my neck than went to pour himself some coffee damn what the hell was happening here this is Danny why was he making me so shy The doorbell rang and I went to answer it, it was Toya , Luke and Justin all here to my rescue lol my friends though. We all went to the kitchen they greeted Danny. Toya came to me 
“Girl Luke told us what went down last night, we are here to help.  You know I have a little sister so I brought along some clothes that might fit Judy and Justin brought his little brother’s clothes for Sam.  I hope she doesn’t realise its boy’s clothes “ 
 I was so proud of my friends I just smiled and said “you guys are awesome” 
Luke came over to me and kissed me on my cheek and gave me a tight hug 
 “Anything for you Ava” 
I looked at Danny and he looked hurt, then completely changed his expression like nothing was wrong so I shrugged and invited my friends in for breakfast. Danny just excused himself and left…. I thought we were going to talk about last night guess it meant nothing to him than.

















CHAPTER NINE
Danny’s POV
I had to get my ass out of there before I choked that jerk to death how dare he touch my Angel like that gay or not and how dare she let him especially after our kiss last night.  I thought it meant something to her just like it had for me I guess I was the fool.
I got home and went up to take a shower before I laid on my bed in my boxers,  thinking about the girl that plagued my dreams ,the girl I would happily die for who feels so soft and fits so perfectly against me my Angel. I rolled onto my back and groaned in frustration dozed off soon after that. I woke up three hours later to the sound of the doorbell I got up and went to answer it. The sight that greeted me was absolutely stunning, big green eyes looking up at me shyly, pink lush lips smiling up at me her red hair flying in the breeze soft smooth cream skin wrapped in a yellow sundress that only she could pull.  I felt my heart hit against my ribs and felt the air knocked out of me, she was beautiful and she was starring too 
“Why are you naked???” 
She shook her head as if too clear her mind and said 
“You missed breakfast…..thought I’d bring you lunch”
“Yeah babe, thank you please come in” 
We went straight up to my room, she made herself comfortable on my bed. She looked like she belonged there waking up next to me every day for the rest of our lives. She smiled up at me
“Are you going to sit down?”  
I took the basket she brought with her and put it on the bed looking inside and saw there was enough food for two people… 
“Will you be eating with me Angel?” 
She shook her head and frowned 
“No, I thought I’d make you and Charli a nice lunch it is Saturday so I assumed you’d be spending time with her… actually I should be on my way now .” 
she made a move to get up but I wasn’t having it she was mine and it was time to make sure she knew it, I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me she fell on my lap and I held her tight against me she looked at me and I looked right back at her our breathing changed and I knew then I affected her too 
“Angel…..I’m not with Charli anymore haven’t been for a year now “ 
She took a breath
“Oh, well when you left like that this morning I thought it was because she was here”
 I shrugged 
“You let that guy put his lips and hands on what’s mine, I couldn’t stand there and look at that Angel” 
She looked at me, baffled
“What’s yours? “ 
“The woman I love was standing in front of me with another man’s hands around her, how do you think that made me feel?”  
She looked at me wide eyed 
“But I told you Luke is … wait…the woman you love …You love me?”
“I have loved you since we were babies Angel and its only getting worse” 
She looked happy, so happy that I did the only thing I could in that moment and kissed her. She moaned in my mouth and it was the sweetest sound I had ever heard. My dick hardened. I laid her down on the bed not breaking our kiss running my fingers in her hair, moving down her neck slowly towards her waist and back up again. She moaned some and I got harder, I pulled down the strap of her dress and kissed her there she was blushing it was so hot to see I cupped one of her breasts and she gasped I flicked a finger over her nipple through the dress and she moaned some more she just looked so beautiful to me I love her so much… her hands started moving around me touching my chest ,my hair even my ass , she bit my lip and I was astounded at how hot I found that to be. 
“Danny”
She put her hands on my chest
 ‘Danny….’
I loved hearing her say my name out loud like that I had to claim her before some idiot felt entitled to what’s mine . I unbuttoned her dress and it came apart my mouth watered instantly at the sight before me I leaned in and took one nipple in my mouth while I massaged the other breast they were so soft and tasted as sweet and creamy as they looked she thrust her chest toward me to give me a better angle of her and I liked it; her hands were pulling me close and she just kept moaning. I traced my hands down her luscious body getting my fill of the woman I love rubbed my fingers gently against her clit and she gasped I could feel how wet she was over her lace panties and that was it for me I had to be inside of her now….I pulled her panties down and got rid of my boxers she looked up at my face and slowly drank in my body when she looked down at my cock her eyes widened and her lips formed a perfect round O she licked her lips and I snapped I got on top of her and started kissing her again starting from her toes up to the insides of her thighs before I teased her clit a little bit she moaned and said
 “Danny ….I I need ohhhh”
“What do you need Angel”
I said biting lightly on her sensitive bud she tasted like strawberries and honey I couldn’t get enough
“You…..ahh”
“I need you …”
I plunged my tongue deep in her pussy and fucked her like that till she really started begging
“Danny please oooh …” oh damn I wanted to hear her tell me she wanted me to fuck her so I told her 
“Tell me you want me to fuck you Angel “ 
She moaned louder and got even wetter she opened her eyes and looked straight into my eyes and said 
“Danny …. Please Fuck me … fuck hard please” 
my dick got harder than a steel rod and I raised up at her entrance and plunged my dick deep down into her tight pussy she let out a painful scream as I felt her hymen tear and her pussy walls gripped tight on my dick… oh shit I forgot my angel was still a virgin I held myself back so I could check on her showering her with apologetic kisses all over her face 
“I’m so sorry baby I should have been more gentle … are you ok??? Baby talk to me “ 
She looked at me and just pulled my face towards her and kissed me so deeply 
“I’m ok Danny  ... Don’t stop” 
 I started moving inside her with long slow purposeful strokes when she started moving with me I increased my pace and bit down on her nipples she called out my name and I plunged deeper into her tight tunnel I could feel her nails sinking in my back I knew I’d have marks but that turned me on even more her pussy had a tight hold on my dick and I felt the tightening around my balls I was close I fucked my Angel harder slid my hand between our bodies and flicked her clit 
”Come for me Angel… I want to feel you come all over my dick” 
She called out my name and her pussy tightened  around my dick,  I couldn’t hold back anymore so I let her pussy milk me dry I came so deep inside of  her spurt after spurt of thick white spunk in her pussy as I called out her name… I kissed her deeply before I collapsed on top of her. I slowly moved of her and pulled her towards me so I could hold her, there was no way I was letting go of my Angel now…I looked at her face, and she was glowing 
“Are you ok baby?”


CHAPTER TEN
Angel’s pov
Wow Wow Wow ……..
“Wow”
 That was Amazing …..He looked at me with his arms around me and said
 “I’ll take that as a yes than”
 I kissed him I’m so crazy about him .he started kissing down my neck again and playing with my already hard nipples it felt so good…but I had to go see Mrs Alfieri today and that couldn’t be delayed we would deal with whatever this was when I came back.
I smiled at him and said
 ‘I was on my way to see Mrs Alfieri and I’m going to be late if you don’t stop.’
 He grudgingly got of me and said well than I’m coming with you. ’I laughed and said ok he got dressed took his sandwich and car keys and we headed out to his car.



Danny’s pov

 She looked so beautiful sitting in the front seat of my car , I couldn’t stop looking at her lips they were pink and full but now they were just fuller because I had my mouth on them a minute ago. My girl …… I could definitely get used to that .Damn I got hard just looking at those lush lips can’t wait to see them wrapped around my cock…

ANGEL’S POV
My whole face was on fire, I wanted to touch my lips just to feel them and reassure myself that this really happened. Danny said he loved me and then he made love to me no actually he fucked me to sin … I looked at him while he was driving and asked 
’ you said you love me … did you mean that’ 
He tilted his head toward me and gave me that smile that I loved   
 ‘I’ve never been more serious in my life Angel’ 
I smiled and said ‘so if that’s the case that means that we’re together right?’
 He looked at me 
‘My heart beats only for you” 
I smiled and then I frowned a little and asked 
 ‘What about Charli?’ 
‘Charli and I have been over for a long while and yes I was with her last week but only because she needed a friend that’s all I swear  I would never lie to you Angel never to you “
I believed him I smiled and nodded so I guess we were officially together.
We arrived at Mrs Alfieri’s house and she let us in. I explained the situation about Judy and her little sister and asked if she could take them into the shelter while my mom helps them out with their case she was so devastated by what I had told her was happening to Judy and Sam that she said they could stay there for as long they could and she would make sure that they were watched over so nothing happens to them, I hugged her and told her that I would still be volunteering like I have been and this time I will be bringing my friends to help out. She smiled sadly at me and said that help is always welcome I smiled and told her that my mom will drop the kids off tonight when they come back from the Zoo and she said that was fine . I asked Danny to unload the bags from the car with their clothes and bring it inside and then we said our goodbyes.
The drive home was nice we had Sean Kingston and Chris brown with beat it playing in the background, Danny held my hand the whole time and kissing my knuckles like we did this every day. This whole us being in a relationship thing felt kind of weird. He dropped me off at home, and then went to park his car at his place.  He came back to my place and walked straight up to my room, I was tired from sleeping late last night and from what we did of course so we fell asleep on my bed.  We woke up two hours later because my phone was ringing I rolled away from Danny angry at the person who was disturbing our bonding time ‘Hello”
 It was my mom 
 ‘Hey mummy, are you back home? If you looking for me I’m in my room’ 
She laughed a little and said “sorry honey sounds like I woke you, I just wanted to let you know that I dropped the kids off and I’m going out with Steve for drinks so don’t wait up’
“Ok mummy have fun tonight love you ‘
I looked at the clock on my phone ,it was almost seven o clock I turned around and looked at Danny and he was still snoring lightly so I got up turned on my ensuite shower and went downstairs to order pizza and some desert then went back up to take a shower before the delivery arrived.  I felt so tender down there I hoped the hot water would help me I winced a little when the water touched my sensitive place.  I stumbled a little bit and felt big strong hands come around me, I leaned into him, the love of my life he kissed my neck and I couldn’t stop the moan that slipped past my lips he then said 
“I’m sorry I hurt you Angel “ 
He kissed the back of my neck and said 
“You just so damn sexy and beautiful I forgot it was your first time” 
He turned me around and tilted my head back kissed my neck deeply felt like he was giving me a hickey but he wouldn’t right no he wouldn’t and then he said
 “Thank you for letting me be your first “
He bit down on my nipple 
“And your last baby … I’m keeping you. I love you angel”. 
 I blushed a deep red and then just smiled at him like a little idiot  he pushed me against the shower wall and I felt him slide so deep inside me the air rushed out of my lungs he moved so deliciously inside of me, I felt my orgasm building up 
“Let go Angel…. Let me feel you come all over my dick again”
That did it for me and I called out his name I felt him move even faster and came inside of me with a loud groan that did wonders for me I might add. We stood still under the hot water getting our breathing under control and I said 
“I ordered pizza”
He looked at me and laughed “only you can get away with saying something like that after making love Angel,”
 I laughed with him too and we got out of the shower. 
“Shit babe I forgot we have a team brief tonight I hate to leave you but I have to go “
I was disappointed but I couldn’t exactly throw a hissy fit now could I?? So I pouted and told him that it was ok and that I’ll see him tomorrow he moved into my personal space and hugged me tight
“I love you Angel, enjoy the pizza “and he left.










CHAPTER ELEVEN
ANGEL’S POv
The pizza arrived a few minutes after Danny left, as I was busy putting it on the counter Toya sent me a text.
Toya: ARE YOU BUSY TONIGHT?
Me: Nope just me pizza and ice cream
Toya: fantastic we coming over for a FIFTY SHADES OF GREY GAME NIGHT so go put on your sexiest underwear ….
Ava: Lmfao, What?
Toya: Justin bought the fifty shades of grey party game so obviously we have to dress up. We are getting Luke now then we are on our way to you 
Ava: I have crazy friends …. Fine pick up an extra pizza I’ll get dressed and take out the alcohol...
I hurried upstairs to get dressed, plugged in my ipod. Beyonce’s partition song played, as she was the whole reason why I owned a white crystal bedazzled corset with tiny white panties to match. Put that together with my thigh high stockings I fluffed out my hair applied some mascara, eye shadow and a bit of blush finishing off with my favourite red lip stick. I put on my heels and went downstairs to get out the drinks.
Taking out the ice bucket, I filled it with ice then took it to the lounge. I came back in the kitchen and took out the Jack Daniels and Absolute vodka bottles along with the cranberry and apple juices to mix. As I started warming up the pizza, I got a text...
Toya: Open up we’re outside!!!!
I laughed and went to open up. My friends really didn’t disappoint Toya came dressed like a dominatrix, black leather bra with diamonds on the tips, black leather boy short panties, with thigh high black leather high heeled boots. She carried a coiled whip on the side of her hip my friend was a freak. She looked like an all-round bad girl and she topped of her look with red lipstick. Justin and Luke both wore tight ass holding black boy shorts and nothing on top. Toya and I were faced with nice hard-bodied men who just had to be gay; they looked good. Justin also had bunny ears on his head and a bunny tail. Toya and I got the pizza ready while Luke and Justin fixed our drinks well actually Luke did the drinks Justin was just looking cute.
As we were about to start eating Justin looked at me and cleared his throat, nothing good was about to come out of his mouth
“Ava hmph correct me if I’m wrong but, bitch is that a Hickey on your neck?”
My eyes went wide and my jaw was on the floor, oh damn him he really was giving me a hickey. I blushed up to the roots in my hair Toya was like
“Hickey? What hickey?”
Luke had that “Girl you’ve been holding out on us” look Justin stood up to make a point because obviously he couldn’t make one while sitting down.
“We are going to get our drink on and little Ms Ava here is going to tell us exactly how that hickey got there and most importantly who put it there“
I rolled my eyes Toya took a sip of her drink and gave me a very wicked smile.  I almost laughed; Justin started setting up the game
“Ok guys take your inner Goddess out here to play…We’ll be starting with the vanilla questions before we get to the kinky ones “
We started laughing and raised our glasses, my phone buzzed with a text from Danny 
Danny: I cannot stop thinking about you Angel.
Ava: I am so not talking to you right now 
Danny: why are you mad Angel?
Ava: Ask the damn HICKEY on my neck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Danny: I thought I did a good job on that babe…plus I wanted the whole world to know who you belong too!
Ava: WELL THEN… THE WORLD KNOWS.
Danny: what do you mean…who are you with right now? 
I put my phone on silent and threw it on the couch I will not be responding to that, HMPH branding me and not even apologising what the hell?
Danny: is it Luke?
Danny: Angel please talk to me …
Danny: I’m coming over.
My friends were looking at me funny after I threw the phone on the couch
“Would I be right in saying that Danny put that Hickey on your neck?”
I felt my cheeks heat up and that was all the confirmation they needed Luke said 
“So you guys are officially together “
I nodded, they squealed like bitches and I just laughed
“So how big is his Dick?”
Huh…
I looked at Toya wide eyed and Justin jumped in
“Ooooh yes now that’s a question we all want the answer to, because damn girl that Adonis boyfriend of yours is fine…I could lick him all over” Luke gave Justin a look and Toya turned the heat back on me
“Judging by the look on her face I guess we can all say that Danny is very well hung”
Oh, my God these people, was this normal? Luke not willing to be left behind added his two cents
“Ava doll keep fucking his brains out, let us live through you.”
I looked at him was he serious right now?
“Oh God please just stop talking … “
We carried on playing the game laughing along the way. My friends were tipsy already on our way to getting drunk. Justin was busy trying to demonstrate some Kama sutra moves telling us what they were for and when to use them, we were dead with laughter, because he ended up face flat on the floor when we got up to help him the doorbell rang.














CHAPTER TWELVE
DANNY’S POV
I should have never left Angel alone; that meeting was so unnecessary and now after checking up on her and finding out she was not alone I could only see red. I’ll kill whoever dared to touch her. I needed to leave that meeting soon, to make my hell worse Charli showed up at the meeting with refreshments for the team and she just happened to throw herself on my lap. I got up and she fell on her ass, I looked at her disgusted
“I don’t think my girlfriend would appreciate seeing you on top of me.” 
She looked at me dumbstruck
“What Girlfriend?”
I just walked away I was not going to chill with the team at the bar with her ass there, especially not when I could spend that time with my Angel. I got in my car and was about to drive away when Brad asked me if he could tag along, since Angel wasn’t alone anyway I told him he could. When I told him where we were going he looked too excited for my liking, well he had better not be thinking about making a move on my girl or I will definitely kick his ass.We got to my place, I parked my car then walked next door to Angel’s place; and knocked… 
I swear nothing on earth could have prepared me for what I saw when that door opened. My jaw dropped, my eyes opened wide, and my dick instantly got hard…damn she was so beautiful. I loved what she had on; I stepped in grabbed her and gave her the most intense kiss of my life. When we pulled back for air her eyes were still closed and she seemed to be recovering from my kiss. I decided that I loved that look on her, than I remembered that Brad was with me so I covered Angel with my body 
”Shit Brad you better not be looking at Angel”
Brad made a sound in his throat and Ava laughed 
“Come in Brad, you I’m not mad at”
She pushed me away and led Brad to the lounge, what the hell was going on here and why was she in her underwear. It definitely wasn’t for me she didn’t know I was coming over unless if she read all my texts and ignored them. I followed them and got there just in time, as I heard everyone welcoming Brad and telling him to get sexy if he wanted to stay. What I saw in that lounge made me want to laugh Angel and her friends were having a fifty shades of grey sleep over…that is why my baby looked so hot and tipsy hopefully she won’t be mad at me the whole night. Toya looked at me smirked and raised her glass at me
“Hello hot piece of ass …. You guys getting drunk with us?”
I looked at her and laughed 
“Sorry T, football season we can’t drink alcohol but we are ok to watch you guys “
Brad had his eyes trained on Toya and that’s when I started relaxing, Angel went back to the kitchen with Luke to mix virgin drinks for me and Brad. I walked in and wrapped my arms around her from behind, she immediately leaned into me and said 
“I hate that I can’t stay mad at you “
I laughed, kissed the top of her head and said
“I’m glad you can’t because I hate it when you don’t talk to me Angel “
I turned her around and kissed her, Luke slipped out of the kitchen so I picked Angel up and put her on the counter and stood between her legs. She wrapped her hands around my neck and moaned when I squeezed her ass 
”You make the sweetest noises Angel”
“I’m so drunk in love with you right now” 
I felt my chest tighten at that and squeezed her ass again, she giggled
“Are you going to fuck me against the wall again lover? “
My dick was hard, I bit her earlobe
“What have I turned you into Angel?”
She laughed and hugged me tight
“I’m glad you know you’re to blame for this behaviour”
She sucked on my bottom lip and said 
“Well then let’s go join the others before I end up taking you to bed…” 
I grabbed her to me and said, “Would that be such a bad thing Princess?”
“No lover but I’m still sore down there and I’m sure when you take me you’d want me moaning in pleasure not screaming in pain right….”
I let her lead me back to the lounge. The sleep over got funnier as time went on and it got worse once they all started singing along to the songs that were playing. Angel had her eyes on me all the time she stole kisses just because she could and that made me swell with pride. That she was this comfortable with being my girl, she was happy to show it to the world I loved her more … I was going to marry this girl…








Chapter THIRTEEN
Ava’s pov
Oooh God my head was not happy with me this morning, how much did I have to drink? I hated my friends for this I sat up and looked around Toya and Brad were cuddled up on the couch, Justin and Luke were passed out on the floor I was sitting on the other couch with Danny’s jacket around me but no Danny I wondered where he went. I got up went straight to my bathroom and took a shower, and brushed out my hair put on some sweats and my favourite t shirt which was Danny’s by the way I went down to the kitchen took out some aspirin and drank it down with some juice. I sat down on the chair and put my head on the counter yeah my head really hated me right now. There was a knock on the door so I got up to go answer, when I opened the door there was nobody there but there was an envelope addressed to me on the floor. I picked it up opened it and almost fell down and hurt myself. I rushed inside grabbed my keys and rushed out to my car I needed to see my mother I drove down to her office and practically ran up to her office 
“Ava”
She took in my appearance 
“Honey what’s wrong?”
I gave her the threat note she read over it and I literally saw her turn pale and scramble to the floor what the hell was going on. I kneeled next to her and asked her what was going on she looked at me with tears in her eyes
“Ava your father didn’t die defending our country I left him because he didn’t want you”
Wait what? He didn’t want me! I was frozen on the spot she continued talking 
“He told me to get an abortion or he would leave me I refused. I thought we were done with that conversation since I had made up my mind When I was 6 months pregnant he attacked me in an attempt to kill you, I couldn’t let that happen I loved you ,you were mine and I was not going to let him just take you away. When you were 12, you were at home alone because your nanny was running late; your father broke into our home and he tried to force himself onto you Steve and I walked in just in time. He had beaten you up so badly you were unconscious, Steve was so mad he beat him up and almost killed him he told him to leave town or he will really kill him we never saw him again since “
she was crying hysterically and I still couldn’t move I was so numb I didn’t know what to feel, all this time I wanted to make this man proud of me, all this time I thought he was dead and missing out on a chance of getting to know me instead, he wanted me dead. My mom wiped her eyes and continued to say
”Ava your grandfather got sick a few years ago he contacted me and told me he was leaving his entire estate to you he was a very wealthy man and his son disappointed him but he had a lot of love for you sweetie he is the one who begged me to let him buy you the car that you love so much. His lawyer called me last month to tell me that he passed away and that everything has been transferred to your name I think your father found out about this and that’s why he is back to try to kill you again.”
I had a grandfather I didn’t know who loved me and left me his wealth. A father who wants me hurt or dead, did this world turn upside down? Will this money thing make him succeed this time? I couldn’t deal with this right now I got up and ran out of the office with my mom calling after me I continued running until I got to my car the world felt like it was closing in on me I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think, I was just waiting for people with cameras to jump up and say “You’ve been Punked”, that did not happen. I put my throbbing head on my steering wheel and started to cry I cried and cried and cried I had to drive just go somewhere to clear my head and think of a plan of action my heart will just have to fall apart when this was over…..
I tried to be strong but I couldn’t keep it together I couldn’t go back home my friends were there with their hangovers and I didn’t want to bum them out I wasn’t even ready to talk about this yet… my life was in danger and I’m worried about not bumming my friends out. Danny needs to concentrate on his football games he is going pro next year and I do not want to ruin that for him. I drove around all day and ended up at the Ritz hotel which was two hours out of town so I checked in; in cash and gave them a fake name I got into the suite locked the door crawled onto the bed curled myself into a ball and cried myself to sleep.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Danny’s pov
I came back to Angel’s house with breakfast for everyone, I found Brad in the kitchen making coffee
“If Angel’s mom caught you in her kitchen dressed like that she would kill you dead “
He groaned, I laughed I asked him if my girl and her friends were still sleeping he said Toya and the guys are still sleeping; but he did not know where Ava was. She wasn’t there when he woke up. I nodded maybe she was taking a shower I grinned to myself and rushed up the stairs in the hopes of joining her. The room was quiet when I entered and her bed was made. My jacket sat on top of her bed, I smiled to myself she looked good in my clothes. I went into her en-suite and sure enough she was in there earlier, the shower was still wet I wondered where she went I didn’t see her car in the driveway. I took out my phone to call her, but it rang before I started dialling and it was Angel’s mom 
“Morning Ma”
“Danny is Ava with you? Please tell me she is with you,”
She sounded like she was crying and I started to panic 
“She is not with me I was just about to call her, is everything ok Ma?”
She cleared her throat and said yes but I could tell she was hiding something
“Where is Angel than?”
“She is on her way back there she left my office a little upset I told her, her gran mother was sick”
Ok that explains the tears Angel loved her Gran
“Ok Ma I’ll let you know when she gets here.”
“Thanks Danny bye now.”
 She hung up so I called Angel, her phone just rang must be driving that is why. I went downstairs to wait for her. Her friends were already up and looking like hell, I could have laughed. They ate their breakfast asking where Angel was and I was starting to ask myself the same question. We cleaned up the house and I found Angel’s phone on the couch she must have thrown it there last night when she was mad at me; but why would she leave it behind now?
Lauren came bursting in the door with Steve behind her and scanned the room I could tell they were looking for Angel. Lauren’s eyes were all puffy and red you could tell that she was crying what was going on here? She put on a fake smile and greeted everybody they all said their hellos. Lauren and Steve went to the kitchen Justin looked around and said,
“Ok Ava is going to kill us if we don’t say goodbye to her before we leave but she is not here so we will leave the Goodbyes with her hot piece of ass boyfriend.”
I smiled to myself yes she was my girl. Toya hugged me and walked out, the guys all waved and left. I made my way to the kitchen and overheard Lauren and Steve talking about Angel. Lauren was saying 
“We have to find my daughter Steve I hate not knowing where she is “
Steve went to hold her and said,
“I have my guys out there looking for her; we’ll find her love I promise you we will.”
Lauren started crying 
“What if that bitch has her? What if she kills her “
I walked in and said 
“Ma what the hell is going on?”
They both looked up at me and Lauren just broke down? 
“Where is Angel, who the hell wants to kill her?”
Steve looked at me concern written on his face
“We are looking for her now”
“Why are you looking for her? 
Shouldn’t she be on her way home now?”
Lauren wiped her tears with the back of her hand and sniffled
“I love you like a son Danny and if anything I know that Ava needs you now more than anyone. Knowing my little girl wherever she is she won’t call anyone or even ask for a shoulder to cry on because she doesn’t like to be a bother.”
She cleared her throat again and continued
“Ava just found out some really bad news today and she was threatened. For her personal safety, we need to find her it will be up to her to tell you what’s going on and she will. Please take care of my daughter Danny.”
I nodded I was confused yes but I would protect Angel with my life there was no doubt about that.
Steve’s phone rang just after 10pm with an update no news yet on Angel and I was already fidgeting I didn’t like this one bit …WHERE ARE YOU ANGEL?
*******







CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Ava’s pov
I woke up feeling dazed, looking around my unfamiliar surroundings then I remembered where I was and why. I hugged myself tight and started crying again, there was a knock on my door; I got scared and started to panic so much so that my heart was in my throat. Nobody knew I was here, I was shaking so bad I almost didn’t hear the guy call out room service. My heart started to slowly calm down, this can’t be my life it just can’t be. I started crying again after an hour of crying on the floor I decided to go home talk to my mother and ask her what we were going to do about this.
I got home a little after 2am the lights were still on and I wondered what was happening but I didn’t really care at the moment. I walked past the kitchen and three sets of eyes landed on me, I felt my chest closing in on me again so I just walked away. I went upstairs and got in the shower, as soon as the water hit me my tears started falling down my cheeks. I slid down the wall and hugged my knees close to my chest. The shower door opened shortly after that, I didn’t bother looking up I knew it was him; the love of my life. He sat next to me and folded me in his arms; we sat like that for a long while with the hot water pouring down on us I felt safe I felt like I was at home. After what felt like an eternity, he stood up and carried me into my room we dried off and I put on my underwear and another one of his t-shirts. We got under the covers and he held me tight to him, he kissed the top of my head and I started crying again. After a few minutes I had my tears under control I squeezed his hand that was on my stomach took a deep breath
“This morning when I was in the kitchen drinking some aspirin there was a knock on the door. When I opened it nobody was there just an envelope addressed to me, I opened it and read what was inside it was a death threat for me. I rushed into the house grabbed my keys and went straight to my mom’s office.
I showed her the note and she collapsed on the floor and started to explain. I took a deep breath and said
“My father was not the great man my mother made him up to be. The actual truth that was hidden from me was that he never wanted me.”
He held me tighter to him and I carried on
“My mom fell pregnant with me, my dad told her to get rid of me or he would leave“
I laughed at myself a little
“She obviously chooses me and apparently he wasn’t man enough to accept being rejected not even when he found someone else and got married. When mom was six months along he and his new wife attacked her in an attempt to kill me themselves. Mom says she fought them off that she wasn’t going to let them take me away from her so they failed.”
I pinched my nose and swallowed my tears if anything I needed to tell Danny, I love him and I know he loves me to the point of death so he does not deserve to be in the dark.
“When I was 12 he came to the house and apparently beat me up so bad that I was unconscious and he; he tried to force himself onto me. If mom and Steve didn’t make it on time he would’ve… oh my God he would’ve raped me; his own flesh he would’ve hurt me like that“
I started crying again, it just hurt so much to talk about; he held me tighter to him and whispered in my ear that he loved me so I kept going
“My grandfather disowned him and his wife when they started doing drugs. He passed away recently and has left me all of his money, which is a lot apparently. Mom says he loved me a lot and that he was the one who bought my car. Because he left his estate to me, my father’s wife has appeared to take what belongs to her.”
I broke down again, he held me tight when I started shaking and kept kissing my neck after an hour or so I fell asleep.

Danny’s pov
I have never seen Angel so devastated, before she walked into the house we were about to send a bigger search party out for her. I have never been so relieved to see her in my whole life. She stood in the kitchen doorway looking at us her eyes red from crying and her lips all pouty. I knew the moment she was about to break down, so I followed her upstairs. When I got there she was on the floor in the shower crying and shaking. My heart broke, I rushed in just to hold her, her sobs got louder as soon as she was in my arms and I couldn’t do anything but hold her I didn’t even know what was wrong. After a long while I stood up turned off the water and carried Angel to bed, we dried of and got dressed after that we got into bed and she started crying again. I held her tight to me and told her that I loved her she seemed to get her tears under control, but she was still tense in my arms she took a deep breath and I listened to her telling me everything that had happened. It’s a wonder she was still standing after all of that I remember that incident from when we were 12 her mom wouldn’t let me come and see her or play with her all summer. Said Angel was in a car accident, I showed up every day at their doorstep with flowers and a teddy bear that I begged my dad to buy for me. He had asked me at the time why I wanted all those things and I said to him 
“My Angel was hurt and I want to be the one to cheer her up dad” He had laughed at me and then said he was proud of me and one day she would realise just how much I loved her. Had I known than what that bastard tried to do to her I would have killed him myself.
I just lay there listening to her telling me the sick things this fool did and I was shaking so bad with anger that I couldn’t express I wanted to hit something yell shout anything I didn’t want my Angel to be in so much pain, she started crying again and I held her tightly to me and rocked her gently until she fell asleep.
When she fell asleep, I climbed out of the bed slowly being careful not to wake her, I went downstairs to look for Steve and Lauren I am sure they needed and update on our girl and I personally wanted to know what we were going to do to protect her.
When I got in the kitchen, Lauren ran into me and hugged me 
“How is she Danny?”
I wrapped my arms around her mom and said that she was shaken up but sleeping now Steve’s face closed off and I knew what he was thinking he wanted to kill that asshole and so did I…
I handed Lauren over to Steve and asked
“What is the plan, how are we protecting Angel?”
He looked at me and said 
“I have a team of guys looking for that idiot and I’ll have another team trained on watching Angel from now on, silently of course I don’t think our baby girl will like being followed”
I nodded
“I’ll make sure that she is always with someone at school “
Steve agreed and said 
“These men are extremely well trained ex-navy seals Danny our girl will be safe.”
That was a little bit comforting but not enough. It was 4 in the morning so I told them I was going back to Angel before she freaked out they nodded Steve locked the front door and they also went upstairs our women will be protected and we will kill anyone who threatens them. Angel was still fast asleep when I came back in, she snuggled closer to me when I got under the covers and I watched her sleep.















CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Ava,s pov
I woke up feeling groggy and tired, Danny was still snoring I smiled a little at that and slowly got out of bed and went down to the kitchen to make some coffee. I didn’t like the way I was feeling, but I couldn’t help it either I couldn’t shake everything off and be the happy me, the me that wants to save the world. Why… why was I letting this woman that I have never met before do this to me, why does his rejection of me paralyze me with so much pain? I slid down to the floor and started crying again…I hated that I couldn’t  control these water works either, I pulled my knees to my chest and put my head on my knees and carried on silently crying. My mom walked into the kitchen and came straight to me, she sat down beside me and hugged me to her and then she started crying with me.
After a while we calmed down, she rubbed my back and said,
“I would never let him hurt you again Ava never.”
I looked at my mom I knew she was trying to make me feel better and I was grateful 
“So this was why you had me take all those self-defence classes?”
She smiled up at me and said
“If I remember correctly we took those classes together. “
My chest tightened again and I said 
“Mommy I’m sorry you had to carry that burden alone for so long and thank you for always looking out for me.”
“I would do anything for you Ava and I wasn’t alone Steve was there”
I laughed
“Mom I’m just wondering why we haven’t married him yet”
“Well now that I know that you would be ok with it, I’ll say yes the next time he asks.”
“Wait …what? Mom he asked and you said no….why?”
“Because sweetie I had to keep my attention on you, I don’t regret anything and Steve understands. “
I looked at my mother
“Exactly how many times did he propose?”
She looked away guiltily and said
“Five”
my mouth dropped open
“You turned Steve down five times Mothe, the poor man that’s it Mom you are going to take matters into your hands and propose to Steve today.”
She looked at me as if I was crazy
“Ava I couldn’t possibly do that”
“Why mom? You love Steve right. He put himself out there for you five times; I just think that now it is your turn. Besides I don’t know why you wouldn’t, Steve is one hell of a sexy man damn I mean even Dwayne Johnson has nothing on Steve. Seriously mom you need to snatch that up”
She laughed at me and said, “ok Ava I’ll go snatch him up.”
She got up
“I love you,”
“I love you too mom. “
My phone rang just then, I did not recognize the number but I answered it anyway
“Hello”
The man cleared his throat and said
“Good morning Miss Evans, my name is Jonathan Rodwick, I am Mr Grayson’s lawyer.” 
All I could say was “oh” he continued to say 
“I was delegated with the task of settling his affairs after he passed and I was wondering if you have some time for me this morning.”
I was so stunned I mean I just found out about all of this yesterday, I could not run away from it I guess
“I’ll be in your office in an hour “
“Ok I’ll see you when you get here”. I
I hung up and went upstairs to get ready, when I walked in Danny was just waking up, I went to the bed kissed him softly on his lips and said morning, he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me down to the bed and said
“How are you feeling Angel?”
and kissed the top of my head
“Is it ok if I don’t answer that?” 
He smiled into my hair and said
“Ok… are we staying in bed the whole day today?”
“As tempting as that sounds, we can’t I have an appointment with my Grandfather’s lawyer”
I felt him stiffen besides me 
“And you have practice; so no we can’t stay in bed all day”
He groaned, “What does he want?”
“I think he wants to hand over the estate “
he rolled me over and got on top of me 
“fine, but I’m coming with you”,
he got off me and went to turn on the shower for us, I smiled to myself…. Yep that is my BATMAN right there; I got off the bed to join him in the shower. We were showered and dressed in twenty minutes so we headed out to meet the lawyer.
On the drive there, I started to get nervous and Danny could see that so he held my hand and told me 
“Baby if you’re not ready we don’t have to go.”
I took a deep breath and said 
“It’s ok, I want to do this … get it over with.” 
I turned around and looked out the window I did not want to crack again; all of this was just so overwhelming,
The drive to lawyer’s office was silent and tense; Danny really did not want me to go there. I put my hand on his lap in an attempt to ease the tension and it worked, he looked at me and gave me a very satisfied smile. We arrived at the Rodwick and partner’s office building and the door attendant directed us to go right up to the last floor. We got there and I walked up to the secretary’s desk 
“Good morning, my name is Ava Evans and I’m here to see Mr Rodwick “.
She looked up at me and smiled “yes he is expecting you dear if you’ll just follow me.” Danny and I followed her to the lawyers office and led us in. as soon as we walked in Mr Rodwick stood up from his chair and came straight out to give me a hug….I was stunned what the hell ,who is this guy??i looked at Danny and he looked like he was ready to blow a fuse so I cleared my throat and stepped out of the hug.to our surprise Mr Rodwick wiped away his tears … the man was crying, what was going on here. He cleared his throat and said
“I’m so sorry for being forward Ava…it’s just that it has been so long since we laid eyes on you”
“We” Danny and I looked at each other he then went on to say “your Grandfather and i…. please sit down we have a lot to talk about.
”We all sat down, I put my hands on my knees to stop them from shaking, Danny saw that and held my hands in his.
“Your grandfather and I are brothers that makes me your grandfather too.” I nearly fell of the chair … what was happening right now? He continued on to say 
“we wanted you in our lives Ava, but we did not want to give your father another reason to want to harm you. Where we went wrong with him is a mystery to us, he lost a priceless gift turning his back on you Ava and we were wrong for staying away as well we should have fought harder for you ,fought harder to protect you”. I looked at him and said, 
“Apologies are fine and everything but I am a bit confused as to why you are the one who is apologising. I mean you are not the one who is trying to kill me so please don’t beat yourself up”.
 He cleared his throat and said that he would like to have a relationship with me now not only for him but for my grandfather as well 
“Why did he leave everything to me?” “It was always yours Ava. You are his only grandchild, your father was to inherit and then pass it on to you, but when he tried to kill you and your mother we saw it fit to draw a line, don’t think it was because of the money that he wanted you dead no, he was troubled for a long time we just saw the signs too late. We tried to get him help but he refused all of our efforts and died because of a drug overdose.”
I sat there stunned at least him hating me for getting all the money that was supposed to be his was a reason bad as it is, but knowing that he just has pure hatred for me for no reason at all was crushing. I felt myself starting to tear up again so I blinked my tears away and asked, “So what exactly did he leave me?”…
 I was so glad to be done with that meeting; I needed my head to be in a clear space before I could make any decisions. What a total turn.








CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
DANNY’S POV
“So can we go home and cuddle now?”
I said trying to make her smile; she smiled by the way and said 
“Nice try lover, you are not missing practice.”
I gave her a look as if to say she was mad 
“Angel I’m not going to practice, I’m spending the day with you.”
She turned around in her seat smiled seductively 
”Tell you what… how about I come to practice with you, than maybe afterwards I can get to have sex with your sweaty body”. 
She winked at me and I could not breathe yeah my girl was lethal alright. I nodded and she kissed my cheek. We drove up to the stadium; I held her hand and lead her up to the stands, so she could sit there and wait for me. I kissed her silly and left her breathless, I will definitely be thinking about her the entire practice session. I am happy she did not fight me about not wanting to leave her alone. I do not want that bastard anywhere near her ever again so I was not about to make it easy for him to get to her I would kill him first.
I came out of the locker rooms after changing, when I looked at the stands to check on Angel, I was not even surprised to see that her friends had somehow showed up; that actually helped me relax a little. They were so deep in conversation; that she did not even see me come out, Justin looked up and when he saw me, he nudged her; she looked up smiled and blew me a kiss. I have to say that was extremely satisfying.




AVA’S POV
I knew Danny would not want to leave me alone, so I texted my friends to meet me at the football stadium, around about when his practice would start. They all confirmed they would be there. Admitting that I did not want to be alone would just make everybody worry and I did not want that at all
”So Ava; best friend of mine I need your help…” 
I looked at Toya 
“Ok T anything for you what’s up?”
She cleared her throat and said “ok I need all of your help friends of mine, it’s for my end of year project, I need you guys to be my models for the fashion show competition my class is hosting. The designer that wins will be offered contract to design clothes with five of the world’s top designers and win a healthy some of money to start up a business… please guys I really need your help.”
We all looked at her as if she was crazy to ask of course we would help and I think I needed something like this to take my mind of things for the moment. We all agreed and I said 
“Do you need any more models?”
“Of course I do who did you have in mind?”
I smiled “I’m sure we will find people.”
“Well I just want to know when this show is going to be because I need to start doing my squats and lunges…” 
Justin said squeezing his ass. We all burst out laughing so loud Danny and his team turned to looked at us, we covered our mouths quickly and sat down quietly for the rest of the practice.
After practice Danny ran straight up the stands to us he kissed my lips with my friends whoop whooping the whole time, he grabbed me to him, smiled at my friends and greeted them 
“What are you guys up to?”
laughing Justin said “oh nothing… but what did you have in mind”. I whacked him on his arm 
 “HEY …MINE remember.” Danny tightened his arms around me and laughed Justin just made a “hmph” sound.
We said our goodbyes and walked to Danny’s car 
“Hey do you happen to know what James schedule is for the next 10 weeks? “
He looked at me and said, “Am I being replaced?” 
 Laughed, 
“No silly I’m all yours. I want to help Toya with her fashion show so I was wondering if Quad could you know make an appearance and take over the music bit.”
He kissed my throat 
“I’ll call him and find out… in the mean time I remember a certain promise being made, about my sweaty body and you being all over it”
he bit my neck a bit and I moaned, oh yeah he was deadly, my lady bit was drooling already. Uh huh no time to get home first. He picked me up and ran towards the swimming pool locker rooms. He had me against the wall in 10 seconds flat. I giggled. He pulled his face away from my neck and looked at me.
“I see you have me pinned to the wall again Mr Dolton”
He groaned and kissed me as if his life depended on it. Clothes were on the floor and he was inside me with one swift move, it was so delicious, so thick and I swear I could feel the head of his dick hit the mouth of my womb. I wrapped my hands tighter around him and moaned,
“GOD you feel so good Angel”
Both of his hands were on my ass and I could feel my orgasm spilling over, I called out his name out and he started pumping faster and faster reaching his own orgasm with my name on his lips.
It took us a while to get our breathing under control and to get dressed. When we finally made it outside, Charli was waiting for Danny at his car. I looked at him and raised an eyebrow he shrugged his shoulders and put his hand around my waist. She stood up straight when she saw us coming; and scowled when she saw where his hand was. 
“I need to talk to you Danny “
He looked at her, clearly annoyed
“It will have to wait Charli my girlfriend and I have plans.”
Her eyes pleaded with him, she pouted her lips. Ok did he not see how this bitch was playing him? He turned to me
“Can you excuse us for a few minutes?”
Huh?
“Xcuse me, what?”
I wasn’t sure I heard him properly. He wanted me to leave him alone with his ex and he had the liver to voice that request. Men are stupid
“Are you serious? “ I asked again
“Yes Ava”.
Ava… Since when was I Ava to him? He has never Said Ava to me in the 20 years we have known each other and suddenly today, in front of his ex I am Ava. Wow
I looked at him wide eyed and saw the moment he registered his mistake, he cursed under his breath, and yeah I was not going to wait around for that apology. I started walking towards the car he grabbed a hold of my hand, I looked at Charli and she was smirking at me. I told Danny to let go of me he did I got to the car and called Justin. He arrived at the parking lot in two minutes; I was out of Danny’s car and into Justin’s in a second. When Danny saw me, jumping into Justin’s car, he jogged over to us and I told Justin to drive. We tore out of there as if our asses were on fire. Danny looked at us leave as if like he could not believe that I just left him, did he honestly think I was going to sit and wait for him to finish with his ex after our fuck session in the locker room. Yeah no; he already made me feel like a tramp in front of that skank once today I wasn’t going to sit around and wait for him to finally remember that he said he loved me so he shouldn’t be wanting to spend time with his ex for any reason. I turned my phone off in the process, Justin saw me do that and he was like
”serves him right, how dare he give that skank room to disrespect you.”
Right!!
I closed my eyes willing myself not to cry yeah Danny made his choice all right and it was not me.
”Wanna listen to some old school J-LO”
I smiled at Justin “old school J-LO is the best “
He turned on her baby I love you song and we were singing aloud I needed this. He dropped me off at home. Mom should be proposing to Steve today so I quickly packed an overnight bag and headed to Toya’s place. We were going to have a girl’s night.
When I got there she was already waiting for me outside, I ran into her hug and cried myself silly. When I was done, crying like a baby on the porch we went inside and she poured us wine and I told her everything, about my dad, my grandfather and Danny making me feel like a side dish today. When I was done, she was the one exploding and swearing all over the place, she cried some and hugged me more… I fell asleep sometime around seven and she let me sleep.









CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Danny’s pov
I watched Angel leave and I was already kicking my ass, things are just complicated with Charli. I do not want her back don’t be thinking that, she still needed my emotional support. How was I going to fix this mess? I’ll call her when I’m done here. I turned and walked back to Charli she was pouting what did I get myself into. 
“Did you forget Danny, we’re supposed to go and see our little angel today “
I flinched.
“Or is he not as precious as that bitch of yours?”
I could not get to hell quick enough. We got in my car and drove to the cemetery, we were there for three hours, it was after five when I finally drove Charli home. I needed to get to Angel I have been away from her for long enough. I got to her house and let myself in Steve and Lauren looked surprised to see me Lauren spoke first
“Hey sweetie, Ava didn’t tell you she had a sleep over?”
I smiled
“Oh she did I’m just here to get a few of my things that I left here last night.” 
They nodded and went on with their conversation. I went upstairs grabbed my jacket and left, I had a good idea where Angel went. I knocked on Toya’s door impatiently, she opened it abruptly looking pissed off
“What are you doing here?’
I looked at her like she just asked me a stupid question
“I’m here cause my woman is here Toya let’s not play games”
She made a sound in her throat
“And you’ve been with Charli all this time doing what?’
I fumed “that’s none of your business”
She nodded looking disappointed and it irked me 
“Where is Angel?”
She looked at me, a flash of anger blazed in her eyes
“I thought she was Ava now… you can’t see her she is exhausted and I will not let you wake her up, she has been through enough today. Now go away and give her space to breathe.”
She went to close the door but I wasn’t having it I pushed it open wide, went upstairs and it wasn’t hard to find Toya’s door it was painted like a rainbow. I opened the door and stopped short, there she was, my Angel she was huddled in the covers her brow furrowed even in sleep but she still looked so beautiful to me, my heart stood still, her eyes were red she was crying and I added to those tears. I do not want to be away from her; but just for tonight, I will let her have some space from me. Tomorrow I am fighting as hell to keep her. I closed the door and walked out of the house.

















CHAPTER NINETEEN
AVA’S POV
A week had passed since that horrible ordeal with Danny and Charli I was safely keeping my distance from both of them. Last week I sent James an email asking him about his schedule and he was more than willing to help Toya with her competition. We were in the dance hall, Toya taking our measurements and Justin choreographing our moves, Luke and I were just blissfully watching the going ons while we sat on the floor, Charli shows up looking satisfied with her I groaned and said to Luke 
“Please save me I’m really not in the mood for a scene.”
My head was pounding these headaches were really starting to get to me. Luke put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me to him 
“I got you Aves”
She walked up to us. Justin and Toya left what they were doing and came to stand behind me when they saw Charli. She looked at Toya
“I don’t understand how you could possibly think you could win anything with this bitch on your team; I hope you have enough material Toya
Toya smirked at her and said 
“Jealous that none of us wanted you modelling our designs Charli… you should be; nothing could ever make you look good.”
Stunned by that response, Charli said
“Anyway I came to tell this thing”
She pointed her finger at me
“To stay the hell away from my man, last week you interrupted our grieving time because you needed to be fucked”
My head snapped up at her 
“Grieving time “
I said
“What grieving time?”
She looked at me incredulous
“He didn’t even tell you… his so called best friend “
She held her stomach and laughed
“Oh gosh this is classic, Danny and I had a son”
I gasped with my hands on my mouth my friends were also shocked
“He would have been one that day , so we went to visit his grave, we do that once a month. Shows you where you stand with him right”
She laughed
“Yeah nowhere close to his heart, that’s just for me the mother of his child.”
I felt sick, I stood up and practically ran to the bathroom, Toya was close behind me she held my hair while I lost my shit in the toilet. I wasn’t even sure what hurt more that he had a baby and he kept it from me, or that he has been grieving the loss of his child and didn’t bother to let me in.
Toya and I walked back to the Dance hall, found Charli gone. Luke and Justin sandwiched me in a hug, I had the worst migraine, I think I could really use a nap. It’s funny how I felt, I was feeling sympathy for Charli too.







The weeks went by fast, twelve weeks had gone by and we were all so busy with Toya’s project. We practically lived and breathed it. I was so grateful it was Friday…I was so tired and I just wanted to sleep in a warm dark room. Luke burst my bubble and said, 
“Karaoke night tonight team and I’m not taking No for an answer Ava needs some cheering up.”
They all agreed, so it turns out I was going out tonight but I had a condition.
“Only if the karaoke can start after Danny’s game tonight “
Justin was like 
“You are too much of a good friend, my friend but we will all support that jack ass if that’s what you want alright.”
I smiled at them gratefully.
The stadium was full. Of course, it was, the Thunder Birds were the best, it was no wonder they were all going pro in the fall, I was excited for him, this has always been what he wanted. Toya got us tickets from mike and we were in the front, which I found to be a tad bit suspicious, but I was not going to bite a gift horse in the mouth. Our boys ran onto the field and the crowd went wild, showing their love and support, my heart stopped beating when I saw him I could not breathe. The captain of the team he waved to the crowd and then his eyes landed on mine. He was telling me with his eyes how happy he was that I was there, he blew me a kiss and I looked away. Twelve very long weeks without him and he just blows me a kiss, Luke put his arm around me. The game started after a few minutes later and it was intense, we were all on the edge of our seats… and our boys brought it home for us. The crowd was going wild. We left before the players got off the field I did not want Danny attempting to talk to me. I am disappointed but I still loved him, I just didn’t want to talk to him yet.


CHAPTER TWENTY
Danny’s pov
THIRTEEN weeks and I felt like I was losing my shit. I was going through an Angel withdrawal, she was my drug and I needed her. Why the hell was she avoiding me, she couldn’t possibly still be mad about the Charli thing, wait did she think I would have chosen Charli over her argh that’s exactly what I did, no wonder she was pissed. Mike walked and pulled me from my thoughts
“Yo captain, snap out of it your girl is coming to the game tonight”
I jumped off my seat
“Angel will be there”
I asked him excitedly 
“How, when”
He cleared his throat and said 
“Toya asked me for tickets” 
that was disappointing but I’ll take it she was going to be there and that is what matters I was amped up and ready for the game now I still had my Angel’s support, she is still mine.
I could not wait to get on the field, just so I could look up and see her, and that was exactly what I did…
She was so beautiful, clapping and jumping up and down on her seat, my chest tightened; the girl I loved the most. I cannot lose Angel she makes everything in my life beautiful and I want to be the one that makes everything beautiful for her. I looked at her and let my eyes do the talking; my eyes told her how much I love her and how happy I was that she came, I blew her kiss and She looked away from me; but I was not going to let her go so easily. 
The game was a hit and the fans were going wild, we won it for them. Mike told me about joining Toya at the karaoke bar so I went with him.
When we walked in to the bar, I spotted Luke first and I flexed my fists involuntarily if he thought I was letting go of Angel he had better think again. Justin was on the stage doing his rendition of Britney spear’s toxic song. Angel and Toya were cheering him on and laughing. I needed to talk to my girl.
I walked up to their table with Mike; Toya gave him an irritated look
“I did not tell you to meet us here, just so you could bring him along”.
Mike looked sheepish so I just walked up to Angel and whispered in her ear
“Can we talk please Angel…”
I looked in to her eyes and she looked hesitant 
That hurt, it hurt a lot
“Please, babe”
She nodded and we walked out to the parking lot.
“Angel, I’m sorry I was not choosing her over you. There’s nobody but you for me it’s just that she needed my support I couldn’t…”
“You couldn’t turn your back on the mother of your child for a skank you’re sleeping with for the moment right.”
What … I really messed up if she thought she meant nothing to me …wait she knows about Dylan! That shut me up. I could see the hurt and anger on her face
“When you asked me to give you a few minutes alone with her”
She sniffled and whispered
”right after what we just did …that made me feel like a tramp, like I was the side chick worse I felt used by you of all the people in the world…I was furious”
She yelled
“But then I found out why you chose her a few minutes after you were inside of me, lying about how much you loved me, and I wasn’t angry anymore Danny I just felt stupid and disappointed in you…”
She sighed
”Were you ever going to tell me about him?”
I hated the accusation in her voice I’m the one who lost a baby not her
“It did not concern you, and I would appreciate it if you minded your own GOD damned business.”
She nodded and with tears in her eyes
“I would have loved to hear about him from you. I would have loved to hold you while you mourned him and I would have been right there crying with you. You called me your best friend; turns out there was nothing best about It.”
She wiped her tears away and said
“I just became your girlfriend, but I have always, always been your friend.”
She looked at me, cleared her throat
“Consider both relationships over. “
She turned and ran away from me.
Luke came out and punched me in the face, I would have hit him back, and his words stopped me cold
“Emailed you a video watch it.”
I was stunned he even hit like a girl. I took my phone out of my pocket and watched the video, what the hell? Charli did all of this… she took my angel from me; well at least I know she was part of the reason Angel left me, she mainly left me because I hurt her in the worst possible way, but Charli had a hand in it. I cannot, lose her too, I messed up…
I went back inside; ready to grovel I was wrong, so wrong. She was nowhere in sight. Justin saw me frantically looking around for her. He sighed and came over to me 
“Luke took her home “
I was about to say something and he shushed me
“And before you have a bitch fit remember this, Ava is only comfortable with Luke because he is gay, he won’t start shit. So you better start acting like you have some sense around my man he is keeping her safe for you. Mxim oh and another thing you are a real jerk for giving Charli ammunition to attack Ava like that. You can’t have them both and if you haven’t made a choice already leave Aves alone.”
He walked away with that. I shook my head and left the club.











CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Ava’s Pov
When we were five, Steve built Danny and me a tree house, we used to love coming here so much I can’t remember how many times our parents had to carry us down to our rooms. As time went by and we grew up Steve turned our tee house into an apartment, it had a mini kitchen, a bathroom, a double bed, a couch and a full entertainment centre and it’s so secure , he even put in a maxi door for security. I remember laughing when he installed it and now with the entire goings on with my Dad I am glad Steve thought about security.
I poured myself some water and took it out to the branches where I could see the street lights I sat down on a branch and willed my headache to go away, I had so much to deal with I did not need a headache slowing me down. I guess I was so deep in thought that I did not hear Danny come in, he sat next to me with his water and he sighed. We were quiet and it was awkward I hated it. So I broke the silence 
“After I found out the real deal about my father and his wife, I had a moment of weakness. I had decided that I did not want to burden you with all that crap, I did not want you worrying about me when you should be focused on playing ball especially since you got signed to play PRO next year.”
 He made a protesting sound in his throat, but he knew I was not finished so he stayed quite. 
“I came home and saw you standing in the kitchen, so haggard and worried about me and I couldn’t do it, I couldn’t leave you in the dark, I couldn’t shut you out actually no I refused to shut you out.”
I sighed and just looked at the lights. He cleared his throat and said 
“I found out Charli was pregnant a month after we broke up, we did not get back together or anything like that but I told her I would be there for my kid. To be totally honest Angel I wasn’t even sure that he was mine, I left her because she cheated and I wasn’t even mad babe, I was only with her anyways because I thought I would never have you.”
He ran his hand through his hair and my fingers itched to be there. 
“After the first appointment, I fell in love, something about hearing his heart beat did me in, it wasn’t the ideal situation but he was mine.
Charli started acting doggie and shit not letting me go with her to the appointments anymore and when she gave birth I wasn’t even there I just got a text from her telling me that Dylan was a still born.”
He continues
“I rushed to the hospital and they wouldn’t let me see him and Charli had him cremated she didn’t even wait for me to make that decision”
I tensed up with rage 
“And that’s the person you want to give your support to, a woman who did not even let you meet the son she knew you loved so much?”
Something was really bugging me about all this. He shrugged and I could see the pain on his face.
“You would have made a great dad Danny, you were going to be so wonderful to Dylan and he was just going to be the cutest thing in the world.”
He looked at me and he looked resigned 
“I can’t lose you too Angel.”
My heart broke a little what could I say I was hurt, he did not trust me with something so life changing, I just couldn’t deal with that right now.
The next morning I went down to make myself coffee and I found Steve in the kitchen he comes around to hug me 
“How are you doing kiddo”
I hug him back and say 
“I’m taking it one day at a time. “
I gave him a devilish smile
“Are you engaged yet?”
OMG he actually blushes what the fudge he kisses my forehead and says “yes” I hug him back tighter just to congratulate him. Then I think about Danny, oh yes Charli’s story was full of holes and I need Steve’s help to bring Danny peace.
“I need your help with something.” 
He looked at me and took a seat and listens as I tell him everything Danny told me
“I might be wrong but, something doesn’t feel right Dad.”
He almost tears up 
“if you start crying Steve Oh My God I swear I will never call you Dad again”
he blinks his tears away and smiles at me, it was long overdue, he deserved to hear me call him that and from now onwards that is all I will call him. He promises to check into the Danny thing, I hug him Thank you and take my coffee up with me need to get ready for school.
I am surprisingly having a good at school today, but really, I can’t wait for graduation, to hold my degree in my hand and be proud of my achievement. Two more months. i haven’t seen Danny yet today and I miss him like crazy. Relationships are hard work I think we have both learned that now, I sent him. A text
Ava: Are you practising today?
Danny: Nope.
Ava: wanna do lunch?
Danny: kissing involved in this lunch.
Ava: How about you join me and find out…
Danny: I am so there.
I smiled to myself and walked the rest of the way to class with a goofy smile on my face.
Steve calls me while I am in class and asks me to meet him. That was quick; I really hope it is nothing bad I do not want Danny hurt more than he already was. I get outside and when Steve sees me, he gets out of his car. He was not smiling and that made me worry 
“Is everything alright” 
He sighs and tells me to get in the car, he needs me to go with him.my stomach was tied up in knots, please GOD no more bad news please. We stopped at this beautiful house about two hours away from school I looked at Steve confused and he said 
“Dylan didn’t die”
I gaped at him 
“WHAT…?” 
He looked at the house, than back at me and said,
“The day Charli gave birth; there was another lady at the maternity ward who had given birth to a still born.”
 I was reeling 
“did this lady steal Danny’s son?”
Steve looked at me and said, “No sweetheart, firstly Danny was not the father and secondly Charli sold the baby.”
Oh, my GOD poor Danny, all this time, that evil witch made him suffer so she could what…have an ugly hold on him. She will pay for this crap 
“Do you want to see him?”
I shook my head no, if I do see him it will be with Danny. I was so furious I could kill a bitch. Steve dropped me off at school; I kissed him on the cheek and said
“Thank you Daddy, this will mean so much to him.”
He smiled sadly and said 
“Anything for you Ava, and tell Danny whatever he needs we’ve got his back.”
I smiled at him and got out of the car. I was so pissed off , I did not realise it was Lunch time when we got back, I saw Charli in the hallway and I snapped, I attacked that bitch with a vengeance, within a flash I was on top of her punching the crap out of her face screaming
“How dare you?
I screamed louder
“How dare you do that to him, you crazy bitch?”
She tried kicking me off her, but my self-defence classes were not for nothing. I was punching so hard, I heard her nose break and that was not enough, I wanted to kill her. Within moments, strong hands were around me and I was lifted of that bitch, I struggled telling him to let me go so I could kill a bitch. Toya was in my line of vision, I called out to her
“Toya kick her ass.”
She did not even hesitate she took over. I struggled even more in my captor’s arms screaming at him to let me go, He turned me around and silenced my shouting the only way he knew how… 











CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
DANNY’S POV
I was so excited to see Angel. I was hoping this lunch was going to be the first step for us to build our relationship, I was ready to fight for us, now that I knew what it was like to have her, to be with her, to love her, I will not lose her. When I got into the hallway to wait for her, the commotion in the hallway had me stopping cold, what was going on? As I got closer, I heard Angel screaming and shouting. what… when I got close enough to see what was going on, I saw Angel on top of Charli beating the crap out of her. I could feel the rage radiating off her. I moved in put my hands around her and lifted her off Charli. She kept struggling wanting me to let her go. She called out for Toya to finish the job, I thought Toya would try to talk some sense into Angel but no that chick was just as crazy as my girl, she was on Charli in a flash screaming
“How dare you upset my friend, I’ll kill you for her Charli “
Punch, punch I called Brad to go grab Toya and he was there and had her in his arms in a flash Toya continued screaming
“You better leave town bitch as soon as Ava and I get these apes off us we are coming back for you “
Brad took Toya away. Angel was still kicking around trying to get free from me but I was not having it, I turned her around and silenced her cries with my mouth, I kissed her giving her all of me showing her that she was the one for me, the only one I have ever loved. She melted in my arms and I knew she was calming down. Charli was still on the floor crying,
“Danny you going to let her do this to me “
I felt Angel tense up against me; it was time to choose Angel… I picked Angel up, and started walking away Charli out
“What about him, what would he have thought about you turning your back on me?”
She stabbed at my heart with her words and it hurt me that moment of weakness gave Angel the freedom she wanted out of my arms and she was on Charli again, except she did not hit her. She stood over Charli and said.
“Whatever game you were playing, whatever you were trying to achieve with your manipulation, drop it or I swear Charli not Even GOD will save you from my wrath“
Charli looked up at me with pleading eyes and Angel continued to say 
“Danny has always been mine, and I would kill for those I love remember that.”
She turned and started walking away, when I put my hands around her she relaxed,
“I will always choose you angel.”
She leaned into me letting her exhaustion sink into her, I picked her up and took her to my car, she fell asleep instantly. I took her keys and gave them to one of her bodyguards that she did not know existed. She woke up when I walked into the house, I headed straight for her bathroom so I could clean her up, I did not like seeing blood on her hands, as soon as we cleaned her up we went to her bed and sat on it and I waited for her to explain. She got off the bed so quickly and ran back to the bathroom, when I got in there she was on the floor throwing up. I knelt beside her, held her hair, and rubbed her back. When she was done, I gave her, her toothbrush with Colgate on it and waited for her to finish brushing her teeth. When she was done, she got into bed and looked at me apologetically; I had a feeling I was not going to like what came out of her mouth…












CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
ANGEL’S POV
“I’m sorry”
He shook his head at me and said
“I don’t understand” 
I looked at my hands, than looked back up at him again and said 
“I did something behind your back, it’s about Dylan”,
 It was so hard to just come out and say.
“Angel, what’s going on?”
I sighed and said
“I hope that you won’t hate me for what I did, it’s just that there were a lot of missing pieces in your story about Dylan, it did not feel right lover, so I snooped” 
He still looked confused so I continued to say 
“Firstly, I will not apologise for fucking that tramp up, as far as I’m concerned she did not get nearly as much as she deserved for what she did to you and Dylan”
He held my hand said,
“Angel Dylan was still born that was not Charli’s fault.
”I shushed him and said, 
“Please let me tell you everything ok don’t disrupt me until I’m done and if you walk out I’ll understand. Because you did say it was none of my business anyway” he flinched but he nodded in agreement anyway, so without further ado I began. 
“I asked Steve to look into the night that Dylan was born, find out what really happened, because basically, she just called you, told you he was dead and she burned him, why? She could have at least waited for you to see him first right? Anyway we just wanted to find out if it was all natural causes… it wasn’t” 
He stiffened but did not say anything. 
“Dylan is ok Danny”, his eyes widened 
“I want to see him Angel, where is he, I want to see my son”
My heart broke for him; he looked at me and said what’s wrong? I cleared my throat and said
“You are not his dad; Charli knew that, that’s why she sold him.” He looked so angry as if he could kill something, he was practically vibrating. I jumped of the bed and rushed to hug him 
“I’m so sorry lover”
I squeezed him tight,” You threw yourself in harm’s way for me Angel,”
I sniffled and said
“She had no right… she hurt you and your memory of Dylan, I was just so mad, I could only see red.”
He kissed the top of my head 
“No Angel you had no right, this was my fight, she didn’t kill the memory of Dylan… you did”
He got up and left. My head was still pounding and I was still nauseous, I lay back in bed and tried not to think about how much it hurt to watch him walk out. I just cannot believe we were back to this again, back to him closing up, back to him shutting me out of his life. I rolled over trying my hardest not to cry. I miss him. I miss sleeping in his arms. I miss laughing and goofing around with him. I just miss him.
I was just about to fall asleep when I got a text from James.
James: Ava you home
Ava: yep 
James: good I am coming over.
Ava: Wait are you home. Yay I am coming down to open the door for you.
I opened the door and there was James in the flash, I jumped into his arms and he hugged me back tight, it was so good to see him again after so long. He pulled me back and said 
“God look how beautiful you are”
I blushed than he said
“Are you and my brother still pretending to be just friends”
My smiled faded and I shook my head, he put his arm around me and said 
“Let’s take a walk, get some ice cream and talk about it.”
I smiled and nodded. Grabbing my house keys and we went out. Turns out, I needed the walk and I needed to vent, I told James everything that has been happening with my biological father and about how I got into a fight with Charli for 
Manipulating Danny, and how that went straight to hell, because he did not appreciate me butting into his business. James was laughing so hard when we were talking about the fight; he actually choked on his ice cream a few times. When we got home, I looked next door hoping to catch a glimpse of Danny, he was confusing the hell out of me but I still wanted to see him. When I di though my heart stoppe; because there was the love of my life in a tight embrace with a bruised Charli. Who was crying earnestly on his chest and he was soothing her. what in the actual fuck was happening?
My stomach twistedand I rushed to loose my ice cream in the flowers. James rushed to my side held my hair up and rubbed my back to calm down my upset stomach.
“Ava, you alright”
I stood up straight and tried to speak but I doubled over in pain 
“Shit… hang on Ava”
He picked me up and placed me in his car, I was in so much pain my brow was sweating , my teeth were chattering, I was dizzy and the nausea wouldn’t go away.
“Hang on Ava I’m going to get you to a doctor.”
Danny ran over to the car after he saw James carry me into it. I grabbed James arm and whispered
“Please… I don’t want him anywhere near me.”
James nodded closed my door and stopped Danny from approaching. Danny was fighting him off. I doubled over in pain again and I must have screamed because both Danny and James came running to my side of the door. I was so scared, what was happening to me. James opened the door
“Ava-“
I cut him off and said 
“Please take me to the hospital”
Danny pushed James out of the way
“Angel, baby what’s wrong?”
He was holding my face up pulling me into his arms and I could smell that girl on him. I pushed him away from me
“You smell like her, stay away from me Danny”
He held my hand
“Angel no plea-“
James pulled him away 
“Danny she is in pain, let me take her to the hospital for you bro, I’ll keep you posted “
and closed the door. He jumped in quickly and we drove to the hospital.
James ran into the hospital and came back with a nurse and two people pushing a bed. The nurse asked how I was feeling and if I was ok enough to move, I nodded and she helped me on to the stretcher. They wheeled me into an exam room and the nurse asked me some questions, like where the pain was, when it started and if I had it before. She took my blood for testing.
The doctor came in after two hours, with my test results. James was next to me in a second. 
“Doctor please give her something for pain.”
The doctor looked at James and asked, 
“Are you family?”
I could see the doctor wanted to kick James out, but I did not want to be alone in case I was getting any more bad news. So I spoke up 
“Yes doctor he is my brother.”
 He nodded and opened his chart 
“Ms Evans, do you know that you’re pregnant?’
HUH… 
My face must have showed my shock, 
“How, doctor I’m on the injection, have been for years.”
 “Have you been under some stress lately?”
I thought about the business with my dad, everything going on with Danny and all the times he came inside of me, cause I thought we were safe, then I thought, of all the pain I was in earlier and I paled, because I remember bleeding I looked up at the doctor and asked
 “Is my baby alright?”
 I started panicking 
“Oh GOD please no… Doc did I lose my baby?”
 I was getting hysterical. The doctor took my hand in his and tried to soothe me, and James had his arms around me. 
“Ms Evans, your blood pressure is very high, and that is a risk for any foetus, we haven’t seen any signs of foetal distress as yet but the blood remains a concern. I am going to give you an ultra sound, so we can see what’s going on in there.”
 I nodded praying to GOD to keep my baby safe. The nurse came in wheeling a small-screened machine and a paper gown for me to wear. I was still in some pain so it took me a while to change. When I came back, the nurse helped me lay back down and helped me to put my feet up so the doctor could insert the camera that will help us see. As soon as the camera was inside, the doctor moved it around a bit and then we heard it…the heartbeats. It was so beautiful and so strong. The doctor continued to examine and moved the camera around and then he looked up at me, I got worried, he smiled and said,
“Everything looks perfectly fine Ms Evans, we just need to monitor your blood pressure and check your urine for protein in the next 24 hours and then take it from there, before your body starts to reject the pregnancy. Judging by that examination I would say that you are thirteen weeks pregnant.”
He wrote a few things down in his pad; along with a prescription form for me,
“I am going to give you some aspirin for the pain, and something to help you sleep tonight. I would like to keep you overnight, for observation.”
I agreed of course anything to keep my babies safe. I was so exhausted leaned in to James while I waited for my meds. 
“Thank you Ava.”
I turned my face and looked at him 
He sighed and said, 
“For saving my brother, your being pregnant is going to help him move on.”
 I shook my head and said, 
“Your brother does not want to be saved, he loves the misery of his situation and now, in light of what I just found out I am choosing to walk away from the drama. I am walking away from him”
He looked at me “Ava are you saying you are not going to tell Danny you’re pregnant?”
I groaned, “It’s not all good news Jay, there is a high possibility that I might lose pickles because of my blood pressure, can I please get through that scare first? I will not hide this from him, can I just be ready to talk about it first.”
He rubbed my back and apologised 
“I am sorry Ava.”
My mom and Steve walked into the room and my mom ran up to my bed and hugged me. Steve followed suite and James sneaked out of the room. As soon as my mum’s arms were around me, a dam broke and I just cried everything out. Steve came closer, put his arms around us, and just kept us safe.
“Mummy, daddy I really need your help.”
Steve held my hand and wiped my tears away 
“Are you in trouble Ava?”
I shook my head and said, 
“No, daddy, I’m … I-----I’m pregnant. Doctor says that I have been too stressed out, that my blood pressure is too high and that may make me lo- lose the baby.”
My mom put her hand to her mouth crying and Steve held me in his arms. 
“Well then, in that case the first thing we need to do is stop this crying, this can’t be any good for our grandbaby’
She smiled and looked at Steve he was smiling right back so I cleared my throat and said “Daddy I am going to need protection now, it’s not just me anymore and I want pickle safe at all times.”
 Steve looked at me with his I mean business face
“I will never let anything happen to you Ava, never again, and I promise you no harm will come to pickle.”
I let out a deep breath. Ok than that is one thing down. I laid back into my pillow then my mom said, 
“So does Danny know?”
I felt my heart break all over again seeing him in that tight embrace with Charli, my head started to pound again and I flinched. Steve called the nurse in and she went to get the doctor. He examined me again and decided that I will be sedated for the night, just to help my body heal and he set up a pre natal appointment for me the next day, now there was no time for me to even absorb this whole situation. I had to tell Danny now. Mom was staying with me for the night and Steve had his men guarding the doors while he went to get mom some coffee. Now to figure out how to tell Danny about pckl. Will he be happy? Will he want to be in their lives? On the other hand, did he just want to have a baby with Charli…? I yawned and drifted of too the sweet nothingness that was calling out to me… Darkness
The next morning I woke up to Rihanna’s love on the brain song. I looked for the source of where the music was coming from and smiled when I found it. Somehow, Steve and my mom made sure the i-pod found its way to me. I sat up carefully, and was so relieved that I was not in any pain, but my head was still aching like a bitch. My mom was asleep on the chair next to the window and I just assumed that Steve went to fetch her some fresh clothes or something, because I knew they were not going to leave me here alone. Mom stirred and looked at the bed, saw that I was awake and came over to me. She asked me how I was feeling , but before I could answer the doctor came in to check on me and remind me of my appointment that afternoon, he said he would update the gynea of my condition so she knew what she was dealing with and the best treatment for me so that I could have a safe pregnancy , that resulted in me and pckl being alive and healthy.
“So are you ready to go home sweetie?”
I groaned
“Yes. Hey mom thanks for staying.”
She smiled “anytime baby. “So we got ready to head on home, I signed my discharge forms and we left. When we got home, I went straight to the shower and stayed there for an hour. When I was done I put on my yoga pants and one of Steve’s sweaters, put my slippers on and texted Danny to come over. I went downstairs and made some tea, while I waited for him to show up. He knocked, than let himself in. he found me sitting on one of the chairs; I could not bring myself to look at him so I sipped my tea. He ran over to me and held me in his arms, I resisted the urge to hug him back, he made his choice and again it was not me. 
“Are you ok Angel?”
 I pushed out of his arms and stood up. Finally lifting my head i looked at him, memorising every facial detail, the contour of his body, his hair everything, I loved him so much and I missed him like hell but he hurt me.
“We need to talk..” 
He came closer to me
 “Angel listen what you saw yesterday was not what it looked like I swear –“
I raised my hand just so I could stop him from talking. 
“You don’t need to explain, I said I would understand if you walked out, and you did so let’s move on from that. You chose her and that is good for you. Now for the matter at hand…”
“I did not choose her Angel I -”
I sighed and said “I’m pregnant, and stressed out, I don’t care what you do with Charli anymore.”
His jaw dropped 
“Pregnant…”
I nodded, I wanted to run into his arms, hear him tell me that it would all be ok and that he would be there. I started cramping again; he came up to me and helped me sit down. 
“Thank you,”
I said. He still had his arms around me
 “How can I help Angel, Anything you need baby I am here always?”
I wanted to cry, I refuse to have a relationship with him and Charli. I shook my head and said, 
“You don’t need to do anything; I just wanted to let you know what was happening.”’ 
He moved to help me but I stopped him 
“It’s ok I can make it upstairs, oh and I have an appointment this afternoon at the foetal assessment clinic. It is at two o clock, you are welcome to come with me.”
He was about to say something when Toya burst in the door and ran straight towards me 
“Ava, I came as soon as your mum called. Are you ok?”
I was at my breaking point and she saw that
 “Yes, I just need a nap.”
I stood up
“Ok my friend, I’ll go up with you and I’ll help you nap.”
She turned and looked at Danny
“You’ll have to excuse us.” He looked at me, he looked like he had a lot to say to me, but I just turned around and started walking upstairs 
“Toya please lock the door on your way up”














CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
DANNY’S POV
I messed up. I do not even know why I walked out on Angel. When she told me what she found out about Dylan, I was relieved and then I felt guilty about feeling relieved and I took it out on her. Now she is having my baby…and we cannot even celebrate because of my fucked up sense of responsibility to Charli. A woman who would do anything to get her way. How do I fix this mess? I want to be with Angel, I want to help her out with our pregnancy. I want to be the one rubbing her feet, napping with her and making sure, she gets everything she craves, I want to be there when she gets moody, and especially when she gets horny. I love her. I loved our baby already. They are my family and I will be there. I will not let Angel push me away, I know she loves me and I am so ready to grovel.
After about hour Toya came downstairs and groaned when she saw me. 
“How is she?”
She shook her head and said 
“Exhausted, hurt and worst of all miserable at a time she should be at her happiest, knowing that she is carrying your baby.”
She sighed and continued to say 
“I don’t know what you and Charli had going on in the past, and it is none of my business but Ava is here and she loves you that should be enough.”
I looked straight at her and said, 
“I love Ava Toya, more than life itself, she is my world and I know that I have fucked up but it was not to hurt her, she is my life.” 
She had tears in her eyes and I went up to hug her 
“Then you go in that room and you convince her that she is your woman.”
I practically ran up the stairs and barged into Angel’s room, she had her back turned towards the door and had her headphones on. I climbed on the bed, wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her to me. She struggled against me but I was not having it. I held her tighter against my chest, put my mouth on her neck, and bit her a little. She stopped struggling and shivered against me. I smiled to myself…her body still wanted me. “Angel” she shook her no. she did not want to listen to anything I had to say. I had to push on she needed to know that I loved her, that my heart beats only for her. “The reason I walked out of your room that afternoon was because I felt guilty.”
She looked up at me 
“I was so relieved, that Dylan was not mine, that there was nothing tying me to Charli and I felt guilty about that. I mourned Dylan, he was my son and I loved him. Being free of that Angel gave me an overwhelming sense of relief and I was ashamed, I thought I was discarding Dylan.”
 “You can’t discard what you never had, but I understand where you are coming from.
She still looked pissed
“how can I fix it Angel?” 
she sighed
 “Do you know what you did wrong?”
We looked at each other for a moment, I saw the hurt in her eyes, and in that moment I knew why she was still angry. 
“I’m sorry, she was coming clean about Dylan and I could not get mad. I just hugged her so I could be done with it. I promise I will never touch her again."
She shook her head at me. 
“I don’t think you understand Danny, Charli is a hard limit for me and somehow you just keep going back to her for one reason or another. You have to leave now, please. If I am going to keep my kids alive, I’ll need to rest, now leave so I can do that.”
There was no way in hell I was leaving her again.
“Then, we will both rest.”
She turned her back to me and hugged her pillow. I smiled to myself; she was definitely pissed at me. I still pulled her to me and let her sleep. Decisions needed to be made when she woke up; it was my fault our relationship was in the mess it was in. Having a family with Ava was always my goal. It came sooner that I had planned but I was still overjoyed. She has been my dream girl forever and now she was having my kids, a part of me was inside of her and damn if that was not a major turn on.The first thing I needed to do to keep my family sane and happy was to cut all ties with Charl, why was she still in my life she lied about my child and then sod him. Why did I care about her feelings, I needed to stop hurting Angel. It makes me an ass but when I found out that Charlie was Pregnant, I could have kicked my own ass. How could I have let that happen, when the only woman I wanted to have a life with was Angel. I was disappointed in myself, the moment I heard his heart beat though, I fell in love, I wanted him regardless of who his mother was. His death was like a noose around my neck and I was relieved Angel helped me take of that noose. It was slowly choking me to death. Seing Angel in my brother’s arms last night really screwed with my mind, seeing James be the one who took care of her ripped me apart. I would never make her cry or let her be in pain alone ever again. I moved closer to her and kissed her neck. She sighed, I moved my hands to her still flat stomach and smiled as I slowly fell asleep…






CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
EPILOUGE
Two weeks after the doctor’s appointment, I asked Steve if we could look for my father’s wife. I don’t want anything to happen to the Twins and her threatening me was just adding to the stress .We found her, she was living in a broken down trailer park in an old caravan that had holes in it. I was shocked to see the state that she was living in, I wanted to help her granted she did nothing for me in my whole entire life and I did not need to feel any sympathy for her because she and my father had tried to kill me but I was willing to forgive for the safety of myself and the Twins. We knocked at the door and she opened for us she was a mess and she was angry when she saw me, what are you doing here? she said I didn’t come here to fight with you lady I don’t even know what your name is. I don’t know why you have a problem with me but I am here to settle with you, go to rehab clean yourself up and I promise to take care of you for the rest of your life.
Who the hell do you think you are she asked me, that money that you received was supposed to be mine I am the one that was married to your father I deserve that inheritance. I’m sorry you feel that way my father was disowned after he tried to kill me that was maybe before you and he got married and my Gran father felt that his granddaughter deserved to receive his estate. I’m here offering you an olive branch it’s up to you whether you’re going to take it or leave it but I’ll tell you this, if you send me another threatening note after this olive branch I will make sure that I kill you and nobody in this whole world will be able to find your body. She looked at me and shivered she was scared Her face looked like she didn’t believe my Bluff but when she looked at Steve she kept quiet because his face looked really mean he looked like somebody that could kill you and have fun doing it. I’ll go to rehab she said but you better keep your promise about taking care of me. You will receive a lump sum as soon as you leave rehab if you squander that money you will have nowhere else to turn so go get clean and live your best new life. We left the trailer park and went home, my mom was worried as soon as she saw us she came rushing to hug me are you OK did everything go well?  Steve started laughing, our daughter was boss she handled that bitch like a pro there was one thing that got off my plate. As soon as I was done with that situation life resumed to normal, everything was quiet and calm. We were able to finish off our final year in school without a hitch the kids are behaving in my stomach uh no morning sickness I wasn’t feeling sick all the time. Danny was… uh we still needed to decide where the relationship was going if there was one. He made it to the pro and I was proud of him that had been his dream ever since we were kids. He still saw me every day before he had to leave for training camp, and I was breaking his heart by not letting him back in to my life. I just needed more time, being burned by him hurts like a bitch and I didn’t want anything happening to the kids. We could talk after they were born.

THE END



HIS AGAIN
BONUS CHAPTERS


ZWIVHUYA CHUMA









Copyright © 2019 Zwivhuya Chuma
First edition 2020
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission
from the copyright holder.
The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/
resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been
incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these
omissions at the earliest opportunity.
ISBN TBC (will be inserted at print stage)
Published by Zwivhuya Chuma using MC Publishers’ services,
@deliciousdirtyk
Chumamitchelle@yahoo.com





CHAPTER ONE
DANNY
“Hut-Hut”
Starting our play and I was off, this was my last game of the season and I wanted to end it with at least three touch I threw the ball to Bradley our (Half back) and he ran laterally behind the line of scrimmage taking him directly to our wide receiver Johnson as soon as he had the ball I knew it was time for us to score. When the lightning bolts realised that Johnson had the ball and was making a beeline for me, they made a quick scramble to tackle him and try to stop him, but they were too late by the time the had him down the ball was already in my hands and I was past the fifty yard mark making the game for us. The tigers , we won the Championship with  a bang. Best play to come out of my team, I loved these guys, the comrade we had, the bond, the brotherhood was real but it was time for me to go. 
Five long years I gave to the game, I wanted to stop while I was still ranking on the top, being one of the top five quarterbacks of all time did not come every day. I worked hard to get to where I was right now, I gave up a lot for this dream, it just did not taste as sweet as I thought it would and I know that’s because I did not have her by my side. The only thing missing in this life that I strived for was Angel and the twins. Five years ago ran away, I got scared and ran away, I screwed up and ran away from the love of my life and our little family. I convinced myself that she would do better without me, because all I had done since I had her as mine was hurt her. I’ve known Angel all my life, hurting her was inconceivable to me but somehow I did, I hurt her and I couldn’t forgive myself so I ran.
At first I had planned to give her space, let her have a safe pregnancy without stressing her out, every time she looked at me she would cry and I did not think that, that was healthy for the twins. I went away for a few days, I would call and check in, she sounded happy on the phone, and she wanted me to come back, so that we could deal with the situation we were facing, so that we could heal all the wounds before the twins were born. I needed more time before I could face her, so a few days turned in to a few months, then in to a year and before I knew it five years had passed. 
In the beginning she reached out, then I stopped answering her calls and texting back because I could not face what I did to her, how I made her suffer. I didn’t deserve them. When the twins were born, she got in touch with my team Manager and sent me pictures and updates about them through him. The first envelope had a picture of two tiny bundles wrapped in blankets one in Blue and the other in a pink one, the writing on the back said 
“Hi DaddyMeet Zayden (Boy) and Hayden (girl)”
I cried that day, seeing them so tiny and beautiful for the first time it really did something to my heart. I couldn’t stop the tears if I tried. The months that followed, I received the same envelope with pictures and updates of how the kids were doing, how happy and healthy they were, how big they were getting. Funny that in all the pictures she sent there wasn’t one with her in it. She couldn’t possibly know how much I wanted to see her too, I missed her.
After they turned three the envelopes stopped coming and I became restless. I needed to know if they were ok. That was when I realised it was time to go back home, time to face the past and fix my mistakes. I needed to fight to get my family back; I just hoped that there would be room for me.
Two days later, I parked my truck outside my old home and breathed a sigh of relief, it was a long drive and I was tired, but I was finally here. I was home and nervous as all get out. As I stepped out of the truck James came out of the house looking like, he was late for a date. Seeing my brother made my heart ache, we had fallout back then when I was stupid enough to leave Angel and we had not spoken since I left. He saw me, changed direction from his car, and walked toward me 
“You’re back?”
I nodded not sure, how he felt about seeing me. I hated this, my brother and I used to be close, best buds but now…
“Welcome back. I’m on my way out Dad’s inside”
“James, don’t rush let’s have a drink first. It has been a while.”
“I have a date I can’t miss; I’ll see you when I get back.”
With that, he turned on his heel and jogged to his car. I watched him drive away, at least we didn’t argue. When I came back to my senses, I realised that my dad was standing next to me.
“Geez, dad you scared me.”
I said my hand on my chest 
“Welcome back son, congratulations on the win”
He hugged me and I sighed, this was what I missed
“Thanks dad, pity we can’t all celebrate, where is James rushing off to. Does he have a new woman that I do not know about?”
My dad was silent for a while before he said
“It’s Wednesday, his day with the twins.”
My heart stopped, his day with the twins? What Twins? My face must have looked bad because he added
“He and I have days where we visit the twins and take them for the day so Ava can get some rest or go out. We have been keeping an eye on the kids while you found yourself son”
The stabbing pain in my chest did not ease, so this was what I had put my family through while I chased my dreams, while I ran away from my mistakes. I left them here to pick up the pieces. I cleared my throat.
“How are they, How’s Ava?”
He laughed straight from his gut
“They are as cute and adorable as their mama, I tell you son they will have you wrapped around their fingers in no time.”
I looked at the ground
“They don’t know me dad; I have a lot to make up for. I promise ill work hard to earn their trust”
My dad smiled
“I am glad you know you need to grovel. You seem to forget though that their mother is Ava; you’ve known her your whole life do you really think that she wouldn’t tell the kids about you?”
I looked at my father surprised
“They know me?”
He hit my shoulder
“You’ll have to visit them to get that answer son; I am not taking you out of your misery that easily.
I will say this though, go and bring my daughter in law and grand kids back yeah...”
I will if they let me.














CHAPTER TWO
AVA
“Ok first one in bed gets a double scoop of ice cream tomorrow”
Little squeals filled the house as the two little monsters ran up the stairs to their rooms
“Brush your teeth, uncle James will be up to tuck you in soon”
I sighed as soon as they were up the stairs and in the bathroom, I could not have asked for kids that are more active if I tried. James laughed as he hugged me 
“Hey look at the bright side; we made it through beach day in one piece”
I groaned 
“I need a holiday and wine”
“I go tuck them in, pour yourself a glass and relax.”
I nodded and did as he said. Oh the wine goes down differently when you are tired, I skipped the glass and took the bottle to the couch. Ten minutes later James was back and he joined me 
“So you going to tell me what has been bugging you all day?”
He sighed
“Danny’s back”
“Oh…”
Was all I could say, what was there to say
“Are you bothered by it?”
I shook my head 
“Not really, this just mean he can finally meet the twins.”
He sat up and threw a pillow at me 
“Hey, watch my wine.”
“How are you so calm?
He left you guys why you are not angrier that he just showed up is beyond me”
“I have been angry James, I’m not anymore though, we both know why he left for a few years I blamed him and hated him but let’s be honest we can’t really hold it against him or we could die of anger.”
He sighed
“I’m disappointed and sad that he choose to leave instead of talking to me and letting me help him, because of that I can never really trust him, he’d have to bring me the moon first.”
He laughed 
“The twins are going to love him aren’t they?”
I laughed 
“Of course, they already think that he is awesome. Hey did you tell him that we have been to his games?”
He looked at me as if I was crazy 
“What and make him think that he still had you Never, he needs to work to get you guys back, I am not making it easy for him.”
I laughed. I was grateful for James; he was my rock and my sanity. When my mom and Steve would pick up the kids, he would stay with me and we would thrash Danny behind his back. of course we didn’t really mean it, we both missed him and loved him and he hurt us, we kept each other sane . Though I have to say the hurt he put us through helped James improve his music a lot. 
“Thank you.”
He looked at me 
“What for?”
“You have been here for the most , I don’t know if I ever thanked you. I appreciate you J”
“Come on, that’s my niece and nephew, I would have been here regardless”
“Still, Thank You.”
“Are you ready to see him?”
I sighed 
“I am ready for him to see the kids, I am not ready for him to see me.”
He nodded
“Give me some of that wine”
We finished the bottle before James had to leave. It was always fun when he visited, I think he did the most because he felt guilty about Danny leaving. So he did the best in making sure we had everything we needed even though we lacked nothing. I let him be, doing for us helped him cope so I let him. The kids loved him and their Grandpa so it was a no brainer. Now all I could think about was how long it would take Danny to seek us out.
When the kids were three, they asked many questions about him, so I decided that we would take them to one of his games. I got the crew together, Toya, Justin, Luke and James. We packed up the kids and flew up to Texas to watch their Daddy play. It was mind blowing, cheering him on just like we did when he played at school. He was amazing on that field the way his body moved wow…
He owned that field, he owned that games and he owned us, the kids had a blast and ever since that game we never missed one when he played, we would either fly there or watch it on TV and he never knew. After a while I realised that it was therapeutic not only for the kids but for James too. He became less angry and more carefree the more they saw Danny. I guess that despite everything we were all still worried about him.
Argh being a grown up sucks balls.












CHAPTER THREE
DANNY
James walked in a little after ten and he smelled like he had been drinking. I was on edge, and what was he doing over there until now. What time did the twins sleep?
If they slept early, what was he doing alone with Ava?
“Can we talk?”
He groaned
“Can it wait until Morning?”
I had to know if my brother had moved in on my woman, I knew I was being un reasonable but my mind was going bonkers
“Are you sleeping with her?”
His eyes widened and his nostrils flared
“What if I am Danny, What are you going to do?”
“Nothing, I will do nothing if she is happy with you I won’t disrupt that.”
He sighed
“You should know her better than that
That thought should not have even crossed your mind.”
“I know.”
“If you are still insecure Danny, don’t go to them; don’t let those kids get to know you only to have you run away from them again.
If you are not sure stay away from them.”
I moved my fingers through my hair and whispered
“I want them with everything in me J,
Life means nothing without them.”
He nodded, then went upstairs and left me with my thoughts. I was going to wait at least for a week before I approached Angel, but I realise that I have tortured all of us enough. I needed to step up, my kids needed me and I needed them and their mother. After what I did it was selfish of me to expect them to take me back I know that, but that did not stop me from wanting them.
So I sent her a message
“Can I see you?”
 She responded, I wasn’t surprised she had my new number since she and my manager kept in contact
“We will meet you for breakfast, 09; 00 at Deliahs”
The next day when I walked in to Deliah’s, they were already sitting down and didn’t see me walk in, Hayden was happily colouring in a book at the table and Zayden and his Mom were having what seemed like a heated conversation, I moved closer, slowly so I could hear what they were talking about 
“Zay are you going to tell me why you are sad?”
“Yes mom, I am sad because you picked me up from school early, I didn’t get a chance to play with my friends”
“It’s corona virus you guys are not even allowed to play outside”
“Still…”
“Ok, so what time do you want mummy to pick you up”
He gave her look as if to say Duh Mummy
“Why are you asking me Mummy? 
Don’t you know things?”
“Zayden…”
I laughed. I couldn’t help myself, the little guy looked so serious negotiating his pick up time with his mother and it got me in the heart. Hearing me laugh they turned and looked at meI froze, sensing the stillness at the table Hayden looked up too and saw me. After the shock wore off Zayden ran up to me and hugged one of my legs shocking the hell out of me again
“Daddy…”
I got down on one knee so that I could be on his level while I hugged him tight; tears welled up at the corners of my eyes. My son was in my arms, hugging me tight I was so humbled in that moment.
“Hey little man”
“Thank God you are finally back
 I have been holding down the fort for you ok,
Kept mommy safe, chased away the guys that tried to steal your girl and watched over our house
But you know what dad between us Men I think you should stop going away so much mum is your girl after all you should be looking out for her.”
Ava choked on her water and I smiled, this was definitely my son. I looked at Hayden she looked more reserved. She had moved closer to her mama and was looking at me through her lashes. She was as beautiful as her mother was, I just wanted to wrap her in my arms and keep her safe. Looking at them like this lifted this weight of my chest and I felt like I could finally breathe. With Zayden in my arms, I moved closer to my girls, when I was close, enough I got down on one knee again so that Hayden could get a look at me. She crawled slowly across her mother’s lap and stood in front of me with her hands on my face. She pulled my cheeks this way and that way until she finally said
“You do look like Uncle James
You really are my Daddy.”
She flew in to my arms. I looked at Angel and she also had tears in her eyes, I guess she was also worried about how the kids would receive me.
She looked so beautiful, sitting there looking at us as if we meant the world to her. I fell in love with her all over again, My Angel. She was the balm the soothed all of my pain. I was the luckiest man alive for having known her, for having her as the mother of my children, for having had her love for that moment in time. I wanted her back so that I could show her just how much she meant to me, so that I could protect her, love her, make love to her
Dry her eyes when she cried
Make her laugh until her tummy ached.
I wanted to lay on the couch with her and watch all of her favourite shows, while I held her in my arms
I just wanted her to give me a chance to give her everything…

CHAPTER FOUR
AVA
When I saw Hayden fly in Danny’s arms I swear my heart wept, she looked so reserved and un happy at first, that it was worth it seeing her hugging him tight like that. As soon as they sat down James walked, I did not plan to stay long; I wanted Danny to start bonding with the kids and since James knew the routine, I figured that they would work it out together besides he also missed his brother so this could be their time too. I stood up and grabbed my bag and Danny frowned
“Ok guys; be good for Daddy and Uncle James alright. Mommy will see you when you guys get back.”
Danny had his eyes on me the whole time I spoke to the kids; I had to get out of here. I could not handle seeing him again and not want to be in his arms, I was freaking out. I kissed the kids and hugged James bye, before I rushed out of the diner. When the door finally closed behind me I could finally breathe, it took seeing him again in the flesh with the kids for me to realise just how angry I still was. I rushed to the car the moment the tears started falling down my face again, before I could climb in someone pulled me my back hit his chest. I smelt him before I saw him, pinecone and chocolate that was what he smelt like. I stood still, frozen, not speaking I was not ready for this. He turned me around and wrapped his arms around me and we stood like that for a while
“Angel, I am so sorry”
I pulled away but he kept holding me 
“I hurt you, you Angel
I was afraid; afraid that I was becoming just like her and that scared me.
I was afraid that I would become violent with you, with them just like my mother was and I ran.
I ran before I could do more damage, I ran because I was scared of hurting them the same way she hurt James and me. I made you cry so many times Baby so many times that I did not trust myself anymore. I started having nightmares, in those nightmares I had a knife in my hand covered in blood and you and the kids were on the floor dead.
That messed with my mind something fierce; I would cut of my hands before I physically hurt you or the kids.
I’m sorry”
I wiped my tears and moved back from him
“I know what you and James went through, why didn’t you talk to me?
You left us for five years Danny what if something happens to trigger you,
Are you going to run again?”
He pulled me back in to his arms
“Never again Angel, I am not going anywhere.
I am busy with counselling, I know that I am not like my mother, I know that I am not a monster 
And I know that I ran away from you because I loved you so much that I was scared that I would harm you
She harmed us claiming that she loved us
I know the difference now.
I stayed away to keep you guys safe from me, it killed me every day but I had to, I had to make myself mentally stable so that I could be a good Husband to you and a good Dad to the kids”
I sniffled 
“Oh my God listen to yourself, who said that I was going to marry you.”
He kissed the top of my head 
“You are stuck with me Angel; you are my peace’
You look at me and I feel at ease. You hold me and your heat warms me.
You walk into a room and everything else fades away
You gave me my kids. You gave me a glimpse into a world that I want to be a part of
You are everything Angel
I hope that when you finally forgive me, you will make an honest man out of me huh”
I looked up at him, 
“One day “
I said to him
He smiled, that was enough for now. We walked back in to the diner to finish breakfast with the kids and Uncle J.
Just so, you know, I am not prepared to lose, here. A quarter Back doesn’t quit when he wants something as badly as I want you. I will not let you go. Not any of you.”

I sighed of course I was not going to let him go; I just didn’t have to let him know that now


The Lady
&
The Rock Star

Zwivhuya Chuma





Copyright © 2021 Zwivhuya Chuma
First edition 2021
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying,
recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission
from the copyright holder.
The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/
resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been
incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these
omissions at the earliest opportunity.
ISBN TBC (will be inserted at print stage)
Published by Zwivhuya Chuma using MC Publishers’ services,
@deliciousdirtyk
Chumamitchelle@yahoo.com








Chapter 01
Thabang & Sloan
Thabang
“Those two have been together for years; they are not tolerating each other and just staying together for funsies. It’s real between them, get your hopes off him, he will never leave her and she will never let him go. So let go off him if you really want to be happy.”
It has been a week since he sprouted that shit to me and it still bothered me, who the hell did he think he was with his open vests and leather pants… oh I know he must think he is some type of archangel or something. What right did he have to talk such nonsense to me, treating me like I was a criminal for being in love with someone. Granted he was not someone who belonged to me, but love is love. 
I might have been wrong to assume that the man I wanted to be with would leave his wife for me, but that didn’t mean that my love meant nothing. And that is why I was geared up and heading to his bar and grill to give that bartender a piece of my mind. I was too stunned to respond last Friday but I was ready for him now. I walked into the bar strutting my stuff ready to make that bartender kneel and beg for my forgiveness. When I passed through that entrance I staggered, why?
Because life was not fair, that’s why.
I staggered because right there, up on that stage the bartender had just opened karaoke night. He was on stage spotlight shining on him electric guitar on the right and mic in front of him. He was in his trademark leather pants black belt with a big silver buckle and this time a proper white vest, the tattoos on his shoulder, arm and neck were on display. The muscles on him had me ready to swallow my own spit. Seeing him on that stage belting out Chainsmokers who do you love song had me wanting to climb him like a tree and that bothered me. 
I didn’t like him, he was an asshole and the worst part about him was that he was that wet rag’s friend. I walked over to the bar for some liquid courage and waited for him to finish his performance, he looked so damn good and I fucken hated it.
When he was done he walked over to resume his post behind the bar, the asshole didn’t even look at me. If he thought that I could be ignored he had another thing coming. I gulped down my drink and called out to him
“Hey bartender, I need to talk to you.”
He looked at me as if I bored him and that had my blood boiling 
“I do have a name, Officer”
“I don’t give a flying fuck what your name is; just get yourself here so I can give you a piece of my mind.”
Ok so maybe I shouldn’t drink whiskey anymore, it got me really high really fast… his nostrils flared and he walked towards me, if the singing wasn’t so loud I probably would have heard his angry footsteps. He tossed his cleaning rag at the other guy who had served me drinks, grabbed my arm and dragged me with him to wherever. I tried to pull my arm away with my heart pounding through my chest but his grip was concrete I was not breaking free unless he let me.
“Ong kisa kae motho?”
(Where are you taking me person?)
He grunted and picked up his pace, past a corridor, past what looked like storage rooms, past the kitchen, which had people looking at me, and I felt embarrassed which made me angrier at this asshole. Up some stairs and finally he stopped unlocked a door opened it and dragged me inside. He closed the door turned on the light and used his body to barricade me against the wall. Oh no if he thought I was intimidated he was so wrong
“You are in my space; back up I need to yell at you” 
His face was inches from mine, all serious and ready to commit murder looking face, beautiful but serious. Fuck why was I giving him compliments when I hated him. He smirked
“You came all the way here on a Friday night to yell at me
Are you really sure, that is all that you came to do?”
Was he serious right now, I glared at him
“What else would I be here for, your food sucks, your drinks are expensive, and you are an asshole so… there”
He didn’t react just looked deep into my eyes, I hated how his eyes made me feel like they could see right through me and into my soul, that grey gaze had me feeling like I was trapped in a storm cloud but it was like a safe storm cloud somehow. He put his hand on the wall next to my face and whispered in my ear
“When you were thinking about me all week, what fantasies did you have?
What did you see me doing to this delectable body of yours Mmm?
What exactly did you see me doing that had you rushing over here to tell me that I was an asshole?”
I gulped, was he some kind of mind reader. Mxim 
“You are out of your mind rock star, I saw nothing, I am here to tell you where to get off”
He wrapped his other arm around my waist and bit my ear before he said
“It’s written all over your face Ms Officer, you want me. You want me to fuck Derek out of your system and I will but I want to hear you say it.”
This idiot had officially lost his mind, Derek was not in my system I didn’t need him to fuck anything out of anything, he leaned in and whispered
“Still not ready to say it”
I shook my head, where the hell did my voice go. I looked at him trying again to say something when he wrapped his lips around my hardened nipples through my blouse, an uncontrolled moan escaped my lips fuck why did I choose tonight to wear an unpadded bra??
He sucked harder the friction of his mouth and the material of my bra driving me crazy. I lifted my hand up and ran them through his hair pulling his head closer to my tits so he could devour them. He stopped his teasing and kissed a path up to my neck and stopped at my ear, I was still fully clothed and panting like a bitch on heat
He whispered
“Take your panties off and give them to me.”
I gulped, what was this fuzzy and heavy feeling that this asshole was giving to me, what fresh hell kind of control he had on me right now. Without realizing it I had slipped my lace knickers off and handed them to him. He tucked them into his back pocket and then kissed me. I was not expecting that which was why he managed to astound me. The kiss was delicious and rough; every time his tongue plunged into my mouth, I felt it on my clit. I was wet, I wanted to be ravaged by him, I wanted him to fuck me so hard that I wouldn’t remember my name tomorrow.
I pulled him close, close enough so that I could reach his crotch, I wanted to free him from his pants, free him so he could plunge in to my pussy the same way his tongue plunged in to my mouth. He opened my top, pushed my bra up to free my breasts from their enclosed space as I unbuckled his belt, and undid his pants button, before I could pull down the zipper though he lifted me up high, so high that my legs were wrapped around his neck not his waist.
Dear heaven I almost fainted, he had me up against the wall, my legs around his neck breasts hanging as his face was between my thighs eating me out like I was a delicious piece of braaied chicken wings with Jimmy sauce on them. His tongued circled my nub, circled my wet hole and circled the rim of my ass, this guy wanted to kill me , I could barely keep my eyes open, his tongue was that skilled and being that high up was doing things to me. He lapped up my juice moaning every time my pussy tried to grip his ooh so wonderful tongue. I hated him he was such a tease. His tongue moved faster and faster, sucking on my clit I was on the edge ooh so ready to come when he stopped and brought me down to my feet, I was losing my mind, my orgasm was just there, one more lick, one more suck and I would have drenched his face.
“Say it”
He whispered, I groaned as I felt his fingers tracing my pussy under my skirt, touching but not really
“Now…”
“Oh God asshole, please fuck Derek out of me please... “


Sloan
“Oh God asshole, please fuck Derek out of me please “
At first, I wanted to do this for Alley, keep the girl occupied and away from her husband; but she would kick my ass if she found out I was playing with girls hearts. Now, now I really just wanted to fuck this little police officer, I wanted to tame her with my dick and claim her with my cum not for any other reason than to make her mine. I hated Derek’s name spilling from her mouth so I leaned in and kissed her senseless, I kissed her so she would need help remembering her own name, the moans she made drove the animal inside of me. I tore her blouse off her body; the bra went with it she gasped
“You fucken Brute I needed to wear that, when I leave”
I leaned in and bit her ear to shut her up, before I whispered
“Two options here babe, 
One-you can leave wearing something of mine or 
Two stay up here naked and exposed to my eyes for good.
Personally I prefer the latter.”
She groaned, I unzipped her skirt letting it fall to the floor before I moved my fingers to her wet pussy. She was drenched and that made me smirk. I picked her up and walked towards my big ass bed. I threw her on it and flipped her onto her stomach. Leaning in I trailed open-mouthed kisses from the back of her neck, down her spine and right on her ass. Spreading her ass cheeks, I rimmed her ass with my tongue making her lower body jump of the mattress. Still lying flat I spread her legs, exposing her the way I liked. I moved my face towards her pussy and licked her, she moaned and I licked again, she tasted sweet a man could get addicted to her taste. I spread her legs farther apart and pushed my face deeper between her thighs, my beard tickling the insides of her thighs.
When I finally pushed my tongue inside of her, she exploded; she came hard, biting her lips as too not call out my name. I smirked she just earned her first punishment of the evening. I slid my fingers into her prolonging her orgasm until she went limp on the bed , scooping her juices I Lubricated her ass, she gasped when I slid a finger inside and then another by the third finger she was shaking and gasping.
“I want you to acknowledge the person giving you these orgasms Sweets, how else will I know that you are with me right now?”
She whimpered
“Sloan…please 
I-I am ready”
Smirking I said
“Your pussy can wait; tonight I start with your ass.”
She gasped when I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and put her up on her hands and knees head hanging low, ass high on full display for me. I pulled the zipper of my jeans down and let my cock spring free, stepping out of my jeans I moved closer to her my hands moving around her body, touching, teasing, driving  her wild.
I placed my cock between her folds and moved back and forth creating a friction that was torturous for us both, when my cocked was soaked by her juices, I gripped it in my hand and guided it to her ass, when I was at her rim I whispered
“Be a good girl and relax sweets”
She took a deep breath and let it out, I felt her slowly relax, in that moment I pushed the head of my dick in to her tight sphincter and groaned 
“Fuck, you are tight, you have the perfect ass for anal.”
Slowly pulling out and then back in feeding her a bit more of my cock, the deeper I went the more she relaxed. When I finally bottomed out we both needed to take a breath. Changing our positions with my dick still in her ass, I sat on the bed and had her straddle me reverse cowgirl style, one of her arms around my neck opening up her upper body for me to suck on those hard nipples. One leg straight on the floor while the other was draped on top of my thigh, having her open for me to play with her clit
“Ride me sweets”
“You are so big; I don’t think that I can move”
I moved my fingers to her clit and pinched, she gasped and started slowly moving up and down my dick, not moving my fingers from her clit I moved my mouth towards her breast and sucked a nipple in to my mouth lightly biting , that made her shoot back up and down on my cock moaning like crazy
“That’s it sweets, take what’s yours”
She gasped moving up quicker, sitting down faster, my fingers circling her clit to maximize her pleasure
“Fuck, why did it have to be you making me feel this good asshole”
“Wrong thing to say sweets.”
I lifted her up, both thighs on either side of my arms, her body still facing away from me I walked her to my floor to ceiling mirror next to my window and spread her legs open
“Look at yourself in that mirror, see how stuffed your ass is by my cock, see how your pussy pulses every time my cock hits deep “
Her head fell back on my shoulder as I pumped her ass with vigour
“Don’t take your eyes off the mirror sweets or I stop fucking. 
Watch yourself being fucked by me and loving it, look at how jealous your pussy is of your ass right now“
She came with a scream on her lips right before she called out my name. Satisfied I sprayed her ass with my come until I felt like I was losing my mind. When I looked at the mirror, again she was looking at me, her legs wide, breasts and pussy on display she looked like a Goddess
When my eyes met hers in the mirror, she whispered two words that had me hardening inside of her
“Again Asshole”



Chapter 02
Thabang
I can’t believe I did that maubane (yesterday) what the hell was wrong with me, I let that asshole fuck my ass (ironic I know) not once but three times throughout the night. At some point, during the night I was even begging him to do it. And why the hell was my body still tingling like we enjoyed it when we hated every moment of it. Shaking my head I looked around his room for something to where, I was getting out of dodge before he came back. I found my blouse in the floor ripped to shreds no way would that be salvageable. I saw one if his t-shirts on the chair picked up my bra grabbed the t-shirt and got dressed as I was sneaking out. I opened the door looked left and right before I ran out like a crazy ostrich with no panties under my skirt and not stopping until I got in to my car and drove home. Got home and went straight to the bathroom, I had to wash him off me and hopefully this damn body would stop humming. There was no going back there, nothing was going to make me go back and see his face again nothing….
Brrrrrring… damn phone, I looked through my purse for it and answered without checking the caller ID
“Hello…”
“You forgot your panties in my pocket sweets”
His deep voice sent shivers down my spine right to my lady bits, the feeling was so good it had me forgetting myself and sighing on the phone
“That sigh tells me you miss me, why did you leave sweets”
That brought me out of my sex-induced comma
“Keep the panties asshole better yet throw them away, we are not seeing each other again”
He chuckled on the phone, why did everything he did give me a lady boner 
“If you don’t fetch these panties, I’ll hang them up at the bar with your picture next to them”
I gasped 
“You wouldn’t”
“Try me sweets, see you tonight at 8, I’ll leave the room unlocked go straight up there and wait for me”
He hung up. See asshole, he was blackmailing me now? Did he forget that I was an officer of the law and I could have him arrested. I threw my phone on the bed and headed towards the shower I fucken hated Sloan.
Eight o clock sharp I was in his room waiting and pissed off, what did he take me for. The man licks my pussy and thinks he owns me fuck no, I’m about to put him in his place that is what is about to happen up in here tonight. Whooo yeah I was ready, I was pumped
Only to have the asshole walk in half naked with a towel wrapped around his waist hair and chest still wet from a shower. My mouth was suddenly dry; I needed to leave, right now, right now. I made a dash to escape the room but he grabbed me and hugged me tight, pulling me closer and tighter in to his space. He kissed my neck and whispered in my ear
“You smell good sweets”
I pulled away and stepped back from him, giving us some room to breathe.
“I’ll wait outside until you are dressed and then we can talk”
I said trying to be mature about the situation. He smirked looking me up and down 
“I don’t plan on talking, you want your panties and I want to give them to you, but you have to do something for me first”
How arrogant
“What do I need to do?”
He looked me up and down again and that made me fold my hands to hide my hardening nipples
“Simple”
He said as he pulled out a chair and sat down facing the bed
“Make yourself come…
While I watch”
His back was towards me so I was pretty sure he didn’t see my jaw drop to the floor. What the hell???
Wait
Why was I not disgusted and throwing a tantrum right now?
Did I actually want him to watch me get myself off?
Was I insane?
He stood up and turned towards me again letting his towel fall off his hips his cock standing proudly with a drop of precum on the tip, looked like his dick was winking at me, I winked back 
“Show me and I will show you what you do to me…” 
He wrapped his fingers around his cock and pumped once, I gulped looking at him, watching him was erotic, seeing that manly cock saluting me made me cave. I stripped out of my clothes making sure to hide my panties this time, didn’t want him black mailing me again. I moved towards the bed and slowly got on, our eyes on each other the whole time, my body was on fire, my nipples hard and my pussy was drenched, this asshole was not good for me. I lay back on his pillows; his scent surrounding me on that bed drove my hormones crazy.
“Touch yourself”
He whispered but I still heard him, I was feeling drunk on the way his eyes devoured my naked self, I wanted to this for him. My hands started moving from my neck to my lips slowly down towards my chest lightly cupping my breasts, moving to my nipples pinching as I moaned. Having his eyes in me was an aphrodisiac. While one hand tweaked and teased my nipples I moved my other hand down past my belly, slowly opening my legs exposing myself to him before using my fingers to further open my lips so he could see how wet I was. One finger dipping inside my wet hole making myself moan, I moved my fingers up circling my clit it felt so so good, bringing my other hand down, using those fingers to penetrate my whole as my other hand massaged my clit, my waist lifted of the bed , the intensity of the pleasure was to good,
He was sitting back in the chair eyes in me, eyes dilated, nostrils flared hand on that beautiful cock pumping up and down, the faster I moved the faster he pumped, his groans fuelling me, moving me towards my orgasm at lightning speed
“I’m so close Sloan…”
He groaned, his muscles all bunched up from holding back
“Come sweets, come for me”
That was music to my ears, seeing him watching me jacking me off drove me over the edge I came hard and loudly. I felt like my soul left my body and his dick was not even inside of me, would I survive Sloan? Before I could lose myself to those thoughts, I felt a weight on top of me, when I opened my eyes and looked up, the asshole was straddling me, his hands went down to my nipples and tweaked, when I moaned he said 
“You looked so fucken sexy, coming apart for me without me having touched you, that’s a good girl.”
He placed his cock in-between my breasts and pushed them together. Why it looked erotic when he started moving I don’t know, all I knew was that I wanted him to come. So when he pushed forward again I lifted my head up and sucked his head in to my mouth. He groaned as his movements sped up, he was getting a blowjob and a tit job at the same time and he was so close to blowing his load. I had never been so proud of myself knowing I could bring a beast like him to his knees without even using my main asset was Wow…

Sloan
We were just coming down from the best oral orgasms that we both leashed on in each other and I was in the process of wrapping her in arms when she said
“I think we should stop here.”
I turned her over to face me 
“Ok, why”
Her face fell for a moment after I had said ok
“I know you are just toying with me to get revenge for Alley. I get the message now actually I got it a long time ago. I won’t interfere in their lives”
She made to get up, but I stopped her by looping an arm around her waist and pulling her to me
“Darling you seriously thought that my mind was on Alley while my mouth was claiming your delectable pussy?
Should we do it again, clearly I did it wrong because you were thinking.
What type of man do you take me for?”
“An asshole…”
“I was with you the whole time I was inside of you, matter of fact I was still with you when you ran out of here this morning.
I don’t know what this is sweets, what I do know is that I want to try it out, I’m in it with you if you will have me.”
She wiped the tears from her eyes and sat up
“Wow you guys really plan things through huh, so the plan was to seduce me, fuck me, make me fall in love with you and then what huh leave me?
I am sorry I can’t play that game with you. Let’s just stop here.”
I groaned 
“There is no plan, what should I do to prove it to you?”
Before she could answer, Felicia opened my bedroom door
“Sloan babe, Lets go…
Oops, I didn’t know one of your fuck buddy’s was here”
I closed my eyes aggravated shit…
“Get out Felicia”
Sweets was out of the bed before I could pull her back and explain, I had never seen a woman get dressed as fast as she did, when she left my bedroom she didn’t even look back. I let her go; there was no way I was getting through to her tonight. I got dressed and met Felicia in the kitchen
“You wanna knock and watch your mouth next time you come over cousin?”
She snorted 
“What, it’s not like you were planning on seeing her again, you don’t fuck anyone twice.”
“And you know this how?”
“Larry your bartender told me, he says people call you the fuck em and leave em Rock star. And the girls don’t mind because you look the way you look.”
I took out beer from my fridge and sat down 
“Why are you here again?”
“It’s my first night at the bar dear cousin, you said you would be there when I clocked in.”
I nodded absentminded oh that was tonight. My mind was not focused right now; I just let my woman walk out of here thinking that she was just a floozy to me. With her stubborn nature, I knew it was not going to be easy getting her back.
“Let’s go”
I said to my cousin damage was already done we might as well get some work done.
“So who was that chick, you still look bothered by her leaving”
I put down the glass I was wiping and looked at her
“Why would you burst into some body’s bedroom and behave that way?”
She shrugged
“I thought you were failing to get rid of her because you were late for my clocking in time, you could have signalled me.”
I lifted an eyebrow
“Exactly how was I supposed to signal you dear cousin?”
She grunted 
“You should have rolled your eyes and I would have seen it...”
I laughed
“You were too busy looking at her, when would you have noticed my eye roll and did you not see my arm wrapped tightly around her waist”
She blinked a few times and then thought about it
“Oh snap you are right she was trying to leave and you wouldn’t let her I totally misread the situation. Who was she and what is her deal?”
I smirked in her direction
“I don’t know little one, but I plan to find out why she is the one who makes my blood boil.”












Chapter 03
Thabang 
“What the hell was wrong with me, why was I still sitting in this parking lot instead of going home??
What the hell was I expecting from him? Did I really want him to come running after me, the fuck bunny?
Why would that thought even go through my mind anyway? Sloan and I were nothing, he didn’t promise me anything. I was just warming his bed so that his best friend could feel safe and secure knowing that I wouldn’t continue chasing her man. I hit my hand on the steering wheel a couple of times. Mrs kent and her friends didn’t seem like people who would send someone to revenge fuck me , and that asshole didn’t look like he would take orders from anyone grabbing my hair one last time, I started my engine and drove away from Sloan’s bar and grill, I would not be coming back here ever again. I need to stop seeing him for my own sanity I already wanted to rip that chicks face off when she called me a fuck bunny, how could I have been so hurt when the man I weren’t that close.
I got home and took a shower, needed to wash him off me again and oh shit I forgot to take the pair of panties that he had with him. After a couple of minutes when I had settled in bed, my phone rang and I answered without checking the caller ID.
“Hello?”
“Sweets, open the door I am outside. Let’s talk.”
My body was trembling just from the sound of his voice, seeing him would not be doing me any favours
“Go away asshole”
I whispered over the phone, he cursed before he begged me not to hang up. 
“Let me explain please”
For some reason all logic seemed to fly out the wall when he was around so to keep my sanity I said
“I get it, you are the great sexy bartender who is also a mechanic and only fixes up special made cars and motor bikes, with his sexy self. I get it, so you don’t need to explain anything to me, no promises were made and you can have any chick you want so bye “
I heard him punch the wall outside
“You don’t get anything damn it
You are mine woman and I am not going to let you run away from us like this do you hear me sweets. I won’t let you run away. I’ll let you hide just for today, lick your wounds. Tomorrow when I get back here everything about you belongs to me.”
He hung up and left, how dare he leave me so flustered?
Why wouldn’t he leave me alone, I was in danger of falling for him hard and that was why I needed to stay away from him, nothing good could come out from a relationship with him, I was so sure I couldn’t handle his type of play boyness.
From then on, it was an uphill battle to fall asleep, it was a good thing I was on leave now otherwise, I would have been a zombie at work today and no amount or red bull would have been able to pull me through. 
Got out of bed, went for a jog, came back took a shower and made a breakfast shake before curling on the couch with a movie. I was slowly dozing off to the movie when my doorbell rang, being the cautious person that I sometimes was, I peeped trough the curtain to see who it was, I rolled my eyes put on my slippers and went outside, I didn’t trust myself to let him in. When I was outside with the door closed behind me, he pulled me into his chest and wrapped me in his arms. I did not hug him back. He pulled me back and scanned my face, I wasn’t angry or anything I was just resigned, I just wanted to get this over and done with.
“I missed you “
He said in to my neck, I shivered but pushed him away 
“I am only out here to listen to what you have to say, and then I am going back inside.”
He held on to my hand smiling, this asshole kept smiling while I was fuming inside 
“Let me inside and I’ll help you stop being mad at me “
I shook my head no.
“Let talk out here.”
“I want you in my arms when I explain myself sweets”
“I guess we have nothing to talk about then, since you have time to make jokes. Please leave me alone Sloan, Bye.”
I moved to get back in to the house when he stopped me
“How can you ask me to let go, to leave you alone when I belong only to you?”
I could feel his body heat on my back he was very close to me, what did” I belong to only you mean.”
I turned around to ask but before I knew it, his lips were on mine and he was lifting me up and wrapping my legs around his waist. Still kissing he walked us in to my home, closed the door and moved us to the couch I was sitting on earlier. He sat down with me still in his arms and slowly ended the kiss.
“I am yours”
He whispered
Was that something I wanted, I got off his lap and looked at him
“I don’t know anything about you, I will not deny the chemistry we have that’s through the roof, but we are still strangers to each other.
I need to know about you and your past so that it doesn’t shock me from walking away like last night, I won’t judge you for it but I need to know so people can’t use it as a weapon against us.”
He nodded his head; I could see that he was nervous so I went first
“I didn’t really have feelings for Derek. I grew up in an orphanage; there was no love or affection there, nobody paid attention to anybody. In that place it was an every man for himself kind of place. So when I passed the academy and got my first partner, he was nice to me. He exuded this warmth that I wanted to surround myself with and I think that was when I convinced myself that he liked me and that I liked him too. I hated when he spoke about his wife because it messed up my illusion. So I tried to break them up, luckily, you came to the rescue.
And who the hell was that chick that came bursting in to your living space like that?”
He was still looking at me all silent and broody
“She is my cousin, that was her first night working at the bar I will introduce her to you sweets.
When I was 14 my mother’s friend Debbie became my legal guardian, Alley and her mom didn’t know why I always hid in their back yard all the time but when Alley’s mom found out she was on a war path. You see Debbie was a sweet lady who had a fetish for teenage boys or should I say younger men. The first night I moved in to her home, she had me take a bath and get comfortable, after dinner, she got down on her knees, took my wong out and sucked on it. I was too shocked to move and my teenage body obviously enjoyed what she was doing because before I knew it I was coming down her throat. That night she gave me a blue pill and had me fuck her pussy until we both passed out, it felt more and more like a chore after that”
I was mortified and he was not finished
“As time went on she taught me how to eat her out, how to please a woman, where the g-spot was and how to fuck anal. We both enjoyed what we were doing and although I still haven’t seen it as she having raped or violated me as the law calls it she was still the only person who took me in after my parents died and my other family members claimed to not know me.
I do know that because of that relationship, I have never trusted a woman.
I have never wanted to be in a relationship that felt like it could suffocate me, I saw women as something to fuck and let go and that was until you, I couldn’t let go of you, I wanted to protect you from Alley And Derek not the other way around.
When you were crying your eyes out drunk that night about how Derek apologized for almost kissing you I wanted to wring his neck, how dare he make you cry was what I was thinking?
I don’t care how slow we take this Thabang, just as long as I am with you.”
I was crying at this point why the hell would I want to keep myself from this man I straddled him and kissed him as if our lives depended on it when we pulled back up for air I said 
“Show me what she taught you.”
He growled lifting me up and walking us to my bedroom, my pussy was convulsing like crazy hoping that today would be her turn to taste that man monster, I moaned involuntarily and leaned down to bite his ear, show casing my impatience.
He threw me on the bed, took off all of his clothes and then just stood there for me to admire him; I loved how the eye of his meat always seemed to wink at me. His finger signalled me to come closer to him and when I was close enough he ripped my I am cute pj top me leaving my chest bare for his eyes to feast on. The tearing of the material made my nipples pebble, his gaze on the made me moan. My pj pants were next to go lie down he growled
 I shook my head
“Kiss me first”
He moved that sexy body of his towards me and pulled me in for a deep kiss, the kiss was so good it had my toes curling. His fingers moved down my body, cupping my breasts moving lover over my belly and moving deftly between my legs, groaning once he realized just how drenched I was. He stopped kissing me and whispered in to my ear 
“Is your pussy going to be a good girl and take all of me in like your ass did?”
He tweaked my clit and my juices ran down my thighs, he was killing me. I nodded
“Yes…”
He lay me down got between my legs, kissing the insides of thighs moving up until he had my clit in his mouth, sucking and nibbling , till he had me calling out. He kissed an open mouth trail leading to my breasts, sucked in one nipple while his other hand cupped my other one I was in ecstasy, crying out for I don’t know what, my pussy felt empty, it kept on Clutching and Releasing on nothing
“Please Sloan”
He let my nipple slip from his mouth and looked up at me 
“Tell me what you need sweets”
I groaned aloud before I said 
“Your dick, please give me your dick sloan”
He smiled, and moved on top of me to position his man meat where it needed to go, he moved it up and down along my slit and right when I was about to complain because I couldn’t take it anymore. He slipped the head in and that made me gasp, he slowly pulled back and slammed back in I screamed at the top of my lungs, it was too much, I felt full and stretched beyond capacity, and I struggled to catch a breath. He kissed the top of my head and whispered
“That’s my good girl, you can do it, just a little bit more to go sweets”
He pulled that log back out again and slammed back inside of me finally bottoming out, in that instant I came, my pussy gripped and milked him until I stopped. He had his teeth clenched, trying to hold himself back from coming. When I felt comfortable enough to move, he started thrusting inside of me. He was inside of me raw and I could feel each thrust, I could feel the top of his head hitting my womb , I opened my legs wider trying to get him to go deeper he grunted and started moving faster faster. My head was spinning, my breast were heavy with lust, my ass was quivering and my pussy was having the time of her life, 
“I am going to come sweets, I want to come on your breasts, mark your body with my seed”
I groaned coming again as he said that, he held out for as long as I needed to ride my high. Then pulled out, I was on my knees holding my breast together for my Asshole to blow his load. Looking at him jacking his man meat drove me crazy; it made me want to put him in my mouth. My hands still on my breasts I used my fingers to flick my nipples and he came, he sprayed his cum on my breasts, on my belly, some flew on my lips. I loved hearing him groan, the sound of his groan went right to my clit. I was covered in cum and claimed by this man.
I was ready to be his and trust in him if he was ready to be mine and trust in me. 






THE END
