
A BRIDGE THROUGH TIME

by
Jennae Vale

Copyright 2014 Jennae Vale
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
Cover design by Dane With Ebook Launch

Acknowledgements
Thank you to my family and friends for your support and encouragement throughout this process.
Thank you to my editor, Deb Williams - The Pedantic Punctuator, for all your help editing my book and getting ready for publication.
Thank you to Dane at Ebook Launch for creating such a beautiful cover.
Thank you to Sam Raines at BookFuel.com for checking in with me and answering all of my questions as I prepared to self-publish.
Thank you to the members of the SVRWA and the CHRWA for being an incredible source of knowledge and support.

Table of Contents
ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN
TWENTY
TWENTY-ONE
TWENTY-TWO
TWENTY-THREE
TWENTY-FOUR
TWENTY-FIVE
TWENTY-SIX
TWENTY-SEVEN
TWENTY-EIGHT
TWENTY-NINE
THIRTY
THIRTY-ONE
THIRTY-TWO
THIRTY-THREE
THIRTY-FOUR
THIRTY-FIVE
THIRTY-SIX
THIRTY-SEVEN
THIRTY-EIGHT
THIRTY-NINE
FORTY
EPILOGUE
ABOUT JENNAE

ONE
Ashley thought she might be going crazy as her heart raced in her chest and a rush of adrenaline made her light-headed. No, there was no doubt; she was definitely going crazy. What other explanation would account for the man, who had just appeared out of thin air?
"Don't panic. Breathe," she told herself.
She had walked to her car with apprehension, a little jumpy, a little edgy. Then as she sat behind the steering wheel, ready to drive off, he appeared right in front of her. Ashley sat motionless, staring at him. He didn't move. He gazed back at her, with stormy gray eyes and ebony hair, which hung past his shoulders. She tilted her head from side-to-side, memorizing everything about him. If she had to guess, she'd say he stood about 6'3" and was solidly built - not all bulky muscle like a body builder - but chiseled, defined and strong. He dressed oddly, not in jeans and a t-shirt like most guys she knew, but in a kilt. She didn't have any expertise when it came to kilts, because she hadn't seen many, but this one didn't appear to be the kind you might buy off the rack. The hilt of a large sword peeked up over the right shoulder of his plain linen shirt, and yet she was not afraid. Laces took the place of buttons below the neckline. His feet were covered by boots of the softest leather.
For the last month, she had been having visions of this man, who happened to be the most drop dead gorgeous guy she had ever seen. He always looked at her with longing in his eyes. It made her feel desirable and beautiful, two words she definitely wouldn't generally use to describe herself. The sightings had no rhyme or reason. He appeared to her at the oddest times, and without warning - at work, at home or simply walking down the street. Could he be a ghost? A daydream or some sort of otherworldly being? And if so, why did he appear to Ashley? He had to be one of those options, because he certainly couldn't be real. She must be hallucinating, because every time she had seen him in the past month, she'd been so freaked out that she'd closed her eyes, shaken her head and when she checked again, he was gone.
"I'm not taking my eyes off you this time," she said aloud.
Ashley moved slowly. As she opened her car door and got out, he was still right in front of her and her nose picked up the scent of pine trees, wood smoke and fresh air. She closed the door and walked towards him, with her hand out to touch him. He still hadn't moved. She forced herself not to blink as she inched closer, and she was almost there when she heard a loud crash behind her. A shopping cart smashed into the back of her car and her hallucination, or whatever he was, vanished.
"Oh, gosh," the woman with the wayward shopping cart cried. "I am so sorry! I let go for a second to open my trunk and when I turned around, the cart was heading right for your car! I can't believe I let that happen!"
Ashley distractedly checked her car. "Everything seems okay. No damage done." She glanced back to the spot where her mystery man had been. "Hey, you didn't happen to see the guy who was just standing in front of my car, did you?"
The woman shook her head, "No. I didn't notice anyone. Are you okay? You look a little shaken. I hope it's not because of me."
"No. It's not you. I'm fine," Ashley said. A little crazy, but fine.
"Are you sure?" the woman asked and Ashley nodded. "I'll take my cart and go then. Sorry." The woman walked away and left Ashley, staring at the empty spot in front of her car.

TWO
Ashley pulled into her friend Jenna's driveway. Tears filled her beautiful amber eyes, as she rested her head on the steering wheel, her dark auburn curls falling in disarray around her face and shoulders. She needed to get this sorted out and fast - or she might find herself in the loony bin.
"Why, why, why?" she asked no one in particular.
She had been dealing with anxiety issues for years, but they were spiking now and seeing things that weren't there wasn't helping at all.
"Get it together, Ashley. Great, now I'm talking to myself. Jenna's got to help me figure out what's going on." She walked to the door and while ringing the doorbell she chanted to herself. "Please be home, please be home."
Jenna opened the door, and in the background, Ashley observed her deadbeat husband, Jonathan.
"Ashley, are you okay? You look terrible," Jenna said.
"Thanks," Ashley replied sarcastically. "And no, I'm not okay."
"What's wrong? Did something happen? You didn't run into Dax, did you?"
"I really need to talk to you… alone." Ashley eyed Jonathan, who had plopped himself down on the sofa with a sandwich and a beer.
"I'm not moving, so you ladies will have to take it somewhere else."
Jenna rolled her eyes, and taking Ashley by the arm, guided her towards the backyard. Ashley made sure she gave Jonathan the evil eye before she turned away.
"Jonathan, don't get food on my new sofa," Jenna called, as they walked out through the French doors.
The sun was shining, the birds were singing and the orange blossoms smelled amazing on this beautiful Northern California day. Ashley and Jenna sat side-by-side in the Adirondack chairs, tucked into a cozy corner of the back patio.
"So, spill it. Why do you look like you've just seen a ghost?" Jenna asked, concern for her friend evident on her face.
"I think I did… see a ghost."
"Wait a minute. What?"
"I feel like I'm losing my mind and I think I might have actually just seen a ghost." Ashley proceeded to tell Jenna about her visions over the last month, and Jenna, being the good friend she was, quietly listened.
"Does he ever talk to you?" she asked, when Ashley finished.
"No. He just stands in front of me, looking incredibly hot."
"Hmmm. Well, if you're going to see ghosts, then my vote would definitely be for incredibly hot." Jenna laughed.
Ashley was not amused.
Jenna sobered, trying to reassure her friend. "I'm sure it's just a reaction to the stress you've been under."
"Do you really think so? I don't want to be crazy, Jenna," Ashley moaned.
"You're not crazy. Believe me. I mean, think about it. You're still getting over the breakup with Dax; you're getting kicked out of your apartment, and to top it all off, you lost your job. Anyone under that much stress is bound to have physical and psychological reactions."
"I hope you're right, but what should I do? Do you think I need therapy? I think I need therapy."
"Let me help to relieve some of the stress. Come live with us for a while, and if you still think you need therapy after you've had a chance to relax, you can make an appointment to talk to someone."
Ashley was a bit skeptical. "What about Jonathan? Won't he mind? I'm not his favorite person."
"Look, I don't know what the deal is between you two, but he doesn't get a say. This is my house and I pay all the bills, so he'll just have to deal. Come on, do it," Jenna urged.
Ashley thought about her situation and realized what a relief it would be, not to think about housing while she searched for a new job. She had never been the helpless type, but right now, she could use all the help she could get. "Okay, I will. Thanks, Jenna, you're the best."
"I know," Jenna laughed.
"My luck has been pretty horrendous lately. I can't believe my boss decided to just up and close the business. I really needed that job - not for the money, of course, but it kept me busy, so I wouldn't sit around thinking about Dax all day."
"Dax is an ass. He doesn't deserve to have you, or to have you wasting your time thinking about him. I know you'll be mad at me for saying this, but he did you a big favor by breaking up with you."
Ashley ignored Jenna's comment and focused on her unemployment instead. Her parents had set up a trust fund for her and so she really didn't need a job, but she liked to be productive and having a career gave her a sense of self-worth.
"I might go back to teaching, but that probably wouldn't be until the fall, if I can even find a position."
"Don't think about it right now, take some time to relax. Once you're settled in here, maybe you should go on a vacation. Do a little travelling."
Ashley smiled for the first time in days. "That sounds like an excellent idea. A change of scenery might be nice and besides I'm not lacking for cash, so spending a little on retaining my sanity seems like a sound investment."
"It's settled, then. Let's concentrate on getting you packed up and moved in here, as soon as possible." Jenna gave Ashley a big hug and they walked arm-in-arm into the house, to share the good news with Jonathan.

THREE
Ashley's visions hadn't stopped when she moved in with Jenna and Jonathan, but they became less concerning to her the more she saw her mystery man. The visions were almost comforting in a way. She felt as if he were watching over her, like a guardian angel. It didn't hurt that he was so devastatingly handsome or that she was the sole focus of his attention. Ashley decided that she was not going crazy after all. This guy, whom she was now referring to as Grey Eyes, had to be out there somewhere and somehow she was going to find him.
Ashley spent a few weeks at Jenna's house before beginning her extended vacation. Jenna hadn't been happy when she heard Ashley's plans.
"Ashley, when I told you to take a vacation, I thought you'd be heading to the Caribbean for a couple of weeks, not to Scotland for an indefinite amount of time," Jenna complained. "I don't like the idea of you being gone for so long."
"I know, Jenna. It's a little out of the ordinary for me," Ashley said.
"A little? Try totally out of the ordinary," Jenna replied.
"I have to do this, Jenna. I have to try to find this guy who's haunting me; my gut and his kilt are telling me Scotland is where I need to be. I'll be fine and if I need anything I'll call you. I promise."
Ashley could see the skepticism and worry written all over Jenna's face, but once Ashley made up her mind to do something, it was close to impossible to stop her.
Jonathan, on the other hand, was ecstatic to see her go. He didn't like her and it was obvious, perhaps because she was on to him. The spark for Ashley's anger was the fact that he was so openly taking advantage of Jenna and she was quick to remind him of her suspicions. The two fought a verbal war on a daily basis, but never in front of Jenna. When she was present, they had an unspoken truce in order to spare Jenna from having to choose sides, each afraid of the outcome.
"It's no wonder Dax cheated on you," Jonathan bated her. "Look at you. You're nothing much to look at and rumor has it you weren't so good in the sack."
"Get a job, Jonathan. I can't believe that you're sponging off of Jenna like this," Ashley accused, trying to deflect the hurtful words that had been hurled at her.
"Yeah, well at least I've got a home and a woman who loves me. All you've got is a whole lot of crazy going on up there." Jonathan pointed at her head. "Good luck finding your dream lover," he laughed.
Ashley couldn't believe Jenna had told Jonathan about Grey Eyes, but then why wouldn't she. Jonathan was her husband. She shared everything with him. Ashley fought for control. She was not the violent type by nature, but she wanted so badly to punch him. Ashley and Jenna had known each other since pre-school and she wasn't about to jeopardize all those years of friendship for one moment of pleasure, no matter how great it would feel.
She had plenty of time to think about it all now, after arriving in Scotland. Ashley drove through the countryside on a narrow two-lane road into the highlands, white knuckling it through village after village. She didn't have any regrets about her decision to make this trip and she'd prove to Jenna that Grey Eyes really did exist. If she couldn't find him, she'd surely look crazier than she sometimes felt, but somehow she knew she would, why else would she have been so compelled to travel half way around the world on her search. This was the right thing to do and there was no turning back.
Her trip was being done totally on instinct alone and while she was frightened to be doing it all by herself, it was also exhilarating and liberating. She had a newfound confidence in herself. It felt good to be in charge of her own destiny for once in her life.

FOUR
Ashley took her time, stopping in several small villages along the way. There was excitement and anticipation in the pit of her stomach, and nothing she had experienced so far in her life had felt quite so right. It was as if the car was on autopilot and she had no control over where she was headed. Driving on she found herself in Western Ross, also known as the Celtic Fringe. She passed through Applecross, Torridon and more small hamlets dotting the countryside, which was breathtakingly beautiful. History was pouring forth from all directions, but Ashley was on a mission. Finally in need of sustenance she came to yet another small village, where she decided to take a break for tea. She was shown to an empty table, when she walked into a quaint little teashop situated on the main road. Ashley hadn't realized how hungry she was, until she sat down. When a girl of about eighteen came to take her order, Ashley opted for a pot of Darjeeling, her favorite tea, and an assortment of scones. As she waited, she pulled out the maps and tour guides and laid them on the table. Pinpointing her location, she decided that there was still time left in the day to go a bit further, before finding a place to stay for the night. She was getting close to her destination; she could feel it.
The girl came back with Ashley's order and carefully set the tea and scones on the table, avoiding the maps and books. Nodding in the direction of the maps she asked, "Are you on holiday then, Miss?"
"Yes, yes, I am."
"You must be American, I can tell by your accent. My name's Maggie. This is my family's tea shop."
"Nice to meet you, Maggie. I'm Ashley and you got the accent right, I am American."
"Ashley… that's a nice name. Are you staying in town for the night, or will you be travelling on?"
"I thought I'd drive for a little longer and then find a place to stay. I'm looking for something off the beaten path. Any suggestions?"
"Everything's off the beaten path in these parts," Maggie joked. "Let me think on it for a moment. I'll be right back."
Ashley watched as Maggie went back behind the counter and spoke with an older woman, who was washing glasses. She then went to the phone and made a call. Ashley continued perusing her maps and books as she enjoyed her tea.
"You should go to Glendaloch." Maggie returned a few minutes later and sat down opposite Ashley at her table. She had a twinkle in her eye as she said, "It's a magical wee place. There's not much in the town itself… a few shops, a small inn and restaurant, but the countryside is beautiful. Me mam's family lives there, and she's always told me stories about the place since I was a wee one. She says that if the timing's just right and you wish hard enough, your dreams can come true there. You might meet some fairies, or even a handsome Highlander."
Ashley experienced a strange, tingly sensation when she heard the name Glendaloch. "Sounds like my kind of place," she laughed. "Thanks, Maggie; I'm going to make that my next stop."
"I'm happy to hear it, you're going to love it! It's unlike any place you've ever been," Maggie said with pride and then pointed out the directions on the map. "There is a great hiking trail in Glendaloch that you should try. It's a most enjoyable way to pass the day."
"I'm not much of a hiker back home, but I could make an exception while I'm here. As a matter of fact," Ashley said with authority, "I think I will."
"I wish you luck then." Maggie winked as she rose from her chair and headed back behind the counter. "The Campbell's are fine folks and they'll take good care of you. They own the inn in Glendaloch, and me Mam is Edna Campbell's sister."
Ashley thoroughly savored her scones, slathering each bite with a bit of clotted cream and her favorite, lemon curd. She took a last sip of tea, packed up her maps and books and paid the check.
"Thanks again, Maggie. It was a pleasure chatting with you."
"You too, Ashley," Maggie said, and then she added with a mischievous grin, "If ye come across any handsome Highlanders save one for me would ye?"
Ashley smiled and waved goodbye. As she got back into the car, she laughed. "Fairies and handsome Highlanders… now wouldn't that be something?"

FIVE
Ashley parked her rental car in front of an inn called 'The Thistle and Hive', in the little town of Glendaloch. She felt the same odd buzzing and tingling sensation throughout her body as she had at the teashop and knew instinctively her heart had been leading her to this place. Grabbing her bags, she practically ran through the front door and up to the front desk. The lobby was beautifully decorated, with wingback chairs that faced a blazing fireplace. A large carpet, designed with an intricate Celtic knot pattern lay on the dark hard wood floors, which looked like they had been in place for a very long time. The walls were white plaster. Dark wood that matched the floors, also framed the walls, and artwork was tastefully displayed throughout. Wooden beams and a large rustic chandelier decorated the ceiling. A wide staircase, off to the left, led upstairs and there was a dining room and bar on the right.
As Ashley approached the front desk, she was greeted by a smiling blue-haired woman, with sparkling emerald green eyes. The hair took her by surprise. She had seen plenty of teenage girls and young women with their hair dyed pink, blue or even purple, but never an older woman, certainly not that she could recall. Despite the hair, Ashley was looking at a woman in her middle years. "Hello, I'm Mrs. Campbell. Welcome to The Thistle. You must be Ashley."
Ashley was shocked into silence. How on earth does she know my name, she wondered.
Apparently reading her mind, or at the very least, Ashley's perplexed facial expression, Mrs. Campbell explained. "Maggie called from the teashop, to let us know we'd be having a guest from America."
Ashley let out a relieved breath and laughed at how silly she felt. "Maggie said Glendaloch is magical, but I'm happy to know you don't actually have any special powers."
"Oh, you'd be surprised, dear." Before Ashley could ask what she meant, Mrs. Campbell went to work, getting Ashley registered and handed her a key to her room.
"I gave you a room with a view of our lovely countryside." Mrs. Campbell beamed. "Once you get settled in, please come down and join us for a bite to eat."
"Thank you. I'll definitely do that."
"Do you need help with your bags, dear? Angus will be along shortly and he can bring them up for you."
"Oh, no, that's okay. I've got them," Ashley reassured her.
"All right then. We'll see you in a bit." Mrs. Campbell hurried off into the dining room, leaving Ashley to head upstairs in search of her room.
The inn was small and quaint. There didn't appear to be more than six rooms on the second floor, and unless there were some hidden on the first floor, that was it. Ashley's room was at the end of the hall and as Mrs. Campbell had promised, the view was spectacular. She looked around the room and was pleased with what she found. A big four-poster bed took up much of the room. There was a large, comfortable chair by the window and a charming fireplace on the opposite wall. The room was tastefully decorated in hues of peach and sage green. She was relieved to see she had her own bathroom, and looked forward to a quick shower before dinner.
The warm water felt good on her body. Ashley hadn't realized how stiff and sore she was, due to the stress of driving in a foreign country. It had taken her a while to get used to driving on the other side of the road. She'd been in constant fear of forgetting the rule, and ending up in a head-on collision, so she'd white-knuckled it all the way to Glendaloch.
Ashley stepped from the shower and grabbed the fluffy white bath sheet from the towel rack. She quickly dried herself off and put on the bathrobe provided by the inn. She made her way to the bed and flopped back into its downy softness. A short nap might do me some good, she thought. Ashley closed her eyes and before long, she fell asleep.
She slept dreamlessly and when she woke, she had the feeling that Grey Eyes was nearby. It was already dark outside and the fireplace was ablaze. Ashley couldn't remember whether it had been lit when she came into the room, but if it wasn't, how is it that it was now. Her eyes travelled around the room and there he was, lit by the golden glow of the fire. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of him. "You're here," her voice was barely audible and her hands shook. He smiled a soft, sweet smile and then slowly disappeared from view. She was usually disappointed when he left, but this time she felt a certain sense of satisfaction. She was getting close. She could feel it.
Finally able to take a deep breath, she got up, hurriedly dressed, and checked in the mirror to be sure she looked okay. She hoped she hadn't missed dinner, because her stomach was grumbling for food.
When Ashley entered the dining room, Edna Campbell came rushing across to greet her. "We were worried we wouldn't be seeing you this evening. Come, sit with us and I'll get you your dinner.
Ashley apologized for her late arrival. "I guess I was just exhausted from all the driving I did today. I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long."
"Don't give it a second thought, dear. Are you cold?" Mrs. Campbell didn't wait for a reply. "Come sit here by the fire, it gets quite chilly at night in these parts. Angus, entertain our guest while I get the food."
The man seated across from her had risen, and was extending his hand. "Angus Campbell, Edna's husband. It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss."
"Oh, please, call me Ashley."
Angus nodded and waited for Ashley to sit down, before taking his own seat. He was quite handsome. He stood about a foot taller than his wife did, and he wore his salt and pepper hair cropped short. He was solidly built with broad shoulders, in excellent shape for a man in what looked to be his mid-fifties. He smiled at Ashley and his hazel eyes, flecked with gold, crinkled at the corners. When he wasn't smiling, Angus Campbell appeared a little stern, but Ashley thought, from the warmth in his eyes, he was likely to be a teddy bear in disguise. Right now, he looked as if he was searching for something to say. Apparently, Angus Campbell was a man of few words and his wife was the exact opposite. A busy bee, Ashley mused. Very suitable for The Thistle and Hive.
Edna came bustling out from the kitchen, carrying a huge tray. "I've got some lovely beef stew here, and some freshly baked bread as well."
"It smells delicious. Thank you."
As she ate, Ashley studied the dining room. She was surrounded by beautifully decorated tables. Fresh flowers within glass vases were positioned here and there throughout the room, and on each table, there was a hurricane lamp and a glowing candle. It was a warm, cozy room and under the right circumstances, even romantic. Ashley was the only guest, but as her eyes travelled around the room, she noticed someone sitting in a dark corner, near the windows. It was a man who obviously wanted to go unnoticed, and as Ashley's eyes met his, she was disturbed by the glare he was directing her way. She quickly looked away, and was about to mention it to the Campbell's when Edna spoke.
"That's Teddy," she explained in a quiet voice. "He lives here in town and comes in every night for a bite. During the week, he's usually our only guest."
Ashley glanced in Teddy's direction once more and noticed he hadn't taken his eyes off her. A chill ran down her spine.
Edna must have noticed her shiver and spoke. "Are you warm enough, dear?"
"Yes, yes… I'm fine. The fire is lovely."
"I noticed on your registration card that you're from California. It must be beautiful there, and probably a lot warmer too," Edna smiled.
"I'm from San Francisco. I've lived there my whole life… until about a week ago."
"Oh… not anymore?"
"It's a long story, but I'm taking a break from city living and I've decided I need a little adventure in my life."
"Wouldn't it be exciting if you found one here?" Edna smiled. "And you're travelling all alone."
Ashley nodded, her mouth too full of stew to speak.
"Brave girl."
If you only knew, Ashley thought. Aloud, she responded to Edna. "I just needed to get away. To push myself out of my comfort zone." Ashley was actually very proud of herself. This was the bravest thing she'd ever done.
"What does your family think of this? Aren't they worried about you?"
"My parents are both deceased, so I'm on my own. I was their only child."
"I'm so sorry, Ashley. I didn't mean to pry." Sympathy was evident in Edna's eyes.
"No worries, Edna. I still miss them terribly, but it's gotten easier with time." Her eyes started to well up and she stared at her food until she got the tears under control.
"I hope I didn't upset you, dear. Angus and I have had our share of losses as well. It's just the two of us now. Our daughter, Arlena, would have been about your age, I think." She shook her head sadly and Angus reached across the table and silently took his wife's hand. They exchanged a loving look. "We've found family all around us and you will too; I just know it, Ashley." Edna was staring into the fire now, almost in a trance. "Yes, you'll meet a handsome young man and even though you'll seem like you're from two different worlds, you'll fall in love and his family will become yours."
What a strange thing to say. Ashley thought Edna sounded like a fortuneteller or something. Edna looked back at Ashley and her whole demeanor changed, smiling and upbeat again. "Listen to me," she laughed. "You'd think I could predict the future."
Ashley was a bit disappointed; she had secretly hoped Edna could, because that was exactly what she had been dreaming of. A handsome man, falling in love, becoming part of his family… it was everything she wanted.
"Would you like to join us in the parlor for a little after dinner sherry?" Angus asked.
He speaks. Ashley hadn't heard Angus utter more than a handful of words throughout dinner.
"I'd love to, just for a little while though."
As they left the room, Ashley glanced at the corner again. Teddy was gone.
*****
When she returned to her room for the night, Ashley noticed that the fire was still blazing. Odd, she thought. This is a wood burning fireplace. It should surely have gone out by now. She stood in front of it for a few moments, enjoying the warmth and the glow it cast about the room. Drinks with Edna and Angus had been pleasant. They were a warm and devoted couple. They had treated her as if she was one of their own, and Ashley truly appreciated it. She needed the feeling of belonging, more than she realized.
Ashley put on her pajamas and then curled up in the chair by the window. Staring out through the glass, she thought she saw a solitary figure staring up at her window from the shelter of the trees beyond the garden. She shivered and got up to make sure the door to her room was locked. When she checked again, whoever it was had vanished. Ashley shook her head at herself - the strange interaction with that Teddy guy in the dining room obviously had her on edge, but at least he was gone now.
The fireplace crackled as she climbed into bed, and after some initial tossing and turning, Ashley fell into a deep sleep. She dreamed of a very handsome man with soft grey eyes, which twinkled as he smiled at her. His glorious smile made her weak in the knees. When he held his hand out to her, Ashley took it, feeling an electric charge run up her arm and through her body. He pulled her into his arms and she rested her head on his very solid chest. She could hear his heart beating and feel his warm breath as he whispered in her ear. "I'm waiting for ye, Ashley love." This was the first time he had spoken to her and his voice did not disappoint. He held her close and she felt safe and loved in a way she never had before. The comfort and warmth she felt in his arms was beyond anything she had ever hoped to experience.
"This is where I belong," she sighed in her sleep.

SIX
Ashley woke to the sounds of howling wind and rain pelting her windows. She couldn't tell what time it was, but assumed it was morning, even though it was dark and gloomy outside. She snuggled deeper into the blankets with a contented smile on her face. As she laid there, eyes closed, the atmosphere in the room began to change. He's here, she thought, and as she turned onto her side, she saw him taking shape. 'Grey Eyes', as she had started calling him, was standing right next to the bed.
"I'm waiting. Hurry," he said, and then he was gone.
"Hurry?" she said aloud. "Where are you?" Seeing him three times in such a short period was unusual, in fact, it had never happened before. Now if she could just find this guy. She felt like she was getting closer, but didn't know if it was possible to find someone who was only a figment of her imagination. No, he's real, Ashley told herself. She had never been with a man who made her stomach flip flop and her body tremble at his touch, but Grey Eyes did it to her every time. What she wouldn't give to experience such a reaction to a man in real life.
As she was throwing off the covers, there was a knock at her door.
"Who's there?"
"It's just me, dear - Edna."
Ashley opened the door, to be greeted by her own personal ray of sunshine on this dark and rainy day.
"I thought you might like to have breakfast in your room this morning." Edna bustled across to a small table near the fireplace. "It's going to be a bit gloomy today. The rain should let up enough for you to explore our small town a little later, but in the meantime, you can relax and enjoy some down time."
"Thank you, Edna. That's so thoughtful of you. It looks wonderful."
"There's tea and scones, eggs, bacon, and some oatmeal with honey."
"Wow. That's a lot of food. You really shouldn't have gone to so much trouble," Ashley protested.
"Nonsense, dear. It's been a long while since I've had a young lady to spoil."
Ashley understood Edna was talking about her daughter, Arlena, and she was touched to have someone who wanted to mother her. She too, missed that mother-daughter connection and she had felt a bond with Edna immediately. She missed her own mother terribly. Her father had passed away when she was about ten years old, leaving a gaping hole in her life. Then, when her mother died in a car crash a few years ago, it had been more than she could bear. She'd lost the woman who dried her tears when she fell, hugged her when she was broken-hearted. The woman who was full of wisdom and had the solution to every problem. She missed her Mom more with each passing day and knew she always would. Ashley and Edna both had holes in their hearts, which needed to be filled. Ashley thought that perhaps they could do that for each other, even if it was only for a few days.
Ashley was surprised to see a fire burning brightly in the fireplace, where a few moments ago there had been nothing but ashes. Edna had only been in the room a few minutes and Ashley was having a hard time figuring out how she could get the flames blazing so quickly. She looked at Edna, who was beaming, and then turned her attention to the fire and then back to Edna. Something weird was going on here, but she didn't know what it was.
Ashley finished her breakfast after Edna left the room. She couldn't believe the amount of food she had managed to consume, thinking she definitely wouldn't need lunch today.
Ashley took her time as she dressed and noticed the wind had stopped and the rain had reduced to a fine drizzle. She walked downstairs when she was ready, to find an empty front desk. No one seemed to be around, but she noticed an umbrella propped by the entry, with a sticky note attached. It said, 'Ashley, take this umbrella with you. I thought you might need it - E'.
Ashley smiled. Edna's one step ahead of the game. She took the umbrella and headed out to see the sights of Glendaloch. There was a bookshop, which she happily explored. She particularly liked the section on local history and purchased a book about 'Magical Glendaloch'. Next was the apothecary, where Ashley picked up some essentials to replenish her supply of toiletries. She hadn't packed much, not wanting to weigh her suitcase down with huge bottles of shampoo and conditioner. She picked out a postcard for Jenna, from a rack near the cash register. Shopping bag in tow, she walked back out onto the street and noticed creepy Teddy was watching her again. He gave her a very uncomfortable feeling. Was he following her? It's a small town, she told herself, where else is he going to go? There are only so many corners to stand on and buildings to lean up against. Even so, she would speak to Edna or Angus about him later.
The rest of her day exploring Glendaloch was uneventful, and Ashley fell in love with the place. It was almost like taking a step back in time. A time before cell phones, e-mails, and all the other technological advances meant to keep us all connected, but actually had the opposite effect. Here in Glendaloch, she felt more at ease and more in touch. She was very much in the present, not distracted by text messages and social networking. She was better able to appreciate the smiles of people passing by. Better yet, she smiled back. Best of all, the anxiety that was usually her constant companion, seemed to be taking a hiatus. There was a certain peace about this place. She didn't have to look for it; it was just there. It felt very much the way home should feel.
Edna cheerfully greeted Ashley at the door of The Thistle and Hive when she returned late in the afternoon.
"How was your day, dear? Did you enjoy our sleepy little clachan?"
"I'm sorry what did you say? I'm afraid I didn't understand you," Ashley apologized.
"Clachan. It's an old-fashioned Gaelic term for a small village."
Ashley nodded in understanding and repeated, "Clachan."
"I see you've done some shopping. Come tell me all about it. I've got our afternoon tea ready."
Ashley was amazed and couldn't help but smile at Edna's rapid fire chatting, which left little room for reply. She stifled a giggle as Edna led her into the dining room, to sit in her spot by the fire.
"Edna, I had a wonderful day. I love Glendaloch," Ashley gushed as she placed her bags down next to the chair and warmed her hands by the fire. "I really wasn't prepared for this weather though. I should have brought some gloves, my hands are freezing."
"I have a spare pair I'll let you have," Edna offered. Noticing Ashley's bags she said, "I see you found the bookshop and apothecary."
Ashley reached into the bag from the bookstore and pulled out her copy of 'Magical Glendaloch' to show to Edna. "A little bedtime reading."
"Oh, yes, that's a good one. You'll enjoy it."
Something caught Ashley's eye, a movement at the window. She looked more closely and was shocked to see Teddy was staring through the glass at her.
"Edna… I'm concerned."
"What's wrong, Ashley? You look as though you've seen a ghost."
"Not a ghost. Teddy. He seems to be following me everywhere. Last night he was standing in the trees, watching my window. Today he was hanging around outside the apothecary when I came out and just now, he was watching me through the window. He's creeping me out."
"Teddy is harmless. He's just very protective of all of us here in Glendaloch. Don't worry. I'll have a word with him. I'm sure he's just decided you need someone to watch over you."
"But why? This seems like the last place I'd need to worry about my personal safety."
"It is. It's just his nature to want to keep watch. Don't give it another thought. We'll take good care of you while you're here."
*****
Up in her room, Ashley sorted through her purchases. She put the book on the bed and placed her toiletries in the bathroom. Her clothes were still a bit damp, so she laid them in front of the fire to dry. Someone was keeping the fire going, but she hadn't once seen anyone tending to it. They were like hotel ninjas, she laughed to herself, imagining them stealthily sneaking into the room and out again unnoticed.
Ashley took a quick shower before dinner and then wrote a brief note to Jenna on the postcard she'd purchased. The photo on the front was of the picturesque little town and some of the surrounding countryside. 'Jenna, I know it sounds cliché, but I'm having a wonderful time and I really do wish you were here to enjoy it with me. Love, Ashley'.
Heading down for dinner, Ashley grabbed the postcard. She'd need a stamp, and thought that perhaps she could buy one from Edna.
The dining room was filled tonight and so was the bar. Ashley looked around and again found Teddy at his corner post, staring at her. She would take Edna's word for it, and accept that he was harmless. Maybe she should try being a bit friendlier. She smiled and waved to him, and he immediately looked away, as if he could disappear by doing so.
"There you are!" Edna Campbell bustled towards Ashley, taking her hand and guiding her to what was fast becoming her place by the fire. "Would you like some wine tonight, Ashley, dear?"
"I'd love some."
"Red or white?"
"Red, please."
Edna hurried off to the bar on the far side of the room and returned with a bottle of cabernet and two glasses. "I hope you don't mind if I join you. Angus won't be down tonight, he's caught a bit of a bug and wanted to get to bed early." She noticed the postcard Ashley had placed on the table. "Would you like me to post that for you dear?"
"Could you? That would be wonderful. It's a note to my best friend back home. I wanted her to know that I'm okay."
"I'm sure she'll be pleased to hear from you."
"She's very protective of me. We've been friends since we were toddlers."
"Really? That says a lot about you both, that you've remained so close even after all these years."
Ashley sipped her wine and gazed into the fire.
"I haven't asked about your plans, how you find yourself in Glendaloch of all places. Do you have Scottish ancestry?" Edna questioned.
"Possibly, but I've never looked into it, and as to why I'm here… you'll think I'm weird."
"I would never think any such thing! Coming to our small village you might find any number of characters who could be considered weird."
Ashley thought Teddy would definitely fall into that category. Taking a deep breath, she decided to dive right in. "Okay, well, I've been drawn here. I don't know how else to put it." She told Edna all the details of her life in San Francisco; her breakup with Dax, her inability to find someone new, how all her friends were engaged or married, and lastly, how she followed her heart and left everything behind. She carefully left out her sightings of Grey Eyes, not wanting to appear crazy. She thought she might have said too much, but Edna - with her motherly demeanor - had somehow managed to draw it all out of Ashley.
"My days of dog sitting, baby sitting and house sitting are done," Ashley concluded. "I'm going to focus on getting myself a life. I just wish Jenna wasn't married. We'd have so much fun doing this together."
"I'm sure you would, but then you might not find what your heart is leading you to." Edna gave her a knowing smile. "Let me go get our dinner." She was off before Ashley could respond.
Dinner was amazing, starting with a delicious beet salad and followed by a perfectly cooked filet mignon with root vegetables and potatoes. "The food here has been delicious," Ashley said.
"I'll let our chef know. He went to culinary school in France, you know. Then he came back home to share his new skills with all of us. We're very lucky to have him."
"I agree. He must really love it here. I'd imagine he could get a job at any five star restaurant in Edinburgh or London if he wanted to."
"Those born in Glendaloch don't usually roam too far and when they do, they always come back," Edna stated proudly. "What are your plans for tomorrow, Ashley?"
"I'd really like to go for a hike into the countryside. Maybe you could give me an idea of which way to head." Ashley didn't know what had gotten into her, but ever since she'd arrived in Glendaloch, she'd felt a compulsion to go hiking.
"Of course, of course. I'll put a bag together for you… lunch and some other goodies, so you can take as much time as you like on your hike."
"Sounds good. Hopefully the weather will be better tomorrow."
"I'm sure it will be."
Ashley got to her feet. "I'm going to head up to my room, I'd like to get an early start in the morning. Can you put the dinner on my bill, Edna?"
"Dinner was on me tonight. Thank you for keeping me company."
"It was a pleasure, I enjoyed it very much. Tell Angus I hope he'll be better soon."
Edna smiled. "I'll see you bright and early tomorrow then."
"Good night."
*****
Once in her room, Ashley got cozy in bed and picked up her new book. The photos were stunning and she perused the pages until she came to something that caught her attention. It was a picture of a lovely little stone bridge. She couldn't stop staring at it. There was nothing special about the bridge, it was definitely very picturesque, but for some reason it was almost mesmerizing. Ashley read the caption under the photo and was surprised to see a bit of folklore about the stone span. It was a fable regarding a mysterious fog; one that caused people throughout the history of Glendaloch to cross the bridge, never to return. "Hmmm… I wonder what that's all about," Ashley mused sleepily as she closed the book and turned off the lamp.

SEVEN
"Ashley, love." Grey Eyes was calling her. "Where are ye? I'm waiting. Hurry." He held his hand out to her, his eyes telling her something was wrong. She struggled to make her way through the invisible wall which held her back, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't get to him, and as usual, he disappeared.
Ashley jolted upright, with her heart pounding in her chest and a sense of urgency she hadn't felt before. His appearance was different this time. It left her feeling uneasy and anxious. Get a grip; it was just a… a what? What was it and why did it feel so real? Why did she feel such a connection to this man?
As Ashley prepared for her hike, her mind kept returning to the same questions. Could she possibly find him? Or had she gone completely stark, raving mad? This is getting you nowhere, Ashley; you have plans for the day. Besides, she'd have plenty of time to think about it on the hike, and she was anxious to begin. She was experiencing the same urgent pull, which had brought her all the way from California to Glendaloch.
Downstairs, Edna greeted Ashley with her usual exuberance. "Good morning, dear. Would you like something to eat before your hike?"
"I'm not very hungry this morning. I ate too much good food last night." Ashley smiled and patted her belly.
"Well, I've packed you a bag to take with you, and as I promised, there's plenty in there for you to snack on once you've walked off last night's dinner."
Ashley had expected a small lunch sack, so she was quite surprised to see a backpack sitting on the front desk instead.
"I know it seems a bit much, but I wanted you to be prepared for anything that might come up," Edna continued.
Ashley didn't want to seem ungrateful, so she thanked Edna, grabbed the backpack, and walked to the door, with the older woman following close behind. When they exited the building, Edna pointed down the street. "Just past the last building down there on the left, is a path that goes out into the countryside. Just stay on it and you won't get lost."
"Thank you, I'm excited to start exploring." Ashley was about to walk away when Edna grabbed her and pulled her into a hug.
"You're a very special young lady, Ashley."
Ashley had the distinct impression Edna was saying goodbye to her for the last time. She didn't know how to respond, so she gave Edna a small wave and headed off towards the edge of town, with a prickle of apprehension running up her spine.
*****
It was a beautiful day. The sky was blue and the sun was shining brightly, an improvement over yesterday's cold and dreariness. From what Ashley had come to understand, the weather was quite unpredictable in the Highlands and it could go from sunny to stormy in a matter of minutes. She was well prepared, wearing comfortable sneakers, black leggings, a tank top and she had a hooded sweatshirt tied around her waist. She quickly glanced through the myriad things Edna had packed for her as she stashed an extra t-shirt in the backpack, just in case she needed an extra layer if the weather turned cool. The path was easily located and she was amazed by how quickly she left Glendaloch behind.
The trail wound its way downhill and towards a small stream. Ashley heard the swiftly flowing water, long before she saw it. The surrounding area was rugged, hilly and a verdant green, and as she walked she enjoyed the quiet and serenity of the surroundings. This was something she would never have the courage to do back home, but she felt safe being alone here. Ashley hoped being on vacation hadn't lulled her into a false sense of security.
Ashley wondered what was behind Edna Campbell's strange behavior this morning. The backpack was actually a little on the heavy side for a day's hike. What had Edna put in there? She'd seen a few items earlier, when she deposited her t-shirt in the backpack, but she'd give it a closer look when she stopped to rest. From what she'd learned about Edna since her arrival, she'd probably given Ashley enough food to feed an army and what about that crazy hug? She smiled to herself, thinking about the older woman. Edna seemed to have adopted Ashley over the last two days. Instead of feeling as if she was staying at a hotel, Ashley found it was like staying with a warm and caring family member. She wondered what had happened to Edna's daughter. She hadn't wanted to pry, not when she could see how much it affected both Edna and Angus when the subject had come up. Having suffered her own losses, Ashley understood completely.
She had been walking for about twenty minutes or so when the trail began to wind through a stand of trees, which blocked out the sunlight. Ashley hurried to make her way through the shadows, to the warmth of the sunshine just ahead. The sound of running water got louder. Stopping briefly to adjust the backpack, she noticed a stone bridge, recognizing it as the one from the book. She was startled to see what looked like someone, standing just beyond the trees. Ashley looked back, uncomfortable and not certain she should proceed. Looking towards the bridge once again, she strained her eyes searching for the figure she was sure had been standing there, but was now gone. My imagination is getting the better of me. Don't be such a chicken, Ashley. Keep going.
Once back in the bright sunlight, she felt better. It was probably an optical illusion; perhaps a tree, or something equally benign, she rationalized. As she got closer, she noticed a misty fog on the other side of the bridge settling in amongst the trees. It was moving across the ground, as though it were a living, breathing entity. Ashley had never seen fog like it before, and it was a bit unsettling. She was starting to think this hike might not have been the best idea. I hope I'm not going to be walking in that for the rest of the day. Ashley stopped in the middle of the bridge to watch the water rushing past beneath her and thought fleetingly about the legend of the bridge. It was merely folklore, nothing for her to worry about. She caressed the warm stones beneath her hands and enjoyed the sensation of the sun warming her face. How could it be so sunny in this spot and so foggy over there? Downstream, she could see woods on either side of the river. All was quiet, except for the sounds of the water and the birds singing excitedly in the trees. Ashley took a deep breath to calm her nerves and considered whether to continue into the fog. With the sun shining so brightly in the spot where she stood, she decided the fog must only be in that one area, and would give way to sunshine again once she was through the trees. She fought back the anxiety, which was threatening to make an appearance and ruin her day. Ashley studied the swirling mass of grey for a few moments before making her decision to try it.
She hadn't taken more than two steps when she heard the sound of rapid footsteps behind her. Before she could turn to look, something hit her from behind, and she found herself falling face first onto the gravel path. Adrenaline surged through her veins as she struggled to get the sudden weight off her back. She'd been right, there had been someone standing by the bridge, and they had been waiting for her. Ashley screamed loudly and shouted for help, before a hand covered her mouth. She was able to bite it and the hand disappeared. Ashley screamed again and managed to pull her arm out from beneath her body. She elbowed her attacker in the head and he rolled away, grunting in pain, giving her an opportunity to scramble to her feet. Her attacker was between her and the path back, with his face directed away from her. Ashley made a split second decision to head into the fog, thinking she stood a better chance if her assailant couldn't see her. She started to run for it, but he grabbed her ankle and tripped her again. "No! No! Come back here!" she heard him yell.
Ashley screamed again and suddenly remembered she had pepper spray in her jacket pocket, if she could only reach it. She managed to kick his hand away and got back to her feet. She had to fight back against this madman, and pepper spray would level the playing field. Ashley rummaged through her pocket and located the spray. She didn't get a good look at her attacker, but knew instinctively whom it was. The only person it could be; the one man who had been turning up unexpectedly ever since she'd arrived in Glendaloch. Suddenly he was right in front of her, grabbing at her arm and dragging her back across the bridge. Ashley could see him clearly now and her instincts had been correct. It was Teddy, and he had an iron grip on her arm. She tried to stay calm and do what she'd learned in self-defense classes, saying a silent thank you to her mother for insisting she attend them for safety's sake. As Teddy pulled her towards him, she stopped resisting and flew into his chest, hitting his shoulder. The combination of Teddy tugging on her arm and Ashley falling against him knocked him off his feet. Ashley had the advantage now, but knew it was only momentary. She sprayed him with the pepper spray and turned to run. The only option available was to run straight into that crazy swirling fog.

EIGHT
Cailin MacBayne sat atop his strong and dependable horse, Cadeyrn, camouflaged by the trees. He watched and waited. For the last few days, he'd been on a solitary scouting mission. A band of men, led by the Englishman, Sir Richard Jefford, had somehow slipped by Cailin's guards and had been raiding the MacKenzie clan's lands. They'd left a trail of burnt-out cottages and fields in their wake, as well as helping themselves to the clan livestock. Cailin felt personally responsible for these attacks. If he'd only been more vigilant, he may have been able to prevent them. He'd somehow missed these Sassenach marauders, as they made their way from one outlying crofter's cottage to another. Luckily, there had been no loss of life to this point, and for that, Cailin was grateful. Still, he felt it was his responsibility to locate Sir Richard, and return to Breaghacraig with information. Only then could the clan formulate a plan of attack. The head of the clan and Cailin's brother-in-law, Robert MacKenzie, had objected to Cailin's plan, so Cailin had stormed off on his own.
"Where are you going, Cailin?" Robert had demanded.
"If I can't go after Sir Richard, then I'm going to go hunting and while I'm off, I'll be thinking about why yer so stubborn."
"I dinnae believe I'm the stubborn one, Cailin! I'm concerned for yer well-being. If I let ye go and ye come to some harm, yer sister would have me head."
"Oh, so I see. 'Tis my sister who is the true laird of the clan!"
Robert sighed and Cailin knew the argument would not continue. "Do as I've told ye and stay away from Sir Richard! I've sent more of our best men off to guard our lands. He'll nae get past them," Robert said.
"I'll do as ye say, but I'm still going hunting," Cailin retorted.
Robert opened his mouth to respond, but Cailin beat him to it.
"Alone."
So Cailin had gone. He'd nae disobey his Laird, but while he was hunting, if he happened to come across Sir Richard, he'd be honor bound to spy on him and perhaps formulate a plan of attack.
As he waited in the forest, deep in thought, he went over the things he knew about these interlopers. He was sure they must have arrived by sea, as it would have taken them many weeks to ride from England to the Highlands, and they would have been forced to cross the lands of many clans in their travels. Nae an easy task and Cailin was positive the MacKenzie's would have been notified at once of their presence on other clan lands. He also knew they were stealing livestock to feed themselves. They'd been dining well, based on what he'd seen at their abandoned campsites. Still, it was a puzzle to him, as to where they had landed and what they planned to do next. He knew he was getting closer and was certain they were nearby. He decided to stay where he was and listen. A large group of men travelling in the vicinity would make enough noise for him to hear them, and allow him to follow behind without detection.
As Cailin waited, his ears perked up at what sounded like a woman screaming for help. He listened carefully and heard it again, this time paired with the sounds of a man's voice. Cailin spurred his horse in the direction of the screams. They grew louder as he rode and seemed to emanate from the fog at the mouth of the woods. He hoped it wasn't a trap. Nae matter what it was, a woman needed his help. As he rode through the strange fog, it cleared before him and he saw a young woman, dressed in tight fitting men's breeches. She was fighting off a man, who was much larger than she was and seemed determined to drag her away with him. The woman put up a good fight, and succeeded in knocking her attacker down. She held something in her hand, which sprayed a fine mist into the man's face. Whatever it was must be very painful, because the man rolled on the ground, shrieking in agony. She turned in Cailin's direction, and looked ready to run when the man scrambled to his feet and lunged towards her. Cailin had seen enough and took action; spurring his horse into a gallop.
The woman seemed startled by his appearance, but had the presence of mind to run to one side as Cailin rode by. With one arm, Cailin hit her attacker and sent him flying over the side of the bridge. He wheeled his horse back towards the woman, who stared at him in amazement. As he reached her, she turned and began to run away. Cailin leaned over the side of his horse, wrapped one strong arm around her waist, and hoisted her into the saddle, so that she ended up in his lap.
"Dinnae fash, lass. Yer safe now."
He held her close to his body and rode at breakneck speed, back through the fog before slowing Cadeyrn to a trot. He could feel the woman shaking and he spoke soft, soothing words into her ear.
Cailin rode a little further, before coming to a halt and moving the lass off his lap. He dismounted and reached up; encircling his hands around her waist, he easily lifted the young woman down from the horse.
"Did he hurt ye, lass?" he asked, examining her from head to toe.
"No, I'm fine. Thank you for saving me." She smiled up at him and he saw her expression change to one of surprise. "Grey eyes… it's you!" she said, and then she promptly fainted.
Cailin caught her before she hit the ground. Gently picking her up, he carried her into the shelter of the trees, Cadeyrn following obediently. Once assured they were safely hidden from anyone travelling the path, he found a small clearing and laid the woman down on the ground. He touched her cheek lightly with his fingers and gently brushed her hair back from her face.
She was a beauty. Dark auburn hair and before she'd fainted, light amber eyes had looked at him with familiarity. Why had she called him grey eyes? His eyes were grey, it was true, but she'd stared at him as if they'd met before and she was shocked to see him again. He didn't know what to do, or how to wake her, so he settled down next to her and waited. It gave him the opportunity to study her unabashedly. Her clothing was unusual for a woman, exposing so much skin. The scant piece of clothing covering her breasts left little to the imagination and the gap between it and her breeches displayed soft, womanly curves. He wanted very much to touch her, to see for himself just how soft her skin was, but he forced his mind away from those thoughts. Mayhap the man had taken her clothes. He'd be sure to ask her when she woke. Until then he was happy to sit back, gaze at her, and wait for her to awaken.

NINE
Ashley's eyes fluttered open and she suffered a moment of sheer panic. Where am I? What just happened? And then a gentle touch from a warm hand on her shoulder kept her from bolting.
"Are ye well then, lass?"
He was still there. Her knight in shining armor, who wasn't actually wearing shining armor, was gazing down at her. She wished he were still holding her against the warmth of his body. And that voice - the deep Scottish burr rumbled deep in his chest, sending pleasant vibrations rushing through her.
"Wow. You're even better looking in person." Ashley squeezed her eyes shut in dismay and embarrassment. Did I just say that aloud? He'll think I'm crazy.
The man watched her with a bewildered expression on his handsome face. She had to be dreaming. Ashley closed her eyes for a second and looked again. He was still there. She quickly glanced around and spoke to no one in particular. "I can't be awake. It's not possible."
"Ye are awake, lass. Dinnae fash; I willnae harm ye." It seemed the object of her imagination sensed her anxiety and wanted to put her at ease.
"Oh my, this is really weird."
"Weird?" He looked confused by the word - as though he'd never heard it used before.
"Never mind. I'm sorry; I seem to have forgotten my manners. Thank you again, for saving me. I don't know what would have happened if you didn't show up when you did." She shuddered at the thought.
"I heard yer screams and when I saw that man trying to run off with ye, I couldnae let him harm ye."
"And I thought chivalry was dead."
He cocked an eyebrow and tipped his head quizzically.
Ashley realized she was staring at him again, as if he were an apparition, and shook her head impatiently. "It's nothing really. My name is Ashley, by the way."
She held out her hand, but instead of shaking it, he merely held it gently in his much larger one. He looked as confused as Ashley felt.
"I'm pleased to meet ye, Ashley Bytheway. I am Cailin MacBayne of the Clan MacKenzie, at yer service." He lifted her hand to his lips and softly kissed it.
Ashley thought she might faint for a second time, but took a deep breath and tried to get her rebellious body under control.
"My last name is 'Moore', not 'by the way'. Ashley Moore," she laughed. "I love your accent."
"Accent?" He seemed puzzled again.
"Oh, I guess you don't have an accent, do you? I'm the one with the accent. This is your country after all."
"Are ye Sassenach, Ashley?"
"What is Sassenach?"
"Are ye English?"
"Oh… no, I'm American."
"American?" He raised one eyebrow in query, as if he'd never heard of the United States.
While she was certainly enjoying meeting the real Mr. Cailin MacBayne, something seemed a bit off. "I'm from America," she repeated with a cautious smile.
He frowned. "Where is America?"
"Really? You don't know where America is? Have you been living under a rock?"
"Nay, lass, I live in the castle at Breaghacraig."
"You live in a castle?"
"Aye."
It was Ashley's turn to look puzzled.
"Do ye nae have castles in America?" Cailin queried.
"Um, no, not really."
"Well, ye will see one soon enough."
"That sounds great, but maybe some other time. I really need to get back to the inn. I don't suppose you could take me there?" she asked hopefully. Maybe she could buy Cailin dinner to thank him properly for his help. She'd enjoy the opportunity to get to know him a bit better. After all, she'd travelled all this way, in hopes of meeting her mystery man. She still couldn't believe he was standing here, right in front of her.
Just then, Cailin put his finger to his lips, motioning for her to be quiet as he listened carefully for something she hadn't heard. Ashley looked around, but saw and heard nothing. Cailin stood up and reaching for her hand, strode along silently, taking her with him.
Ashley wondered where they were going. Although she'd only just met him, she was not in the least bit apprehensive about following Cailin. Instead, she was busy wondering what it would be like to kiss this gorgeous man. Was he searching for a spot where they'd have a bit more privacy? I really need to get my mind out of the gutter. Ashley mentally shook herself - what was she thinking? It was simply not in her nature to kiss some guy she had just met only moments before, no matter how gorgeous he was.
Gripping Ashley's hand, Cailin crept further into the trees and hid them both beside a large boulder. To Ashley's ears it was still quiet in the surrounding area, but suddenly she picked up the sound of voices and undergrowth breaking beneath the hooves of horses, which were coming this way. Cailin motioned for her to stay behind the boulder, while he pulled his horse further into the bushes and out of sight.
Ashley didn't have a good feeling about the situation. The little hairs on the back of her neck were standing at attention. It seemed to be taking Cailin a long time to return, and she was getting increasingly more nervous. If she could just see where he was, she'd feel better.
Ashley moved out of her hiding place in search of him. When she caught sight of Cailin, he was crouched low to the ground, and rushing back towards her. Ashley still wasn't sure what was happening, but she was going to figure it out. She had opened her mouth to question what was wrong, when Cailin grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back behind the boulder. Ashley was about to protest when she heard a whizzing sound and something flew past her head. Whatever it was, it hit Cailin in the shoulder, knocking him backwards. He went down hard, landing on his back and hitting his head on one of the large rocks that littered the ground.
Ashley stifled a scream, slapping her hand over her mouth, and scrambled on hands and knees to Cailin's side.
"Oh, my God! Cailin, are you alright?" It was obvious he wasn't all right, he had what appeared to be an arrow sticking out of his shoulder, which was bleeding profusely, and he was out cold. Ashley knew instinctively that she had to get him some help, or he could die. She scanned the area helplessly, trying to figure out what to do, where to go. Surprisingly, she still had the backpack, but she doubted snacks would be of any use right now.
Why was someone out in the woods, shooting arrows at them? This must be some terrible mistake. Maybe they were hunters and they'd mistaken Cailin and herself for deer. She had to locate the hunters and ask for their assistance. She darted out into the clearing, just as a group of riders came crashing through the trees. They barely came to a stop at her sudden appearance, almost running her down.
Before her stood a dozen or more men on horseback, all dressed as if they were going to attend a Renaissance Faire. Ashley craned her head back to look up at them. The horses were enormous and the men riding them were tall and heavily muscled. The leader stood out among the men, his fine clothing and 'in charge' demeanor giving him away. He sat atop an eighteen hand black stallion that was pinning his ears and gnashing his teeth at her. Ashley tried to appear brave as she grabbed the bridle, so the horse wouldn't knock her over with his nose.
"Well, well, what have we here?" the leader spoke with an English accent and leered at her.
"You shot my friend, Cailin and he needs help," Ashley forced a calm tone and revealed little of the anxiety she was feeling. "He's bleeding badly."
A brief flash of recognition crossed the man's face and then it was gone. "Oh, my, how did that happen?" He looked at the men around him, who just laughed, really ticking Ashley off.
"Where are your clothes, my dear?" he continued. "We heard your screams and we were riding to your rescue. Was Cailin having his way with you?" The stranger still had a lecherous expression on his face, as he perused her body from top to bottom. He was seriously frightening.
Despite her discomfort over what the man might be capable of, Ashley's patience was wearing thin, and her concern for Cailin overrode her fear. "Don't be a dumb ass. Cailin saved me from Teddy."
"Does Teddy have your clothes then, my dear?"
"Look, I'm not 'your dear' and I'm wearing my clothes. You idiots," she waved her arm to encompass all of them, "are out here, parading around in your fancy costumes and shooting people with real arrows." She obviously wasn't winning this guy over, because he looked reasonably angry right now. Maybe she shouldn't have called him a dumb ass. "Look, I'm sorry; I'm just upset. Please," she pleaded, "I need your help." She was on the verge of tears, but she was not going to let this jerk see her cry.
"What's your name?" he demanded.
"Ashley."
"Thomas," the apparent leader turned and addressed the man on his right. "I'm sure you'd be happy to take care of our friend, Cailin, and then escort the lovely Ashley out of harm's way." He had an evil grin plastered across his face and Ashley wasn't sure what to make of him. Could she trust him? She didn't think so, but she really had no choice.
"Yes, Sir Richard, as you wish," the other man nodded curtly.
With that, everyone but Thomas rode off through the trees, leaving Ashley in their wake.

TEN
Where Sir Richard had been the epitome of tall, dark and handsome, Thomas was not graced with the same features. He was a tall, wiry man with mousy brown hair and a pock marked face. His nose appeared to have been broken at least once or twice and when he smiled at Ashley, his teeth were rotten. He smelled as if he could use a good bath.
"He's over here." Ashley said, leading Thomas to where Cailin still lay. "Hurry, we need to get him to a hospital. Maybe between the two of us, we could get him onto his horse." She shook her head. "I can't believe your boss just rode off like that. He could've helped us."
"Quiet, woman. Your words make no sense to me. Have you been hit on the head," he growled angrily.
"No… well, at least I don't think so." Although that might help explain this crazy situation she found herself in.
"There is no need for Sir Richard's help. I'll take care of Cailin as Sir Richard requested, and when I'm done I will enjoy some time with you, before I deliver you to Sir Richard." Thomas leered rapaciously.
Ashley was stunned into silence. She needed to keep her guard up and be prepared for anything.
Thomas dismounted and headed straight for Cailin. Ashley hoped he had some medical knowledge, but she quickly realized that wasn't the case when he grabbed Cailin by the hair, lifting his head from the ground.
"Cailin, my friend," Thomas sneered as he crouched down beside him. "This has been a long time coming." He pulled out a small, sharp dagger and Ashley knew this had all gone terribly wrong.
Not stopping to think about her actions, she launched herself at Thomas, kicking at the hand holding the knife. It went flying through the air when Ashley landed on Thomas' back. He stood and swatted her off his back, as if she were an annoying fly. Ashley rolled across the ground and scrambled back onto her feet. She only hoped she could keep this guy from killing Cailin, which was obviously what Sir Richard had meant by 'take care of'. Then she remembered her secret weapon and reached for the pepper spray.
Thomas had retrieved the knife and stalked towards Cailin. It was now or never. Ashley ran up behind him, calling his name. "Thomas, wait!" When he turned to look at her, Ashley sprayed him in the eyes with pepper spray. If she weren't so terrified, she would have thought the expression on his face was comical. Ashley used all her might to push her flattened palm into his previously broken nose, breaking it one more time. Blood poured from his nostrils and with his eyes swollen shut, he was going to be easy to take down. He was walking in circles with his arms spread outwards, trying to find her, and calling her all sorts of nasty names. Ashley stayed cautiously behind him, trying to decide her next move. Whatever it was, she needed to move quickly and she needed to incapacitate him so she could get Cailin out of here. Spying a good-sized rock laying at her feet, Ashley hoisted it over her head with both hands and brought it crashing down on Thomas' skull, sending him falling hard to the ground. She nudged him with her foot to be certain he was unconscious.
"He should be out for a while, but we need to get out of here now," she said, talking to herself.
Shaking and nauseous, Ashley ran to Cailin's side. His eyes were open and though in obvious pain he gave her a reassuring grin.
"I saw what ye did. Yer a brave lass." He was struggling to speak. "Thank ye. Ye saved me life."
"Well, I guess we're even then. We need to get out of here before he wakes up. Can you stand?"
"Aye, but first ye'll need to get the arrow out."
"Really?" Ashley stared at him in disbelief.
"If ye dinnae get it out, I ken I'll nae make it verra far."
Okay… you can do this Ashley. You can do this. She had seen movies and television shows, where arrows had to be removed to save a person's life. Not that you could count on Hollywood to be your guide in a real life situation, but it was all she had to go on. She looked around, as if something might magically appear to make the job easier. She continued mumbling her mantra. "You can do this, Ashley. You can do this." It was something she always did when she found herself in difficult situations, a coping mechanism.
Cailin was watching her with those incredible silvery grey eyes. God, he was gorgeous. Ashley shook her head, mentally slapping herself. What was she thinking? There was no time for this right now.
Trying not to increase the pain Cailin was suffering, she carefully placed her hands around the arrow shaft, intending to snap it off from the piece embedded in his shoulder, but it wouldn't cooperate. Cailin was gritting his teeth to keep from crying out in pain. Ashley let go of the arrow shaft, glancing at the backpack again. It couldn't hurt to see what was inside it, besides copious amounts of food. Maybe there'd be something helpful.
She opened the flap and under her t-shirt, was surprised to see all sorts of useful equipment. Had they been in there all along? She hadn't taken an inventory when she stuffed her t-shirt in earlier. God bless Mrs. Campbell! She had filled the backpack with a first aid kit, a utility knife - complete with a whole set of tools, and a large bottle of hand sanitizer.
Feeling more confident, Ashley washed her hands with the hand sanitizer. She used the utility knife to cut through the arrow shaft and then, helping Cailin to roll on his side, she gripped the arrow tip and pulled it out. The wound started to bleed in earnest and she pulled her spare t-shirt from the bag. Using the knife again, Ashley cut the material into strips, saving one large piece to wipe away the blood. She located a bottle of water in the pack and wet the cloth, carefully wiping the entry and exit wounds. Once that was done, she swabbed the whole area with hand sanitizer, packed the wound with gauze and then wrapped it with an ace bandage from the first aid kit. She managed to fashion a sling out of the t-shirt strips, and got Cailin's arm stabilized so it wouldn't put pressure on his wounded shoulder.
Satisfied with her first aid efforts, Ashley ran and grabbed the horses' bridles, and retrieved Thomas' knife. "Cailin, can you ride?"
"Aye," he groaned.
"If you can't, I'll guide the horse and you can lean on me."
"Nae," Cailin protested. "Yer a wee lass, I dinnae wish to hurt ye."
"Don't worry about that, we need to get out of here. Use that boulder to mount your horse." She helped him up and put her arm around his waist to guide him to the large rock. Standing by his side, she watched him get on his horse and was satisfied he could hold himself upright.
"Can ye get up behind me, lass?"
"I'm going to ride our friend's horse. No point leaving it behind for him. We don't want him following us, now do we?" She offered him a dazzling smile. "And I've got his knife." Ashley was feeling quite pleased with herself. She wasn't sure where this new braver, bolder Ashley had been hiding, but she was glad she'd shown up today.
Cailin was gazing at her with admiration. "Lass, yer a wonder. Ye've been through two battles today, saved my life and taken charge of our escape. Yer bonny, smart, and strong."
The heat of a blush covered Ashley's face. "We should get going."
Cailin led the way and Ashley followed behind him, on Thomas' big grey.
"Are ye well, Ashley?"
"Yes." She pulled her horse alongside his. "Don't worry about me. I haven't ridden in ages, but I guess it's like riding a bike. Once you know how, you never forget."
He was wearing that same, puzzled expression again and Ashley cocked her head to one side. "You do know what a bike is, don't you?"
"I'm afraid not, lass."
"Hmmm… Is there a hospital nearby? We should really get you there." Ashley was worried. He'd hit his head pretty hard. Maybe he had a concussion. That could explain a lot.
"Dinnae look at me like I'm daft again, but I dinnae ken what a hospital is."
"Maybe you use another word for it. Where do you take people when they're sick?"
"We dinnae take them anywhere. The healer comes to them."
"Is the healer nearby?"
"Nae. She's at Breaghacraig."
"How far is that from here?"
"We'll have to find a place to stay for the night and then it's a half day's ride tomorrow."
He definitely has a concussion; he's not making any sense at all. There had to be some place nearby, but she certainly didn't know her way around these parts, so she had to rely on Cailin. Besides, they needed to put distance between themselves and Thomas.

ELEVEN
Darkness was quickly approaching and Ashley was getting worried. Why hadn't she insisted they head back to Glendaloch? She'd just followed his lead, assuming they'd reach civilization quickly. Now after hours in the saddle, Cailin, who had struggled to stay upright, was looking very tired and his eyes were getting glassy.
"We need to get you off the horse so you can rest. Is there somewhere nearby we can stop?"
"Aye. There's a hunting lodge nae far from here. We can stay the night there."
That's a relief, Ashley thought. Hopefully someone there could help them.
Cailin seemed to be getting weaker and it was obvious to the both of them. Suddenly he spoke. "Ashley Moore, tell me of America."
"Well, Cailin MacBayne," she teased, "I'm from America as I've told you. Specifically I'm from California and I live in the city of San Francisco."
"San Francisco… 'tis Spanish,' he stated. "So America is near Spain?"
"No. Not even close." He must be pulling her leg, but she'd go along with the joke if it kept him upright on that horse. "It's actually the United States of America and it's on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean. My state, California, is all the way over on the other coast, by the Pacific Ocean." She continued with the geography lesson and told him about her life in San Francisco, her friends and anything else she could think of to take his mind off his shoulder. "I'm probably talking too much, huh?" They both knew she was trying to keep him from passing out.
"I dinnae ken half of what ye say, but I like the sound of yer voice. 'Tis pleasing to me ears."
Ashley could feel herself blushing and hoped Cailin wouldn't notice.
The path they were on finally widened out and she could see a dark building off to the side. It was partially hidden by the trees and brush, but it was definitely there.
"Cailin, is this the lodge?" Disappointment weighed her down at the thought of no help. This wasn't the type of lodge she'd imagined. No front desk. No room service. No help. It was merely a place for hunters to take shelter when away from home.
"Aye, 'tis."
Ashley dismounted and quickly strode across to Cailin's horse, wondering how she was going to get him down. Before she could work out a plan, Cailin threw his leg over the horse and landed on his backside.
"Are you okay?" Ashley ran to help him up.
"Dinnae fash, lass, it would take more than a fall on me arse to do me harm," he grumbled as he got to his feet.
"Like an arrow." She raised an eyebrow and pointed at his shoulder.
He smiled down at her and it took her breath away. Ashley could stare up at him all night, but he obviously needed to lie down. She was going to have to take charge and focus on what needed to be done. She opened the door to the lodge and peered into the darkened interior. Looking through the backpack she located a flashlight, which she used to illuminate the room. There was a bed in one corner, a chair, and a small table by a fireplace. The floor was compressed dirt. Ashley led Cailin to the bed, such as it was. It was little more than a pallet of straw, covered by a tattered cloth.
"Lie down before you fall again. I'll be right back. I'm going to take care of the horses and find something to start a fire."
He was starting to drift off on her already. She needed to get everything taken care of in a hurry, and she'd need to change those bandages again.
Ashley headed back outside. Her stomach was grumbling and she realized she hadn't eaten anything all day. She quickly unsaddled the horses and left them to graze. She hoped they wouldn't wander too far, but she had bigger problems to deal with. She picked up some kindling from the ground around the outside of the lodge and found some cut logs beside the door. She brought it all inside and realized she didn't have anything to start a fire.
"Where's my magic backpack?" she muttered. Ashley found it by the door, where she'd left it on the way in. Searching through it, she found some matches. You would think Mrs. Campbell knew exactly what I was going to need when she packed for me.
Ashley got a fire started and went to check on Cailin. He wasn't looking well. His eyes were closed and she felt bad for disturbing him, but she needed to change his bandages. She gathered her supplies and started to work, grateful when he mercifully slept through it.
Her stomach rumbled again, reminding Ashley to eat. She checked the backpack and found a few sandwiches and scones, or what had been scones - now they were more like scone crumbs. The contents of the backpack had gotten a bit smashed during the day's activities. She also found some fruit, candy, granola bars, and more bottled water. Searching further, she found aspirin and a medicine bottle from the apothecary. Ashley read the label and gasped. Antibiotics! They belonged to Angus and the prescription had been filled the day before. Mrs. Campbell must have accidentally dropped them into the backpack, but thank goodness, she had. They would go a long way towards knocking out any infection, which might be brewing in Cailin's shoulder.
She hurriedly ate one of the sandwiches, and drank some bottled water before giving Cailin some aspirin and an antibiotic. She had to rouse him and prop him up to get him to take the tablets. "Just put them in your mouth and wash them down with the water."
Cailin did as she requested and sank back on the bed, shivering violently. It would take a while for the aspirin to kick in, but Ashley needed to get him warm in the meantime.
She searched through the backpack, looking for something she could use and located an emergency metallic blanket in the front pocket. It would help, but it would be nice to locate another blanket as well. She suddenly thought of the saddle packs, and went outside to check them. Luckily, Cailin's had a length of plaid fabric she could use. "Welcome to Scotland," she mused to herself as she tucked the material under her arm.
Back inside, the fire was beginning to warm the room nicely. Ashley threw a few more logs into the hearth and hurried back to Cailin. Climbing onto the bed beside him, she covered them both with the blanket and the plaid. She didn't want to think about what might be crawling around in the straw beneath them and hoped the cloth covering would keep any creepy crawlies contained. She snuggled up next to Cailin to share her body heat.
Thinking back over the day, she was struggling to believe what had happened. Lying next to Cailin, she rested her hand on his chest. She was tempted to run her fingers over the hard contours of his well-muscled form, but controlled the urge. After all, he was injured and out of it currently - it hardly seemed the time to start groping him. He was definitely a gorgeous man though. The most gorgeous man she had ever seen. He put the guys she knew back home to shame. His long black hair hung loose past his shoulders… massive shoulders, which led to bulging biceps and further down to strong, beautiful hands. Thank goodness he was asleep, so he couldn't see her examining what was undoubtedly an amazingly hot bod. Ashley was experiencing a sensation that had evaded her for years, and recognized she was totally turned on by this guy. Get your mind out of the gutter. Once you get him back to his home, you have to return to Glendaloch. Besides this was hardly the time or place to be thinking about Cailin as prospective boyfriend material.
Ashley had taken this trip to find her true self. Well, if she was honest with herself, she had come to find Cailin. Now that she had, second thoughts were insinuating their way into her brain. There had been too many disappointments after Dax dumped her. Ashley needed to find out what it was, that drew her to guys who were only interested in her for one thing. She laughed at her own naiveté. She always searched for the good in people; trusting them before they deserved her faith, and she'd paid the price for it. She wouldn't let it happen again, and she shouldn't be thinking of this man as anything more than the guy who'd rescued her from Teddy. She shouldn't be, but she was. Ashley sighed and offered up a prayer for Cailin to be better in the morning, and then she fell asleep.
*****
Ashley woke during the night and managed to rouse Cailin enough to give him more aspirin. He seemed more comfortable and no longer shivered. When she lay down again, Cailin wrapped his good arm around her back and drew her closer to his side. God, he smelled good… it was a smell she'd become familiar with, after seeing him so often at home. Pine, leather, wood smoke, and horses. Don't read too much into this, she warned herself. He doesn't even know you're here.

TWELVE
The sun shining through the windows woke Ashley the following morning, and it took a minute to remember where she was. When recollection came, she sat up and studied the room. It didn't look much better in the light of day. She checked the fire, which was now just a bunch of ash and embers in the hearth. The morning was chilly and she was about to get up when Cailin's arm coiled around her and pulled her back down to him. He was muttering something she couldn't understand, but she certainly didn't mind her head resting on his solid chest. She could hear his heart beating a steady rhythm beneath her ear, and she gave in to the urge to wrap her arm around his waist and for good measure her leg possessively over his thighs. This is very nice. I could stay like this forever.
Ashley became acutely aware that Cailin was waking up in more than one way, and she silently cursed herself. What had she been thinking? The last thing she needed was an aroused Highlander on her hands, especially since she was lying next to him in a very suggestive manner. Realizing her mistake, Ashley tried to pull away. She really needed to get up, get the fire going again, and then find a place to relieve herself. Cailin tightened his grip on her and in a husky voice said, "Nae, dinnae go. Please stay."
"I'm not leaving, Cailin. I just need to tend the fire and go outside for a minute," she stammered. "Cailin, can you hear me?"
Slowly he opened his eyes. They were mesmerizing and she couldn't look away. Her stomach did a little flip flop.
"Ye took care of me," he said. "I thank ye."
"You're very welcome. It was the least I could do. Now, will you let me get up, so I can keep taking care of you?"
Instead of releasing her, Cailin pulled her closer and much to her surprise, he kissed her full on the lips. It was an amazing kiss, his lips were so soft and sweet. They lingered on hers briefly, before he deepened the kiss. Ashley found herself kissing him back, with more passion than she had shown for anyone in a long time. It felt so good, but she knew it was wrong. She hardly knew this guy, if you didn't count all the times she'd seen him back home. As much as she wanted to go on kissing Cailin, she pushed away from him and ran out of the lodge like a frightened rabbit, forgetting all about the fire.
*****
Cailin chuckled at the sight of Ashley running from the lodge. She was certainly special; he could see that. He'd be kissing her again soon, of that he was sure.
Where had she come from, he wondered. She had a funny way of speaking, and he didn't understand much of what she said. She spoke of many things he was unfamiliar with; she dressed in an unladylike fashion and yet didn't seem the least bit embarrassed by it. Truth be told, he found it most attractive. He could see every curve of her figure very clearly and he enjoyed what he saw.
Cailin had been with many women over the years, and he had never been interested in getting to know any of them better than was required to bed them. He had a reputation amongst the women of the neighboring clans. There were many who wished to marry him, but none held his heart and not one compared to Ashley Moore. She piqued his curiosity. She was bonny, smart, and brave, but he could tell she didn't think of herself as having any of those attributes. He'd been aware of her beside him all night and when she had thrown her leg over him, it had been all he could do, not to climb atop her and make her his own. He hadn't wanted to frighten her though, so he'd had to be satisfied with a kiss.
*****
Once outside, Ashley had to lean against the side of the lodge, because her traitorous legs had turned to jelly. Get it together, Ashley. It's not like this is the first time you've ever kissed a man. But it was the first time she'd ever imagined she could drown in a kiss. It took a few minutes to get herself under control, and then, taking a deep breath, she took care of the necessities and returned inside. She grabbed the medication and water and brought them across to Cailin.
"What magic do ye give me?"
"Magic? It's not magic, only aspirin for aches, pains and fever and antibiotics for infection." She explained how Mrs. Campbell had packed a bag for her, somehow including everything she had needed. "It's like she's psychic."
Cailin latched onto the only thing she said, which he'd understood. "Are ye one of the Campbell clan then?"
"The Campbell clan… no. I'm just a tourist, travelling through Scotland. The Campbell's are the owners of The Thistle and Hive. That's where I'm staying." When Ashley glanced up, he was examining the plastic water bottle she held in her hand. "You look like you've never seen a plastic bottle before."
"Nae, I havnae. I dinnae ken yer language, lass, or yer ways. Yer nae like any woman I have ever known."
"I'm a bit confused by you as well."
He smiled and she melted yet again. At this rate, she was going to be nothing but a puddle on the floor. He had to be the most beautiful man she had ever seen. He was well over six feet tall, had a body like a Greek god and she thought his jet-black hair would be soft and silky to touch. And those eyes, she could get lost in them. They were the color of clouds on a stormy day, with a hint of blue to soften them. He truly was the man of her dreams, come to life. She was still having a hard time believing it and had no idea how it had even happened, but living proof was right in front of her. Was it fate, which had brought them together? Confusion was causing her brain to have crazy thoughts of the two of them building a life together in a quaint little cottage here in the Highlands. A home filled with children, laughter, and most of all love. She forced herself from the daydream, knowing this was not the time or place for those thoughts. Her main objective had to be getting Cailin home.
"Do you think you're up to riding today, or should we stay here for one more night?"
"I'll be fine, lass. Dinnae fash."
"That means worry, doesn't it? Do not worry." Ashley smiled, when she figured it out.
"Aye. Can ye help me up, lass?"
"Sure. No problem."
Ashley suspected that he didn't really need her help, but she wasn't about to pass up an opportunity to touch him again and slipped her arm around his lean waist.
Ashley gently helped him into a sitting position and watched him for a minute, fearing he might feel weak or dizzy. He sat with his legs spread wide and his elbows on his knees, holding his head in his hands.
Concerned, she took a spot next to Cailin on the bed and placed her hand against his forehead, checking for a fever. She was relieved to find no sign.
"Are you okay? Do you think you can stand?"
"Aye."
She assisted him to his feet and guided him towards the door. "Wait here for me." Ashley quickly gathered their belongings and ensured the fire was out. Turning back to the door, she took his elbow and guided him outside.
"I should have gotten the horses before I made you get up. I'm sorry." She searched the surrounding area frantically. The horses were nowhere in sight. "Speaking of which, where are they?"
"Cade!" Cailin called out and then whistled loudly. Ashley heard the sound of horses running towards them and the two horses quickly came into view.
She rapidly saddled both horses, while Cailin leaned against the lodge wall. When Ashley looked his way, she could have sworn he was enjoying the sight of her working so hard. He didn't look too bad this morning, but then again, she couldn't imagine him ever looking bad. She couldn't expect him to help in his condition, so she did her best to prepare everything for their journey to Breaghacraig.
Ashley saw the desire in his eyes and it touched her very core, causing her to flush red with the heat, which suddenly coursed through her body. "Why are you looking at me like that?" she demanded.
"I'm sorry, lass. I'm nae used to seeing a woman as bonnie as ye are, dressed in such wee breeches. Do ye nae have a gown to cover yerself?"
She was baffled and irritated by the commentary over her clothing. "No. I wear these all the time back home. I didn't realize there was a dress code in Scotland."
A smile played at his lips as Cailin tipped his head to the side and let his eyes wander over Ashley, from head to toe.
"I think we're ready to go." She tucked the plaid back into Cailin's saddlebag. "Are you hungry?"
"Aye, I am."
Catching the roguish smile on his face and the way his eyes were glued to hers, Ashley blushed as she realized he wasn't referring to food.
"Here, have a granola bar." She opened the wrapper and handed it to him. Distraction was her friend.
Examining the bar, Cailin looked at her for a moment before he took a bite. A smile lit his face as he chewed. "'Tis good," he announced, examining the wrapper.
Oh, God, she thought. He's never had a granola bar before. Something wasn't adding up here. Perhaps she'd stumbled on some Scottish religious sect, which lived a simple life without modern conveniences - like the Amish. Or maybe they were all living history re-enactors, like those she'd seen at the Plymouth Plantation. "Are you for real?" she questioned disbelievingly.
Cailin raised an eyebrow. "Real? I'm a living, breathing man, as ye can see, lass."
"That's not what I meant." Ashley shook her head impatiently. "Never mind, we should go."
They mounted the horses, eyeing one another uncertainly. Travelling along in silence, each was lost in their own thoughts.
Ashley had the strangest feeling, which she kept pushing to the back of her mind. How could anyone living in the 21st century, be so clueless about so many things? Cailin didn't know where America was, he'd never heard of a bike or a hospital, and he'd examined the bottle of water and granola bar as if he'd never seen them before.
Maybe he wasn't from the 21st century. Maybe he was a time traveler.
She shook her head at the notion. It was completely ridiculous. No one could travel to another time, and she was definitely losing it. And what about Sir Richard and Thomas, where had they come from? They knew Cailin, but had wanted to kill him. All parties had commented on her clothing, or in their eyes, her lack of clothing. Ashley didn't like the conclusion she was reaching, so she decided to stash it away in her head and see what would reveal itself when she got Cailin to his home.
"Cailin?"
"Aye, lass."
She loved the way he called her 'lass'. "Why did Sir Richard and that Thomas guy try to kill you?"
"They're nae fond of me clan. Thomas has hard feelings towards me, for reasons that make nae sense and Sir Richard is a vengeful man. He's sent raiding parties onto our lands, which slip in and out before we can stop them. I was tracking them to see what they were about. We must stop them, before they kill someone. When I get back to Breaghacraig, we'll ride out against them."
"Why don't you just call the police or Scotland Yard for help?"
He was looking at her again, with that 'what on earth are you talking about' expression, but instead of questioning her he just said, "We dinnae need help."
"I see."

THIRTEEN
After hours of riding through the most beautiful countryside Ashley had ever seen, they crested the top of a hill and Cailin stopped. Ashley followed suit and was awestruck by the view. Below them, lay a beautiful green valley dotted here and there with small cottages, smoke rising from the chimneys. Cows and sheep were scattered across the green grassy fields. She breathed in sharply when she noticed the most amazing castle on the other side of the valley. It was breathtaking. Perched atop a rocky cliff, it was surrounded on three sides by water.
"Wow." was all she managed to say.
Cailin smiled proudly as he looked down at his home. Ashley thought, for some reason, it was important to him what she thought of it.
"Do ye like it, lass?" he asked, confirming her suspicions.
"Yes. It's beautiful."
Looking around, Ashley realized there were no paved roads leading to the castle. All the castles she'd seen so far on her trip to Scotland had been tourist destinations. How did people get to this one? There were no cars, no tour buses visible and now that she thought about it, she hadn't seen or heard any planes overhead. Her mind started heading towards the place she didn't want to go.
"Come, lass. They'll be waiting."
"Who'll be waiting? How do they know we're coming?"
"My family and my men. They've been expecting me back. They'll see us as we approach."
They rode down into the valley and people came out of their cottages to greet Cailin. As they approached the only entrance to the castle, someone called to Cailin from the walls above. Cailin waved and called back a greeting. The gates opened wide, to let them inside the thick walls.
The castle was even bigger than it had appeared from the hillside. They rode into a courtyard, filled with people dressed in medieval costumes. The men looked fierce, some wearing kilts, and others in tight fitting breeches. Every man was shirtless and engaged in some form of combat on an open patch of ground inside the walls. They didn't seem to be hurting each other, so Ashley assumed it was just a show. They were probably practicing for when the tour buses arrived. The women's clothing varied, from the simple dresses of those who appeared to be servants, to the intricately detailed gown of the woman approaching them at a run.
"Cailin! Yer hurt! Cormac!" she called. "Help yer brother!"
A man bearing a resemblance to Cailin came bounding across the courtyard, concern in his eyes. "Cailin, are ye well?"
"Aye. I'm fine."
"What happened to ye?"
As Cailin explained everything, Ashley sat stock still on top of her horse. No one had noticed her yet, or so she thought, and she liked it that way. Looking around at the people and the castle, she felt very out of place. She was surrounded by high stone walls. She'd done some research on medieval castles, and she believed they were called the curtain walls. Ashley saw stables off to her right and more buildings off to the left. Directly in front of her, stood a five-story keep. It was incredibly authentic. Even though she knew it to be a medieval castle, it did not appear to be old. Maybe it was a replica, which had only been built recently.
Cailin had completed his story and raised his hand towards Ashley. "This be Ashley Moore. Ashley, this be me sister, Irene and me brother, Cormac. Irene is married to Robert MacKenzie, laird of Breaghacraig."
"Thank ye, Ashley, for saving our brother. We'd nae want to lose him," Irene said.
"Aye, 'tis true." Cormac added. He reached up and lifted her down from her horse, much to her surprise. Ashley noticed both Cormac and his sister were eyeing her curiously.
"Thank you, but you really didn't need to help me," Ashley said. "I could've dismounted on my own."
With her back to the horse, Cailin, Irene and Cormac formed a wall around Ashley, much to her annoyance. She could see very little beyond the three of them and wanted to see more of her surroundings.
Irene took charge. "Cormac, take Cailin in and find Helene. Tell her what happened and see that she gathers everything Ann should need to care for his wound. I will find some appropriate clothing for Ashley to wear and introduce her to Robert and the children at the evening meal. He'll wish to thank her for her assistance."
"No need to worry about me," Ashley blurted indignantly. "I'm fine with what I'm wearing."
"Ye may be fine, but the men willnae be," Irene retorted sharply. She grabbed Ashley's hand and started to pull her along, leaving the two men behind.
As they walked, Ashley noticed the men in the yard staring, looking her over from head to toe, elbowing, and commenting to one another. It was as if she were on display, as though she was walking around in her underwear. No one had ever paid much attention to her back home when she was out in her workout clothes.
Irene scolded the men. "Ye surely have other things to do! Put yer eyes back in yer heads and get back to it!"
The men shuffled uncomfortably, lowering their gazes as if they had been firmly put in their place, but Irene apparently wasn't taking any chances, tugging at Ashley's hand. "Quickly, Ashley, let's get ye inside."
*****
Once through the oversized wooden doors, Irene continued to bark out orders. "Margaret, prepare quarters for Lady Ashley. Get the boys to bring hot water for a bath, then go to my room and find a gown. Bring it to Lady Ashley's room. I will help her dress."
"You don't have to go to so much trouble on my account. I can't stay here, anyway," Ashley protested.
Irene stopped dead in her tracks, and appeared perplexed by Ashley's statement. "You can't leave. 'Twill be dark soon and ye would need an escort. Where did ye need to go?"
"I have to get back to Glendaloch. Mrs. Campbell will be worried about me. I should have gotten back from my hike last night."
Irene frowned. "Glendaloch? I've never heard of a place bearing that name. Is it far away?"
This seemed more and more like an increasingly bad dream. "It's back by the bridge, where Cailin found me."
"That is a good distance from here, from what Cailin told us. I'm afraid ye may be here a while. We need to get Cailin well, and then there's the problem of Sir Richard. Ye would not be safe out there."
"I need to contact Mrs. Campbell and reassure her I'm okay. Do you have a phone I could use?"
Irene stared at her, as if she had grown another head.
"I guess not," Ashley sighed in defeat.
Irene was right; she was going to need help to return to the inn. She'd seen for herself the kind of crazy people who lurked in the woods between here and Glendaloch. Besides, Mrs. Campbell was probably searching for her already, so it couldn't be too long before they'd locate her and everything would be fine.
*****
Teddy raced into the inn, shouting urgently for Edna. His clothes were soaking wet and blood was dripping from his forehead..
Edna rushed across to him, searching his eyes anxiously. "Teddy, dear, what has happened to you?"
"I couldn't stop her, Edna! She crossed the bridge when the fog was there. I tried to stop her, but the Highlander took her!"
"Calm yourself, Teddy! It's all right, you tried," Edna soothed.
"You told me to stop her if the fog was there! I tried, I really did." Teddy was almost inconsolable.
"Teddy, dear, how did you get so wet and what happened to your head?" Edna questioned, drawing him gently towards the fireplace.
"The Highlander threw me over the bridge, straight into the stream. I slipped when I climbed up the bank and hit my head. And Ashley sprayed my eyes with something verra hot!"
"Oh, Teddy, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for you to get hurt. Come, let me take care of you."
Angus joined them and silently questioned his wife about what had happened with a raised eyebrow.
"Ashley crossed the bridge," Edna said quietly.
Angus Campbell simply shook his head and walked away.

FOURTEEN
Ashley knew she was losing it. She was too terrified of the answer, to ask Irene what year it was. She was sure she didn't want to know, but with all signs pointing to medieval Scotland, she feared she was losing her mind. The castle was certainly authentic. The limestone walls and floors were covered with beautiful tapestries and rugs. The halls were lit with torches and the great room held an enormous candle-filled chandelier. There wasn't a sign of electricity being available.
The choices were limited. Either this was an amazingly accurate replica of a medieval Scottish castle, or it was a real medieval Scottish castle. Ashley's head seemed about to explode with the crazy thoughts she was thinking.
Irene showed Ashley to her room, which was easily four times the size of her bedroom in San Francisco. It might even be as big as her entire apartment. A deep tub had been placed in front of a roaring fireplace and a brigade of boys filled it with buckets full of hot water.
Ashley was utterly shell-shocked and from the expression of concern on Irene's face, she could plainly see it.
"A hot bath will work wonders for ye, Ashley. Take yer time and relax. I've left a cloth for ye to dry yourself with." She handed Ashley a bar of soap, which smelled heavenly. "There is a gown on the bed. I'll be back to help ye into it."
"Thank you, Irene. I'm at a loss for words and if you knew me well enough, you'd know how unusual that is."
Irene simply nodded as she headed for the door.
"Irene, before you go, is Cailin going to be okay?"
"I was just going to go check on him. I'll let you know when I return."
Irene left Ashley alone and staring at the tub in dismay. She never took baths at home, preferring a quick shower as it more suited her busy life.
"Well, I guess I'd better get in, before it cools off," Ashley muttered. She removed her clothes and eased into the heavenly warm water, laying back and resting her head just below the rim. The water eased her mind and soothed her sore muscles. She was bruised and sore from the scuffles with Teddy and Thomas, and her backside and legs ached after hours in the saddle.
Ashley wondered if she'd hit her head at the bridge and was unconscious or even hallucinating; but deep down she knew that wasn't the case and she'd somehow managed to transport herself back in time to the medieval period.
And what of Cailin, the man who had been haunting her for months now? It was him; she wasn't crazy. She'd recognize those eyes anywhere. Was he her destiny and if so, why couldn't she have met him in her time, rather than his? She certainly couldn't stay here. How could she? What would Jenna think, when she found out Ashley had disappeared? If she found out. Ashley had told Jenna she might be incommunicado while she was travelling. Maybe it was better this way. She didn't want Jenna to be worrying about her. Inhaling sharply, Ashley shook her head in denial. Well, she didn't plan to be here long enough for Jenna to know anything. As soon as she could, Ashley would find her way back to the 21st century and that was all there was to that.
Determined that all would work out in her favor, Ashley used the washcloth and soap Irene had given her. The soap smelled of roses, one of her favorite flowers. Her mother had always kept the garden full of them and Ashley had loved sticking her nose into the many varieties, enjoying their uniquely different scents. She washed her hair, submerging her head beneath the water, to rinse the soap out. After soaking for a while, the water had started to cool telling her it was time to get out.
Ashley gazed into the fireplace as she dried herself off, her thoughts still swirling over how she could possibly be in medieval Scotland. A knock at the door startled her, and she turned to see Irene enter the room.
"Are ye ready to get dressed, Ashley?"
"Yes. I was just drying off."
"Was the bath to yer liking?"
"It was wonderful. I was pretty sore from riding and from the fights with Teddy and Thomas."
"Thomas?" Irene looked thoughtful and bit her lip apprehensively. "Tall, thin, but strong, dirty brown hair, rotten teeth?" she questioned.
"Yes, that's him. Do you know him?"
"I'm afraid I do."
Ashley noticed her shiver as she spoke of him, but then Irene shook herself and smiled. "Let's get you dressed and fix yer hair."
*****
Irene helped Ashley into the clothing she'd provided. First there was a simple linen shift and then the most beautiful green gown. The color was vibrant and the fabric soft and velvety. Thank goodness, Irene was there to help her because there was no way she could have laced up the back herself. Irene handed her some matching slippers, which actually fit very well.
"Let me fix yer hair."
Ashley started to protest, but Irene wouldn't hear it. She skillfully braided Ashley's hair in the most intricate style Ashley had ever seen, weaving a matching green ribbon through the strands, and then securing it with another ribbon. When she was done, she stood back to admire her work.
"I don't doubt ye'll be turning heads tonight."
Ashley blushed at the compliment.
"How is Cailin?" His was the only head she was interested in turning.
"He is well. He needs a good night's rest and he should be out of bed tomorrow. He's too stubborn to let an arrow keep him down for long. I ken what ye did for him and believe that's why he is doing so well. He asked that ye stop in his chambers, before ye go down for the evening meal."
Cailin's request pleased Ashley immensely. She couldn't wait to see him again. Being away from him, even just for this short time, made her realize she had developed feelings for him in the course of the last few days. She tried to convince herself it was only because they'd found themselves in a precarious situation and had needed to rely on each other to survive.
Irene led Ashley down the passageway to Cailin's room. Opening the door she said, "I'll be back for ye, when it's time to come downstairs for the evening meal." With that, she was gone.
Ashley hesitated in the doorway, suddenly self-conscious. Get it together, girl! You've just spent two days and a night with him. Now's not the time to be shy.
He was lying in bed, covered to his waist by a pile of furs. And he looked amazing. His muscular chest was bare and Ashley's breath caught in her throat as she gazed at him. She wanted nothing more than to lie beside him and rest her head on his massive chest.
"Ashley, are ye well, lass?"
"Mmm…" In his presence, she couldn't seem to find her voice.
"Is something wrong?" He raised an eyebrow in question.
"No. No, nothing's wrong. I'm fine."
"Are ye sure? Ye look like ye might faint."
This time, she noticed the amused glint in his eye and realized he was teasing her. He knew she was admiring him and was practically preening with the knowledge. Damn. She was going to have to remember not to be so obvious about her attraction to him.
"Irene said you were feeling better. It looks like the healer got you all bandaged up. I guess it wasn't as bad as we originally thought, thank goodness." She walked closer to the bed, smiling nervously and he reached his hand out to grab hers. He pulled her closer still.
"Look at that. Is that real fur? I don't think I've ever seen anything like it. It's very luxurious." Ashley was babbling and he was obviously enjoying her discomfort. Too late now. He knew she was attracted to him; she'd made it far too obvious.
"Ashley, please sit."
"Okay." She sat on the edge of the bed. Is it hot in here? She felt herself blushing and resisted the urge to fan herself.
"I wanted to thank ye again for carin' for me."
"It was my pleasure."
He was smiling at her again. Would it be wrong to just lean over and kiss him? He had the most beautiful lips and… oh, my God, she was staring at them. Breaking her gaze from his, Ashley only succeeded in babbling some more.
"I'm kind of nervous about going downstairs. I feel like I don't belong here. Everyone was looking at me as if I came from another planet."
"'Tis fine, lass. Just tell them yer from America. They dinnae ken where it is either. They'll ken that ye be different."
"Cailin, I have to ask you a question." How was she going to ask this? She should just do it. So what if he thought she was crazy? She thought she was crazy.
He smiled encouragingly. "Ask me whatever ye like."
"What year is it?"
Obviously puzzled by her question, he answered, "1514."
"I'm sorry, did you say 1514?"
"Aye, lass."
She felt the room beginning to spin. Breathe, Ashley, breathe. He'd said it was 1514. How could that possibly be true?
*****
Cailin was concerned by Ashley's reaction when he answered her question. She was anxious, her eyes widening in shock. He thought she might fall off the bed, so he wrapped his arm around her waist to steady her.
When she spoke, her voice was very small. "Cailin, you're going to think I'm crazy, but I don't know how I got here."
"Surely ye remember? I brought ye to Breaghacraig. We rode the horses together." Worried about her reaction, he tried to joke. "I had not thought ye daft before, but mayhap I was mistaken." Just in case she couldn't tell he was joking, he winked at her.
"That's not what I mean." She was chewing her bottom lip and seemed distressed. "It's not just that I'm not from this place. I'm not from this time. I'm from the future, Cailin. I'm from the 21st century. Five hundred years from now."
Cailin frowned. "Did ye hit yer head, lass? Yer nae making sense."
"No, Cailin, just think about it for a minute. You don't understand half of what I say. You've never heard of America. My clothes aren't what women wear in your time. Just think about it! And another thing that's weird - I've seen you before," Ashley admitted, before she lost her courage. "In San Francisco. You kept showing up, everywhere I went. It was you, wasn't it?"
"I've never been to this San Francisco, Ashley. I don't know how it could be me ye saw."
Cailin watched Ashley, as she grew more and more distraught. She stood up abruptly. "I can't stay here. I have to go. How do I go back?"
"Ashley, love, dinnae fash. I will help ye if I can. I hate to see ye looking so sad. I'd do anything to see yer smile again, to see the lass I've just spent the last two days getting to know. Mayhap we should speak with Irene about it."
"Oh, no, I don't think I should tell anyone else. They'll think I'm crazy." She was frantic, twisting her hands together nervously.
"Ashley, just give me some time and I'll take ye back."
"You'd do that for me?"
"Aye. I owe ye me life."
"Oh, thank you, thank you." Relief flooded through her and she sat back down to give him a hug.
Cailin wrapped her in his arms and breathed in the scent of her hair. He brushed his lips across the top of her head, just as Irene knocked on the door and peeked into the room. She tilted her head and with a raised eyebrow, gave her brother a disapproving look as he gently pushed Ashley up and out of his embrace.
"Come, Ashley, 'tis time ye met the rest of the MacKenzie Clan."
Ashley stood up and gave Cailin a look of sheer desperation.
"I'd join ye if I could, lass, but Irene would have me head, if I dared to rise from me bed before she gave permission."
When she still didn't move, he said, "Ye'll be fine. Irene will see to ye, and me brother Cormac will be by yer side as well." He gave her an encouraging smile and she turned and left the room, with Irene leading the way.

FIFTEEN
Cailin thought about disobeying his sister's orders, but he knew better than to cross her. She was a gentle and kind woman to be sure, but not one ye wanted to rile. As he rested, he thought about the beautiful young woman he had brought home to Breaghacraig. Despite the fact that she was different from any woman he had ever known, Cailin found himself very attracted to her. He hadn't been able to get her out of his thoughts since he had been ordered to stay abed. He didn't know what to make of her being from the future, but it was true; she was certainly out of place here. He would talk to his sister about it, despite Ashley's concerns. Irene would know how to handle the situation.
Whenever Cailin had suffered from woman troubles in the past, he had always sought Irene's council. She gave him good advice and he usually followed it. He'd had his share of women over the years, but nothing had ever been serious and his more pressing concerns were usually avoiding an entanglement that might lead to marriage. Especially if the lass didn't understand, that he wasn't offering marriage.
He wished he were downstairs, sitting next to Ashley as she met the rest of the clan. He could tell she was frightened to be without him, and while he enjoyed the thought that she needed him, he didn't want her to be nervous. His brother, Cormac, would do his best to make her comfortable. Cailin scowled. That better be all he did. He hoped Cormac knew that Ashley was his woman. Cailin had known it from the moment he met her, and he would do everything he could, to convince her to stay at Breaghacraig with him. He didn't want her to leave, of that he was sure.
*****
Downstairs, Cormac met Irene and Ashley as they entered the great hall. There was a group of children waiting there for them, as well.
Irene introduced Ashley to her children. "This be wee Robert, Isobel, Fiona, and Brian."
"I'm very pleased to meet you." Ashley thought they were beautiful children and they seemed so well behaved. The oldest looked to be about nine years old and the youngest perhaps two.
"Have ye eaten?" Irene asked them.
"Aye, mother." They all chorused in unison.
"Ye've met our guest, now off to bed with ye. I'll be up later with your Da, to check on ye."
They all kissed their mother affectionately and dutifully marched up the stairs to their rooms.
"Lady Ashley, I'd be pleased to escort ye to yer seat." Cormac gave her his arm and Ashley gratefully accepted it. As they walked towards the head table, Ashley made up her mind to try to relax and enjoy the experience. After all, how many people from her time could say they had experienced dinner in the sixteenth century? In her life in San Francisco, she had always loved the opportunity to put on a pretty gown for an event or party, and here she was, wearing the most beautiful gown she had ever seen. Heads turned as she walked by, some out of curiosity and some looked at her with appreciation for her beauty.
"Thank you, Cormac." She smiled up at him, as he held her chair out for her.
"'Tis me pleasure, Lady Ashley."
Lady Ashley? Where did that come from? Just play along, she reminded herself. Cormac sat in the chair to her left and Irene sat on her right.
The room was filled with Highland warriors, each one seemingly taller and stronger than the next. There were women and older children here and there throughout the room, sitting amongst the men. She assumed they were the wives and families of these fearsome-looking warriors. Servants were busily moving among the tables, providing bowls of water for people to wash their hands. A bowl was placed in front of Ashley and she looked around to see what everyone else did with it. Following suit, she dipped her hands in and washed them. A cloth was presented to dry her hands, which she did. Handing the cloth back to the servant, she thanked him.
A very tall, very good-looking man entered the great hall. He had long dark brown hair, which fell past his broad shoulders. He was dressed very much like the other men in the room. He wore a plaid draped over his shoulder, fastened by a large gold brooch embedded with emerald stones in a Celtic design. The man strode towards Ashley and took her hand in his. "Ye must be Lady Ashley." He smiled warmly at her, with deep brown eyes and dimpled cheeks. Wow. They sure knew how to grow them in 16th century Scotland, Ashley mused. Every man she'd met so far, with the exception of Thomas, had been stunningly handsome. She smiled back at this good-looking gentleman, as he continued with his introductions. "I be Robert MacKenzie, laird of our clan."
"I'm pleased to meet you, Laird Robert."
He raised her hand to his lips. "Please, call me Robert. I hear we owe ye a debt of gratitude for saving our Cailin."
"Well, he saved me first, so I think we're even," she blushed.
"I thank ye, Lady Ashley."
"Please, if I'm to call you Robert, then it's only fair that you call me Ashley."
"Ashley, ye are welcome here among our clan and ye will stay here under my protection for as long as ye wish." With that pronouncement he came around the table to Irene and leaned over, lovingly kissing her cheek and taking her hand as he took his place beside her at the center of the table.
A parade of servants brought food to the tables. There was pheasant, venison, rabbit, and an assortment of vegetables and bread. The delicious aroma caused Ashley's mouth to water. Wine was poured into goblets placed in front of each person along with trenchers for their food, which was served family style. Trays were laid on each table and everyone helped themselves to their favorites.
Cormac must have noticed that Ashley was a bit overwhelmed. He started filling her plate with an assortment of various items. He explained what everything was, and then he handed her a small knife. "I almost forgot. Cailin told me to give ye this Sgian Dubh."
She accepted the jewel-encrusted knife and glancing around, noticed everyone was eating with a combination of their hands and their knife. She did as they did, thinking of the time she'd gone to a medieval dinner and show in Las Vegas. This was kind of fun, but it would be more fun if Cailin was sitting beside her.
From the corner of her eyes, Ashley could see Irene and Robert were deep in conversation. They watched each other adoringly as they spoke. It was apparent they were very much in love. Ashley was a little bit envious. She'd never been fortunate enough to enjoy the gift of an adoring mate. No one had ever looked at her in the way Robert and Irene did. Not even Dax. Of course, he'd never looked at her that way, because he was a complete idiot and a cheater, she thought sourly.
"Those two are like a couple of moon-eyed puppies when they're together," Cormac chuckled, seeing where her attention was concentrated. "Married ten years, can ye believe it?"
"They've been married for ten years?" Ashley exclaimed. Irene couldn't be much older than she was. Then Ashley remembered where she was. It wasn't unusual for a girl as young as fifteen years to wed. Life could be short and certainly difficult in this era. People took happiness where and when they could find it.
"What of ye, Lady Ashley, do ye have a husband where ye come from?"
"Please, call me Ashley and no, I don't have a husband."
"Are ye a widow then?"
"No. Women don't marry until later in my… country." She caught herself before she said 'time'.
"America?"
"Yes. That's right."
"Tell us of America, Ashley." Their conversation had caught Robert's attention.
"Okay." She wasn't sure what to tell them, but thought as long as she didn't get too specific, it should be alright. "I live in a small apartment in the city of San Francisco, California."
"San Francisco, ye say?" Robert asked.
"Yes. It's a big city. Like London. Thousands of people live there," Ashley explained.
"Thousands… The laird of San Francisco must have a very large castle," Cormac chimed in.
"No. No castle and no laird," Ashley said.
Cormac looked puzzled at this.
"We have a mayor and a city council. They all live in their own homes or apartments," she quickly explained. They have no clue what I'm talking about.
"Who lives in yer home?" Robert wondered aloud.
"Just me. It's a small apartment. Only room for me."
Robert sounded shocked when he responded. "What of yer family? Do they approve of this?"
"My family is all gone. I mean, they're all dead."
"I'm so sorry, lass. So who protects ye, if ye have nae family?" Cormac questioned.
"I take care of myself. It's not unusual where I come from."
Laird Robert obviously couldn't believe his ears. "A young lady, such as yerself, needs to be protected. I am verra happy ye found yer way to Breaghacraig. We will protect ye."
Ashley thought better of telling him that women didn't need the protection of a man. She knew that in 16th century Scotland, women were treated differently than they were in her time, so she merely thanked him and took a sip of wine. What she wouldn't give for a good shot of tequila right now, but the wine would have to do.
What she really wanted to do was head back upstairs and clamber into bed with a certain grey-eyed dream man. What was wrong with her? One handsome face, one gorgeous smile, and she turned into putty in his hands. He'd been such a gentleman, yet all she could think about was kissing him and touching him and…
"Ashley." Cormac was trying to catch her attention.
"Yes," she said. "I'm sorry; I guess I'm just a bit tired, what were you saying?"
"'Twas nothing, lass. I just wondered if ye'd like to go outside for a wee bit of fresh air, but I can see yer tired from yer journey. Would ye like me to escort ye to yer room?"
"I'll escort Ashley to her room, Cormac. Ye and Robert must speak with Cailin about Richard," Irene interrupted.
Cormac had clearly been put in his place by the beautiful Irene. Ashley could see that she was not one to be argued with when she made a decision.
"If yer done, Ashley, I'll walk with ye to yer room," Irene said, getting to her feet.
"Thank you, Irene, and thank you Robert, and Cormac. You've all been so kind."
The men nodded in her direction as she walked away with Irene.

SIXTEEN
Irene and Ashley mounted the stairs to the sleeping chambers. Ashley was still marveling over how welcoming and accepting these people had been to a perfect stranger. They were a tight knit family, from what she could see, and it had put her in a melancholy mood as she thought about her own family.
"Do ye feel well, Ashley?" They'd reached the door to Ashley's room and Irene opened it, ushering Ashley inside.
The tub had been removed and a fire blazed in the hearth to help ward off the chilly night air. Ashley walked across to the bed and slumped down on the edge, watching tearfully as Irene settled beside her, taking Ashley's hands in hers.
"I asked if ye were well and I can see that yer nae happy. What troubles ye?" She waited quietly for Ashley to speak.
It took Ashley a few moments to compose herself. "I don't want to cry, I really don't," she began. "I've been trying so hard to be strong these past two days. I'm not used to being attacked and having to fight off two men in one day and then trying to get Cailin safely back here… I guess it's just all been too much."
Irene wrapped her arms around Ashley to provide her with comfort. It seemed a very natural thing for Irene to do, although Ashley had not seen this side of the woman until now.
"Ashley, there is nae shame in tears. Ye are a strong woman, but even strong women must cry. Fate has brought ye to us. If the man at the bridge had not attacked ye, then Cailin would not have saved ye, and ye in turn, would not have saved Cailin. So it's grateful I am to the man on the bridge."
Ashley sniffled and pulled back to look at Irene.
"But those men thought Cailin was the one who attacked me, and that's why they tried to kill him!" A fresh stream of tears made their way down her cheeks.
"Nae matter what they said to ye, Ashley, they would have shot Cailin. Thomas holds a deep hatred for him and Richard has vengeance in his heart and would see my family dead to get to me."
Ashley shook her head, brushing at the tears on her cheeks. "I don't understand, Irene."
Irene sighed and patted Ashley's hand with her own. "Sir Richard is a jealous, vengeful man, with a black heart. Ye see, I was quite young when I first met Richard. He was visiting a neighboring clan to attend the marriage of his cousin, to their daughter. My family and I were invited to the celebration and Robert, who was fostering with us, stayed behind. From the moment Richard set eyes on me, he was determined to make me his. I was young and I didn't realize this, or I would never have allowed his attentions. He spent the evening at my side. We danced some and spoke much, about Richard mostly. My mother and father were not at all happy with his attentions and we left the next day to head home. I thought nothing of it. I was not interested in him and I was happy to leave. A few days later, Richard rode up to our gate for a visit. My family did not wish to offend him or our neighbors and so they invited him in and allowed him to stay for a time. He realized very quickly that Robert and I only had eyes for each other and he did his best to come between us. At one point, he challenged Robert. Robert agreed on the condition that the loser would leave, never to return. Robert was not worried. He knew he would come out victorious, but Richard was not aware that Robert was the best swordsman amongst all of the neighboring clans. Much to his disappointment, he was no match for Robert and he was forced to leave. If Richard had won, I would have left with Robert. There was never a choice to be made. I knew whom I wanted and it was not Richard. My heart has always belonged to Robert."
"And why does Thomas hate Cailin?
"'Tis a long tale."
"I'd like to know, Irene."
"Very well. Thomas married a lass named Elise. She had long been in love with Cailin, although he never returned her affections. In fact, he barely knew the lass. They met a time or two at clan gatherings, but no more than that. Elise's father tried to arrange a marriage through Robert, he wanted his little lass to be happy, but we would nae force Cailin to marry someone he did not love. Her father was impatient and felt Elise was far beyond marriageable age. He wanted her married quickly, so he arranged the marriage to Thomas through Sir Richard. It was a good match for Thomas, giving him a fine dowry. Elise was devastated and Thomas did not take kindly to her refusals to join him in their marriage bed."
"I can understand why she wouldn't. He is the smelliest, dirtiest man I've ever come across."
"He wasn't always. At that time, he took pride in his appearance. He was never a handsome man, but ever since Elise rejected him, he has not cared how he looks."
"But I still don't understand why he hates Cailin."
"Well, let me finish my tale and you'll ken. After they were married, Thomas and Elise left for England, and along the way, they ran into Cailin and his men. They all dined and camped together that night and after everyone was asleep, Elise snuck away from Thomas and woke Cailin. Cailin was shocked to see her and told her he would walk her back to her tent. She cried and told him she hated Thomas, and that Cailin was the one she loved. He tried desperately to calm her, but her pleas for Cailin to take her with him got louder and louder. Soon Thomas awoke and was most unhappy at the scene before him. Elise had thrown herself into Cailin's arms and was pleading with him. She told him it wasnae too late, as she and Thomas hadn't consummated their marriage. Thomas pulled her away from Cailin, roughly throwing her to the ground. He pulled his sword on Cailin, who was unarmed. He wanted to kill him then, but Cailin's men surrounded them and Thomas knew he wouldnae win that night. He dragged Elise back to their tent, where he had their belongings packed up and they left immediately. Cailin was upset to see Elise treated so poorly and was of a mind to follow them, but there was naught he could do. Elise was legally wed to Thomas. After that, Thomas wouldnae wait any longer to bed his wife. As I mentioned, she refused and so she was forced by him and as a result, she took her own life. Thomas blames Cailin for that."
"That's crazy. Cailin couldn't help the way Elise felt about him!" Ashley's head was spinning with the information Irene had imparted. "What will you do to stop them?"
"I'll leave that to Robert and me brothers. There be nae finer warriors in all of Scotland. Richard would be wise to collect up his men, go home to England, and never darken our borders again.
Ashley didn't know how to respond. This appeared to be a medieval turf war; instead of fighting over land, they were fighting over Irene and a dead girl. Ashley hoped the MacKenzie's would emerge the victors, but from what she'd seen of Sir Richard, he was a dishonorable man and would likely resort to whatever means necessary to get his way.
Ashley managed a watery smile. "I hope you're right, Irene."
"I am," Irene stated. "Dinnae fash, all will be well." She squeezed Ashley's fingers. "Let me help ye out of yer gown."
"Thanks. I'd never be able to get out of this on my own," Ashley admitted with a grimace. She was uncomfortable getting undressed in front of someone she'd just met, but Irene didn't seem to mind and before Ashley knew what was happening, she was standing there, shivering in her birthday suit.
A pretty linen gown had been laid out for Ashley to sleep in, and Irene helped her slip it over her head and then tucked Ashley into bed.
"Sleep well, Ashley. I'll come and get ye in the morning."
"Irene?"
Irene turned back at the doorway. "Yes?"
"Good night and thank you again."
*****
Before heading off to bed, Robert and Cormac made a stop in Cailin's chambers.
"'Tis happy I am to see ye both. I dinnae think I need to lie abed. I nae be sick enough to need this mollycoddlin'." He had been laying there for what seemed like hours, impatiently waiting for some company. Cailin never spent much time in his chambers under normal circumstances - in his mind there was no worse torture than boredom and being stuck in his bed without the pleasure of a woman beside him was the worst kind of torture he could imagine. He would've much rather been downstairs enjoying the evening meal with everyone else, especially Ashley.
"Aye. I ken your problem, but when Irene makes up her mind, there's nae arguing with her," Robert commiserated.
"Whether that sister of mine likes it or nae, I'll be up and about in the morn, and I willnae allow her to keep me here against my will for a second longer."
Robert and Cormac both laughed heartily, aware of past clashes between the headstrong Irene and equally stubborn Cailin.
"How is Ashley?" Cailin asked when their merriment died down.
"She be well, lad. Yer brother took good care of her," Robert teased.
"Dinnae be getting any ideas, Cormac." Cailin warned his brother. He was surprised by the intensity of his emotions regarding Ashley and recognized that he was jealous.
"What kind of ideas do ye think I'd be getting?" Cormac asked innocently, although he had a distinct look of mischief about him.
"Ye ken my meaning. Dinnae make me have to hurt ye."
Cormac laughed good-naturedly at his brother. They'd always enjoyed a close relationship and loved each other dearly, but fisticuffs had occurred in the past on more than one occasion, over the lasses. Cailin had staked his claim to the lovely Ashley, but that wouldn't deter Cormac from having a little fun at his brother's expense.
"That's enough," Robert said gruffly. "I've come to hear what ye have to say about Richard's doings, but before that, I have to say, I'm disappointed that you didnae obey my orders to stay away from him."
Cailin shifted his gaze to his brother-in-law. "Robert, I was out hunting as I'd said I'd be. I cannae help it, if I ran across them during my hunt."
Robert seemed doubtful at the honesty of Cailin's pronouncement, but he didn't question it. "Well, tell us, then. What have ye found?"
"I came across several abandoned campsites on MacKenzie land, and then I eventually came across them, about a day and a half's ride to the south. They seemed to be heading this way and they could be close, but they're staying hidden in the woods."
"How many are they?" Cormac asked.
"At least twenty men from what I could see, and heavily armed. There could be more travelling in separate groups."
"The men have been training hard." Robert announced confidently. "We'll have them continue and when yer shoulder is well enough for ye to wield yer sword, we'll make the first move and attack. I'll send Donal and Fergus to keep an eye on them until we're ready."
"I be fine, Robert. There's nae need to wait. 'Tis nae my sword arm that's injured."
"I ken that, but I may have mentioned to ye before, that if I let any harm come to ye, yer sister will have me head," Robert announced sheepishly.
Cormac and Cailin both laughed. "Robert, how can ye let a wee woman like Irene frighten ye so?" Cailin teased.
"The same way she frightens ye both," Robert retorted, winking conspiratorially at his two friends.
"Robert, there's one more thing I'm thinkin'. Sir Richard has surely come to Scotland by boat, but where do ye think they may have hidden their vessels?"
"Aye. I've wondered that meself. They must be far enough down the coast to be hidden from our men, but close enough to avoid trouble with our neighbors. It's also possible that if they are only twenty men, they could skirt the borders of the clans and still make it to us unnoticed."
The three men pondered that question for a moment, before continuing to strategize long into the night. When they finally left Cailin, they were confident about the coming battle with Sir Richard. The Englishman would be soundly defeated.

SEVENTEEN
"Okay, so I wasn't dreaming."
Ashley had blinked open her eyes, hoping to find herself back at The Thistle and Hive, but her gaze travelled from one end of the room to the other, taking in every aspect of her 16th century chamber instead. She was torn between the need to get back to her own time-period, and the shock of confirming this was still very much real. And mixed up in her confusion, was desire for the man who slept just down the hall.
"I guess I should make the most of the experience," Ashley muttered. She burrowed down deeper into the fur throws, which covered the bed. She wasn't certain what to do, now that she was awake. Should she try to get dressed on her own? Was it all right to consider going downstairs without an escort? A knock at the door resolved her questions.
"Yes, come in," Ashley called.
A pretty, blonde-haired girl peeked around the heavy wooden door. "Lady Irene asked that I attend ye," the girl announced.
"Thank you. You're Helene, right?" At Helene's shy nod, Ashley continued. "I was wondering how I'd manage to get into my gown without help." Ashley's wry laughter brought a smile and a giggle to Helene's lips.
Helene entered the room, carrying a bucket of hot water and a gown, which she presented to Ashley after closing the door. Helene poured some water into a basin, which sat on the table beside the bed, along with a bowl of dried herbs and rosemary ashes. Ashley remembered reading somewhere that in medieval times they were used for tooth brushing. After Ashley had washed and dried her face, Helene helped her dress. This dress was as beautifully made as the gown she'd worn the night before, but much more practical. The wool fabric was an amber color, which matched her eyes and it was adorned on the sleeves and hem with beautifully embroidered flowers in shades of gold, rust, and green. It was simply stunning.
Helene quickly went to work fixing her hair for the day ahead. Instead of braiding Ashley's hair, she brushed it to a lustrous shine and left it loose to cascade across her shoulders and down her back.
"How is Cailin this morning, Helene?" Ashley hadn't been able to stop thinking about him.
"He be much better, Lady Ashley. He's downstairs, waiting for ye."
Ashley's heart skipped a beat and the butterflies in her belly flapped their wings excitedly at this news. She slipped on the leather boots Helene handed to her and then the pretty blonde showed her where to place the Sgian Dubh in one of the boots. Ashley would have left the chambers without it. She'd never carried a knife anywhere on her person before this; it was something she'd have to get used to if she was stuck here for too long. When Helene was finished with her ministrations, she signaled Ashley to twirl for her and when she had, Helene nodded her head in approval.
"Ye'd best hurry. I believe Cailin has a surprise planned for ye this day."
Ashley didn't need to be told twice. Her feet fairly flew as she ran down the winding stone staircase. She slowed herself down as she approached the Great Hall. She didn't want to appear too keen.
Cailin stood up as Ashley entered the room and she offered him a brilliant smile. It was wonderful to see him again, even though they hadn't been separated for very long. The possessive look on his face made Ashley feel like the most beautiful woman in the world. He strode to her side and placed his hand protectively on the small of her back, guiding her to the seat beside his. Irene was already seated at the long table, and she gave Ashley a warm smile and nod in greeting. "Robert and Cormac have already left to check on the southern holdings, so we three will break our fast together this morn," Irene explained.
The servants appeared with bowls of steaming oats; something called 'bannocks', which appeared to be some type of flat bread, and chunks of cheese. Platters of fresh and dried fruits were placed within easy reach and they were served ceramic goblets of ale to drink.
"Did ye sleep well, lass?" Cailin asked, passing her the honey.
"I did. The bed was very warm and comfortable." Ashley eyed Cailin's shoulder, concealed by the plaid draped across it. "How are you feeling this morning?"
Cailin's smug grin belied his pleasure at her obvious concern. "I'm well, all thanks to ye. Well enough to take ye with me today."
Irene joined the conversation. "Cailin is going to check on our northern holdings this morning, and I thought ye'd like to ride out with him and he's agreed to takin' ye along."
Ashley was a little disappointed to discover it hadn't been Cailin's idea for her to go along, but she was happy he'd agreed to her company.
When they'd finished eating, Irene walked with them to the entrance. The huge doors were pulled open and to Ashley's surprise, the horses were saddled and waiting. Irene offered them both a peck on the cheek and disappeared back inside. As they approached the horses, it occurred to Ashley that she had only ever ridden in pants and riding boots before now and she wasn't quite sure how to get on a horse in a gown, without looking totally uncoordinated.
Cailin caught her puzzled expression and apparently understood her problem. Without a word, he effortlessly placed his arm beneath her bottom and lifted her into the saddle. Ashley gripped on to him tightly.
"Cailin, you shouldn't have done that, you'll tear your stitches!"
"I didnae tear anything, lass. 'Tis my other arm that's a bother," Cailin insisted calmly.
There was no way Ashley was going to ride sidesaddle, and with some difficulty, she threw her leg over the horse so she could sit astride. After a good amount of wiggling and squirming, she managed to adjust her gown enough to sit comfortably.
When she was settled agreeably, she glanced across to find Cailin was doing his best to stifle his laughter. Ashley reddened. "Whose idea was it for women to ride in gowns anyway? Whoever it was, they should be shot."
"Aye, I agree. It does appear uncomfortable." He coughed, trying in vain to disguise his laughter.
"In my time, we wear riding breeches or jeans. It doesn't make any sense to ride in a gown."
"Shall we?" Cailin motioned for her to join him and they headed out through the gates and rode across the valley.
It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining brightly and the sky was bluer than she'd ever seen it before. No pollution to muck it up, she thought wryly. There was a little bit of a chill in the air and Cailin thoughtfully pulled his plaid from his saddle pack, for Ashley to wrap herself in.
"Cailin are you okay with what I told you last night? About me being from the future?" Ashley suddenly announced.
His look alone told her all she needed to know, but what he said next almost made her do a happy dance in the saddle.
"Ashley, I care not where yer from, or when, I'm just happy yer here now."
She smiled shyly at him as they approached the first stop on their tour of the northern-most MacKenzie land holdings.
The little thatched cottage, modest though it appeared, was home to a man and woman with five small children who all came outside to greet them.
"Cailin," the man called as they approached.
"Finn," Cailin called back. He dismounted and clapped the man on the back.
Cailin lifted Ashley down from the saddle and turned to the family to introduce her. "Ashley Moore, this be Finn and Heather and their wee ones. They have a small farm here and take care of Robert's sheep."
"It's nice to meet you," Ashley said shyly.
"Ashley is here from America," Cailin said, an explanation Finn and Heather accepted without question, even though Ashley knew they had no idea where America was.
The children surrounded Cailin, all talking at once. He crouched down to their level and they took turns in receiving a hug. Cailin hoisted the smallest child up with his good arm and she squealed with glee. She placed her tiny hands on either side of his face and tipped her head to the side, examining him thoroughly.
"Mary, what be ye looking at?" Cailin asked with a grin.
"Ye," Mary said.
Cailin gave the child an affectionate squeeze and kissed the top of her head. "Shall we see what I've got in me bag, Mary?"
Mary nodded eagerly and clapped her hands. Cailin produced some sweet cakes, which Ashley assumed he had procured from the kitchen before they left. He handed one to each child and watched as they happily settled on the ground and enjoyed their surprise treats.
While the children ate, Finn and Heather approached Cailin with a request. "Cailin we be needin' more room and wondered if we could extend the cottage to do so. Do ye think Laird Robert would allow it?"
Cailin pursed his lips as he thought. "Aye, I think he would. Ye have a growin' family and I can see ye be needin' more space."
Little Mary, finished with her cake, skipped up to Ashley and took her hand, pulling her towards the side of the cottage. "Lady, come see, come see," the little girl chanted.
Ashley caught Cailin's eye and he nodded his agreement, still deep in discussions with Finn. Ashley followed Mary around to the side of the small home, where the little girl excitedly pointed to a small fenced-in area, which housed a mama dog and six newly born puppies.
"Oh, they're beautiful, Mary," Ashley gushed, admiring the little bundles of fur. Ashley didn't recognize the breed of dog, but assumed they were some kind of shepherd.
Mary's little chest puffed out proudly. "My puppies," she announced importantly.
"Do you have names for them yet?" Ashley asked.
"Nae. Da says to wait 'til they grow and then we'll know what to call them," the tallest boy announced. He appeared from around the corner, with the rest of the children.
"What are your names? I've only met Mary properly," Ashley teased.
"I be William," the boy said. "And that be Maggie, Henry and wee Craig." He pointed out the other children as he introduced them.
"It's very nice to meet you all," Ashley said.
"Cailin says yer from America. Where that be?" William asked curiously.
"It's very, very far away," Ashley replied.
"Did it take ye long to get here?" Maggie asked.
"It did. It took a very long time."
"Will ye be marryin' Cailin, then?" William asked.
Ashley blushed. Children always seemed to get right to the point.
Fortunately, Heather walked around the corner at that very moment, saving Ashley who was a bit uncomfortable with the line of questioning.
"Children, leave Lady Ashley be!" Heather scolded.
"It's alright," Ashley protested. "They've been lovely."
"Thank ye for yer kind words, m'lady, but I know they'll have been askin' ye all kinds of questions that be none of their business."
"Curiosity," Ashley responded mildly. "It's good for them, and I really didn't mind."
Heather gave the children a mock stern look and they all laughed, skipping back towards the front of the cottage.
"You have a wonderful home, Heather. It's so peaceful here."
"Och, I dinnae think I'd be callin' it peaceful," Heather said, watching the last of the children go out front, "but I'm verra happy here. I have a good husband and five beautiful bairns. Laird Robert has been good to us. He's given us a place to live and he watches over us. Finn tends Laird Robert's sheep and I dye and spin their wool into yarn. We have a good life."
Ashley scanned the horizon and wondered how she'd possibly fit into a place like this. She was about to speak, when she heard Cailin calling her name.
Ashley rounded the corner with Heather at her side and found Cailin and Finn waiting for them. Finn put an arm around Heather's shoulders as they said their goodbyes.
"I'll send some of the younger lads from the castle to help ye with the expansion of the cottage, Finn."
"I'd be verra grateful, Cailin."
Cailin helped Ashley back up onto her horse and they waved to Finn and Heather where they stood outside their tiny home, as they headed off to complete their task.

EIGHTEEN
Cailin and Ashley stopped in to visit with three more families during their tour of Laird Robert's northern lands. Each family had a job they performed in service to the MacKenzie Clan and they each had requests, which Cailin handled to everyone's satisfaction. It didn't take long for Ashley to realize that they all depended on one another for their daily survival. Robert was the source of their homes and protection, and each of them played a part in supplying the needs of the castle and its occupants. It was a mutually beneficial relationship to all parties involved.
On the return journey towards Breaghacraig, Cailin had a mischievous look about him. He kept glancing at Ashley, and more than once, she caught a wicked twinkle in his eye. Drawing Cadeyrn to a halt, he graced Ashley with a gorgeous smile and nodded to the open expanse in front of them.
"How would ye feel about racing our horses to the tree line over there?"
Ashley cocked an eyebrow. "What are we wagering?"
"If I win, ye'll owe me a favor and if ye win, 'twill be me who owes you." There was a disarming sparkle in his eye.
"That sounds a little vague, Mr. MacBayne. What kind of favor are we talking about?"
He grinned devilishly. "Whatever favor ye choose, lass."
"Well, it sounds as if I'd better win."
"Do ye need a head start, then?" Cailin said with mock seriousness.
Ashley feigned insult. "Absolutely not! Shall we?"
On Cailin's nod, Ashley dug her heels into the horse's flanks and crouching low over his back, gave him his head. She flew across the field at breakneck speed, with Cailin fast on her heels. Ashley snuck a peek over her shoulder and found Cailin was gaining on her. Before she knew it, he was right beside her. It was apparent Cailin wasn't going to let her win, and Ashley's competitive nature came out. She wanted to win. As they approached the trees, Ashley's horse suddenly slowed, coming up lame and Cailin flew past them. Ashley brought the horse to a complete stop and slid down to the ground. Cailin seemed quite pleased with himself as he turned back to Ashley.
"I won," Cailin crowed victoriously.
"I can see that, but I had you beat until my horse came up lame." Ashley was checking each of the animal's hooves, searching for stones. She ran her hands down each of his legs, speaking softly to the creature as she looked for anything that might give her a clue to his sudden lameness. "He must have stepped on a rock as we were racing," she announced.
"You are a wonder, Ashley, lass." Cailin had dismounted from Cadeyrn and watched her quietly.
"Why's that?"
"I've seen ye do more things in the last few days, than I've ever seen any other lass do."
"I like to think I'm pretty capable." Ashley straightened up, happy to know Cailin wasn't intimidated by a woman who could take care of herself.
"Leave yer horse to graze and come with me." Cailin walked back to Cadeyrn and removed the saddle packs. From one, he removed a second plaid and laid it down on the grass. From the other, he retrieved bread, cheese, wine and some fruit. He'd also saved a sweet cake for them to share, from the supplies he'd been handing out to the children all morning. Cailin placed the food on the plaid he'd lain out and taking Ashley's hand, motioned for her to sit down. Once Ashley was settled on the ground, Cailin lay down beside her, stretched out on his side. Long legs, clad in deerskin breeches and boots caught her attention, as she brazenly looked him over from head to toe.
Ashley knew Cailin was aware of her perusal and he looked pleased about it. So much for not being an open book.
Ashley watched as Cailin picked up the cheese, cut a slice with his Sgian Dubh and much to her surprise, delicately pressed it to her lips. His fingers brushed gently against her lips and remained a moment longer than was necessary. A thrill ran through her body at the very intimate gesture and she glanced away, suddenly hyperaware of the closeness of the handsome Scotsman. Cailin continued feeding her little pieces of everything, as he fed himself. He handed Ashley the wineskin and she swallowed thirstily, aware he was watching as she drank. When Ashley handed it back to him, the intensity of his gaze caught her off guard. She suddenly felt extremely shy and turned her attention to the view across the field.
"I believe ye owe me a favor, lass. I did win the race, ye ken."
"I would've won…" Ashley began to protest.
"But ye didnae."
She rolled her eyes at him and laughed. She was enjoying this bantering with Cailin MacBayne, very much.
"Okay. Technically, you won. So what favor do I owe you?" Ashley knew she was in trouble, the second the words left her mouth and Cailin snaked his arm around her waist, drawing her close.
"I'd like the favor of a kiss," he whispered huskily, his gaze on her lips. "I enjoyed the last one so much; I've decided I'd like another."
Before she could respond, his lips met hers in a gentle kiss and without thinking; she kissed him back, exploring his silky, soft lips. Her hands trembled as she placed them flat against his hard chest. Cailin drew her down to lay beside him on the plaid and wrapped her in his arms, deepening the kiss. The electricity between them built, spreading warmth throughout her entire body. His tongue pressed against the seam of her lips and Ashley yielded to him with a low groan, unable to control her response. A mewl of satisfaction escaped her throat as she sank further and further under Cailin's spell. She slipped her arms around his neck, and Cailin released her lips for a moment, their eyes met and he pressed his forehead to hers. The mutual want they held for one another needed no words. Cailin kissed his way to her jaw and then trailed his lips down her throat, as Ashley tossed her head back and tried to remember how to breathe. His mouth continued lower down, to where the top of her breasts peeked out from the bodice of her gown, his hands exploring and caressing her curves. Everywhere he touched, Cailin left a burning sensation, as if Ashley's skin had caught fire. He cupped her breasts in his large hands and Ashley gasped as her nipples pebbled. She ran her fingers through his hair, enjoying the touch of it against her skin and delighted to discover it was as silky as she'd imagined. She buried her nose in his neck, breathing in the scent of him… pine, leather and something else, which was distinctly Cailin. He lifted her chin with a finger, so that he could see into her eyes.
"Ashley, love-" He broke off what he'd been about to say and his lips met hers again, sending her mind and thoughts reeling.
A loud clap of thunder interrupted them and they both glanced up at the sky, which was rapidly darkening with the approach of a storm. They'd been so enamored of one another; they hadn't noticed the wind picking up. It appeared it wouldn't be long before they found themselves stuck in the middle of a downpour.
Cailin reluctantly loosened his hold on Ashley and flashed a brilliant, Hollywood-movie-star-type smile.
"We'd best be gettin' back." Cailin stood up, drawing Ashley to her feet and kissed her lips once more. Her legs were a bit wobbly and Ashley was glad when he steadied her against his long, lean frame.
"Come, lass, we must hurry." He bent and picked up their belongings, wrapped her in his plaid and grabbed her hand as they ran for his horse. He vaulted into the saddle easily and then reached down to lift Ashley up, settling her in front of him. Cailin wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her closer.
Ashley wriggled for a couple of seconds, trying to get comfortable and felt the evidence of Cailin's desire, resting firmly against her bottom. She tried to move away, but Cailin pulled her closer still, chuckling softly.
"Ah, Ashley, love, do ye ken what ye do to me?" His warm breath tickled her ear when he spoke.
"It would be hard not to," she giggled shyly.
He kissed her neck and moved Cadeyrn forward. They trotted to where Ashley's horse grazed and Cailin reached out and grabbed the reins.
"Ye need a name fer yer horse, lass."
"Technically, he's not my horse, I just borrowed him."
"Aye. I ken that, but yer not going to bring him back are ye? So I think ye should name him."
Ashley considered Cailin's words. It was certainly true; she wouldn't be returning the horse to Thomas, so it would make sense to give him a name if she intended to continue riding him. At least, until she returned to her own century, she reminded herself firmly. "I'll have to think about it."
*****
Cailin started the journey taking them home. He loved holding Ashley in his arms, but he wasn't sure if he'd make it back to the castle in once piece, not with her backside rubbing up against him in the most pleasurable way imaginable. He hadn't wanted to stop kissing her and would likely have taken it much further if they hadn't been interrupted by the impending storm. Much further than he should. She was a lady, and it was his sworn duty to protect her, even from himself. No matter what his body was telling him, Cailin was determined to treat her with the respect she deserved.
"How about Destiny?" The object of his thoughts suddenly announced.
He was so preoccupied with the discomfort of his painfully tight breeches, that it took almost a minute for Cailin to realize she was talking to him.
"Destiny?" he repeated blankly.
"Yeah, because I think perhaps it was my destiny to be here, on this adventure with you."
"'Tis a good name," Cailin agreed.
"Then Destiny he'll be from now on." Ashley sighed contentedly and Cailin was equally dismayed and delighted when she nestled back further into his arms.
Cailin knew Ashley was very aware of the effect she was having on him, and it became obvious soon afterwards that the lass had decided to have some fun with it. It began with Ashley occasionally wiggling around, resettling herself in the saddle. Cailin would growl deep in his chest every time, and she'd apologize profusely and wiggle again, causing him even more misery.
"Lass, could ye possibly stop with yer wrigglin' and sit still," Cailin pleaded after the tenth 'adjustment'.
"Oh, I'm sorry, am I bothering you? I'm just not used to riding in tandem like this." She tried, unsuccessfully, to hide her smile from his view.
"Aye, ye be botherin' me, and if ye dinnae stop, I'll nae be responsible for what happens."
Ashley batted her eyelashes at him and managed to look as innocent as a newborn babe.
Cailin huffed out a frustrated breath and dug his heels into Cadeyrn's flanks. "We dinnae have far to go, and I think for your sake, lass, the sooner I get off this cursed horse the better," he grumbled.
The sound of Ashley's delighted laughter could be heard across the fields, even as the wind picked up around them.

NINETEEN
Lightning flashed in the distance, followed closely by the rumbling of thunder. Ashley buried her head in Cailin's chest and he tightened his hold on her. She'd always been afraid of thunder and lightning, ever since childhood. When she was a little girl, her mother would reassure her, saying it was just the angels bowling in heaven. While the image captured her imagination, she still couldn't help but be scared during a storm.
"Wheesht, lass, dinnae fash. We're home now," Cailin announced, as he galloped the last few hundred yards towards the castle.
Ashley looked up from his chest, in time to see the gates of Breaghacraig opening for them.
The boys ran outside from the stables, ready to relieve the couple of their horses. Cailin jumped down from the saddle and helped Ashley to the ground. He instructed the boys on how to tend to Destiny, as Ashley's horse was limping quite badly. Satisfied the horse was in good hands, Cailin wrapped an arm around Ashley and hurried her inside.
*****
Irene greeted them at the castle doors, as the first drops of rain let loose from the sky.
"Ye've made it back just in time. Ashley, yer shaking with cold. Come, sit by the fire, and warm yerself."
The wind howled outside and rain pelted the stone fortress. The world could be falling apart out there, Ashley thought, but she felt safe as long as Cailin was nearby.
"Ashley, have some Uisge Beatha." Irene handed her a cup of amber liquid and Ashley studied it covertly for a second or two, before sniffing the liquid surreptitiously. She sipped it and a smile lit her face. It was whiskey.
Irene handed a second cup to Cailin. "All is well to the north?" she queried.
"Aye," Cailin agreed, draining his cup quickly.
"Robert and Cormac will be back soon, I hope," Irene said, watching the doorway anxiously.
"The weather will nae keep them away. They've ridden in worse," Cailin reassured his sister.
Cailin's eyes met Ashley's and held as she sipped her drink. Ashley silently cursed the storm that had forced their return, even though it was probably a blessing in disguise. She really shouldn't let the attraction they had for each other go any further. After all, she couldn't stay. It was that simple. Or was it?
The door banged open a few minutes later, and a drenched Cormac and Robert sloshed into the room. Irene rushed to relieve them of their wet cloaks. She placed them near the fire to dry and then handed Robert and Cormac mugs of Uisge. The two men huddled by the fire and quietly sipped their drinks, steam rising from their sodden clothing.
Robert was the first to speak. "We found evidence that Sir Richard has been on our lands," he stated grimly.
"Aye. Cian and Kate's cottage was burned to the ground and the two were left for dead," Cormac muttered darkly. "They managed to escape into the woods without being noticed by Sir Richard's men. We've brought them back to safety with us."
"They'll be staying here until it's safe for them to return home. Kate was badly beaten, and will need some tendin' from Ann. Cian's injuries were nae as bad, but he needs tendin' as well. I've had Helene settle them into the solar above the great hall," Robert added.
"I'll find Ann and arrange for some warm food and hot water for bathing," Irene announced, heading towards the door.
"Can I help, Irene?" Ashley offered.
"Nay, lass, ye stay there by the fire. I have all the help I need." With that, Irene hurried out of the room, calling out to servants as she left.
*****
Ashley stared wide-eyed, from one man to the next, trying to comprehend such an attack on innocent people. Finding her voice, she asked, "What about Finn and Heather, will they be attacked?" She couldn't bear it, if anything happened to that sweet little family.
"We're ordering our tenants in to the outer bailey, until we can run Sir Richard off. 'Twill be crowded, but if need be, we can get everyone through the gates in a hurry. We've lookouts posted along our borders. They'll alert us to any danger."
Did ye see Donal and Fergus, Robert?" Cailin was frowning, obviously concerned for his men.
Robert nodded, pouring himself another mug of Uisge. "Aye, we met with them at the burnt-out cottage. They'd been following Sir Richard and saw what happened. They knew there was naught they could do tae stop the attack. Two against twenty are nae good odds, but they bided their time and were able to help Cian and Kate to safety. We arrived shortly afterwards, and Donal believes the men they followed were nae the only ones Sir Richard has about. They saw messengers being dispatched in three different directions. So, there may be as many as eighty to a hundred men approaching us, from all sides. I've sent more men out to search for evidence of these elusive bastards. But until we know for sure how many we're dealing with, keeping the clan close is best."
Cailin paced back and forth, deep in thought. "We have enough men prepared for battle; we should be able to handle them easily. Ye think they're unaware we know their plans?"
Robert nodded firmly. "Aye. It seems so."
Ashley suffered a sick feeling, deep in the pit of her stomach. Fighting was something that she had only ever seen on the news, she'd never seen a battle in real life, and this situation, in this time, could only be worse than her imaginings. These people, who had been so kind to her in the past few days, could be hurt or killed. She turned to Cailin, finding he was watching her closely. Tears welled in her eyes at the thought of what could happen to them, and yet they all seemed so maddeningly calm. Cailin knelt in front of her and gently brushed a single tear from her cheek with his thumb.
"All will be well, Ashley, love. Dinnae fash." He took her hand in his and standing upright, pulled her gently to her feet. "Ye look tired, lass. I'll walk with ye back to yer room."
*****
Upstairs, Cailin opened the door to Ashley's sleeping quarters and followed her inside. She hadn't said a word since they left Robert and Cormac behind. He watched as Ashley sank wearily into the chair beside the fireplace. Cailin started a fire in the hearth, and then stood behind her, resting his hands on her shoulders.
"I'd feel better if I could help somehow," she stated quietly.
"I'll talk to Irene tomorrow. With all the families arriving, there will be much to be done. She will need yer help."
Ashley nodded and offered him a shaky smile over her shoulder.
"I'll have Helene bring a tray of food up for ye and I'll check on Destiny. I'm sorry to leave ye now, but I must speak more with Robert and Cormac." Cailin didn't want to leave her, she'd been so happy all day and in a split-second, that had all changed. He desperately wanted to stay and be alone with Ashley, to continue what they'd started earlier, but those were selfish thoughts. There were more important things to worry about, for now.
She stood up and turned around, so she could search his eyes. "It's okay. I understand."
Cailin gently cupped her chin in his hand. "I wish today had ended differently," he admitted.
"Me, too." She smiled up at him and her beauty nearly made his knees buckle. He pulled her close and his lips met hers, in a kiss that said everything he believed they were both thinking and feeling. He was the first one to pull away, albeit unwillingly.
"Good night, Ashley, love," he murmured. He pressed another brief kiss against her forehead and slipped out the door, before he could talk himself into staying.

TWENTY
The rain continued the next day, making a muddy mess everywhere. People were arriving from all directions, some on foot, and others riding horses or bundled in carts. Irene put Ashley in charge of supervising the children and they were all led into the great hall as they arrived, to keep them safely out of the way of the preparations taking place. The kitchen staff had been hard at work all night, and kept a steady flow of broth, bread, and sweet cakes coming. The smell of wet clothing from so many bodies was a bit overwhelming, but Ashley did her best to ignore it and made sure each child was well fed and happy.
Heather and Finn's children arrived in the great hall just before the noon meal, and excitedly ran to greet Ashley.
"Lady! Lady!" Mary threw her little arms around Ashley's legs and hugged her tightly.
"Mary!" Ashley was relieved to see the little girl. She'd been worrying that they wouldn't make it to the castle safely. She lowered herself to Mary's level and gave her a big hug.
"Da brought the puppies, lady!"
"I'm happy to hear that," Ashley reassured her with a smile.
William stood next to Mary, and his demeanor suggested he wanted a hug, but he was trying to be tough. Ashley pulled him in and put her arms around his back and he shyly returned the embrace.
"The puppies be in the stables," William said.
"Maybe we can go and see them later, William, but for now, would you take your brothers and sisters to a table to get some food? I'll talk to you afterwards, when you've had something to eat."
"Aye, Lady Ashley." Taking Craig and Mary by the hands, he guided his siblings to the nearest empty table.
The room was filled with the sounds of children, happily eating and talking together. It was important to keep them busy while their parents were being settled and it took Ashley's mind off her fear of what was going to happen.
Ashley spent the rest of the day with the children, making sure they were fed, calming fears and gathering groups together to tell them numerous stories. She began with nursery rhymes she remembered from her own childhood and progressed through every fairy tale she could recall.
"Ashley, it's pleased I am, that yer keeping the bairns busy while their parents get settled. I'm especially grateful that ye've got mine with ye as well," Irene said with a grin, when she hurried by at one stage.
"You're welcome. I'm just happy to help."
Late in the afternoon, mothers began to arrive, to reclaim their children and take them back to their temporary homes for the evening meal. After the last of the children were collected, the men began to arrive in the hall searching for food, after finishing training for the day. Ashley was emotionally and physically exhausted and had slumped at one of the tables when she spied Irene heading towards her.
"Ashley, thank ye again for yer help this day," Irene said warmly.
"You're most welcome. I enjoyed spending time with the children, it made me feel useful."
"The children love ye. My own can't stop speaking of ye." Irene rubbed Ashley's shoulder affectionately.
"I love them as well. I was impressed with how well behaved they were, under such trying circumstances."
Irene nodded in agreement and glanced around the great hall, which was rapidly filling with hungry men.
"Ye'll likely want to eat in yer room tonight. Robert and me brothers will nae be joining us for the evening meal and I still have much to do before I retire."
"Okay. Can I help you with anything else?"
Irene shook her head. "Nae. Ye should eat and then have a good night's rest. I'll have a tray sent up for ye."
Ashley stifled a yawn. "Good night then. I'll see you in the morning." She was disappointed not to see Cailin, but exhaustion was rapidly overtaking her.
"Good night, Ashley," Irene said warmly.
*****
The next few days passed in a blur of activity, but eventually the clan was settled in and life returned to a more normal routine for the clan members. Ashley had not seen Cailin since the night he'd escorted her to her sleeping quarters and she found she was missing him. He was her anchor in this crazy world she'd found herself in. Cailin had the ability to calm her nerves and made her feel safe in a world where she didn't belong. She had a desperate desire to see Cailin and set about trying to locate him.
Ashley wandered through the interior of the castle and not finding Cailin there, she decided to check the inner bailey. She swung the doors open and scanned the courtyard. There were so many people working and making their homes here currently, that it was difficult to distinguish one person from the next. Ashley checked inside the stables and some of the other buildings, but he wasn't anywhere to be seen. She was about to give up and head back inside, when she caught sight of him, striding towards the main gates.
The sight of his handsome face brought an excited smile to her lips and Ashley opened her mouth to call out a greeting. The words died in her throat, when a very beautiful blonde woman ran to Cailin and threw herself into his arms. The woman gazed adoringly into his face and said something, her voice too low for Ashley to distinguish the words. Ashley froze in her tracks when Cailin laughed; appearing delighted by the gorgeous woman's close proximity. Ashley couldn't believe her eyes and watched in rapidly increasing dismay as Cailin draped his arm over the woman's slender shoulders, leading her out of sight.
Tears stung at Ashley's eyes and she turned and ran back inside, flopping onto the bed in disgust.
How stupid are you, Ashley? She berated herself angrily. He's just like every man you've ever dated. Just because he seemed very interested, and he said and did all the right things, doesn't mean he's the one. You know better than to trust any guy, even one who seems so sweet and sincere. What a joke that is. He's probably got something going on with dozens of women. He's the sixteenth century equivalent of a player.
This wasn't good. She had no one to talk to about this situation, she was stuck in the wrong century, and she had no way of finding her way home. She needed her friend Jenna and she couldn't even call her. Tears streamed down her face as she conducted a running dialogue in her head.
You need to get out of here, Ashley. You haven't been thinking clearly since all this craziness began. You don't belong in medieval Scotland! You can't just sit around and wait for someone to rescue you! You're going to have to figure this out yourself.
She pushed herself up from the bed and paced back and forth across the room for a few minutes, thinking feverishly. She was angry, she was jealous and she was in full fight or flight mode, determined something had to be done immediately.
If I leave now, I can probably make it halfway back to the bridge by the time darkness falls, and then travel the remainder of the way tomorrow. The weather had improved after the storm blew over, so now was the perfect time to leave. She'd show that Highland Romeo - she didn't need him, Ashley Moore didn't need anyone.
With a new sense of determination, Ashley grabbed up the few meager belongings she'd unpacked and stuffed them in the backpack, and then headed downstairs.

TWENTY-ONE
Cormac watched Ashley, as she quickly walked away from the keep. Where could she be off to, in such a hurry? Cailin would nae be pleased with Cormac, if he let her come to any harm and so he decided to follow her, partly out of curiosity and partly to ensure the lass's safety.
He was thoroughly enjoying the view of Ashley's rounded and shapely buttocks, when she suddenly spoke.
"I know you're following me, Cormac," Ashley snapped, sounding none too pleased. "How am I supposed to find my way back to town, when no one will take me and I get watched like a hawk whenever I try to sneak away? Someone's always hovering," she muttered angrily.
Cormac ignored her rant. "These are dangerous times, Ashley," Cormac said calmly. "Cailin would have me head if I'd seen you leaving the castle and didnae escort ye properly to yer destination. I was merely giving you some space."
"I don't need an escort," she yelled.
"No need to be angry, lass. We're only concerned for your safety."
Ashley just growled and increased her pace.
"Where are ye off to in such a hurry?"
"Glendaloch."
Cormac raised an eyebrow. "And where is this Glendaloch you speak of?"
"I'm not sure, but I think it's this way." Cormac thought she looked uncertain, but she pointed straight ahead.
Cormac smiled knowingly. "Why do ye walk so fast, lass?"
"I always walk fast."
"I ken that, but why?"
"Because it's how I stay in shape."
Cormac reached out and caught her arm, puzzled by her strange words. "In shape?" he repeated.
"I don't want to get fat," she explained tersely, her voice confirming to Cormac she'd rather be anywhere but here and dealing with him. Again, he wondered why she'd stormed off from the castle in such a state, but he would find the underlying cause of it in time.
"Fat?" he echoed. This lassie was beautiful, but she had some strange ways of talking and thinking, which he nae understood.
Her response was to puff out her cheeks and try to make her slim body look rounder.
Cormac laughed, but spoke quickly to reassure her. "Yer nae fat, lass. Truth be told, yer quite bonnie."
"That's kind of you to say, but where I come from, men like women who look like they haven't eaten in months."
"These men where you come from must be daft," Cormac growled. "When I said I was walking behind ye to give ye some space, it wasnae the entire truth. 'Twas because ye have such a sweet wee bottom and I like the way it swings back and forth when ye walk." He offered her a cheeky grin. "I think it would be even better though, if ye slow down a wee bit."
Her face reddened with embarrassment and she lowered her gaze to the grass. "Thank you, I think," she stammered.
Cormac shrugged. "Come, lass, let me walk with ye, but there be no Glendaloch where ye be headed." He took her hand and placed it in the crook of his arm.
Ashley started muttering again, but Cormac could make nae sense of her words. "How am I ever going to get back to my hotel?" she grumbled in a low voice. "Obviously, I'm not going to get there today, not with you tagging along. Besides, I have to admit, I'm not even sure which direction Glendaloch is in."
"Did ye say something, lass?" Cormac tried very hard to hide his amusement at Ashley's way of dealing with problems. If this is what she did every time she had troubles, Cailin was surely going to be kept well amused by this woman he seemed so besotted with.
"It's not important."
Cormac decided to ignore her ranting and do his best to figure out how to abort her escape plan. Cailin would surely thank him later, if he could convince her to return to the castle.
*****
They walked on in silence and came to the top of a bluff. Down below was a beautiful beach and Ashley let out a small cry of delight. "Is there a way down?"
Cormac nodded and gave her one of those breathtaking MacBayne smiles, before he led her towards a narrow path winding its way down towards the sand. He went first and held his hand out for her to take. Holding her fingers tightly in his, he carefully guided her along behind him.
"Thank you, Cormac. I can use all the help I can get with this damn gown I have to wear."
Cormac suffered a twinge of guilt as he guided Ashley, aware that it was wrong of him to be enjoying her company. He didn't want to think about what Cailin would do to him, if Cormac let anything happen to Ashley, so he needed to be here with her, he rationalized.
The sheer joy on Ashley's face was worth the pounding he'd probably take, if Cailin discovered where they were.
They sat side-by-side on the sand and watched the waves crashing on the shore.
"It's so beautiful," Ashley sighed. "I've always loved the beach. When I was a little girl, my family would rent a cottage every summer. My Dad and I would hunt for beach glass, pretty rocks, and seashells. One summer I found a beautiful moonstone on the beach. Dad had it professionally cut, polished and made into a pendant for me. I told him I'd never take it off. I've worn it every day for years." Her hands touched her neck absently where the moonstone had once lain, but she must have lost it back at the bridge.
Cormac didn't understand all she spoke of, but he sensed she was quite distressed.
"Why are ye not wearing it then, lass?" He gazed at the spot where her hand rested at her throat.
"I lost it," she said solemnly. "It's the only thing I had left from my father and now it's gone." Tears welled up in her eyes and Cormac did his best to keep them from falling.
"'Tis a shame. Mayhap we could find you another."
"No, it wouldn't be the same," she sniffled. "But thank you, it was a lovely thought."
"So, do ye want to tell me the real reason ye were trying to walk away from us?" Cormac asked quietly.
Ashley remained silent for a long time and he wondered if she would tell him it was nae his business. Just as he was about to give up and suggest they walk back up the bluff, she sighed and spoke.
"I've been a fool."
"A fool?"
Ashley tugged at the skirt of her gown, twisting the fabric between her fingers. "I'm not from around here, you know that."
Cormac nodded.
"I guess I just misread the signs with Cailin," Ashley admitted in a rush, fearful she'd lose her courage before she could finish explaining. "I thought your brother was…" she didn't know how to put it, so Cormac would understand. "I thought your brother was interested in me," she admitted miserably. "I thought that we were becoming more than just friends."
Cormac threw his head back and chuckled. "Cailin, he's verra interested in ye, lass. So interested, he would be most angry if he knew I was sitting here with ye on this beach, enjoying yer company on this glorious day."
"If he's so interested in me, why was he with someone else this morning?" Ashley snapped angrily. "He had his arm wrapped around her and they were laughing together as they strolled off."
"Do ye ken who she was, lass?" Cormac asked curiously. He doubted there was anything-untoward going on; the look he'd seen in Cailin's eyes told Cormac his brother was serious about Ashley.
"No. Remember, I'm not from around here," Ashley admitted miserably.
Cormac silently vowed he would pummel his brother, if Cailin broke Ashley's heart.
"Ashley, I dinnae ken what's happened, but I ken Cailin. I've seen the way he looks at ye and I have never seen him look at another lass in the same way. That's the honest truth, I swear. He is quite taken with ye, lass."
He caught a little ray of hope spark in her eyes, but just as quickly, it faded away. "But why was he with that girl?"
"I think ye need to ask him that question yerself, lassie. And I think when ye do, ye'll be happy with his answer."
*****
Cailin had been so busy over the past few days, he'd barely had time to sleep, and worse, he hadn't had any time at all to see Ashley. He missed her. He was never as happy when he was separated from her. Worse, he felt guilty for leaving her alone while they'd struggled to get everyone settled. He'd been on his way to find her this morning, determined to spend at least a few minutes in her company, when he was sidetracked by Kenna, who'd just arrived with Cailin's good friend, Gavin. He hadn't seen his childhood friends since they'd married last year and had left the keep to begin their life together. Cailin was delighted to see Kenna and happily agreed to go with her to greet Gavin. "Only for a few minutes though," he warned Kenna. "I've things I need to get done this morn."
Kenna led him through the multitude of campsites set up in the outer bailey. Gavin was busy setting up their shelter as Cailin and Kenna approached.
"Gavin," Cailin called.
Gavin glanced up and gave his friend a huge grin. He hurried across the space separating them and locked arms with Cailin, who pulled him into a fierce hug.
"'Tis good to see ye," Cailin said.
"Aye. 'Tis good indeed," Gavin agreed.
"I'm sorry there be no room fer ye in the keep." Every square inch of space seemed to be filled with warriors or tenants and their families, and had been for more than twenty-four hours.
"I ken there are many who have come in for their safety," Gavin agreed.
"'Tis good to see ye both. It brings back fond memories of yer days fostering with Robert," Cailin reminded him. It was common practice among the clans, to send their sons to be raised by a respected leader or friend.
"Aye, that it does. I have yer clan to thank for taking me in, else I may not have met me lovely wife." He lovingly cupped Kenna's chin in his palm and pressed a kiss to her forehead.
"My Da loved Robert," Kenna said. "He was so happy being his first in command, and he got to know Gavin and love him like a son during his time here at Breaghacraig. Ye ken he passed last year, just after our marriage. He'd been sick for months. We thought he'd recover, but 'twas not to be." Kenna seemed like she might cry.
"Aye. We were all verra sad to hear the news, especially Robert," Cailin admitted.
They caught up on family news while Cailin helped Gavin with the shelter he'd been building. They made quick work of it and when they were finished, Gavin and Cailin promised to meet with each other later at the evening meal. Cailin bid them goodbye and went off in search of Ashley, determined to find her amongst the growing crowds.
He searched in the castle's interior first, disappointed to discover no one had seen her this day. He visited her chambers, but they were empty. He thought he'd try the stables, thinking she might be checking on Destiny.
When he strode into the stables, he was disappointed to find Ashley hadn't been there either. He was starting to get anxious. Where could she be? He went out into the bailey and searched some more. One of his men announced he'd seen her earlier in the morning and she'd seemed in a hurry as she left the castle grounds.
Cailin asked the gatekeeper if he'd seen her, and was alarmed when the gatekeeper told him Ashley had passed through many hours ago. He wasn't sure whether he should be relieved or alarmed when the man also confirmed Cormac had followed her when she left. The gatekeeper pointed him in the direction she was headed and Cailin took off after her at an urgent pace. What was she doing, walking off on her own? He was relieved Cormac had followed her, but why hadn't his brother just come and found Cailin, so that he could go after her himself? He'd warned Cormac to stay away from her and a surge of jealousy bit at his heart. She was his woman, not Cormac's.
Cailin had known Ashley would be his, from the moment he rescued her from that man on the bridge. He'd never met a woman like her before, an amazing woman whom he thought about constantly. She had him feeling emotions he'd never experienced before, but right now, he was anything but happy with Ashley Moore. In fact, he was downright angry. She knew it wasn't safe to leave the castle on her own, especially in the current circumstances. If anything happened to her… he couldn't bear to think about it and instead he just concentrated on what he was going to do when he found her.
*****
"Cormac!" a voice bellowed from up above, where Cormac and Ashley sat on the beach. Cormac glanced around to confirm it was Cailin staring down at them, with an angry scowl marring his otherwise handsome face.
"'Tis Cailin," Cormac remarked calmly.
"I can see that," Ashley responded with a roll of her eyes.
Cormac looked at Ashley with a cheeky grin on his face, as he tucked a windblown lock of hair behind her ear. He waved merrily up at his brother and reached for Ashley's hand to help her up from the sand.
Although only seconds had passed, while they brushed the sand from their clothes, Cailin was marching down the beach towards them with the same scowl in place when Cormac glanced up.
Cormac saw Ashley cringe, as Cailin shoved him aside and focused his anger on her.
"What do ye think yer doing here? I've been looking all over for ye!" he snapped.
Cormac opened his mouth to retort, but before he could get a word out, Ashley's eyes flashed with anger and she snapped at Cailin. "If you must know, I went for a walk - not that it's any of your business!"
Cormac stifled a laugh, but not before Cailin took notice of his amusement.
"You should nae be encouraging her behavior, brother," Cailin snarled.
Again, Cormac tried to speak, but Ashley didn't give him any opportunity.
"He was not encouraging anything! If I want to go for a walk, I damn well will! Cormac saw me leaving and decided I needed some company. We've been having a lovely time, sitting here on the beach watching the waves and talking."
Cormac saw the jealousy come crashing down over Cailin, like the waves hitting the shore. It was apparent Cailin could hardly contain his anger and Cormac briefly reconsidered whether taunting his brother by touching Ashley's hair had been as good an idea as it had first seemed. Cormac braced his feet more firmly in the sand, preparing for his brother's imminent attack.
"We're going home now," Cailin announced firmly, shooting a warning glare at Cormac as he put his arm around Ashley possessively. "Cormac, yer services are nae longer needed. I'll see that Ashley gets back home to the castle safely."
"I'll be coming back with ye then, since 'tis my home as well." Cormac winked at Ashley, who couldn't stop her giggle. Cormac suspected she was enjoying having both men's attention on her.
Confirming his suspicions, he watched as Ashley wriggled out of Cailin's grip and planted herself squarely between them.
"Shall we?" she queried, as she started walking without them.
The MacBayne boys both watched the gentle sway of her hips appreciatively, as she walked away. Cormac didn't quite hide his open admiration quickly enough, and Cailin punched him on the arm, giving Cormac an angry glare. "I'll deal with you, later," he warned, before he strode off to catch up with Ashley.
Although Cormac's arm stung from the blow, he could barely restrain his laughter as he made his way up the beach towards the bluff. No doubt, his brother was falling hard for the lass. Of that, he was positive.
*****
The walk back was uncomfortable for all of them. Cailin found himself in a verbal battle with Ashley, whilst Cormac was sullenly doing his best to mind his own business. Cailin noticed Cormac's pace dropped considerably, so he could create some distance between them and himself. Cailin could nae blame his brother - given the opportunity, he would have avoided this verbal onslaught also.
"Stop treating me like a child!" Ashley complained.
"Stop acting like a child!" Cailin retorted.
"I am not acting like one!"
"Oh, so you are one then?"
Ashley rolled her eyes. "Oh for goodness sake!"
"'Tis for yer own good, lass. I've known ye but a short time and I've had to save you twice already, once from the man on the bridge and a second time from Sir Richard's arrows."
"I beg your pardon! I don't think I've asked for, or needed your help - and if I remember correctly, I saved you and managed to get you back home before you died from your wounds!"
"She has a point there, brother," Cormac piped up.
"Hush Cormac. Dinnae stick yer nose in where it doesnae belong or ye may find yerself without it."
Cormac immediately lapsed into silence, confirming he'd learned from experience that Cailin always meant what he said.
"I'm nae going to argue about this anymore," Cailin growled at Ashley. "Ye will not leave the keep on yer own again. I'll nae see any harm come to ye, not while yer my responsibility."
"You can't tell me what to do," Ashley argued.
"I can and I have. You will do as yer told, or I'll lock ye in yer quarters until ye see reason."
Ashley sighed loudly, but made no further comment.
When they reached the doors to the castle, Ashley turned to Cormac. "I had a lovely time today, thank you."
Cormac gave her a courtly bow, "It was my pleasure, lass."
Cailin glared at them both and grabbed Ashley's arm, dragging her upstairs to her chamber. He practically pushed her through the door; his rage had built to such a point.
"You have no right to treat me this way!" Ashley cried. She turned her back on him, but he'd seen the tears forming in her eyes.
Cailin realized he was being too hard on her, but he was terrified something would happen to her. Or worse - that she might prefer Cormac's company to his.
Taking a deep breath and calming himself, he spoke quietly. "I'm sorry, lass. I'll return to escort you to the evening meal."
She refused to answer him and Cailin left her chambers, feeling utterly miserable.

TWENTY-TWO
Helene helped Ashley prepare for the evening meal. It would be the first time she'd eaten in the great hall since preparations had begun to defend the castle against Sir Richard. Ashley had dressed in the same beautiful green gown Irene had loaned her. She only had two gowns to choose from - unlike her closet back home - which had been crammed full of clothes and shoes. Irene had sent the castle seamstress to visit Ashley earlier, so she could be measured for her own wardrobe. Ashley had tried to argue against the necessity, she wouldn't need more clothing as she'd be leaving soon, but Irene wouldn't hear it.
Helene was finishing with Ashley's hair, when there was a knock at the chamber door.
"Come in," she called.
A very handsome Cailin opened the door and entered. His heated gaze studied Ashley from head to toe and he nodded approvingly.
"You look lovely, lass," Cailin said appreciatively.
"Thank you. You clean up nice yourself," she begrudgingly admitted. She was still hurt and angry over his mystery blonde.
"Ashley, I'm sorry for my behavior earlier. Can ye forgive me?"
When she didn't answer, he continued quietly. "Ye ken I was just worried for yer safety, but when I saw ye with Cormac… I was jealous. I behaved verra badly. I dinnae wish to share ye with anyone."
She still didn't respond.
"Do ye have feelings for him, then?" he asked cautiously.
Cailin seemed so contrite, it was pulling at Ashley's heartstrings, but the hurt she'd been subjected to would not allow for kind words. She wouldn't let him off the hook that easily.
"I like Cormac, very much," she began.
She watched as pain lanced Cailin's beautiful grey eyes. "I think of him as a brother and good friend. You say you don't want to share me with anyone, and yet I'm supposed to be okay with sharing you? I don't think so."
Cailin appeared very confused. "Who exactly would ye be sharing me with, lass?" he asked.
"Don't act all innocent with me." The anger boiled up in her chest again and everything burst out at once. "I went looking for you this morning. I hadn't seen you for days and call me crazy, but for some reason I thought I missed you. I saw you in the courtyard, just as that, that woman threw herself at you! I thought you might push her away, but no, you go ahead and put your arm around her and the two of you were laughing together and strolling out through the gates without a care in the world. I assumed that's where you'd been spending your time, and that's when I decided I wasn't staying here and I was going to return to Glendaloch."
Much to her disgust, Cailin didn't even try to contain his laughter. "Yer jealous," he chuckled.
"Don't you laugh at me, you big jerk!" She swatted at him and he grabbed her and pulled her into his arms. Ashley found herself nose to nose with the handsome highlander and she couldn't wriggle out of his grasp.
"Ashley, dinnae fash like that," Cailin ordered. "Ye have nae reason to be jealous. The woman you saw me with is Kenna. We've been friends since we were bairns; she's like a sister to me. She's married to my friend, Gavin."
The anger left Ashley's body in a silent whoosh. She felt like an idiot. She couldn't even bring herself to face Cailin.
"Look at me," he commanded, lifting her chin with his finger.
She lifted her eyes to his and all the anger and jealousy left her as she recognized the truth of what he'd said in his eyes.
"Ashley Moore, there is no one that I want more than ye," he said quietly. He kissed her soundly and she melted into his arms. Ashley could feel his reluctance when he pulled away. "If we weren't expected downstairs, I'd be showing ye exactly what I mean."
"Maybe later?" she asked hopefully.
"Aye, later. Definitely."
*****
Ashley kept her eyes lowered as they entered the great hall. She was very aware that heads were turning as Cailin proudly escorted her through the crowd. He stopped momentarily and seemed to be searching for someone. He suddenly grasped Ashley's hand in his and guided her to a table on the other side of the hall.
"Ashley, I'd like ye to meet Gavin and Kenna."
Gavin got to his feet and took Ashley's hand in his, raising it to his lips. He was as fair-headed as his wife was, and had sparkling green eyes. Gavin wasn't as tall as Cailin and Cormac, but had a stocky, muscular build. Kenna was a petite woman with bright blue eyes set in an attractive face. She greeted Ashley warmly.
"It's so nice to meet you both," Ashley said. She was a little embarrassed by her earlier assumptions regarding Cailin and Kenna's relationship.
She quickly discovered she had nothing to fear however, when Kenna smiled sweetly at her. "Cailin ye've been hiding Ashley from us," she teased. "She's lovely."
"I didnae want to just tell ye of Ashley, I wanted ye to meet her, so ye could see for yerself why I'm so taken with this beautiful woman."
Ashley saw Kenna and Gavin exchange knowing looks, while she blushed profusely.
"Ashley, we've known Cailin since we were wee ones and he's never introduced us to any lass. Ye must be verra special," Gavin said.
By now, Ashley assumed she was tomato red. She couldn't seem to find her voice and she squirmed beneath their scrutiny.
Kenna came to her rescue. "Ye boys are embarrassing poor Ashley. Enough with this talk. Ashley, I look forward to getting to know you. I can tell ye lots of embarrassing stories about yer man here."
"I'd like that," Ashley laughed.
"Come, lass," Cailin said. "They're waiting for us at the head table. Gavin, Kenna," he nodded to his friends. "We'll talk more soon."
As they walked to the dais, which held the head table, Ashley apologized. "Cailin, I'm so sorry for assuming you were seeing Kenna."
"Dinnae fash, lass, it proves you care for me and I'm happy to ken it." He squeezed her hand as he held her chair out for her. Once she was seated, Cailin leaned down and kissed her cheek before taking his seat on her left.
Cormac was seated to Ashley's right and he looked at her with some concern in his eyes.
"All is well, lass?" he asked.
"Yes, and I feel pretty dumb at the moment."
"I see ye've met the offending lass?"
"Uh huh, I did, and she is a very sweet girl."
"Good. I'm happy yer worries have been put to rest."
There was a festive atmosphere in the great hall, despite the circumstances that had brought them together. Goblets were raised and many toasts made throughout the gathering of the clan.
Irene and Robert were busy with their children, who'd been given permission to eat with the adults on this special occasion. Ashley watched the family and was happy to be a part of their lives, even if it was only for a brief period of time. Despite clearing the air with Cailin, Ashley was determined to leave as soon as possible. No matter how attracted she was to Cailin, she needed to return to her own life.
*****
When the meal ended and the tables were cleared, space was made available for dancing. Soon musicians and their instruments appeared, and the room buzzed with excitement. In a way, it reminded Ashley of the wedding receptions she'd attended in the last few years. The only thing missing from this one was a bride.
When the musicians started playing a lively song, Irene and Kenna grabbed Ashley and drew her out onto the makeshift dance floor. The music was fast, the tempo quick-paced and the women whirled around, giggling and laughing. Ashley did her best to copy what Kenna and Irene did, but decided after a few minutes it really didn't matter. She hooked her arms through Kenna's, and then Irene's and then with the other women who'd joined the dancing. The men stomped their feet and clapped their hands and eventually switched places with the women.
Ashley danced with Cailin, who whirled her around the room until she was dizzy. Cormac requested a dance with her next, followed by Robert, Gavin and a string of other men whom she didn't know by name, but recognized as members of the clan.
Out of breath, Ashley stumbled from the dance floor. Cailin greeted her, offering Ashley a mug of ale to quench her thirst.
"Are ye enjoying yerself, lass?" he asked.
"Yes," she agreed breathlessly. "This is so much fun!"
"Would ye like to get some fresh air?" Cailin suggested casually.
Ashley caught the seductive glint in his eyes. "I would," she smiled.
Cailin took her hand and led her through the crowds. Once outside, Cailin strode towards the heavy stone stairs, which went up to the battlements. Cailin greeted the men on watch and guided Ashley to a concealed spot, where they could be alone.
"Wow," Ashley gasped. "Look at the stars, they're unbelievable."
It was a clear, crisp night and the sky was full of stars. She had never seen so many before.
Ashley shivered as the cool night air hit her sweat-dampened skin and Cailin pulled her back against his chest and held her close. She sank appreciatively into the warmth of his body, aware of the telltale hardness pressing against her buttocks.
Cailin dipped his head to her neck and pressed soft, slow kisses from the base of her neck, working upwards until he was nipping lightly at her ear. Ashley tipped her head back to give him better access, and small, satisfied sounds came from her throat. Her breath quickened when Cailin's hands found her breasts. His arousal pressed even more insistently against her and she wiggled against him, thrilled by his low groan of frustration.
Cailin turned her to face him and Ashley felt the stones of the fortified wall against her back when he captured her lips with his. His tongue invaded her mouth and tangled with hers. His hands were everywhere, stroking, caressing. He made it apparent he wanted her and Ashley definitely wanted him. Cailin slipped his hand into the bodice of her dress, exposing her breast and one pert, dusky pink nipple. He pinched the rosy nub, his mouth tracing a path across her upper chest. Ashley moaned at the exquisite physical contact and Cailin responded by sucking her breast into his mouth and grinding his hardened manhood against her with a rumbling groan. Ashley could hardly breathe. The throbbing ache of desire between her thighs had her mind in a fog. She wanted more, but this was not the place, no matter how exciting it might be.
Finding her voice, Ashley begged. "Cailin, not here."
His breath was ragged when he stopped and nodded. His forehead met hers and he looked longingly into her eyes. It took him a minute to get himself under control, but then he adjusted Ashley's gown and quickly kissed her lips.
"Come." He grabbed her hand and pulled her along behind him, as he headed for the keep and hopefully, his chambers.
Ashley was still enveloped in a sensual haze. She'd never been one to engage in casual sex, but this was definitely going to be the exception. She knew, instinctively, that sex with Cailin would be anything but casual.
*****
They'd crossed the courtyard together, and were so focused on one another; that they almost ran right into Kenna and Gavin.
"There ye are," Gavin winked at Cailin. "We were wondering where ye'd gone off to."
Once again, Ashley was blushing. It was dark outside, so she hoped no one would notice when she put her hand to her face.
Receiving no response, Gavin seemed to decide it would be a good idea to tease them further. "Yer looking a bit off, Cailin. Is all well with ye?"
Cailin growled, "Aye, all was well and I dared to think it might continue to be well, until now." He was squeezing Ashley's hand so hard, that she yelped. "I'm sorry, lass," he apologized, kissing the fingers he had just crushed.
"It's okay, why don't we go back inside and join the others?" Ashley sighed. She couldn't see any way of sneaking off, not with everyone intent on enjoying the party-like atmosphere, which enveloped the castle this evening. Someone was bound to notice they were missing.
The expression on Cailin's face spoke volumes and his two old friends read him like a book. Kenna took Ashley's hand and pulled her away from Cailin, smiling sweetly back at the two men they were leaving behind. "I promised Ashley some embarrassing stories. Isn't that right, Ashley?"
"Yes, you did." She hated walking away from the promise of a night in Cailin's arms, but this was the sixteenth century and she shouldn't be behaving like the castle tramp. They'd have to wait until later… much later. With that thought firmly in mind, she followed Kenna back into the great hall.
The rest of the evening was spent with everyone but the one person she really wanted to be with. They exchanged longing glances when they spied each other across the room, but it seemed the castle occupants were determined to keep them away from each other. Eventually they won, when Ashley decided it was time to retire for the evening. Glancing around, she couldn't see Cailin anywhere, nor did she catch sight of Gavin or Cormac. Irene and Robert had long since headed to their chambers.
"Kenna, I'm exhausted, I'm going to bed. I wanted to say good night to Cailin, but I can't see him."
"I'm sure he's with Gavin and Cormac. They're probably well into their cups by now, but I'll tell Cailin you've gone to bed, should I see him."
"Thank you, Kenna, and good night. I hate to leave you here all alone."
"Dinnae fash, I'll be fine. I will see ye in the morn."
"Helene," Ashley called across the room. "Can you help me get out of this gown?"
Helene nodded and exchanged a quick word with the handsome highlander she'd been sitting with. The man kissed her hand and Helene hurried to follow Ashley upstairs.
Ashley hoped Cailin would find his way to her chambers before the night was done, but if she were honest with herself, it was best if he didn't. Should she really be encouraging his attentions, when she was going to be leaving soon?
Lying in bed, Ashley stared into the darkness. Fate had been a cruel master. The one man Ashley was convinced she was meant to be with, and he had to be from not only a different country, but also from a different century. A century to which she didn't belong.
*****
Cailin could not escape Gavin and Cormac, no matter how hard he tried. Every time he thought he'd slip away, they'd insist on filling his mug with more Uisge Beatha and propose another toast. The only thing he wanted to do, was finish what he'd begun with Ashley. He was having a hard time thinking of anything else and his brother and Gavin had taken advantage of his inattention, by seeing to it that he was in no condition to go searching for her.
"What are ye up to," Cailin slurred as they distracted him once again.
"What do ye mean, Cailin? We're nae up to anythin'." Gavin laughed, and clapped him on the back. "I just wanted tae spend time with my friends. We've nae done this in a right long while."
"Yer right, Gavin, but I think our Cailin here be wishing he were with a certain lass, who's caught his eye."
"Aye. She'll nae be happy that I just disappeared without a word," Cailin muttered darkly.
"Dinnae fash, my brother. She's probably gone away to bed and is soundly sleeping by now."
"Gavin," Kenna called into the darkness. "Where are ye?"
"Here, by the stables," he responded.
"Kenna, where is Ashley?" Cailin asked.
"She's gone to bed. She said I should tell ye good night."
Cailin cursed under his breath. He knew it would do him no good to seek her bed this night; he was so far into his cups he could hardly stand, without leaning against Cormac and Gavin. And by the look of his brother and his friend, they were nae better off. Nae, he shook his head to himself, he wouldnae do that to her. He only hoped he'd get another opportunity.
"It looks like ye all need to find yer beds, before ye end up sleeping here in the stables," Kenna scolded. "Come, Gavin, I need ye to walk me back to our shelter."
"Aye, me love. I'd be happy to take a beauty such as yerself back with me." He winked at his friends and swatted Kenna's behind. She gave him a look of mock outrage, but then put her arm around his waist and led him off to bed.
Cailin watched Cormac hoot at the couple as they disappeared into the darkness. Cailin, on the other hand was thinking how nice it would be to head to his chambers with Ashley by his side.
It seemed Cormac could read his mind - even in his disheveled state - and he wrapped his arm around Cailin's shoulders. "Brother, come. Let's be off to bed. Ye can see yer lass again in the morn."

TWENTY-THREE
"Riders approach!" The cry came from high up in the battlements and a flurry of activity ensued, as everyone prepared for the worst. The men grabbed their weapons and hurried to their posts. Cailin, Cormac, and Robert came bursting outside from the keep.
"Who comes!" Robert demanded of Dougall.
"Too far off to tell, sir."
The four men took the stairs to the battlement, two at a time. Dougall pointed to the east and several sets of eyes scanned the horizon, to see two dozen riders approaching. All eyes searched intently, for some sign of whether it was friend or foe. After several tense minutes, Cailin recognized the plaids as those of Ewan MacKenzie, Robert's brother.
"'Tis Ewan, Robert," Cailin proclaimed.
"Aye, I see it now."
They breathed a collective sigh of relief and sent Dougall to spread the word to their warriors to stand down.
*****
At the sound of shouts and commotion, Ashley had left her bedchamber and flown down the stairs. Her heart was in her throat at the thought of the castle being under attack. She found Irene standing near the doors and joined her, awaiting any news.
Cormac burst through the door of the keep first. His bright smile told the anxious women all they needed to know.
"'Tis Ewan and Lady Lena," he announced.
"We'll need to prepare rooms for their arrival. Cormac, please go to the kitchen and tell them we have guests arriving who will need a meal. They will be hungry after their journey," Irene requested.
Helene had been standing nearby and she stepped forward, apparently having overheard the conversation. "I'll see to bedchambers for our guests, m'lady."
"Prepare Cormac and Cailin's rooms for them, please."
Helene was up the stairs and out of sight in a flash.
Ashley stood nearby, watching the activity around her. She was relieved to hear they weren't in imminent danger. She'd been terrified, not just for herself, but for all of the MacKenzie clan, and especially Cailin. Last night had not ended the way she'd hoped, but in the cold light of morning, she was even more certain it was for the best that they hadn't slept together.
Ashley was shivering from both the chilly air and receding fear and she was grateful when Irene took her hand and led her towards the fire. It seemed someone was always watching out for her in Breaghacraig, and Irene was no exception.
"Ewan is Robert's brother," Irene explained as she rubbed Ashley's hands briskly to warm them, "and his wife is Lady Lena. I am so happy for ye to meet her, I think ye'll enjoy her company."
"Is Ewan Robert's younger brother?" Ashley asked.
"Aye. He and Lady Lena reside in the castle I grew up in. Our home was in the foothills off to the east. After our parents passed, I married Robert, our properties were combined, and I moved here to Breaghacraig with my brothers. Robert sent Ewan to oversee our old home. He met Lena and they wed about five years ago. They have twin sons, Ranald and Rowan. I'm sure ye will enjoy playing with them, and I feel ye'll have much in common with Lena."
Ashley wasn't certain how she could have anything in common with a sixteenth century mother of two, but Irene seemed excited about their arrival. "I look forward to meeting them. Is there anything I can help you with before they arrive?"
"Nay. Helene will see to the sleeping arrangements. Cailin and Cormac will sleep in the soldier's quarters while they're here."
"I don't mind giving up my bedchamber. I can sleep in the women's solar," Ashley offered. It seemed wrong to take up space that was obviously needed by others and she had no problem sleeping in the room set aside for the single women of the castle.
"Don't be silly! You're an honored guest here, Ashley. Ye will stay exactly where ye are."
"But…" Ashley began to protest.
"I'll nae hear another word." Ashley knew further arguing would get her nowhere.
"Come, let us sit down, and wait for our guests' arrival. Are ye warm enough now?" Irene asked.
"Yes. I'm fine." Ashley was going to have to do her best to look warm and comfortable so they'd all stop worrying about her.
Irene picked up her needlework from the basket by the fire. She was working on a tapestry and she handed part of it to Ashley to work on.
"I'm not very good with needlepoint, Irene." Ashley was quite craft-oriented back home. She enjoyed sewing, knitting, and crocheting. Of course, the tools were different here compared to what she was used to using in the twenty first century. No fancy sewing machines or craft stores to visit for supplies, but Ashley enjoyed the idea of learning an old world skill from an expert. "Maybe you could teach me. Not on this beautiful tapestry, of course. I'd hate to ruin it."
"Dinnae fash, Ashley." Irene picked up a small corner of the tapestry and a needle and some thread. "I'll show ye a simple stitch and then you can fill this small spot here. If ye have any trouble, we'll just pull it out." She smiled reassuringly at Ashley, who watched carefully and then set to work, trying to duplicate Irene's stitches.
Ashley hadn't been at Breaghacraig very long and fortunately for her, everyone spoke English when she was present. Irene and Cailin had been making a point of teaching her a word of Gaelic here and there. She felt a bit inadequate in the language department. The McKenzie clan was fluent in Gaelic and English and they also spoke Latin and French. She was ashamed to admit to Cailin that she spoke only English, and some high school Spanish, which she rarely if ever used. He wanted to learn, so she was giving him a crash course in Spanish 101. He was picking it up a lot faster than Ashley was learning the few words of Gaelic they'd shared. She'd learned since her arrival, Cailin was not just a pretty face. He was very intelligent and his ability to strategize and problem solve was very attractive to her. In her time, he would be a successful executive, but Ashley had a hard time picturing him in a suit and tie. She preferred him in his tight fitting breeches or in his plaid - shirtless, of course.
From the sounds in the courtyard, their guests had arrived. Irene and Ashley waited at the top of the stairs. They were soon joined by Robert, who stood beside Irene, whilst Cailin and Cormac stood on either side of Ashley, shielding their eyes from the bright morning sunlight. They both appeared a bit hung over from the previous night's drinking, and Ashley was about to tease them, when the gates opened and Ewan and Lena MacKenzie rode in. Their sons followed behind on separate horses, wrapped in fur and cradled protectively in the arms of two large highland warriors. The rest of their party rode closely behind on a range of horses.
Ewan dismounted first and helped Lady Lena from her horse. Taking her arm, he guided her towards those waiting to greet them.
"Robert!" Ewan reached for his brother and embraced him in a bear hug.
"'Tis good to see ye, brother!" Robert clapped Ewan heartily on the back.
While the brothers reintroduced themselves to one another, Lena was greeting Irene. They kissed each other's cheeks and embraced warmly, obviously good friends as well as sisters-in-law. The greetings continued and Ashley began to feel somewhat out of place as everyone talked, hugged, and reminisced.
Ewan was a carbon copy of his brother. Tall and handsome, he had a jovial manner and a winning smile. Lady Lena was a redheaded beauty, with sparkling, emerald green eyes. She looked vaguely familiar, Ashley thought. Lena's gaze flickered over Ashley, just as two little whirlwinds threw themselves around their mother's legs, capturing her attention. Cormac wrestled one of the boys into his arms, as did Cailin. Noticing he had left Ashley alone on the steps, Cailin went to her. He grabbed her hand and hauled her into his side.
"I'm sorry lass, I didnae mean to leave ye alone. Come meet everyone."
As they approached the others, Ashley smiled shyly when all eyes turned to her. She thought everyone must know how uncomfortable she was, when a blush spread across her cheeks. She had never been at ease in these types of situations, never knowing what to say and feeling completely uninteresting.
"Ewan, Lena, I'd like ye to meet Ashley Moore." Cailin kept a hand to the small of Ashley's back, sensing her uneasiness as he made the introductions.
"We're verra pleased to meet ye, Ashley." Ewan took her hand in his and kissed her knuckles, which only succeeded in making Ashley blush even harder.
"It's nice to meet you," Ashley murmured.
"Ye have a most unusual accent, Ashley. Where are ye from?" Lena asked curiously.
"I'm from America, Lady Lena."
Lena stared at Ashley for a split-second too long, before she spoke again. "Please, it's just Lena. No need for formalities."
"Lena, I'd introduce Ashley to the boys, but I don't see them often enough to tell them apart," Cailin said with a roguish grin.
"Of course. Yer holding Rowan and Cormac has Ranald." Lena laughed. "Yer not the only one who cannae tell them apart. We've given them wee bracelets, so everyone at home kens which is which. Ranald's bracelet is blue and Rowan's is green."
"Let us go inside, ye must be hungry after yer long journey." Irene hooked her arm through Lena's as they headed inside, whilst Robert and Ewan each put an arm over the other's shoulder and followed their wives. Cormac carried Ranald inside, tickling the little boy until he shrieked with delight.
Cailin kept his arm around Ashley's waist, even as Rowan was tugging on his hair to get his attention. "Why are ye pulling me hair, Rowan?" Cailin winced in pain, but still smiled good-naturedly at the little boy.
Rowan giggled uncontrollably and hid his face in his chubby hands. Cailin tickled him, which produced even more laughter.
"How old are you, Rowan?" Ashley asked.
Rowan stopped laughing just long enough to hold up three fingers.
"Three? You're such a big boy!"
Rowan nodded enthusiastically and then went back to pulling Cailin's hair and laughing. Cailin was so sweet with him, just as he had been with all the children she'd seen him interact with. There was no doubt about it; she was falling hard for Cailin. She looked up at him and gave him an adoring smile, which was answered with a kiss on the cheek. She could feel her resolve rapidly melting away. She wanted him and didn't think she'd be very successful at keeping her distance for too much longer.
*****
It was still early morning and the great hall was buzzing with activity, everyone talking and laughing together as they caught up on news and gossip since their last meeting. The twins, now down on the floor, were running circles around the adults and playing peek-a-boo behind their mother's skirts. Food was being served on the long tables and Ewan's men entered the hall, adding more bustle to the already busy room.
"We were not expecting you so soon, Ewan," Robert said.
"We erred on the side of caution, and rode through the night. I didn't feel it was safe for us to camp overnight and risk possible attack from Richard and his men. 'Tis why we're here so early this morn," Ewan explained.
"Ye must be verra tired after such a long journey and the bairns should sleep. Helene has prepared yer chambers," Irene offered.
"Aye. We could stand to sleep a wee bit, but first we'll break our fast with ye," Ewan said, as he stifled a yawn.
Despite the threat of attack, the meal was filled with lively conversation and laughter. Ashley sat between Cormac and Cailin in what had become her spot. Both men were a little subdued this morning after the celebrations of the previous evening. While they had initially seemed fine when everyone arrived, the noise surrounding them inside seemed to be making them increasingly uncomfortable.
"You both look a little worse for wear this morning," Ashley teased.
Two heads turned her way, and neither responded.
"If I didn't know better, I'd say you were both suffering from a hangover."
Still no response. Maybe hangover wasn't the right word in medieval Scotland.
"Do your heads hurt?" Ashley questioned.
They both nodded and winced in unison, as Ranald and Rowan shouted vigorously. Ashley hid a smile.
"Is the noise making it worse?" Again, they nodded with pained expressions.
"You need to hydrate and maybe take some aspirin. I still have some in my backpack."
"Will that work, lass?" Cailin asked hopefully.
"It should. I can go get it for you, if you'd like."
"We'll come with ye."
They excused themselves from the table and followed Ashley upstairs to her chambers where she rummaged through the backpack to find the remaining aspirin. She offered two to each man, along with the pitcher of water from beside the bed.
"You need to wash them down with this. Hopefully it'll make a difference soon. You must have had a lot to drink last night," she commented mildly.
"Aye. I'm sorry I disappeared on ye like that. It was nae my intention to do so," Cailin apologized.
"No worries. It was probably for the best." Ashley made a show of fixing the bedding and straightening the pillows to hide her embarrassment.
*****
Cailin glanced up at Ashley's cryptic comment, not certain of her meaning. Despite the pain of his pounding head, he was certain there'd been a shift in her disposition since last night.
Cormac must have noticed it too and he spoke up, sounding sheepish. "'Twas my fault, Ashley. Gavin and I thought it would be like old times. Just the three of us, enjoying a drink together, ye ken?"
"It's really not a problem, Cormac. I firmly believe everything happens for a reason, and it was good that the three of you enjoyed yourselves."
Cailin looked at Cormac in disbelief. Most women they knew would have been furious at being left to fend for themselves, while their men were off with their friends drinking until the wee hours.
"We should get back downstairs," Ashley announced quietly. Confused, Cailin followed sheepishly in her wake as she left her chambers. Cormac fell in behind him.
Two fast moving blurs of red hair sailed past them and down the hallway as they approached the stairs.
"Ranald, Rowan, wait for yer Ma!" Lena said breathlessly, as she reached the landing, where Ashley stood to one side to let her pass. "Ah, Ashley, I wonder if I might have a word with ye privately," Lena gasped, pressing a hand to her chest.
"Of course," Ashley replied.
"I'm going to attempt getting the boys down to sleep, and then I'd like to do the same fer an hour or two. I'll look for ye a wee bit later, if that would be suitable."
Ashley shrugged. "Sure. I'll be around."
The sound of multiple doors slamming further down the hallway drew Lena's attention, and with a roll of her eyes, she resumed chasing after the boys.
Cailin chuckled along with Cormac, as they watched Lena depart. "They remind me of the two of us at that age," Cailin admitted.
"Ma was always chasing after us, wasn't she?" Cormac was grinning from ear to ear, obviously remembering what little imps they had been.
*****
Ashley started down the stairs, thinking the two men must have been adorable and surely given their parents a run for their money when they were children. Her feet hit the last step and she was off, determined not to put herself in close proximity to the man who took her breath away, made her pulse quicken, gave her butterflies and generally turned her brain to mush.
"Ashley!" Cailin called after her.
"I'm going to check if Irene needs any help. I'll see you later." She didn't look back. She knew doing so would be a mistake.

TWENTY-FOUR
Irene was pleased when Ashley spent the better part of the day with her, glad of the company. They sat by the fire and did some needlework to pass the time, while their visitors slept. As the noon hour approached, Irene brought up the topic of Ashley's staying with them.
"Ashley, it has been such a pleasure having ye here with us, even though it's only been for a few short days. I hope ye'll think about staying for a good while longer."
"That's kind of you to say, Irene, but I really need to get home."
"That may take a while yet, what with the risks of travelling with Sir Richard about," Irene said. "I've enjoyed yer company, Ashley. I never had a sister, but if I did, I imagine she might have been much like ye."
Ashley reached over and touched Irene's hand. "Aww… that's so sweet. I feel the same way."
"See, we are sisters in spirit. I hope ye'll give it some thought. I know I'm not the only one who would miss ye, if ye left us."
*****
Ashley knew exactly whom Irene was alluding to, and if she really allowed herself to think about it, she knew her heart would stay at Breaghacraig, long after Ashley herself had left. She just didn't belong here, though. Sooner or later, she'd start to miss her friends, drinking coffee, hot showers… Besides, Cailin hadn't asked her to stay. They were attracted to each other, but maybe attraction was all there was to it. Maybe he would turn out to be like all the other guys she'd known, and then where would she be? She'd already had one scare with him, even though it had been resolved innocently enough. She wanted to believe there was more between them than sexual chemistry, but she couldn't trust it would be the case.
"I'll think about it, I promise. I just don't know if I could do it." Ashley shifted uncomfortably in her chair, uncertain how much to say to Irene, when the other woman knew nothing of the truth about where Ashley had come from. "It's so different here. Different from what I'm used to. Different from what I know and what I'm comfortable with."
"You've promised to think about it and that's all I can ask. Now, are ye hungry?"
Ashley chuckled - it seemed everything in Breaghacraig revolved around eating. "Starved, actually."
Irene smiled. "Let's have our noon meal then."
As they ate, they chatted about the castle, and the family. Irene had selected some fabrics and designed some gowns for Ashley and they made plans to sew them. There was a comfortable, relaxed feeling between the two women. Anyone observing them would have believed they had known each other all their lives, not merely for a few days. Jenna was the only other woman in Ashley's life, with whom she felt completely at ease. It was nice to know she now had another friend she could count on.
They were finishing up their meal when Lena entered the room, appearing much more relaxed and rested. "I feel so much better now," she said. "The boys are still asleep so I thought I'd sneak away for a while."
"They're adorable," Ashley said.
Lena flopped down onto a chair. "Aye, they are, but they never stop moving. From morn 'til night, they keep me quite busy."
Irene laughed. "Their cousins will keep them busy once they're awake, and if that doesn't work, me brothers are always willin' to amuse the bairns."
"That would be wonderful. I might actually get some rest while I'm here," Lena smiled, as if the thought was heavenly.
The servants arrived to clear the table and Irene requested a tray for Lena, before she stood up. "I must go see to things in the kitchen, and then I'm going to go out to the courtyard to check on the rest of our guests. Ashley, would you mind keeping Lena company?"
Ashley shook her head and smiled warmly. "Not at all. I'd be happy to."
"I will see ye both later in the day then."
They watched as Irene disappeared in the direction of the kitchen, before Lena spoke. "She is a wonder."
Ashley nodded in agreement.
Lena stood up and walked across to settle in the chair Irene had vacated. "I'm so glad to have this time to speak with you, Ashley. Irene wrote and told me you were here, and I couldn't wait to meet you."
Ashley didn't quite know how to respond. Why would Irene tell Lena about her, and what could she have possibly told her, which would have Lena wanting to speak with Ashley privately?
"I'm sorry," Lena continued. "You're obviously confused, and I didn't mean to…" Lena sighed heavily. "Well, I guess what I'm trying to say, is that Irene says you came here from Glendaloch. Is that right?"
"Yes. You've heard of it?"
"Yes, I have."
Ashley's eyes widened. "But how, when no one else here has?"
Lena bit her bottom lip before continuing. "I'm originally from Glendaloch."
Ashley raised an eyebrow in surprise. "You are?"
"Yes. As a matter of fact, my family still lives there."
"Really?" Ashley could hardly believe her ears.
"Irene told me you were attacked by a man, when you were crossing the bridge and Cailin rescued you."
Ashley was struggling to understand what was going on. She was happy to know that someone else had heard of it and knew where it was. It meant she might have help to get back there, when the time was right.
"I wonder if you met my family while you were there." Lena regarded Ashley with curiosity in her eyes.
"Oh, I wouldn't think so. I was staying at the inn called The Thistle and Hive, and I was only there for a few days." Ashley certainly wasn't going to admit she had been in the Glendaloch of the future. Lena would no doubt think she was crazy.
"Ashley, my parents are Edna and Angus Campbell. They own The Thistle and Hive," Lena said patiently.
The color drained from Ashley's face and she could hear her heart pounding in her ears.
"I'm sorry - did you say your parents are Edna and Angus Campbell?" Could there possibly be a sixteenth century version of The Thistle and Hive, owned by another Edna and Angus Campbell?
Lena grinned. "Yes, Ashley, I'm Arlena Campbell. About five years ago, I crossed the same bridge you did. I walked through the fog and straight into the sixteenth century. Ewan found me wandering in the woods, and brought me back here to Breaghacraig. Everyone here was so kind and accepting. At first, I thought I'd lost my mind. It was more than I could comprehend. Eventually, I realized that I belonged here with this family and especially with Ewan, who is the love of my life."
Ashley tilted her head, regarding Lena with amazement. "So everyone here knows you're from the future?"
"Only the immediate family and a few others. Irene sent word as soon as you got here, and I've been dying to get here to see you."
"Irene knows about me?"
"Yes, they all do," Lena chuckled.
Ashley considered what she'd learned for nearly a full minute before she spoke. "Wow. I'm shocked. I mean, I'm so happy I'm not alone in this, but why didn't they say anything?"
"They wanted me to tell you. I think they were surprised it would happen a second time. Even though they knew it was possible, they weren't one hundred percent sure you were really from another time. I guess I'm the expert on the subject."
"You must have a million questions. I know I do. Have you tried to go back?"
"At first, Ewan tried to help me go home, but the fog seemingly has to be there at the bridge, in order for it to work. Each time I tried, it wasn't there. Then I fell in love with Ewan and I was afraid if I went back, I'd never be able to return, so I stopped trying, and now I have even more reasons to stay here."
Ashley considered her next words carefully, anxious about upsetting Lena. "Your mother and father are so sad to have lost you. They're the sweetest people." She smiled softly. "I almost felt like Edna was my mother, the way she took care of me while I was there."
Tears brimmed against Lena's eyelashes. "I miss them very much, too. I think they may have sent you here, trying to find me. My mother used to tell me stories about the fog by the bridge, when I was growing up. As a child, it all sounded so magical and I believed in it completely, but as I got older, I lacked faith and needed proof. Mother was always warning me to stay away, and I did for a long time. Then one day when I was out for a walk, I saw the fog and I was… I don't know, drawn to it." Lena shrugged. "I honestly didn't believe anything would happen, but it did, and here I am five years later."
"So you think your mother guided me here?" Ashley asked in disbelief.
"Mother is an unusual woman; some might say she's a witch. She's got the magic, if you will. She knows things that she shouldn't know and can do things that are beyond comprehension. I am my mother's daughter and I share some of her abilities. I believe she's been communicating with me all these years, usually though my dreams. Unfortunately, I don't know how to communicate back. In my dreams she speaks to me and tells me things, which might happen."
"Did she tell you I was coming?"
"Not you specifically, but I knew she'd send someone. How is it that you came to cross the bridge?"
Ashley inhaled deeply before she spoke. "I guess I should start at the beginning. I was visiting from America, I had gotten to a stage in my life where I needed to push myself out of my comfort zone. Do things I wouldn't ordinarily do, you know? I guess this is a case of 'be careful what you wish for'," she chuckled.
Lena nodded in agreement and Ashley continued. "I started having visions of Cailin, only I didn't know who he was at the time, and I thought I was going crazy. I needed to prove that I wasn't, so on some level this trip was about finding him. I became obsessed with Scotland and I found I was drawn to Glendaloch. I don't know how or why, but when I got there, I knew it was the place I had been looking for. Your mother made me feel so special and cared for. It was as if she was looking at me and seeing you. If that makes any sense?"
"It does, actually," Lena admitted quietly. "Now that I have children of my own, I understand the love only a parent can feel for a child. I'm sorry I've caused them such pain." A single tear ran down her cheek as she spoke. "Tell me more, please."
"There was a creepy guy named Teddy, who followed me everywhere I went in Glendaloch. Edna told me not to worry about him, she said he was harmless." Ashley rolled her eyes, and Lena laughed.
"I know Teddy. He really is harmless. If he was following you around, it was probably because mother told him to."
"Do you really think so?" Ashley asked, with a hint of disbelief.
"I'm sure of it."
"You might not think so, when you hear the rest of my story." Ashley paused a moment, gathering her thoughts before she continued. "I wanted to take a hike into the countryside. Back home I would never think of doing something like that by myself, but for some reason, I thought it was a great idea and I couldn't wait to go. I asked Edna for the best route and she sent me towards the bridge. She packed a backpack for me and I was on my way."
All of a sudden, things started to fall into place. Edna obviously did know.
Lena was smiling at her and nodding. "She did send you."
"She did. It all makes sense now. That backpack had everything in it that I could possibly need. I should have realized sooner. It was almost… as if she knew what was going to happen."
"And Teddy…" Lena prodded gently.
"He was waiting for me by the bridge. He attacked me, he grabbed me and knocked me down. I fought him off, and then Cailin appeared and rescued me."
"Do you think Teddy might have been trying to stop you from crossing the bridge?"
Ashley shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe. He kept yelling 'no'. I was so frightened, even if Cailin hadn't been there; I was ready to run across the bridge just to get away from Teddy."
"All part of the plan," Lena announced.
"But did Edna think I would bring you back with me? Is she going to help me return to Glendaloch?"
Lena thought for a moment. "Do you still have the backpack, Ashley?"
"Yes. It's in my chamber."
"May I see it?"
"Sure. Do you think there's some sort of message in it, for you?"
"Maybe." Lena stood up and held out her hand to Ashley. "Let's go have a look."
*****
Cailin was frustrated beyond reason. He had lost his chance to truly make Ashley his. He was angry with his brother, and with Gavin, for dragging him away from what surely would have been a memorable night - but he was even angrier with himself. How could he have been such a fool? He cared deeply for the lass and given the way she'd distanced herself from him this morning, he wasn't certain he'd have another opportunity to win her affections. He didnae want her to leave. Of that, he was very certain.
"Cailin, ye'd best get yer head back on the field." Dougall announced casually, as he knocked Cailin's claymore from his hands yet again. "What's on yer mind, that's causing ye to be so easy to disarm? 'Tis not like ye."
"Aye. Yer right. I got it in me head that ye might be tired of being knocked on yer arse, so I thought to let ye get the better of me this once."
Dougall laughed loudly. "I dinnae believe ye. Yer saying ye took pity on me and let me best ye? Why would ye do that after all these years? Are ye not well then?"
"I be fine. Dinnae worry yerself, ye'll be back on yer arse soon enough." Cailin muttered testily. He retrieved his claymore and stomped away. He was met by Cormac, Robert, and Ewan, who had all been watching his exchange with Dougall.
"Surely I did not see Dougall beat ye?" Robert queried.
Cailin didn't answer, embarrassed by his performance on the field this morning. Dougall was one of Cailin's best men, equal in size and strength to Cailin, but in all the years they had trained together, Dougall had never been able to best him during training. Cailin knew the reason Dougall had managed it this time. Cailin had someone on his mind and it was a very big distraction for him. He was also still suffering the effects of the previous night's drinking binge. Cormac had been smart enough to avoid putting himself on the training field - instead he worked with his men from the sidelines. Cailin wished he had done the same, but he'd really needed to work off his anger, disappointment and raging desires.
"Ye'd best get yer mind back where it belongs. We've a battle to plan," Ewan warned.
"Come then, let us go inside. We have much to discuss," Robert turned and walked away, with the three men following in his wake.
Cormac put a comforting hand on Cailin's shoulder. "Dinnae fash, my brother, all will be well again."
"I dinnae think so, Cormac. Ashley wouldnae even look at me this mornin' when she walked away."
"I've nae known ye to give up quite so easily on anything before. The lass is already yers. Ye know it and she knows it, but I think she nae be sure of yer intentions and mayhap a bit afraid of stayin' here."
Cailin shrugged away from Cormac's hand. "What makes ye an expert on women? I dinnae see ye using that expansive knowledge tae find one of yer own."
Cormac laughed. "The right lass hasnae appeared to me yet."
They entered Robert's private chambers and sat around the large wooden table in the center of the room. There was nothing warm and cozy about this place. It was strictly utilitarian, only used by Robert to meet with his men and for conducting clan business.
"Ewan has made a good point to me this morn and I wish to share it with ye. He suggests that rather than sitting and waiting for Richard to make his move, we seek him out and bring the battle to him," Robert announced.
"Aye. I agree." Cailin stated. "'Tis been verra quiet these last days. We've had nae word from our scouts of any activity and they've found no sign of any more men aligned with Richard, travelling in other parts of the MacKenzie lands. I believe 'twill be safe for everyone to go back to their homes soon. They should stay here a wee bit longer, for safety's sake. Ewan is right; Richard keeps us prisoners in our own castle. If we take the fight to him, we are the ones in control."
"'Tis true. We cannae keep the whole clan here forever, while we wait on him tae make a move," Cormac added.
Robert nodded. "'Tis settled then. I expect each of ye to get yer men prepared. We ride in a sennight. We'll leave Ewan's men here, to guard the castle in our absence. I dinnae ken what game Sir Richard plays, but 'tis done."

TWENTY-FIVE
Ashley and Lena sat in her chambers, carefully examining the backpack. They had removed every individual item in search of a message from Edna, but to no avail.
"She certainly was thorough in her packing," Lena mused.
"I can't believe there's nothing here for you. She knew what she was doing when she sent me, and she had to know we would eventually meet," Ashley continued to carefully scrutinize the backpack. She ran her fingers over the fabric, searching for any signs of a hidden note or object. She was about to give up, when she felt a small lump in the lining of one of the pockets.
"Hmmm. What's this?" Ashley retrieved the scissor Edna had packed, and carefully cut away the fabric around the lump.
Lena watched anxiously as Ashley extricated a small parcel, wrapped in brightly colored tissue paper. They both sat motionless, staring at the object in Ashley's hand.
"Here. You open it." Ashley handed the small parcel to Lena.
"I suddenly feel like a child on Christmas morning," Lena giggled. She gently opened the neatly folded tissue, to discover a note inside, along with a very tiny ceramic frog. Lena held the little treasure in her hand and began to sob.
Ashley went to Lena and wrapped her arms around Lena's back, in an effort to offer her some small comfort.
After a couple of minutes, Lena inhaled a deep breath and read the note aloud through tear-filled eyes.

"My dearest Arlena,
I have hoped and prayed that someday, I might find you again and then the lovely young lady who brought you this note answered my prayers. She was sent to me, unbeknownst to her, to aid me in the search. I owe her a great deal, and I apologize to her for any dismay I might have caused.
I have missed you so much, my darling daughter. I know you are well and happy, for you have not returned to us. I have sent you messages in your dreams. Yes, it really is me visiting you. You have the same abilities I have, my dearest. Practice what I taught you as a child, and you too can visit me and send me messages. It would mean the world to me, to be able to see your face and hear your voice once more.
Your Da and I both want you to know how much we love and miss you. We hope to see you again one day, but until then, all our love to you and your family.
Mam and Da"

Ashley and Lena were both teary-eyed when Lena folded the note and tucked it into her pocket. She held the little green frog in the palm of her hand.
"My mother gave me this frog when I was a child. She told me, that as long as I kept it with me it would protect me from harm. I always kept it hidden in my pocket and if I was ever afraid or worried I would hold it in my hand and I knew everything would be okay."
"Why a frog?" Ashley questioned curiously.
"I don't honestly know, but I did have an odd fascination for them as a child. My mother told me that this little frog had special powers, and I believed her."
Ashley smiled. "Was it charmed?"
"Maybe. Mother was always playing around with spells and magic. I didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary, because I grew up around it."
"Do you think she can help me get back to Glendaloch?" Ashley asked quietly.
Lena met Ashley's gaze. "Is that what you really want?"
Ashley didn't respond immediately. She hadn't discussed her thoughts about leaving Breaghacraig with anyone, other than Irene. Maybe she should. Perhaps talking to Lena would help her work through the confusion she was suffering. Lena would understand. After all, she'd been there and done exactly the same thing.
"I'm not sure what I want, Lena," Ashley admitted quietly.
"You know everyone here loves you and would like you to stay. They've already adopted you. As far as they're concerned, you're family."
Ashley frowned, considering this idea. "Really? I mean, I know they like me, but Irene's the only one who's actually said she hoped I'd stay. I've become very fond of all of them, they're good and kind people. My family is all gone. I'm alone at home, except for my friends, and they're all too busy with their own lives to spend very much time with me." Ashley offered Lena a watery smile. "On the one hand, I'm so at home here, and I feel an amazing connection to this family, but on the other hand, I'm afraid to stay. What if things don't work out in the way I want them to? What if after a while in Breaghacraig, I discovered I wasn't happy? Would I still be able to go back to Glendaloch, if I waited for too long? I'm so conflicted." She sighed heavily.
"What about Cailin?" Lena asked gently. "You thought you were meant to find him, and you have."
Ashley nodded sadly. "I know, and I feel so alive when I'm with him. Besides being the most gorgeous man I've ever known, he's so sweet and caring. He makes me feel things I've never felt before. When I'm around him, there's this magnetic attraction. I'm drawn to him, but I can't seem to think clearly, when he's nearby. I've been avoiding him today, because I thought it might help if I had some space to clear things up in my head."
"And how's that working out for you?" Lena smirked knowingly.
Ashley smiled and shook her head. "Not very well, I'm afraid. He's all I can think about."
"Sounds like you're in love, Ashley dear."
"It does, doesn't it?" Ashley rubbed her hands over her face. "I guess I am. I've only known him a short time, though. I shouldn't be able to fall in love so quickly," she protested.
Lena chuckled. "Ashley, I fell in love with Ewan the moment I laid eyes on him. I tried to fight it, but it did me no good. I thought I wanted to go home, but I don't think I ever really wanted it badly enough, and that's why the fog didn't appear for me. I was meant to be here and maybe you are, too. Talk to Cailin. Stop avoiding him. Tell him how you feel. You might be surprised at what you discover and it could clear up your confusion."
"Thank you, Lena. I'll take your advice to heart." Ashley and Lena hugged warmly, with a new understanding of each other.
"Now, I'm going to leave you and take my treasures with me. The twins are likely to be tearing up the castle by now. I'd better go see what they've been up to, which is no doubt, no good. I'll talk with you later." Kissing Ashley's cheeks, Lena gave her an encouraging smile and departed.
After watching Lena leave, Ashley decided she needed to get outside for a breath of fresh air. She grabbed a cape from her chambers and she was glad of it as she left the keep and a cool breeze blew in her face. Ashley wandered through the courtyard, exchanging greetings with those she passed, wondering what her life would be like, if she decided to stay in Breaghacraig. Approaching the stables, Ashley decided to check on Destiny. The horse had been sequestered in a stall since his injury and Ashley thought he must be getting fed up with no exercise or companionship. She'd taken an apple from the bowl in her room on the way out, with the intentions of eating it herself, but perhaps she'd share it with her new friend. She opened the stable doors and entered to the peaceful sound of horses lazily munching on hay.
As a young teen, she'd always loved the sweet smell of hay and horses and had found herself drawn to the peace to be found with these noble creatures. Things hadn't changed in the ensuing years and she inhaled deeply, enjoying the experience again.
"Good day to ye, Lady Ashley." Alan, one of the stable boys glanced up from cleaning a stall when she passed.
"Hello, Alan. I thought I'd visit Destiny and bring him an apple. How is his sore foot today?"
"'Tis much better, m'lady. I took him out for a wee walk this morn, and he was hardly lame at all. He should be good enough to ride in a day or so. We'll ride him for ye first. I don't doubt he'll be high spirited after bein' in a stall these past days."
"Thank you." She scanned the area around them. "Do you have any brushes I could borrow? I'd like to groom him."
"Aye. I'll get it," the young lad said eagerly. Ashley watched as Alan left the stall he was cleaning and opened a closet at the far end of the barn. He grabbed a brush and brought it back to her. "I'm right here if ye need me help." Ashley smiled and nodded her thanks, before walking to Destiny's stall. He saw her coming and nickered softly.
"Hello, my friend. I've brought you something." Ashley produced the apple from her pocket and offered it to Destiny. He gladly accepted it and had the whole thing in his mouth in the blink of an eye. Ashley giggled as she watched him enjoying the juicy treat.
While she brushed him, Ashley cleared her mind of all worry and concentrated on enjoying the company of her horse and some quiet time.
*****
Having finished up grooming Destiny, Ashley was handing the brush back to Alan, when a troop of children came through the door.
"Lady Ashley," William said excitedly. "Have ye come to visit the puppies?"
"I haven't seen them, William. Where are they?"
"This way, Lady." He led Ashley, along with his brothers and sisters, into a stall near the door.
"Here they be." He proudly extended his arm in the direction of the puppies.
The children plunked down in the straw and the puppies were all over them in a matter of seconds. Peals of laughter echoed through the barn, as the puppies knocked the children over, licking them and nipping them playfully. Ashley couldn't control herself and burst into laughter. It was amazing how something as simple as puppies and children could make all seem right in the world.
"Look at this one, Lady." Mary had picked up a small grey and white pup and handed it to Ashley.
"Oh, Mary, she's lovely." Ashley cuddled the little pup beneath her chin, and was rewarded with a wet lick. "And Mama Dog is being so good. She doesn't seem to mind that we're touching her pups."
"She be a good dog, Lady Ashley." William had found a little brown pup to cuddle and the tiny bundle of brown fluff snuggled against his chest.
"Yes, I can see that."
Ashley and the children were surprised by the sound of Cailin's voice. "May I join ye?"
The sound of his voice brought familiar butterflies to Ashley's stomach.
"Cailin!" the children all called at once.
As he opened the stall door, Mary latched on to his leg.
"Mary, love, how be ye this day?" Cailin asked, as he picked her up.
"I be fine, Cailin."
"Ye get bigger every time I see ye."
Ashley watched Cailin covertly from where she stood in the corner of the stall, and it wasn't long before his attention turned her way. With Mary in his arms, Cailin crossed the stall and stood face to face with Ashley. He gave her a lopsided grin and the butterflies beat their wings frantically in her tummy. He shifted his focus to the puppy in her arms.
"She's a bonnie pup," he announced, scratching the small puppy under the chin. His finger grazed Ashley's neck and she fought to maintain her composure as a frisson of pleasure made its way through her body.
Mary reached for the pup and Ashley kissed its little head and handed it back to her. Cailin set her down and took Ashley's hand.
"I've been searching for ye," Cailin announce quietly. "I ken ye've been avoiding me."
"I needed some time to think. I don't know what it is about you," Ashley teased, "but when you're nearby, my brain gets all mushy."
Cailin grinned. "I do have that effect on the lasses, I'm told."
She slapped his arm playfully and he feigned injury as Ashley grumbled at him. "Oh, you… I'm trying to compliment you, and you act like a jerk."
Cailin winked at her and gripped Ashley's hand in his. "Walk with me. Ye can tell me what ye thought about and I'll do me best to make yer brain mushy."
"I'll bet you will. You have the advantage that way."
"Then I best not tell ye that ye do the same to me."
"Really?" Ashley regarded him suspiciously.
Cailin regarded her for a moment, his gray eyes serious. "Aye. Ye do."
They said their goodbyes to the children and left the stables, walking hand in hand across the muddy ground.
"I talked with Lena," Ashley announced. "Why didn't you tell me about her?"
Cailin shrugged. "Irene thought it best to let Lena tell ye herself."
"And that's another thing." Ashley stopped walking and turned to face Cailin. "You told everyone I was from the future. They all know about it."
Cailin had the grace to look contrite. "Aye. I'm sorry, lass. I should have told ye. I believed ye when ye told me, but the others were nae sure at first. They wanted to wait for Lena to confirm it for them. We knew she would ken how to explain things to ye."
Ashley was quiet for a long time, turning away and stubbing the toe of her slipper against a clump of grass.
"Are ye angry with me, Ashley, for telling my family?" Cailin asked worriedly.
"No. How can I be angry when you've all been so kind to me?"
"Ashley, I ken yer afraid ye may have to stay here, but I would be happy if ye did." Cailin turned her to face him, lifting her chin with his fingers so that their eyes met.
"Cailin, I just don't know if I'm brave enough to stay," Ashley admitted. Life here is so different to life in my time. I know Lena did it, but I'm just not sure I can do the same thing. Besides, even if I want to go back to the twenty first century, I might not be able to. Lena told me she tried a few times and the fog never appeared, so she couldn't cross the bridge."
"Aye, but she loved Ewan and they've made a good life together. They have two beautiful bairns," Cailin pointed out.
"I know."
Cailin ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Ashley, I'm asking ye to stay. To stay here with me. Ye are the most beautiful, strong, and brave woman I have ever known. I love to talk with ye. Ye have much knowledge and can challenge me brain. Ye make me think about so many different things. I've never met another who has made me feel the way that ye make me feel."
"Cailin, I feel the same way about you, but what if you get tired of me? What if things don't work out and I'm stuck here in the sixteenth century?" Ashley looked beseechingly into his eyes.
"I will never tire of ye, lass, and as long as we talk tae each other I'm sure we can solve any problem." Ashley could tell from the fervent tone in his voice that Cailin was speaking from his heart. "Ashley, I'm nae verra good at this. I've never said this to anyone before. I love ye, Ashley. Please, stay with me."
They were the words Ashley had been waiting to hear, but she was still afraid. It would have been easier if he hadn't asked her to stay, hadn't made his intentions known. Now, she knew that her decision had the possibility of breaking both their hearts.
"Cailin, you take my breath away," she admitted. I love you, too. Just give me a little more time, to be sure I can do this."
"I'll give ye all the time ye need, but be warned, I'm going tae do my best tae convince ye tae stay." Cailin leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips, caressing her cheek. His eyes never left hers, as he twirled a stray curl of her hair around his finger. "I'll not make it easy for ye, lass."
"I wouldn't expect you to," she smiled.
*****
As they walked back towards the keep, Ashley said, "I think I need a bath. I smell like a combination of horse and puppy."
"Ye smell wonderful to me. Sweet as a summer's day."
Ashley tilted her head skeptically. "I'll smell a lot better after a bath."
"Would ye like me to help with that?" he asked, with a wicked twinkle in his eye.
"I don't know whether you'd be a help, or a hindrance." She arched an eyebrow and gave him the once over. "Hmmm… hindrance, I believe."
He almost pouted, pretending his feelings were hurt. "I only meant to have the boys bring ye the tub and hot water. I dinnae ken what ye were thinking!"
"Thank you," she laughed. Kissing her finger and touching it to his nose, she announced, "I'll see you later."
*****
Cailin watched as Ashley's hips swung seductively back and forth, as she made her way up the stairs. God's teeth, she was beautiful. It was all he could do to keep himself from marching up those stairs after her. The thought of her disrobing and soaking in the tub had him clenching his hands into tight fists, in a futile attempt to control his lustful thoughts. He imagined what it would be like to run soapy hands over her glistening wet skin. He thought of laying long deep kisses onto her full lips.
"Ahem… Cailin, did ye nae hear me?" Irene asked.
Cailin tore his gaze from the stairs and scrubbed his fingers through his hair in frustration.
"Be ye well?" Irene queried with a flash of amusement in her eyes. "Why are ye just standing there like that?"
"I be thinkin'," Cailin muttered.
"Oh, I see. Well, whatever yer thinkin' on, it has ye lookin' like a lovesick puppy." Winking at him, Irene poked him in the ribs and walked past him up the stairs. "Ye'd best get that water for Ashley. She'll be waiting."

TWENTY-SIX
Ashley relaxed into the warm water and tried to enjoy the hot bath. Her head was spinning from all of the revelations that had become known today. First, Lena's admission of being a twenty first century girl and her true identity as the missing Arlena, and then Ashley had discovered how good the MacKenzie clan were at keeping a secret.
Of course, the most important revelation had been Cailin's. He'd told her that he loved her. Just the thought of it sent goose bumps erupting from her head to her toes and brought Ashley so much joy she could hardly stand it. The fact that she felt the same way about him was the icing on the cake. It made the question of whether she should return to Glendaloch even more pressing. Although she was leaning towards staying in Breaghacraig, she had to be realistic. Love simply wasn't always enough to keep two people together. Somehow, if this was going to work, she had to have faith in Cailin and she needed to trust him. After her experience with Dax, it was something she had a hard time doing. Dax had certainly proved he couldn't be trusted and from her recent experiences with other men, she'd concluded no man could. It was the harsh reality of the world she lived in. If she really thought about it, Cailin - and for that matter, the rest of the clan - seemed both honest and trustworthy. The words they spoke had weight to them. The world they lived in required it. Ashley knew she needed to make a decision soon. The men were leaving in a week for the fight with Sir Richard. She couldn't send Cailin off to battle with any indecision regarding their future clouding his thoughts.
The water had begun to cool and Ashley got out of the tub. She dried herself off and did her best to get dressed without any assistance. Thankfully, there came a knock at the door and Helene peeked around the doorway.
"Helene! I'm so happy to see you! I thought I might be stuck in my chamber for a very long time. I'm terrible at lacing up the back of these gowns and I certainly couldn't go out like this in order to find someone to help me."
"Dinnae fash, I'm here to help. Cailin told me ye were takin' a bath and that I should come check on ye." Helene quickly took charge and started swiftly lacing up the gown.
"That was very sweet of him. I forgot I was going to need your help. My mind was elsewhere, I guess." Ashley marveled at the thoughtful way Cailin was always taking care of her. She could really get used to it.
"Aye, I ken yer meaning. The very same thing happens to me on occasion."
"And what are you thinking about, that sends your mind elsewhere?" Ashley asked in a teasing voice.
Helene's cheeks blushed to a bright crimson.
"Oh, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked. It's really none of my business," Ashley said, immediately regretting teasing the young woman.
Helene remained silent for a minute as she began to brush Ashley's hair and began working it into one of her intricate braids before she responded in a dreamy voice. "I be thinking of a big, braw man and when I do, he's all I can think of. Any other thought that comes into me mind is instantly banished."
Ashley nearly leaped out of the seat. She had apparently found a kindred spirit, someone equally as besotted as she was with Cailin. "That's my problem as well," she blurted. "Who is it, Helene?"
"Ye must promise me ye'll say naught tae anyone. I'm nae sure he feels the same for me," Helene said in a hushed voice.
"Of course. It'll be our secret," Ashley promised.
"Dougall. Dougall is the man who sets my head to spinnin'. When he's near me, or when he speaks to me, I cannae say a word, or think about anythin' but him, and I ken that doesnae help. He must think I'm daft."
"Oh, my! Dougall, huh? He is very handsome, Helene. I can see why you'd be attracted to him." Ashley had thought Dougall was a good-looking man when she met him. He was as tall as Cailin, but had lighter hair, dark blonde and curly. He was very polite and gentlemanly when he'd been introduced to Ashley. The women of the castle seemed to be quite taken with him, but Ashley didn't think he had a woman of his own.
"I dinnae think he even kens I exist, and I dinnae ken what to do, to garner his attention."
"Maybe I can help?" Ashley offered.
"Ye'd help me? I'd be ever so grateful." A huge smile lit Helene's pretty face.
"What are friends for? It's the least I can do."
Helene threw her arms around Ashley and hugged her. "Oh, my, I'm so sorry. I shouldnae have done that." Obviously self-conscious, Helene backed away from Ashley and her blush deepened.
"Why not? I don't mind at all." Ashley offered Helene a reassuring smile.
"What can ye do tae help with Dougall?" Helene asked, regaining her composure.
"Let me think about it for a little while. I'll come up with a plan and you work on speaking to Dougall each time you see him. You don't have to say too much. Talk about the weather, or ask how he's feeling. You know - talk to him exactly the same way you talk to everyone else. He'll have to respond, and then you have the beginnings of a conversation. Oh, and flirt with him a little bit." Ashley grinned. "I know you can do that, I've seen you flirting with some of the other men. In the meantime, I'll try to find a way to get the two of you alone together and then you have to do the rest. He can't help but fall for you, Helene. What man wouldn't?"
"I'm worried. Do ye really think it might work?" Helene chewed on her bottom lip anxiously.
"I do. He'd be a fool not to notice you."
The women continued to plot and plan, and by the time they were ready to head downstairs for the evening meal, they had it all worked out. As they reached the bottom step, Cailin appeared out of nowhere and extended his arm to Ashley. He gazed at her with adoration in his eyes. "I hope ye enjoyed yer bath, mo chuisle. You look beautiful this night."
Ashley stared up into his eyes and smiled warmly, glowing from the effect of his words.
Cailin escorted her to the head table as Helene scurried off to hers. Ashley surveyed the great hall, looking for Dougall and found him in his usual spot among the other single men. Little did he know that his days as a bachelor were numbered. Ashley giggled under her breath as she thought about what he was facing when she and Helene instigated their plan.
"What do ye find so funny, love?" Cailin asked.
"Oh, nothing," Ashley said airily, plucking at the material of her gown.
Cailin cocked an eyebrow at her. "Nothing, ye say?"
"Really… nothing." Ashley was certain he didn't believe her, but she'd let him in on her plan a little later.
*****
After dinner, Ashley caught Helene's eye and with an imperceptible nod, Helene left the great hall and headed towards the stables, walking swiftly. If all went as planned, Dougall would soon be joining her. Ashley hoped Helene wouldn't freeze up when Dougall arrived. She'd coached Helene about what to say, and given her some pointers on flirting, which Ashley suspected Helene didn't really need, and the rest was up to Helene. Ashley had no doubt Dougall would quickly be smitten with Helene, if he weren't already. Ashley had observed him throughout the meal and noticed his eyes followed Helene as she moved about the great hall.
"Would you care to walk with me, mo chuisle?" Cailin asked, offering Ashley his hand.
"I'd love to," she smiled at his use of the Gaelic endearment, which meant my heart's pulse. Ashley had learned about it in her research on Scotland before she arrived.
As they made their way out of the hall, Ashley searched around for Dougall. "Cailin, I wonder if Dougall could run a small errand for me?" She started to turn in Dougall's direction, but Cailin caught her by the arm to stop her.
"What kind of errand? Surely one of the servants would be better suited to help ye."
"Nope, it has to be Dougall." She did her best not to sound smug and schooled her features to keep her expression neutral.
Cailin's eyes narrowed. "Mayhap ye'd like to tell me what yer about?"
"I will, but not yet."
"Well, if it must be Dougall, then… Dougall!" he yelled to the man across the great hall.
Dougall responded with a wave and saying a few words to his companions, crossed the room to join Ashley and Cailin.
"Aye, Cailin, did ye need me?"
"Ashley has a request of ye," Cailin said dryly. Dougall stared at Cailin, who shrugged his shoulders and cocked his head in Ashley's direction.
"Dougall, I hoped you wouldn't mind finding Helene for me. I believe she's gone to the stable to check on my horse, Destiny," Ashley began.
Dougall seemed a bit puzzled at first, but smiled brightly when Ashley continued.
"Would you kindly tell her I won't be in need of her help tonight, so she's free to enjoy herself for the rest of the evening."
"Of course, m'lady. 'Twould be my pleasure."
"Thank you, Dougall." Ashley elbowed Cailin in the ribs.
Cailin grinned. "Dougall, find someone to take yer watch tonight. Yer free to enjoy yerself, as well."
Ashley giggled when Dougall gave Cailin a questioning glance, which was answered with a shrug, which suggested Cailin didn't have any more clue than Dougall did about what was going on.
As they turned to head out through the doors and away from the others, Cailin took Ashley's hand. "What was that all about?" Cailin asked.
"Just a little matchmaking is all," Ashley admitted.
"Do ye think it wise to meddle on Helene's behalf?"
"I'm not meddling," Ashley protested. "I'm just trying to help, and besides, Helene is in on it too."
Cailin raised an eyebrow. "So ye've sent Dougall off like a lamb to slaughter, then."
"Slaughter… I'd like to think it would be much more enjoyable than that, for both of them. I have a hunch Dougall is interested, so we're merely giving him an excuse to be alone with Helene."
Cailin chuckled and pulled Ashley closer, placing a quick peck on the top of her head. "I think yer right, love."
She stopped walking and looked up into his eyes. "And you know what I think? I think I'd have enjoyed that kiss much more, if it had been on my lips," she teased.
"Well, if that be what ye want, I cannae refuse." Placing his hands on either side of her face, he gave her a bone-meltingly soft, slow deep kiss. Ashley moaned softly as her hands found their way through his silky black locks and anchored around his neck. She pulled herself closer to Cailin, pushing her hips into his. Cailin's strong hands caressed down her back, holding her close. He stroked across her arms and then found her waist. His hands kept moving until he grabbed her backside and propelled her even closer to his body.
Ashley trembled in his arms. She couldn't seem to get near enough to him. The heat of his body warmed her and sent deep waves of longing pulsing through her body from head to toe.
"Cailin," she moaned against his cheek.
"Mmmm," he answered."
"I think I'm going to need some help getting out of my dress," she panted. "Helene is busy." She threw her head back, exposing her neck, which Cailin proceeded to pepper with kisses. He flicked his tongue across the sensitive skin below her ear before he whispered huskily. "I'd be glad to help ye, love, but I think it might be best to get to yer chambers first." Cailin took her hand in his and kissed her palm. "Come. No distractions this night."
He put his arm around her waist and they walked back towards the keep. There was no hurry this time. They strolled slowly, having eyes only for each other, knowing that nothing would deter them from their hearts' desire.
*****
At the bottom of the stairs, Cailin swept Ashley up and kissed her again, suddenly impatient. He held her in his arms as he made his way up the stairs and into her chambers, pressing kisses to her cheeks and throat. He gently released Ashley, settling her onto the floor and turning her, so her back was facing him, and he could begin the complex task of removing her gown. His fingers were nimble and sure as he unlaced and unbuttoned her gown, from top to bottom. Cailin's lips followed the trail his fingers had created as he worked his way down her back and he found himself mesmerized by the little sounds of delight Ashley made as he touched her.
"Cailin," Ashley began, sounding breathless when she spoke, "there's something you should know."
"What's that, love?" He dropped the gown from her shoulders and watched it pool at her feet, before his gaze slowly trailed back up Ashley's body, perusing every inch of visible skin. Although she still wore her shift, it covered little and Cailin hardened still further at the thought of what was to come.
Ashley stepped from the rumpled material and turned to face him, although she kept her eyes lowered to the ground. "I know it's important here in your time, but even though I wish it was different," she hesitated, seemingly uncertain of his reaction to whatever she needed to say.
Cailin frowned a little, and brushed his fingers across her cheek, attempting to soothe her. "What, lass? What's wrong?"
Ashley took a deep breath and then lifted her gaze to look directly into his silvery eyes. "I'm not a virgin."
"Ah, well, neither am I, lass." He smiled, ensuring it was his most disarming, wanting to reassure Ashley that it didn't matter one iota to him.
He saw the tension leave her shoulders in a visible whoosh, when she realized he really didn't care. "Wouldn't you like to get out of your clothes? I seem to have gotten a head start on you," Ashley suggested seductively.
She eyed his shirt for a second, and then pulled it up and out of his kilt. She slipped her hands under the shirt and onto his belly, running her fingers across his abs, and then slid them upwards, raking her fingers through the soft hair which covered his chest. His breath grew ragged under her touch and he couldn't tear his gaze away from Ashley's as they stood facing one another.
"Yer right," he finally managed, as he ripped his shirt over his head. He heard Ashley gasp at the sight of his naked torso. "'Tis yer turn." Cailin pointed to her shift, throwing his own shirt into a corner.
Cailin watched hungrily as Ashley slipped the straps of the shift from her shoulders, slowly and seductively, before letting it slide down the length of her body.
Cailin fought desperately for control over the primal need to sink himself deep inside of her. Breathing heavily, he reverently ran a hand across her belly, marveling at the softness of her skin beneath his calloused fingers. Each of his hands found a soft, sweet breast, and he circled the taut, rosy nipples with his thumbs. He wanted to savor every moment and he wanted Ashley to experience as much pleasure as he did. He continued stroking her breasts as he lowered his head to kiss her waiting lips. He begged for entrance with his tongue and Ashley seemed more than willing to grant him access. He wanted this woman, more than he'd ever wanted any other before her. Every other woman paled in comparison to this dark haired beauty, who had captured his heart from the moment he first saw her on the bridge. Cailin intended to show her just how much she meant to him, and he'd do it slowly and completely, and repeatedly, before the night was through.
He traced the curve of her waist and hips, settling his hands on her perfectly rounded bottom. The very same bottom which had taunted him for days, whenever he'd watched her walking away from him, was now firmly in his grasp and he was delighted. Never before had he experienced the kind of sensations which were currently coursing through his fingertips as he touched her reverently. They electrified his entire body and his skin seemed to hum with desire.
*****
The throbbing between Ashley's legs was becoming all-consuming. Desperately, she reached for the belt holding his plaid in place, unbuckled it and sent the plaid sailing to the floor.
"Mmm… that's convenient," Ashley murmured breathlessly, as her eyes travelled the length of his completely naked body.
"Aye, 'tis convenient, indeed," he said with a wry grin.
Ashley took a moment to drink in the sight of him. He was beautiful, his body perfection. She couldn't believe that this man, who must surely be every woman's innermost fantasy, was about to make love to her. She reached out and caressed the rock hard evidence of his desire. To her ears, Cailin seemed to hold his breath and her touch had him swaying on his feet. Ashley sucked in a breath of her own, when Cailin swiftly took her in his arms and deposited her onto the bed where he covered her with his solid frame, and his mouth devoured hers. They both gasped for breath as his kisses became more probing and passionate. Cailin left her mouth and kissed his way down her throat and lower still, stopping to take each breast into his mouth, teasing her nipples with his tongue. Ashley wriggled beneath him, pushing her hips against him, impatient to have him inside of her.
"Nae' yet, love," Cailin growled.
Ashley moaned and wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to draw him closer. His masculine hardness rubbed against the soft wetness between her thighs and Ashley bucked against him, wanting more. Cailin unwrapped her legs from his waist and then brushed his fingers down her sensitive ribs and hips, making his way to the pulsing need in her core. He took command of her body expertly, his hands and fingers plunging in and out of her while his thumb flicked across her sensitive nub, making her cry out in sheer ecstasy.
"Cailin," she panted, desperate for more.
He kissed his way lower, towards the place where his hands were so masterfully working their magic. Ashley arched her back, losing any last shreds of control. Cailin's mouth took over the job his fingers had begun, sending her spiraling closer to release when his tongue began its assault. As her climax approached, Cailin increased his efforts until she cried out and shuddered beneath him and still he didn't stop.
Ashley had never been with a man who was so unselfish with his lovemaking. His only interest seemed to be in pleasing her, and he was doing an excellent job. All Ashley could do was close her eyes and enjoy the physical sensations overtaking her body. She reached the peak of ecstasy a second time and lost the ability to focus on anything, but what her man was doing to her trembling body. "Mmm… that was incredible," she moaned.
Cailin looked pleased with himself as he rose up to kiss her swollen lips and guided himself inside her hot, wet body. He growled in satisfaction as he settled deep inside and then began to glide slowly in and out, his body slick with sweat. They moved together, instinctively learning the others needs and wants. Cailin grabbed Ashley's hips as he drove deeper into her body and Ashley moved her own hands to his buttocks, pulling him into her, wanting to become one with him. Cailin frantically increased his pace, his gray eyes locking onto hers as they reached their release together. Cailin exploded inside of her, letting loose with a roar that Ashley answered with her own cries. He rolled to his side, taking his weight off her body and held Ashley close as they both caught their breath. Cailin remained inside her body and they lay joined together for a long, long time.

TWENTY-SEVEN
The morning brought a soft glow to the sleeping chamber. Ashley opened her eyes for the umpteenth time, but now Cailin was sleeping soundly at her side. She shook her head in disbelief, at what had truly been a night to remember. They'd made love so many times, Ashley had lost count, but each time, Cailin had proven himself a caring and unselfish lover. A tiny smile played on her lips and her cheeks flushed as she replayed the details in her mind. The bedding was a tangled mess, but unlike all the other nights when she had slept alone, Ashley hadn't been cold at all last night. Cailin had kept her very warm. She continued to bask in the afterglow of amazing sex as she studied her man in sleep, marveling at how truly beautiful he was. His long black tresses fell across his shoulders, and his eyes, fringed with ebony lashes, remained peacefully closed. And those lips… they had brought her such pleasure all through the night. Her gaze lowered, to the chiseled chest and abs she adored, and then lower still to the part of him that had remained rigid through a night of unparalleled pleasure.
Ashley was reaching out to touch him, naughty thoughts playing through her head, when there was a quiet tap on her door. Before Ashley had a chance to call out, warning whoever it was not to come in, Helene dashed into the chamber.
"M'lady, I must speak with ye," Helene said breathlessly.
Ashley bolted upright, dragging the furs up swiftly to cover herself and Cailin. "What is it, Helene? Is something wrong?"
Helene took in the scene in front of her, and a blush slowly crept up her face. "Oh, I'm so sorry. Nothing is wrong," she stammered, backing towards the door. "I just wanted to speak with ye, while I helped ye dress."
A large, strong hand reached up and pulled Ashley back down onto the mattress. "Helene, Lady Ashley doesnae need yer help this morning. Ye can go," Cailin commanded, his voice gruff with sleep. Helene didn't move.
"Now," Cailin said.
Ashley struggled to sit up, but Cailin had her pinned to the bed.
Helene nodded, her eyes downcast and her cheeks bright red. "I should tell ye, Cailin, yer brother and Sir Robert be lookin' fer ye."
"Let them keep lookin'." Cailin had a wicked grin on his lips when he stared into Ashley's eyes. Ashley cocked an eyebrow and giggled at him, as Helene backed further towards the door. The young woman was fumbling behind her to locate the latch, when the door suddenly swung open, hitting her on the backside. Helene let out a small yelp of surprise when Cormac came through the door, his face filled with mischief.
"Sorry, lass," he apologized to Helene, before raising his eyes to the bed. "Cailin, there ye be! I've been lookin' all over fer ye!"
"Cormac," Cailin growled as he leaped from the bed, exposing his naked form for everyone to see. "How dare ye enter Ashley's room without invitation!"
Ashley wasn't sure what to do. On the one hand, she was enjoying the sight of Cailin's tightly muscled backside, and on the other hand, she was painfully aware of Helene and Cormac standing in her room and knowing exactly what she and Cailin had been up to all night. She quickly pulled the furs up over her head. Apparently, privacy was hard to come by at Breaghacraig. She was going to have to remember to lock the chamber door from now on.
Ashley peeked out from beneath the covers. Helene seemed unable to tear her eyes away from Cailin's nudity, and the shocked expression on her face was a sight to behold. Helene didn't seem to know quite where to look and finally let out an exasperated cry as she turned and ran directly into Cormac's chest.
"'Tis alright, Helene," Cormac soothed the young woman, holding her close. "I've got ye. 'Tis a shocking sight ye've just been unlucky enough to see," he continued, holding back his laughter. "Cailin, cover yerself. Have ye no shame?"
With a frustrated growl, Cailin lunged towards his brother, who avoided him adeptly, even as he pushed Helene out through the doorway. "Robert and I need to speak with ye, brother," Cormac announced.
"Ye can wait," Cailin snapped.
"Nay. I dinnae think we can."
"Well, ye'll have to. Now get out of this chamber before I throw yer sorry arse out," Cailin threatened.
"Calm yerself. I'm goin'. My sincerest apologies, Ashley, for the interruption." Cormac sailed out the door, but not without one last parting shot. "Cailin, I do believe yer the one with the sorry arse - just look at it, brother! No wonder Helene looked so terrified. Well, not only terrified by that sorry arse, but perhaps a wee something else as well." He roared with laughter as he closed the door and left.
Cailin turned back to the bed, the sound of Cormac's laughter still echoing down the hallway. Ashley came out from under the furs and Cailin's furious expression softened.
"Good day to ye, me beauty." Cailin's manhood was standing proudly at attention again.
Ashley smiled seductively and crooked her finger, beckoning him back to bed.
"Hey handsome," she whispered.
Cailin didn't need more encouragement. He leaped onto the bed, wrapping Ashley in his arms. He buried his face in her neck, growling as he nuzzled her throat and covered her with kisses.
"Cailin," she gasped. "Your arse isn't sorry at all. As a matter of fact, it's quite magnificent." To prove her point, she grabbed his backside with both hands and pulled him closer.
As he continued his assault on her senses, Ashley spoke, already quite out of breath. "Do you think we should get dressed? Robert might be angry if you make him wait."
"I dinnae care, my love. I have started something here that must be finished."
Ashley sighed contentedly in his arms, happily anticipating the pleasure to come.

TWENTY-EIGHT
Cailin helped Ashley with her gown and to her surprise he was almost as good at putting it on, as he had been at taking it off. Although it took a bit longer than usual, because of his amorous dallying. When they'd finished dressing, they made their way downstairs where they were greeted by a less than happy Robert.
"Ashley, if ye dinnae mind, I'd speak with Cailin alone," he growled.
Cormac, who stood by Robert's side, offered Ashley a wink and a nod as she walked away. As she made her way towards the great hall, Ashley met a number of people who seemed to offer her a wink, or a sly grin as she passed. Was it only in her imagination, or did everyone look as if they knew exactly what she'd been doing with Cailin last night?
"Good morning," Lena said, when Ashley walked into the hall a few minutes later. "Irene was worried when you didn't join us for breakfast this morning." Lena was settled by the fire, where she was doing some sewing. "The boys are growing so fast, it seems I spend most of my time making them new clothes."
Ashley didn't feel like explaining her tardiness. What was the point? It seemed everyone knew why she was late getting up this morning. So instead, she sat in the chair opposite Lena with a resigned sigh.
"Are you okay?" Lena asked, lapsing easily back to twenty first century slang.
"I'm fine, thanks. Where is Irene, anyway?"
"She's off on her morning rounds, I think. She'll be back soon. You must be hungry."
"I could eat." Ashley felt a bit awkward and to top it off, she could hear Robert yelling at Cailin, although she couldn't understand a word of what was being said. She smiled to herself when she thought of Cailin. Aside from the worry about being the talk of the castle, Ashley was quite content and gloriously happy. Happier than she'd been in years.
Helene appeared out of nowhere, carrying a tray of bannocks, a pot of honey, and a mug of warm cider.
"Thank you, Helene. I'm sorry about the scene earlier in my room," Ashley apologized.
"'Tis my own fault and it is I who should be apologizin'. I shouldnae have barged in to yer chambers uninvited. I thought ye were alone and I was burstin' to tell ye me news," Helene said, her cheeks flushed.
Lena was watching them both, with an expression which was equal parts amusement and curiousity.
"Well, Helene, out with it then," Lena urged. "Ye've piqued my curiosity."
"Oh, I couldnae, Lady Lena," Helene protested. "'Twould nae be proper."
"Helene, we've known each other for a long time now. Ye need not be proper around me. This married woman would love to hear yer news, unless ye'd rather not tell me. I'd be disappointed, but I'd certainly understand."
Helene worried at her lip and after a quick glance around the hall to ensure they were alone, nodded her head.
"Sit, Helene," Ashley said, motioning to the empty chair beside her.
"Verra well then." Helene settled on the edge of the seat, her bright eyes dancing with joy. "I wanted to tell ye, Lady Ashley, that our plan worked and Dougall kissed me in the stables. And he asked if he could court me!" she confessed.
"It seems love was in the air last night," Lena teased.
Ashley and Helene both turned varying shades of red.
"Just one kiss, Helene?" Ashley asked.
"Nay… many kisses." Helene's blush deepened until she was the color of a ripe tomato.
"I'm so happy for you, Helene. That's so exciting! I knew he liked you, I could tell," Ashley smiled warmly, thrilled for Helene's happiness.
"Aye and I'm happy for ye as well," Helene said with one suggestively raised eyebrow.
Ashley giggled and Lena joined in with an amused chuckle before she spoke to both women. "Well, I'm happy for ye both. There's nothing like a new love. The best part, my girls, is that it only gets better with time. I still get butterflies when Ewan looks in my eyes as if I'm the only woman on earth. Our bond has only deepened more with the passing years."
"I only hope that I'll be that lucky, but if the way I feel this morning is any indication, I have to believe it's possible."
"I know you will be," Lena reassured her. "I've seen the way Cailin looks at ye; how his eyes follow your every move. And you, my dear Helene, Dougall will be a very lucky man to have ye by his side."
Helene had been nodding agreement as Lena spoke about Cailin. When Dougall was mentioned, she shook her head. "'Tis I who be the lucky one."
"Oh, I don't know about that," Ashley disagreed, wrapping Helene in a warm hug.
*****
The yelling from out by the stairway had ceased and the three women were enjoying their conversation, when they were joined by a certain handsome man, who only had eyes for Helene.
"Good day, m'ladies," Dougall nodded politely as he addressed Lena and Ashley. "Pardon my interruption. Helene, might I speak with ye please?"
Helene looked towards her friends and then back to Dougall. "Of course." She rose to go to him and Ashley watched curiously, trying not to eavesdrop but unable to help herself.
"What do ye need, Dougall?" Helene asked when she drew nearer to the highlander.
Dougall led her a bit further away from Ashley and Lena and Ashley saw him place his hands on Helene's waist, caught him looking longingly into her eyes. "Ye be all I need, Helene. Will ye walk with me?"
"Aye, Dougall. I will." Helene slipped her hand into the crook of his arm. As he led her away, Helene glanced back over her shoulder and waved goodbye to her friends.
"Wow. That was very romantic," Ashley sighed heavily, charmed by the romance of Dougall's words to Helene. "Who knew Dougall had it in him?"
"Did you see the smile on Helene's face?" Lena asked conspiratorially.
"Mmmhmmm. I know exactly how she feels."
"I'll just bet you do," Lena laughed.
"Where are the boys this morning?" Ashley hurriedly changed the subject.
"Off playing with their cousins, thank goodness. I'm grateful for the quiet time, no matter how brief it may be."
"I could use a bit of fresh air. Care to join me?" Ashley suggested.
"I'd love to. These can wait." She placed her mending on the chair and offered Ashley a devilish smile. "Shall we go spy on the men?"
"That sounds like a very good idea. They should be on the training field, I would think."
"I agree. There is nothing I love more than watching a bunch of hunky men working out, without their shirts on. Shall we go see what they're up to?" Lena had a surprising way of switching back and forth between sixteenth and twenty first century speech patterns. When in the company of Ashley and Helene, she had used a combination of both. When Ashley wasn't involved in a conversation, Lena automatically seemed to defer to the speech pattern used by the clan members.
"Absolutely. Let's go." Ashley took one last bite of the delicious bannocks and followed Lena out through the door.
*****
The skies outside were overcast and grey. The clouds sat oppressively heavy above their heads and threatened a shower of rain soon. Lena and Ashley took a turn around the courtyard, stopping here and there to exchange polite conversation with those they met on the way to the training area.
They stopped to watch as the blacksmith worked his magic with a hammer, anvil, and a raging fire. He was shoeing a young stallion that from the looks of him was still quite green. The large horse was prancing back and forth, the stable boys nimbly avoiding being trampled by his massive hooves. As a fierce burst of wind gusted through the courtyard from the approaching storm, the horse got even more agitated. Ashley suspected the stable boys had little, if any, control over the animal. She and Lena stepped back, safely out of the way and watched as the men struggled to calm the panicked animal.
Just as the young stallion began rearing onto his hind legs and backed away from the blacksmith, Ashley was horrified to hear little Mary, calling for her puppy. Ashley looked around frantically and saw the puppy was running directly towards the frantic horse and its stomping hooves. Worse still, Mary - oblivious to the danger - ran after him.
"Oh, no!" Ashley shouted. Adrenaline coursed through her veins and with no thought to her own safety; she flew across the yard and grabbed Mary and the puppy, just as the huge horse reared once again and fell over backwards. Ashley managed to roll safely out of the way, a split second before the horse landed where they had been. She held on tightly to Mary and the puppy as together they hit the outside wall of the blacksmith's shop. The horse continued to thrash around, trying to get onto its feet and Ashley placed her body over Mary's, desperately trying to protect the little girl.
It all seemed to happen in slow motion. Ashley heard Lena screaming and both Cailin and Robert shouting as they ran towards her and Mary. The horse was finally brought under control, but Ashley couldn't move, stiff with fear. She still held tight to Mary, who was sobbing and clinging tightly to Ashley's gown and her puppy. Ashley herself was near to tears and shaking uncontrollably. Despite her fear, Ashley managed to murmur words of reassurance to the little girl and stroked her back.
"Ashley, love!" Strong arms encircled them and Cailin pulled her to her feet.
"Mary!" Heather cried. "Mary!" Taking Mary from Ashley's arms, Heather examined her daughter to be sure she was unhurt. "Thank ye, Lady Ashley, ye saved her life." Tears ran down Heather's cheeks as she buried her face in Mary's hair.
Ashley was speechless and she held onto Cailin for dear life, happy to be safely in his arms.
"Dinnae fash, love, all's well. Ye be a brave one to be sure," Cailin crooned. He kissed the top of Ashley's head as the others joined them.
"Are ye hurt, Ashley?" Robert queried, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder.
"No… No, I'm fine," Ashley managed to stammer.
"We were coming from the training field and saw what happened," Cormac said.
"I'm just happy I was close enough to help. Mary would have been crushed if…" Ashley stopped abruptly. The thought horrified her and she quickly put it out of her head.
They all surrounded Ashley and she could sense their concern and worry. Lena held her hand, Cormac gently brushed her cheek with his fingers and Irene, who had arrived just before it happened, had tears in her eyes.
"Ye've been a blessing to us all, Ashley. I am forever grateful that Cailin found ye," Irene announced.
"Me, too," Ashley said, still clinging desperately to Cailin.
"Lady?" a small voice said.
Ashley turned to find Mary looking a bit disheveled from their roll through the dirt, but otherwise unharmed.
"Yes, Mary," Ashley smiled.
"Thank ye."
"You're very welcome, little one. I could never let any harm come to you."
Mary reached up her arms for a hug and Ashley squatted down to her level, taking the little girl in her arms.
"I be forever in yer debt, Lady Ashley," Heather tearfully vowed, as she took Mary's hand and walked away.
"Come, love, let's get ye inside. Yer still shaking," Cailin said.
Irene was busily brushing the dirt off Ashley's gown. "I think we'll need to repair yer gown. It's ripped from yer tumble." She followed behind, clucking like a mother hen as Cailin led Ashley back inside. He settled her beside the fire as thunder began to rumble overhead.
"This calls for some Uisge." Robert handed her a cup. "To calm yer nerves, lass."
Cailin sat down next to Ashley and wrapped her small, soft hand inside of his large, work roughened palm. She wanted so badly to curl up in his lap and be comforted by his warmth, but she had to remember where she was and suspected it might not be acceptable behavior.
A loud crack of thunder reverberated through the hall and Ashley jumped, almost spilling her drink. Cailin was aware of her fear of thunder and lightning, and after what she had just been through he obviously wasn't going to be content until he held her in his arms. Cailin pulled her out of her chair and straight into his lap. Ashley found herself right where she wanted to be and as he wrapped her protectively in his arms, she sighed and rested her head against his solid, comforting chest.
*****
That evening's meal was eaten amidst stories of Ashley's heroic deed. It seems everyone took a turn telling the tale from his or her own perspective, and with each retelling, the story became more fiction than fact, but it was all in good fun and Ashley found she was enjoying her super hero status, even if it was vastly exaggerated. She'd never before thought herself capable of putting her own life at risk to save another, but in this case, there had been no time to think. Only time to react. So while she was being treated like a heroine, Ashley didn't feel she really deserved it. She just happened to be in a position to grab Mary, long before anyone else would have reached her. She loved the little girl, and couldn't bear to see her get hurt.
Glancing around the room, Ashley saw Helene was seated with Dougall, both completely engrossed in one another. They talked; sharing food and loving looks. Ashley smiled and reached under the table to squeeze Cailin's knee, just as someone was commenting on how they'd never seen such a wee lass run so fast in all their days. Cailin looked at her, adoration plain in his eyes.
"Look," Ashley nodded in Helene's direction. "My plan worked." She beamed with happiness.
"I can see poor Dougall is as smitten as I am," Cailin teased. "'Tis a good days work ye've done, love. Ye saved a bairn and her pup and ye gave love a helping hand. Ye are a wonder. What have ye planned for tomorrow?"
Ashley playfully slapped his arm and he leaned in to kiss her cheek.
"I almost forgot with all the excitement today," Ashley began. "Was Robert terribly angry with you this morning?"
Cailin shrugged nonchalantly. "Robert's temper is quick to come and quick to go. He was angrier with me for being with ye last night, than for nae coming when he called this morn."
Ashley was disappointed. "Oh, no! Does that mean you can't stay with me again tonight? I mean," she blushed uncertainly. "I wouldn't want to upset Robert by disobeying his rules."
"Dinnae fash, mo chuisle. He was concerned for ye, that be all. Robert feels very protective of ye. As the Laird of Breaghacraig, yer his responsibility. I set his mind at ease. He knows I love ye and that ye feel the same way about me."
"So that means it's okay for us to be together? Even though we're not married?" Ashley asked curiously.
"Aye, it does."
Ashley expression must have melted into obvious relief, because Cailin chuckled softly, lifted her chin and softly kissed her lips.

TWENTY-NINE
The men's departure date was approaching rapidly and yet Cailin found time to spend with Ashley every day. He cherished their time together, and he knew Ashley was aware, as much as he was, that anything might happen during the upcoming confrontation with Sir Richard's troops. He tried not to think about it, and definitely didn't want to talk about it. Instead, he reveled in their days and nights together.
Two days before their departure date, Cailin had a surprise planned for Ashley. After a morning of training with his men, he went to the kitchens where he picked up the basket of food the cook had packed for him at his request. He'd asked Ashley to meet him at the postern gate shortly before noon, telling her he had a surprise for her. Whistling a spirited tune as he walked, Cailin rounded the keep to find a radiant Ashley waiting for him. When she saw him, her face lit with joy and she ran to him with outstretched arms.
"I am a lucky man," Cailin remarked, using his free arm to scoop her towards him for a kiss.
"Where are we going? Is that food you have there? I hope so, because I'm hungry."
Cailin couldn't get a word in, but he was a patient man and knew that if he waited long enough the questions would stop. Or he could just kiss her, as that always worked as well. He chose option two and was glad of it. Not only did the questions stop, but she returned his kiss with such passion, that he had to remind himself of the surprise he had for her and that it didn't involve retiring to their bedchamber - at least, not yet.
"Someone's happy to see me," she purred, when she felt his erection poking against her belly.
"Verra happy, love." He kissed the tip of her nose and taking her hand, led her out through the gate. "I know how much ye love the beach," he said, "so I've had cook pack us some food. 'Tis a beautiful, sunny day to sit near the water and be with ye."
"Awww… You are the sweetest, most thoughtful man I've ever known."
"Come, love. I cannae wait to get there," Cailin said as he pulled her closer and led her along the top of the bluff. The ocean breeze ruffled their hair and carried the fresh scent of the water to them as they strolled along, wrapped in each other's arms.
"What will we do when we get there?" She gave him one of 'those' looks - the type that had him thinking of her lying naked on the beach, with only him to cover her, and what pleasure they might find with each other.
Cailin growled low in his chest and gritted his teeth. That would have to wait, he reminded himself, and it would be all the better for the waiting. "Ye'll have to wait and see," he teased. "It's a surprise."
Once they reached their destination, Cailin laid a plaid on the sand for them to sit on. He set out an array of foods, along with some very good wine he'd pilfered from Robert's stocks. There were meat pasties, cheese, fruit and Ashley's favorite little apple tarts, which he had requested especially for her.
They ate sitting side by side, arms touching in a companionable silence as they watched the waves rolling in to shore. The water was a deep, sapphire blue and the sun shone on it making it sparkle as if the surface was covered with thousands of tiny diamonds. All was quiet, but for the sounds of the waves and the birds.
"Oh, Cailin, this is so perfect," Ashley sighed, as she rested her head on his shoulder. "You know, I've been thinking," she said quietly.
"And what have ye been thinkin' of, mo chuisle?" Cailin felt his heart stutter in his chest, even as he lightly spoke the words. He knew Ashley had been thinking long and hard about whether to go back to her time, and he'd feared what her decision would be and that he was about to have his heart broken.
Ashley inhaled a deep breath and he watched her cautiously. "I've decided to stay. That is, if you still want me to."
His breath left his lungs in a relieved rush of air. "I do want ye to. I want ye to stay, more than anything. Do ye really mean it?" he asked. He'd brought Ashley here to surprise her and she had a surprise of her own. "Ashley, love, ye make me so happy. The reason I brought ye here today, was to ask ye to stay here in Breaghacraig with me."
He watched Ashley as her forehead creased with concern. "Oh! I hope I didn't ruin your surprise."
"Nae, nae at all. There was more to the surprise than just that." He reached into his sporran and pulled out a small velvet pouch, which he handed to Ashley. "I wanted to give ye this."
"What is it?" she questioned, anticipation shining brightly in her eyes.
"Open it. Ye'll soon see."
Ashley opened the bag and gasped when a beautiful pendant spilled out into her hand.
"It's beautiful," she said breathlessly.
Cailin gazed down at the pendant in her hand, warmth in his gray eyes. "It belonged to me mother."
"Your mother? It's beautiful, are you sure you want me to have it?"
"'Twas given to me, by me mother, to be given to me ladylove. And ye are me ladylove, are ye not?"
Ashley nodded her agreement, staring at the beautiful jewel.
"So, it's yers now."
It was so lovely, she couldn't believe he was choosing to give it to her. An elongated teardrop-shaped pendant, it had an amber center which echoed the shape of the piece itself and was set in gold and surrounded by small round pearls, set in silver.
Cailin took it from her hands and placed it around her neck. The pendant nestled between her breasts and he reached out to touch the skin tenderly where it lay.
"The stone matches yer eyes, love. I wonder now, how me mother knew that I would fall in love with a woman with amber eyes?" He gently took her face in his hands and gave her a kiss that said everything he was thinking and feeling at that moment.
"Ashley, will ye be me wife?"
Tears of joy sprang into her eyes and she threw her arms around him, almost knocking Cailin onto his back.
"Oh, yes, yes! Yes, I will!"
*****
As if it had been rehearsed, Ashley noticed Irene, Robert, Lena, Ewan and Cormac, heading their way.
Robert spoke first. "Well, did she say yes, brother?"
Cailin grinned. "Aye. She did."
"Then will the two of ye come and stand before me?"
Cailin helped Ashley to her feet and she stared at him, suddenly confused. He smiled his reassurance and escorted her to where Robert stood.
"Please face one another and Ashley, put yer hands in Cailin's if ye will, lass."
She did as he asked and Robert took a length of ribbon from Irene and used it to bind their hands together.
"As the Lord of Breaghacraig, and the MacKenzie clan, it is my honor to pronounce that ye Cailin and ye Ashley have been hand fasted for a year and a day. He reached out and clapped Cailin on the shoulder, and then kissed Ashley's cheek, which was damp with tears. "Oh, and welcome to the clan, Ashley, me dear," Robert added with a delighted smile.
The others offered their congratulations one after the other. Irene and Lena were barely able to speak because they were so overwhelmed, but they threw their arms around the happy couple and managed to convey their congratulations with delighted hugs. Through her tears, Irene finally spoke. "Ma would be so proud of ye, Cailin. Ye have chosen well." She kissed her brother's cheek and then turned to Ashley. "We will plan a beautiful wedding, for when the men return. We will use the time while they are gone to get everything ready."
Ashley couldn't remember a happier time in her life. Who knew she'd find all the happiness she'd ever wanted in sixteenth century Scotland? Looking at all the happy faces surrounding her, Ashley realized she'd also found a family she could love, and in return be loved by them.
*****
Watching the scene unfolding below him, Thomas lay on his belly at the top of the bluff and sneered. "Enjoy your time together, for now. Soon you'll be mine, woman."
"We could take them now, sir," suggested Roger, the very large man who was lying next to Thomas.
"And ruin this happy moment? I think not, Roger. We'll wait for our opportunity. I want the girl, and Sir Richard wants Irene. Cailin will suffer endlessly, knowing that I have her, and what I'll be doing to her. There won't be a thing he can do to stop it." He laughed coldly. "When I'm done with her, he'll never want her again."
"If I might be so bold, sir, why do you hate Cailin MacBayne so much?" Roger asked, wiping his heavily sweating brow with a handkerchief.
"My wife killed herself because of that bastard. She did not want a marriage to me. She wanted MacBayne." Thomas spat out the words bitterly. "Laird Scott wanted his daughter to be happy, so he tried to arrange a marriage through the MacKenzie's at first, but when that didn't work out, he did what suited him. Being a border laird, he wanted an alliance with the English, specifically with Sir Richard. It was agreed by all parties that a marriage to me would provide the alliance he required. I was very happy to marry Elise, she was a beauty, but she looked at me from the beginning with utter disgust. The foolish girl thought she was in love with MacBayne and it ruined everything! He was in her every thought and she refused to let me touch her. As her husband, I was entitled to take her to my bed, but she fought me tooth and nail. She hated me for taking what was rightfully mine, accused me of raping her! How can a man be accused of raping his own wife? Rather than endure a lifetime with me, Elise chose to end her own life." Thomas narrowed his eyes, his rage apparent from his clenched fists. "So you see, Roger, Cailin MacBayne deprived me of my wife - and I intend to deprive him of his."

THIRTY
As they lay in bed together that night, their arms and legs entwined, Ashley mused over her delight at having finally found her perfect match.
"Cailin?"
"Aye, love," Cailin murmured, running his fingers languidly through her hair.
"I know we haven't spoken about the fight with Sir Richard, but I'm afraid," Ashley admitted quietly.
Cailin lifted his head to gaze down at her. "What are ye afraid of, love?"
A single tear ran down Ashley's cheek and onto Cailin's chest. "I love you so much and I'm so happy, but I'm afraid something might happen to take all that away."
"Dinnae fash, love. I mean to return to ye, as quickly as I am able." Cailin lifted her chin and gazed into her tear-filled eyes, his expression serious. "Richard willnae win this. We are well trained, well-armed and he doesnae know we're coming," he reassured her, brushing the tears away from her cheeks. "I dinnae like to see ye this way, mo chuisle. I dinnae wish to leave ye, but I must. Richard will be defeated and then there willnae be any more worries for either of us."
Ashley nodded sadly. "I understand." And she did, but she couldn't rid herself of the nagging feeling that something bad was going to happen. It had been plaguing her for days. The biggest problem was, that she simply wasn't used to these sorts of circumstances. Now she understood and sympathized with women from her time, whose husbands and boyfriends were deployed to a war zone. She'd never really had to think about it before, but now she was getting ready to send her own man off to battle and it was the most frightening thing she had ever experienced.
Despite Cailin's reassurances, Ashley wasn't thoroughly convinced, so he took her mind off the subject, in the only way he knew how. Ashley was more than happy to let him and for a few glorious hours, she embraced her future husband and pushed her worries to one side.
*****
The morning came much too quickly for Ashley's liking, and she stretched and opened her eyes to find Cailin was already up and gone. He'd explained the night before that he would be busy all day, preparing for their departure. There was much to do and Ashley probably wouldn't see him again until the evening meal.
Helene knocked on her door and entered. "Good morn to ye, m'lady."
"Good morning, Helene." Ashley had tried her best to get Helene to stop calling her 'm'lady', but old habits die hard, so she'd eventually given up.
As Helene helped Ashley to dress and braid her hair, they both talked about their fears.
"Are you worried, Helene?" Ashley questioned.
"Aye, m'lady. I'm very frightened for Dougall and the others. He told me I shouldnae worry. He said they would all come back safely."
"Cailin said much the same thing to me."
"But ye dinnae believe it," Helene stated.
"It's not that I don't believe it, Helene. It's just," Ashley hesitated, choosing her words carefully, "it's just that I have a bad feeling about it."
Helene tilted her head to one side. "What do ye mean, m'lady?"
Ashley shrugged, twisting a length of ribbon between her fingers anxiously. "I can't really explain it, and I haven't said anything to anyone else, but it's as if a dark cloud is hanging over my head. I don't know what it means but it's constantly there."
Helene didn't respond right away, and Ashley watched her as she turned the idea around in her head. "M'lady, the men are verra sure they will all come back to us, and we must believe that," Helene finally announced firmly.
"You're right, Helene. I'm going to concentrate on thinking positive thoughts for them." Ashley smiled brightly at Helene, knowing she wasn't alone in her concern. Irene, Lena, Helene, and many of the other women in the castle had exactly the same concerns. Ashley decided she would do her best to keep an upbeat attitude - even if she didn't believe it deep in her heart.
The women broke their fast together and then went their separate ways to commence their work for the day. Lena was tasked with watching over the children today. Helene was to help the kitchen, putting together food and supplies for the men's journey. When the two women had hurried away, Irene took Ashley by the arm. "Ye can come with me, Ashley. We'll be checking to see that all the packing is being done properly."
Ashley was happy to have something useful to do, hopefully it would keep her from spending the entire day worrying. Irene and Ashley made the rounds of the castle and the surrounding grounds and found that all was going according to plan. Everyone knew their jobs and were seeing to it that they got done quickly and efficiently. Irene seemed pleased and the two women helped out where necessary.
They joined up with Lena and Helene again for the noon meal. Lena was full of stories about the children, who had joined the women in the great hall to eat. The antics of the twins had everyone at the table laughing, and lightened the mood considerably.
In fact, Ashley was laughing so hard, she had tears in her eyes. Those little boys were just what the doctor ordered as far as she was concerned.
After they ate, the youngest children went off for a nap and Lena took the others to work on their reading and letters, whilst Helene hurried back to the kitchen, leaving Ashley and Irene alone with their mutual worries. They exchanged a worried glance and Irene grabbed Ashley's hands in her own. "Let's go for a walk," Irene suggested.
Ashley offered her a weak smile. "Okay. Where shall we go?"
"Yer favorite place," Irene suggested.
"Will that be safe?" Ashley questioned doubtfully. "Cailin doesn't like me leaving the castle alone."
"Ye won't be going alone, I'll be with ye." Irene waited for a response and when none was forthcoming, she coaxed Ashley with a reassuring nod of her head. "We'll nae be going that far. There's been no word of trouble near the castle, and the beach is only minutes away. We'll go for a wee walk and it'll calm our nerves."
Ashley smiled. "You're right. Let's go, I'd enjoy the fresh air."
The sky overhead was beautifully clear as the two women made their way to the postern gate. The guard on duty greeted them as they passed, inclining his head in their direction. "M'ladies."
"Malcolm," Irene returned his greeting, with a regal nod as they swept past his position.
Strolling along the path that led to the beach, the same sensation of dread overcame Ashley once more. She just couldn't seem to shake it. She scanned the area in front and behind as they walked. Irene was chattering away, oblivious to Ashley's growing sense of impending doom. As they approached the path leading down to the beach, Ashley scanned the tree line. She thought she caught a glimpse of something shiny and metallic, but before she could focus on it, the object was gone.
"Lady Ashley, Lady Ashley!" an out of breath William ran up behind them, carrying a puppy in his arms.
"William," Ashley jumped at the sound of his voice. "What is it? Is something wrong?"
"No, Lady. I just wanted to come along with ye."
Ashley looked to Irene, who smiled and nodded, before she responded. "I guess that would be alright." Ashley put a hand on his back and they started the walk down to the beach.
The sounds of the wind and the water brought Ashley a sense of peace, as they always did. Her thoughts turned to outings she'd enjoyed with her family when she was growing up, and how precious those memories were. It truly was the simple things in life that mattered most and created the best memories. A blanket in the sand, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, pails, and shovels to dig in the sand, and her family to share it. Those were the simple memories Ashley cherished. She was making new memories now, with her new family and she was so grateful for the opportunity. On impulse, Ashley hugged Irene and then William, who gazed at her with adoring eyes.
They walked along the shoreline together, enjoying the fine weather and the beautiful views. William put the puppy down on the sand and they laughed together when the puppy barked furiously and ran away from the incoming waves. William ran along the beach and the puppy chased him back and forth across the sand.
Irene and Ashley were so engrossed in the happy scene before them, they didn't hear the sound of horses' hooves pounding across the sand until it was too late.
Ashley became aware of impending trouble when she noticed William's eyes widen. Ashley followed his gaze and couldn't believe what she was seeing. Men on horseback had rounded an outcropping of rocks further down the beach and galloped towards them swiftly. She tugged on Irene's sleeve anxiously, too stunned to speak.
"Run!" Irene shrieked and the three of them bolted for the narrow pathway leading away from the beach. If they could get to it before the horses reached them, they might have a chance. The path was narrow and rocky. A man on horseback would never make it, and they could gain some distance before the men could dismount.
Ashley stole a glance over her shoulder and her heart stuttered in her chest. Their pursuers were nearly upon them and she grabbed Irene's hand and dragged her along. "Faster!" she panted. "We're almost there!"
William reached the path first and started the climb up, followed by Irene and Ashley. They had almost made it to the top and Ashley began to gain some confidence that they might get away. The horses had been drawn to a halt at the bottom of the bluff and the men didn't attempt to follow them on foot. Instead, the men were watching their progress, looking up and apparently laughing as the three cleared the top. Ashley's heart sank when she scrambled over the top of the cliff and came face to face with another group of men on horses, waiting for them.
Ashley shoved William and his puppy behind her body to protect them, as she quickly surveyed her surroundings. Her eyes came to rest on a familiar face. "Thomas!" she uttered, shocked to see him again.
"Lady Ashley. I'm so happy to discover that you remember me." Thomas leered at her in a way that made her very uncomfortable. "And this must surely be Lady Irene? Sir Richard will be so pleased."
He nudged his horse closer to Ashley and stared down at her coldly. "You, my little horse thief, shall ride with me."
"I'm not going anywhere with you." Ashley knew it was futile to argue, but if she could keep them here for even a few minutes longer, someone from the castle was bound to see them from the battlements and sound the alarm. "I'm sorry about your horse. I didn't steal it, actually, I just couldn't risk leaving him there for you to chase after us. He's at the castle. I can get him for you if you like and then you can let us all go," she suggested.
"I'm not here for the horse!" Thomas snapped. "I'm here to retrieve you, and Lady Irene. Do not fight me on this, woman. You will not win."
"I did last time. I'm sure you remember." Ashley announced bravely, trying not to look as intimidated as she felt.
"I do, and you can be sure you'll pay for it."
Ashley turned to run, but Thomas swiftly reached down and grabbed her by the hair with a steely grip, nearly yanking her off her feet. Ashley cried out when searing pain shot through her scalp. Another man who had already dismounted reached her side and swiftly clamped a hand over her mouth, to stifle her screams.
"Get Lady Irene on a horse," Thomas yelled, still gripping Ashley's hair viciously, as she struggled against the heavy man holding her, his hand still covering her mouth. "I'm not interested in the boy."
A second man led a struggling Irene to a bay horse and roughly lifted her to sit in front of the man riding it.
Thomas motioned to one of his men. "Tie the lad up and leave him here. We can't have him running back to the castle for help and I don't want to take the brat, or his damnable dog."
Panicked at what was in store for them, Ashley bit her captor's hand. The man wrenched his hand away from her mouth and slapped her hard across the face. Ashley's knees buckled and she would have fallen, except for the tight grip Thomas still had on her hair. Fierce anxiety began to set in when she heard Irene shout out and William sobbing. The large man grabbed her by the throat and pushed her against Thomas' horse, choking her. She couldn't breathe and her vision began to get hazy. She tried kicking and thrashing to escape his assault but to no avail. He seemed intent on killing her.
"Thomas," Irene shouted. "Stop him! He's going to kill Ashley!"
"Roger, enough!" Thomas ordered, seemingly amused by Ashley's distress.
Roger released his grip on Ashley's throat and she sobbed, holding her hands to her throbbing neck.
"Put her up here with me!" Thomas said coldly. "We must get away before we're sighted." He glared at Irene who was still yelling and struggling and shouted orders to the man she was seated with. "Keep her quiet!"
Before Ashley knew what was happening, she found herself thrown unceremoniously onto Thomas's horse and they were galloping off into the trees and away from the castle and any possibility of help.

THIRTY-ONE
After what seemed like hours of being jostled as they galloped across the fields, Thomas slowed their pace to a walk. Ashley did her best to avoid coming into contact with Thomas's body, but he crushed her against him in a viselike grip. Worse yet, he was enjoying their close proximity and didn't try to hide his pleasure. Ashley found wriggling and twisting in her futile attempts to get away only made matters worse. Her arms were pinned by her sides and she was powerless to free them. Thomas's hand found its way into the top of her gown and he fondled her breast crudely.
"Don't touch me," she hissed between her gritted teeth.
Thomas merely laughed and pinched her nipple with so much force; Ashley had to bite her lip to keep from screaming.
"You are a tasty piece. I shall enjoy having you later." He leaned forward and licked her neck, chuckling softly.
Bile rose in Ashley's throat. She needed to get a grip on her fear and go on the offensive. She couldn't physically hurt Thomas, but surely she could mess with his head.
The other men were certainly enjoying the show, laughing and making lewd remarks as they watched Thomas' treatment of his captive. Having an audience only seemed to encourage Thomas to go even further with his disgusting groping. Ashley needed to do something to change the situation, and quickly.
"Thomas?" Ashley tried to get his attention, screwing up her nose in disgust as he pressed slobbering wet kisses against her neck.
"Mmmm…"
This was bad. If Ashley couldn't stop him, Thomas would have her gown removed in no time and what would happen then was too horrible to contemplate.
"Thomas!" she said sharply. "Stop it! Now!"
"Oh, you really don't want me to stop, little horse thief. You'll be begging for more, before too much longer." He released the reins, so he could use both hands in his assault. One continued to torment her left breast, while the other snaked up under her gown and caressed her naked thigh. Every time she struggled, Thomas brutally bit her neck or squeezed her breast unmercifully. Tears of anger and frustration threatened to spill, but she wouldn't give him or any of the other men the satisfaction of seeing her cry.
Thomas grabbed her crotch roughly, groping her mound and trying to penetrate her with a finger. She swatted at his hands, but it only served to anger him further. He yanked her arms behind her back and quickly tied her wrists together with a leather strap, ensuring her hands lay conveniently against his groin, where he could rub himself on them.
"Now, where was I?" he laughed cruelly.
He returned to molesting her and Ashley shrieked. She tried kicking at the horse's flanks but it didn't have any effect. Their mount was a warhorse and extremely well trained to respond only to his master.
Ashley decided to try another tactic. Physically, she couldn't do anything, but perhaps she could upset Thomas's plans in other ways. "Good grief, you smell as if you haven't bathed since we last met." She could only hope he had a sense of vanity. "You really should think about bathing more often. Maybe if you didn't smell so bad, you'd be more appealing to women. Honestly, it's so bad I'm trying not to gag. You smell absolutely disgusting."
The men laughed uproariously and Thomas glared at them. It stopped his groping hands for a moment, so Ashley continued the verbal assault.
"Don't you want to be more appealing to the ladies?" she queried, trying to keep her voice casual.
"They like me just fine, exactly the way I am," he spat the words, and again his hands stilled.
"I'm not talking about the women you have to pay to spend time with you." When no reply was forthcoming, Ashley continued. "What about your wife? I heard that she killed herself, because she couldn't bear being with you."
Thomas grabbed her throat and squeezed. "Quiet, woman," he growled. "Do not mention my wife, ever again, or you shall live to regret it."
Ashley pressed on, despite his hand at her throat. "You do know Cailin isn't responsible for her death, don't you?"
"Enough!" Thomas yelled and squeezing his horse with his thighs, they took off at a run again.
Ashley was relieved that her plan to distract Thomas had worked, but she was afraid of what was going to happen when they reached their destination.
They seemed to ride for hours, and just when Ashley began to wonder if they would ever stop, they came to a large encampment in a clearing.
Several shelters had been set up around a large central fire pit. The largest of the shelters seemed to be the one Thomas was galloping towards.
Thomas dismounted and left Ashley alone with Roger, who made certain to fondle every inch of Ashley as he lifted her out of the saddle and slid her down the length of his mountainous frame. He grabbed her buttocks and pulled her against his crotch rubbing her indecently against something scarily large and hard.
"Thomas!" Ashley gasped, shoving at Roger's chest.
"Roger, let her go! She's mine for the time being, but you're welcome to her, once I'm done. That is, if there's anything left of her." He leered at Ashley and licked his lips, as if he were contemplating his next meal.
*****
Irene had remained quiet during the ride, shocked and horrified by Ashley's treatment at Thomas' hands. The man who was riding with Irene hadn't attempted to touch her inappropriately, or even spoken to her. She imagined she was immune to their abuse because Sir Richard had commanded it.
Irene only hoped she could keep Ashley out of harm's way until Robert and Cailin came to rescue them. There was no doubt in Irene's mind, they would be coming, and when they did, there'd be hell to pay.
*****
Heather had searched everywhere for William. She hadn't seen him in hours and it was getting dark now. She didn't know what to do, but she needed some help because she was certain William was nowhere in the castle. Searching frantically, she found her husband, Finn and told him William was missing, gripping his shirt worriedly.
Finn immediately ran to the main gates, dragging Heather along behind him. The guards there hadn't seen William. They went to the postern gate next, where the guard informed them that William had followed Lady Irene and Lady Ashley when they left to go for a walk earlier in the afternoon. They hadn't returned through the postern gate, but the guard thought they might have come in through the main entrance.
Heather stared up at her husband and burst into tears. They both knew that hadn't happened. "We must find the Laird," Finn announced. As they approached the door, Heather and Finn ran into Cailin and Robert, who appeared as concerned as Heather was.
Heather bobbed into a curtsey. "Beggin' yer pardon, sirs, but I be wonderin' if Lady Irene or Lady Ashley have returned to the castle? I must seek their help."
"What is it, Heather? We were just lookin' for them ourselves," Cailin said curtly.
Heather paled and her mouth dropped open. Finn glanced down at his wife and spoke for her. "We've been searchin' for William all over, and haven't found him. The guard at the postern gate said William followed Lady Irene and Lady Ashley out when they left earlier this afternoon, but they hadn't returned that way. The guard at the main gate says he hasn't seen them, either."
*****
Cailin stared at Finn in horror, before turning his gaze to Robert. "I told Ashley nae to leave the castle!"
Robert inhaled sharply. "Aye, well apparently she did. And my Irene as well. Where do you think they'll have gone?"
Cailin looked out into the darkness and thought for a moment. Where would Ashley go? The answer came almost immediately. "The beach. The lass loves the beach."
"Cailin, gather the men. We'll need torches. We'll go on foot, to search along the path and down onto the beach," Robert ordered, taking control of the situation immediately.
"Aye, Robert." Cailin ran off, shouting commands to the men he passed on his way to the great hall.
Within minutes, Cailin had a dozen heavily armed men with torches organized, and they stood at the postern gate, ready to begin the search.
They followed the path away from Breaghacraig, searching for any signs that the three who'd gone missing had passed this way. Cailin was beside himself with anger and fear. He had told Ashley repeatedly, she was nae to leave the castle without him or one of his men. Why would she go off like that? He knew Irene was just as hardheaded as Ashley could be, when she got it in her mind to do something and the two of them together could only spell trouble. He'd give Ashley a piece of his mind once he found her. Verbal threats about locking the lass in her room hadnae worked, but mayhap this time he would really do it. As he strode along the path, Cailin found the anger kept the fear at bay and he focused on it, drawing strength for the task at hand.
As they approached the tree line at the top of the bluff, Cailin heard the faint sounds of a puppy barking and then the woeful cries of a young lad.
Robert signaled to their men to stay back, before he raced towards the sounds with Cailin.
Cailin reached William first. "William are ye alright?" He cut the ropes holding William to the tree. The puppy was jumping all over them in his excitement. William sobbed uncontrollably and Cailin pulled him into his arms to offer the young boy some comfort. His mind was awash with fear for Ashley and Irene, but he needed to calm the boy enough to get him to talk. "What happened, William? Where is Lady Ashley?"
"Come now, lad," Robert said gently. "We need yer help to find them."
William sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve. He hugged the puppy close as he took a deep breath and nodded. "I ken I shouldnae have done it, but I followed them to the beach. We were playing with the pup, when men on horses came riding across the sand. We ran and made it to the top here." He took another deep breath and with visible effort, held back the tears that were threatening to spill. "We thought we'd gotten away, but there were more waitin' for us up here."
"What happened next?" Cailin urged.
"The mean man called Lady Ashley a horse thief and told her she was to ride with him. Lady Ashley tried to run away, but he grabbed her by the hair. Another man slapped her really hard, and then choked her. The mean man on the horse told the other man; he called him Roger, to stop hurting Lady Ashley. The mean man told one of the men to put Lady Irene on a horse and another one to tie me up, as he didnae want the pup or me." William began crying again. "Then the man named Roger threw Lady Ashley up onto the mean man's horse, and they all rode away."
Cailin was seething. These men William spoke of were dead men, as far as Cailin was concerned. They'd pay dearly for hurting Ashley.
"Cailin," William's little voice broke into his turbulent thoughts.
Cailin glanced down at the lad, brushing his tears away. "Aye, William?"
"Lady Ashley knew the mean man. She called him Thomas."
"Aye. Thank ye, William, ye've been a verra brave lad. Come, let's get ye back to yer Ma and Da. They've been worried about ye."
Cailin's calm exterior was an illusion, inside he was boiling with rage. He was acutely aware that Ashley's life was in jeopardy, and that knowledge frightened him more than anything ever had before. He knew he'd have to force that fear away, if he were going to be effective in the hunt for Ashley and Irene.
Cormac appeared at his side and placed a hand on Cailin's shoulder. "We'll find them, brother," Cormac reassured him quietly.
Cailin remained silent. On the battlefield, he had a single-minded focus, but this was personal. The bastards had been stupid enough to take his woman and he would have no mercy for them.
"We ride, now," Robert announced to the men.
They hurried back to the castle, and Cailin knew every man was aware of how high the stakes were. The clan was very fond of Irene, and he knew Ashley had made a good impression on them since her arrival. They would do anything required of them, to save the two women from capture.
Once back in the castle courtyard, Cailin mounted his horse, which one of the stable boys had already prepared. All around him, preparations were underway for their departure and men shouted back and forth in the torchlight.
"Robert! Cailin!" Ewan called out as he and Lena made their way across the bustling courtyard.
"Is it true?" Lena asked worriedly. "Have they taken Irene and Ashley?"
Robert put his booted foot into the stirrup and mounted his warhorse. "Aye. I'm afraid 'tis so," he confirmed grimly.
Lena almost collapsed to the ground, but Ewan caught her and held her close to his side.
"Brother, I leave ye in charge here at Breaghacraig. If all goes well, we'll return quickly with our women," Robert commanded.
Ewan nodded. "Godspeed, Robert, Cailin. Our prayers will go with ye."
The gates were pulled opened and Cailin urged his horse forward, desperate to begin. The horses filed out, breaking into a gallop as they headed off to begin the search for Sir Richard's encampment.

THIRTY-TWO
Irene and Ashley were escorted into Sir Richard's shelter by Thomas and Roger. Irene was treated as an honored guest, whereas Ashley was being treated as a prisoner, and it made Irene positively furious.
"Irene, my love. You look as beautiful as ever." Richard took Irene's hand and tenderly kissed her palm.
Irene's gaze was steely when she snatched her hand away. "What goes on here, Richard?" she demanded.
"I have merely brought you back where you belong, dear Irene. By my side."
"Richard, I belong with Robert, my husband," Irene emphasized, glaring at him.
"I beg to differ. You were mine, and he stole you from me. I have rescued you from life in that barbaric Scottish castle that heathen calls home," Richard argued imperiously, examining his fingernails as if already bored with the conversation.
"He didn't steal me, Richard! I chose him. You've got to accept that and let us go!"
Anger flashed across Richard's face, but he hid it quickly and turned towards Ashley.
"What have we here?" he asked.
"Cailin MacBayne's whore, Sir Richard," Thomas said, offering Richard a low bow.
Irene cringed when Richard grabbed Ashley's chin roughly, examining her carefully. He pressed a finger to the bruises on Ashley's neck, and Irene fisted her hands in anger when she saw Ashley cringe. "Did she give you trouble, Thomas?"
"Nay, sir. We handled her with no problem."
Richard continued his inspection, as if Ashley were little more than an interesting animal in a stable. "This is the young lady who stole your horse and tried to kill you, is it not, Thomas?"
"Aye," Thomas said grimly, and Irene caught the fury in his eyes as he glared at Ashley.
Sir Richard turned away from Ashley dismissively. "Then I'm sure you'll enjoy exacting your revenge."
Irene stepped forward anxiously. "Richard, please don't let them hurt Ashley anymore," she begged.
Sir Richard appeared amused by Irene's concern and raised an eyebrow. "Ah, so you care about what happens to the whore?"
"Aye." Irene lowered her gaze, trying to appear demure; frightened that if she showed any sign of temper, things would get worse. "She is Cailin's betrothed. Thomas has treated her with much disrespect."
Sir Richard waved a dismissive hand. "Do not fear my love. If all goes according to plan, you will both be free of your Scottish captors before too much longer. And then you will be free to marry me," he smiled evilly, "but alas, your poor Ashley is destined to find herself in the position of being the camp whore."
Irene was horrified when Sir Richard suddenly grabbed Ashley by the arm, dragging her along with him as he came to stand in front of Irene.
"Now, Irene, my love, you know I would never hurt you. I will, however, have no qualms whatsoever about hurting your companion."
To prove his point he backhanded Ashley, who stumbled and would have fallen except for the iron grip Richard had on her arm.
"Richard, be reasonable," Irene pleaded. I do not love ye. I never have, and I never will. Robert will see ye dead for what you do here this day."
Richard released Ashley and she fell to her knees.
"Irene, I do not intend to argue the point with you. You are mine, and should have been right from the beginning. If you wish your friend here to remain in good health, you will cooperate with me and stop this nonsense."
"Irene, don't let him bully you. They'll come for us, don't worry." Ashley struggled to stand up again and Irene was proud of her effort to sound confident, despite their dire situation. Ashley's remarks earned her another slap, which sent her sprawling onto the ground again.
"Richard, if ye think hurting Ashley is going to make me love ye, yer wrong! It will only make me hate ye more! Ye cannae win me by beating her to death!"
"Perhaps you are right, my love. I'll leave her be for the moment, but if things don't go my way," he leaned closer to Irene, speaking against her ear in a low voice and Irene shivered. "Well, we won't discuss that now."
"Richard, ye ken I have bairns with my husband, don't ye? I cannae be away from them." Tears filled Irene's eyes at the thought of being away from her children, perhaps never seeing them again.
"I will not raise Robert's Scottish brats," Richard announced.
Irene lost her temper. "I'm not asking ye to raise them, ye damn fool! I'm asking ye to let me return home to them." She softened her tone. "Please."
"I'm afraid not," Richard said. "It's late. I'd very much like to take you to my bed." He caressed Irene's cheek and she flinched and pulled away from him. "But you are not ready yet. I will not force you, Irene. Soon you will come willingly, but for now, you look like you need to rest. There is a pallet in the corner, which you may use. Your friend may remain with you for the time being." He turned towards the opening. "I must go make preparations to destroy the MacKenzie Clan."
"What of my horse thief?" Thomas questioned sharply.
Richard turned back to look at the other man, his eyes hard. "She is not yours yet, Thomas." He waved towards where Ashley lay unconscious on the ground. "At any rate she would be no good to you tonight, and your services are required elsewhere in helping to prepare for our attack."
Thomas eyed Ashley and looked severely disappointed at the prospect of waiting. Irene watched as he swept from the shelter with Sir Richard, grateful he took his stench with him.
*****
As soon as the men's footfalls had quieted, Irene rushed to Ashley side, falling to her knees beside the unconscious girl. Irene was about to check and see if Ashley was still breathing, when she surprised her by opening her eyes.
"My head hurts," Ashley moaned. "And my ears are ringing."
"I thought you'd lost consciousness!" Irene cried. "I thought he might have killed you."
Ashley shook her head minutely, and struggled to sit up. "After he hit me the second time, I thought it might be safer to pretend I'd been knocked out."
"I'm so sorry, Ashley. It's nae wonder yer in pain. I canna believe the way they're treating you! Come, lie on the pallet with me. Let's try to get some rest and recoup our strength a wee bit."
Irene helped Ashley onto her feet and did her best to make the badly beaten woman comfortable on the pallet, before pulling the blanket up over them both. "Cailin and Robert will come for us soon," she whispered hopefully, wrapping her arm around Ashley's waist to comfort her.
"I'm certain they will." Ashley shuddered. "I only hope they get here before Thomas gets a hold of me again."
"Shhh…" Irene whispered, her voice soothing. "Dinnae think on that now. Have hope."
"I have hope," Ashley agreed, "but I also have my Sgian Dubh tucked away in my boot."
"What are ye planning?" Irene asked worriedly.
"I won't let Thomas have me." Tears filled Ashley's eyes. "I can't let him touch me. If he tries to come near me, I'll use the Sgian Dubh to kill him."
"Foolish English men. Too stupid to remember we women of the MacKenzie clan would be armed." Irene offered Ashley an encouraging smile and gently stroked her bruised cheek. "We should rest now, Ashley. 'Twill be mornin' soon enough and we'll need all our strength."

THIRTY-THREE
The MacKenzie men rode on through the night. Thomas and his men hadn't bothered to hide their tracks, leading Robert to believe they were waiting for them somewhere up ahead. After hours of riding, Robert held up his hand to halt the men riding behind them. Cailin, Cormac and Dougall were riding in formation at his side. "I don't intend to ride into an ambush," Robert explained, when their horses had settled.
"Nay, yer right. I'll send Donall on ahead, to track them and locate their position. He's a better chance of going undetected than the lot of us," Cailin suggested.
"Aye, I agree," Robert said, dismounting from his warhorse. "Whilst me patience is in short supply, as is yours nae doubt, I dinnae want tae do anything rash which might threaten the women's safety. I hope to sneak up on them, Sir Richard and his men ken we are coming, but they have no way to ken how soon. For all they know, we may still be searching around Breaghacraig, they couldnae know we found William so swiftly. I want Irene and Ashley out of their encampment, before we attack. I dinnae want them in harm's way when we battle."
"Agreed," Cailin responded grimly. He dismounted and went in search of Donall, to give him orders to scout the surrounding area. Robert watched him stalk away, aware that Cailin was like a caged animal and would explode into a raging fury at any moment. The tension was running high amongst all his men, as they went about watering their horses and taking a few minutes to themselves whilst they waited for Donall to complete his scouting mission.
"Robert," Cailin announced when he returned, "I'm worried. William said that they'd hurt Ashley. What's to stop them from killing her?" Cailin had a wild look in his eyes and Robert knew he needed to find a way to calm his brother-in-law, before he did something rash.
"Aye. I ken how ye feel, brother, but 'twill do ye no good to think the worst, before we ken what's happened. I dinnae believe they'll kill her. Richard may be a foolish man, but he's nae stupid." He put a reassuring hand on Cailin's shoulder. "Calm yerself, brother. Ye'll need a level head when we get there."
*****
They didn't have to wait long for Donall's return, much to Cailin's relief, as he watched the man gallop swiftly into the area where they had stopped, his horse covered in a heavy sheen of sweat.
"They are closer than we expected," Donall reported. "They have a large encampment just two miles further north."
"Guards?" Robert snapped.
"It's still early, so not all Sir Richard's men are awake yet. Half a dozen watching the perimeter, and nae very well, ye ken. I was able to get verra close without them noticing I was there."
"Did you see Lady Irene and Lady Ashley?" Robert asked.
Donall shook his head. "Nae, Laird Robert, nae sign of them."
Armed with this information, Robert had his men encircle the camp and slowly, stealthily they crept as close as they possibly could, without being discovered.
Cailin, Robert, Cormac and Dougall huddled together in the cover created by the low bushes surrounding the camp and Cailin took stock of their surroundings. Sir Richard's men were preparing for the day and stumbled around, still half-asleep and apparently completely oblivious to their surroundings. Cailin thought this inefficiency would definitely work in their favor.
A commotion outside of the largest shelter caught Cailin's attention and much to his dismay, Ashley was at the center of it. Robert and Cormac had to hold Cailin down, to keep him from breaking their cover in his desperation to reach her. Cailin reluctantly remained hidden and watched as a great fat man grabbed Ashley by the arm, attempting to drag her to another shelter directly across from their hiding spot.
"Don't touch me," Ashley shrieked at the big man, but he merely laughed and continued to drag her across the ground.
"I said, don't touch me!" This time, Ashley swung around with her free arm and hit the big man solidly in the nose. This attracted the attention of the other men who were milling around the camp, and they laughed and cheered at the chaotic scene unfolding before them.
The big brute did nae take kindly to being made the fool by Ashley, and Cailin watched furiously when he lifted her off the ground, holding her easily as she kicked and screamed and called him some choice names.
Cailin struggled to escape from Robert and Cormac's grip, but Robert stopped him with a few quiet words.
"Patience, Cailin. Ashley is a fine brave lass. Look! She's creating the perfect distraction for us. Our men are creeping closer and no one in Sir Richard's camp is any the wiser. The lass is giving him a good fight and in turn, providing us a better chance."
Cailin grunted acknowledgement of Robert's words and continued to watch as Ashley was carried into the second shelter by the big man. The commotion continued, and he could hear Ashley shrieking and cursing, using some words Cailin had nae heard before. All eyes were focused on the shelter when Ashley shrieked. "Get out of here, you ass!" The overweight guard came bolting out of the tent, holding his head and with blood pouring from his nose.
"Cailin, I wouldnae make Ashley angry, if I were ye. I'd hate to see ye come to any lasting harm, and I believe Ashley may be capable of it," Cormac chuckled. Cailin merely glared at him.
"Cormac, you come with me," Robert ordered quietly. The big shelter must belong to Richard. Irene will be in there. We will signal our men to attack when we have rescued her and Cailin, you get Ashley."
"Dougall; ye'll come with me," Cailin ordered.
As Robert and Cormac wound their way through the trees towards Richard's shelter, Cailin was unhappy to see Thomas approach and enter the shelter Ashley had been taken into. He signaled Dougall, who acknowledged he was aware of the situation, and they swiftly began to move closer.
*****
"Ah, horse thief! I have taken your suggestion to heart and decided to bathe," Thomas announced as he entered his shelter.
"Thank goodness. Your stench precedes your arrival." Ashley wrinkled her nose in disgust, stepping away from him warily.
"You will be joining me."
"No. I don't think so. Not happening," Ashley was adamant, shaking her head.
"You have no choice. Come. Now." He withdrew his sword from the sheath and motioned it towards her.
"Where are we going?" Ashley asked nervously.
"There's a stream behind the encampment. A little chilly perhaps, but as you are so insistent I be clean before I have you, you'll be bathing me to ensure you are satisfied."
He grabbed Ashley by the arm and pulled her from the tent, forcing her through the woods.
How can I possibly get myself out of this one? Ashley thought worriedly, as she stumbled across the rough ground and felt the point of Thomas's sword against her arm.
They continued to walk through the trees in silence for a few minutes before the sounds of the water in the stream became audible. Thomas seemed confident there was no escape for Ashley, because he resheathed his sword and released Ashley's arm.
Ashley saw this as her only opportunity to escape and had to take the chance. She pretended to stumble over another root and as Thomas leaned forward to catch her she turned, kicked him in the shin and ran.
Unfortunately, Thomas caught her within seconds and threw her over his shoulder, smacking her bottom soundly as Ashley kicked and shrieked.
"And we were getting along so well," he chided. "Don't attempt to escape again, whore, or you will surely suffer the consequences. I find I grow tired of your nonsense."
"You surprise me, Thomas," Ashley stated coldly.
"How so?"
"Is this the way you treated your wife? It's not much wonder she killed herself," she goaded him, hoping to distract him.
Thomas aimed a punch at Ashley's side, making the breath whoosh out of her lungs as he carried her roughly. "You will not deter me this time, woman! I know exactly what you are doing. Speak of my wife again and you'll regret it, I assure you."
Ashley sobbed quietly, certain she was doomed.
*****
Thomas reached the stream and dumped Ashley onto the ground, before he started shrugging off his clothes.
"Undress," he commanded roughly.
Ashley was losing the last shreds of control she had held onto, until this very moment. She stood stock-still, utterly terrified, and shaking with fear. Thomas reached out and grabbed the front of her gown, tearing it down the center.
"You will do as you're told!" Thomas shouted furiously. "Take off your gown!"
Ashley backed away, clutching the torn front of her gown to her chest and found herself blocked from escaping by a huge tree. "Stay away from me! I'm warning you."
"Warning me?" Thomas laughed and eyed her coldly, before the laughter died in his throat. "Now take the gown off, you whore, or I'll do it for you."
Ashley's eyes flickered around her the surroundings, frantically searching for an escape route. It didn't look promising. She lifted the hem of her gown as though she was preparing to follow his orders and slipped her fingers into her boot, snatching up the Sgian Dubh. She pointed it in Thomas's direction.
"I said, no!"
Thomas's eyes fell on the Sgian Dubh, but he didn't seem perturbed by the fact that Ashley had a weapon. In fact, he laughed, but it was all Ashley had to defend herself, and she was determined she wasn't going to let him touch her, not ever again.
Thomas drew his sword and held it up in front of her, waving the tip menacingly in her direction. Against his weapon, the Sgian Dubh looked pathetically small. "You have a lot to learn if you are to serve me, whore." He eyed her cruelly. "Now, unless you want me to use that pitiful thing on your body when I take you, I suggest you drop the knife."
Ashley sobbed with terror. This was the moment she had tried so hard to avoid, but there seemed now to be no escape, nowhere she could seek safety. Thomas stepped towards her slowly, his intentions clearly written in his expression. She held the knife out in front of her body, pointed directly at him.
"Stay away from me," she whispered harshly. Her hands were shaking so badly, it was difficult to keep the knife steady. "I'll use this! I swear it!"
Thomas laughed again and opened his mouth to speak, but he fell forward abruptly, a knife protruding from his back when he hit the ground. Ashley watched his fall, in disbelief and shrieked in terror when she was wrapped in a pair of strong arms.
"Ashley, love," Cailin said in her ear, hugging her against him as she struggled to escape.
"Cailin? Cailin!" Ashley began to shake uncontrollably as she realized she was safe and she sobbed, letting the tears she'd been struggling to hold back flow freely. She nestled against his familiar chest, finally safe.
"Cailin, we must go," Dougall announced, wrapping his hooded cloak around Ashley's shoulders. Ashley offered him a weak smile of gratitude as she gripped the cloak around her body, to cover the torn gown.
"Come, love. We still have much to do if we wish to get away from here safely. Stay with me, and do as I say." His gray eyes were serious as he stared down at her. "Do ye ken? 'Tis important."
Ashley nodded, too frightened to speak.
Cailin led the way, gripping Ashley in one hand, and his sword in the other, and Dougall followed closely behind Ashley.
As they approached the encampment, the noise of metal clanging again metal, and men yelling and shouting was deafening. They arrived in the clearing to discover Robert was engaged in a heated battle with Sir Richard. Cormac, who had hold of Irene, was fending off another attacker. It seemed their plan to get the women to safety before the attack had failed.
Cailin and Dougall rushed into the fray, keeping Ashley securely sandwiched between them. They hacked and slashed through man after man as they fought towards the center of the battle. Ashley's instincts screamed at her to run, to escape from this horror, but Cailin had told her to stick close to him and for once in her life she was going to do what she'd been told.
They reached Cormac and the men formed a ring of protection around the two women and fought off attacker after attacker. No one managed to breach the protective circle they had created around the women.
The nearest Ashley had come to anything like this was watching Dax play video games with his friends - and that was far removed from the horrific sights of blood and gore she was surrounded by now. Ashley desperately wanted to shut her eyes, but she needed to be aware of her surroundings and ensure Cailin was safe. She tried not to look at those who were falling around them, but it was impossible to keep her gaze from straying to their battered and bloodied bodies. It seemed to last for hours, but eventually, the battle began to slow and it grew quiet, with the only exception being the moans of the wounded and those near death.
Ashley watched as Robert ran to Irene, worry filling his eyes. "Are ye alright, me love?" he asked, taking his wife in his arms and cradling her to his chest.
"Aye. They didnae harm me. Ashley was the one they kept hurtin'," Irene sobbed.
Ashley was crouched on the ground, covering her tear-drenched face with her hands and struggling to regain control over her shattered emotions.
"Ashley, love, I'm so sorry." Cailin lifted her into his arms, holding her close to his chest. "'Tis my fault. I should never have let ye out of me sight."
"No! This is not your fault. Richard and Thomas are to blame for all of this! Not you, Cailin, not any of you," Ashley yelled hysterically.
"Thomas cannae hurt ye again, lass," Dougall said quietly. "He's dead and hopefully he'll be rotting in hell, as he deserves no less for what he's done."
"What of Sir Richard?" Irene wondered aloud.
"I'm sorry to say he got away, but nae without being wounded. I'll send some of the men after him. He shouldnae be able to get far in his condition," Robert announced grimly.
"Come, let's go home to Breaghacraig," Cailin said. "Ashley, can ye ride, love?"
"I'm okay. I want to get away from here," she agreed shakily.
They joined up with the rest of the men, and Ashley was happy to learn that there had been no loss of life on their part and only a few of the men had suffered minor cuts and bruises. It was truly amazing, considering the intensity of the fighting. Robert ordered some of their men to remain behind and bury the dead.
Cailin mounted his horse and Dougall carefully lifted Ashley up behind him, being as gentle as he could to avoid hurting Ashley any more. She settled behind Cailin and wrapped her arms tightly around his waist. Ashley rested her face against Cailin's back and felt more secure.
They were about to head off, when a loud war cry erupted from nearby and Ashley turned in the direction it came from, her eyes wide.
A group of Sir Richard's men galloped towards them, sitting atop their warhorses. They were led by Roger, barreling directly towards Cailin's horse, with their swords drawn and ready for battle.
With a frustrated roar, Cailin engaged them and Ashley clung to his back, utterly terrified. From the corner of her eyes, Ashley watched Cormac and Dougall enter the fray, while Robert, who had been further away, deposited Irene with one of his men before joining them.
Ashley drew her knife from her boot and held it tightly in one fist. She would use it, if she had to, to protect Cailin. The muscles in Cailin's back and stomach worked furiously beneath her fingers as he wielded his sword in a high arc above his head and brought it down, hitting Roger's thigh. Blood sprayed over them and what should have been a mortal wound, seemed only to serve in making Roger even angrier and more determined in his efforts to kill them.
Sir Richard's other men were being picked off one by one, by Cormac, Dougall and Robert. There had been about a dozen to begin with, and that number had dwindled to half already.
Roger, despite his weight and girth, was an extremely strong man and he used his horse to crowd them, the horse baring its teeth and pinning its ears back, its nostrils flared with the scent of blood in the air.
Ashley did her best to hold on, but every time Roger swung his sword, she had to jerk out of the way. It seemed Roger was deliberately aiming his blows at Ashley and although Cailin was doing his utmost to keep her from harm's way, she was losing her grip on his sweat-soaked shirt.
Roger brought his sword down in another hacking blow and Ashley found she had nowhere to go. She lost her grip on Cailin and was sliding backwards off his horse, when Roger's sword sliced into her arm and she fell to the ground, slamming the back of her head on the dirt.
*****
Cailin was incensed when he felt Ashley fall and he spurred his horse forward into Roger's, to avoid trampling Ashley. A quick glance confirmed she was lying prone on the ground, motionless and Cailin's heart lurched in his chest. He was relieved when he saw Dougall leap from his horse and drag her out of the way to safety.
The big man was surrounded by the MacKenzies and still he continued to fight. Metal clanged against metal, sparks flying in the early morning light. Cailin's arms were tiring, but he needed to finish this and check on Ashley. Finding the strength he required, he focused his energy and waited for the moment when Roger raised his sword above his head obviously intending to slice Cailin in two. This left Cailin a split second of opportunity to drive his sword into his opponent's chest, killing him instantly. Roger toppled from his horse and was dead before he hit the ground.
Cailin vaulted to the ground and sprinted to Ashley's side. "Ashley," he cried. He assessed her wounds quickly, trying to ascertain which were the most threatening. She had a nasty slice in her right arm, which was bleeding heavily and the bone appeared to be broken as well. She was drifting in and out of consciousness, barely aware of his presence and moaning through the pain. Irene hurried to Cailin's side and tore some cloth from the hem of her gown, which she tied around Ashley's arm to reduce the flow of blood.
"Cailin, this is nae good. She needs help and quickly," Irene said urgently.
"We're close to the bridge where I first found her," Cailin said, glancing around the surrounding area. "I should try to take her back to her own time. She's told me of their medicine and their ability to treat people's injuries. It's better than what we have tae offer her here."
"Let's go then," Robert announced, overhearing the conversation. "Cailin, mount yer horse and we'll hand Ashley up to ye."
Cailin did as Robert instructed and then with a nudge of his knees, he signaled his horse to bow down, making it easier for Cormac and Robert to settle Ashley gently into his arms. He did all he could to refrain from jostling her as he headed towards the bridge, which suddenly seemed to appear out of nowhere. The rest of the men and Irene followed him in a silent procession. As they approached the bridge, they noticed the thick fog hanging before it, like a heavy curtain. They came to a stop and the fog parted just enough, for Cailin to see a little, blue haired woman who standing on the bridge. She looked a great deal like Lena.
"My name is Edna Campbell. I'm Arlena's mother," she called.
The members of the MacKenzie clan were stunned into silence and watched as the strange woman walked a bit closer, being careful not to cross into the fog.
"Ashley has told us of ye, m'lady," Cailin yelled back.
"Listen carefully! Young man, you must bring Ashley across the bridge to my side. The rest of you, must wait there for him to return. This is extremely important; the fog only works if there is someone waiting for you on the other side."
Cailin glanced back at his family and friends.
"Go," Robert urged him. "We'll be waitin' here for ye. We'll stay for as long as we possibly can."
Cailin let his gaze rest on each of them in turn, and hoped he wasn't seeing them for the last time.
"I will see ye again," he announced, with a lot more confidence than he felt. He rode slowly across the bridge.
*****
Cailin and his horse, Ashley, Edna Campbell; even the mist itself vanished, leaving the MacKenzie clan staring after them in disbelief.

THIRTY-FOUR
Mrs. Campbell led the way to The Thistle and Hive and Cailin followed along beside her, keeping his horse at a slow, steady walk. Both he and Cadeyrn were being spooked by the sights and sounds that assaulted them from every direction as they left the path and made their way down the main road of Glendaloch. Edna spoke soothingly to Cadeyrn when they were passed by an occasional car and she noticed how Cailin tried to keep his own eyes from falling out of his head.
"What is yer name, lad?" she asked, after a few minutes of their slow-paced walk.
"Cailin MacBayne, m'lady."
"Cailin, please call me Edna. There'll be no m'ladies here."
He nodded in acknowledgment. "Aye, Edna."
Those people who happened to be outside in Glendaloch didn't seem to think it odd for a highland warrior, to be riding down the middle of the street on horseback. Edna was pleased to see they didn't even seem to notice them.
"This is us, right here," Edna announced, motioning towards the door of the inn.
Cailin guided Cadeyrn into another low bow, just as Angus rushed outside and made his way to Cailin's side, taking Ashley gently into his arms from a suspicious Cailin who frowned at Angus and seemed unwilling to release his grip.
"Angus Campbell," Angus said, by way of introducing himself. Edna saw him offer Cailin a reassuring smile. "Edna's husband."
"Cailin MacBayne. Thank ye for yer help." Cailin dismounted and took Ashley back from Angus as soon as he could.
"Cailin please go inside with Angus," Edna suggested. "I'll ensure your horse is well taken care of."
Edna watched as they entered the inn, and saw Teddy nervously peeking around the corner.
"He's gone, Teddy. Never fear, we'll explain it all to Cailin later. Dinnae worry." She motioned towards the huge horse, holding the reins towards Teddy. "Take the horse along to Mrs. MacDougall. She has room for him in her barn, and then you should stay away from the inn for a wee while, until I get this all straightened out. Perhaps you could bathe the horse, and see to it he gets a bucket of warm mash. He's had a trying day."
Teddy nodded anxiously and started down the street with the massive warhorse in tow.
*****
Edna bustled through the door just as Cailin and Angus were headed upstairs.
"Angus, show Cailin to Ashley's room and try to make her comfortable. I'll call Dr. Donaldson and ask him to come right away."
Angus led Cailin to the end of the hall where he opened the door to a chamber. Cailin watched him curiously, as he pulled the coverings down and motioned for Cailin to set her down.
"Poor lass." Angus said worriedly. Dinnae you worry, lad. We'll have her better in no time."
Cailin gently removed Ashley's boots and then covered her with the strange bed coverings. They weren't furs, and seemed more like the plaids he and the clan wore, but the material was thicker. Cailin kept one hand always in contact with Ashley, afraid that if he let go, he might suddenly find himself returned to the other side of the bridge without her. He sat beside her on the bed and took a good look around for the first time. The Campbell's must be wealthy folk indeed, to have such fine furnishings in their wee castle. There were no candles to be seen in the chamber and yet it was brightly lit from outside. The windows held big panes of glass and were covered with fine curtains.
The door was opened and Edna came bustling into the room. She immediately went to Ashley's side.
"Ashley, dear, can you hear me?" she asked worriedly. "Ashley?"
"She has drifted in and out since she fell from my horse during the battle."
"Ashley? It's me - Edna. I'm so sorry. I was selfish when I set you up to cross the bridge. I wanted you to find Arlena so badly. I honestly didn't know you might be harmed." Edna gripped Ashley's fingers in her own. "You must believe me. If I had known, I would never have thought about sending you." Tears coursed down Edna's cheeks and Angus pulled her into his embrace.
"Edna, I don't blame you," Ashley croaked weakly as she opened her eyes. "Without you, I wouldn't have met Cailin."
"She needs some water," Cailin said.
Angus poured a glass of water from the pitcher by the bed, handing it to Cailin.
Cailin lifted Ashley's head and tipped the glass to her lips. "Here, love, drink a little." Ashley managed a couple of sips, and moaned softly as he laid her head back against the pillow.
"The doctor's on his way, he should be here any minute." Edna wrung her hands together nervously. Angus handed her a wet cloth, which she used to wipe the dirt gently away from Ashley's face.
There was another knock at the door and Angus opened it to reveal yet another strange man. Cailin tensed, reaching for his sword and prepared to protect Ashley if need be.
To his relief, Edna was relaxed as she greeted the stranger. "Come in, doctor. Thank you for coming so quickly."
Dr. Donaldson glanced down at Ashley, and frowned when he saw the bruising and swelling around her face and neck. "Tell me what's happened."
Edna nodded to Cailin. "It's alright, Cailin. You can tell him everything, Dr. Donaldson knows about the bridge and the fog which leads to your time," Edna assured him.
Cailin told Dr. Donaldson about Ashley's kidnapping, the rescue from Sir Richard's encampment, the final battle and Ashley's fall from Cadeyrn after she'd been hit by the sword.
Edna gasped, covering her face with her hands as she listened in horror to Cailin's story.
"Edna, I'll need some help here. Angus you can leave for now," Dr. Donaldson announced brusquely. He turned to Cailin and studied him for a moment. "Young man, you should get yourself cleaned up. A hot shower will do you a world of good. Edna, I'll need some warm water, towels and if you could find a clean nightgown for the lass, we can dress her in it when I've checked her injuries. I'll also need some scissors to cut the remains of this dress off so we don't injure her any further."
Edna nodded and walked over to Cailin, placing her hand on his shoulder. "Yes, Dr. Donaldson. Cailin, I promise you, Ashley is in good hands with Dr. Donaldson. Come. Let me show you how things work in the bathroom."
Cailin let go of Ashley reluctantly and followed Edna through a small door on the other side of Ashley's chamber. He watched Edna touch a thin box on the wall and to his amazement, the room lit up brighter than he could have imagined was possible. Edna caught him staring at the box in amazement.
"This is a light switch. It turns the lights on and off," she explained, showing him how it worked. "Don't touch it when your hands are wet, you'll get a nasty shock." She must have realized he had no idea what she was speaking of, because she smiled and explained further. "If you touch the switch when your hands are wet, you'll be hit with electricity and it would be very painful."
Her motherly concern touched him, even though he'd never heard of this 'electricity'. Edna pointed out the other fixtures in the room and explained what they were used for, much to his amazement. "And this is the shower. These knobs turn the water on and off and adjust the temperature." She demonstrated for him as he examined everything silently. "Here is some soap to wash yourself with, and shampoo and conditioner."
Cailin frowned, studying the bottles she pointed out. He had nae idea what she was talking of. "Shampoo?"
"Yes, it's for washing your hair." Edna explained the process and he nodded his understanding, marveling at the inventions of this century.
Edna produced a pile of fluffy white towels. "To dry with," she announced, "when you're finished. Take your time. Cleanliness is very important, when you're with people who are sick or have been injured. It reduces the risk of infection."
"Thank ye, Edna," Cailin said politely.
"I'll find you a clean plaid as well." With that, Edna left him alone in the strange chamber, where he continued examining everything - turning the lights off and on, the water off and on, and flushing the toilet repeatedly. He watched as the water swirled down through the strange item and thought what a wondrous thing it would be, to have this at Breaghacraig.
He turned the shower on once more and the hot water began to fill the room with steam. He dropped his shirt and plaid onto the floor, opened the glass door, and cautiously stepped inside.
He thought he had died and gone to heaven. The hot water felt amazing on his body, so wonderful that he merely stood and let it flow over him for quite a while. The soap was different from what he was used to and it had an unusual, but most pleasant scent.
Next, he tried the shampoo, squeezing some onto the palm of his hand, as Edna had explained. He rubbed it through his long hair, discovering he liked it. Much easier than the soap, which he usually used to clean his hair. It smelled flowery, but he couldnae recognize the scent. It certainly made a generous amount of suds. He rinsed his hair and then turned off the water, regretful of leaving this magical chamber, but eager to get back to Ashley. He discovered the towels were thick and soft and he wrapped one around his waist before peeking into Ashley's chamber. Dr. Donaldson was packing items into a satchel of some description and talking to Edna, who glanced up and noticed Cailin's appearance.
"I hope you won't mind wearing a Campbell plaid, Cailin, it's all I have. I'll get yours cleaned and back to you as soon as possible." Cailin was embarrassed when Edna gave him an appreciative once over, before handing him the folded plaid. "I'm not sure if the shirt will fit you, I think it's going to be a bit small. Try this t-shirt instead."
Cailin took the clothing and thanked her.
"We're going to take Ashley to the emergency room at the hospital a few towns over so they can set her arm." Dr. Donaldson explained. "An ambulance will arrive shortly, so you'd best get dressed quickly if you want to go with her."
"Aye. Will Ashley be alright, then?" he asked worriedly, glancing at her still form.
"She'll be fine. I stitched up the sword wound in her arm. Fortunately, it didn't do any major damage. She has a wee bit of a concussion, from a blow to her head. The cuts and bruising will disappear in a week or so and the only other real issue is the broken bone in her arm. We'll have that x-rayed at the hospital and put it into a cast, and she'll be back to normal in no time," Dr. Donaldson said.
Cailin breathed a sigh of relief and moved to stand beside Ashley, who had her eyes closed and seemed unaware of his presence.
"She's asleep, lad. She's been through a great deal and she's mentally and physically exhausted. I've given her some medication for the pain, so she'll sleep for a while. Now, go and get dressed so you can travel with her to the E.R."
Cailin did as he was told, but he had no idea what an E.R. was or how they were going to travel there. Would they travel on horseback? Or was he expected to get into one of those horrifying boxes on wheels, which he'd seen travelling at such speed on the hard path outside? He was about to ask Dr. Donaldson, when he heard a horrifying sound which grew louder by the second. He searched frantically for the source as the noise got closer and thankfully, it suddenly stopped.
"What was that?" Cailin asked.
"Don't worry yourself, lad. It's just the ambulance come to get Ashley," Edna explained.
Cailin watched Edna open the chamber door to two men who entered wearing strange, matching clothing. They talked with the doctor for a few minutes and then brought a strange, narrow bed on wheels into the room. They carefully placed Ashley on this narrow bed and covered her with another of the thick plaids. Cailin hovered close by, prepared to pummel anyone who might hurt Ashley. The men pushed Ashley carefully through the chamber door and Edna pulled Cailin aside before he could follow.
"Cailin, you can ride with me, if you'd like," she suggested.
"Can I nae go with Ashley?" he demanded.
"Yes, of course, but if anyone asks you any questions, you can't tell them what really happened," Edna warned. "The bridge and the fog are a secret to most people. Only a few of us know about it."
"What should I say?" Cailin asked, worried about what would happen if he made a mistake.
"Be vague," Edna suggested. Cailin stared at her in puzzlement and she continued with a sigh. "If anybody asks what happened, tell them she was attacked by a stranger while you were on a camping trip. You saved her, but the culprit got away." Edna patted his arm reassuringly. "Don't worry. I'll be right behind you in my car. I'll get to you as quickly as I can, so I can deal with any questions."
Edna led Cailin down the stairs and outside to the ambulance. The two men had just finished loading Ashley into the back. Cailin tried his best not to look terrified at travelling in this strange rolling beast.
Edna gave him a shove. "Get in with her, Cailin," Edna ordered. "I'll be right behind you."

THIRTY-FIVE
Cailin got situated by Ashley's side, and placed his hand on her leg, which seemed the only part of her body not attached to some strange items he'd never seen before. Some had numbers written upon them, which changed constantly before his eyes, and strange small flashing balls of red and green light, similar to the amazing candle which lit Edna's bathing chamber, but tiny and round. Others beeped continuously, creating an unholy din that hurt his ears.
The doors to the ambulance were slammed shut and the ambulance jerked forward, startling Cailin. He wished Ashley were awake to explain it all to him. The man who had remained with them when the doors were shut gave him a curious look and Cailin did his best to act as if he rode in the back of these strange moving wagons all the time. He had the uneasy sensation that they were covering the ground at a verra fast speed. After a few minutes, Cailin's initial apprehension died down, and as he relaxed he began to enjoy the speed at which they were travelling. He peered through the panes of glass and saw Edna travelling behind them in a much smaller wagon. She was clutching some kind of wheel in her hands. Cailin guessed that the wheel Edna held somehow steered the wagon she travelled in. He wanted to examine it more closely and hoped Edna would allow him to do so when Ashley was well.
They came to a stop and the doors were pulled open. Cailin watched in amazement as the two men pulled Ashley from the horseless wagon. He saw the strange metal legs unfold from beneath the bed, the wheels allowing the men to push the narrow bed along again. Cailin was piling up questions he'd have to ask Ashley when she awoke, about the strange world he found himself in.
They went inside a very large building with large panes of glass, which magically slid open as they approached. Cailin tried to see who had opened them, but there was no one near them. A number of women stopped what they were doing to stare appreciatively at Cailin, who nodded in their direction, but remained focused on Ashley.
"This must be Ashley Moore." A woman approached holding a board in her hand and wearing odd clothing and a strange item around her neck.
"Aye, 'tis Ashley," Cailin answered.
"Dr. Donaldson phoned ahead with the details. We're going to take her straight to x-ray." The woman motioned to the two men pushing Ashley's narrow wheeled bed and they started down a long hallway.
"Can I nae go with her?" Cailin asked, apprehensive at the number of strange and frightening things that surrounded him in this large chamber. He didnae understand any of it and marveled at how well Ashley had adapted to Breaghacraig and his time. He wasn't sure he could do the same thing here in her world.
"I'm afraid not." The woman pointed towards a row of chairs, filled with a variety of people in strange clothing. "You can wait over there. We'll call you when she's done."
He didn't feel like sitting down, so he leaned against the wall and waited impatiently for Edna to arrive.
"Cailin," Edna called when she came through the sliding panes of glass. "There you are, dear."
"The lady told me to wait here."
"Did they take Ashley to x-ray?"
"Aye," Cailin nodded, but he was confused. "What is x-ray, Edna?"
"It's a way for the doctor to see the bones in Ashley's arm."
Cailin was horrified. "How do they do it?"
"Well, I'm not sure of the particulars, but there's a machine, it takes a picture of her arm and then the doctor can see what's going on beneath the skin." Edna glanced at him and offered him a reassuring smile. "This isn't making any sense, is it?"
Cailin brushed his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Nay, Edna. I'm verra worried for Ashley. I want to be with her, so she willnae be afraid."
"Don't worry, dear." She put her hand on his arm and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "They'll take good care of Ashley and you'll see her very soon."
They waited in companionable silence. Edna settled into a chair and Cailin could feel her eyes on him, as he paced back and forth. After what seemed an eternity, the woman came back and called to them. "You're here for Ashley Moore?"
Edna jumped up from the chair and hurried over to the woman, and Cailin stopped his pacing to follow her.
"Come with me," the woman said.
They followed her through a door and down another long corridor. Cailin's head was swiveling around constantly, as he looked left and right trying to take in everything he was seeing. Each chamber they passed had an occupied bed or two, with more people sitting beside them. There were a number of men and women wearing long white capes of some description, walking up and down the hallway and entering the rooms.
"What has happened here, Edna?" Cailin queried.
"What do you mean, dear?"
"Was there some great battle? There are so many people in here."
"Oh, no, Cailin. These people are all feeling unwell, or have injured themselves in some way," Edna explained in a low voice. "This is an Emergency Room. It's where people come, when they are very sick or they've had an accident."
"Ashley told me of such a place when I was injured, but she didnae call it an Emergency Room."
"Perhaps she called it a hospital," Edna offered.
"Aye," Cailin nodded. "That's it." He continued to turn from side to side, taking in the amazing sights and sounds of the twenty first century.
*****
Ashley was somewhat groggy from the pain meds, but overall, she was much better. The medical staff had been wonderful. They'd set her arm and explained the cast needed to stay on for six weeks, so the bone would heal properly. Ashley didn't care how long it took; she was relieved to be alive after her ordeal. She gazed out the window at the growing darkness and was amazed by the constant noise she could hear coming from the street. It was so incredibly noisy, after the peace of Breaghacraig.
"You've got some visitors, Miss," the nurse announced when she ushered Edna and Cailin into the room.
Ashley's eyes locked onto Cailin, who looked adorably out of place in his t-shirt and kilt. She offered him a joyful smile, thrilled to see him again.
He crossed the room in two long strides, but stopped short at her bedside, looking confused as to what to do next. He hovered for a moment, and then he leaned in and tenderly kissed the top of her head. He lifted her chin with his fingers and looked lovingly into her eyes.
"Mo chuisle," he murmured. His gaze lowered to her arm in the plaster cast and he frowned.
"Don't worry," Ashley hurried to reassure him. "I'm fine. I have to wear this cast until my arm heals, but other than that, I'm good to go."
"Let us go then," Cailin said firmly.
"I have to wait until the doctor signs the discharge papers and I guess I have to speak with a police constable about what happened. As soon as I'm done with that, we can go."
Cailin breathed a sigh of relief and turned towards Edna. He motioned to a chair beside the bed. "Come, sit, Edna. Ye look quite tired."
Edna took the seat. "Thank you, dear. I was so worried. That's all." Edna glanced around to make sure no one could hear her and said, "We all need to get our story straight, so the police won't suspect anything out of the ordinary when they come to speak to you, Ashley."
They quietly discussed the details while they waited.
The doctor arrived first and gave them Ashley's discharge instructions. "Pain meds as needed and see Dr. Donaldson for the removal of the cast."
"Thank you, doctor. I truly appreciate your help," Ashley said.
"It was my pleasure, Miss Moore. Try to stay out of harm's way in the future. I'd rather not see you in here again." He gave Cailin a disapproving glare as he left.
Cailin looked puzzled as he turned to Ashley, worry in his gray eyes. "Why did he look at me that way? Does he think I did this to ye?"
Before Ashley could respond, she heard the doctor out in the hallway. "Ah, Senior Constable Douglas, Miss Moore is right in here."
"Thank you, doctor." A police constable entered the room and gave all three of them an appraising look before introducing himself and taking their names. "I'd like to speak with Miss Moore alone, please," he announced briskly.
"Of course, Senior Constable. Come along Cailin." Edna took Cailin's arm and headed out into the hall to wait, offering Ashley an anxious smile as she dragged Cailin along behind her.
When the door closed, Senior Constable Douglas stood at the end of the bed and glanced down at his notebook. "So, Miss Moore, tell me how you came to arrive at the Emergency Room in this condition." His gaze lingered over the cuts and bruises on Ashley's face. "Did your boyfriend have anything to do with this?" he asked, watching her closely when she answered.
"Of course not," Ashley replied, irritated that anyone could think Cailin was capable of hurting her.
"Are you sure? You needn't be afraid to talk to me. I understand you may be wary of the repercussions of admitting if it was him, but rest assured, we will protect you."
"I just told you, Cailin didn't do this! I'm not lying and I'm not afraid of him."
"Well, then perhaps you can tell me exactly how this occurred." He waved his hand in the direction of her bruised and battered face and throat.
"Cailin and I were camping. We had hiked out from The Thistle and Hive hotel, where we've been staying with Edna Campbell. Apparently, we were followed by two men and when Cailin went to gather firewood for our campsite, they grabbed me and dragged me off with them. I tried to fight back as best I could, but there were two of them against one. That's where I got all these cuts and bruises."
"What about the marks on your throat?" Douglas eyed her suspiciously, as if he didn't believe a word she'd spoken.
"As I said, I was trying to fight them and one of them got really angry. He tried to choke me." Tears filled her eyes at the very real memory of Roger's attempt at choking her. "I thought I was going to die," she whispered.
Douglas wrote some notes. "What happened next?"
"That's when Cailin found us. The big guy let me go and Cailin fought them both off. I tried to help him, and in the process, my arm was sliced open and I got thrown to the ground and hit my head. I must have broken my arm in the fall. I think I passed out then, because the next thing I recall, I was back at The Thistle and Hive."
"Can you describe your assailants?"
Ashley described Thomas and Roger to him in great detail. Both men were dead back in the sixteenth century, but Douglas no doubt was determined to solve this crime and she'd rather send him on a wild goose chase, than have the police focus on Cailin as a suspect.
*****
Outside Ashley's room, Cailin and Edna were answering the very same questions for another police constable, when Senior Constable Douglas joined them.
He focused his attention on Cailin. "Suppose you tell us what really happened, lad," he said.
Cailin bristled at the implication. "What do ye mean? I just told this man exactly what happened."
"I think you understand my meaning. Why would you want to hurt such a lovely lass as that?"
"I wouldnae." Cailin's anger grew at their assumption that he had been the one to cause Ashley's injuries. "I love Ashley and I wouldnae do anythin' to harm her," he growled.
"It seems you have quite a temper there, young man," Douglas provoked.
Edna put a cautious hand on Cailin's arm, silently warning him to remain calm. "Senior Constable, I can vouch for Cailin MacBayne. He is a kind and caring young man, who loves that girl verra much. It is certainly not in his character to harm any woman, least of all Ashley. I am appalled that you would suggest he is to blame."
Douglas turned to Edna, lifting an eyebrow. "Thank you, Mrs. Campbell. I'm sure you know that in most of these cases, we have to eliminate family and friends from our list of suspects first. We can't be too careful." He gave Cailin another ugly look. "Naturally, we'll be doing our best to find these two fellows you say attacked Miss Moore, but we'll no doubt have more questions for you. Don't leave the area. We'll be in touch."
"I dinnae like that man," Cailin whispered to Edna as they watched the two police constables stride down the hallway.
"I think the feeling is mutual, dear." She squeezed his hand. "Let's go get our Ashley and be on our way, shall we?"

THIRTY-SIX
The drive back to the inn was filled with Cailin's questions, as he tried to figure out exactly how the car worked and what Edna was doing to make it go. Ashley sat in the back with a huge grin plastered on her face. Cailin had wanted to sit beside her, but she encouraged him to sit up front with Edna, knowing he would be fascinated by the process of driving. Edna patiently explained the accelerator, the brakes, the turn signal, the horn, and the windshield wipers. The car seemed much too small for Cailin's large frame, but he appeared to be quite comfortable. Ashley giggled hysterically each time he threw his hands onto the dashboard as they came up behind another car, or when headlights came towards them.
"I dinnae think Cadeyrn can go this fast, even if I give him his head," he said in amazement.
"You're right about that, Cailin, and I'm not even driving at the fastest speed a car can go," Edna said with a smile.
Cailin's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Ye can go faster?"
"Yes, I can, but there are laws against it. I must obey the speed limit, so I can't show you, I'm afraid."
Ashley giggled again, at the disappointment in Cailin's expression. "Are you enjoying the twenty-first century, Cailin?" she asked.
"Aye, love, this a wondrous time." He was gazing out of the window, staring in fascination at the lights and the buildings as they passed. "Why would ye leave this, Ashley?" he asked, suddenly becoming quite serious.
"I think you know why," she smiled.
"Aye, but tell me, what will ye miss most when we return?"
Ashley thought carefully for a moment. "Hmmm. I'll miss indoor plumbing and a hot shower, that's for sure."
"I've seen yer indoor plumbing and hot shower and I ken why ye'd miss them. I'll miss them, as well, and I've only used the bathing chamber once. What are the other things you'll miss?"
"Hmmm. Let's see." Ashley thought some more. "I'll miss chocolate, coffee, pizza and my friend, Jen." Ashley grinned. "Edna, can we let Cailin experience my favorite food and drink?"
"Of course," Edna agreed immediately.
"Unfortunately, you won't get to meet Jen. She's my best friend, but she's in the United States. We've been friends ever since we were little girls."
"I'm sorry ye'll nae see her again, love."
"It's okay. I'll miss her terribly," Ashley admitted, "but I'd miss you so much more."
He reached back and took her hand, kissing her fingertips.
"I am going to call Jen though, before we go back to Breaghacraig," Ashley said wistfully. "To say goodbye."
*****
When they reached the inn, Ashley and Cailin retired to Ashley's chamber. She was still a bit drowsy from the pain relief, but did her best to stay awake for him and answer his questions.
Edna sent food upstairs for them; burgers and fries, with a beer for Cailin and a soda for Ashley, along with her much loved pizza.
Cailin enjoyed the meal very much, he was starving after their long day, and his long night of searching for Ashley and Irene. He'd snatched a bite to eat here and there, but it had been minimal.
Ashley had to explain the different food items to him, but once Cailin had figured out what everything was, he finished all that was on his plate and, the rest of Ashley's when she announced she was full. They shared a piece of molten chocolate cake for dessert and Cailin understood exactly why Ashley would miss the delicacy and wondered again why she would leave all this behind to return to Breaghacraig with him.
After their meal, Cailin helped Ashley prepare for bed. He could see that she was exhausted from the excitement of the day. He tried to be as gentle as he could, but was alarmed when he saw tears in her eyes after he settled her in bed. "Did I hurt ye, love?" he asked, concern written all over his face.
"No," she sniffled. "I'm just so happy you're here with me. These are happy tears." Cailin cocked his head, uncertain if she was telling the truth, but Ashley rushed to reassure him. "Really, Cailin. I'm telling you the truth."
He accepted her word. "I want to hold ye close to me tonight, but it might be better if I sleep on the floor, love. I have no wish to harm ye."
Ashley shook her head firmly. "Don't be silly. I want you here, beside me. We'll figure it out, I'm sure. I know you won't deliberately hurt me."
With a happy grin, Cailin removed his t-shirt, pulling it over his head and dropping it to the floor. When he glanced at Ashley, she was appraising him with lust in her amber eyes. With a wicked smile, he removed the plaid and watched her eyes wander south before a smile lit up her face. Cailin chuckled as he climbed into bed beside her. "Don't be lookin' at me with those eyes. I won't be responsible for what might happen."
"I would love for something to happen," she teased huskily.
"Ye are surely a vixen, my love, and if ye didnae have a broken arm, stitches and bruises covering ye from head to toe, I'd be happy to make your wish come true, but nae tonight." He kissed her nose and laid one hand possessively on her stomach. Ashley fell asleep within minutes and Cailin lay there for a very long time watching her, grateful she would be returning to full health soon.
*****
The next morning, Edna was knocking at their door bright and early, with a tray full of goodies and a large pot of coffee. Edna was enjoying the chance to expose her time-travelling guest to life in modern Scotland. She made sure to bring him an assortment of foods he'd never have had before, along with some, she thought he might find more familiar. There was bacon, eggs, scones, lemon curd, butter, hash brown potatoes, and pancakes with maple syrup. She'd also supplied cream and sugar for the coffee. She set the tray on the table and turned a brilliant smile on her two guests.
Cailin had quickly donned his plaid when Edna knocked and he stood watching with undisguised interest as she placed the food onto the table.
"Good morning, you two. I hope you slept well."
"Aye, we did." Cailin turned towards Ashley who was slowly sitting up in bed, yawning and rubbing her eyes sleepily. Edna watched as he went to her side, bringing the robe from the foot of the bed. He helped Ashley get up and into the robe, before he carefully led her to the table.
"Thank you, Edna. Everything looks wonderful." Ashley sat at the table and looked up contentedly at Edna and Cailin.
"Please, sit Cailin," Edna said.
He did as she requested and Edna served them both a little bit of everything. She desperately wanted to see the look on Cailin's face when he tried the coffee for the first time, so she poured him a cup before she left.
"What do you think, Ashley? Do you think Cailin will like his coffee with cream and sugar, or would he prefer it black?"
"Cream and sugar. That's how I like it, and I think he will too," Ashley said firmly.
Cailin took a sip from the cup Edna handed him and a crooked grin spread across his handsome face. Edna was very pleased with his response to the drink.
"So, this is the coffee ye will miss when we return to Breaghacraig?"
"Mmmhmm," Ashley responded around a mouthful of pancakes. "This is delicious, Edna. You shouldn't have gone to so much trouble."
"It was no trouble at all. How do you feel this morning?" Edna questioned.
Ashley dipped a forkful of pancakes through the maple syrup. "Quite well, considering."
"Would you like me to get you the pain medication?" Edna asked.
"No, but thank you. I'm not a medication kinda girl. I'll save them for if I really need them, but for now the pain is tolerable."
"I'm so happy you're going to be okay," Edna said and the relief she felt was tangible. Edna had been truly horrified by Ashley being injured in medieval Scotland, and regretted her part in it.
Ashley reached out and grabbed Edna's hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. "No worries, Edna, as I told you, if you hadn't helped me get to Breaghacraig, I would never have met Cailin."
"Well, I'll leave you two alone to enjoy the rest of your breakfast. Do you think you could come downstairs after you eat? I'd like to explain some things to you."
"Of course," Ashley agreed with a smile. "We'll be down in a little while."
*****
Breakfast was a fun and delicious experience for Cailin. He gobbled down most of the food, and judging by the happy grin on her face, that was fine with Ashley.
"The food, 'tis verra good, much better than the morning parritch at Breaghacraig. And this coffee is like nothing I've ever tasted before," Cailin announced, holding up his second cup of the steaming brew. "Are ye sure ye will come back with me? We don't have such wonders at Breaghacraig as ye have here in Glendaloch." He reached across and brushed his fingers across her hand. Cailin couldn't seem to stop touching her. He had an uneasy feeling that if he did, she might vanish into thin air right before his eyes and he couldn't bear the thought.
"I'm sure I'm going to come back with you." Ashley waved her good arm around the room. "This is just stuff. I can live without all this, but I can't live without you."
Cailin cupped her face in his hands and gently kissed her lips. "And I can't live without ye."
"I so want to throw my arms around you, but I can't." Ashley pouted and studied her injured arm in annoyance. "I can manage to throw one around you though."
Cailin grinned and pushed his chair back from the small table. "Come here, love."
Ashley rose from her chair and came to him, and Cailin pulled her carefully into his lap. "Settle yerself in so that I'm nae hurting ye."
She did as he requested and he wrapped his arms around her, careful to avoid causing her any pain. He nuzzled her neck with his nose and heard her sigh contentedly. He released a sigh of his own, grateful to have her back in his arms.

THIRTY-SEVEN
When Ashley and Cailin entered the dining room, Ashley came to a sudden halt, as she noticed Teddy sitting in his corner. Cailin saw him too and his big body tensed like a cat ready to pounce on its prey as he glared at Teddy.
Edna swiftly reached Cailin's side before he could make a move towards Teddy. She placed herself between the two men and put a calming hand on Cailin's arm. "Before you beat Teddy senseless, there's something you should both know," Edna said quietly. "Ashley, the day you went on your hike, as I said, I wanted you to cross the bridge. I wanted to get a message to my daughter." Edna looked down at her hands, rubbing them together anxiously. "I deceived you and I'm sorry for that, but I knew Cailin would be on the other side that day and I hoped he'd be close enough to the bridge to ensure you would go back to his time. I enlisted Teddy's help to be certain it all worked out the way I had planned. Teddy thought his job was to stop you from crossing the bridge if the fog was there, but I knew you were afraid of Teddy and that his interference would create the perfect reason for you to cross. I honestly had no idea it would turn into a scuffle between you. I owe you all a very sincere apology, including Teddy. Cailin, I hope you understand that Teddy wasn't trying to hurt Ashley; he thought he was saving her. He was terribly distraught when he returned to the inn without Ashley."
Cailin looked puzzled and scrubbed his fingers through his hair as he pondered her words. "How did ye know I'd be there?" he asked.
Edna chewed her lip thoughtfully, composing her words carefully. "I saw it in the fire, lad. You see, I have the sight," Edna said quietly. When Cailin continued to look puzzled she explained further. "I can see things that will happen in the future. It's one of my gifts."
"So you are psychic," Ashley gasped. "That day when I arrived and we were sitting by the fire - the man you saw was Cailin!"
Edna smiled happily. "Yes, my dear, and I'm so happy you found one another. You were destined to be together. By the time I foresaw all the trouble that was going to occur, it was far too late. You had already gone across the bridge, but at least I knew you would be returning and that we would be able to get you the help you needed."
Edna watched Cailin as he turned his attention back to Teddy, who was busily trying to make himself disappear into the corner. Cailin nodded his head in acknowledgement of what had been said and turned back to Edna, his gray eyes serious as he watched her.
"I apologize, Teddy. I didn't know what you were trying to do. Can you forgive me?" Ashley asked. "I had no idea you were only trying to help."
Teddy offered them a shy smile and nodded. He stood up and cautiously walked across the room, holding out his hand to Ashley. In his upturned palm was her moonstone.
"I found this at the bridge," he said quietly.
Ashley grinned and took the moonstone. "Thank you, Teddy. I'm so happy you found it for me."
Teddy returned to his corner and sat down again.
"Well, now that I know you're not going to kill Teddy," Edna laughed, "I'll tell you the rest of the story."
They sat down by the fire and Edna prepared herself to be completely honest with them. She took a deep breath and dove right in.
"I should probably start from the beginning," Edna admitted. "I've always had the ability to see things… to know things, even when I was a child. I have other abilities as well, but that's a discussion for another time." She paused, considering her words and stared into the fire for a moment. "It wasn't until my teenage years when I realized my ability to see things meant more than just knowing who was going to be calling when the phone rang, or being able to find things that were lost, and knowing what my friends were doing, when I wasn't with them. There had been rumors about time travel here in Glendaloch for many years, but most people thought it was a myth or tall tales." Edna smiled faintly and glanced up at Ashley and Cailin. "I discovered the time travel was real when I was eighteen. I'd had a vision of a very handsome highlander standing at the bridge, the very same bridge you crossed over to return to the sixteenth century, Ashley. I found him very attractive and I desperately wanted to know who he was. Over the next few weeks, the visions became clearer. To the point that I was certain if I visited the bridge, I would find him there. And that's exactly what I did."
"Was it Angus?" Ashley asked, watching Edna with great interest and avidly listening to the story.
"Yes, it was Angus. As it turned out, he was trying to find his place in life, back in the sixteenth century. He had three older brothers and was well back in line to become laird of his clan, so he decided to leave and search out a better life for himself. He wandered through the highlands until he came to the bridge, where I was waiting for him. We've not been parted from one another since."
"Angus is a time traveler? Does he know Cailin's family?" Ashley asked excitedly.
"He knew Cailin's parents, when they were young. Cailin, Angus and your father were fostered with your mother's family."
Cailin seemed surprised by this information and she watched as realization crossed his face, his gray eyes widening. "Aye. I recall my father spoke of him often. Angus Campbell was a great warrior. I've heard many tales of his bravery. My father was greatly saddened when he disappeared. He considered him a true friend."
"Why haven't you ever crossed the bridge to see Arlena?" Ashley questioned.
Edna smiled sadly. "I am the Bridge Keeper, Ashley. I must always be here, to help those who travel back and forth through time. I'm afraid if I went across the bridge, I wouldn't be able to return to Glendaloch."
"Isn't there someone who could take over as Bridge Keeper for you?" Cailin questioned.
"Someday there will be, but for now… no, there's no one."
"I'm so sorry, Edna. I know Arlena would love to see you and Angus again."
"It's my life's work, keeping the door open between these two time periods. You see, others have passed that way before you, and there is always the chance that they'll need to come back. I'll know about it, if they do, and I'll be there to meet them." Edna leaned forward, patting Ashley's leg. "Ashley, thank you for getting my letter to Arlena. You must feel a bit like a pawn in a chess match after what I've put you through."
"A little bit," Ashley admitted, "but I would never have met Cailin without you. I don't think my life would have ever been complete without him."
Cailin reached for her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing it gently. "Aye, Edna, 'tis forever grateful I'll be for yer bringing us together as ye have."
"You're most welcome. Cailin, I saw that you were lacking a special woman in your life and I sent visions of you out into the universe, with the intentions that the right lass be found for you. Ashley was obviously wishing for someone special to come into her life, so the visions found her and set her on the path towards you."
Ashley chewed her lip and Edna waited patiently for her to speak. "Edna, I think you should know that when Arlena crossed the bridge, she met Ewan right away. She has tried to come back, several times, but the fog has never been there."
"I know all about it, Ashley. Arlena was meant to be with Ewan and she was meant to have those two little imps, Rowan and Ranald." Edna laughed through her tears, delighted for her daughter as much as she was saddened by her absence. "Someday I will meet them, of that I'm certain." Edna wiped her eyes and smiled sadly at them both, anxious at what she had to do next. "Now, I have some news you won't want to hear."
Cailin narrowed his eyes. "What is it, Edna?"
"Cailin, you will need to leave here this afternoon and cross the bridge, and Ashley, my dear - you must stay here with us for now."
"What do you mean? I can't stay. I'm going back with Cailin," Ashley shrieked and alarm crossed her pretty features.
"I willnae leave her," Cailin announced firmly.
"I knew that would be your reaction, but let me explain. The police are coming tonight to arrest you, Cailin. I have seen it in my visions. They are convinced you're the one who assaulted Ashley."
"But, Cailin would never hurt me!" Ashley protested.
"I know, dear, but we cannot allow the police to take him. There is far too much at stake. The bridge is a closely guarded secret in Glendaloch. Not many know the truth about it and we must keep the time travel from becoming public knowledge. If anyone discovered that Cailin was a time traveler, he'd never be allowed to return to Breaghacraig." Edna leaned forward, grabbing their hands and squeezing firmly. "Please - believe me - if I thought this would all work out with no one being the wiser about the Glendaloch bridge, I'd let you stay, Cailin. But I know from my visions it won't work out that way, and, Ashley, you must stay in the twenty first century until you're injuries are completely healed."
Ashley and Cailin sat in stony silence, obviously struggling to contemplate the thought of being away from each other and Edna waited quietly, allowing them to process what she'd told them.
Finally, Ashley spoke and the pain in her voice nearly broke Edna's heart. "She's right, Cailin. I don't want to be apart from you, but at least this way we'll both be able to go back to Breaghacraig. We'll only be apart for a short while, if it works out as Edna says."
"I promise, I'll get you two back together as soon as I possibly can. Cailin, you will need to be back at the bridge in precisely six weeks' time. You must wait there for Ashley. She will come to you when the fog appears, I give you my word."
Cailin didn't take his eyes away from Ashley, speaking only to her. "I will be waiting, love. Dinnae doubt it."
Ashley inhaled heavily, clearly resigned to what Edna said they had to do. "I know you'll be there, I trust you completely." She shook her head. "I just don't know if I can do this. I don't want to be without you for such a long time," she glanced across at Edna, "but I understand why we must."
Edna stood up. "I'll leave you two to say your goodbyes to one another and then I'll ask Teddy to guide you to the bridge. Hopefully your clan did as I asked, and left someone to wait for you."
*****
Ashley and Cailin returned to Ashley's room and Ashley grabbed Cailin's hand, placing her moonstone in his palm.
"I'll hold this close to my heart, 'til yer with me again," Cailin promised huskily.
Tears began to tumble down Ashley's cheeks and Cailin brushed them away with his thumbs. He pulled her into his arms as she lifted her face to meet his. Their lips met in a kiss filled with sadness and promise, passion and longing. Every emotion they were feeling poured between them in those few moments and when they parted, they still held each other, neither wanting to be the first to let go.
"Ashley, Cailin, it's time," Edna called from the hallway.
"I love ye, Ashley Moore," Cailin breathed against her hair.
"And I love you, Cailin MacBayne."

THIRTY-EIGHT
Ashley and Edna watched as Cailin and Teddy disappeared down the road, on their way to retrieve Cadeyrn from Mrs. MacDougall's barn. Ashley was in tears and Edna wrapped her in her motherly embrace, trying to comfort her as best she could. "I can't lose him, Edna, I just can't!"
"It will all be alright, dear. Don't worry. You were meant to be together and you will be."
Ashley couldn't help but worry, despite Edna's reassurance. What if the fog didn't reappear when it was supposed to? What if they were not destined to be together?
Edna seemed to know exactly what she was thinking. "Have faith, Ashley."
*****
That evening, at The Thistle and Hive, the door flew open at about eight o'clock and in walked Senior Constable Douglas. "Ah, Mrs. Campbell, Miss Moore. I'm looking for Cailin MacBayne."
"He's not here," Ashley replied casually, lifting her eyes from the book she'd been staring at for the past half hour, waiting for this moment.
"Where is he?" Douglas demanded.
Ashley shrugged. "I don't know."
Douglas stared at her coldly. "When will he return?"
"He won't, I'm afraid," Edna said. She leaned forward, using the poker to put a piece of wood further into the fireplace.
Douglas sighed heavily. "Miss Moore, whilst I understand it is common for the victims of abuse to protect their abuser, I have to inform you that all of the leads you've given us have gone absolutely nowhere. It's as if the two men you described to us don't even exist. Based on what little information you've provided, we have no choice. We must arrest Mr. MacBayne. He is our only suspect."
"But he hasn't done anything!" Ashley protested.
"If that's truly the case, then he'll be released, but until we've questioned him thoroughly, he'll need to stay with us."
"He's gone and he won't be back," Edna said, placing the poker in its place by the fire.
"If you don't mind I'll have a look around."
"Of course. Look all you like, but you'll not find him here," Edna said calmly.
Douglas ordered the two constables he'd brought with him to make a thorough search of The Thistle and Hive, along with the surrounding area. When their search was complete, Douglas returned to Edna and Ashley.
"Mrs. Campbell, I hope you realize that if you are in any way aiding Mr. MacBayne, you will be held accountable. We are merely concerned regarding the possibility that he may attack Miss Moore again, and next time he could do much worse."
"Senior Constable, I understand your concern, but we don't know where he is, and I'm quite sure that he is not the one you're looking for. I can only reassure you, he would never hurt the girl."
"Please contact us if he returns, or if you have any other information that would help our investigation."
Edna smiled pleasantly. "We will, you can be sure of it."
*****
"Edna, I really wish you'd let me help you. It's the least I can do, after everything you've done for me. Besides, I'm bored to tears just sitting around here and waiting."
Edna chuckled. "All right. You've worn me down and I believe you've almost worn a hole in my carpet with your incessant pacing. You can help set up the dining room for tonight's guests."
Ashley grinned. "I'd be happy to."
Ashley had been going crazy these past few weeks. She'd had very little to occupy her time and all she could think about was returning to Cailin, which in turn only served to make her feel depressed and anxious. She was also reliving her terrifying ordeal at the hands of Thomas and Sir Richard. She knew Thomas was dead. She'd seen it with her own two eyes. Sir Richard was another story. He'd gotten away and she didn't know if he had been found, or if he'd be back to harm her again. Keeping busy would be a good thing. Her cast would be off in a week or so, and then she could go to the bridge, wait for the fog to appear and be reunited with Cailin. She knew he would never allow anyone to hurt her again and that comforted her.
Later that day, Angus was quietly reading in a chair in the lobby, while Ashley fidgeted nervously behind the registration desk. She'd made quick work of setting up the dining room, and Edna had put her behind the desk to greet anyone coming in to the hotel.
Angus looked at her over the top of his newspaper. "Ashley, lass, dinnae fash. Ye'll be together soon enough and ye'll have a lifetime to spend with yer love."
"I'm just afraid the fog won't come, or that perhaps Cailin has changed his mind. I don't think I could handle it if he did."
"Cailin willnae change his mind. It's plain enough to anyone who has eyes, the lad loves ye dearly."
Ashley stopped her nervous tapping of a pencil against the register. "Do you really think so, Angus?"
"Aye, I do. Yer worrying yerself needlessly."
Ashley placed the pencil down on the desk and took a deep breath, willing herself to calm. If Angus thought it would be okay, she was certain he would be right. During her wait at The Thistle and Hive, she and Angus had developed a father-daughter relationship and Ashley often sought comfort and reassurance from the older man. He was a very quiet man who only ever spoke when he had something important to say and that usually meant you should listen because he was generally right.

THIRTY-NINE
The door to the inn was swept open a few minutes later and a very tall man with long, dark hair and dark eyes strode in. He seemed a little out of place in the inn and Ashley's heart sank to her toes when she recognized him. Sir Richard Jeffords stood before her, wearing modern day clothing and shoes. He looked around the room before his cold eyes focused on her at the desk.
"Well, well, if it isn't Lady Ashley! I've been hoping to find a familiar face in this bizarre little village. How fortunate I am, to stumble upon you, of all people in this place."
Angus put his newspaper down and stood up catching Ashley's eye. He nodded faintly, letting her know that he understood.
"Can I help you, sir?" Angus asked, keeping his voice low and calm.
"Yes, I'm searching for a bed and since this is the only inn in the village, I'm hoping you have space for me. I'm a friend of this lovely young lass. Ashley do please tell him about me, won't you?"
Ashley found she was frozen in place. She couldn't speak, her terror at seeing Sir Richard again was so great.
"There's no need for Ashley to vouch for you. I'll be happy to help ye." Angus walked behind the desk and stood beside Ashley. "Ashley, would you please go and find Edna for me? Tell her we have a guest who is in need of a room."
Ashley nodded weakly and practically ran from the room in search of Edna. She found her in the dining room, going over the menu with the chef.
"Ashley, what's wrong! You look as though you've had quite a shock."
Ashley held a hand to her rapidly beating heart. "I think I have. Edna, Sir Richard Jefford is in the lobby." She was shaking uncontrollably.
"The man who kidnapped you and took part in your abuse?" Edna stood up abruptly, her voice incredulous.
"Yes! What are we going to do? Angus sent me to find you."
"I'm sure Angus can handle him if need be. Don't worry. I'm going to call Senior Constable Douglas and tell him we've located the man who beat you. Hopefully he'll get here quickly. You must go back out there, Ashley, make it seem like everything is normal. Tell Angus I'll be right there, and don't let on that we're calling the police."
Ashley tried not to look as frightened as she felt. Taking a deep, calming breath, she walked back into the lobby, making her way behind the registration desk and stood beside Angus's calming presence.
"Edna said she'll be right out."
Sir Richard leaned against the edge of the desk, and Ashley instinctively took a step backwards, only calming when Angus squeezed her arm gently. "Ashley, my dear, I was very much hoping you could tell me how to return home? I'm sure you must have some idea."
Ashley inhaled deeply, finding her voice, although even she could hear the fear in her words. "I'm afraid I don't. If I did, I'd be there now."
Sir Richard tapped his fingernails against the desk. "Perhaps later, you and I might take a little walk down to the bridge, to see for ourselves."
"I don't think so," Ashley responded quietly. She forced herself to scan him from head to toe. "I thought you were hurt."
"Oh, it was nothing serious. I'm perfectly fine now. They have a very good doctor here in Glendaloch, I'll bet you've met him."
"Yes, yes I have," Ashley admitted.
"He was kind enough to let me stay with him until I was recovered from my injury." He inclined his head towards the plaster cast. "What happened to your arm?"
"I fell from a horse and broke it."
"I see. What a terrible shame."
"Here I am, Angus." Edna called as she hurried into the room. "I'm so sorry to keep you waiting, sir. My name is Edna and I'd be very happy to assist you. You're in need of a room?" Edna did a wonderful job of greeting Sir Richard acting as her usual bubbly self. Ashley didn't think he would possibly guess what they were up to.
"Yes. I do. Hopefully not for too long, however. I'm hoping someone here might help me find my way back to where I came from." He stared pointedly at Ashley.
"I'm sure that can be arranged, sir, but in the meantime, let's get you settled into a room." Edna began searching through her reservations book. "I believe Room Three is available, the guests vacated this morning. The maid is just finishing up in there. Can we offer you a drink at the bar Mr…?
"Jefford. Richard Jefford."
"Please come this way," Edna announced cheerily, directing Sir Richard towards the dining room. "You can wait in here until your room is available. Perhaps you would you like some wine?"
Sir Richard offered her a simpering smile. "That would be lovely, Edna."
Ashley watched through the open doorway as Edna poured Sir Richard a glass of wine. She prayed Senior Constable Douglas would arrive swiftly.
Angus kept a vigil at the front desk with Ashley close by his side. Ashley had begun to feel slightly more relaxed when she glanced down and realized what Sir Richard couldn't have known - Angus kept his Claymore behind the counter and he'd kept a hand on it the whole time they were speaking with Sir Richard. Even though Sir Richard was occupied in the other room with Edna, Angus kept his hand on the hilt in readiness to protect Ashley and Edna from any danger.
Time seemed to creep by and Ashley could hear Edna keeping up a continuous conversation with Sir Richard. They were both laughing and Ashley was amazed at how cool Edna was, under the circumstances. It seemed like hours passed, but watching the clock, Ashley knew only thirty minutes had gone by before Senior Constable Douglas rushed through the door, along with two constables. Ashley was shaking like a leaf as she listened to Angus explaining Sir Richard's arrival in a low voice to Douglas.
When he'd finished, Douglas strode into the dining room, followed by his men. "Mrs. Campbell. Thank you for the phone call. Is this the man, you were speaking about?"
"Why yes it is, Senior Constable Douglas."
"I'm sorry, what's going on here?" Sir Richard stood up, looking surprised.
"Sir, you are under arrest, for the assault of Miss Ashley Moore. You'll be coming with me."
"I don't know what you are talking about! Miss Moore and I are old friends. I'm certain she'll vouch for me," Sir Richard said, his voice growing louder.
"Senior Constable Douglas, this is the man you've been searching for," Ashley announced as she walked into the dining room escorted by Angus.
"Ashley, what is this all about? Is this some sort of cruel joke?"
Sir Richard honestly looked baffled and Ashley couldn't get over what a good actor he was. Either that, or he'd suffered a serious head injury during the battle outside of Breaghacraig and was delusional. "You know what you did to me! Don't try to deny it." Her fear was rapidly being replaced with seething anger.
Douglas instructed his men to handcuff Sir Richard and they did so, with some difficulty as Sir Richard realized he had no chance of getting away and began to struggle in earnest.
"Ashley! I'll be back for you, you can be sure of it! You must help me get back home!" he yelled furiously.
"Goodbye, Richard. I hope I never see you again." Ashley managed to control herself until the police left the building before she broke down. Angus was by her side in a flash and wrapped her in his strong arms. Edna rubbed her back and cooed soft words of comfort in her ear as she sobbed with relief.
*****
"Are ye okay, Ashley?" Angus asked.
"I'll be fine. I think I need to go upstairs and lie down for a little while."
"I think that's a verra good idea, lass. We'll call you when it's time for the evening meal. Ye can rest now, and nae worry about this any longer. I promise ye lass, it's verra nearly all over now."

FORTY
Cailin was at his wits end. He simply could not focus on anything and he was short-tempered and impatient with everyone who had the misfortune to cross his path. Time seemed to be dragging as he waited for the day when he would go to meet Ashley and bring her back to Breaghacraig to begin their life together.
"Cailin, are ye going to sit on yer arse all day, or will ye come with me? My horse needs to be exercised and I think ye do as well." Cormac appeared from across the courtyard, chewing on a piece of straw.
Cailin had propped himself against the castle wall to whittle a piece of wood, but it had been whittled into nothing remotely recognizable. The scowl on his face had done a good job of keeping others away, with the exception of his brother.
"Why do ye bother me, Cormac? Can ye nae see I'm busy?"
"Aye. I see that yer busy murdering that piece of wood with yer Sgian Dubh. I thought ye might like to ride with me. Take yer mind off yer troubles."
Cailin didn't answer, instead continuing his assault on the stick in his hand.
Cormac tried again. "Come, brother, I could use yer company and me ears are waitin' to hear of yer plight."
Cailin growled, but reluctantly threw the stick away and put the Sgian Dubh in the side of his boot before he stood. "Aye. I'll come with ye. I'll take Ashley's horse. I'm sure Destiny misses her as much as I do."
Cormac raised a speculative eyebrow and slapped Cailin on the back. "I don't doubt that the horse misses her company, but surely not as much as ye do."
The two brothers made their way to the stables, where they saddled their horses in silence and walked them out through the gate before mounting.
"What troubles ye, brother? Ye'll see the lovely Ashley soon, will ye nae?"
"Aye," Cailin said grimly. "But I'm worried, Cormac."
"Whatever for?"
"I've seen the world she comes from. It's filled with wondrous things… like chocolate and coffee. Oh, and a delicious bread she called pizza. Mayhap she willnae want to give those up. What will I do without her if she doesnae come back?"
"Dinnae worry so, Cailin. I dinnae ken the things ye speak of and whilst they may be wondrous, I dinnae believe Ashley thinks them more wondrous than ye. She loves ye, brother, do ye nae ken that?"
"Aye. But what if she doesnae come through the fog?"
"Dinnae fash over something which hasnae happened, Cailin."
"Ye make a good point, brother," Cailin admitted begrudgingly.
"I only hope that someday I'll find a lass, who will make me as miserably unhappy as ye are, when she isnae nearby."
Cailin laughed and Cormac joined in his laughter, sharing a smile with his brother. They continued their ride and discussion and when they returned to the castle, Cailin had a lighter heart and a smile on his face.
*****
Dr. Ferguson completed his examination and began packing up his bag. "Yer as good as new, lassie."
"Thank you, Dr. Ferguson."
"You're very welcome, now I suggest you go find yer man. I can see yer itchin' to do so."
Ashley could hardly contain her excitement. She gave the doctor a quick peck on the cheek as he walked out the door and then started packing some belongings to take with her. She had gifts for everyone in Breaghacraigh. Nothing that screamed '2014', but all things she was certain they'd enjoy. She had lots of chocolate, some for herself as well as small bars for everyone else. She had picked up a solar charger for her cell phone, and while she wouldn't be able to telephone anyone, she could at least listen to music and look at her photos and videos from the twenty first century. Edna had helped her to find a medieval gown and cape at a store specializing in reenactments, but she was still going to bring some of her own clothes and her boots. The list of things to take was long and Ashley was hoping she'd be able to get it all into the leather duffel bag she'd purchased. Once she had everything safely stashed away, she picked up her cell phone and called Jenna one last time.
The phone rang several times and just when she thought it would go to voicemail, Jenna finally picked up.
"Ashley! Where have you been? I've been worried sick about you!" Jenna cried.
"I'm fine, Jenna. I'm still in Scotland, but I wanted to call you because I've decided to stay here permanently."
There was a stunned silence at the other end of the line for a moment. "What? Why?"
Ashley grinned happily. "I've met someone. I'm getting married!"
"Oh, my gosh! Are you kidding me?"
"No. I'm perfectly serious. Do you remember the man I was having visions of when I was at home?"
"Yeah, but what's that got to do with anything?"
"I've found him!"
She heard the disbelief in Jenna's voice. "You what?"
"I found him, Jenna! We're in love and I'm going to marry him and live with his family in their castle. It's called Breaghacraig."
"Ashley, I don't know what to say. I guess I'm shocked. Are you sure about this?" Jenna asked worriedly.
"I am."
"And you're going to live in a castle?"
"Yeah!"
"Wow! If anyone had told me this would happen, I would never have believed it."
"I know it's hard to fathom, but Jenna, I've never been so sure about anything. I had to call you, so you wouldn't worry about me. There's no phone service in Breaghacraig and they're about a million miles away from the nearest mail service. I didn't want you to think I had fallen off the face of the earth. If you need to get in touch with me, you can contact Mrs. Campbell at The Thistle and Hive, in Glendaloch. She can get a message to me."
"Okay. Let me write that down. Is there anything you need me to do for you?"
"No. Just be happy for me and know how much I love you and I'll miss you so much."
"Can I come visit?" Jenna asked hopefully.
"I'm not sure, but if anyone can make it happen, it will be Mrs. Campbell. She'll help you if you decide to come." Ashley hedged, knowing she couldn't tell her the truth. She didn't want to leave with Jenna thinking she had lost her mind.
They talked for a while longer, with Jenna catching Ashley up on all her friends and their dramas, and reminiscing about old times.
"You be sure to tell Cailin that I said he's a very lucky man, and he'd better treat you right or he'll have to answer to me," Jenna warned.
"I will Jenna." Ashley glanced at her watch. "I'd better go now. I've got lots to do before I leave for Breaghacraig."
They said a tearful goodbye to one another and when Ashley disconnected the call, she had a peculiar happy/sad thing going on. She wiped away her tears and simultaneously, a huge smile lit her face as she thought of her beautiful man.
"Ashley," Edna called from the hallway. "May I come in?"
"Of course, Edna."
The door was pushed open and Edna, ever the whirlwind of energy, flew into the room.
"Just checking on your progress, dear. Did you speak with your friend?"
"I did, and I gave her your information in case she needs to contact me."
Edna nodded. "No worries, dear. I'll be happy to help her in any way possible."
Ashley flopped onto the bed and clasped her hands together. "First thing tomorrow morning, I'm off to the bridge," she announced happily.
"Now remember, it may not happen on your first attempt, so don't get discouraged. I'm sending Teddy with you, along with some camping equipment, just in case you need it and have to stay for a day or two."
Ashley chewed her lip anxiously. "The fog will come, won't it?"
"Of course! But it can be a wee bit unpredictable and you both need to be there at precisely the same time, so you may need to wait for a little bit for the timing to be perfect."
"Can't you see what will happen, Edna?"
Edna patted her shoulder. "Not always, but I have a very good feeling it will all work out for you and Cailin. You'll see!"
*****
Cailin had been waiting at the bridge for days. Every morning he saddled up the horses and waited. There was no sign of Ashley or the fog.
What if she doesn't come? How will I know if she's changed her mind? He told himself repeatedly to be patient and he knew he'd wait there forever if need be. He wasn't going back to Breaghacraig without her.
*****
Day three of Ashley's vigil arrived and she was getting desperate. She was exhausted and beginning to lose faith. Not one tendril of fog had shown itself and she didn't know if it ever would. She spent the entire morning throwing rocks into the stream becoming increasingly uneasy.
Teddy arrived as he had each day, to keep her company during her wait. She didn't have much to say, but Teddy didn't seem to mind. At around noon she had a little bite to eat and then sat on the bridge to wait. Her eyes drifted shut and she dreamed of a handsome gray-eyed man calling her name. She woke with a start when Teddy shook her urgently. He had her bags in his hands and motioned to the other side of the bridge, where the fog was moving in and out of the trees.
"Ashley, love, I'm here!" Cailin's voice came from the fog, wavering and sounding like an echo.
"Cailin! I can't see you."
The fog grew thicker and then it suddenly cleared enough for Ashley to glimpse Cailin on the other side. He stood waiting for her, Cadeyrn and Destiny grazing just a few feet away.
"Cailin!" She ran as fast as she could, tripping over the hem of her gown in her haste. Cailin held his arms open to her and she almost knocked him over in her hurry. Cailin lifted her off of the ground twirling her around, as a look of sheer joy lit his handsome face. He put her down, lifting her chin and looked deeply into her eyes, before lowering his mouth to hers in a long glorious kiss.
Teddy dropped the bags by their feet and silently backed away from the fog. As Ashley and Cailin turned to wave goodbye to him, the fog cleared and Teddy disappeared from view.
*****
Cailin tied the bags onto Destiny's back and then lifted Ashley onto Cadeyrn. He mounted the horse behind her and pulled her close, nestled between his thighs. Ashley snuggled into his embrace, happier than she'd ever imagined she could be.
"Let's go home," she said. And they did.
THE END

EPILOGUE
The wedding had been as beautiful as Ashley had always dreamed her wedding day would be. While it certainly wasn't the type of wedding she was used to, she thought it was better. She had a beautiful gown and a handsome groom and everyone celebrated into the wee hours of the morning.
And she had a new family. Robert, Irene, and Cormac were like the siblings she had always longed for and Helene was a trusted friend. She even had an instant parcel of nieces and nephews. She loved being in this big, busy household. It was her dream come true.
Everyone had been shocked to hear that Sir Richard ended up in Glendaloch, but happy to hear he had been arrested for what he had done to Ashley. They hoped never to be bothered by him again. Ashley had discovered on her return to Breaghacraig, that his men, who were much fewer in number than they originally thought, had returned to England without him. Nobody had any idea how he'd ended up in the twenty first century.
*****
Cailin proved to be a most attentive husband. He doted on Ashley and brought her little presents almost daily. Fresh flowers, new ribbons for her hair, and once, when a merchant was passing through, Cailin purchased a bolt of the most gorgeous fabric in her favorite shade of turquoise, which the seamstress had used to create a lovely new gown. She was truly blessed to have found him.
Lying in bed one morning, Ashley spoke out aloud. "Thank you, Edna."
"What are ye thankin' Edna for now," an amused Cailin asked as he poked his head into their bedchamber.
Ashley grinned blissfully. "For you. I am ever so grateful she brought me to you."
"I should thank you as well, Edna." Cailin winked at Ashley, apparently amused to think they were speaking to a woman who was centuries away. "Now, if she could just find someone for Cormac."
"Maybe she will," Ashley laughed.
Cailin strode across the room and slipped into bed beside Ashley. "Come here, my love." He wrapped Ashley in his arms and then proceeded to tickle her senseless as she laughed and playfully swatted at him.
"This is pretty perfect," she sighed, when Cailin finally stopped and cuddled her lovingly against his chest. "I couldn't ask for anything more."

ABOUT JENNAE
Jennae was born and raised a New England girl, just outside of Boston, Massachusetts, where her imagination was always bigger than she was. Her large, extended Irish and Italian families were a great source of support, inspiration and humor. Laughter, love and food were never hard to find in her home. Jennae grew up surrounded by nostalgic, historical landmarks, which fed her love of history and creative writing.
She has worn many hats over the years. From owning her own typing service and horse training/boarding facility, to operating an embroidery/t-shirt business, her entrepreneurial spirit was strong and thriving. Determined to do something she truly loved, her vivid imagination took over again and she decided to follow her literary dream of writing stories that tapped into her love of magnificent people and places.
Jennae now lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband, where they've raised two beautiful and talented children. Along the way they've gathered a menagerie of pets, including one dog, three cats and 4 chickens to make the family complete.
You can contact Jennae at her website: www.jennaevaleauthor.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/jennaevaleauthor
Twitter: @jealil
jennaevaleauthor@gmail.com

