a Chance for Charity

The Immortal Ones
book one

S.L. Baum



Published by S.L. Baum - Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Copyright 2009 by S. Baum – All rights reserved.
Revised – 2017

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


DESCRIPTION

A new family has just arrived in the isolated mountain town of Telluride, Colorado. Welcome the Johnstons – Jason (a doctor), Rachel (a designer), and their niece Emily (a current High School Senior).
Emily has lived the life of a quiet loner in the past, trying to go unnoticed. But with Telluride being such a small and welcoming town, she finds a group of friends at school almost immediately. When Emily meets Link (another new transplant in town) her world turns upside down. She doesn’t understand why she feels a magnetic pull toward him, or why she unknowingly lets her guard down around him. Link is just as confused by his own need to be with her.
Emily knows she is playing with fire. She should be doing whatever she can to keep herself isolated, to keep Link from getting too close. Danger has a way of finding Emily’s family – that is what keeps them on the move. They arrive in a new town every few years – it is safer that way. 
Because… Emily isn’t really Emily… her real name is Charity – and Charity has an even bigger secret. Charity and her family are not like other people, they have “skills” that mere mortals cannot begin to comprehend.
Before long, Charity is struggling with the reality that her two lives are coming closer to each other with each passing day. Soon Link will find himself wrapped in a supernatural world that he never knew existed – and discover that mortals are not the only beings that walk this earth.


Suggested reading order for the series:
A Chance for Charity (book one)
My Link in Time (book two)
Of Fire and Brimstone (Elizabeth’s Novella)
Our Summer of Discontent (book three)
The Eve of Destruction (book four)
The Arrival of Dawn (book five) *coming soon


For my kiddos
So they know that being a mommy
doesn't mean giving up your dreams.
It’s never too late to try something new.



****

prologue

I was twenty years old when my fiancé died. His death almost destroyed me. The world as I knew it ceased to exist, and I fell into a cavernous depression. I wasn’t sure that I could ascend from the abyss, to claw my way out, to continue on.
How could I live without him?
My Aunt and Uncle saved me from my hopelessness. They have a way of making the past disappear so life can start fresh. And that was what I needed at the time. Now, here we are again... starting over. This time, it’s out of necessity. This time, I’m apprehensive. This time, everything is about to change. 
I can feel it. 


****

chapter one
A NEW BEGINNING - AGAIN
 
“Emily Johnston?... Is Emily Johnston here?” This teacher was clearly annoyed. I could tell by the scowl on his face. His eyebrows almost met in the center of his forehead when he squinted that way, and there was a vein pulsating at his temple. I wished Emily Johnston would raise her hand or this guy would give up and move on to the next name. I glanced around the room to see where Emily might be and felt the burn of sixteen pair of eyes glaring at me.
“Oh crap!” I whispered. “Here,” I mumbled aloud. “Sorry... Spacing...” Those were the only other words I could manage to utter.
Why did it always take me so long to remember a new name? Well good job, “Emily,” nothing like calling attention to yourself on your first day of classes, I admonished myself. I’d choose the name next time. This was the second time Catherine had picked a name that just wouldn’t stick in my brain. Emily... Emily... Emily... I silently chanted in my head.
And Seventeen! Why did I have to be seventeen again? I hated not being considered an adult. High school was interesting the first time, but I hated repeating it. I put my foot down about the grade though, I’m a senior. One year was all I could bear to put in this time. Well, less than one year, it was getting close to the middle of October already. We tried starting me out as a sophomore once, but I could barely pull off fifteen. I’m seventeen, I’m a senior in high school, and my name is Emily.
You are Emily Johnston, I told myself. Emily is an average girl, of average height. She has a slight, athletic build. She could be a gymnast or a swimmer. She has dark, almost black, hair that falls just below her shoulders, most days it is pulled back into a low pony-tail, and her eyes are the palest blue. Some people find the eyes quite startling. I try not to hold eye contact for too long. I am Emily... and she is me.
I looked down at the book as Mr. Duncan placed it on my desk. I hadn’t read that one in forever. Did I like it? It took place in a jungle... guy goes crazy... I tried to remember all the details. 
“You can copy my notes if you want. We just started the book last Thursday. You didn’t miss much.”
“Thanks, that’d be great.” I turned to the girl sitting at my right and smiled.
“I’m Summer.”
“Emily,” I offered.
“Yeah, kinda figured that,” Summer teased.
“So embarrassing.” I cringed, replaying the moment in my head. I couldn’t believe I had called attention to myself that way. I hated first days, first weeks. It always took awhile for me to settle into my new life.
“Don’t worry about it.” Summer tried to reassure me.
I sat at my desk and tried to tune-in to the teacher’s voice and tune-out the various distracting sounds around the room. I could hear a few kids to the left of me snicker at my “space out.” Some girl, two desks in front of me, was filing her nails and the rhythmic scrape of the emery board was roaring in my ears. The tiny squeak of a dull pencil on notebook paper, from behind me, was driving me crazy. I shook my head and pushed all the extra sounds into the background and tried to concentrate on only the sound of Mr. Duncan’s voice.
It was a very long hour.
When the bell rang, releasing us from first period, Summer exited the room alongside me, matching my pace. It made me a bit nervous. I usually kept to myself. 
“So, your uncle is the new doc over at the medical center. My mom is a nurse there,” she said as she smiled warmly.
“Clairvoyant?” I asked.
“Small town,” she answered. “What do you have next? I can tell you where to go.”
Summer was trying to be helpful, to ease my transition into this new school. She had a sincere face, I found myself liking her already.
“Trig – with Peterson.” I read to her from my newly printed schedule.
“I have Calculus, right next door. Walk with me.”
Calculus was not my strong point. I’d tried it the last time. The equations were some form of cruel torture, like a constant dripping of water onto my forehead until my brain was ready to explode. Trig was as far as I was willing to test my math skills this time around.
We walked down the hall and Summer pointed in the general direction of each of my classes. It turned out we had four of our six subjects together. With less than two hundred students in all of the high school, each grade level averaged fewer than fifty students. I would have no choice but to get to know these kids extremely well. Why couldn’t I have five hundred students per grade level again? Then I could sink into oblivion and no one would notice. Why did James have to pick Telluride anyway? It was such a tiny town.
“Well, see you in an hour,” Summer chimed as we arrived at our separate math classes.
I watched as she walked through the adjacent doorway. Summer Paxton was a cute girl. Her short brown hair was pulled into two tiny pony-tails. She was dressed neatly, in the unofficial uniform for this high school, jeans and a t-shirt. I was glad I’d picked a similar outfit. I needed to blend in as much as possible. I envied her ease, but she’d said she had lived in Telluride since the age of three. I had been here for three days.

Four days ago I was with my family, in a vehicle, driving to Colorado. It was beautiful. I’d give Telluride that. During the drive I was awed by the fall colors in full display on the trees - with their brilliant, deep, jewel toned leaves. Everywhere I looked out the window, vibrant colors stared back at me. There was gold, amber, and garnet splashed across the mountainside with the evergreens continuously peeking through. Their deep emerald green would be a constant in any season. The peaks of the mountains were white with snow, pearl white I’d say, in keeping with the jewel theme. Did the snow ever melt from up there? I suppose I’d find out next summer.
I wondered how long we’d last in Telluride. We couldn’t stay in one place forever. For now, I was seventeen and lived with my Uncle Jason, who was twenty-nine, and my Aunt Rachel, who was twenty-five. Jason had recently finished all his medical training and Rachel was a designer. I was Emily, a high school student. Oh yeah, we had moved to Colorado from Canada. That was our story and we were sticking to it.
I drove straight home after school. Home – that word would never again mean what I believed it should. Home was a house now, whatever house we found in our new city or town to suit our needs. This was our one vice, the one place where we didn’t follow the rules and try to blend in. We lived well. We liked a big, strong, beautiful looking, well constructed house. We also needed space, lots of space. After living together as long as we had, there were times when each of us needed to get lost while remaining at home. James and Catherine, aka Jason and Rachel, seemed to need it less than I did. They gravitated toward each other without ever being fully aware of it.
Home was now in Mountain Village, an extension of Telluride, a twenty-or-so minute drive or a ten-plus minute gondola ride from the center of town. We bought an eight thousand square foot house overlooking one of the ski trails. The trail was called Galloping Goose - the thought of a goose galloping made me smile. I had never skied before and was actually looking forward to learning the new skill. It was even part of the curriculum at school. When there was snow enough on the ground, and I was confident enough in my abilities, I could ski out of and ski back onto our property. But the white blanket of snow to cover those trails would not arrive until late November. 
I parked my SUV in the garage and entered the house with a smile on my face. I could hear Catherine humming... as she poured... (I inhaled deeply through my nose) ...lavender tea into a mug.
“Hello, Rachel, how was your day today?” I asked as I walked into the kitchen. 
“Fine, how was yours, Emily?” She matched my tone.
“Ugh, why did you pick Emily? I spaced it in first period and everyone was staring at me.”
“You’ve had weeks to prepare for this. You will be fine.”
“When do I get to be Charity again?” I whined. I knew I was being unreasonable.
“When everyone who knew Charity is dead,” she said plainly. 
“I think they all are by now,” I whispered as tears welled up in my eyes. The mood in the room had suddenly changed.
“Next time, I promise,” Catherine soothed and then crossed the room to hold me in her arms as I cried.
I sank to the floor. My legs had turned to rubber and were unable to hold me up anymore. Catherine followed and I rested my head in her lap. The frustration of change and the memories I’d tried so hard to suppress consumed me. Visions of my “original” life flashed before my eyes, but they were just illusions. I tried not to think about the past. There was nothing I could do to change it. I had the future in front of me and I needed to make the best of it.
“Sorry, Catherine, I don’t know why I do that so often.” I stumbled over the words as I tried to force myself to stop crying.
“It’s okay dear,” she soothed. “I picked out a location for the boutique today. It’s right on Colorado Avenue, the main drag, same as the high school. You can meet me there tomorrow after school to help me remodel and redecorate. We need to paint right away.” Catherine changed the subject and tried to brighten the mood. She was the perfect aunt, mother, and friend.
“I’ll be there,” I promised Catherine and then excused myself to my suite of rooms. I needed to lie down and watch a movie, an action picture. My three favorite genres were romance, action, and sci-fi. I absolutely hated horror. I could never stand to watch as people were sadistically injured and killed. Tonight it was fast paced, mind-blowing action that I needed.
I did my homework while the movie played on my extra large, wall mounted, flat screen. The surround sound made me feel as if I were in the room, with the hostages, in the bank, as the bomb exploded. I jumped, startled by the debris flying toward me on the screen. I could never seem to get over how much things had changed since I was a little girl. Everything was bigger, brighter, and louder now. Except computers, they got smaller as the years passed. I loved it all... hi-def DVDs, MP3 players, laptop computers, cell phones. I’m a technology junky.
I fell asleep sometime after two a.m. - once I had watched the requisite number of car chases, fight sequences, and explosions to push my memories back into the corners of my mind, where I needed them to stay. I woke early and went downstairs for a cup of the coffee I could already smell brewing in the kitchen.
“Morning, James, or should I say Jason?” I yawned as I poured myself a large mug of coffee, before adding tons of vanilla creamer. I guess it was coffee flavored vanilla creamer at that point, but that’s the way I like it.
“Morning, Emily,” James replied as he smiled at me. “It’s not such a bad name. You’ll get used to it soon, you always do, and you know you can always call me James at home.”
“I know. How was your first day at the medical center?”
“Good, I met Summer Paxton. She came in after school to pay a quick visit to her mom. She told me that you guys will be seeing a lot of each other. Really small school... Sorry, that is the one thing I seriously overlooked. Guess we all should have known though, looking at the size of the town.”
“It is less than one square mile,” I mused. “Summer seemed really nice, for a teenager. When is my birthday again? I hate being seventeen.” I grabbed my purse to answer my own question and fished out the well paid for driver’s license. “February tenth,” I sighed. “I guess I can live with that. It’s only four months away. What’s your plan for today?” I asked James, trying to lighten my voice, I was determined to will myself into a good mood.
“Same as yesterday. I’m still getting to know my way around the center, and the urgent care facilities. They tell me that business really starts picking up once ski season hits and the populations of the town skyrockets. So until that time, I plan on taking it easy and just enjoy spending time with my two best girls. There are so many trails for hiking and ranches with horses for horseback riding. There’s a lake nearby that is supposed to be just breathtaking. We need to do some exploring.”
He really looked handsome when his face lit up that way. His jet-black hair fell into his eyes as he studied a trail map on the kitchen counter. He loved the outdoors, which is another reason he and Catherine were so well suited. She always seemed drawn to water and could spend hours exploring her surroundings. When she wasn’t doing that, she was busy creating.
Catherine was an excellent interior designer, a creative artist, and talented seamstress. She was happiest when she had a boutique to showcase her unique clothing. And I planned to arrive at the boutique promptly when school ended, so I could help her get it ready to open. I owed them that much. I don’t know where I would be without the love and support of these two people, who had once rescued me when I was alone and broken. They took me in and became the family that I needed. They mended my spirit and were a constant source of strength. 
“Why do you keep working, James?” I asked. “We have more than enough money. You could stop anytime you want. We could just live like the super rich and travel the world. If we moved every few months no one would ever suspect anything about us. It might be safer.”
The question had popped into my head so many times over the years.
“Catherine and I tried to be nomads, before you joined the family, but neither of us found happiness in that lifestyle. A person needs a place to call home. At least I do. As far as work goes, I like helping people. Being a doctor is all I have ever wanted in life since the age of twelve. I am not completely happy unless I am doing it. Plus I think that one of the reasons I am on this earth is to use my skills to heal. Catherine creates, I heal... you have a purpose too, we all do.”
“I guess I understand. Have a good day, James. I’m going to get ready for school now. Thanks for the pep-talk. I’ll be fine. Love you,” I called back over my shoulder as I ran upstairs to prepare myself for another day of high school.
“Love you too, Charity. Be safe, nothing dangerous today,” he warned as I walked into my room.
Ha, safe... he knew me too well. When I was alone, out on my own, I took risks I shouldn’t. There were a lot of trails to get lost in out here. I was looking forward to it.
I drove to school with the radio cranked up as loud as my ears could stand it. I sang along to one of my favorite Nine Inch Nails songs. Another day, another town, another high school... but every day was the same. I stayed in the driver’s seat after I parked and waited for the song to end. When I finally forced myself to exit the vehicle, I immediately spotted Summer. She was standing in the parking lot with a blonde girl and two guys.
“Hi, Summer,” I called out, greeting my new friend.
“Hi, Emily!” Summer waved me over. “This is Rusty, Burke, and Delilah.” Summer introduced her three friends as soon as I reached her side. 
I recognized each of them from several classes yesterday. Summer was holding hands with Rusty; a tall, lanky guy with a shock of unruly red hair. He had that free spirited skater look that was so popular. Delilah, a head shorter than Summer, was a petite version of a runway model. Her long blonde hair was styled to perfection, expertly applied make-up, and a funky outfit completed her look. She definitely stood out in this crowd. Burke was the muscular athletic type, a typical high school jock. I’d seen him a hundred times before. He looked sincere though, not the usual smug face I was used to seeing on a jock. From the way he kept looking at Delilah it was obvious he was completely smitten with her. She wasn’t quite as taken with him it seemed.
“Hi, guys, it’s good to meet you,” I greeted them nervously. I wasn’t used to the friendly small town thing. I usually tried to disappear at a school. I was pretty good at it too.
“Emily’s uncle is the new Doc over at the medical center. He works with my mom. I met him yesterday,” she explained to the group and then turned back to face me. “I haven’t met your aunt yet, though.”
“Aunt Rachel is opening a boutique, down the other end of Colorado Ave. I’m headed there after school, to help with the set up of the shop. Lucky me,” I told them. 
“You ski or board?” Burke directed his question to me.
“Neither, but I do want to learn to ski.”
“I’ll teach you. I’ve lived here all my life and started skiing before I was three. It’s easy. I prefer to snow board though. I’ll teach you that too.” He smiled, happy to offer his services. “I already promised Dee I would teach her when the time comes, you could join us,” Burke continued, smiling at Delilah – aka Dee.
It sounded like he was trying to cinch the instructor’s position with her by making it a group thing.
 “I’m Delilah. I moved here last school year and just caught the end of ski season, but didn’t get to try it,” Delilah explained.
“Where did you move from?” I asked her, grateful that I wasn’t the only new girl in school. 
“LA, my parents were tired of the big city thing. This is a really huge change for me. I’m used to malls and clubs and beaches. Where did you live in Canada?” she asked me, seemingly well informed of my back-story already.
“Oh, an incredibly small town there too. So, this is not so different for me,” I lied convincingly. I was awfully good at it. I’d had years of practice.
“I miss the sunny, sunny days. I miss tanning at the beach. I fake bake here just for some good overall color,” Delilah pouted, and any fool could see that Burke was in love with this little fashion diva. He walked over and put his arm around her tiny shoulders.
“Yeah, not much of a tanner, as you can all see,” I laughed at the sight of my pale skin compared to Delilah’s bronzed version, or even Summer’s lightly sun kissed tones.
“Oh you look great,” Summer chimed in, “the pale skin looks good with your dark hair and pale blue eyes. You look a lot like your uncle, same hair, same skin tone...”
“Let’s get to class,” Rusty broke in, clearly bored. He started walking toward the school, pulling Summer along with him.
Later that day, as soon as the bell rang releasing me from the confines of Telluride High School, I sauntered down the length of Colorado Avenue, slowly making my way to the storefront Catherine had rented for her boutique. This little town, surrounded by mountains, has remained little touched by time. The cars and trucks parked along the street were the only blaring evidence of the true year. 
If I squinted my eyes and pretended to see everything in sepia tones, I could be viewing a photograph taken over a hundred years ago. As I passed the New Sheridan Hotel, I tried to picture it as it was on its opening day. The colorful storefronts and many hand painted signs were a refreshing change from the ultra modern world in which we all find ourselves.
My time-warp was broken by the sight of Catherine, standing on the side walk just up-ahead, waving at me. She was sporting a glorious grin, eager to show me the location. She seemed to thrive on our new beginnings.
I worked with Catherine every day after school that week, with James joining us after he finished work. It was during our first night of painting that we discovered the Chinese restaurant across the street. I ran over at six o’clock and picked up some take-out for our dinner. We were immediately hooked and it became a nightly routine. The three of us would sit on the floor, for our Chinese picnic dinner, and talk about our hopes for life in this town. Side by side by side we painted, set up displays, and generally worked our butts off until after midnight every night. It was an absolute asset to us that we needed less sleep and could push our bodies harder than the average person.
Seven days later A Step in Time opened its doors. 


****

chapter two
TIME FOR MAKE BELIEVE

“What do you want to be, Charity?” Catherine repeated her question. I had spaced her out the first time. She was getting angry. I knew this because her original Scottish accent, which was nearly imperceptible to most people, would thicken and reappear whenever she was irritated.
I still couldn’t get over the fact that we’d been in this town for just a few weeks and already I was getting sucked into the “community.” There was a Halloween Parade down the main drag on Saturday, in two days, and then a big Halloween Party later that evening. All my new friends were pushing for my attendance at both. James and Catherine were adding to the pressure so I felt boxed in, forced to comply.
“Oh, just give me one of your dresses from the early eighteen hundreds, one of the ball gowns. I’ll go as English royalty,” I huffed, not happy with the situation. I wanted to stay at home and watch movies, like I always did.
“You’ll look beautiful. How about the cream and gold one? No, the lavender will look gorgeous on you. You are wearing some of the jewels too. I won’t take ‘no’ for an answer,” she cautioned when I started to frown again. “Remember, you stick out less when you go with the flow. Plus, this will be fun for all of us.” Catherine’s eyes pleaded for my approval.
“Okay, Okay, I’ll find a way to be happy about it!” I cried out. “What are you and James going to wear?” I asked, hoping to pull her focus off of the grandiose plan for my attire. I could almost catch sight of it brewing in her brain.
“We are doing the Fifties sock hop thing. I have that marvelous skirt and petticoat. With a fuzzy pink sweater around my shoulders and a scarf to tie back my hair, it will be perfect. James will be the leather-clad greaser. The good girl paired with the bad boy. I love it,” Catherine bubbled over.
I had to admit, with Catherine in charge of costuming, we would look flawless. She had a detailed memory when it came to fashion and style. If she had seen it once it would be duplicated with precision.
“Not too many jewels, what if I get robbed? I don’t want to be responsible for them,” I added, determined to have the last word.
“Nobody will think they’re real anyway.” She smiled.
When Saturday afternoon arrived, Telluride was abuzz. The length of Colorado Avenue was filled with people, and dogs, in costume. I put my foot down, and refused to wear the dress during the day. I stayed in the boutique and went with the Fifties theme of James and Catherine. I wore rolled up jeans with a white t-shirt and a leather jacket. I put my hair in a high pony-tail and tied a scarf around it. That was the extent of my daytime costuming. Catherine was going to torture me with hair and make-up for the party that night.
Summer and Rusty popped into the store around one o’clock and had transformed themselves into anime characters. They looked so cute together. Delilah came in about thirty minutes later with Burke in tow. She was the perfect pixie fairy. Her blonde hair was piled onto her head in an up-do that was supposed to look like she did it in seconds but she had probably spent forever on the style. Burke was simply a soccer player. I’m pretty sure he was wearing his school uniform. They stayed to chat for a few minutes and made me promise, for the third time, that I would be at the party later.
“I’ll be there, I promise. Now go have fun,” I promised, again, as I urged them away.
“It sucks that you have to work here today,” Delilah pouted. I had quickly learned that Delilah loved to pout, and Burke loved to watch her pout. Well, Burke simply loved to watch her.
“Oh, it’s okay. I volunteered so Catherine could go have fun with James. They both work a lot,” I reassured her, and promised yet again that I would see her tonight.

If our goal was trying to blend, we failed miserably. All eyes turned to us as we entered the room. Maybe it was just curiosity over the new residents. But I think it was that we looked as though we had walked out of a time capsule.
James and Catherine wore their authentic Fifties attire. Their outfits outshone any store bought costume. Catherine had pulled her waist length, wavy auburn hair into a pony and James had slicked his back, as was the style of the time. I concluded that every Hollywood costume designer would pale in comparison to Catherine’s skills. 
I dressed as the nobility of England once did. Catherine had insisted on doing my hair, but I had insisted on my normal, minimal make-up. I wore an amethyst necklace and earrings set, that was quite intricate in detail, and amethyst jewels in my hair as well. My dress was empire style, cinched just under the bust line, and flowed straight to the ground. There were no over grown, wedding cake topper, petticoats worn with this style of dress, hence why I chose early and not mid eighteen hundreds. The fabric was the most beautifully embroidered lavender silk. I was sure it had taken Catherine weeks, when she had designed and hand sewn it. I felt proud to be wearing one of her creations.
James and Catherine went straight for the dance floor and I searched the hall for a familiar face. I stood in the corner of the room waiting to spot someone from school, when that odd sensation of being watched washed over me. “Of course you are being watched. You just made a grand entrance,” I whispered to myself as I scanned the room. Within minutes I spotted Summer and the gang. She was waving wildly at me, so I ran over to join them.
“Wow, Emily, you look amazing. That’s like, a real costume,” Summer greeted me during the lull in the music.
“Yeah, Aunt Rachel likes to design period pieces. Did you see them?” I questioned, trying to be heard over the DJ.
“We saw them dancing a second ago. Did she do those too?”
“Yep... I’m thirsty. Know where I can get some water?”
“This way,” fairy Delilah shouted and led me to the refreshment area.
As I followed behind them, I could still feel someone’s eyes burning a hole in my back. I did a quick scan of the room, trying to figure out who was giving me that creepy feeling. I hated being the center of attention. I was entirely too self-conscious to have agreed to attend this party anyway. I wouldn’t be completely at ease again until I was at home, wearing a pair of pajama pants and a tank top. I tried to let go of my wariness and just have fun. After an hour or so it finally worked.
I channeled my inner teenager, and danced. I closed my eyes and gave in to the music. As I danced I sang the lyrics to every song I knew - along with Summer, Rusty, Delilah, and Burke. Toward the end of the evening Delilah let Burke lead her onto the dance floor, for a song with a slow pounding rhythm. Summer and Rusty soon followed.
I moved to a corner, in the shadows again, where I felt most comfortable and where I could observe almost everyone in the hall. I watched the couples hold each other close as the steady beat was pounding in my head. I closed my eyes, imagined myself dancing with someone, and swayed to the music, keeping my lids tightly sealed. I could almost feel hands gently moving up the sides of my arms, to hold my face close. My skin came alive and goose-bumps dotted the entire surface of my skin. I could feel the tears starting to form.
I pushed the memories away.
I opened my eyes as the song came to an end, blinking wildly to rid myself of the tears that threatened to flow. I wanted to go home, I couldn’t be here anymore. I looked around trying to find either Catherine or James but instead found him. A tall, blonde, muscular, masked superhero was standing near the exit, staring at me. There was something oddly familiar about his mouth...
“You look tired,” Catherine’s head popped into my view.
“Yes, I’m ready to go. Are you guys okay to leave now?” I asked trying to look around her.
He wasn’t there anymore.
“Yes, let’s go. Aren’t you glad you came? We had a blast. I’ll go get Jason. He’s talking to some of the staff from the medical center. Everyone is so friendly. Stay here. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay, not going anywhere,” I answered.
As Catherine danced away I spotted him again, our eyes locked, and then he abruptly walked out the door.

For only being in Telluride such a short time, it was amazing how swiftly routine came. Everyone at the bakery, the little markets, and various restaurants we frequented, around town and in Mountain Village, already knew who we were and greeted us so kindly every time we walked in. Almost unconsciously, we had slipped into our roles, as members of this community.
We decided to start our exploring the weekend after Halloween and take a hike along the San Miguel River. Catherine was in heaven. She loved walking along the water’s edge, that’s one of the reasons they’d picked Telluride. We packed lunches and stayed out for hours, exploring all we could, until it was too dark to stay out any longer. I made mental notes of all the places that I wanted to come back to on my own. Hiking without company suited me better. I could push myself farther and try to reach more places than I could with James and Catherine along. They were always so worried that one of us would injure ourselves, and someone from the town might witness it.
I went out on my own the next Saturday, in the late afternoon. Catherine was at the boutique and James was working in his lab at the house. Instead of going back to the river I decided to explore the ski trails that encircled our house.
At first I climbed in the wide open areas that were clearly meant for skiing once the blanket of snow was again spread across the mountain. Then I ventured into the forested areas, thick with trees that reached up into the heavens. The trees blocked out the sun and without its warmth, the cold crept in. The light sweater I had paired with my favorite jeans kept me warm enough though. Cold weather rarely affected me. There was a good chance the jacket tied around my hips would not be needed.
I climbed higher up the side of the mountain, digging my fingers into the earth to help pull myself up the steeper inclines. My nails broke and my hands were gouged by small rocks and twigs along my path. But I pressed on, wanting to lose myself in nature, to disappear into the forest like a woodland creature. As I reached one of the smaller peaks I walked into a clearing and my breath caught in my throat. The view in front of my eyes was extraordinary. The peaks of the tree-covered mountains were spotted with lines and splatters of white snow, all the colors blending together in an ever-changing palate. It was painted by the hand of God.
The fragrance of the mountain was an intricate conglomerate of all things nature. I could smell the sweet dew that clung to the plants in the earth. The soil was pungent, but still pleasant. The fallen leaves, scattered across the mountainside, were in various stages of decay. Each species of tree had its own distinct scent. It was a bouquet like no other. Each component added to the delicate balance that I deeply inhaled.
As the sun started to set, it cast marvelous shadows across the mountainside. I sat down on the damp earth and watched the shadows stretch and play as the sun slowly disappeared. When it was twilight I decided to head back.
Climbing down required a more concentrated effort, to keep from losing my balance. As I made my way down a particularly steep area I became distracted. I thought I saw someone else walking through the trees. I was sure I’d heard twigs breaking in the distance. My foot slipped on loose debris and my careful descent turned into a clumsy fall. 
I started to tumble down the slope. My body was twisting, my limbs flailing, as I tried to control my descent. I reached out, trying to grab onto anything that would stop me. I heard a snap and felt a twinge in my right foot, as I finally came to rest.
“Hey, are you okay over there?” I heard a male voice call out from a distance.
Oh crap, someone had seen me fall. James was going to be so mad. He always lectured me on the importance of being safe. I struggled to find my voice as I sat up and began to assess the situation.
“Fine,” I called out still not looking up to catch sight of where the guy was.
“Stay still, I’m coming to you,” he yelled back.
I examined my hands. They were badly scratched and bleeding. There was nothing to be done for the nails, but the skin I had hope for.
“Heal quicker,” I whispered aloud, wishing I could control my body’s pace. Relief washed over me as the blood stopped flowing and the scratches smoothed over. The ankle was another story, it was broken. I took my boot and sock off, and straightened my ankle out as best as I could. If I didn’t get the bones in their proper places it would heal all wrong and then James would really be annoyed.
I heard scrambling behind me and in one swift motion, I rubbed my hands together and then wiped at my face, trying to remove any traces of blood that might still linger on my skin. Hands clasped my shoulders. I flinched and looked up.
It was now quite dim but my eyes could easily make out the face, the mouth. My lungs took a sharp intake of air. It was him, the blonde Adonis from the dance.
“Wow you really took a tumble there. Try to stay still so I can check for broken bones,” he ordered. “What are you doing out here by yourself?” He leaned in closer unable to see as clearly as I.
I couldn’t answer him, my voice caught in my throat and my body froze the moment his hands started to move across my limbs. He gently squeezed down the length of my arms, starting at my shoulders and continuing to my wrists. Then he grabbed onto my legs, moving from thigh to foot. That is when he finally saw my badly bruised ankle and reached down to cradle my battered foot in his hands.
“It’s broken?” he questioned.
“No, I’m sure it’s just twisted,” I whispered. “I’ll be fine. I’ll be able to walk on it. Just give me a moment to catch my breath.”
He reached out to brush back the hair that was covering my eyes and tucked it behind my ear.
“Where do you live?” he asked.
I pointed toward my house, after my tumble it wasn’t so far away, “That one.”
“What’s your name?”
“Charity,” I uttered in a barely audible whisper.
“Charity?”
“No, um, I really don’t need your charity...” I let my voice trail off, trying to cover up my mistake.
“Oh you don’t?” he laughed. “Well, I must insist on giving it. Your name?” he repeated his question.
“Emily. Emily Johnston.”
“It’s nice to meet you Emily Johnston. I’m Link, Lincoln Knight, to be exact. Do you think you can lean on me so I can help you get home?”
“I can call my uncle, really, you don’t need to bother with me,” I rambled on, but he decided to ignore my protests.
Link wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me up to standing. When he was sure I had gained my balance he instructed me to put my arms around his shoulders. He held onto me with one hand and snatched up my discarded boot with the other.
“Let’s try to walk. Just lean on me,” he encouraged.
“Really this is not necessary. My uncle...”
“Miss Johnston, will you kindly shut your mouth and concentrate on walking? I am helping you. Now, test the ankle, just put a little pressure on it at first,” he ordered, slightly annoyed by my reluctance to accept his assistance.
I gave a little hop. I could already feel my bones fusing back together. I tried to concentrate on walking as though I were truly injured.
“Is this okay?” he breathed into my hair while his body pressed against mine for added support.
I lost all sense of balance. My knees gave way and he had to tighten his grip to keep us both from falling over. This wasn’t helping me concentrate. I couldn’t think while he was touching me. But then again, it did help my act of appearing more injured than I was by now.
“Sorry,” I apologized.
“Careful, take it easy.” Link smiled at me.
We paused in our trek, while I caught my breath and steadied my racing heart. I was right at the dance, there was something strangely familiar about his mouth. I peeked through my eyelashes to get a better look at his face. He had classical good looks, the kind that would always be considered handsome. Thick blonde hair and chocolate brown eyes accented his striking appearance. He flashed me a brilliant smile. Why did I know that smile so well?
“You never answered my question before. What are you doing out here all by yourself?”
“I just like to hike on my own.” I defended my right to be out, all by myself. “It’s peaceful. Until I do something stupid and fall. I’m usually much more careful,” I paused and took a deep breath. “I could ask you the same question,” I challenged him.
“Same as you, except for the falling part,” he said with a smile. “Anyway, I’m not a high school girl,” he continued.
“How do you know I’m in high school?” 
I hated being seventeen.
“I saw you at the Halloween dance. You were hanging out with a group of high school kids so I used my awesome powers of deduction,” he teased.
“You have awesome powers, eh? Lucky you,” I replied, my voice thick with sarcasm.
“They come in handy when I’m rescuing fallen angels,” he paused in thought. “You remind me of somebody. I just can’t put my finger on it.”
“That’s so weird. I was just thinking the same thing about you. I guess we each just have one of those strangely familiar faces,” I offered.
“Familiar, yes, I wouldn’t say strange though. I think it’s a nice face, even if it is a little dirty right now.” 
Link brushed his hand across my forehead and down my nose. My knees buckled again.
“Do you need to sit down?” he asked.
The concern in his eyes made me even more lightheaded and left me unable to speak. I moved my head back and forth, in answer.
“It’s cold out here. Don’t you have a jacket?” he inquired as he searched the ground behind us. 
“I had one tied around my waist. It must have fallen off. I’ll find it tomorrow. Let’s get moving again, we’re almost there.” I shook my head and concentrated on walking with a badly twisted ankle.
We walked the rest of the distance in silence. I put on a good show of being quite injured. Although truthfully, I didn’t want to put any real pressure on my foot until James gave me the clearance to do so. As we reached the driveway of my house, the side door opened and James came out to meet us.
“What happened, my dear?” He sounded concerned, but I knew he was slightly annoyed.
“I fell, like an idiot, and Link helped me out,” I confessed.
“Lincoln Knight,” Link extended his hand in introduction.
“Thank you, Mr. Knight,” James said as he shook Link’s hand. “Don’t you work over at the hardware store?”
“Yes, that’s right. For about a month now. I moved here for the ski season. I move around a lot. You’re new here too. Everyone keeps talking about the new doctor and his family. It’s nice to meet you,” Link chatted with ease.
“It would have been nicer under different circumstances, but I’m glad you were there to help. Thanks, I’ve got it from here. We’ll see you around town.” James thanked Link again and then turned to me. “Well let’s get you inside so I can get a proper look at you.”
Once we were safely indoors and James was sure Link had left the property, the scolding began.
“Charity, how could you be so irresponsible?” James admonished.
“It was just a simple break. I’m sure it’s fine now,” I protested.
“What if it had been more than a simple break? What if the bone had tore through the flesh? This Link boy could have witnessed your skin as it miraculously repaired itself. Then where would we be? We would have to leave this town, my job, this house. You can’t expose us this way. Let’s go to the lab so I can x-ray your foot. I want to make sure the bones have set properly. Hopefully I will not have to re-break them. It’s surely almost fully healed by now.” He shook his head, clearly disappointed in my actions.
“I thought I was completely alone, I swear to you. Next time I will be more careful, I promise. Please don’t be cross with me, James,” I pleaded.
I hated myself for making such a careless mistake.
“Let’s go,” was all he said.
James led the way and I followed, walking gingerly. My foot was still a little sore. It felt like I had stepped on it the wrong way, tingly and prickly. I remembered this feeling from childhood... from before my body began its change... when I was still one hundred percent mortal. But that was a very long time ago.


****

chapter three
PAIN… JUST AN ILLUSION
 
The next day, I was still sulking. I hated the thought of disappointing my family. It was an accident, and in the end both Catherine and James had said they understood and forgave me. But I was finding it difficult to forgive myself. I couldn’t bring myself to leave my room until after she had departed, ashamed to face the woman who had become a mother to me. They were leaving shortly, on their way to a picnic lunch by the river.
After emerging from my self-imposed quarantine, I decided a soak in our spa might relax me and get my mind off the previous day’s events. I changed into my black one-piece and headed to the lower level. Once inside the spa room, I laid my towel on one of the couches and set my robe on a hook. After turning the CD player on and the music up, loud enough to drown my thoughts, I walked over to the glass wall that faced the mountain.
I looked out at the mountainside, to the area where I had taken my tumble the day before. I rested my forehead on the glass and closed my eyes, remembering the feel of his hands on my battered foot. I pictured that dazzling smile and again tried to remember where I had seen it before. I breathed out deeply, my hot breath clouding the glass. It was getting pretty cold outside now that it was the middle of November. I walked away from the glass wall and over to the control panel, turned on the jets, and entered the spa.
Our spa was something to be envied, a luxury that I was glad the architect had seen fit to include in the plans for this house. It was sizeable. Some would classify it as a small pool. The massaging jets and the bubbling water let me think of it only as a spa. The water was half indoors and half outdoors. A quick swim through a small opening underwater led me out into the fresh air. There was steam rising from the surface, where the warmth of the water mixed with the cool mountain air. I inhaled deeply and rested my head on the side of the decking, with only my face out of the water. The rest of my body I kept fully submerged in the warm bubbling liquid.
I closed my eyes and listened to the music, losing myself in the rhythm. Something about this song resonated within me. The line about pain being an illusion really hit home. This was my ultimate truth. I could no longer feel pain the way others did. Physical pain, my body took care of, and mental anguish could be easily blocked out. I had adapted to erase it, even as I watched my bones break and my body bleed. I knew that even when these things happened to me, the next day little to no evidence could be found to support it. It was just an illusion.
My thoughts turned to the past, to my first love. Roger was so handsome in his naval uniform. I could picture him so clearly in my mind, then he was gone, another illusion. I opened my eyes as the song ended and the next one began.
“How are you feeling today?”
“Aaah!” I gave a little startled scream.
“Sorry, I tried the door but nobody answered. Then I heard music coming from around the side of the house. So, I used my awesome powers of deduction and here I am. I didn’t mean to scare you. You were lost in the song. You didn’t hear me. Excellent singing voice by the way,” Link said.
 Then had the nerve to smile at me from the chair where he sat creepily watching me.
“Those powers of yours are no good. Maybe you should deduce that I want to be alone,” I grumbled. Stop smiling at me.
“Being alone didn’t work so well for you yesterday. What if you were to, say... hit your head and slip into the water? There would be nobody here to help you.”
“I’m fine. Why are you here?” I asked.
“I came to give you this,” explained as he held out my jacket, “and to find out how you are doing, to make sure you are okay.”
“I told you, I’m fine. Really. See.” I held my foot up out of the water without thinking.
His eyes locked on the now faint yellowish remains of the deep purple bruises he’d witnessed less than twenty-four hours before. I saw the confusion in his eyes and swiftly submerged my foot, removing it from his eyesight.
“I’m a fast healer,” I offered before he had a chance to ask any questions.
“I’ll say. My powers pale in comparison.”
“It wasn’t nearly as bad as it looked.”
“Apparently.” Link looked at me, stunned.
“Wait here,” I said and then I ducked underwater and swam back to the other side. 
He watched through the glass as I climbed out of the water and picked up my towel. I held my finger up, to tell him to give me a minute, and then I dried off. I removed my long fluffy robe from its hook, put it on, and went out the door to the patio where he still sat in stunned silence.
“Sorry, I’m not being very grateful. I really appreciate you helping me make it home safely last night, and for finding my jacket,” I thanked him as I sat down in the cushioned chair beside him.
He reached for my foot and slowly traced his index finger around the edges of the now barely discernible bruise. What could I say? How could I answer his unasked question? I pulled my foot from his grasp and tucked it under me, to remove it from his sight. We sat in silence, looking at each other, his eyes full of questions, mine full of uncertainty.
“This is a big, fancy house for a small town doctor. Aren’t doctors supposed to be broke when they start out? What is your uncle, like thirty-one or thirty-two?”
“Ja – Jason has family money and he’s twenty-nine. Not that any of this is your business.” I quipped.
“How large is this house?” Link continued, ignoring my tone.
“About eight thousand square feet,” I answered.
“Six, seven mill?”
“Closer to nine.” I don’t know why I so casually answered his questions. I just saw no reason to pretend. Anyone with a computer could find the answers so I gave them readily.
“These are mostly vacation homes for the uber rich. Anyone else out here live year round?” It was less of a direct question and more just his wondering aloud.
“A few.” I had no idea what he was trying to figure out with his questions, or if he was simply curious. “I imagine that by this time next month this whole town will be transformed. I’ve heard it’s a revolving door of people during the ski season.”
“Yeah, that’s what I hear too. I guess we’ll find out soon enough. I’ve been here once before, but that was years ago, when I was like... fourteen I think.”
“So you’re a ski-bum. You move around from town to town and just ski,” I stated.
“Not a ski-bum, just in need of a change. I received an inheritance and decided to travel and ski for a few years. I work, at the hardware store, because I can’t imagine not being a ‘productive member of society.’ My grandfather drilled that into my head from a very young age,” Link’s eyes became distant.
“Is he gone?”
“Grandpa? Yeah, two years now. Mom and Dad died in a crash when I was ten so Grandma and Grandpa raised me. They really did a great job of getting me through that tough time. Then the month after I finished high school, Grandma died. Grandpa was never the same after she passed. He couldn’t seem to live without her. He died twenty months later. So I guess that makes me an orphan now, alone in the world. I miss them terribly, Grandpa the most. Feel sorry for me yet?” He put on a façade of a smile.
“My parents passed away a long time ago too, but Aunt Rachel and Uncle Jason gave me a home. I’m lucky to have them, just as you were lucky to have your grandparents.” I paused, reflecting on our similarities. “I’m sorry they are gone. Is there no one else out there for you?”
“Not family. I ruined a few friendships after Grandpa died. I wouldn’t accept anyone’s help and, in the end, alienated some good people. I’m doing better now. Time heals all wounds, or so they say.”
“Some wounds run deeper than others,” I trailed off.
I had my own gaping wound that I had never allowed to mend. My heart, once full of love, had been ravaged and torn into a million pieces. It was the one wound I could control. Once, stupidly and senselessly, when I felt unable to deal with my loss, I had cut myself in an attempt to end my pain. Those wounds had healed within minutes, without my control, no evidence remained of my trauma. But the loss of Roger, and the wound from that loss, was mine. If I let it heal would there be any trace of him left. I was unmoved in my irrational need to cling to my sorrow. Would my mind erase the memories of Roger, as my body had erased my scars?
Catherine had tried so hard to get me to understand the importance of letting myself heal. She had lost her family, long before we had met. She eventually let go of her sorrow and love had blossomed again, in James. But finding James was a fluke, finding me was a fluke. I never wanted to love again. I wasn’t sure I could mentally recover from another loss. Once was more than I seemed able to bear and time would eventually take everyone away from me, except Catherine and James.
“Where did you go?” Link’s voice roused me from the past.
I had let my mind wander. It was too much. I put my façade up again and blocked out the emotions. 
“I was just thinking about love and loss. It’s a hard thing to live through... losing the ones you love,” I mused.
“How old are you, high school girl?” he asked softly.
“Seventeen. But today, I feel vastly older.”
“Sorry, did I start this depressing conversation? That’s no good. I’ll have to fix that. We should get our minds on something else. Laughter is the best medicine right? How about you and I go to the theater and watch the new comedy that opened? No funny business, just friends,” Link paused, “Can a twenty-two year old guy be friends with a seventeen year old girl?” he asked.
“Almost eighteen,” I interjected. “I really have no idea why I’m doing this, I barely know you, but sure, I’d like that. Why did I just say yes to that?” I truly sounded puzzled by my own decision.
“It’s my powers,” he teased.
“Your awesome powers,” I corrected. “Come inside and wait in the kitchen while I change.”
I led him to the kitchen and ordered him to sit at the counter. I pushed a can of soda and a bag of chips in front of him. “Stay here,” I commanded as I dropped the television remote in his hand.
“Yes ma’am,” he saluted me with a flash of that brilliant smile. 
I paused, as a moment of déjà vu washed over me, then shook my head.
I ran upstairs and locked the door to my suite of rooms, a girl can never be too careful. I jumped in the shower for a world record attempt at speed washing. Then I dried off, dressed in jeans and a sweater, applied my make-up, and blew dry my hair all in record time. I ran downstairs to find Link right where I’d left him, channel surfing.
“That wasn’t too long was it?” I asked, slightly out of breath.
“For a girl, that was astounding.”
“I’d look better if I’d taken longer.”
“You look fine, let’s go. I checked movie times while you were upstairs and the next one starts in forty minutes or so. Together or separate?” Link questioned me, raising his key ring into the air and giving it a jingle.
“Separate. I’ll stop by A Step in Time after the movie’s over. My Aunt Rachel was headed there after she and Jason finished lunch,” I answered, mentally reviewing my words, hoping I had said the correct names.
We exited the side door, out to the driveway, and walked over to our nearly identical SUVs. They were the same make, model, and color, but mine had the newer body style. The differences were only subtle changes.
“Weird... Great minds and all.” I smiled. “I’m going to park by the boutique and then walk over to the theater, okay?”
“I’ll do the same then.” He smiled back and again I was struck by that strangely familiar curve of his mouth.
During the twenty-minute drive from Mountain Village into the town of Telluride, I tried to figure out what had just happened. I allowed a young man, one I had just recently met, to come into my home. And now I was accompanying him to the movies. This wasn’t me. I didn’t do these things. I kept people at a safe distance. I flashed a fake smile and did group activities. This wasn’t safe... was it?
Friends. I concentrated on the word. He had said friends. I could be friends with another lost soul. I could be friends with someone who had experienced similar heartache. I could be friends with Lincoln Knight. Couldn’t I?
We parked our twin vehicles, one in front of the other, on Colorado Avenue and walked to the theater. I pulled out my cell and sent a text to both James’s and Catherine’s phones, to let them know what I was doing.
“Letting your Aunt and Uncle know where you are?” Link asked casually.
“Yeah, when they see my SUV in front of the boutique they’ll wonder where I am.”
“It’s nice to have someone to worry about you.”
“I guess it is,” I agreed.
When the movie was over, Link and I stopped for a coffee and a hot cocoa at the little innuendo-named bookstore. We had an easy banter with each other, and kept the conversation centered on the movie, staying away from anything personal.
Afterwards, I headed straight to A Step in Time.
“Aunt Rachel,” I called out as I used my key to enter the boutique. It was a Sunday evening, we were closed, so I was pretty sure she’d be alone. She liked to go in when James was working. “Catherine,” I called out next when I didn’t hear a response.
I went into the back room to find her intently bent over her drawing pad. Her chalks and pencils were scattered across the table. She was so absolutely absorbed in her drawing that she didn’t hear me enter.
“Well who are you today? I tried both Rachel and Catherine and didn’t get a response to either,” I teased.
“Still Rachel, always Catherine.” She smiled at me. “So, I got your message. Sorry I didn’t send one back, you know how I hate texting and email. It’s such an impersonal way to communicate. Cell phones I can deal with, so I can hear your voice and judge your temperament. I was just leaving James when our phones went off. He said that Lincoln gave an excellent first impression. Did you have a good time?”
“The movie was good, not as funny as I’d hoped. I just don’t get comedy these days,” I confessed. “It’s strange, Catherine, there is something so familiar about Link. It is easy to be around him. He is irritating and calming all at the same time. Is that weird?”
“Not weird,” she answered. “James irritates me and calms me on a daily basis.”
“Friends, we are going to be friends, Catherine,” I stressed the words to her.
“That’s all you should be dear, you just met the boy.” Catherine smiled.
“The twenty-two year old boy,” I stated.
“That’s still a boy to you and me,” she replied.
“Yes, you are right about that,” I agreed. 


****

chapter four
FALLING
 
“We shouldn’t invite her, all the trails aren’t open yet,” Rusty whispered to Summer.
“I bet she could handle it, you and Burke could teach her the basics in an hour,” Summer whispered back.
“No babe, I don’t want to deal with a newbie falling down. Let’s wait until they open up Lift One, Meadows is the easiest green. She should start there. We can go by ourselves and do the blues,” Rusty pleaded with Summer. “I don’t think they’ve opened any blacks yet,” he thought out loud, making a mental list of all the trails that were sure to be open. “But I’ll take whatever I can get.”
“We’ll talk about it after class, Rusty. Mrs. Beech is looking this way,” Summer warned.
We were in History class, watching a film on prohibition. Rusty and Summer sat in the back row debating whether or not to invite me to go skiing with them. I didn’t understand the entire lingo yet but I knew green trails were easiest, blue got harder, and black was a death wish for a beginner. It was the week after Thanksgiving and the day after our first heavy snowfall. Most of the mountainside was covered with a smooth, even blanket of fresh powder. But it wasn’t enough, apparently, because ski season was supposed to have opened on Thanksgiving day and the locals were getting anxious.
I listened to their exchange from the front row. That was one of the disadvantages of entering the school in October – you just had to take whatever desk was open. In History, all the back seats were taken, with Rusty and Summer back and center. Burke and Delilah sat directly in front of them.
I wondered if Burke was going to teach Delilah this weekend.
When the lights came on and everyone got up to make their way to the school wide assembly, I went over to them.
“Hey, don’t worry about it, guys. I can’t go this weekend anyway. Aunt Rachel wants an extra pair of hands in the shop. So, I’ll be working all day on Saturday.” I tried to smooth over the argument that I felt was brewing between Summer and Rusty.
“Oh, you heard us. Are you sure you don’t want to come?” Summer asked.
“I’m sure. You guys have fun on the blues,” I said, trying to sound like I knew what I was talking about.
“See babe, no big deal. We’ll take the gondola over Saturday morning,” Rusty said with a sigh of relief. He put his arm around Summer’s shoulders and they walked on in front of me.
Delilah and Burke followed right behind them. They were officially a couple now. Burke reached over and took hold of Delilah’s tiny hand with his full size one, as we all walked down the hallway.
“How did she hear us?” Summer whispered to Rusty. “We were in the back row and the movie was playing and everything.”
“Who knows, you’re loud sometimes babe,” Rusty answered.
“No way,” whispered Delilah “I could barely hear you and I was right in front of you.”
“You were probably lost in your tabloid trash mag again and I admit it,” Burke yawned, “I was sleeping!”
Oh crap! I did it again. I knew I could hear things at a greater distance than the average person. I was always forgetting to gauge the situation and decide if I should have been able hear a conversation or not.
All of my senses operated on different levels than everyone else’s. The traditional senses were all heightened: sight, sound, touch, smell and taste. The other six, little mentioned senses, were varied. I had a heightened sense of time and direction. I rarely needed to look at a clock and I always knew exactly where I was, which came in handy when I went exploring. My equilibrium and joint motion were completely average, hence falling and breaking my ankle. My sense of pain and sensitivity to temperature were both dulled. I knew when I should feel pain and was aware when I should be too hot or too cold, but it rarely affected me. A broken ankle felt like a slightly twisted foot. A cold day required a light jacket and my body didn’t pour sweat when it was hot. I shared most of these traits with James and Catherine.
“So... It’s the first weekend the ski lifts are running. I’m sure you guys will have so much fun on the slopes.” I smiled at the group as we sat down in the back row of the auditorium and waited for the assembly to begin.
“I’m not going yet,” Delilah chimed in. “Not until they open up Meadows. Rusty always says that’s the easiest one.”
“I’ll help you Dee, you can trust me. There’s always a green run open,” Burke pleaded, trying to convince her.
“No way bucko,” Delilah answered, unconvinced.
“My board needs some action.” Rusty was almost giddy.
“Mine’s trashed, time for a new one” Burke said.
I tuned them out as they continued on with their talk of snowboarding. My thoughts turned to Link. Our “friendship” had stalled. I hadn’t heard from him since a brief phone call a few days after our movie outing. He wanted to let me know he was leaving town for Thanksgiving. He promised he would call me as soon as he returned. I couldn’t help but wonder where he’d gone and was confused by my need to see his face again. I could count the number of times I had spoken to him on one hand. Why did I form this strange attachment to him so soon?
I needed to get my mind off of Link. As soon as school was over, I planned to visit James over at the medical center. With his work schedule and my school schedule, I just didn’t get to spend as much time with him as I liked. I decided I would stop by the Chinese restaurant first and order some Orange Chicken to go. It was James’s favorite.
Later that day, as I waited in the restaurant’s alcove that faced the street, I looked across the way at A Step in Time. Catherine stood, just across the road, fussing with an outfit on a mannequin. She pulled at the skirt and readjusted the belt, striving for perfection. I told the guy behind the bar that I’d be right back and exited the restaurant.
“Aunt Rachel,” I called out as I carefully made my way across Colorado Avenue. There was a combination of slush, ice, and snow that formed a line and trimmed each side of the road.
“Hi, Emily, how was school?” Catherine was always so good at assimilating into our roles.
“Oh, fine, I guess. I’m getting Uncle Jason some Orange Chicken do you want me to get you anything before I head over to the medical center?”
“No, I’m good. Give him my love and ask him to show you what he’s been working on in the lab lately... if the opportunity arises. It’s very interesting,” Catherine sounded cryptic.
“Okay,” I answered, a little confused but would definitely ask now that my curiosity was piqued. “See you at home in a few hours.” I waved goodbye and made my way back across the street to pick up the food.
When I arrived at the medical center I found James in his office, filling out paperwork. He probably spent just as much time doing that for as he did actual doctoring.
“Hi, Uncle Jason.” I smiled at him as I entered the room.
“Hello, Emily. I smell something good.” His face brightened as the sweet, spicy aroma of the Orange Chicken reached his nose.
“Favorite dish for my favorite uncle,” I sang as I held up the bag from the restaurant.
“Gee, thanks,” he said with a smile.
“So, I bet the good bone breaks are just around the corner. I heard at school that they’re finally opening the lifts this weekend. Betcha can’t wait for some action,” I teased.
“I never wish hurt upon anyone. I’m just glad that I am able to help when I am needed,” James responded, a little too seriously.
I had just been kidding and stammered, “I-I know, I-I didn’t mean that you ...” I was interrupted by Mrs. Paxton.
“Dr. Johnston, I just brought Sammy Tyler and his parents into Room One. He fell down the steps outside his home and landed on a broken bottle. The cut is pretty deep, it’ll need a few stitches,” she informed him.
“Thank you, Sheila. I’ll be there in just a moment,” he answered her and she hurried away. “Emily, come with me. I’m sure the Tyler’s won’t mind if you observe.”
We walked back to Room One where Mr. and Mrs. Tyler were sitting. Mrs. Tyler held little Sammy on her lap. His arm was wrapped in blood soaked gauze. His dirty, tear-streaked face showed the pain this little boy was truly in. His parents’ faces were filled with anxiety and fear. But their tension visibly eased when James smiled at them. He had such confidence, and a way of silently reassuring those around him.
After introducing himself, and explaining my presence to Mr. and Mrs. Tyler, James turned his attention to little Sammy.
“Sammy, looks like you’ve got a huge owie there. I’m going to take a peek at it. But don’t worry, you can stay with Mommy while I do it. All I want to do is take that big white band-aid off your arm. Is that okay with you?” James looked directly in Sammy’s eyes as he spoke. His mannerisms almost immediately brought calm. I had never seen it duplicated by any other person.
“‘S’not a ban-aid, see cod it gaaz,” Sammy sniffled and pointed to see, Nurse Paxton.
“Well, you are so right, it is gauze. Let’s take off the gauze. You hold your arm real still and I’ll be very careful.”
“K,” Sammy looked into James’s eyes, no longer afraid.
James leaned over and gently pulled the stained gauze from the gaping wound. I took a silent intake of breath as I stared at the three-inch long gash in this tiny boy’s forearm. The edges of the wound were farther apart than they should be. I knew, from years of watching James in action, it meant meticulous stitches would be needed and not just the staples that could so easily close smaller wounds.
“Mr. and Mrs. Tyler this is going to need quite a few stitches. I’ve found from experience that sometimes it is easier for a child if the parents are not around. You see, at times, a parent’s anxiety can transfer to the child. If it is alright with little Sammy here, I’d like to finish fixing his arm while you two finish your paperwork,” James turned to Sammy urging compliance with his eyes.
Sammy’s parents’ eyes opened wider. I could immediately perceive their fierce disapproval of James’s plan. They wanted to stay with their son. But before they could open their mouths to protest, a little voice broke through the silent tension.
“‘S’okay, Mommy. You go an be back soon,” Sammy stated with a calm smile.
The Tylers still looked completely unsure of this plan but Sheila Paxton tried to reassure them.
“I know you are apprehensive, but I gotta tell you that Dr. Johnston is the best I’ve seen. As you well know, I’ve been here almost fifteen years and he’s the best. Just come on now. If Sammy wants you back sooner, then Emily here will come get you. Won’t you, Emily?”
“Right away, I promise,” I answered with sincerity.
The Tylers left and James turned his attention to Sammy.
“I’m going to wipe your cut with a red medicine that will take away the pain and help me fix it,” James said.
Sammy just nodded his little head, his eyes still held no fear. James took a chain out from under his shirt that held two keys. The first key opened a locked drawer, from which he extracted a small metal box. The second key unlocked the box. From inside the box he removed a two-inch square, sealed packet that resembled an antiseptic wipe. I knew exactly what it was the second he tore open the packet. I could immediately smell the blood, James’s blood, mixed with something else. I couldn’t make out the other aromas that fused with the distinct fragrance of James’s unique blood.
“Now turn your head Sammy this will hurt less if you don’t look while I am doing it,” James instructed the boy.
He took the wipe and gently worked it up and down the length of the cut. Sammy took an audible gulp of air as his open skin registered the pressure. But his shoulders soon relaxed and his face remained calm as the substance being wiped on his arm severely dulled his sense of pain. I watched in a stupor as the edges of the wound grew closer together. James opened another wipe and again rubbed the gash. The edges came even closer. By the end of the third application there was a dark pink line of a scar where just a few minutes before existed a tragic injury to this little child.
“All done Sammy, you are the bravest boy I have ever met!” James praised, as he wrapped the arm snugly with fresh gauze and taped the edges shut. “No more falling, okay?”
“K,” Sammy solemnly promised.
When his parents came back in the room, Sammy was all smiles. He ran to hug his mom first and then his dad, who scooped him up into his arms.
“Keep the dressing clean and dry for a week. If you feel it needs changing before that time then please bring him in to see me and I will change it. I used self-dissolving stitches that will disappear into the skin. He should be all healed up by the time you remove the bandage,” James instructed them.
The Mr. and Mrs. Tyler thanked James and left to take Sammy home. He was in desperate need of a bed. The poor little guy had passed out on his father’s shoulder within moments of being picked up.
“So, that’s what Catherine wanted me to see,” I whispered to James when we were back in his office with the door securely closed behind us.
“She mentioned that to you?” James questioned.
“No, she just mentioned that I should ask you to show me what you were working on. What was mixed with your blood? I couldn’t place the scent.”
“Oh, a number of things. I’ve been working for some time to find a solution that would effectively combine with my blood without completely diluting its healing powers. I’ve tried various chemicals and elements in nature. Some solutions wouldn’t mix, the blood would separate. Some were too thick and pasty and when diluted were useless. I think this one is pretty good. It only took three applications for the wound to heal. I’d like to lessen the dosage.” James’s face came alive, his mind already planning his next full day in the lab at home.
I’d never tried to heal anyone with my blood. Catherine had done it a few times, but clearly James was the one with a passion for it. He was pretty sure my blood would work similarly to the way his did. But I was unwilling to try. The one time I had used a knife to pierce through my skin, to draw blood, was the one time I had given up all will to live. I was still ashamed that I had done such a selfish and foolish thing. The memories of the events leading up to that moment still haunted me. I shook my head to push the memories away, banished into the corners again.
I left James to his work and walked out to the parking lot. I needed to go home. I had a math test to study for.
The SUV chirped as I pushed the button on my keypad to unlock the doors. A second chirp echoed the first, and I scanned the parking lot in anticipation. There it was, Link’s doppelganger of a vehicle, and there he was, waving. I ran over to where he stood, forgetting the recent weather change. My shoe caught a slick patch of ice, and there I was... falling. 


****

chapter five
SOMETHING NEW
 
“Gotcha,” Link exclaimed as he reached out to grab me before I hit the ground.
“Thanks, I so didn’t notice that ice patch,” I breathed with a grimaced as I steadied myself. “When did you get back?”
“Yesterday.”
“Where did you go?”
“I drove down into Mexico. I don’t do well with holidays. There’s no Thanksgiving there.”
“Too many Memories?”
“Yeah, I just didn’t want to smell roast turkey and mashed potatoes and then be reminded of family dinners,” he admitted.
“You’ll have to start making new ones that’s all. You could have had dinner with us. Friends make good holiday partners too. We are still going to be friends, aren’t we?” I questioned. His sudden absence had caused me to wonder.
“Yes, we are. If you still want to be. On the other hand, I am kinda old to be hanging out with a little girl like you.”
“Get over it. I’ll get you a cane so you don’t hurt yourself, old man,” I kidded him. “In about two months I’ll officially be an adult. Will you feel better then? You could just avoid me until February.”
“I’m not sure I could do that,” Link looked at me, his expression sober.
“I don’t think I would like it much either,” I admitted.
“What should we do?”
“I’m not sure.”
“How about skiing? Friends ski. The trails will be open in a few days. Ski with me,” he brightened.
“Can’t ski. Some kids from school are going this weekend, but I bowed out. I didn’t want to spoil their fun.”
“You – can’t – ski?” Link emphasized each word as he spoke.
“Nope,” I said.
“That’s a travesty.”
“What should we do?”
“I’m teaching you. You, me, base of lift four, Saturday, nine o’clock sharp,” he ordered.
“We could wait until Meadows is open. Everyone keeps saying that’s the easiest green,” I offered.
“Nonsense, Village Bypass is a green. So is Lower Boomerang,” he paused as I stared at him, completely lost in his ski trail name rattling. 
“I’ll show you a trail map later,” he responded to my confused look, and then teased, “I won’t let you tumble down the mountainside.”
Link flashed his brilliant smile.
“No, I can take care of the tumbling part all by myself, I’m quite sure.” I grimaced at how easily I could picture myself tumbling head over heels down an embankment of snow. “But seriously, Link, I have no gear. I told Aunt Rachel I could be at the boutique with her on Saturday. I’m not prepared. Let’s wait.”
“Ask her for a pass. And, gear is not a problem. I’ve seen how you live. Remember? I’m sure you’ve got a credit card somewhere, with an enormously high limit. Believe it or not, despite my male status, I’m an excellent shopper – very patient. In fact, if there is one thing that Telluride is not lacking in, it’s ski shops. Let’s go.” He held out his arm and I reached out to lock elbows with him.
We walked just a few yards, arm in arm, to the nearest ski shop. Both of us had identical silly grins on our faces as we walked through the door.
I tried on so many pairs of boots (I stopped counting after four), before I found a pair that was comfortable (if you can call ski boots that), pretty (blue – my favorite color), and had all the features that Link insisted were necessary. The skis were an easier find. Once I was shown the selection of skis that were suitable for my height? weight? or was it skiing ability (zero)? – I don’t remember what they were checking for. I chose the prettiest ones in the shop, blue again (with floral accents). Link rolled his eyes at me.
Next we moved on to clothes. Link sat patiently while I tried on various ski pants and jacket combinations. His face was pretty transparent when he didn’t like an outfit. A slight frown would tug at the corners of his mouth, even while the words “it looks fine,” came out of his mouth. I got that brilliant smile when I emerged from the changing room in tight fitting, black ski pants and a light blue, cropped jacket.
“Nice threads, huh,” I said to him.
“Very nice threads,” he echoed my words.
Link added hats, scarves, gloves, goggles, hand warmers, and socks to the pile. I marveled at the amount of gear required in this sport. Finally we brought the entire load up to the counter and I waited for the painful total.
“My aunt and uncle are going to flip when they see that charge.” I cringed in shock as we headed back to the vehicles. A piece here, and a thing there, added up really fast.
“You needed this for school too, right?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“I’m sure they’ll be fine. This stuff will last for years. You’ll get good use out of it. I’ll see to that,” he promised and his smile reached all the way to his eyes.
“I’m glad you ski, everyone at school seems to snow board.”
“Grandpa skied, he took me every winter. He taught my mom to ski when she was a little girl. We all skied together when I was very young - Grandpa, my parents, and me. Then after my parents died it was just the two of us. Grandma always said her legs were not built for skis. But she enjoyed the snow. So the three of us went to Mammoth Mountain two or three times every season.” Link smiled at the memory. It was a small sad smile.
“Thank you for sharing this with me then. It’s good that you are still honoring their memory this way. If your Grandpa loved it so much, he’d want you to continue doing it. Don’t you think?”
“That’s why I’m a so called ski bum. It makes me feel closer to him when I’m racing down a mountain.”
“Can we just meander down the mountain this weekend and save the racing for later?” I smirked at him.
“I’ll do my best,” Link promised as we packed all my new gear into the back of the SUV.
“See you Saturday, nine o’clock sharp,” I promised out the window after I climbed into the driver’s seat.
“I’ll pick you up instead. I think you’ll need some help with all that stuff,” he said, altering his original plan.
“I think you are right,” I agreed.

A huge snowstorm blew in that night, dumping snow for two days straight. When I awoke Saturday morning, apprehension rolled around in my stomach. It created a ball of nervous knots. I didn’t want to make a fool of myself. I imagined myself falling five, ten, fifteen times during my first run. I cleared my head, determined to control my silly fears. I could do this. My cell phone started buzzing around the bathroom counter, and I jumped. It was my habit to always keep it on vibrate mode.
“Hello,” I answered it without checking the screen.
“Hey, Emily. It’s Summer.” She sounded excited.
“Oh. Hi, Summer. What’s up?”
“Well, I just found out that there was enough snow from this last storm to open Meadows. So now you can go with us,” she exclaimed.
“Oh, well, actually I can’t...” I started.
“No, really, you can. I already told Rusty I was calling you. Burke convinced Dee to let him teach her to board. So, we can all go together,” she burst through before I had a chance to complete my sentence.
“Well, what I was trying to say is - I already made plans to learn to ski. Lincoln Knight, who works at the hardware store, offered to teach me. I kinda wanted to ski instead of board anyway. I hope you’re okay with that.”
“Lincoln Knight? From the hardware store? Oh my God! That’s the hot guy that just started working there a couple of months ago. How did you meet him?” she squealed into the phone.
“Long story,” I said.
“How old is he?”
“Twenty-Two... We are just friends. He wants to teach me to ski. It’s no big deal,” I explained.
“I can’t wait to tell Delilah. See you on the slopes,” Summer sang as she hung up the phone. She was dying to spread the gossip.
I shook my head as I exited the bathroom, and decided it was time to get myself ready for the day. I struggled to get all my new ski gear together. The tall socks, ski pants, and long sleeve shirt I put on in my room. I left my boots, skis, poles, jacket, goggles, and knit cap by the side door. I slipped my sheepskin boots on my feet and waited for Link. He arrived at nine o’clock sharp, just as promised. 
 “Hello, Mr. Knight,” I greeted him, opening the door before he knocked.
“Well hello, Miss Johnston. You’re looking a bit apprehensive this morning. Are you ready?”
“I don’t think I have quite enough gear over there,” I replied, using sarcasm to cover my nerves.
“Oh? Looks like the right amount to me.” He smiled that brilliant smile again and my heart skipped a beat, maybe two. “As soon as lift ten is open you can use Galloping Goose to ski right out of here and then you won’t have to lug this gear anywhere.”
“That sounds perfect, let’s wait for that,” I suggested.
“Come on, little girl, let’s go,” he said as he picked up my skis and boots and headed to his SUV.
I picked up the rest of my stuff and followed him to the back of the vehicle. “Keep me upright, Big Daddy,” I ordered.
“I’ll do my best,” he promised.
Link said he knew a guy who worked at one of the resorts that was walking distance to the lifts. The guy let him park in the resort’s underground garage. So that was our destination, instead of the public parking areas. We spent the short drive to the parking garage in relative silence. I was praying I would not break any more of my bones in front of Link. I was pretty covered up so cuts and scratches were not on my worry list.
We parked, got out of the vehicle, and I put the goggles over the cap on my head. I slid my arms into my jacket, leaving it open in the front, and worked my hands into the gloves. Next came the hard part, the boots. I sat back down on the passenger seat and slipped my feet out of my comfy boots. I looked at the armor coated, hard plastic, ski boots with distaste as Link brought them over to me. He helped me work my feet into them and then loosely did all the clasps.
Then it was his turn, and he was done in mere seconds it seemed. “Amateur,” I silently scolded myself. He grabbed his skis and poles and then reached for mine as well.
“I can carry them,” I protested.
“So can I, and we will get there faster if I do. So, let’s go. Follow me,” he ordered.
I followed him, taking slow, awkward, heel-toe steps, which were all that was possible with these constraints on my feet. My self-consciousness was short lived, as I noticed everyone else was doing the same funny little dance of a walk. “Don’t fall,” I whispered.
Our first stop was to get lift tickets. I bought a Junior Season Pass, pulling out my driver’s license to show that I was, indeed, seventeen. The Adult Season Pass was more than triple the price – poor Link. Okay, maybe being a kid wasn’t so bad in this situation. We walked over to the cameras and posed for our pictures. As soon as the passes were printed they each went on a cord, and then around our necks.
From there we had to walk up a small hill to the top of Meadows. The entrance to Meadows frightened me. I warily looked down at a small slope that immediately got quite narrow as it went under a bridge. How was I going to make it through that on skis?
“We are going to walk down this part and put our skis on when we get through. Walk with your feet sideways. It will be easier, I promise,” Link explained and I breathed a sigh of relief.
“Lead on,” I responded.
As soon as we were out from under the little bridge the vast expanse of the Meadows came into view. It was very wide, very open, and I could distinguish that some parts were obviously flatter than others. Up until that moment, I had imagined it would be skis on, straight down, and don’t fall. But this was different. I had hope.
We walked over to the side, to keep out of the oncoming traffic, and Link began with a basic lesson, “This is what they tell kids – make a pizza slice with your skis and you will go slower - make fries with them and you will go faster. Don’t let your skis cross or you will fall, straight down. So if you are going to make a pizza or ‘plow’ as I call it, keep the tip of your skis slightly apart. And don’t look down, you’ll lose your balance.”
“How am I supposed to keep my skis from crossing if I never look down?” I complained.
“Brief glances, that’s all. To turn, you put pressure on the opposite foot of the way you want to go. Pressure on the ball of your right foot turns you left. Pressure on your left foot will turn you right. Never head into the tree line. Serious injury will occur. For now just plow hard to stop,” he said, finishing my very brief lesson.
He was trying to hurry this along. I could tell. I, on the other hand, was doing the opposite.
“That’s a lot of info. What if I forget something? Maybe you should go over it again.”
“I’ll stay right beside you. You’ll be fine. Trust me.” He flashed that smile at me and I could protest no longer.
Link helped me tighten my boots and get my skis on. When we were both fully geared up and ready to go he pointed to the right.
“That is a slower off-shoot of Meadows called The Peaks. It is extremely tame. We’ll start there.”
And off we went.
Weirdly, I found it nowhere near as hard as I had imagined. Link sped up just a tiny bit so he could turn around and ski backwards right in front of me. Showoff! As we made our way down the slope Link would shout out little instructions. “Straighten your left ski a little,” or “Press down on your right foot we are coming toward a curve,” and “Keep the skis straight for a minute we need to build up a little speed here.” The instructions kept coming and before I knew it The Peaks had joined Meadows and we were soon at the bottom of the hill.
We got in line for the ski lift, our passes were scanned, and I shuffled and maneuvered my way to the lift. It was a weird sensation, sitting and being lifted up all at the same time. My feet, heavy with boots and skis, dangled in the air. I gazed out at our surroundings and watched all the other skiers below us. You could see them whizzing down, falling down, and gliding down the hill. I was extremely proud of myself for making it, without the falling down part.
“Get ready, we’re coming to the end,” Link said.
“Oh no, what do I do?” I turned to him with panic filled eyes. I hadn’t anticipated the getting off part.
“Just keep your skis straight and stand up when your feet are firmly on the ground.”
I looked at him with little confidence. “Okay,” I squeaked. I watched the people in front of us, determined to copy their movements. My skis hit the snow and I stood up. I started to slide forward, but my feet wouldn’t move the way I wanted them to. I looked down, saw that my skis were crossed, I lost my balance, and then I fell. An alarm sounded behind me as the ski lift came to a halt. Link reached out his hand to pull me up.
When he was sure I was steady he grabbed my poles out of the snow and whispered in my ear, “It’s okay, everyone falls down sometime.”
“I thought I was doing so well,” I whined.
“You are, you’re doing amazing.” He smiled.
I managed to move out of the way, thanks to Link, and the lift re-started. My cheeks were burning. I was mortified. My humiliation deepened when I looked up and noticed Summer and Rusty waving at me, a laughing smile played on their lips.
“Told ya she’d be falling down,” Rusty whispered to Summer while keeping his eyes on me as he continued to smile and wave.
“Shut up, they’re coming this way,” she hissed back at him.
Sometimes I really wished my hearing wasn’t so sharp. I smiled and waved in return. Then we made our way over to where they stood, with one boot on their boards, one in the snow.
“Hey, guys, pretty smooth huh? Are Burke and Delilah with you?” I directed my question to Summer, too self-conscious from my fall to look Rusty in the eyes. His expression still screamed, I told you so.
“They’re down there somewhere. We decided to do a couple of runs with them and then we’ll head over to lift four. Dee’s having a pretty hard time of it,” Summer answered me but kept staring at Link.
“Sorry... Manners... Summer, Rusty, this is Link. Link... Summer and Rusty.” I hurried through the introductions.
“Hey,” they both chimed at the same time.
“Nice to meet you.” Link smiled.
“You guys go on ahead, we’ll start in a sec,” I urged, not wanting an audience for my next screw-up.
“Okay, see ya at the bottom,” Summer waved goodbye and caught up to Rusty who had disappeared in a flash the second I’d dismissed them.
As soon as they were out of sight, through the narrow entrance, Link grasped my shoulders, “We’re going through that entrance. Just watch your speed like I showed you. We’re not going to do The Peaks this time, just Meadows. If you feel like you are going way too fast then turn and head back up the hill. That’ll bring you to a stop. Remember, I am with you.” He squeezed my shoulders and flashed me my smile.
“Okay, thanks for the pep talk. I’m feeling brave. Let’s do it.” I smiled back a little more confident now.
I dug my poles into the snow, pushed off, and skied through the narrow entrance. I plowed my way to a stop as soon as we came to a flat part. My face glowed in excitement. I did it. It wasn’t so hard. It was actually a little thrilling.
Link squeezed my arm. “That was pretty darn good.” 
“Thanks, let’s keep going.”
We pushed off again and this time I was eager. The wind ripped through my hair and bellowed in my ears as I picked up some speed. Link came up from behind me, fast. He turned in front of me, circled around me, and then passed by me as I steadily headed downhill.
“Showoff,” I yelled as he turned his head and flashed a smug grin.
When we reached the bottom, I caught sight of the guys from school, and plowed to a stop in front of them. Delilah was sitting down in the snow, openly displaying one of her pouts.
“I’ve spent more time on my butt than on my feet. This butt is too cute to be abused this way,” she glowered at Burke.
“You’re absolutely right, Babe, but this was just your first run. It’ll get better. Give it some time.” Burke gave her a wary smile, hopeful.
“You,” she pointed at me, “how many times did you fall?”
“One,” I said.
“How many runs?” She demanded.
“Two,” I answered timidly, frightened by her expression.
“Eight times, one run,” she snapped.
I glanced over at Summer and Rusty in time to watch them turn their heads and do a poor job of trying to cover their smiling faces. They were truly amused by Delilah’s absolute frustration.
“But I’m skiing and you’re boarding. Don’t compare the two,” I offered, hoping she would agree.
“Come on, Dee.” Burke reached down to help her. She accepted his hand and, still pouting, he plucked her up out of the snow. Burke pulled her into his arms, enveloping her tiny frame in his immense hug. I watched as her expression changed from a disappointed pout to a contented smile as she buried herself in Burke’s embrace. He leaned down to kiss the top of her head and her smile widened.
“Jeez, let’s go!” Rusty exclaimed.
My second shuffle to the chair lift went much smoother. I glanced down below and wondered what a fall from such a height would do to a person. If someone were to lean just a little too far forward they would plummet to the ground. I secretly smiled at the thought of jumping down, landing all twisted and injured, and then walking into school on Monday as if nothing had happened. The shock value alone, to witness the confused horror plastered on the faces of the students and faculty, was tempting. But I knew I could never pull such a stunt. Even though it wouldn’t permanently hurt me, it would still hurt – and not just me physically, but everyone else emotionally. I pushed the thought out of my mind and watched all the empty seats pass by, making their way down to the waiting skiers. We passed an enclosed capsule with a man inside. He was scanning the slopes below.
“What’s that?” I asked Link.
“A gondola,” he answered, surprised by the question.
“Okay, Captain Obvious. I knew that. I guess I should have asked, what is it doing on the lift?”
“It’s for transporting the non-skiers, people meeting others at the restaurant down there, hikers in the summer, whatever,” he looked at me. “Have you been on any of the gondolas yet?”
“Actually, no.”
“How is that possible? You’ve been in town for almost two months,” he was clearly shocked by my admission.
“So take me,” I challenged him.
“Oh, I will,” he smirked.
We got off the lift and I stayed upright. Yay! During the next two runs I only fell one more time. My skis crossed again, this time halfway down Meadows. One ski came off, poles went flying, and snow invaded my gloves as I attempted to break my fall. I got up, brushed myself off, and with considerable help from Link, was soon on my way down again. At the end of that second run, Summer suggested lunch. We all agreed. At this point in the day, food was necessary. Skiing was strenuous work.
It felt marvelous to unbuckle the ski boots and more freely move my ankles. Sadly, the heel-toe shuffle was still necessary as we made our way into the restaurant at the base of Meadows. I shuffled in line between Link and Summer. She pushed her elbow into my side, and when I glanced at her she was sporting a cheesy grin. She wanted info. I mouthed, “Later,” at her and turned to the guy behind the counter to order a bread bowl filled with beef stew. The aroma of the warm stew made my body realize how ravenous I really was. My stomach grumbled, loudly, and Link looked at me.
“Hungry?” he asked.
“Famished,” I answered.
We all sat down at one of the empty tables and I examined our little group. Delilah and Burke were leaning in toward each other. She was giggling at something he had just said. Rusty had one hand on Summer’s leg as he stuffed fries in his mouth with the other. Link sat next to me, silently eating. I wondered if he felt strange, sitting at this table with a bunch of teenagers. Why was he here? Why did I want him here so badly?
After lunch, Delilah proclaimed she was finished boarding for the day. Burke accepted defeat, and said he would take her home. Summer and Rusty said they were going over to lift four. They were tired of Meadows and wanted something faster and more challenging. Link and I said we were going to stay. I waved goodbye to everyone and Summer mouthed, “Call me,” as she left.
I sighed, happy to be alone with Link again. We spent the next few hours improving on my new skill. I loved skiing with him. He was an ideal teacher and with his patient instructions, I felt myself getting better with each run. My stops were a little cleaner and my turns a little smoother by the end of the day. Exhaustion started to take over just as the lifts were about to close. We took our skis off, loosened our boots, and made our way to the parking garage.
When we reached his vehicle I completely de-geared, which seemed to go a lot faster than the gearing up did. My feet were in heaven as I removed my armored boots and slipped them into my soft sheepskin ones. I wiggled my toes, “Wow! That feels amazing,” I said as I stretched my arms behind my head, lengthening myself in the passenger seat.
Link smiled at me as he entered the vehicle. “Did you enjoy yourself?” he asked.
“Very much,” I yawned as a day’s worth of hard exercise caught up with my now still body. “Thank you, you were the perfect teacher.” I smiled in return.
“I’ve got powers,” he teased.
“Awesome powers,” I agreed.
“I’m glad you liked it. Does that mean you’ll ski with me again?” he asked, uncertainty present in his voice.
“Does that mean you’d really want to spend another day babysitting me on the slopes? Wouldn’t you rather ski at your own level? I’m holding you back,” I worried.
“I can ski the harder stuff on my days off and during the week when you are in school. I’m getting a kick out of watching you,” he said with a laugh.
“Well I’m glad to be the source of your amusement,” I sulked, suddenly worried about being laughed at.
“That’s not what I meant,” he corrected me. “The way your face lights up when you’re getting it... I just love to watch it,” he paused, thinking, and then continued, “Honestly, I just like being with you. I’ve been alone the last couple of years. It’s not a good feeling. But when I am with you it feels right, familiar, comforting... Hell, I don’t know how to explain it,” he trailed off lost for words.
“I want to be around you too,” I admitted as I placed my hand on top of his, “and honestly, it scares me a little. I usually keep myself rather guarded around everyone, except my aunt and uncle. But when you are with me, my guard slips away without my being aware. I am more myself with you than I’ve been with anyone I’ve ever met, in any city I’ve ever lived, in a really, really long time,” I searched his face, his eyes, for a sign that he questioned my statement. I understood that it probably sounded a bit strange coming from the mouth of a supposed seventeen year old. But Link held his gaze steady and nodded his head in agreement. 

We skied together all day Sunday as well. We were more at ease with each other the second day on the slopes. Laughing, teasing, talking, but again staying away from any conversation too serious. We just wanted to enjoy ourselves. I was more confident on my skis. It helped to know that Link was always close by, to lend a hand if I fell. My sunny happy day was overshadowed by a nagging cloud of doubt. How much longer could I keep pretending to be someone I was not, to this man that I was inexplicably drawn to? 


****

chapter six
PRESENTATION
 
“You never called me this weekend.” Summer winked at me. It was our last class, on Monday afternoon, and I had been avoiding her all day.
“Yeah, dish,” Delilah chimed in. “What’s with the older hottie? Summer told me he’s twenty-two, works at the hardware store, and moved here to ski.”
“That’s about all of it. What more do you need me from me?” I asked.
“Oh, no you don’t... Where did you meet him? Why are your aunt and uncle letting you hang out with him? My mom would freak,” Summer pressed for more answers.
“I met him on a hike,” that sounded good without admitting to the embarrassing falling part. “We are just friends so Aunt Rachel and Uncle Jason are cool with it. Anyway I’m almost eighteen so that’s not such a huge difference in our ages,” I defended myself.
“Friends, I’m sure,” Delilah said with a smirk.
“I like him, he likes me, there’s no kissing or anything involved, so – sounds like a friendship to me. Discussion’s over, Mrs. Beech is looking this way,” I said, thankful for the excuse to end our little chat and avoid any further questions.
“I have, in this box, slips of paper labeled with different important events in the history of the United States. For example, The Great Depression,” Mrs. Beech read from the slip she had just pulled out of the box. “What can you tell me about that event?” she asked in a monotone voice.
Sara Evans raised her hand with that smug, I know everything, smile which seemed to be ever present on her face. Mrs. Beech immediately called on her. “The Great Depression started with The Stock Market Crash of Nineteen Twenty-Nine, years of economic strife followed,” Sara answered, clearly pleased with herself.
“Correct. So Sara, I’m going to give this slip to you. You’re assignment will be to write a three to four page summary of that major event in U.S. History. You will present your paper to the class next week.
“As will all of you,” she addressed the class. “These presentations will help you study for the final exam that you will be taking before Christmas Break. Each of you will present a different event, in the history of the United States, which was covered in class this past semester. Everyone up here to draw,” she said.
We all got up from our seats and went to the front of the class, where she stood holding the box in front of her. One by one, each student drew a slip of paper from the decorated shoe box. Then we all returned to our desks.
“Three to four page summary of the major event, class presentations at random starting next Monday, take notes on your classmates’ presentations.” She ticked off a mental list as she gave her instructions. “Oh, and extra credit will be given for authentic props, visual aids, costumes from the era, et cetera, et cetera. Yes, you can wear a poodle skirt or a leather jacket and jeans if you got something in the Fifties. Please ask for help if you are unsure. This is the last grade before the final,” she finished as the bell rang, excusing us from History. 
“It’s President Roosevelt’s New Deal for me,” said Rusty. 
“I got Prohibition, yeah flapper costume!” Delilah exclaimed.
“I got our entrance into World War I,” Burke told the group.
“California Gold Rush,” Summer read from her paper.
They turned toward me... it was clearly my turn to reveal my draw. But I stood silent, thinking about the event I’d drawn.
“Emily, what’d you get?” Summer waved her hand in front of my face as she asked.
“Sorry... Spacing... Pearl Harbor,” I mumbled, “and the United States’ entrance into World War II,” I continued. 
I knew James and Catherine had opted to relax at home that day. So when I arrived at the house after school, I sought them out. I found them in their study, reading. James was sitting at one end of the couch and Catherine was lying down; her head propped with a pillow and her feet resting in his lap. I envied the comfort and security they each felt in the other’s presence. James looked up from his book and smiled warmly at me.
“Are you both enjoying your day off from the world?” I asked.
“We are thoroughly enjoying it. We decided that today was a day for relaxation, nothing more,” James answered.
“How was your day?” Catherine inquired.
“Just another day spent posing as a high school senior. My history teacher hit me with a good one today. I get to write a paper and give a presentation on Pearl Harbor and the U.S.’s entrance into World War II. Lucky me.” My voice was heavy with sarcasm. 
“Oh, sweetie, I know the topic of any war does not thrill you – especially that one,” Catherine said as she sat up.
“Just write a thorough, fact driven paper. You’ll do fine,” James encouraged.
“We get extra credit for wearing a costume or bringing in an authentic prop from the time period,” I added.
“Well, that is up to you. I’m sure we have a few authentic things around here somewhere,” Catherine walked over and firmly planted her hands on my shoulders. “You decide,” she gave me a reassuring smile and hugged me tightly.
“I’ll think about it,” I said as I turned to leave the room. 
“Don’t worry, you’ll do us proud,” James encouraged again.
“Now you actually sound like my guardian and I’m the high school kid that desperately needs to do you proud,” I said with a sigh as I walked out of their study and headed toward my room.
“I’m proud of Catherine. I’m proud of you,” James explained quickly before I could escape. “Thank you for taking on the teenage roll and doing it so well,” he added.
“You’re welcome,” I mumbled in response as I reached my bedroom door.
I looked at the clock. It would be at least three hours until my, now nightly, call from Link. I needed a movie, a sci-fi I decided. Space Aliens were the perfect thing for me right now. I was thankful for my collection of movies. They had a way of letting me clear my head and disappear into their fantasy instead of dwelling on and worrying about my reality.

On Friday, Mrs. Beech again stood at the front of the room with the same shoe box from Monday perched in her hand.
“This time, I have a day of the week and a number written on each paper. There will be three presentations per day, each day next week. If you draw Monday-Two, from the box, you will be the second presentation on Monday. You will get fifteen minutes for your presentation followed by a question and answer period. By the end of the week we will be done with our review and the following week is Finals Week. All papers are due Monday though, so keep a copy for your presentation. You all get that?” she asked, making sure we understood, “I’ll walk around the class and you can draw your day,” she finished and started her trek around the room.
I reached in the box, when Mrs. Beech arrived at my desk, and drew out a folded pink slip of paper. I opened it up and revealed the words Friday-Two, written in her bubbly handwriting. Yuck! I was really hoping for Monday, bite the bullet, get it over with ASAP. I turned around in my desk to reveal my draw to the group. Rusty, Summer, Burke, and Delilah each showed their pink slips of paper. Incredibly, we each drew a different day of the week. 

The next morning, Link arrived at my house at nine o’clock sharp, again, for another day of skiing. We stayed on Meadows. I wasn’t adventurous enough to try my skills on Lift Ten. It was a long ride to the top. That meant a long way back down. I promised that next weekend we would ski out from my house on Galloping Goose. That trail would bring us to the point where Lift One (Meadows) and Lift Ten (which led to Galloping Goose plus a ton of other trails) met. Then, when we were done for the day, we would just take Lift Ten to the top again and ski down to my house. I wouldn’t have to lug my gear anywhere. Link insisted on doing most of the lugging, so guilt was pushing me to this decision.
We were going out to dinner later, and Link insisted that I bring a change of clothes with me so we wouldn’t have to go back to my house after skiing. Thankfully, Link knew one of the guys who worked at the ski shop near Lift Four. That meant I didn’t have to change clothes in a bathroom, I had drawn the line there. I was grateful he had made so many ski friends. The offer of a dressing room was much appreciated.
After we were finished skiing, warmed up on a steaming cup of hot chocolate, all changed back into regular clothes, and our ski gear packed in the back of the SUV, I turned to Link, “Let’s get some eats. I love that Chinese place across from the boutique. Can we go there?”
“If that is what the lady wants then that is what the lady will get,” he answered as he bent into a deep bow.
“Stop it,” I giggled. “Let’s go,” I said as I walked toward the passenger side.
Link grabbed my hand, stopping me. “No driving of vehicles tonight, milady,” he said, keeping up with his charade.
“Okay, Mr. Knight, in shining armor, how shall we get to the restaurant? On horseback? Or perhaps in a carriage?” I surmised.
“In a carriage, of sorts,” he answered and held out his arm for me to take.
He led me past the shops in Mountain Village toward the base of the snow. We turned left on the walkway between the base of Lift Four and the ski center where we had purchased our season passes. He guided me up a flight of snowy metal stairs and over to the entrance of the Gondola.
Link smiled that brilliant smile. “Your carriage awaits.” 
“Thank you, brave knight.” I smiled back, enjoying the game.
It was just starting to get dark as the gondola rose up to the top of the mountain. I looked back at Mountain Village and down at the houses below our carriage. The view from up so high was incredible. Why hadn’t I done this before? We rose a thousand feet in the air and came to a transition point, at over ten thousand feet in elevation. Some people were getting out of their gondolas, to go to dinner at the restaurant that sat at the top. We stayed on for the rest of the ride, down to the town of Telluride.
As the gondola started its descent, I looked down at the tiny town of Telluride with awe. It was breathtaking from such a height. Little lights twinkled from houses, streetlights, and the various trees that were decorated for the Holiday Season. It was a scene out of a picture book. How could I have lived in this place so long and not experienced the true beauty of the little town, as seen from up in the gondola?
“Thank you,” I whispered to Link. I squeezed his hand, “It’s beautiful.”
“I know,” Link answered and pulled my hand up to his lips.
We rode the rest of the two thousand foot drop in silence, enjoying the beauty of Telluride, in December, all aglow, at night. After exiting the gondola we walked up to Colorado Avenue and over to the Chinese restaurant. I glanced down at our hands, fingers intertwined, as we walked. They looked so perfect together, our hands, meant to be.
Our jackets were instantly removed when we entered the warm restaurant. The small room was overly noisy from a large party sitting in the back. I immediately ordered for the two of us as soon as were sat at a table. War Wonton Soup for two, House Special Double Pan Fried Noodles, and Orange Chicken – all my favorites. To pass the time, while we waited for our meal, we scanned the paper place mats in front of us to find out where our birth year landed in the Chinese Zodiac and which animal was assigned to each of us.
“I’m a Rabbit,” Link pointed out.
“Oh how cute, you’re a bunny.” I smiled at him.
“R A B B I T,” he spelled, “Rabbit, not bunny. What cute little animal are you?”
“A cute little Rooster,” I replied.
Link looked at the placemat, his expression contemplative. “You said you’re turning eighteen in February right?”
“Yeah,” I answered. Oh crap, what year did I look up? “Oh yeah, stupid me, I’m a Monkey.”
“Okay, that makes sense, silly monkey,” he grinned.
“You are not disappearing for Christmas are you? I’ve already talked it over with Aunt Rachel and Uncle Jason, and we’ve decided you should come over to our house. Please say yes.” I gave him my best puppy dog eyes, pleading for his compliance.
“I don’t want to impose...”
“You aren’t imposing. Say yes,” I said and then mouthed, “Yes – Yes – Yes,” to him.
“Okay, okay, yes,” Link gave in.
“Yay!” I exclaimed, in a whisper, as I clapped my hands together.
Our waiter arrived at the table with the soup. He placed a larger bowl in the center of the table and then ladled soup into each of our small bowls. As he finished, another waiter passed by carrying a tray filled with eight or more glasses from the bar. In slow motion, it seemed, I watched as a toddler from the large party in the back escaped his mother’s grasp and ran between the two waiters. A stunt coordinator on a movie set couldn’t have timed the next moment any better. The toddler bumped our waiter off balance. He stumbled into the other waiter, carrying the heavy tray. The tray tipped and the glasses came crashing down. Glass shards flew in all directions, mostly hitting the two waiters on their aprons and causing no damage to them. But a few flew into my bare arms, piercing my skin.
Link’s eyes widened with concern. I panicked, and ran for the bathroom in the back of the restaurant. I closed the door behind me, locking it, and examined my arms. Why couldn’t I have worn a sweater? Why the short sleeves tonight? One, two, three... I counted six shards of glass. I carefully pulled the first one from my skin.
“Emily, are you alright?” Link pounded on the door.
“I’m fine. I just freaked,” I answered as I pulled out the second and then the third.
“Open the door, I need to see that you’re okay,” he implored.
Four...
“Just a second,” I breathed 
Five...
“Emily, please,” Link begged, and his voice cracked.
Six... 
I splashed water on my arms and dried them with a paper towel. I ran some more water in the sink to remove the few drops of blood that had escaped my wounds as I pulled out the shards. I looked at my arms. Everything looked normal. It was going to be fine, I lied to myself.
“Emily,” his voice had an edge now, panic had set in.
“I’m fine, I promise,” I said as I opened the door. I knew my eyes were still anxious. My heart was beating a little too fast. “I just panicked and ran in here to look.”
“Show me your arms,” he ordered.
I held them out for his inspection, “It was nothing just a few bits of glass landed on them but no damage was done,” I lied.
“I saw glass in your arms,” he insisted. “There are drops of blood on the table.”
“Maybe they were from one of the waiters. That little kid’s alright, isn’t he?” I asked trying to shift the focus away from me.
“I think so,” he looked confused again. “Are you sure you are unharmed?”
“I am perfectly fine,” I swore.
The waiter walked back to where we stood, “The table is all clean now. I’m so sorry. Are you Okay? Do you still want your food?” he asked, openly concerned.
“I’m fine, thank you. And yes, we will still be dining,” I answered.
We walked back to the table, where our dinner was waiting for us. All evidence of the mishap had been erased while I was in the restroom. Except for the soggy floor, and the concerned faces of the patrons and staff, I could pretend everything was as it was before. But then, there was the one overly concerned face, sitting across from me, staring at me in disbelief. I couldn’t pretend he would remain as he was before.
I chatted excessively about skiing, the kids at school, and the boutique. I talked to fill the silence and the tension that came my way, radiating from across the table. After twenty minutes, maybe more, Link began to act like his old self again. He talked about work and told me some of the funny stories about the different people that would come into the store. He told me how he skied with Ron, a co-worker, this past week. He described the view from the top of See Forever, one of the trails they skied together. My worries eased some, but I could still make out the lingering doubt that would escape from of his eyes from time to time, and the way he kept glancing at my arms.
We walked back to the gondola after we left the restaurant. Link reached for my hand, his grip gentler than before. I wondered if he still thought I was injured. I was ruining this, I could feel it. I wasn’t normal, I didn’t deserve this. The gondola ride didn’t hold the same magic as it had earlier that evening. My “carriage” was no longer filled with anticipation and wonder. Now it was filled with uncertainty, doubt, and questions I couldn’t truthfully answer.
Link drove to my house and helped me unload all of the day’s ski gear.
“What are you doing tomorrow?” I asked.
“Working,” he immediately answered.
“Oh, that sounds about as fun as my day will be. I have to finish a history paper and prepare a class presentation. I really need to crack down. You want to trade?” I offered with a weak smile.
“No thanks, I’m done with that. Once was enough for me,” he mirrored my smile.
“Yeah,” I answered. For me too, I thought.
“What’s the paper about?”
“Pearl Harbor and the U.S.’s entrance into World War II. I’m going to wear a dress from the Forties for extra credit. Very cool,” I said.
“I’d like to see that.” He smiled a more genuine smile.
“Meet me after school Friday and you can.”
“It’s a date.”
“Goodbye, Link, thanks for tonight,” I whispered as I gave him an awkward hug.
“You’re welcome,” he whispered in return, and then his lips grazed my forehead with a gentle kiss. My skin seemed to smolder from the warmth of his lips for hours after he left. 
The following week passed slowly. Delilah looked perfect, dressed as an adorable flapper for her presentation on Prohibition. It was Rusty’s turn the next day and, seeing no need for extra credit, he wore no costume and brought no props. Wednesday was Burke’s turn and he brought in a helmet that belonged to a relative who had fought in the war. On Thursday we learned all about the Gold Rush from Summer. She went the extra mile for her extra credit and brought in a bucket of sand. Hidden inside were small rocks she’d painted with gold spray paint. She put water in the bucket at school and had the class simulate panning for gold. Summer was an overachiever. I told myself – if she can do all of that, then I can wear a costume and give a simple presentation the next day.
That night I called Link, I hadn’t heard from him all week. I kept hoping I hadn’t ruined everything, but this silence was a deafening sign. As the phone began to ring I hoped for voicemail. Then I could leave a message telling him not to bother with seeing me tomorrow after school. “Oh crap,” I whispered as the thought occurred to me that maybe he had already forgotten and this call would just remind him. I was just about to hang up when I heard his voice.
“Hello,” he answered. 
I tried to sound nonchalant. “Hey, Link, It’s Emily.” 
“Hi, Emily.” He sounded distant.
“So maybe now wasn’t a good time to call. Sorry...”
“No I’m sorry. I sort of broke our routine. I’ve just had a really busy week and that is my lame excuse for why I haven’t called you.”
“Don’t apologize. I’m just calling because tomorrow is my presentation, but you don’t need to worry about meeting me after school. So just forget it, it’s no big deal.” I got the words out hurriedly, hoping he would agree.
“No, I said it’s a date, I’m not going to back out. Where should I meet you?”
I was torn between my desperate need to be with him and the reality that it would be better if I never laid eyes on him again. “Aunt Rachel is dropping me off at school tomorrow morning, so I’ll be walking to the boutique after school. You can just look for me on Colorado, or meet me at the boutique, or not. Whatever you decide is fine.” I gave him a free pass, not wanting him to feel obligated.
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he replied.
“Goodbye,” I whispered.
“Goodbye.” 

I actually had one authentic outfit from the Forties. It was purchased in Nineteen Forty-One. The outfit consisted of three pieces – a skirt, a shirt, and a jacket. The skirt and jacket were sewn from deep red wool. The jacket had wide shoulders and was tailored to cinch in at the waistline. The lapels were adorned with gold stitching. A neat row of big gold buttons ran down the front. The skirt was just about knee length and would flare if I spun. I owned matching suede leather, peep-toe heels as well.
I had received permission from my science teacher, the class I had before history, to leave ten minutes early so I could change into my outfit. I’d styled my hair before I left the house and hoped that it would hold up all day. When I looked in the mirror after science, I breathed a sigh of relief, it had made it through the day just fine. Once I’d adjusted my make-up, to coincide with the time period, my look was complete.
I gazed in the mirror, amazed at the transformation. This did not look like Emily Johnston, seventeen-year-old high school senior, living in Telluride. Someone else entirely was staring back at me. She looked a bit older, more sophisticated, well put together. I smiled at her and she smiled back. We could do this. Get into that classroom, get through the presentation, and then class will be over, I told myself. I walked out of the school restroom and made my way to History.
“Hey, Emily, you look great,” Rusty winked at me and Summer lightly punched him in the arm.
“Wow, that’s so cool. Is it vintage?” Summer asked.
“Yeah, it is pretty isn’t it?” I twirled and let the skirt flair up around my legs.
“Your hair and make-up are perfect too, you did some good research. All I did was wear a left-over costume of my mom’s,” said Delilah.
“Thanks, guys.” I smiled as I took my seat.
I was finally feeling confident. When my turn came, I stood in front of the class and gave a brief but precise rundown of the events that led to the attack on Pearl Harbor and how the US then entered World War II. I answered every question posed, by the students and Mrs. Beech, and even elaborated on some of the details I was more familiar with. Everyone complimented my attire and Mrs. Beech gave me her – job well done – nod when I was finished. Yay! I got through it just fine.
As the bell rang to dismiss us from class I took off my peep-toes and placed them back in their box. I slipped on my sheepskin boots and put on my long winter coat. It was cold outside and I had a bit of a walk, the boutique was nearly on the opposite end of town. I said goodbye to everyone and walked out the door. The second my feet hit the main road I saw him.
Link was waiting for me just off the school grounds. He was motionless, watching me walk toward him, his stare intense. Then I remembered the hair and make-up, it probably looked out of place. My outfit was well hidden by the thick down quilted coat. I smiled as I stepped in front of him.
“I’m dressed to the nines under here,” I said as I opened my coat for a quick flash of my outfit and then securely closed it again. “You like my hair?”
“You look swell. Is that Forties appropriate?” 
“Close enough. What do you want to do? I need to change, but not until after you’ve had a chance to appreciate this marvelous outfit with my coat off and my kicks on,” I patted the box that held my shoes.
“Would my apartment be too weird? Or, we could just head over to the boutique,” Link said, his gaze still locked on my face.
“Your apartment would be fine,” I answered.
We walked in silence, fingers intertwined, the short distance to his apartment. I could hear the water from the river trickling nearby as we walked up the steps to his door. The inside of his apartment was sparse but functional. A black leather couch was positioned against the far wall with a glass coffee table centered in front. His flat screen TV and video gaming system were opposite the couch. Two small picture frames rested on the TV cabinet. I picked up the first one. There were three smiling faces posed by a snowy tree, a boy and two adults. It was Link at around eight years old with, I assumed, his parents. The second frame held a picture of Link at his High School Graduation, his Grandma and Grandpa on either side of him.
“Is this your last picture of her?” I asked, remembering what he had told me about his Grandma’s death.
“Yes,” he answered.
“She looks so proud of you. I can see it in her eyes. Your Grandpa looks just like you. You two have the same mouth.” I was struck by the familiar again. “I swear this is déjà vu,” I whispered.
“Do you want a drink?” Link asked from the kitchen.
“Water would be great. I’ll be back in a sec.” I smiled as I left the room. I went into his bathroom and took off the warm coat. I changed my shoes and then smoothed out my hair and fixed my make-up. 
When I emerged from the bathroom Link was sitting on his couch. I twirled for him. “You like?” I asked as I came to a stop in front of him.
His expression turned quizzical again. He sat frozen, thinking. He got up without saying a word, crossed the room, and opened a door. I peeked inside, it was a small storage closet. He pulled out a box and bent over it.
“What are you doing, Link?” I asked, confused.
“Just give me a second. I just remembered something that has been bugging me since the day I saw you at that dance,” he answered as he found what he was looking for. He pulled a photo album out of the box and sat on the couch.
“What?”
“Hold on, I’m looking,” he said as he rapidly paged through the book, searching for a photo. He paused, focused on a particular page and then looked up at me, scanning me from head to toe. He looked back at the photo album, and then back at me. “Oh my God,” he breathed.
I grabbed the album from his hands, desperate to know what had disturbed him. There were two black and white photos on the page. One was of a man and a woman standing in front of a house. The other was of the same woman and a little boy sitting on a porch swing. I sat down, still holding the book, and traced my fingers along the edges of the photographs. They were taken so long ago, but I remembered them.
“Where did you get these,” I murmured, my eyes stinging with tears that desperately wanted to flow.
“They belonged to Grandpa,” Link answered.
“That’s him, isn’t it?” My voice broke as I pointed to the little boy.
“Yes,” he whispered.
“I guess I see the similarities now, you look an awful lot like him. I wonder why it never clicked up here,” I said knocking my head with my hand.
“That’s the same skirt, the same jacket, the same shoes, the same hair... That’s you,” he stumbled on the words.
“I couldn’t get rid of it. It was my favorite outfit. His favorite outfit too.” I sniffled as I traced the first photo.
“That’s Grandpa’s older brother, he died in the war. Grandpa used to talk about him a lot, especially after my parents died. He would bring out the photo album and tell me stories,” he spoke rapidly, his voice cracking, getting frantic.
“That’s my Roger,” I wept, the tears freely streamed down my face. “I should go now. I have to warn them. We’ll have to leave right away. We’ll be found out now. Please don’t tell anybody. That’s probably too much to ask...” I sobbed. I wasn’t sure if he could even understand the words, as I struggled to talk through my tears. I tried to get up from the couch but Link held me in place.
“Stay here, please,” he pleaded with me. “I’m not going to tell anybody anything. I just want answers. I couldn’t get your face out of my head, from the moment I laid eyes on you. I kept racking my brain, trying to figure out where I’d seen it before. I just would never have imagined this.” He leaned back and started massaging his temples, keeping his eyes closed.
“No, you wouldn’t have, you couldn’t have. We count on it,” I said, my sobs now gone. My voice was more steady, but the tears continued to flow. I placed my hand on his leg. He flinched and stood up, as if my touch had burned. “I’m sorry,” I murmured a weak apology and moved my hand back to my lap. “It really is probably better if I just leave now.”
“What are you? A vampire? No, I can’t imagine you killing and drinking blood, plus you are walking around in the daylight. But you are awfully pale. Maybe a witch, and you’ve cast some sort of a spell to keep yourself young.” Link paced back and forth across the room. “How are you doing this? Were you following me, toying with me?” he questioned. “Is this some sort of twisted game that you play.”
“Slow down. I will answer all of your questions, I promise. But you must understand, finding out who you are is a great shock to me as well. I, I’m having a hard time believing it,” I stammered. “I had no idea that you were in anyway related to my Roger. After seeing you for the first time, I felt this strange need to be near you. I couldn’t explain it to myself, but I had this pressing desire to know more about you. And that goes against every rule I’ve set up for myself. You see, every time you smiled it was as though I’d seen that smile before. Now I know I had, on Roger. You two have the same mouth, the same brilliant smile,” I paused.
“Grandpa said the same thing. ‘Keep smiling kid, you remind me of my big brother when you do.’”
“He was absolutely right,” I continued. “But to answer some of your other questions about me – I am not a vampire. I do not ingest blood. As for the pale skin, tanning is actually tissue damage and my body... kind of... fixes that, so I am constantly pale. I am not a witch. I have no powers... well not exactly what you’d call a power. Honestly, I have no idea know why I am the way I am... or how I got to be this way,” I finished and looked at his face. It was calmer now.
“You’re not a seventeen year old girl,” he accused, standing far across the room, needing to say aloud the truth as he now understood it. 
“If you will sit and listen. I will tell you,” I said, keeping my voice as smooth and calm as I could. “I will tell you how I came to know what I am. I’ll start when I met your great uncle, that’s what Roger would have been to you if you’d had the chance to know him. To me he was my life, my love, before the war took him away from me, from your grandpa, from you.”


****

chapter seven
REVELATION
 
“I met Roger when I was nineteen. I was attending San Diego State College and studying to become a teacher. He was twenty and worked as a mechanic at a local service station. I was alone; my parents had died in a car crash the year before. You said yours died in a crash too so you know how I felt,” I looked into his eyes.
“Yes, it was awful for me,” he said quietly.
“Roger filled me with joy in a way that I so desperately needed. We had a six-month courtship, and then suddenly, one day, he asked me to marry him. We were engaged on March twenty-second, nineteen hundred forty-one. It was my twentieth birthday. He gave me a ring and also handed me his enlistment papers,” I paused, picturing that bittersweet day.
“Grandpa said he joined the service before we entered the war.” Link broke the silence. 
“Yes, that’s true. At that time, much of the world was embattled in World War II, but not the United States. Roger was sure the U.S. would be joining the fight soon and wanted to serve his country. He had enlisted in the Navy and would begin his training in April, right there in San Diego. We made plans for our future. I would have my degree in two more years and would teach sixth grade. We painted a rosy picture of his naval career and my teaching career. I would take time off from work to have and raise our three children and then would go back to teaching when the kids were older. We had a plan.” I smiled at the memory.
“He finished his training and was given orders to join the crew of the USS Arizona when it docked at Long Beach that summer. The ship would sail from Hawaii for a brief stop on the mainland and then would immediately return. This time with Roger onboard.
“It was terribly lonely when he left and I was able to find comfort in the husband and wife team that ran the clinic next to campus. The majority of students went there to fix their various ailments. I visited the clinic a few weeks before Roger shipped out, when I was struck in the arm by an errant baseball hit from a field near campus. Roger insisted that we go to the clinic to have it looked at. I told him the arm was fine but he was always so overprotective of me. The doctor was kind and had the most reassuring smile. His wife, his nurse, seemed to take an immediate liking to me and we chatted like old friends. After proclaiming me to be in perfect health, they invited us over for dinner,” I took a breath and searched Link’s face to make sure he was still with me… still okay. “They are still in my life today.”
“The couple who ran the clinic? Are they your aunt and uncle?” Link asked; his voice was calm.
“Yes, that is correct. The night before Roger departed for Long Beach to join the ship, we had dinner at their house. The conversation edged toward the predicament the world was in. I didn’t want to think about it. I only wanted to think about Roger and me – together. We thanked them for dinner and excused ourselves. Their home was right on the beach. When you exited their back patio, you walked out onto the sand. It was there, with our toes in the sand, that Roger and I had our last tender goodbye. It was peaceful and private, just the two of us, without the shuffle of other people near. We vowed to love each other forever,” my voice broke and a tear escaped my eye. 
Link reached out to brush the tear away. “Go on,” he said. 
“Our final, tearful goodbye, was filled with promises of me coming to Hawaii during the Christmas break from classes. We would be married on a beach, our toes in the sand again, joined together as man and wife.
“I turned to my new friends often, over the next few months. It seemed I was over their house for dinner every other weekend. Then it became a routine. Every Sunday night I would drive down to their beach house. We ate, we talked, I read to them from Roger’s letters. They alleviated the loneliness I felt with him being so very far away.
“My weekend routine also included Roger’s family. I had dinner with them most Saturday nights. Roger’s little brother carried a toy ship around with him always. After dinner we would sit on the porch swing and imagine all the places on the ship that Roger might be and what he was doing at that exact moment. It was a game that the two of us played every time we were together. That was your grandfather,” I said to Link
“He spoke of you every now and then. He was sad when you stopped coming around anymore,” he recalled.
“One of the last times I saw that little boy was December sixth, nineteen forty-one. After dinner we sat on the porch, with the toy boat as always. Before I went home, we imagined Roger asleep in his bunk, deep within the ship. The next day I heard the news on the radio, Pearl Harbor was attacked. I had dinner as usual with the doctor and his wife that night, their real names are James and Catherine. I was almost frantic with worry. They did their best to calm me down. We all just kept hoping that Roger was among those who escaped harm.
“Roger’s family phoned me when they received official confirmation. He was listed among the dead, trapped in the ship when it sank to its current resting place. The fires onboard raged for two days and there was no hope for finding further survivors. I fell apart. I cried for days, refusing to leave my apartment. I just stayed in bed and let my grief consume me.
 “I even tried to kill myself. I sliced my wrists fully expecting to let the blood flow out of me. I would weaken and my heart would stop. That, I was sure, would end the pain of losing Roger.” I froze at the memory. “I still can’t believe I was irrational enough to do that,” I whispered.
Link put his arm around me, “What happened next?” he urged.
“I watched in horror as the wounds slowly closed. That was impossible, it was inhuman. How could my body be doing this? I became hysterical, I screamed and cried even more. A few minutes later I worked up the nerve to try again, only to achieve the same results. James found me as I was making my third attempt with the razor sharp knife. My neighbor had called him, the screams coming from my apartment had frightened her,” I explained.
I spoke faster as the story poured out of my memory, transporting me back to that fateful day, many years ago. 

“‘Charity, what are you doing?’ James cried out as I slammed the bathroom door shut.
‘James, it won’t work, the blood won’t flow. I can’t live without Roger, but it won’t work. Why won’t it work?’ I screamed wildly at him through the closed door.
‘Charity, calm down and let me see your arms. I saw the knife in your hand. I know what you’re trying to do.’
‘Something is wrong with me. I want to die. Why won’t I die? Help me die,’ I cried out to him from where I lay on the bathroom floor.
James broke open the door to find me crumpled on the floor, wide eyed, staring at the new wounds on my wrists. He saw the last of it close and heal, again. Little splatters of my blood dotted the floor tiles. James gathered me up and into his arms and my body let go into a flood of gut wrenching sobs.
‘Three times, James, I did it three times. But I can’t bleed enough to end my life. Why?’
‘Charity, please calm down and let me take you into your room. You need to sleep. I’ll call Catherine. She’ll come over and stay with you,’ he soothed as he stroked my hair, and brushed away my tears. Then he led me to my bed and excused himself to the other room. I heard him pick up the phone.
‘Catherine, please drive over here without delay. Charity is in a terrible state. She’s tried to kill herself, more than once...’ he paused listening to her. ‘No I didn’t get here in time. You don’t understand. She is one of us.’
One of us – that term rattled around in my brain as I drifted off into exhausted sleep. When I awoke, Catherine was sitting beside the bed. The perpetually happy smile that I had come to know so well over the previous few months, was composed upon her face.
‘How do you feel dear?’ she asked. Her eyes held concern, but her face was still smiling.
‘My head hurts,’ was my hoarse whisper. ‘Thank you for being here. I’m sorry to have bothered you both.’
‘You are not a bother, my dear. But you must promise me to never do anything so rash and stupid again.’
I turned my wrists over and searched for the wounds that I had tried so hard to inflict. All I could find was a thin, faint, pink line where the knife had gashed open my flesh the night before. The tears started streaming down my face again.
‘Why?’ was all I could ask as I held out my arms.
‘We don’t know why,’ she answered.
‘What did James mean by – one of us?’ I sniffled.
‘I don’t want you to upset yourself again. So you must promise to try to stay calm.’
‘Tell me,’ I pleaded.
‘If James or I were to do the same thing, to cut ourselves, our body would quickly heal... just as your body did last night. Apparently you are one of us, my dear... Immortal.’
‘Immortal?’ I whispered.
‘We don’t get sick, our wounds heal, and we stopped aging a long time ago. Does that frighten you?’ she asked with concern.
‘No, it more... confuses me. How do you know I am an Immortal too?’
‘Well, James suspected when you came into the clinic the first time. There were trace markings of a bruise and he thought there might have been a fracture from the baseball hitting you. But you insisted you were fine. The knife wounds to your wrists healing over and over and over again. That, my dear, is a clear indication. Only time will tell, but my guess is that you will stay twenty forever.’
‘But I don’t want to... I want Roger,’ I sobbed.
‘You have us now, dear. And if you would like, you can have us forever.’ Catherine promised.”

I finished my story. What had happened to me since that moment seemed unimportant right now. Link wanted to know what I was and that was the simplest explanation.
“Charity,” he said aloud.
“Yes, Charity is my given name. My parents said I was a gift from God, his charity to them.”
“That suits you much better than Emily.” He half smiled.
“Yeah, I’m not a big fan of that one. Catherine picked it out,” I admitted.
“Catherine and James... not Rachel and Jason?”
“We need to switch names, security reasons,” I offered.
“You heal yourself,” he was stuck on half statements, still trying to absorb all the information I had thrown out there.
“Yes, my body heals itself. Blood stops flowing, open wounds close on their own, bones set and heal. It was broken by the way, my ankle,” I explained.
“I’m glad I wasn’t crazy on that one.” He smiled in return.
“Why aren’t you ordering me out of here, saying I’m the devil, calling the police, the government, whatever?” I asked him. “Our biggest fear is being discovered.”
“You, whatever you are, you are a link to my past. You are a part of my history, a part of me. I told you before... I don’t think I’d ever be able to stay away from you.”
“I probably should have tried harder to keep you away. I let myself feel things, do things, and look what I’ve gone and done. I’ve exposed us all,” I worried, wringing my hands together.
“I’m not running to the press, or to the government. Don’t worry about that,” he said as he turned my face to look in my eyes. “So you’re not seventeen, you’re twenty, that makes me feel a bit better.”
“Closer to ninety, how does that make you feel?”
“Wow, I hadn’t thought of it that way.”
“I’m sure there are a lot of things we haven’t thought about. We need to talk to James and Catherine. I need to let them know what I’ve done.” My voice strained as I thought of how they might react when they heard of my betrayal.
“I’ll be there with you. We’ll tell them together.” Link held my hand, trying to reassure me.
I took out my phone and sent a text to both of them. “Semi-bad news. Need to talk. Come home NOW pls.” Then I seized the photo album and we walked out his apartment door. As Link drove me home, not another word was spoken. But my mind was racing. 

Link and I sat in the kitchen, waiting for Catherine and James. My fingers were rhythmically drumming on the granite countertop, my foot bobbing up and down, my nerves getting the best of me. Link reached over and placed his calm hand on top of my fidgeting one.
“Relax, what is the worst that can happen?” he said. “They can’t kill you, apparently.”
“They could cut my head off. They could burn my body,” was my monotone response.
“Really, would that do it?” His eyes widened.
“Yep, Catherine told me that’s how it was done during the witch hunts in Scotland,” I answered, my eyes solemn.
“Did she see it? Was it someone she knew?”
“Catherine knew about it by legend. Then later, James and Catherine witnessed it together, here in America. The victim was a stranger,” I answered.
“Well they aren’t going to do that to you, why would you say that,” he looked disappointed in me.
“They won’t, but someone else might. If you found me out then someone else could too,” I worried.
“I had a family photograph of you. Grandpa had shown your picture to me since I was a kid. I think I was meant to find you,” he said as he wrapped his arms around me. “I do have one other question.”
“What?”
“When you look at me, do you see me or do you see him?”
I looked at him, I mean, really looked at him. Yes, now that I knew it, I could see the traces of Roger within him. But truthfully, he favored his grandfather. It was Lincoln Knight that sat beside me. It was Link that opened something within me, something I had closed up and locked away when Roger died. A little bit of my former fiancé was there, but… “I see you,” I assured him.
“Then this is exactly where I should be.”
I still couldn’t get over his ease with this situation. Most children are taught not to believe in the unnatural. There are no boogey-men in the closet, no ghosts in the attic, no witches flying on Halloween, and nobody can live forever. I’m sure he was raised this way too. Yet here he was, in my kitchen, holding onto me – a woman suspended in time, with a body could heal itself, would never grow old, and may never die.
“Catherine’s here,” I stated as my ears registered the sound of her car pulling into the drive.
“How do you know,” he asked.
“I hear her car outside.”
“How?”
“Another mystery.” I shrugged.
“What is the semi-bad news?” Catherine called out as she walked through the side door. She entered the kitchen and then came to a halt. “Hello, Link. I wasn’t expecting to see you here. What is going on?” She asked as she surveyed our expressions.
Unable to speak, I slid the open photo album across the counter to her.
“Where did this come from?” she asked after she looked at the photographs. Her voice was calm and steady. Catherine, as always, was a pillar of strength.
“Link showed it to me today,” I whispered.
“And how did Link come by these photographs?” She was being vague, not wanting to admit that the young woman in the pictures was clearly me.
“That little boy,” I pointed at the photo, “is Roger’s little brother. That’s Lincoln’s grandfather,” I answered. “Link remembered the photograph when he saw me dressed this way,” I said looking down at my outfit.
“James is here,” Catherine breathed. “Let’s continue this when he gets inside.”
“That super hearing thing is kinda creepy,” Link said.
Catherine froze, realizing she’d let her guard down.
“I told him, he knows,” I admitted.
“What is the semi-bad news?” James echoed Catherine’s greeting as he walked into the kitchen. “And why is Link’s vehicle in the drive?” He’d obviously caught what Catherine had missed.
I pointed to the photo album. “Link knows, he figured out who I was - am. Roger’s little brother was Link’s grandpa,” I repeated the semi-bad news again. It got less semi-bad the more I said it out loud. Now it was becoming just a simple fact.
James stared at the photograph for a few seconds. It seemed like an eternity as I waited for his reaction. 
“Well kid, it looks like you didn’t destroy all evidence of your past when you torched that scrapbook after Roger died. I’m glad you now have something to remember him.” His smile was comforting and he reached out to stroke my cheek. James shifted his gaze to Link. His eyes narrowed and his expression hardened, “Can you be trusted?” he asked.
“Absolutely, I wouldn’t tell a soul. I knew there had to be a reason all this was happening to me, why I chose to come to Telluride and why I just couldn’t stay away from Emily, I mean Charity, from the moment I spotted her.” He smiled at me and pulled me tighter into his embrace. “Now I know why I was so drawn to her. I want nothing but her safety. But I don’t understand the alarm,” he told James, his expression puzzled.
“The alarm, as you put it, comes from our fear of discovery. There are those who want to kill us because they believe our kind to be an abomination, something evil. There are others who would love to capture us and make us their little science experiments. I cannot have either of those groups of people knowing our whereabouts. I’ve worked very hard to cover our tracks and make us disappear each time we relocate and start over,” James explained.
“When you say those do you actually know who they are?” Link asked.
“The Lords, an aptly named, family of religious zealots who kill in the name of God, have been on the hunt for Immortals since before the Civil War. They have passed down tales of our kind through each generation. Another threat comes in the form of Adrien Beauvais. He is a European billionaire, obsessed with immortality. A decade ago he placed an underground bounty out for anything that will make him live longer, or perhaps forever. Those are just the first two that come to mind of the many that I am aware of at the present time. There is no doubt in my mind that there are many more out there. So, there are seekers, and we do not wish to be found,” James finished and waited for Link’s reaction.
“You have my word, that I will keep your secret safe. I will do everything in my power to protect it, and your family.” Link immediately gave his fervent promise to James. “Is there an immediate threat?”
“We relocated to Telluride because the Lord brothers began snooping around the last hospital where James was working. They were posing as corporate risk assessors and began making inquiries. They questioned every department head in the hospital about unconventional methods of practice, doctors with unusual traits, and unexplained healings. We were not aware of their presence until one of the nurses felt harassed and complained to James.” Catherine spoke quietly, not completely at ease revealing so much information to an outsider.
“The Lord boys departed with few answers, but we knew it was time to move on. To not arouse suspicions, we waited almost three months before relocating. I secured the proper documentation for our new identities and we made a clean, quiet exit,” James continued on. “Telluride is the first small town that we have resided in since Charity joined our family. My hope is that the residents here will feel some loyalty to us, as members of their community, and promptly inform us if anyone starts snooping again.”
“Were these Lord brothers aware of your departure from the hospital?” Link asked James, wanting to fully understand any possible threat.
“I’m not completely sure. I left when a group of interns were moving on. It was my intent to get lost in their shuffle. We can only hope that the Lords didn’t unearth any new leads.”
“Link.” Catherine drew his attention away from James. “If I may be so bold, what are your feelings toward Charity?”
“Catherine,” I protested loudly, my cheeks flushed pink in embarrassment.
“It’s a valid question,” she responded, with genuine curiosity.
“You don’t have to answer that, Link,” I turned to him.
“No, it’s okay, I want to. To be honest, I have been struggling with my need to be near her and the conventions that say we should not be together. A high school girl and a twenty-two year old man - not always completely acceptable. However, I’d like to ask your permission to court her, as you will. I believe that would be the proper course of action, traditionally speaking.” He turned to both James and Catherine seeking a sign of their approval.
“I am going to assume your words are sincere. We have no reason, yet, to believe they are not. Just remember, we know how to disappear. We are quite good at it. If I feel that you’ve become a hazard to our family, in any way, you may wake up one day to find that we are gone,” James warned Link. “That being said, I trust Charity’s judgment. And, the events that preceded your introduction to each other are too astounding to be ignored. I firmly believe that there is a reason for everything.”
“You have our permission, as long as Charity is in agreement. You seem to illuminate her.” Catherine held my eyes with her own as she spoke.
“Thank you both for coming home so quickly and being a voice of reason and sanity. I needed to know I hadn’t disappointed you. Right now I think I just need to catch my breath, to process all that has happened here. Most of all, I need a moment alone with Link. We’ll be upstairs for a little while, if that is alright.” I smiled a weary smile at Catherine.
“You have done nothing wrong. Everything will be alright,” she tried to reassure me.
I hugged them both, took Link’s hand in my own, and led him up the stairs and into my room. Once the door was closed behind us, I turned to him. I still wasn’t quite sure what all this meant for us. I opened my mouth to ask a million questions that were dancing around in my head, but found myself unable to utter the first one. My voice held no power, my lips could form no words.
Link pulled me into his arms, hugging me tightly. I wilted in his embrace, exhausted from the day. I buried my face in the hollow of his neck, holding onto him securely, not wanting to let go. He kissed the top of my head and then loosened his embrace to pull my chin up so he could look into my eyes. His gaze was steady, searching my eyes for acceptance, permission, I wasn’t sure. I stood up on the tips of my toes to raise my lips as he lowered his. The kiss was tender, his lips brushed lightly against mine.
I leaned away from the embrace, “This is no good,” I whispered in despair.
“It feels good to me,” he said with a smile and bent his head to mine again. This time, to leave a trail of kisses from my chin to my ear.
“That’s not what I meant. This situation, your mortality, my immortality, we shouldn’t be doing this.” I shook my head.
Link shook his head, in disagreement. A mixture of disappointment and determination appeared on his face, as he replied, “No, you are wrong. We should be doing this. We were meant to find each other, and now that we have, I have no intentions of letting you go.”
“How can we be together, when physically I will never change? What will people say?” I worried.
“They’ll say ‘Look at that old coot with his gorgeous arm candy. How’d he get to be so lucky?’ But maybe that’s not really your only concern,” he stated.
“You’ll leave me one day. You won’t have a choice. Time will take you away. I don’t know if I could handle that again,” I admitted.
“The advances in medicine will only continue to improve. It’s more than conceivable that I am going to live well into my ninety’s. That gives us upwards of seventy years to be together. Can you handle that?”
I processed the information. Seventy years was a long time. I could hold onto him for seventy years. He would grow old, but he could be mine for seventy years. I was pretty sure that I could handle that.
I pulled his head down to mine again and pressed my lips to his. Seventy years, I thought, and deepened my kiss.
“Yes,” I breathed against his mouth, “I can handle that.”
He smiled that brilliant smile, the one that made my heart melt and sent a tingle down to my toes, and kissed me again. 


****

chapter eight
PRESENTS AND PRESENCE
 
It was very early, still dark outside when I was roused, confused by the heaviness across my chest. I reached up to find an arm, his arm, draped over me. A smile spread across my face and I slowly turned on my side, careful not to wake him. While he still slept I studied his face, memorizing all its details and characteristics. The shape of the mouth, which had mystified me before, was so clearly a mimic of Roger’s. The structure of Link’s jaw line was also quite the same. This boy was a link to my past.
I leaned forward to place a chaste kiss on his perfect lips. He stirred and pulled me closer to him.
“Don’t leave,” he whispered in his sleep.
“I’m not leaving you,” I whispered back.
His eyes were a trait from his father, I thought, recalling the photo I’d seen yesterday. The blonde hair was the same shade as his mother’s had been. The nose and the hairline were clearly from his grandpa. I loved this face, I had from the moment I’d spied it at the Halloween dance. All those people that had contributed to his being were gone now, but Link was here. It was a miracle that we had found each other, a present that I would cherish.
I wiggled my way out of Link’s embrace without waking him, and quietly tiptoed across the room to the closet, shutting the door behind me. When I turned on the light, I glanced at myself in the full-length mirror, and immediately frowned at my appearance. My favorite Forties outfit was badly wrinkled, having been slept in all night. There was a slight tear in the seam at the shoulder of the shirt, the stitching now old and delicate. The skirt seemed to have made it unscathed. At least the jacket had been safely discarded and placed on the back of my desk chair before we fell asleep in each other’s arms.
A quick change of my clothes, into pajama pants and a tank top, and I was tiptoeing my way out of my bedroom. I heard Catherine softly humming a Gaelic tune in the kitchen and went downstairs to see her.
“Good morning.” I hugged her. “Can you fix the shirt I was wearing yesterday? I fell asleep with it on and it tore at the shoulder,” I explained.
“That’s good to hear,” Catherine mused.
“It’s good to hear that my shirt is ripped?”
“No, it’s good to hear you slept in your clothes. I was afraid you would be rushing into the unknown. I’m glad you are keeping a level head,” she said.
“Catherine, I’m not sure yet what it means to me, to have him. But I won’t rush into anything, physically. Emotionally, it may be too late. I think it was too late two months ago,” I half-heartedly joked.
“I think you may be right. I saw the way you look at him and the way he looks at you. I can’t say I’m entirely displeased. I’ve been waiting years for you to find someone that you can love again. It just seems appropriate that he has a connection to your past.”
“What about the mortal, immortal issue?” I asked.
“What issue?” she asked innocently.
“You know what I mean,” I pressed.
“Charity, anything can happen to anyone at any time. James could be taken away from me tomorrow. Yes, Lincoln will age and you will not. You have to ask yourself if that will become an issue for you as time passes. Only you can answer that,” Catherine responded and gave me a comforting hug.
“I’ll contemplate that later, I guess. Right now I think I’ll just take things as they come,” I said. “Is James in his lab?”
“Yes, he’s been in there all night. I think he is trying to isolate the healing compounds in our blood. He asked me for a sample a few hours ago. He’ll probably be begging you next,” she warned and gave me a wary glance.
“No way! If I fall down and scrape myself he had better be right there with a collection vial. Otherwise, no dice... I don’t do needles or scalpels,” I protested.
“Why not?” asked a voice from behind me.
“Aaah,” I squealed.
“Good morning, Lincoln,” Catherine greeted him.
“Good morning. Guess that super hearing thing’s not working too well this morning,” he chuckled at my startled expression.
“Too distracted by James’s supposed need for my blood. Like I said he’ll have to catch me doing something stupid and collect it then.” I knew it was unreasonable for me to make such a stipulation. But I’d had an irrational fear of needles since I was a kid getting shots at the doctor’s office. The self-inflicted wounds of my past provided for the other fear.
“That’s what I told him,” Catherine sang.
“No intentional bloodletting huh?” Link asked as he encircled me in his arms.
“No!” I wrinkled my face in disgust. “What are you doing awake? It’s only five thirty,” I asked.
“You left me,” he answered, his face sober.
“I didn’t leave. I came downstairs,” I justified.
“You left,” he insisted.
“I’m sorry. Good morning.” I leaned into his embrace, resting my head on his chest.
“Good morning,” he echoed as he kissed the top of my head. “What are you doing fully awake at five thirty on a Saturday?” he asked, confused.
“Our internal clocks run a little... differently,” Catherine explained
“I’m sure there are quite a few different things that I’ll have to get used to,” he yawned.
“A few,” I answered vaguely.
“How about food? That’s all still the same, right? I’m starving. We never ate dinner last night,” he said.
“Oh you’re right, and yes, food is pretty much the same. Except for the death by starvation part. We just get weak,” I answered.
“I’ll just take that as – yes, I’m hungry too. May I be so bold as to open this refrigerator and see what I can make for our breakfast?”
“Yes, please be so bold.” I smiled.
“I’m going up to my study, to read. Have fun you two,” Catherine excused herself and made her way upstairs.
I blew her a kiss as I sat on the stool by the kitchen counter and watched as Link surveyed our fridge. He looked adorable with his bare feet, his wrinkled t-shirt, and slept-in jeans. His tousled hair simply added to the appeal.
“How about an omelet, with cheese, ham... What else you got? ... mushroom, tomato, onion, you name it,” he asked over his shoulder.
“All of the above, except onions. Yuck!” I wrinkled my face in distaste.
“So, the lady doesn’t like onions,” he noted.
“No, the lady hates onions,” I clarified.
“Got it, no onions,” He smiled, as he transferred items from the fridge to the counter.
“Let me help you,” I said, as I got up from the stool.
“No, no, I’m making breakfast for us. You stay put,” he ordered.
So, I sat and proceeded to point out where all the kitchen tools and pans were kept. A few minutes later, he sat down beside me and placed a plate, containing a huge overflowing omelet bubbling with cheese, on the counter between us. He handed me a fork and we both dug in.
“Wow! That is heavenly. You make a good omelet,” I said after swallowing the first bite.
“I’ve got powers.” He shrugged.
“Awesome powers,” I agreed.
“What should we do today?”
“Since you are a self proclaimed excellent shopper and Christmas is, what, like two weeks away...” I trailed off as I took another bite.
“Christmas shopping?” he asked.
“Would that be alright with you? I haven’t got anything for James or Catherine and I want to get a little something for my friends at school too. Would that bore you?”
“I’d be spending the day with you. I have nothing to complain about.”
“Thank you!” I smiled at his response and leaned forward to place a kiss on his nose.
“Do you want to walk around town or go somewhere else?”
“Oooh! I hadn’t thought about that, where else could we go?” I loved the thought of being alone with him, somewhere away from here.
“Montrose isn’t too far,” he offered.
“Let’s do it,” I beamed.
“Whatever the lady wants,” he said and smiled my brilliant smile.
“The lady wants to be with you,” I stated matter-of-factly.
He wrapped his arms around me and, at that moment, there was no other place I would rather be.
After we finished our breakfast, I ran upstairs to get myself ready to go out. Link had headed off to his apartment to do the same. I hated to let him walk out the door, but decided I could spare him for an hour. When I was finished getting ready, I found Catherine and told her my plans for the day. With keys in hand, I dashed down the stairs and outside to my SUV. My need to be with Link was a magnetic pull, stronger than anything I had ever imagined.
The drive to his apartment seemed excruciatingly long. As I turned into the parking lot, my heartbeat quickened and a wide smile automatically appeared on my face. Link was standing at the entrance, waiting for me. He hopped in the passenger seat, after I unlocked the doors, and leaned over to place a frosty kiss on my lips.
“Ooh, your lips are cold,” I pretended to shiver.
“I thought you’d never get here,” he poured, with fake exasperation.
“Poor baby, have you been waiting long? I am a girl remember. We take longer to get ready,” I reminded him as I started our drive out of town.
“Yeah, I know. It’s just been awhile.”
“What’s awhile?” I questioned.
“The last time I waited for a girl?” He paused, waiting for an answer. I gave a quick nod. “I guess that would have to be Jade, my high school girlfriend. We broke up a few months before Grandpa died.”
“What happened?”
“I pushed her away. Grandpa was real sick toward the end and I wouldn’t allow her to help me. Emotionally, I turned myself off.”
“So she left,” I concluded.
“Technically I left first. The last few times we were together, I wasn’t really there.”
“Did you love her?”
“We were both eighteen when we started dating and were together for about a year and a half. So yes, I loved her, as much as I was capable of at the time. She deserved better.”
“Do you know where she is now?”
“I heard she got engaged six months ago or so. I’m glad she’s happy now. She really is a great girl.”
“I’m actually a little jealous,” I admitted.
“Don’t be. I’ve come to believe there is a reason for everything, a reason it didn’t work out with Jade and a reason I found my way to you,” he grasped my hand.
I beamed.
“How about you?” Link asked.
“How about me what?” I countered.
“When’s the last time you made a guy wait on you?”
“Roger,” I let the sad little word slip from my mouth and my expression clouded. “You shut yourself off emotionally for over two years. I’ve done it for several decades,” I berated myself.
“Okay... New topic... Since you brought up your age... I would love to know what you thought about each decade?”
“Seriously?” I was stunned. I had never been able to talk with anyone but Catherine and James about the past.
“We’ll start with the Fifties.”
“Okay, I loved the music and the changing fashions. Oh, and automobiles were so stylish,” I answered.
“Sixties?”
“Music, not so much, except the British invasion. The whole hippie thing was way over my head,” I admitted.
“Okay, Seventies?”
“Don’t hate me... I did enjoy disco. But polyester clothes – yuck!” I shook my head.
“Disco?” he frowned, “Eighties?” he continued
“Great music... Terrible big hair on women... and I never understood the shoulder-pads that were sewn into so many outfits. I looked like a linebacker sometimes, but you gotta go with the flow,” I sighed.
“Nineties?”
“Still liked the music... clothes started to reflect the Sixties and Seventies again so that was interesting... But technology, which started out great in the Eighties, really took off. I love gadgets and a new one was popping up every other day,” I paused. “Don’t ask me about the new century. It just started,” I finished.
“I won’t ask,” he promised, “but I’ll hope you like it as much as I do now.”
I didn’t respond to his last statement. Letting myself hope for the future was not something I was used to. I had resigned myself to a life without love and romance, without hope. 
The conversation, for the rest of the drive, concentrated on our musical likes and dislikes. I shocked him with my love of the Eighties hair bands and he admitted to liking the occasional rap song. We both agreed on alternative rock, it was the perfect music to lose yourself in. Loud music with great drums and guitars could be very freeing. He surprised me with his knowledge of the Big Band Era and that discussion carried on, until we reached Montrose.
Our little shopping excursion turned out to be more of a treasure hunt. I drove the streets looking for thrift stores, antique stores, vintage shops, and used-book sellers. I dragged Link into every small shop with a storefront that captured my interest. My hunting always paid off. I found ten yards of antique French silk and fifteen yards of a delicate cotton floral fabric for Catherine. I lucked out again at a quaint little rare-books store. I found two first editions - Hawthorne and Poe. They were two of James’s favorite authors. Pleased with my finds I turned my attention to the girls at school.
We stumbled upon an antique shop that had trays and trays of authentic jewelry pieces from almost every decade. I found some stunning black and white art deco pieces from the mid Nineteen Twenties, some pretty little rhinestone Christmas pins from the Fifties, and some leather bracelets woven with beads from the Sixties. Link, the perfect shopping companion as promised, even helped me choose two leather bracelets. One each for Summer and Delilah. I was quite pleased with my purchases.
After trolling the streets of Montrose for hours we stopped for a very late lunch at one of the local diners. 
“Did you get something for everyone on your list?” Link asked as we slid into a booth.
“I think so. It was a pretty short list. I’m used to Christmas shopping for James and Catherine, but I have never included mortal girlfriends. It seems strange,” I admitted.
“That is very sad you know. You should have allowed yourself a friend or two over the years.”
“It all seemed so pointless. We’ve always moved on, at a moment’s notice. The longest we have ever stayed in one city is ten years.”
“Ten years is a long time to be someone’s friend,” he said.
“But what is the point,” I exhaled, “when eventually I’ll have to disappear. I cannot keep a mortal friend forever. It doesn’t matter anyway. I have Catherine and James,” I finished.
“You have me,” he said as he reached across the table to hold my hand.
“You’re right. For now, I have you,” I agreed. “Your presence is a present to me. It was a gift to find you.”
“I feel the same way,” he assured me.
“We can be each other’s Christmas present this year!” I suggested.
“I like it,” he said with a smile.
“Can I take yer order?” A red headed waitress with a sassy smile appeared. Pinned to her white lapel was a nametag that read FLO. That had to be a joke.
“I’ll have the chicken pot pie and a diet soda with lemon,” I answered. I tried to mirror her smile.
“I’ll have the same but with an iced tea,” Link added.
“Be back with yer drinks in a moment,” she sang as she sashayed away.
“FLO?” I mouthed to Link. When she was out of earshot I let a giggle escape my lips.
“What?” He looked completely lost. “From those commercials?”
“No. Forget it, before your time,” I muttered. I would always have to remember that I was with a much younger man, a “boy” as Catherine had called him.
“What?” he insisted.
“FLO, in a diner. It’s from a TV show...,” I prompted. “It even took place in Arizona,” I added, but he was still clueless. “Forget it. It’s just something I used to watch on television, a few years before you were born. When we get back to my house, I’ll see if I can pull up some old clips of the show on the Internet,” I explained.
As I said the words I realized that I would have to learn to get over the age difference and not let it bother me so much. Catherine was older than James and it had never been an issue for them.
“I’ll hold you to that.” He smiled my brilliant smile and I immediately brightened. 
FLO brought our drinks a moment later, and our food a few minutes after that. I immediately broke into the flaky crust of the pot pie, letting the steam escape. Then I tore off a piece from the edge, dunked it into the creamy gravy, and popped it into my mouth.
“Mmmm,” I sighed, savoring the taste. “I love pot pie.”
“That good, huh?” he chuckled.
“Yes, try it,” I urged.
I watched as he broke into his pot pie and smiled as he took his first bite.
“It’s good,” he mumbled through a mouthful of food.
Within seconds we were both attending to the serious task - of chowing down. Talking was kept to a minimum as I took pleasure in the flavor and aroma of each bite. I let myself flash back to family dinners at my grandparents’ house – my grandmother teaching me how to roll out pie dough, my grandfather proudly showing off his new radio. These were memories that I usually kept filed away. It shocked me how much the various shields, that I had spent years building up, were involuntarily lowered when I was with Link.
I let my senses go into overdrive, not wanting to reel them in. I let myself breathe in the countless aromas that swirled around the air. My tongue was busy dissecting the ingredients of the dish in front of me. My ears started to pick-up conversations from all the surrounding booths. It was overkill. I usually kept this kind of sensory overload at bay, but today I set it free. 
Link paused from his meal as he watched me sit up a little straighter, close my eyes, and breathe in deeply. “What are you doing?” he asked.
“Taking it all in,” I answered. “... all the fragrances, tastes, and sounds,” I continued. “The women in the booth behind us are sharing a pot roast and discussing little Johnny, who lost his first tooth yesterday. The couple in the booth by the door, are having soup and salad and arguing about the need for a new car. There is an old woman somewhere in here that is sipping coffee and talking aloud to no one, about the cost of dry goods these days,” I paused.
“You can pick-up all that?” he questioned. His eyes grew wide with surprise.
“I told you there was a lot you didn’t know about me.” I shrugged.
“What else? How about that couple near the counter.” He pointed at a young blonde woman sitting right next to her boyfriend, I presumed.
“Okay give me a second,” I said as I tried to pick their voices out of the tangle of sounds in the air. “They are going ring shopping today. He proposed last night, it was spur of the moment it seems, and today they are making it official.”
We watched the couple as they bent their heads toward each other and he held her left hand up in the air. They sat that way, gazing at the imaginary ring, for a few minutes.
“Crazy,” Link awed. “What about that man way in the back on the cell phone?”
“What about him?” I asked as I peeked over my shoulder at him.
“Can you tell what he’s talking about? Can you hear both ends of the conversation?”
“I can probably discern his end of the conversation, but I’m not sure about the one on the other end of the cell phone. I’ll try,” I said as I closed my eyes again and tried to block out all of the other voices in the room and began to concentrate on the guy in the way back. 
“I’m going to move on in a few days,” I repeated his words. “No, I haven’t found any new information yet,” he said. “Yes, I’ve asked at all the major medical centers around here. Do you want me to visit every Doctor’s office in town too? Colorado is a big state you know. I’m doing my best,” he paused, listening. “I can’t hit every little town. You are out of your mind this time Zeek. I’ll drive over to Grand Junction from here. Why are you so sure they’ll be in Colorado?” the man asked.
“Because I just am Levi, so keep looking!” I heard a male voice scream through the cell phone as the man in the back held it away from his ear.
I peeked over my shoulder again and saw Flo placing a check down on the man’s table. I tried to memorize his face without being too obvious. His head was bald, and he wore small wire rimmed glasses. The eyes were a dark brown, almost black. His lips were thin and drawn into a straight line. It was obvious he was upset by the conversation, as was I. A shudder rippled through my body.
“What do you think that was about?” Link wondered aloud.
“I don’t know but it worries me, Link. He’s searching through towns in Colorado looking for ‘they,’ whoever they are, and he’s been asking questions at medical centers,” I spoke in a quiet whisper, my hands gripping the edge of the table.
“That doesn’t mean he’s looking for your family,” he tried to calm me.
“Ya’ll need anything else?” Flo popped into view.
“Nope, I think we’re finished,” Link told her.
“I’ll leave yer check then,” she drawled as she placed the green and white paper on the table.
“Flo,” I started.
“Yeah, honey,” she looked at me.
“That man walking out,” I shifted my eyes, “the one with the bald head. He looks awful familiar to me. You wouldn’t happen to know his name would you?”
“Oh, that’s the rude one. That’s what I’ve been calling him this whole last week. Been comin’ in here every day, right about this same time. Talks loudly on the phone from the moment he orders to the moment he leaves. I just heard him say he’s moving on so hopefully this was my last day having to serve him. My sister-in-law works over at the hospital and she came in here for coffee and pie yesterday after her shift. Well, she spotted him and said he was at the hospital asking questions about all the doctors. Personal questions and all. Gave her the creeps. Gives me the creeps too,” she chatted on.
“Did you ever catch his name?” I pressed.
“Leviticus Lord. Said so on his credit card. That’s a name that’ll stick in yer head. I gotta go, table three is waving at me. Have a good day,” she trailed off as she walked away.
“Leviticus Lord... Levi... k-k-keep looking in Colorado...,” I stammered, eyes wide. “Of course Zeek and Levi are Ezekiel and Leviticus, how could that not have clicked the moment I heard it? I actually had to ask, as if there were any other explanation.”
“Charity, breathe,” Link ordered.
“We need to go home, we need to tell them,” I whispered.
“From what you heard, he didn’t seem to know anything. He doesn’t know where you are and he’s clearly headed in the wrong direction. It’ll be okay. I’ll get you home and then we can tell your aunt and uncle,” he said as he stood.
Link left some money on the table and then led me to my vehicle. I gave him the keys. I was too shaky to drive. I knew I wouldn’t be concentrating enough on the road ahead of me as much as the road I might be taking once James and Catherine were given the news. The Lord brothers were near. Well, at least one of them was present. 


****

chapter nine
JUST ACT NORMAL
 
“Put your head between your knees and breathe deeply,” Link ordered from the driver’s seat as we turned onto Highway Five-Fifty, which led us out of Montrose and home to Telluride.
I had just repeated the phrase, “It’s too much too soon,” for the seventh time and I was beginning to hyperventilate. My mind was racing in a hundred different directions. In the last two days my secret had been discovered by Lincoln Knight and now Leviticus and Ezekiel Lord were searching for us. Levi was too close. How did he get so close so fast? We had fled the Lord brothers just a few months ago and now Levi Lord was in the same state, again.
“Bad things come in threes.” My voice strained as I spoke.
“Just an old wives tale,” Link tried to reassure me.
“One – You figure me out. Two – Levi Lord is in the same state as me. Three – They find us and kill us,” I shrieked.
“Okay perspective... One – is not a bad thing, it’s a great thing. Two – Yes he’s in the same state, but apparently has no idea where you might be. Three – We will all make sure that that never happens.”
“H-H-How can anyone make sure?” I stammered, my head now bent down low as Link had ordered. I could feel it beginning to help. My breaths were slowing down.
“Just, please try to stay calm. We’ll get to your house soon and together we’ll all come up with a plan,” he said.
His voice was calm, almost too calm. I turned my head to the side to look at his face. There was worry there, beneath the calm façade. He was trying to remain composed for my sake. It was only fair that I do the same.
I sat up in the passenger seat. “Okay,” I breathed, “I think I’m better now.”
“Good, that’s good,” Link sighed. “Thirty more minutes to home. Okay?”
“Okay,” I answered.
A half an hour later we were pulling into my driveway. I reached up and pressed the remote to open the garage door. My chest tightened as I was filled with both apprehension and relief. James’s and Catherine’s vehicles were inside. They were both home. A heavy sigh escaped my lips. I opened the door to the house, determined to be strong, to not freak out, to be calm, for all of our sakes.
I called out for Catherine and James as soon as we were inside. Link remained, glued to my side, letting me lean back into his chest, giving me physical and emotional support. We gathered in the kitchen and I recounted what had happened at the diner, how I listened in on the conversations around us and repeated them to Link. When I divulged the last conversation – the one between Ezekiel and Leviticus Lord, their bodies froze, mouths agape, fists clenched at their sides, eyes wide. I waited.
Catherine was the first to break the silence. “You say he’s headed to Grand Junction. That is Northwest of here right?” She looked around for confirmation.
“I’m getting a map,” James walked out into the garage, returning just seconds later. He spread the map out on the kitchen counter.
“That is what I heard him say,” I told Catherine.
“It’s about a hundred and thirty miles from us,” Link gauged the distance.
I shivered. “That’s just a short drive away.”
“The plus side is, he’s heading in the wrong direction,” Catherine uttered. A small, hopeful smile played on her lips.
“Well, we are not leaving. We are not running this time. We will continue to live life as normal. We’ve made some good connections here. People like us, they trust us. We’ll be informed if somebody starts poking around into our business. Then, and only then, will we make a move,” James spoke with strong determination.
“Live life as normal,” I repeated.
“I go to the medical center, Catherine goes to the shop, and you go to school,” James continued. “Although immediate danger does not seem imminent, precautions should be taken. I’m always partnered with another health care worker, so there is little chance of the Lords trying to confront me at work. Catherine, I think you should hire one or two part time employees. You should never be alone in the shop. Charity, please stay with your group at school. I don’t want you wandering off or exploring on your own either.”
“I will be with her... the moment she steps off campus,” Link spoke up.
“You don’t need to do that Link. What if the hardware store doesn’t want to alter your schedule?” I immediately responded. It seemed like such a trivial thing to say.
“I told you, I don’t need to work,” Link said as he grasped my hands and held my eyes with his own resolute stare. “I just do it because of Grandpa and his whole ‘productive member of society’ thing. Right now I need to be with you. Your safety is my priority.”
“Thank you, Lincoln, we appreciate your help. You have expressed your desire to remain with Charity as long as she is willing. But you must be aware of what you are entering into. This family always has a looming danger, lurking just around the corner it seems. We do get some spans of time to live in relative peace, but that peace will never last forever. Please keep that in mind,” James gave Link his warning.
“I will, but it won’t change my mind. I’m here to stay, as long as you all will have me,” Link resolved.
“Thank you, Lincoln,” Catherine spoke softly, resting her head on James’s shoulder. “I’m glad you are here for Charity.”
My eyes brimmed with tears that I refused to let fall. I would remain strong – for James, for Catherine, and now for Link as well. I had something new to worry about though, Link’s well-being. “Thank you,” I whispered, and buried myself into his willing embrace.
Now his safety was my priority.
There was one thing that we decided upon, that was decidedly contrary to normal. Link needed to temporarily move into the house. He would occupy one of the guest rooms. I liked the thought of having him under the same roof. We belonged together. I felt it in my bones. But I had promised Catherine I wouldn’t rush into anything. I intended to keep that promise.
I drove him back to his apartment. He packed up his clothes and essentials and returned within the hour. We would do our best to keep this information as private as possible - more lies – but at least I was very good at telling them.
Link and I watched movies in my room until his eyelids started to droop, heavy with the need for sleep.
“Come on sleepy head.” I nudged him. “I’ll walk you to your room.” I smiled.
“I’m fine,” he protested.
“You are falling asleep – on my bed,” I reminded him.
“Is that so bad?” He grinned and leaned over to place a gentle kiss on my lips.
“No, it’s not so bad.” I smiled, kissing him back. “But it is time for you to go to your room,” I commanded, pulling my face away from his. To emphasize my point, I jumped off the bed, seized his hand, and led him down the hall to the guest room.
“What... should... we... do... tomorrow?” Link breathed into the nape of my neck, a heated kiss marking the end of each word.
It was becoming harder to concentrate. The words in my head could not find their way down to my mouth.
“Mmmm that feels good,” I whispered. “Tomorrow...,” I let the word dangle, lost in the feeling of his warm lips on my skin. I stepped back and shook my head. “I have an idea and I’ll tell you in the morning. Sleep well,” I murmured as I backed away from him, returning to my room.
I barely slept that night, it was almost impossible to do so. Link was merely a few feet away from me.
I was waiting in the kitchen, in my usual morning gear of pajama pants and a tank top, when he woke-up and came downstairs around six thirty in the morning.
“I thought you’d never get up,” I teased as he walked toward me. His outfit mirrored my own, pajama pants and a white tank. “You look so cute.” I smiled.
“I could say the same to you.” He flashed that brilliant smile and kissed my forehead.
“Eat,” I instructed, placing a stack of pancakes in front of him. “Then we’ll meet James and Catherine in the Game Room.”
“The Game Room?” Link questioned.
“You’ll see... eat,” I repeated.
As soon as Link placed the last syrup-laden bite into his mouth, I grabbed his arm and led him down a flight of stairs to the Game Room.
“The previous owners had a bowling alley put in. We saw no use for one, so we had it converted to this,” I said as I opened the door and spread my arms open wide.
The heavy clang of metal hitting metal immediately rang through the air. Link’s jaw hung open as he watched Catherine and James sparring, swords in hand. His eyes swept the room, taking in the open floor where they stood, the target wall (with knives and throwing stars haphazardly protruding from it), and lastly the shooting range.
“This is a Game Room unlike any other,” Link whistled.
James and Catherine stopped their match, swords in mid-swing, as we entered the room.
“James is an excellent swordsman and Catherine is a willing partner. I, on the other hand, tend to stay away from swords and lean toward daggers, stars, and guns,” I explained.
“I thought you said you had a fear of knives, scalpels, whatever?” Link looked at me incredulously.
“Yeah, doesn’t make sense, I know. I found out I have remarkable aim with a gun, any gun, so I decided to try my hand at throwing daggers one day. Well, it proved to be quite gratifying and that led to the throwing stars as well,” I said, pointing to the wall of weapons.
Link remained still, thoughtful. His eyes rested on a dummy, with daggers jutting out from various body parts. I waited.
“We may be Immortals, but we have only the conventional means of protecting ourselves. Our luxury is that we have had years to perfect our skills and our senses tend to become more finely tuned as time passes. Practice makes perfect.” James smiled.
“So, the lesson for the day is don’t mess with an Immortal?” Link gave an awkward laugh.
“No, the lesson for the day is – teach Link how to use a weapon,” I corrected. “As a means of protection only,” I quickly added.
“If you are going to remain with us, we need to know that you will be able to protect yourself,” Catherine put in.
“Okay, I’ll be the student. What’s my first lesson?” he asked with a steady voice.
“Guns or sharp objects?” I presented his choices.
“Sharp objects I guess,” he answered, with forced nonchalance.
“Goody! Let’s start with the daggers,” I bubbled with excitement. 
“That’s kinda weird,” Link said. “You are giddy... about daggers.”
“Stand back and watch,” I ordered.
I preferred to throw at a simple archery target. Yellow was the central color followed by rings of red, blue, black and white. I removed five daggers from the wall and walked across the room, stopping about thirty feet from the target. With five swift, consecutive movements I hurled the daggers toward the target, aiming carefully. A low whistle escaped Link’s lips and he walked over to the target, examining my work. The first dagger had hit the yellow part of the target - dead center, the second in the red ring, third in the blue ring, fourth in the black ring, and fifth in the white ring. All five daggers made a perfect horizontal line across the target.
“Impressive,” was all he could utter.
“I’ve got powers.” I beamed.
“Awesome powers.” Link smiled back at me. “Teach me.”
We spent hours in the game room. First - an education on the types of daggers, swords, and knives that we preferred to use. Next - practical application - which instrument was best in a particular situation. I preferred the “boot dagger” in most situations. James was partial to a sword or a cutlass, being well trained in both. Catherine held no preferences, she was devastatingly good at everything.
Finally - I handed the knives to Link. I showed him how I held the dagger, where I placed my thumb and fingers. I tried to explain the flick of my wrist, but told him it may be different for him. He flung the first one, hitting the target at seven o’clock in the black ring.
“Not bad, for a first try. Keep practicing,” I encouraged.
“I keep thinking it will be like throwing a dart, but it’s completely different. I have to approach it with a unique mind set,” he sounded frustrated.
“Practice, Link,” James said. “Later, after lunch, I’ll show you the basics of sword fighting.”
“Do you think swords are really necessary?” Link asked.
“It takes a good sized blade to remove a person’s head. Swords are necessary,” James answered.
“You know, last night you said we should all just act normal. This is decidedly not normal,” Link concluded, and then threw another dagger. 

The following week of school was harder to get through than I thought it would be. It was finals week and I was in no mood to study. Math was the only subject that I really needed to review, everything else would unlock from the recesses of my memory as soon as I read the test question. But math never seemed to come out on its own. It required hours of cramming information into my brain. Link proved to be a skilled study partner. He quizzed me on formulas and gave me sample problems to solve. Math was his favorite subject in school, he said. Masochist.
Summer and Delilah were desperately trying to find out what was going on with me and Link. The fact that he was waiting right outside the gate, every day after school, just added fuel to their fire. During every spare minute of school time they were grilling me with questions. “Why is he there every day?” “Is he even working anymore?” “What is going on with you two?” “Are you in love?”
I answered the last one with complete honesty. “Yes,” I said to Summer and Delilah. “I think I am.”
“Wow, Emily, that’s so cool,” they chorused.
“It’s like he was put on this earth just for me,” I added, giving away more information than I was used to.
“That’s really intense,” Summer responded. “I don’t think I could say the same about Rusty. I mean – I love him – I do. But to say he was made just for me, that’s really saying a lot. I’m happy for you though.”
“Oh, me too,” said Delilah. “I think I’ve got Burke convinced to apply to colleges in California with me. I really want to go back to living by the beach and Burke keeps saying he can’t live without me. How sweet is that!” Delilah gushed.
“That’s great Delilah. I hope you find a school you can both attend,” I encouraged. Burke would likely cross an ocean just to be by her side.
On Friday, our last day of school before Christmas Break, I gave them each a silken jewelry bag that Catherine had sewn for me. Inside the bags I had placed the leather bracelets. They loved them, especially after I explained how I had found them in an antique shop in Montrose, on a shopping trip with Link.
They gave me a sparkly red box tied up with a big gold bow. Snuggled inside the box was a little silver, heart locket. I opened the locket to find a picture of me on one side and Link on the other. I stared at the pictures, wondering when they were taken, and then remembered our first ski day. Burke had pulled out his cell phone at lunch and had snapped a few pictures – then handed his phone to me so I could take one of him and Delilah. The sight of my smiling face almost startled me. I had become unused to seeing candid shots of myself. My posed, fake name, identification pictures (that were later deleted from whatever system they were in) were all that had existed for many, many years.
My eyes misted over. “Thanks guys,” I sniffled, “This is really great of you. I love it.”
“See,” Delilah said, taking the locket from my hand. “When you close the locket your faces are touching each other. You are kissing - forever!” she squealed, opening and closing the heart for emphasis.
“You are such a goof, Dee,” Summer admonished her friend. “You’re welcome,” she whispered in my ear while giving me a hug.
“I’m really lucky to have friends like you,” I mumbled and grabbed Delilah to include her in our now group hug.
Moving to Telluride had been the best decision James could have made. We would make it work here. I wasn’t ready to run, yet. 

Saturday morning was spent in the Game Room, again. I was desperately trying to compel Link to become more comfortable with throwing stars. He kept saying there were too many sharp edges on one small instrument. I chided him, playfully, and showed him my two favorites, a six blade and a three blade, folding models. Once folded, they were compact enough to fit just about anywhere, undetected.
“Do you actually carry these?” Link asked, shock present in his voice.
“I usually have the three blade with me,” I admitted.
“Everywhere you go?” He wondered.
“Yes,” I simply stated.
“I never would have guessed.”
“That’s the idea.” I smiled, trying to put him more at ease. “I’ve always thought all guys found martial arts weapons to be... well, exciting. Why the hesitation?” I asked.
“They are. If I were with a bunch of friends, trying these out for fun, it would be very cool. But here you stand, the woman I love, telling me that you carry a weapon on a daily basis, for protection. It is just a bit unnerving. I really wish you didn’t have to do that. I wish we could just live without that fear hanging over us. I just wish this was not a lesson based on need,” he explained.
“You love me?” I whispered looking down.
“Yes, I’ve told you that before,” he said.
“No, you’ve implied. But you’ve never said it that plainly,” I pointed out, keeping my eyes focused on the floor.
Link put his hand under my chin and raised my head. He captured my eyes with his own, and declared, “I love you, Charity.”
“I love you too,” I bubbled with joy and wrapped my arms around his neck. Love had finally found a way to sneak back into my well guarded heart.
Link held me firmly, stroking my hair. “That’s good to hear,” he murmured softly in my ear.
After a few moments, spent basking in the glow of newly acknowledged love, I was ready to get down to business.
“Can I please show you how to throw these now?” I asked.
“Right back to business,” he commented.
“You can only put me off for so long by telling me you love me,” I teased.
“You are bad,” Link cried, displaying a fake pout. “I am wounded.” He clutched his chest.
“Poor baby,” I soothed, “What can I do to make it better?”
“A kiss?”
“A kiss,” I agreed. “Then back to the weaponry.”
“Absolutely,” Link promised.
I raised myself up on my tip-toes to place a chaste kiss on his lips. He bent forward to receive it, but with a fierceness that shocked me. My head leaned back as my arms twined up around his neck, pulling him closer to me. His lips on mine, were so soft, so right. A current surged through my body, exiting at the tips of my fingers and soles of my feet – a lightning shock. I gasped for air, he parted his lips, deepening the kiss, taking my breath away.
I pulled away, breathing heavy, lightheaded.
“Did I do something wrong?”
“That kind of distraction won’t deter me either,” I murmured, catching my breath. “No matter how good you are at it.”
Link smiled brilliantly, “At least I know you liked it.”
“Yes,” was all I could say.
It was weirdly appropriate that the song playing on the radio at that exact moment was Weak and Powerless. The lyrics kept repeating in my head... sometimes I felt absolutely weak and powerless when it came to my feelings for him. Then Glenn Miller’s Fools Rush In popped into my head! It was amazing how many songs I could find to sum up the moments of my life, in a few lines of lyric.
The Game Room door opened, I quickly composed myself, embarrassed at my body’s actions. It was as if I had no control of myself when it came to Link, and I had to admit that it bothered me a little.
“What are we doing today?” James called out.
“Throwing stars,” I answered. “Come show Link how it’s done,” I challenged him, throwing a star across the room, aiming for his head.
James, with his remarkable reflexes, easily caught the star with his thumb and middle finger.
“Amazing,” Link breathed as James quickly flicked his wrist, sending the star back across the room and into the mannequin’s head.
“Your turn,” I said, handing him a star.
Link tossed it toward a target, it thumped as it hit, and then clanged - striking the ground.
“Again,” was all I said handing him another, and another, and another.
We repeated this process for an hour with James and me offering tips and critiques along the way. Fairly soon he was hitting his mark.
“This is kinda cool.” Link smiled with confidence and I tossed him a star.
But I shouldn’t have tossed it.
“Crap,” I grimaced. Stupid, Stupid, Stupid – I tossed it without thinking. I was used to practicing with James and Catherine, not with a person that could sustain a real injury – a person who could bleed.
The blade sliced across his palm as he tried to catch it. Blood immediately pooled in his now cupped hand.
“I’m so sorry,” I cried out, rushing to his side.
“That’s gonna leave a mark,” he tried to joke, but his face puckered. I knew he was in pain. “You wouldn’t happen to have a first aid kit Doc?” he addressed James.
“No, we’ve got something better,” James said walking over with a towel to sop up the blood and assess the injury. 
“This is going to be one of those something different about Immortals moments, so be open minded,” I warned.
James took a dagger and sliced into his own palm. Link’s eyes widened but he remained still, not making a sound. James held his palm open, letting a few bright red beads of blood build up and then took hold of Link’s hand with his own. He grasped firmly. To any outside observer it would appear as a handshake, a greeting or a thank you between friends. James released Link’s hand and again used the towel, this time to clean up any remaining blood. Link raised his hand and examined his gash. But there was no gash. Only a minor scar remained where the gash had been.
“Incredible,” Link whispered. “Thank you.” He grabbed James and hugged him... clearly grateful. Then he turned to face me, “Why didn’t you tell me you could do that?”
“I don’t know for sure that I can,” I answered.
“I’m sure she can. Catherine is able to,” James explained.
“I don’t understand,” Link looked at me.
“I’ve never wanted to try. Self inflicted wounds and all,” I muttered turning my head away.
“Okay, I understand,” he said plainly, hugging me tightly, and kissed the top of my head.
“It’s pretty cool though,” I admitted.
“Yes it is. How long have you known that you could do that?” Link asked James.
“Many, many years. I found out during the war,” he said.
“Which war?” Link asked.
“How much have you told him?” James asked me.
“He knows nothing about you or Catherine before I met you in San Diego. I figured your story should come from you,” I explained.
“Mortal age wise, you look older than Charity. Does that mean you are older? I mean, will she eventually look twenty-five or thirty?” he asked.
“No, Link, I will always look this age,” I stroked his arm.
“The aging process just stops at an arbitrary age. We really do not know why. Charity was around twenty when it happened. I had aged around thirty years and Catherine... somewhere in-between,” James explained.
“Were you together when it happened?” Link asked James.
“No we didn’t cross paths until years later. Come, let’s go upstairs and sit. I’ll tell you my story, it will answer many questions, and also explain how we came to be aware of the Lord family,” James opened the door and led the way to the kitchen.
I got us all a drink, grabbed a bag of pretzels, and we each took a stool at the kitchen counter.
“Ready for a history lesson?” James asked.
“Fire away,” Link answered. 


****

chapter ten
HISTORY
 
“I was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The year was Eighteen Hundred Twenty,” James began. 
“My God,” Link breathed, “that makes you a hundred years older than Charity. I never imagined.”
“Yes, it does, Link. You’re quick on the math.” James smiled. “My father was a Professor of Law at Harvard, my mother a school teacher. Education was prized above all in my household. At an early age I was taught and encouraged to read. My parents brought all varieties of books home for my young mind to absorb. A journal of medicinal practices caught my eye when I was twelve and a fascination with all things medical in nature ensued. I was determined to become a doctor.
“My father, on the contrary, was determined that I become a lawyer and trained me as such. After exiting Harvard as a lawyer I worked in my given profession for a few years but still yearned for medicine. In Eighteen Hundred Forty-Six I moved to Boston and entered the Massachusetts Medical College of Harvard University, as it was called at the time. That was the last year that the Medical College was located on Mason Street near the Boston Common,” he paused.
“I’ve been there, to the Boston Common, it’s beautiful. I went with my parents when I was eight. Harvard Medical used to be there? I never knew that,” Link commented.
“Many people don’t,” James remarked and then continued with his story. “In October, of that year, it was my good fortune to witness one of the first surgeries performed using ether as an anesthetic. Ether was administered to a man with a blood vessel tumor that was removed from his neck. I knew at that moment, watching that medical miracle performed, without a doubt in my mind, that I would be forever fulfilled in my choice to pursue medicine.
“I worked as a doctor, at Massachusetts General Hospital, for a few years after I finished my schooling. The hospitals, at the time, mainly served the poor. People who could afford their own quality healthcare received it in their homes, with house-calls made by private doctors. The hospital gave me a greater chance to improve upon and gain new skills, with a variety of ailments and injuries walking through the doors each new day.”
“You were part of the birth of modern medicine,” Link said.
“I guess I was,” James agreed. “I stayed at the hospital through Eighteen Hundred Fifty-Two, when a peculiar thing happened to me. I was walking to work one December morning when I tripped and fell into the street, a horse drawn cart was coming my way and I was unable to avoid it. The heavy cart rolled over my left leg and an audible snap of bones occurred. Other than the broken leg, I escaped with just a few cuts, scrapes, and bruises. I was taken to the hospital where my injuries were assessed and my leg was set. I felt quite fine and insisted that I be brought home to convalesce in private.
“Alone, later that same day, I examined my cuts to find them all but gone. My bruises which were only hours old were already faded from their original deep purple hue to a light yellowish tinge. The scrapes had disappeared without a trace. I wondered if I had imagined them. By nightfall that evening I attempted to put some weight on my leg to find that there was absolutely no pain. I removed the dressings and bindings to discover that indeed, I had full use of it. I hopped around the room on my injured leg, daring it to give way, fully expecting to collapse in pain at any moment. But nothing... it was as if the injury had never occurred. Had I imagined the snap of my own bones as well then?”
I looked at Link. His face was transfixed on James’s.
“Go on, tell me more,” he said.
“I walked into the hospital the next day to the shock of my colleagues. Gerald asked what magic I held to be able to walk on a broken leg so soon. William declared that his eyes must be deceiving him. Jackson stood frozen with his mouth agape.
“There was an old woman, Martha was her name, a patient at the hospital. Martha had watched, the previous day, as I was carried in. She was witness to my injured state, now healed twenty-four hours later. The old woman observed my steady walk, as I entered the hall where she lay, and called out to me.
‘You have a touch of the devil in you I fear,’ she sputtered through lungs heavy with infection.
‘Why, Martha, how could you think such a thing? It was obviously much less of an injury than we thought,’ I reassured the old woman. I couldn’t help but disagree with her assessment. I leaned away from the satanic and toward the magical.
‘My own grandmother told me stories of Salem. Her mother was there when they sentenced those witches to death. Do you remember the trials?’ she asked, her eyes grew wider as the old memories of her grandmother’s tales filled her head.
‘That was over one hundred fifty years ago, Martha. There are no witches now, or were there then.’ I patted her hand, in hopes of settling the old woman down.
‘You keep your evil away from me. I want to see the Lord when I die. The devil is in you! I won’t have you block my way to the gates of heaven,’ Martha shrieked and gave way to a fit of coughing, so violent that a tinge of red spread across her handkerchief. Moments later, all traces of life departed from her old, weakened body.” James grimaced at the memory.
“I left the hospital that week and made arrangements to practice medicine in Bridgeport, Connecticut. It was a growing city that could use my skills and I could use an escape from the worried and confused looks from my colleagues and from the patients as well.
“I became a personal doctor for many of the upper-class Bridgeport families, attending to my clients mainly in their homes. I also opened an office, and attended to those who could not afford medical care. This was a risky move on my part. The rich can see charity as both positive and negative. While one family can boast that their doctor helps unfortunate souls, another family will refuse to be seen by a man who takes care of the poor. It might tarnish their polished image. But I took the risk because I became a doctor to help all people, not just the ones with money.
“In March of Eighteen Hundred Sixty I went to City Hall to hear a speech given by Senator Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln was making his way around Connecticut giving various speeches in favor of the Republican Party. He was a staunch believer in the abolition of slavery. Being the son of a professor and a teacher from Massachusetts, slaves were not something I had first-hand experience with. I was very interested in hearing his opinions.
“Lincoln spoke in the largest room that the city had to offer and people poured into the streets when no empty seats could be found. At the conclusion of his speech, we rose swiftly to our feet and clapped with an excited frenzy. Lincoln had such a way of rousing the crowds. I understood his disdain for slavery and agreed that it must be brought to an end. When Lincoln ran for president later that year I was proud to cast my vote in favor of him. His victory was rejoiced.” James paused.
“Did you get to meet him?” Link asked.
“I was able to shake his hand, but no formal introductions were made,” he answered, and then continued again. “With the presidential victory came the Secession of the south and war was quick to follow. I felt it was my duty to offer my skills to the Army Surgeons and was immediately thrust into action as a Field Surgeon. The year was Eighteen Hundred Sixty-One, I was forty-one that year but my face did not match my age. I had barely noticed at the time, but my body had stopped aging probably ten years prior.
“Field Surgery work was not for those with a weak disposition. It takes a strong man, or a foolishly cocky one, to saw off another man’s leg. The stench of earth and blood, mixed to a paste at your feet, rises up to assault you as you stand in front of the operating table. There is one man on the table, ten more men waiting in line, and a pile of limbs already in the corner of the tent. Then you must watch and hope that the remainder of the limb does not become diseased and poison the body,” James stopped for a moment as he noticed a visible shudder run through both Link and me.
I couldn’t imagine having to saw off another person’s limb.
“It was during my first year as a Field Surgeon that I finally came to understand my gift. That is what I think of my immortality now. It is a gift, not a curse. I was at the Battle of Bull Run, in July of Eighteen Hundred Sixty-One. As I came to the aid of a fallen soldier, I felt something strike my upper arm. I looked around to see what had hit me and noticed a tear in my jacket. Upon removing the jacket, I noticed a bullet wound. The projectile had passed right through my flesh and a single drop of my blood dripped from my arm.
“There was no pain. My arm felt as if a harmless bee had stung it. It had immediately stopped bleeding. The solitary drop of blood, that had exited my wound, fell onto the face of the soldier I was attending to. My blood entered a small cut on the soldier’s face, and I watched in amazement as the cut closed up and healed within seconds. A thin, faint scar was all that remained. My body could heal itself and my blood could heal others.”
“So that is when you first knew,” Link said – finally getting an answer to his earlier question.
“Yes that is when I realized I could do so much more to help those boys, than I was able to before,” James answered. “I experimented on other soldiers when I was positive I was alone and the soldier was not fully aware of his surroundings. I knew there could be no witnesses to my talent.
“I would cut my wrist and let my blood fall into a soldier’s wound and it would heal as if by magic. My body will allow only a small amount of my blood to escape, because it is too quick to heal itself. That meant that I could only instantly heal the smaller wounds a soldier had. The larger ones required my medical training and a fair amount of luck.
“I lived and worked as a field surgeon for two years. The Siege of Vicksburg marked the exit of my military career,” James said as Catherine walked in the room, home from the shop.
“Sit darling, I’m just getting to the good part,” James told her, a loving smile on his face.
“So, we are giving Link a history lesson today,” she surmised.
“I healed a cut on his hand. He had questions,” James explained.
Catherine gave a knowing nod. “Well, continue with the good part,” she said, pulling a chair over to James. She always sat by his side.
“Vicksburg, Mississippi is located right on the Mississippi River. The Union wanted command of the river, as it would greatly benefit their campaign against the Confederate Army. The town of Vicksburg got caught in the middle. With the river on one side and troops embattled in the surrounding areas, the townspeople were trapped in a military battle that lasted for weeks on end.
“The Union gunboats lobbed tens of thousands of shells into the town, and the armies surrounding it had even greater concentrations of their own firepower. The town’s people were under siege just as sure as the members of the Confederate Army were. Though miraculously, only about a dozen of its citizens were killed in all that time. To keep themselves safe during the battles they dug shelters into the hillsides surrounding the town. They would bring small comforts from home to try to make their cave dwellings as comfortable as possible. Hundreds of these caves were carved into the hills.
“Prairie Dog Village, became the un-official name of the town, bestowed upon it by the Union Soldiers. It was into one of these prairie dog caves that I was smuggled, by a young woman who was deeply concerned about an injured friend’s wound. It was not healing the way it should.” James looked at Catherine, love ever-present in his gaze.
“This brave young woman,” he wrapped his arm around her shoulders, “had somehow made it through the lines, in search of an Army Surgeon’s tent. Many of the Confederate troops were becoming diseased and malnourished since the Union troops had cut off their supplies. She’d hoped a Union Surgeon might be in a better position to help her.
“It was the last week in June, a Monday. I was in my tent and it was nearing five o’clock in the morning when I was startled by a rustling outside. I opened the flap of my tent and noticed a figure crouched in the distance. I peered into the shadows and was able to discern a female silhouette. I went out to meet her without fear; somehow compelled to find out what she wanted. She stood up, without trepidation, as I neared and held out her hand in introduction.”
Catherine sat quietly, letting James tell the story of the first time that they laid eyes on each other.
“‘Hello,’ she simply said, ‘my name is Catherine. My friend is in desperate need of a doctor and I’m afraid if one doesn’t come to her soon she may succumb to her injuries. Will you be so kind as to help her?’
“My compliance to her request was out of my control. I followed her immediately, without further question, without doubt of her sincerity. She led me to the cave where she had been residing with her friend. The old woman had been cutting wood, days before it seemed from the condition of the wound, and had been startled by incoming shells. She’d sliced into her leg and the wound was now beginning to fester. Her fever was high and I could tell that disease would soon take over if the leg wasn’t removed.
‘The leg has to come off. I’m sorry,’ I said to Catherine. ‘Would she want that?’ I asked.
“Catherine whispered into the old woman’s ear, explaining the situation, soothing her. She turned to me after a few moments and said, ‘No, she wishes to end her time now. She feels she is too old to start over without the use of both legs.’
“I replied, ‘I could try something else. It may help a little but I’m not sure. Perhaps you should leave for a moment. I’m going to cut out some of the infection and see if a medicine I have will heal the wound. It won’t be a pretty sight.’ I urged her to go outside the cave and she did without further question.
“I had brought my small medicine case with me and quickly gave the old woman a dose of ether. When she was unconscious I cut a chunk of her infected flesh from the wound and then turned the knife on myself. I cut into my wrist and as the few bright red beads of my blood escaped I directed them so they would fall around the edges of the wound. But my blood stopped quickly and I knew I would have to make another cut. I held the knife to my arm again and was halted by sight of Catherine.
“She was standing in front of the cave. Her eyes held no fear, only curiosity. That, I admit, was a bit unnerving. She stepped forward and held out her hand for the knife. I placed it into her open palm, accepting defeat, expecting to soon hear the cries for help. But instead was shocked to see her cut into her own arm and replicate my movements, letting her blood trickle out and down, directing it to the edges of the old woman’s wound. Then to my utter amazement, Catherine held out her arm for my inspection, so I could observe her unmarked skin. It was then that I knew I had found another, someone who was just like me.
‘How long have you known that your blood could heal?’ I asked her.
‘That is the first time I’ve ever tried,’ she softly answered. ‘I watched you and saw your wound heal itself. My body also heals itself. But I have never tried to heal another. That is truly amazing. I can do something amazing.’ She smiled at the realization.
‘It is a gift,’ I said to you,” James turned to face Catherine, squeezing her hand.
“Finding another soul like me, that was my gift.” Catherine smiled at James.
“I grabbed you, brought you into my arms, and held onto you tightly. You returned my embrace and relief washed over us both. The comfort of knowing we were no longer alone was almost overwhelming.” James lovingly caressed Catherine’s cheek and then turned his attention back to Link and continued.
“I was overjoyed to have found this beautiful creature. She was meant for me, I was sure of it. I begged her to leave with me but she insisted that she stay, to care for her friend. I wrapped up the old woman’s leg and prayed for the best, hoping that our blood had at least fought back the infection. Catherine and I said our goodbyes and promised to meet again soon. In the early dawn I scrambled back to my tent, hating that she was not by my side. There was a new emptiness inside of me.”
“It was just as hard for me to watch you leave,” Catherine said to James. “But I really did feel the need to stay with my friend. She had been through so much.”
“A few days later, the Union declared victory as the Confederates surrendered. I knew that I would also be surrendering as well. My need to be rejoined with Catherine was greater than anything I had previously experienced. I disappeared the day after the surrender was made formal. I fled north to Chicago, no longer on my own, my beautiful Catherine was right there by my side. What Catherine had said the night we had met, that finding each other was a gift, was the truth. And I’d have been a fool to let that gift slip through my fingers.”
“I’m always right,” Catherine teased.
“I won’t argue with that.” James smiled. “It was on our journey to Chicago that we had our first run-in with the Lord family. We traveled upriver by steamboat, on one of the Anchor Line boats. Our stop at Hickman, Kentucky proved to be quite an educational one. You see, we stayed the night at a small inn by the dock, and while eating dinner at the inn, I was alarmed by the countless number of people whispering about the Lords. I had no idea, at the time, to what they were referring, so I told Catherine to start eavesdropping until we found out.
‘Jeremiah Lord claims he finally found one,’ an old man said.
‘One what?’ his companion asked.
‘One of them witches he’s always warning about,’ he answered. ‘Said he’s got him captured, down on his property. Said he’ll make an example of him tonight. Said ‘twas God’s orders. Crazy as a bat that one,’ the old man continued.
‘Jeremiah Lord?’ his companion pondered. ‘Doesn’t he live alone with his son Ezra? Wife left him a few years back, said she couldn’t account for his rantings anymore?’
‘Yep, that’s him. I’m headed over there after you and I finish eating,’ the old man informed his companion. “I want to see what he’s up to.’
“Catherine and I decided to follow him after our meal, and we ended on at Jeremiah Lord’s property. At the time of our arrival, a small crowd was gathered around the outside of the house. We found a spot to hide, in some brush and trees, just out of sight. I looked at this man, of forty odd years, standing with one arm on his grown son’s shoulder, the other holding a large bible up above his head. He was ranting about abominations in the eyes of God. His son stood quietly beside him, nodding in agreement.
“At one point, the son quietly departed and went around to the back of the house. When Ezra Lord returned he held a rope in his hand, the other end of which was tied around the neck of a young man. He couldn’t have been more than eighteen, by the looks of him. He was a small man, shorter than most. His eyes danced around the crowd with fear.
‘This creature is no man,’ Jeremiah preached. ‘It is a serpent sent straight from hell. He has conjured up all the powers of Lucifer himself, I tell you. Bear witness to the works of the Devil,’ he said in a frenzied voice, and then nodded toward his son.
“Ezra took a large hunting knife and ran its blade across the boy’s cheek. A deep cut was made and then seemed to disappear before our eyes. An audible gasp was heard throughout the crowd. Catherine and I stared at each other. Fear struck our hearts, like a bolt of lightning. This boy, who was surely like us, had been captured. It was the thing that we most dreaded.
‘More proof,’ Ezra yelled to the crowd as he ripped the boy’s shirt off and dragged the knife across his belly. The boy cried out in pain and doubled forward. A moment later Ezra straightened him up, to the shock of the crowd again. The deep wound was nowhere to be found.
“The boy cried out, ‘I am not a harm, not a threat. I’m just a traveler. Let me go in peace,’ he pleaded.
‘You shall go in peace, traveler. Your death shall bring you to the Light. God may redeem your soul, but only if you repent your evil ways and pray for forgiveness,’ Jeremiah’s voice rang out.
‘Please,’ the boy whispered.
“The blur of action that took place next is forever burned into our memories. We didn’t expect the swift condemnation of the boy, from the Lords or from the crowd. Before we took our next breath, Jeremiah pulled his sword from its sheath, and held it high in the air. The small crowd had been worked into a mighty frenzy. Jeremiah took a step back and swung the sword with all his might, aiming for the boy’s neck. A clean cut was made through the flesh. Another swing - and the head was removed from the body. A torch was thrown to the body, with wood and kindling added until a raging fire ensued. Death became a mist that hung in the air.” James paused and lowered his head.
“That night still haunts me,” Catherine murmured. “Jeremiah vowed to continue the hunt. I can still hear his voice.”
“‘I declare that it will be my mission, and my son’s, and his sons’, to find the evil in this world and annihilate it from existence,’ Jeremiah boomed as the fire consumed what was left of the body,” James told us.
“Catherine and I returned to the inn as quickly as possible, not leaving our room until the next day, but only to board the steamboat and depart from the danger. While on the boat, we listened to every conversation we could hear, trying to find out more information about the Lords. We lucked out and were able to piece together several bits of gossip from the more talkative passengers onboard.”
Catherine chimed in with the details. “We discovered that Jeremiah claimed to have accidentally shot a young man while out hunting, twenty years earlier. He cried out an apology, then trekked across a clearing to check on the man... to make sure he was not badly hurt. Apparently when he got close enough, he witnessed the man wiping blood from his arm, but no injury was apparent. Jeremiah said the young man then ran off into the forest but he was too afraid to follow,” she explained.
“Jeremiah had never let that day leave his memory, talking about it all the time, searching the forests for the young man. For twenty plus years he had searched, to the detriment of his marriage and to the detriment of his mental health. He became a crazed zealot, preaching about the evil things that live among us. He brought up his son Ezra in an environment of hate and fear. The mistake of the Immortal young man had been to cross paths with Jeremiah Lord once more,” Catherine finished.
“My mistake was that I did not speak up for the boy,” James admonished himself.
“You cannot hold yourself responsible for that,” Link insisted.
“I always picture Catherine or Charity in that young man’s place. And it is simply an unimaginable horror for me. If I had stopped Jeremiah then, that boy would still be alive. Then maybe the Lord children, and grandchildren, would never have taken up the hunt,” James replied.
“Or maybe you and Catherine would have been captured by the crowd and killed as well,” I chided. “Then where would I be? You saved me. I don’t know what I would have done after Roger’s death if I didn’t have you two. They would’ve had to lock me in an insane asylum. I would have been turned over to the Government once it was discovered that I wasn’t aging and that I could heal myself,” I declared.
“No, James. You must not fault yourself. Everything happens for a reason. Charity is right. We might have been killed too. You must not hold yourself responsible. Jeremiah Lord killed that boy and there is nothing we could have done to stop him. It happened too fast for us to intervene. I believe the reason we were witness to that gruesome scene was to become more aware. We both knew there were people who thought we were evil. But real danger had eluded us. After that night we knew exactly what would happen if we were to ever be discovered by those with malice in their hearts,” Catherine stated. “All these years, James... You’ve held onto that guilt for much too long.” She held on to his face and pushed the hair back from his downturned eyes. Catherine cupped his cheeks in her hands and leaned forward to kiss him – a sweet, tender, loving kiss.
“Thank you... for loving me,” he murmured.
“Always,” she whispered back.

Alone again later that night, halfway through an old musical (Link was being gracious), Link paused the movie, “They really love each other,” he said.
“Who?” I puzzled.
“Catherine and James,” he said. “They are each the half that makes the other whole.”
“Yes, they are. They have an extensive history together,” I answered.
“We could be that,” he said, his eyes intent, intense.
“We could,” I agreed with slight hesitation.
“I need to know more about you, your history. Can I quiz you a bit?” he asked.
“Fire away,” I said, “but I get answers from you too.”
“Where were you born?”
“San Diego – You?”
“Mesa, Arizona. When we first met, you said your birthday was in February. Later when I figured out who you really were you said something about March.”
“Emily Johnston’s birthday is February tenth - arbitrary date. My birthday is March twenty-second,” I explained. “James and Catherine always celebrate both. I get two birthdays! When is yours?” I asked.
“April sixteenth, I only get one,” he quipped.
“What’s the best city that you’ve lived in, so far?” I asked him.
“Here,” he answered with simple honesty. “I met you.”
“I can’t argue with that.” I leaned forward to give him a quick kiss.
“On the ride to Montrose you said the vehicles from the Fifties were so stylish. What was your favorite?”
“I’ll say the Thunderbird, convertible. But that is the only favorite I’ll give. I have been alive for too long to have absolute favorites. I like so many different things, it is too hard to pick just one,” I answered.
“Okay, no favorites. How about siblings?” he asked.
“None, only child, like you – I’ve assumed,” I said.
“Correct. What else?” Link paused in thought.
“Nothing else,” I answered. “The past isn’t all that important right now. You know the basics - where and when I was born, my connection to your family. You know my many of my weaknesses and my strengths. You know I love you and I know you love me.”
“That I do,” he said as he wrapped his arms around me.
“We’ll make our own history,” I said as I snuggled into his embrace. “I’ll give you one more favorite,” I whispered. “Being in your arms... that is my favorite place to be.”


****

chapter eleven
DELICATE THREADS
 
I took off first, daring him to catch me. I was better at it now, better than I should be. But then I always picked up new skills quite quickly. We were in the Enchanted Forest, weaving through the trees. I could hear him behind me, getting closer. A cackle escaped his lips, I pushed myself harder. He would not overcome me. I was not willing to accept defeat.
A split-second later, a blur whizzed by my right side. It came to an abrupt halt, creating a white haze before my eyes.
“You stink,” I complained. “Couldn’t you let me win just once?” I whined to him.
“At the rate you’re going you’ll be kicking my butt in no time. I will be the victor for as long as I can,” Link whooped, raising his arms in triumph.
“You’re right I can wait. I’ve got nothing but time. Do you think they make wheel chairs with skis on them for the old folks?” I asked, sticky sweet, as I skied over to him.
“Oh, you are wicked,” he declared. “But I still won.”
“Fine, you won,” I conceded. “I like that trail. It really feels like you are lost in an Enchanted Forest. I even have a Knight in shining armor, of sorts, to watch over me,” I teased.
“Mr. Knight is at your service Miss Johnston.” Link performed his best, full ski gear, bow. “You are Emily Johnston today, aren’t you?” he asked.
“Yes, we are in public. I realize that switching back and forth can be a little difficult. I slipped up, the night you found me, after I fell on the mountain,” I confessed.
“When?” Link puzzled.
“You asked my name and I actually said Charity,” I reminded him.
“Oh, that’s right,” he whispered as he remembered the moment. “Then you said, ‘I don’t need your charity,’ to cover your mistake.”
“It worked.” I shrugged. “Sixty plus years of lying, makes one quite believable.” I put my sticky sweet smile back on, pushed off with my poles, and skied away.
He easily caught up with me, and ordered, “Stay on Double Cabin.” As he passed me, he pointed to the left and yelled, “Galloping Goose and then Bridges.”
Enchanted Forest, Double Cabin, Galloping Goose, and then Bridges – those were four of the countless names that were staked throughout the slopes on signposts. The mountain was a labyrinth of ski trails. Navigating your way down could easily be compared to driving the freeways of a large metropolitan city. The ski trails are the tangle of freeways that join each other at various junctures. The skiers are the drivers that must watch for signposts carefully. A name and an arrow mark the way for each trail and the skiers then merge, hopefully without crashing. Near misses were aplenty that day. Some skiers lost control of their vehicle and were involved in a single car accident, or caused a minor crash. Luckily I was spared the embarrassment and the inconvenience.
The fear of a bad fall, with an obvious injury, was ever present in my mind. I curtailed my usual recklessness. The influx of people during peak ski season kept the trails filled with witnesses. If we could ski somewhere truly remote, completely by ourselves, I would really let myself go. Then Link would genuinely have something to contend with.
We skied on, knees slightly bent, skis zigzagging, making our way down the mountain. Link stayed by my side, my ever-present sentry. He was always on the lookout now. My guilt, for bringing him into this life of mine, was growing. But I could not imagine going on without him. Prior to Link I was merely living; a day-to-day drudge through life. With Link by my side, I felt truly alive.
In no time at all we reached the bottom and slid back in line for Lift Ten. I was starting to feel like a yo-yo – up and down, up and down. We had repeated the scenario several times already, varying the route just a little for each trip down. I was beginning to tire.
“Last one,” I exhaled, as we were lifted into the air.
“Are you sure? The lifts don’t close for another hour,” Link pointed out.
“I’d rather be snuggled under a blanket, sipping hot chocolate by the fire, with you,” I breathed, resting my head on his shoulder.
“I can’t argue with that, but let’s make it a good one.”
“What does that mean?” I groaned, wary of his use of the term good one.
“After we get off Ten, let’s take Eleven up, then ski over to Twelve and take her up too. Galloping Goose runs the whole way down, and back home. It is a beautiful trail, you’ll love it.” Link smiled my smile and I was helpless.
“If one more run will keep that smile on your face, you’ve got it. Do you realize you just called a ski lift – her? I’m thinkin’ maybe I should be a bit jealous here. Maybe you rather ski than be spending time with me?” I teased.
“I’m getting the best of both worlds today,” he assured.
“The bead tree,” I exclaimed, immediately distracted by the sight. “I keep forgetting.”
Up ahead, I could just make out the bead tree, on our left hand side. I had noticed it during our first trip up this lift (days ago) and marveled at the little bit of Mardi Gras that had somehow made its way to a snowy mountainside in Colorado. The tall evergreen was covered in colorful strings of beads, which had been thrown by skiers. Some were weathered and faded, others were bright shiny and new. Each one represented a different skier, but together they created a symbol of celebration. I reached into my jacket pocket and extracted the strand that I had stowed away before we’d left the house.
I put the beads up to Link’s face, “Kiss it,” I ordered with a grin. He complied and I gave it a kiss as well. As soon as we were near enough, I chucked it toward the tree. It landed perfectly, ringing around a waiting branch. “There we are.” I turned back to Link and pointed to the necklace. “We will be in that tree, forever.”
I had dared to leave a little bit of myself, out in the open. I realized that it was safe. No one would ever be able to track it back to me. But I was so used to covering my tracks, making sure that no traces of Charity were left whenever we moved on. I had abandoned my own name years ago. If I was entering a high school I was always absent on picture day. Databases were scrubbed clean of ID photos. Handwriting experts had taught me well, the art of altering one’s writing so that it was unrecognizable. Charity didn’t exist anymore, except to Catherine and James, and now to Link as well. It was comforting to know that a little bit of her was also in that tree, no matter how insignificant it may seem.
I followed Link from lift to lift, until we reached the top of Galloping Goose. It was officially the highest I’d ever been on the mountain – almost twelve thousand feet. I found it beautiful and eerie all at the same time. We’d stopped in a wide flat area, after getting off the lift. The view was undeniably beautiful. The top of the mountain, its rocky edges jutting out of the snow, was in full view. Then I noticed all the rope. We were at the edge. The boundary lines were staked in the snow, rope strung, and warning signs hung, letting everyone know that danger awaited anyone who dared to cross the line. I stayed as far away from the edge as I could.
“Come on, scaredy cat. I can’t believe a girl, who can self heal, is shying away from danger,” he taunted.
“Too many witnesses.” I pointed to all the skiers as they passed by. “Do you want me to have to leave tomorrow? ...flee in the middle of the night?” I asked.
“Point taken, stay away from the edge. Let’s go,” he urged, digging his poles into the snow.
“Okay, okay...” I pushed off.
Again we skied, Link by my side. I watched the snow glisten in the sun as we flew down the mountainside. It had a twinkle and a shine to it, as it reflected the light. It looked like fairies had come along and sprinkled glitter over the entire surface of the snow. It was beautiful. This day was beautiful. Link was beautiful. 
There was an energy that radiated from him when he was doing the things he loved. He seemed to sparkle around the edges to me, as he reached out to touch my hand. His brilliant smile was plastered on his face, almost a permanent fixture when we were on the mountain. I hated the thought that by the end of the night it would probably be gone, replaced by the calm but worried mask I’d caused him to wear before.
When we reached the house my cheeks, tingling from the icy wind, were flushed. Link’s were bright red. Once all our gear was removed and placed in the garage, we headed toward the kitchen. We needed warmth.
“Hot chocolate coming right up,” I giggled as Link playfully pushed me into the room.
Catherine stood, waiting by the counter. I froze. “Did you tell him?” she asked.
A wall of guilt slammed against me. I had been stalling her for days now. “Not yet,” I replied.
“What? What are you not telling me?” Link asked, stunned by my visible apprehension.
“Charity, you promised us.” Catherine eyed me with disappointment. “They’ll be here tomorrow. They always show up on Christmas Eve.”
“I know... I know... I was going to tell him tonight. I swear.” It was the truth. I was putting it off until the last minute. Although, there was a part of me that just wanted to wait until late tomorrow – right before they walked through the door.
“Hello... I’m right here...” Link waved his arms at the two of us. “Tell me now,” he ordered.
“Some friends of ours will be here tomorrow night,” Catherine turned toward him. “Charity...” She poked my shoulder.
The impact forced me to wake from my momentary coma. I was trying to figure out a way to lessen the blow. I prayed he could handle it.
“S-Sorry,” I stammered. “As Catherine said, we have guests arriving tomorrow. There will be two for sure. Sometimes they bring friends. I hope they don’t this year. That might be too much. Marcus and Eve...” I trailed off. I was babbling.
“And these friends, Marcus and Eve, are special?” Link asked, trying to help me along.
“Yes,” I breathed.
“Immortals, like you,” he continued.
“Not quite Immortals.” I paused. “Not exactly like us.” I glanced at Catherine pleading for help.
“How are they not like you?” Link asked, hesitant now.
“Remember how you asked me what I was, that day you showed me your grandfather’s photo album? You asked if I was a Vampire or a Witch.” I cringed, just a little, as the words left my mouth.
“Yes,” he said.
“Well...” I shrugged.
“They are one of those things?” He looked at Catherine, she just nodded her head. “Which one are they?”
“Witches,” I whispered.
“Witches...” Link froze.
“Please don’t freak,” I begged. “I know this is a lot. I should have told you earlier, but I just wanted to give you time to adjust to me and to my situation before I burdened your mind with this reality too. Just weeks ago, you were oblivious to the existence of Immortals. Now you know I’m one and tomorrow you’ll be meeting Witches. Oh, I wish this wasn’t all happening so fast.”
“Just tell me I’m not in danger,” he said quietly.
“Marcus and Eve, and their – let’s say – associates, have made a conscious effort to leave the nontoxic, as they say, alone. But they do tend to pester those they consider detrimental,” I explained.
“You’re talking in riddles,” Link accused.
“They are our friends, Link, they will do you no harm,” I promised him, hoping I was right.
“Alright, I trust you. You said not quite Immortals, not quite like you? What makes them different?” he asked, putting his calm mask on.
I hated that I knew what was underneath that mask. The calm wasn’t real… yet.
“They age, but at a drastically slower rate. They also have powers, real powers. Some are external, something that they can display outside their bodies, and some are internal, a mental power,” I explained.
“There would be no reason for them to use these powers to harm you. It is your decision, you can choose to not be here,” Catherine offered.
“I’ll be fine. Wherever Charity is, that is where I’ll be,” Link stated.
“I love you,” I said, my lips pressed to his shoulder.
“I love you,” he said and kissed the top of my head.
We had never put a mortal alone in a room with Marcus, Eve, or their friends before. We had all been out together, in many cities. They were as concerned as we were about discovery. I just couldn’t see them harming someone unless provoked. But still, I worried. 
The stream of questions came as soon as we were alone, behind closed doors.
“What are they like?” Link asked.
“Marcus has a great sense of humor, and Eve is just sweet,” I answered.
“A sweet Witch.” He shook his head. “I mean, what are Witches like? The real ones,” he clarified.
“Well, James thinks that they were originally a genetic offshoot from us. There are similarities.”
“But their powers are the difference,” he pointed out.
“Yes. We can heal, that is our only power. They have at least two, and gain others as they age,” I said.
Link sat down on the chair at my desk. “So how do they age?” he asked.
“James has been tracking their progress for about fifty years. They give him blood samples whenever they visit. He thinks that about ten human years it equal to one Witch year. The ageing process doesn’t actually slow down until after their body reaches maturity, sometime after puberty. That is also when their powers begin to emerge,” I explained.
“Explain their powers to me. I’d rather know now than be shocked with them later and act like a fool in front of your friends.”
“I’ll start with Marcus,” I said, sitting down on the edge of the bed. “Marcus finds lost items. It sounds silly, but whenever something is dropped or misplaced within about a fifty-mile radius of him. He gets these mental flashes of what the item is, exactly where it was misplaced, and then how it was lost. Because they are just images, he calls it a useless power... unless everyone had a name and a phone number tattooed on their forehead. But if he knows you, it’s very helpful.
“Last Christmas he found my pearl earring. I went to the movies with Eve and one fell out in the theatre. He texted me immediately, to tell me it was under my seat. So I personally love that power,” I paused to look at Link. He was still wearing his calm mask. But otherwise he appeared okay, so I continued. “Marcus also commands fire. He creates it in the palm of his hand and then can direct it to do his bidding. That one you’ll just have to see. It really is amazing.”
“Creates fire in the palm of hand,” Link repeated. “And what can Eve do?” he pressed, ready for more.
“Eve can create a blast of energy, a shock wave that would knock you off your feet,” I answered.
“So what’s her other power? You said they have a mental one,” he reminded me.
“She knows things. When you get in front of her and she concentrates on your energy, your aura, she will know everything about you... past and present,” I replied.
“So no secrets from Eve, I assume.”
“You assume correctly.”
“Can they be hurt? Can they die? Can they be killed?” he bombarded.
“They can sustain injuries, like I can, but their bodies will also heal. Legends conclude that they will die eventually, but we’ve never met one old enough to judge when that might happen. They can be killed. Beheaded and burned, just like me,” I ended on a somber note.
“No broomsticks for flying?” he joked.
“They can’t fly. Although they are extremely swift and agile, which would give the appearance of flight to the mortal eye,” I explained. “There is a grain of truth to most legends.”
Link stared at the corner of the room, his expression blank.
“Are you with me?” I asked.
“I’m just taking it all in. The frail and delicate threads that were holding my world together, are slowly deteriorating,” he attempted to smile. “Is there anything else you want to shake it up with?”
“Vampires do exist,” I whispered.
“I figured that might be so. Do you know any?”
“Yes, a few. There is one I’d definitely consider a friend of the family. But he doesn’t come around as often as the Witches. We probably share a genetic link with the Vampires too. James theorizes that Immortals and Witches share ancestry. At one point in history an Immortal or a Witch was able to create a Vampire by giving a mortal enough of their blood that a metamorphic event occurred. James attempted to experiment... years ago... He tried to collect enough of his own blood to let somebody drink it. But even with a syringe, he can only extract a small amount. The veins push the needle out. The need to self heal is too strong,” I paused, studying Link’s face.
“Are there good ones? ... Vampires I mean, or are they all evil blood suckers?” He sighed in defeat. Link had reached his limit of new information.
“Just as there are good and bad people, there are good and bad Immortals, Witches, and Vampires. All beings make choices in this world. Yes, Vampires need blood to survive, but they can choose where that blood comes from. A person can offer a portion willingly, an animal can be sacrificed, donated blood can always be found, and then sometimes it is taken without permission and death occurs,” I explained.
“Do they go up in flames and burn up in the sun?” he asked.
“Myth,” I answered. “Sunlight burns their eyes. Then they are blinded until they have time to heal. That can take days and would also leave them vulnerable to an attack. It just makes more sense for them to avoid the sunlight altogether,” I explained.
“There are more things that go bump in the night, aren’t there?” Link gravely asked.
“Yes, there are, but I think that’s enough information for today,” I said, reaching my arms out, beckoning him to come closer.
He stood up and walked over to the bed, to stand in front of me. I tilted my head up and tugged at his arms. He bent forward to receive the kiss that was waiting on my lips. I was eager to replace the confused and worried look on his face with something more pleasing to my eye.
He responded to my touch immediately, with his own ardent embrace. He leaned in further, so that his arms rested on the bed. My neck extended so far that I was forced to lie down or break the embrace. I scooted back toward the pillows and Link followed, crawling across the bed with me, his lips never leaving mine.
My arms moved upward, my hands lingered on his hips and then travelled up the sides of his body. I pulled back and he raised his head no more than a few inches. I traced his entire face with the tips of my fingers. When my fingers reached his mouth, he kissed them and then lowered his head to kiss the tip of my nose, then my chin. His lips worked their way from my chin to my ear where he softly whispered my name.
I turned my head so my lips could find his again. His hand moved down my side and slipped under the small of my back, as we turned onto our sides. We stayed that way - a mirror of each other, face to face, chest to chest, knees touching, sweetly kissing – not long enough it seemed, until my head began to swirl and my breath became ragged.
His hand moved from my back, to my hip, and rested on my thigh. I twined my leg around his, pressing my body closer. He grew suddenly still.
“Did I do something wrong?” I worried, trying to pull back my leg.
“No, you are doing everything right,” he held onto me tightly. “I just remembered a promise I made to Catherine last week, while you were in school,” he murmured softly between kisses.
“What did she ask you to do?” I groaned, knowing the answer.
“To take things slow, because it has been so long since Roger, and because there has been no one in between,” he said.
“I could have guessed. She is worried about me,” I said.
“Did you ever... with Roger?” He asked the question I was dreading.
“Would it matter to you?” I whispered, hiding my face in his chest.
“No, but I want to do the right thing here,” he said moving his hand to the small of my back again.
“I want this,” I breathed, “I mean I think I want this. I don’t know. My head starts to spin and my brain goes on vacation, and it feels so right. But to answer your question, I never have - not with Roger – not with anyone. I am probably the most experienced inexperienced person on this earth. I am a really, really, old virgin,” I admitted, and quickly turned my body to face the opposite direction.
“Charity,” he whispered in my ear, pulling my back against his chest, never letting me out of his embrace. “There is no shame in that.” He moved my hair and gently kissed the back of my neck.
“But you’re not,” I assumed.
“No, I’m not, and it was a mistake. Since the day that I met you, I knew that you were something extraordinary. In these last few weeks, I’ve realized that my whole life has been a journey that eventually led me right here, to you. I should have known you were out there. I should have waited for you,” he said holding onto me even tighter.
“I’m so glad you’re mine,” I whispered, my voice breaking.
“I am yours,” he whispered back. “But this can wait. Neither of us is going anywhere.”
I closed my eyes for a moment, and wondered... How did I get to be so lucky? 
I snuggled further in toward his chest, not yet able to speak. The last of the delicate threads... the ones that had well guarded and protected my fragile heart for several decades... were beginning to unravel. For the first time, in this very long life, I didn’t feel the need to strengthen or repair them.


****

chapter twelve
OZ
 
We stayed that way, in each other’s arms, just a few minutes more. We seemed to get into these long conversations right around the time we should be eating. Link’s stomach started gurgling quite loudly and I dragged him downstairs to forage for food.
I stood at the stovetop toasting up two grilled cheese sandwiches, drowning them in fact, with tons of butter. Link sat at the counter, waiting patiently.
“Ever get the feeling that we are not in Kansas anymore?” Link asked, after a few moments.
“I can hardly remember what Kansas ever looked like,” I admitted. “This life is really all that I know anymore. I don’t want to do that to you. I feel guilty about opening your eyes to the world that is really out there. Sometimes I think you would have been better off if you weren’t acquainted with all of this.”
“But if I didn’t know this,” he mused, “then I wouldn’t know you and I’m completely unwilling to give you up. So, I’ll just get used to where I am, and say goodbye to Kansas. It’s not as if I can turn back time and prevent the tornado from coming. It already tore through here. But don’t worry, it didn’t destroy anything irreplaceable. I think I was pretty lucky. It brought you to me.” He smiled.
“Yeah, well, we’ll see how you feel about your lucky tornado tomorrow – after you meet the next group of people it is bringing your way,” I said as I placed the sandwiches on two plates and then the plates down on the counter.
“Speaking of tomorrow... Do you have any Christmas Eve traditions that I should be aware of?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” I said after I had swallowed my first bite. “I always go to church. It was something that I did with my parents. James and Catherine joined me after I came to live with them.”
“Church...” Link mumbled, through a mouthful.
“I’ll put it this way - it is the one part of Kansas that I still like to visit. I’ve gone to every kind of religious meeting imaginable during this life of mine. There is a comfort that I get from it, from hearing that a part of me will go on when my time on this earth ends. There is no guarantee that I will live forever,” I explained. “You don’t have to go with me.”
“It’s just that I haven’t stepped into a church since Grandma died. Grandpa shut down after she was gone and I shut down after he was gone.” He shrugged. “I’d be happy to join you.”
“Thank you,” I beamed, but quickly straightened my face. I hated myself sometimes for allowing another person to affect me so much. I was becoming too attached to him.
“Anything else?” Link asked, breaking the silence.
I put a smile back on and answered. “After church we come back home and finish trimming the tree that James will be bringing home any minute now,” I finished.
“I was wondering about a tree. I’m glad you guys do one. That was one thing that I loved to do with Grandma, trim the tree. I saved a few of her favorite ornaments. They’re in the bedroom closet, back at my apartment. We’ll have to stop by there when we go into town tomorrow,” he said.
“Absolutely,” I agreed. “Oh goody, James just pulled onto the driveway. Let’s finish up quickly so we can go outside and help bring the tree in,” I said and took an enormous bite.
“That super-hearing still creeps me out,” Link said as he stuffed the last of his sandwich in his mouth. 
James had brought home a hulking monster of a Christmas tree, which was slightly dwarfed by the size of the room we placed it in. The four of us managed to get the tree up and had it partially trimmed in less than an hour. I saved the Angel that would adorn the top, for Christmas Eve. It had been a tradition of my mother’s.
The scent of the evergreen wafted through the air and mixed with the cinnamon laced cider we drank. Soon, the room was filled with the sweet aroma of Christmas.
“It’s looking so beautiful,” I sighed as we finished for the night.
“Why don’t we settle in for a traditional Christmas movie?” James suggested.
“It’s a Wonderful Life!” Catherine exclaimed.
“Grandma and Grandpa loved that movie. We watched it at least once a year.” Link smiled at the memory.
“Perfect choice. I remember going to the theatre to see it when it first came out. There were some great movies that got me through the rest of the Forties,” I sighed.
“Man, you are old,” Link teased.
“And you are a young pup,” I cried, and smacked him soundly on his back.
“Stop fighting, children,” Catherine playfully scolded.
“I’ll put the movie in. Link, why don’t you start a fire? There are some logs in the fireplace already. You’ll find matches in the silver case on the mantle,” James instructed.
“Got it,” Link said, flashed me an exaggerated scowl, and crossed the room to the fireplace.
I smirked back at him as Catherine and I each sat on one of the overstuffed leather sofas, waiting for our partners to join us. I grabbed the blanket that rested on the back of the couch and draped it across my lap, tucking it under my legs. I wiggled my toes, enjoying the feel of the soft fuzzy material against my bare feet.
James inserted the DVD and took his place beside Catherine, remote in hand. She immediately snuggled herself into his side.
Link knelt down in front of the fireplace, removed a long match from the silver case, and was about to strike it - when it happened.
A ball of glowing red whizzed between the two couches. My hair stirred and my cheek grew warm as the breath of hot air blew by. The fireball streamed through the room, barely missing Link’s left shoulder as it landed in the fireplace. The logs were instantly bathed in flames as a roaring fire appeared. Link fell backward, bracing himself with his hands, abandoning the silver case to let it fall, clanging onto the floor. I jumped up.
“Marcus,” I cried out with joy, turning around to find him. “And Eve!” I smiled when I saw the two of them standing in the back of the room. “You’re early!” I exclaimed as I rushed over to give them each a hug.
I stood there a moment, taking the two of them in. Marcus was the perpetual stylish, modern young man, no matter the decade. He wasn’t a tall man, standing around five foot ten. But if some thought he lacked height, he made up for it in sheer confidence. Simply the way he walked through a room, and his well-maintained frame, turned heads wherever he went, I was sure of it. But he only had eyes for Eve.
Eve had cut her formerly waist length hair much shorter. It now fell just below her shoulders, like mine. People had often mistaken us for sisters, and now the resemblance was even greater. We had the same hair color, eye color, were roughly the same height and weight. She rarely packed a bag when they came to visit. She loved to raid my closet.
“We decided to surprise you,” Eve giggled.
“How did they surprise you? Couldn’t you hear them?” Link wondered aloud as he stood and straightened himself back up.
“Yes,” James puzzled. “How did you do that?”
“Eve gained a new power. She can block sound now,” Marcus glowered. He cocked his head toward Link, raised an eyebrow, and asked with the ever-present hint of an English accent. “What’s with the mortal?”
He could make the accent disappear if he really wanted to.
“Charity has found a companion. She’s in love with him,” Eve answered, absorbing the details from my mind.
“With a mortal? Really, Charity!” Marcus exclaimed.
“Leave it be, he will not expose anyone. He’s quickly becoming part of our family. He’s good for Charity,” Catherine said as she crossed the room to greet our friends. “Welcome to Telluride,” she finished.
“Welcome,” James echoed her greeting.
“Come,” Eve instructed Link, gesturing with her hands. “Give your new friend a proper greeting.”
He walked forward, but came to a stop a few feet in front of Eve. He seemed unsure of what to do next. Eve closed the distance between them in the blink of an eye. Link took an automatic step backward, stunned by her too-quick movement. Eve paused, waiting for Link’s reaction.
I went to his side and took hold of his arm. Link looked down at me and gave a small crooked smile.
“Link, may I introduce my friend Eve,” I began the introductions. “Eve, as you’ve already extracted from my head, this is Link.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Link finally spoke, and held his hand out in greeting.
Eve grabbed him and hugged him tightly. When she pulled back, she held onto his hands with her own and stared into his eyes. She held his gaze for a few moments, taking him in, absorbing him. The smile she wore grew broader, warmer, as she silently got to know the man that I was helplessly in love with.
“So, what’s the verdict?” Marcus asked, resting his arm across her shoulders.
“We like him,” Eve answered as she let go of Link’s hands and wrapped her arms around Marcus’s hips.
“Good enough for me. I’ve learned to never argue with your judgment. But really, Charity... a mortal.” Marcus shook his head.
“Lincoln comes from the same bloodline as Charity’s first love,” Eve offered.
“Fate brought us together,” I said.
“Fine...” Marcus conceded, “Good to meet you, Link,” he said, offering his hand.
“It’s good to meet you too, Marcus.” Link smiled a more confident smile and firmly shook the Witch’s hand.
A sharp intake of breath was immediately heard as Link extracted his hand from Marcus’s grasp and lightly shook it at his side.
“Marcus, be nice,” Eve scolded.
“I didn’t burn him. I was just having a little fun,” Marcus turned toward Eve. She frowned at him. “Sorry, man, bad joke,” he added, offering Link an apology.
“That’s a good trick you got there,” Link said.
“You think?” Marcus quipped and held out his hand, palm up.
A swirl of dim red light began to glow in the center of his open palm. A tiny spark flew, then another, and another. He was performing his “trick” in slow motion. A small flame flickered and then came to life, dancing in Marcus’s hand. The flame grew into a ball of fire. Marcus then brought his hand up, closer to his mouth, and gently blew. The flame began to separate, breaking off into six tiny shoots. Then, as if each of the six were in a race with each other, they darted away from him and flew across the room. Each flame brought to life one of the six different candles that were spread across the mantle.
“Marcus, you are such a showoff,” Eve sighed.
“It’s my one good power darling. Can’t I make the most of it?” He smiled a seductive smile.
“It’s a good thing I love you,” Eve scolded and kissed him full on the mouth.
“How are you doing?” I whispered to Link.
“I’m fine. I’m with you.” He flashed me my smile. 
“So, what’s been going on with our favorite family of Immortals?” Eve began.
The movie was abandoned. Our old routines fell into place and we sat down to talk. We often found ourselves in deep conversation, for hours on end, when our friends arrived. It was our way of catching up, of finding out what had happened in the time we had spent apart. But we discussed none of the usual things. Eve had learned about our current worries, when she had done her thorough scan of Link, and that was first on her list of topics.
“So, the Lords have found you again,” Eve stated.
“Really, James, you must let us stay and help out this time. I won’t take no for an answer,” Marcus added.
“But we don’t know that they are aware of your existence. We’d be putting you at risk,” James replied.
“Nonsense,” Eve said.
“But they are only after us. It is our responsibility,” Catherine pressed the issue.
“No more buts will be heard. We are here. We are your friends. We will stay, until we are sure that you are safe,” Marcus insisted.
“I have to agree with them,” Link spoke up. “After seeing the fear in Charity’s eyes, and the concern in both of yours,” he directed to James and Catherine. “I think a little extra help would be appreciated.”
“You are right, Link. It would be appreciated. I just do not want our friends to put themselves in danger,” James explained.
“You worry about your family, and we’ll worry about ourselves. They’re just two mortal boys,” Marcus countered.
“Two mortal men with access to an assortment of modern weapons,” James clarified. “And, I am quite sure they are well trained in combat.”
“We are not worried about those boys. We do have a slight advantage. I realize that our powers do not make us impenetrable, but they do tend to give us the upper hand, and can cause a fair amount of damage.” She smiled.
“That’s my girl,” Marcus beamed.
“Thank you both,” I whispered as a sense of calm washed over me. I knew that we were not in the clear, but the odds had changed, hopefully in our favor.
“So, you spotted Levi in the city of Montrose. Then he departed and was headed in the opposite direction,” Eve replayed the details.
“It’s only a matter of time then, until they find you here in Telluride,” Marcus surmised.
“What makes you so sure?” Link asked.
“They are hunters, trackers. It is their life’s work. They have no other goal. And, each generation seems to have become more skillful. If they are so close again after just a matter of months then, I hate to admit it, Marcus is right. It’s just a matter of time until they discover us,” James concluded.
“I’m glad you agree,” said Marcus.
“So, we’ll comb the town. I’ll scan everyone that I can get close enough to. If the name Lord, or the image I got from Charity’s memory, is in anyone’s head I’ll know,” Eve offered.
“And if either of them misplaces anything, I can tell you where it happened. Woo Hoo!” Marcus bragged, with heavy sarcasm. “Worthless,” he scowled.
“The fire thing is pretty cool,” Link assured him.
“Thanks, man.” Marcus gave a half smile. “My brother got all the really cool stuff. He can freeze every muscle in a living being. The effect lasts only about sixty seconds, but the skill is very useful. He knows, without fail, if someone is truthful with their words – Witch, Vamp, Immortal, whatever. Plus, he’s got the fire power too. I got the lost and found department.”
“I got nothin’. So you got two up on me,” Link offered.
“True... True enough,” Marcus admitted.
“Hey, if you don’t mind my asking, when were you born? It’s just that Charity will pop up with slang words from a different era every now and then. But I don’t get that from you, you seem more... I don’t know... modern,” Link asked.
“Born in the Nineteen Thirties, my friend,” Marcus answered. “I make it a point to keep up with the times. I don’t cling to the old. Twenty or Thirty years ago, in England, Eve and I met a Witch that was still speaking in this dialect that hadn’t been used for years. We could barely understand her; the mortals had an even harder time. She definitely drew a lot of unneeded attention her way.
“Another time, I spotted this Dark One who was wearing a... had to be an eighty year old suit. He was walking down the main street of some small town in Idaho, of all places, and sticking out like a sore thumb. Everyone was staring at him as he passed by. Those kind of things stick in the mind. They make me want to be aware of the changes around me. I dump my wardrobe every few years, I observe the people around me, and at times I probably watch too much Television,” Marcus answered.
“I dress modern,” I protested. “I admit right now it is High School modern. But I blend,” I went on.
Link put his hands up in defense, “I never mentioned your clothes. He brought up clothes all on his own. But you have to admit to the slang,” he insisted.
“Whatever you say, Big Daddy,” I smirked.
“... coming from the woman who is old enough to be my Great Grandmother. The best looking senior citizen I’ve ever seen,” Link teased. He then turned to look at Eve.
“Nineteen Twenties, like Charity,” Eve offered the information before being asked.
Link’s jaw dropped open, “Did you read that out of my mind?” he asked.
“No. Just a good guess. Freaked you out a little, eh? I don’t read minds. I just scan short and long term memories. If it’s locked up in your brain somewhere then I can see it, hear it, and almost experience it the way you did,” Eve explained.
“Okay, I don’t even want to go there. So... moving on then... Catherine?” Link asked. “You’re the only one I don’t know yet.”
“I’m the oldest one here... and we’ll talk about it later,” she brushed the topic away.
“Older than James?” he asked. Catherine nodded. “I’ll hold you to that,” Link said.
“So, Link, you up for playing tour guide tomorrow?” Eve pulled his attention away from Catherine.
“I think I can manage that,” he answered. 
The next day while Catherine and I went into the boutique and James went to work at the medical center, Link took Marcus and Eve on a tour of the town.
After an hour spent pacing up and down the center of the boutique and then fidgeting with the cash register a little too much, I’m pretty sure I was getting on Catherine’s last nerve. As soon as Lisa Ann, the part time sales girl, arrived, Catherine practically pushed me out onto Colorado Avenue and sent me out to find our friends. I couldn’t blame her though. I was getting on my own nerves.
I sent a text to Link immediately, “Where r u? Just left to find u.” 
A few seconds later, the phone buzzed in my hand with his response. “Coming your way. Stay on CO.”
I slowly walked along Colorado, waiting for them to show up. People were bustling along with their last minute purchases in hand. Their heavy coats, thick scarves, hats, and gloves protecting them from the bitter cold. Marcus was an easy target to spot, as he strolled my way, Eve and Link were in deep conversation right behind him.
I shook my head at him as he neared. “With all that talk of blending in last night, you’ve failed miserably today,” I chided him.
“We told him bundle up more,” Link and Eve chorused.
“It’s so claustrophobic. How do you put up with all the layers of clothing?” Marcus replied. “”There is a reason Eve and I have never chosen to live in such weather.”
“I know the cold doesn’t bother you. But at least Eve wore one of my coats and a pair of gloves. Long sleeves... Really, Marcus, was that all you could manage?” I continued with my criticism.
“It’s a sweater!” he protested in defense, raising his arm to show off the thinnest version of a sweater I’d ever seen.
“The least you could do is shiver a little, pretend it’s cold out. Come with me.” I seized his arm and dragged him into the nearest shop.
“Take your time,” Eve whispered in my ear, when we got inside. “I’ll see what they know.” She nodded toward the two girls behind the counter.
“A scarf and gloves,” I stated, pointing to the rack that contained both items.
He stood still, not wanting to give in to my demands.
“Please,” I pleaded with Marcus.
“Okay, okay, but I’m not promising to come here next Christmas,” he muttered. “What do you call all the old people that flock to Arizona in the winter?” He turned to Link.
“Snow Birds?” Link responded
“Yeah, Snow Birds. Consider me a Snow Bird – if there is snow on the ground then I’ll be flying away from it,” Marcus replied.
“You can’t fly, and you love me too much to abandon me at Christmas. Anyway, you don’t hate snow. You just don’t like bundling up. But we’re out in public, and you know you like to blend. So blend,” I finished and threw a scarf at him.
“What’s her name here again?” Marcus whispered to Link.
“Emily,” he whispered back.
“Do we really love Emily too much to abandon her at Christmas time?” Marcus called out to Eve as she pretended to browse the items at the sales counter.
“Yes we do,” she answered back.
“I concede,” Marcus bowed to me and picked up a pair of leather gloves.
He took his purchases to the counter and we were soon out the door, walking down the street again.
“Get anything?” Link asked Eve.
Eve batted her eyelashes at Link. “Other than listening to them whisper about how cute you are, and how upset they are that you’ve chosen to rob the cradle instead of date one of them? No, they don’t know anything useful,” she teased. “They think you’re cute too,” she hooked arms with Marcus.
“Well everyone thinks that.” He smiled a devilish smile.
“Cute like a puppy, I think.” I messed with his hair.
“Hey, you, stop that,” Marcus protested.
Eve ignored us both. Her mind had moved on to the task at hand. “Okay, we’ve pretty much covered this main street here. You found Levi at a diner. Everyone’s got to eat sometime. So, let’s sit down for lunch, somewhere off the main road,” Eve suggested.
“We’ll go over to the brewpub. They have these bread nuggets, sprinkled with parmesan, and served with marinara... mouth watering. I have been craving them since I got up this morning,” Link suggested.
“Mortals!” Marcus shook his head and we started the quick walk to the brewpub.
We sat at a table in the middle of the restaurant. This gave Eve a central location, enabling her to scan as many people as possible.
“Getting anything?” Link asked, after consuming his (had to be) eighth nugget.
“It’s hard to say. I’m only tapping into the last two days or so, a quick scan. But when I do it to so many people, it starts to muddle together. I have found, that people sure are concerned with dogs around here. I’ve already seen at least four images, from customers and the staff, of some guy walking a dog that looks, and I quote, ‘a heck of a lot like that other husky, but the eyes are different’. One of the sales girls, at that last shop we were in, had that in her head as well. Who the heck pays that much attention to a dog?” she sounded tired.
“The people here do, especially the locals. They’re all about dogs,” I answered her. “Look around... woman walking a dog, dog tied up outside a store, another dog, and another... dogs are everywhere in Telluride.” I pointed out just the few I could see immediately outside the window. 
“What did the guy look like? Did he look like the guy we saw in Montrose? Was it Levi?” Link badgered her with questions.
“No, it wasn’t Levi. Unless he grew a full head of hair, stopped wearing glasses, gained twenty pounds, and lost a few inches of height in the short time since you two saw him in Montrose,” she groaned. “Sorry guys, I got nothin’.”
“Don’t worry about it, darlin’, you’re doing your best,” Marcus assured her.
“I’ve got a surprise though it seems,” her face immediately brightened. 
“What did you see?” Marcus asked.
“You mean who do I see,” she said with a smile.
“Who?” Marcus puzzled.
“Turn around, my dear,” Eve told him.
We all looked in the direction of her gaze to where a man stood, not three feet away from our table.
“What the...” Link was at a loss for words.
“Bro, you came,” Marcus leaped out of his seat, and hugged his twin brother - Oz. 


****

chapter thirteen
SUSPICIONS
 
“Sweet Charity.” Oz softly spoke the words, setting his gaze on me, as soon as he and Marcus had finished their greeting.
“Hello, Cozmo.” I smiled. “It’s good to see you again. It’s been a few years.”
“I came just in time it seems, looking at the company you’re keeping now.” He gave a sideways glance at Link.
“My company is my business. And seeing how you haven’t seen fit to visit us for quite some time, it really isn’t any of yours,” I stated.
“A mortal... really...” Oz continued in his muted tones. He always spoke this way when in public, knowing that we would have no trouble hearing each other. Link was straining to decipher even a few words.
“Save your breath,” I interrupted him. “Your brother already gave me that line. At least he had the sense to ask Eve for her opinion,” I said.
“He’s good for her, Cozmo. Now come, play nice, and sit down with us,” Eve pulled an empty chair over to our table, placing it on the other side of Marcus.
Oz sat down and continued to stare at me with an all too intimate smile playing on his lips. I could feel Link tense up beside me. His hand, which had been gently resting on my thigh, now slightly grasped it. It was a subtle change, but I could feel it. I would need to explain things when we were alone.
Marcus broke the silence. “Link, this handsome fellow here, is my brother Cozmo... otherwise known as Oz.”
“I’d shake your hand, but Marcus already showed me that trick.” Link told him.
“Good work, brother.” Oz smiled at Marcus. “But I have to warn you... Link is it? I have a few other tricks up my sleeve.” Oz’s eyes twinkled mischievously.
“I’ll take a pass if you don’t mind. I like being able to control my body. I would hate for it to stall, even if for only a moment,” Link asserted.
“Brother, I’m disappointed. It seems you’ve given away a few of my secrets. Or was it you, sweet Charity?” Oz asked me.
“There are no secrets where Link is concerned,” I answered simply, then continued in a hushed tone, “and it’s Emily now, when we’re in public.”
“No one in this room can hear me. Your mortal there is struggling to comprehend even a few words,” he quipped. 
“I said play nice,” Eve reminded Cozmo. “We have business to attend to. The latest crop of Lord boys are too close to our friends, again. They are in danger. This time they’ve agreed to let us stay and help.”
“Well at least you have come to your senses on that subject,” Oz quipped.
“Cozmo, if you continue with this attitude it might be best if you leave. But honestly, I would prefer it if you stayed. My aunt and uncle will be so happy to see you. Could you please leave the past alone and just try to enjoy the visit?” I implored, in an audible voice. “It was never going to happen the way you wanted it to. I know I made that quite clear. Please be fair,” I continued in a whisper, so quiet that Link would never have been able to hear.
“I’ll try to be a good boy.” Oz nodded at Eve and then me. “So, give me the scoop.”
Marcus quietly filled his brother in, reciting all of the details that he had gathered since his arrival. Eve filled in the gaps with the information she had obtained in her own special way.
While the three Witches were engaged in deep conversation, Link leaned toward me, putting his lips on my ear. “What is going on with you two?” He spoke in the softest voice he was capable of.
“I will tell you everything, later,” I promised him. “There are no secrets,” I squeezed his hand and brushed his lips with my own.
“Later,” he agreed.
“Hey, Emily!” A familiar voice called.
I turned my head to find Delilah waving wildly from the front counter. She had just walked into the restaurant with the rest of the group in tow.
“Hi, guys” I waved back and ran over to greet them. It might be rude, but I figured it would be better if my new friends didn’t meet my old ones at the moment.
“Hey,” chorused Summer, Rusty, and Burke.
“We haven’t heard from you since school got out,” Summer said and stared over my shoulder at the table’s occupants. “Are those friends or relatives?” she asked.
“We have friends visiting from out of town. They might as well be family though,” I responded.
“Who are the twins?” Delilah asked, eyeing Oz with interest.
“Their names are Cozmo and Marcus. Next to Marcus is his fiancé, Eve,” I said.
“Is Cozmo’s girlfriend in the restroom or something?” Dee fished for more answers.
“No,” I hesitated. “He’s here by himself.”
Cozmo was listening to every word. His flirtatious nature took over and he flashed Delilah a knowing wink and a smile. I could see Burke’s features tense up, just a bit. Cozmo infuriated me sometimes.
“He’s a bit of a player. Hence, no girlfriend,” I added and looked over my shoulder to catch the slight frown appear on his face.
“Did you see any familiar Santas on the slopes yesterday?” Rusty piped in, trying to save his friend by changing the topic of conversation.
“I saw a few Santas. Why? Were you one of them?”
“Yeah... Burke and me, we put on the hat and beard and red coat, stuffed a pillow inside, and tore it up.” He smiled.
“I’m sorry I missed that. I bet you guys looked great,” I laughed.
“I’ll email you the pics,” Summer offered.
“That’d be great. Well I’d better get back. See you at church tonight.”
“Yep. I’ll see you later.”
I excused myself to return to my other friends.
Marcus grabbed my hand, when I got back to the table. “Your friend Summer... I got a flash of her yesterday as I arrived in town. Find a way to suggest she look behind her dresser for the set of keys she can’t find.” He rolled his eyes when he finished the sentence.
“Thanks, Marcus,” I squeezed his hand. “It is a useful power. Someday you’ll see that,” I reassured him
“I was just scanning your friends there and I have to say, sometimes high school girl brains are so confusing,” Eve sighed. “I got a pretty clear view from Summer, she hasn’t seen anything. But that Delilah girl, she’s all over the place. She has several versions of the same memory, with the details skewed just a bit in each one. It’s like she’s trying to change the past to suit,” she sighed.
“Dee loves to get her way, so that doesn’t surprise me. But she has a good heart. I overlook the rest,” I admitted.
“The boys saw that same Husky today too, in the back of a vehicle. Rusty told Burke it looked like a clone dog,” Eve paused, thoughtful.
“What are you thinking?” Link asked her.
“I’m thinking that too many people in this town are noticing this particular dog. I say we keep our eye out for it. There’s a house not too far from here, with a husky that always sits out front in the snow. Everyone keeps flashing back to it when they see the clone dog. I couldn’t see an address, but the street intersects with this one over by the gondola. We should check it out,” Eve said.
We left the restaurant, following Eve to the house. Out front, asleep in the snow, was a beautiful dark grey and white dog. Eve called to it, and it looked up for a moment. Sparkling pale eyes decided we were of no interest, so it rested its head back down again. I tried to take a mental picture of it, commit its image to memory, knowing that it was always best to go with Eve’s gut.
“I’m having trouble understanding how a dog is connected to finding Leviticus and Ezekiel Lord,” Link puzzled.
“You would, Mortal,” Oz quipped.
“Oz,” Eve and I scolded at the same time.
“Sorry, slip of the tongue,” Oz apologized.
His tone was surprisingly sincere. I was impressed.
“Link, you have to think outside of the box in which you have lived your life so far,” Eve told him.
“Sweetheart,” I began, “a dog is not always just a dog. It could be a clue. It could be another creature entirely. It could be an image projected in the minds of others by a very powerful Witch as it passes by. It could be one of a hundred different things,” I explained.
Link looked at me with doubt. “Or it could be just a dog.”
“Yes, it could be. But you have just seen a glimpse into my world. There’s a vast expanse that you are still unaware of. To the world around, I am just a girl. But now that you know the truth about me, you know I am not just a girl,” I reasoned with him.
“You are a glorious being,” he stated with that brilliant smile, and then drew me to him for a kiss.
“Good idea, Mortal.” Marcus patted him on the back and pulled Eve to him for a kiss as well.
“Do I have to be subjected to this?” Oz shook his head and looked away.
“Brother, you have to find a mate,” Marcus sighed.
“I’ll leave the chains to you. I’m a free man,” Oz answered.
“You don’t know what you’re missing,” Marcus replied and hugged onto Eve, again kissing her passionately – right there on the street. 
They were perfect together.
Eve giggled and pushed him back, “Stop... later, darling.”

We went back to the house and waited for Catherine and James. “Surprise awaits @ home,” I texted to both of their phones. We waited for them in the kitchen, perched on stools at the island counter, eating, drinking, and talking. These were the friends I had allowed myself. No mortals. Only sturdy beings that wouldn’t easily die on me, that wouldn’t see me as a freak. I loved them for that, but was glad that I was beginning to let a few mortals into my life. Especially the one seated beside me.
I put my hand on Link’s leg, loving the strength I could feel radiating between us, and turned to my old friend.
“Oz, tell me where have you been, and what you’ve been up to, these last few years,” I inquired.
“Mostly, I’ve been traveling around Europe. I decided that I’d play tourist for one month in each town that I visited. I spent the last three with these two,” he said, pointing at his brother and Eve. “We were in Scotland and England.”
“Yeah, Oz got us in this nasty car crash in Scotland and we had to high tail it out of there before anyone started asking questions,” Marcus accused.
“Nobody died, well maybe a sheep, but no people!” Oz exclaimed.
“You should really be more careful. Both Link and Charity have lost their parents in terrible car crashes,” Eve commented. “I would hate to be the cause of someone else’s pain.”
“You took that out of my head, didn’t you?” Link asked.
“I saw it last night. It still pains you,” Eve observed.
“I guess it does,” he murmured.
“Charity didn’t tell you, but she was in the car with her parents the night of the accident,” Eve went on.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Link rubbed my shoulders.
“I don’t remember anything about it,” I admitted. “The last thing I do remember is headlights coming toward us. I woke up in a hospital four days later and the doctors informed me of my parents’ death. Apparently we were run off the road. I was thrown from the car, but my parents remained inside while it rolled down the embankment. They told me I was probably in and out of consciousness for three days, hidden in the brush, before anyone discovered the wreckage. Other than hitting my head and obtaining memory loss, I was spared any major injury. My parents lost their lives, and I lost them,” I recalled the only details that remained.
“It’s amazing that you survived, stuck outside for three days and nights not knowing if help would arrive. Maybe it is better that you have no memory of the event,” Link concluded.
“Maybe,” I murmured, burying my head in his shoulder.
“Charity is a strong girl. She can survive any hardship placed before her,” Catherine said as she walked in the room. “Is that my surprise?” she asked, pointing to Cozmo. “I’m not sure if I really want it.” She wrinkled her forehead in mock distaste.
“Sweetheart, now don’t hurt my feelings. I’ve come a long way to be made fun of by the likes of you.” Oz stepped over to her, engulfing her in an exuberant hug.
“I’m so glad you came this year,” Catherine squeaked out through the tight embrace. “We’ve missed you.”
“That scoundrel? He’s back again?” James said with a laugh, from the entrance to the kitchen.
“I couldn’t stay away too long. I know how you miss me,” Oz answered.
The next hour was spent playing two kinds of catch up. Cozmo told James and Catherine what he had been doing since we had seen him last and Eve shared the visions that she’d gathered from people throughout town. 

We went to church as planned. My strange little group occupied almost an entire pew. Three Immortals, three Witches, and one completely mortal man sat through a sermon on the meaning of Christmas and the importance of giving. My friends from school were in the pew directly in front of us. Rusty, Summer, and her mom sat next to Delilah, her parents, and Burke with his parents. Dee kept twisting her head backward, smiling at me and then letting her gaze linger on Cozmo.
Poor Burke, I thought. I hope he had alternative plans for college. It was only two months into their relationship and Dee’s eyes were already straying.
Link held my hand and I rested my head on his shoulder. I’m a lucky girl, I told myself. I had been given a second chance... a second chance at love. 
When the sermon was over, and the last carol was sung, we stepped out of the church and into the cold. The Mr. and Mrs. Tyler were walking toward us, towing little Sammy along. They each flashed a friendly smile, curiosity present in their eyes. I assumed they wanted to be introduced to our new friends. I was gearing up to start the introductions that I just knew were forthcoming, when Mr. Tyler started to share some information of his own.
“Dr. Johnston, I just wanted to let you know that someone visited our home last night. I answered the door to find some fella trying to act all official, with a clipboard in hand, but something didn’t seem quite right. He said he represented some company that surveyed urgent care patients and wanted to know all about Sammy’s recent visit. He even asked if he could check my boy out.
“I have to tell you, I can usually tell when someone is feeding me a line of bull. This guy was full of it. I can’t see why somebody would be checking door to door on medical care. I was real vague in my answers. I told the guy that Sammy was asleep and I saw no reason to wake him,” he explained.
“Thank you, Mr. Tyler. That is quite strange. I’m glad you’ve brought this to my attention. I’ll inform my other patients and urge them to turn away anyone that may come around asking questions. I’m so sorry that you were bothered in your home,” James said.
“No big deal, Doc. I just knew this guy wasn’t on the up and up, and thought you should be informed.”
“Thanks again, and Merry Christmas!” James shook Mr. Tyler’s hand and then crouched down in front of Sammy, “I bet there’s something good waiting under the tree for you, Sammy.” James smiled at the boy.
“I got lots to open tomorrow!” Sammy jumped up and down with excitement.
As soon as the Tyler family had said their goodbyes and walked away, Eve motioned for everyone to gather around her.
“I scanned that family just now and it’s not good,” she turned to me.
“What?” I almost shouted at Eve.
“Well, the guy that I keep seeing walking the dog is the same guy that Mr. Tyler just told James about. And there’s more - Mrs. Tyler was looking out the window while her husband was talking to the man at the door. She saw the clone dog in the back of a car parked out front. Leviticus Lord was sitting in the passenger seat,” she finished with a sigh.
“They’re here,” I exhaled.
James stepped between us, draping his arms over Eve’s and my shoulders. “It’s time to go back to the house, everyone. We need to make a plan. They’re closer than I thought they would be,” he said.
“We should have left the moment I saw Leviticus in Montrose,” I insisted, as soon as we had all walked into the kitchen. “Then we wouldn’t be sitting here worried, wondering when those lunatics will find us.”
“Do we flee, or do we fight?” James asked me. “I for one am tired of fleeing.”
“It’s six, well seven if you count the mortal, against two,” Cozmo pointed out. “Relax, Charity, we can handle this.”
Oh can we? What if Leviticus or Ezekiel comes up from behind and slices off my head with a sword? What can we do about that? What if Link gets injured? He can’t heal himself the way we can. What if one of the townspeople gets hurt? All of these thoughts ran through my mind. But I didn’t say them. I knew I had to be strong for Link. But I was afraid.
Instead I answered, “You are right. We can handle whatever they throw at us.” I hoped Link thought the same.
“As long as we stay together, we can handle anything. I know it.” Link smiled and I forced myself to smile back.
It was a weak version of a smile, and I prayed that he wouldn’t notice. I desperately wanted to believe that all their words were true.
We made a plan. Tomorrow we would start our hunt. We would find Leviticus and Ezekiel Lord and drag them out of town. We would eliminate their threat to our family, by whatever means necessary.
After the seven of us had worked out all the details, Link and I headed upstairs.
We had decided to exchange one present on Christmas Eve and the rest on Christmas morning. It was a tradition that his grandparents had started with his mother when she was a little girl, and then his parents had carried on with him. I was determined to keep this tradition going for him. We wouldn’t let the day’s events spoil our Christmas Eve plans. I wanted to bring some normalcy back into the exceptional world he now found himself living in.
We sat on the bed and tore into the wrapping paper as soon as the gifts were exchanged.
“Oh wow, it’s that great art deco jewelry set that we saw in Montrose. How did you get it?” I asked.
“You’re not the only one with secrets,” he gave a sly smile and continued unwrapping his present. When the paper was discarded on the floor, he pulled the top off of the box. “A weapon!” he exclaimed. “My girlfriend has bought me a weapon.”
“Not just any weapon.” I ignored his sarcasm. “It’s an exact replica of my gold-rush era push dagger. See,” I said as I unsheathed the matching blade from the waist of my jeans. “See how ornate it is. Look at the intricate carvings. It tucks easily into your belt and can be quickly retrieved,” I explained as I curled my fingers around the handle.
“Sorry, it is beautiful and handy, I’m sure. It is just the first weapon given to me as a present, other than maybe the multi tool Grandpa gave to me in High School. Thank you.”
“Get used to it,” I told him. “It’s the first of many weapons, that won’t classify as a multi tool.”
“You mean there are boxes of these things under the tree?” he teased.
“No. It just won’t be your last. And, I’m not telling you what’s under the tree.” I smiled.
“The tree,” Link paused. “My Grandma’s ornaments, I forgot to get them,” he said with disappointment.
“We’ve preoccupied you today. Once again, my crazy life is disrupting yours.” I silently berated myself. “I’m so sorry.”
“They’re ornaments, Charity, you’re not disrupting my life,” he shook his head at me.
“But they’re important to you. It’s not too late to go get them,” I offered. “I know it’s after midnight, but I’ve always subscribed to the saying ‘the night belongs to the day it follows’ so technically, it’ll still be Christmas Eve when you place them on the tree.”
“Why not, we’ll be back in no time.” Link smiled.
We were on the road, and on our way to Link’s apartment, within minutes. My cell phone buzzed almost as soon as Link pulled out of the driveway. I looked at the screen and read aloud, “‘Txt when u get there & txt when on the way home,’ It’s from Marcus,” I told Link.
“K” I texted him back immediately.
“We are completely alone now. Can you please tell me what, if anything, there is, or was, between you and Oz? Should I be jealous? Why does he keep looking at you that way?” Link pressed for answers.
“About fifteen years ago, Cozmo decided that the two of us belonged together. He wanted me to leave James and Catherine and come to live with him, Marcus, Eve, and the others. I toyed with the idea for a while. I thought that maybe it was time for me to move on with my life and attempt to love again. But it just never felt right. I couldn’t view Cozmo as anything but a very good friend.
“He tried to change my mind and I tried to view him romantically. But in the end, he admitted that he wasn’t looking for love, he was looking for companionship. I told him I couldn’t leave my family, simply to be with a companion. He was hurt, and has been inconsistent in his visits ever since. It ended before it ever began,” I confessed.
“Did anything ever happen between the two of you?” Link asked.
“There were a few very minor make out sessions, but as I said, it just never felt right,” I admitted. “I never got that tingling feeling, that breathlessness that I feel with you.”
“Thank you for telling me the truth,” he said. “I make you tingle, eh?” Link smirked.
“And this is news to you?” I scoffed.
“No, I expected as much. It’s always nice to hear that you like it,” he told me.
“Love it,” I corrected. 


****

chapter fourteen
THE STORM
 
The snow, which fell in delicate flurries as we left Mountain Village, began to thicken the closer we got to Telluride. It soon created a filmy white blanket that clung to the air. By the time we reached the apartment complex, the wind was whipping the flakes around violently.
“Ready to run? It’s becoming a blizzard out there,” I said, as Link parked the SUV.
“One, two, three, go,” Link counted, and we simultaneously exited the vehicle and ran for the stairs.
By the time we sprinted the short distance to his apartment door, our clothing and hair were covered in snow.
“Hurry and open the door,” I playfully scolded Link as he fumbled with the keys. I stomped under the eve, trying to rid my boots of their white coating. I shook my hands in my hair and brushed off my shoulders and arms. “It’s everywhere,” I giggled pushing him through the now open door.
The first thing I heard was the growl of a dog. The dog... the clone dog... was right in front of us. Why hadn’t I been paying better attention? Why didn’t I hear movement in the apartment before we got to the door? Stupid... Stupid...
“Welcome home,” Leviticus Lord purred from where he stood. He had a gun in his right hand, and it was aimed at Link’s chest. “Rowan, heel,” he told the dog in a sarcastic low tone.
“What do you want?” I hissed at him.
“Oh, I think you know that,” he replied. “I want you and your kind wiped off the face of the earth. Thank you for making my job a little easier. I was just searching for clues and you come walking through the door. Divine intervention, I think,” Leviticus sneered.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a phone, dialed, and then waited. All the while, Rowan the dog kept a watchful eye on Link and me. Rowan continued to growl while he paced back and forth, across the floor, in front of us.
“Zeek, I’ve come into a bit of luck it seems. The young one and her blasphemous boyfriend have walked into the apartment,” he spoke into the phone, then paused, listening to his brother. “I’ll meet you there,” he finished and slid the phone back in his pocket.
“What do you plan to do with us?” Link asked.
“I plan to kill her and her family. If you repent your sinful ways, I just might spare your life. Don’t you know you are in the presence of evil?” Leviticus cried.
“I’m staring at the face of evil right now,” Link spat out his answer.
“I guess you’ve made your choice then, haven’t you?”
“I guess I have.”
“No, Link, do whatever he says. Save yourself,” I pleaded.
“You’re not getting rid of me. I’ve made my choice,” he murmured softly in my ear.
I composed my face, making it devoid of emotion. I spoke in a smooth, clear voice. “Let the boy go. He knows nothing. I simply used him, to pass the time here in this dull town,” I said, hoping Leviticus would accept my lie.
“If you have formed no attachment to him them you wouldn’t mind my using him for target practice later,” he sneered.
“I hate to see innocent humans suffer,” I replied.
“Ah, but your displeasure is my delight,” he smirked. “Let’s go!”
He waved his gun in the air, indicating that we should walk out first. The dog followed close at our heels and Levi exited after that.
“We’ll use your vehicle, I think. The black one, isn’t it? Get in,” the evil bald man commanded.
Evil bald man... Wow, that’s so cliché! I found myself thinking as he pushed Link into the driver’s seat. Rowan hopped up on Link’s lap and then moved over to the passenger seat. Levi then seized my arm, pushed the gun to my temple, and directed me into the back with him.
“A bullet to the brain would take awhile to repair, wouldn’t it?” he said, once the vehicle doors were securely shut. “Start the engine. Get on Colorado and head east, all the way through town, and past the mine. We’ll meet the brothers there,” Levi ordered.
“That’s toward Bridal Veil Falls,” Link replied.
“Why yes, it is. Now start driving, or your aberrant girlfriend here will find out exactly how long it takes her brain to repair itself after a bullet has been rattling around in her skull. We could time it, just for fun,” he hissed. “I did it once, you know, timed it... on a woman Zeek and I tracked to Mexico City. It took her exactly forty-seven minutes to open her eyes again... for the last time. That was my first Immortal kill, twenty years ago. You’ll be my second,” he leered at me. “Zeek got the last one. It’s my turn now.”
Link pulled the SUV out of the parking lot and headed east, as he was told. I was trying to figure out a way to escape this lunatic without having Link come to harm. Nothing was coming to me.
My phone started to buzz in my back pocket. The wind and snow whipping around the vehicle as we drove created enough external noise that Levi didn’t notice. I hadn’t texted when we arrived at Link’s apartment. The others would figure out that we were in trouble, they had to. But how long would it take for them to come looking?
Charity, where are you? I heard Marcus’s voice in my head.
Stupid girl, I told you to text me. I heard it again, as clear as if he were sitting right beside me. 
Marcus, I screamed in my head. Marcus, can you hear me? Nothing, I heard nothing. My mind was playing tricks on me. I was a fool to hope that help would be coming.
Link crept along Colorado. Visibility was low. If I was having a hard time seeing the road ahead, then it was almost impossible for his mortal eyes. We rode in silence. Rowan, the dog, whined and growled every so often to make his presence known.
Link couldn’t die because of me.
I pressed my forehead against the window. “Figure out a way to get him out of here,” I softly whispered to myself.
As soon as we passed the mine, Link came to a stop. I looked out the front windshield and saw two sets of headlights dimly illuminating the snow in front of us. The lights didn’t belong to a regular vehicle. I could just barely make out the forms. They were small. They were snowmobiles!
Ezekiel was standing outside in the snow, right next to a matching pair of snowmobiles.
“Get out.” Levi pushed the gun against my temple and reached across my lap to open the door.
Link stepped out of the SUV with the dog close behind.
Ezekiel stood directly in front of us, eerily still, in the whirlwind that was happening around him. Sitting in the snow, next to Ezekiel Lord, was a mountain lion.
The cat purred loudly nodding its head to the dog. They were communicating somehow, the dog and the mountain lion. It was unnatural – like me. I looked at the faces of these two animals... specifically at their eyes. Their eyes were not canine or feline – they were human. The Lord brothers had brought a pair of Shape-Shifters to the party.
As soon as I had made the realization, the two animals stood on their hind legs and raised their paws in the air. The fur that covered their bodies soon changed into smooth skin, as the Shape-Shifters changed back into their human form. Two young men stood where the animals had just been.
“Ch-Charity, w-what in the w-world...,” Link stumbled on the words, trying to get them out.
“Shape-Shifters, Link,” I explained.
“We contracted to help you kill three Immortals,” the one who had just been the mountain lion spoke first. “The man is not one of them. I can smell the slow decay of his body. This guy is mortal.”
“Elliott, plans change. Three, four, what’s the difference?” Ezekiel laughed.
“Rowan, do you have a problem with this?” Levi asked.
“Absolutely not, as long as we get paid,” the Shape-Shifter answered.
“So, load them up and let’s head to the top of the falls. It is isolated enough, we will be completely alone, and God willing, no one will find the charred remains of their bodies for months,” Levi laughed.
“Link,” I cried out as I saw Ezekiel raise his weapon. I was confronted by blackness as I received my own blow to the head. I roused within seconds, but it was enough time for them to bind my hands and place my body onto one of the snowmobiles. I struggled to free myself, as Leviticus was tying me to the vehicle.
“Be still, you repugnant creature, or I’ll do more than just knock-out your little playmate,” Ezekiel barked a warning.
I nodded my head in agreement and watched as my unconscious love was also bound and then gagged. Ezekiel winked at me before he took off, up the zigzag treacherous road that led to the top of the falls, with Link tied to the back of his vehicle. Levi immediately followed his brother, with me strapped behind him.
A dog and a mountain lion ran alongside us.
They had not searched me. I was sure of it. I could feel the cell phone still in my left back pocket, my push dagger was in my waistband, and I was willing to bet I still had a few surprises in my other pockets. Arrogance had made them sloppy. But even with weapons, I needed help. There were four of them and I wasn’t sure if I could do it alone.
Their bindings were not the greatest and I am quite limber. With a bit of wiggling, I was able to reach into my right back pocket and extracted a throwing star. Even with my hands bound, I was actually able to unfold the blades and saw my way through the ropes. Once my hands were free I slid the cell phone out of my other pocket. I needed to summon the others, and then I would deal with the monster in front of me, and his brother as well.
I used one hand to cover the bright screen, afraid the glow would bring attention my way, and the other to punch in Marcus’s number. The snowmobile swerved. I glanced up. We were coming to a curve in the road. My fingers fumbled as I hurriedly texted the words – Daner bridl fals – into the phone as Levi took the sharp turn. It was totally misspelled but it’d have to do. We hit a rock in the snow and the phone bounced out of my hands.
I hadn’t pushed send!
“Don’t look behind you. Don’t see where it lands,” I silently whispered to myself. 
I saw the phone, Charity. I heard Marcus’s voice in my head again. I saw where it landed. Marcus said. I had to be imagining his voice, but I hoped I wasn’t. We’re on our way. Marcus assured me. 
“Please, be real,” I murmured to the wind and snow.
What else? I thought. What else could I do without putting Link in danger? I racked my brain for any possible plan of attack. I could probably kill Levi right now. I could reach around his shoulders and drive my push dagger into his heart before he knew what was happening. But I was too afraid of what the others would do to Link. I decided to wait until we were together. I had to be near him, to make sure he was safe, and then I would fight. I would fight for my life, for both of our lives.
We reached our destination, the top of Bridal Veil Falls. The residence at the edge of the falls, once used as the power plant for the city below, was now vacated for the winter. There would be no one to hear my cries, no one to call for help or report a disturbance. I was on my own, that much I was sure of.
Link had regained consciousness, sometime during the ride. He shook his head and blinked his eyes. The brutal force of the wind and snow would be enough to rouse the dead.
The Lord brothers cut us loose from the vehicles, dragged us off, and stood us up, side by side. The dog and the mountain lion were soon there, circling around us. I kept my hands securely behind me, hoping that my earlier disposal of the rope that bound them together would go unnoticed. Leviticus and Ezekiel stood a few feet away, their heads close, in quiet conversation. The shrill wind destroyed any chance I had of deciphering their words, so instead I turned to Link.
“Link,” I whispered, “stand back to back with me. We’ll slowly circle around and act extremely afraid of the animals. I can cut through your rope and free your hands.”
“It won’t be an act,” he whispered back. “I am extremely afraid of the animals.”
I moved quickly, backing up against Link. I removed my push dagger and in one swift move I sliced through the rope, letting it fall into the snow. As we slowly circled, while the dog and the mountain lion circled us, I kicked snow onto the bindings to hide them in the white powder.
“What do you need the Shifters for?” I called out to the Lords. “You boys afraid? Afraid to do the job yourself? Afraid to fail?” I taunted. 
“Insurance policy,” Leviticus answered. “There is strength in numbers. And you are outnumbered.”
“Push dagger,” I whispered to Link, reminding him of his earlier present. “Get ready to use it.”
“We are tied up and surrounded. What are you waiting for?” Link yelled.
“We are just deciding who gets to kill whom?” Ezekiel laughed. “I’m vying for the Immortal.”
“You’ll have to come through me,” Link hissed.
“As you wish,” Ezekiel answered.
“I’ll get the mountain lion and you get the dog. Then you need to run away, Link. Please run away from here,” I whispered as I placed my own dagger into his hand. “One weapon for each hand. I’ve got more,” I assured him and then moved forward before he had time to disagree with me.
I raced toward the mountain lion, pausing for a fraction of a second when I heard a sharp intake of breath through gritted teeth behind me. That meant pain. But the yelp of a dog followed, and I knew Link was getting the upper hand. So, I continued forward. As I neared the Shape-Shifter I crouched down, removed my boot dagger, popped back up and slashed, aiming for its shoulder blade. It growled fiercely and swatted at me, with its huge paw. The skin was torn from the back of my hand as the animal’s sharp claws raked across it. Red dots appeared in the snow. I slashed again, this time coming in contact with the animal’s hind leg. It was only a small cut. The mountain lion was exceptionally fast.
As the animal backed away, I turned to the Lords. I removed the two throwing stars I had stashed in my pockets and unfolded the blades. A micro-burst of wind hit as I released the weapons. The first one hit Leviticus in the thigh. The second one merely grazed Ezekiel’s upper arm.
This storm was killing my aim. I should have hit the targets dead on. I’d failed.
I turned around in time to see Link’s arms raised in attack, ready to come down upon the dog. Rowan was cowering in the snow. Elliott saw that his brother was in trouble and pounced on Link.
I caught the gleam of metal as one of my throwing stars spun through the air. It sliced through the arm of Link’s coat, and through his flesh. Levi had retaliated.
Link hadn’t listened to me. He hadn’t run, and now he was being mauled by both Shifters.
“No!” I screamed and raised my only remaining weapon, the boot dagger. I charged toward the animals.
“Elliott, Rowan,” Ezekiel screamed. “Stop!” He ordered. “We want the final kill.”
The animals paused their attack. They backed away when they saw the knife in my hand and the look in my eyes. Link was bleeding from the many scratches that now covered his face and hands. I helped him to stand. He was a bit shaken, but I could see that the wounds were not too deep. With a little of James’s blood they would smooth over nicely. The arm was a bit more serious, but that too would heal.
Ezekiel came forward. Rage radiated from his every pore. My failed attack had awakened a beast.
“Devil woman, stop this fight. You will not win,” the rage in his face belied the calmness in his voice.
The storm, which had been in full force just seconds before, began to lose its power and the wind died down.
Ezekiel paced back and forth through the blanket of fresh snow, gathering his thoughts. I couldn’t figure out his next move. Everything began to slow down. The few moments that lapsed, until he spoke again, could have been hours.
“Interesting place you picked to hide... Telluride. You know how it received that moniker don’t you? The journey through the mountains was an incredibly treacherous one for the original travelers. Many perished along the way. So it became a warning of sorts. ‘It’s to hell you ride,’ people would caution. Ironic isn’t it, poetic even... that it’s the exact journey that you are about to make. You are an abomination and it is to hell that you shall ride,” he screamed the last few words.
All sense of reason and humanity, if there had ever existed any in this crazed man, were long gone.
He raised his gun and fired two quick shots. I doubled over in pain as I felt the first one tear through my abdomen and bury itself somewhere in my gut. “Heal quicker,” I whispered, impatiently waiting for my body to begin the healing process. The bullet was soon being pushed toward the surface of my skin. It was my first bullet wound. There was more pain than I had imagined there would be.
Where was the second shot? I didn’t feel a second impact. Panic quickly set in, and I turned to Link.
He had been standing beside me, but now lay crumpled at my feet. A flower of bright red was blossoming throughout the white snow underneath him. The crimson petals were quickly growing. His eyes remained open, but they held no expression. His hands grasped his stomach at the entrance wound. My ears registered screaming - terrified, horrified screaming.
It was coming from me.
“No,” I cried out, throwing myself down in the snow beside him. “It’ll be alright,” I lied, smoothing his hair back from his face. “You’re going to be just fine.”
Levi stood above me, sword in hand. “Are you ready for your ride?” he asked, his eyes sparkling with all that is evil.
Ezekiel must have lost the privilege of my kill. Better luck next time, I thought.
It was over. I closed my eyes. I would not fight anymore. There was no point. Lincoln, my love, would be dead soon. He was bleeding out fast. Even if I could somehow figure out a way to defeat the Lords and then conquer the Shape-Shifters, I could not live through another loss. I refused to try.
I was ready. Ready to die next to my love. I spread out my arms in surrender and waited for the cold metal of Levi’s sword to slice through my neck. 
A hot rush of wind came instead of the icy blade of the sword.


****

chapter fifteen
SURVIVAL
 
“Company,” Leviticus cried out.
I opened my eyes, in that split second, to watch as a bright ball of fire landed on his chest. His coat immediately started to blaze. The man swore venomously and threw himself into the snow, desperately trying to put out the flames.
Another ball flew by. It landed on Rowan, the dog, singeing his fur. The animal whimpered, rolled onto his back, and ran into the trees for cover. Another, and then another, flew by... hitting the trees, the rocks, and the snow.
“Charity,” Catherine called out. I searched the darkness until I could see her face. She’d found me, they all had. “Stay down,” she ordered.
I heard the angry growl of Elliott, the mountain lion, and watched as he launched himself at her.
“Catherine, your left,” James called out a warning.
Catherine unsheathed a large hunting knife from her belt and slashed it through the air, slicing the cat across its shoulder. He hissed as he fell, missing his intended mark, and now wounded for the attempt. Catherine moved back a few steps, bracing herself for the next attack.
Marcus and Oz continued hurling balls of fire toward Leviticus and Ezekiel, who were retaliating with their silenced guns. The whoosh of the fireballs and the zip of the bullets filled the air. The two pair of brothers were dodging each other quite skillfully until Oz, who had been steadily moving forward, found himself close enough to use his other talent.
“Zeek, cover me,” Levi shouted to his brother.
When he received no answer, or cover fire, Levi looked back to find his brother – frozen. Ezekiel was a statue, posed with his arms out and gun aimed, completely unable to move.
“Zeek!” Levi screamed. “What did you do to my brother?” he demanded in a rage, turning his gun on Marcus and Oz.
Eve appeared in front of them with both her arms raised up high. She closed her eyes and drew all of the energy she could, out of the air and toward her. Levi’s eyes widened as the wind again began to swirl. It rushed by him, and all of the surrounding trees started to bend in Eve’s direction.
“Sorcery,” I heard him whisper.
Eve lunged forward and unleashed the energy. A great shockwave rolled out from her, and toward Levi and Zeek. The two men were lifted up and flung twenty feet, landing on their backs in the snow. There was a crunch of bones as their bodies slammed into the cold ground. 

Catherine was still circling around the wounded Elliott, who had shifted back into his human form. Blood oozed out of the open gash in his shoulder and dribbled from the earlier cut to his leg.
“Surrender,” Catherine demanded.
“Mere flesh wounds, silly woman,” Elliott spat back at her. “Brother,” he called out.
There was no answer. Rowan was nowhere in sight. 

I remained by Link, huddled over his weakened form. James appeared at my side as Eve turned her attention to Catherine and Elliott.
“It’s bad, James,” I sobbed.
“The scratches can wait,” James muttered as he glanced at Link’s hands and face. James removed Link’s scarf and tied it tightly above the arm gash that Levi had inflicted earlier. Next, he examined the gunshot to the abdomen. He grabbed the scarf from my neck, balled it up, and placed it over that wound.
“Keep pressure on this,” James told me.
We needed to stop the blood flow.
Link blinked his eyes, as his brain registered my touch. “Get her out of here,” he managed to choke.
“Ssh, I’m not leaving you,” I whispered. I turned away from Link and spoke to James through gritted teeth, “Save him.”
“His injuries are extensive, Charity. I don’t know if I can. I won’t be able to extract enough of my blood to heal everything,” James shook his head.
“You have to try,” I pleaded. “I can’t lose another... I just can’t.”

While I was pleading with James, Eve was trying to convince Elliott to give up his fight.
“Surrender, Shape-Shifter. It seems your brother has left you all alone. You are outnumbered,” Eve called out, trying to reason with the injured creature.
Catherine held her stance, hunting knife in hand, ready to defend herself again if necessary. 

Leviticus and Ezekiel were beginning to gain consciousness. They sat up slowly. Marcus and Oz stayed close by, standing guard.
Ezekiel found his voice first, “Shape-Shifter, what are you waiting for. Transform into something fierce. Finish them.”
“You never mentioned the Witches,” Elliott shouted back.
“An unforeseen glitch in our plan. We’ll double what we promised you,” Leviticus sounded off.
“They promised you riches,” Eve spoke up, scanning Elliott’s mind. “I can see the conversation. ‘A half million in cash,’ promised Levi, ‘plus whatever jewels are found at the Immortal’s house,’ Zeek added,” she repeated the exchange.
Elliott stopped moving, apparently stunned by Eve’s ability. Shock appeared on his face.
“They’re lying,” Cozmo shouted. “I can sense when a person is truthful. I can see nothing but deception in their words.”
Eve stepped away from Elliott and toward the Lords. She took a moment to scan each brother, looking for further information.
“They planned to kill you and your brother as soon as the Immortals were reduced to ash,” Eve addressed Elliott. “I saw it in both of their heads. You were dead to them the moment you made the deal. They abhor you as much as they do us.”
“Rowan,” Elliott roared as his naked body grew suddenly furry. He dropped down onto all fours and his face distorted. A muzzle appeared in-place of his nose. The creature before us was not a mountain lion. The Shape-Shifter transformed into a bear.
Elliott, the bear, stood on his hind legs and let out a fierce roar. The bear turned toward the tree line. A second roar escaped his muzzle.
I looked up to see two Eagles fly out of the high branches and circle overhead. They squawked back and forth, in conversation. One swooped down to land next to the bear. The eagle grew taller and began to change shape. I blinked my eyes. A second bear appeared where the eagle had landed.
 The two bears spoke to each other in a language unknown to human ears. They grumbled and growled, and roared up to the sky. The remaining eagle screeched in response, then flew away, landing on the nearest tree branch.
“Kill them,” Levi cried out to the bears.
“Destroy them,” Ezekiel ordered.
The bears stood on all fours, poised, ready to strike. They charged forward – they passed by Catherine and then Eve. Marcus and Oz hurled a few fireballs as the bears came their way. Oz took a defensive stance, ready to paralyze their muscles if they attacked. But the animals ignored the Witches.
The bears charged on – away from Oz and Marcus, they surged forward. They leapt into the air and landed on Leviticus and Ezekiel. The men shrieked in pain as the bears began to maul them. They managed to scramble backward when the bears were distracted by the squawk of the Eagle. The men stood, and limped away from the animals, moving closer to the edge of the iced over falls.
“Wait,” gasped Ezekiel. His voice was weak with fear. “They lie,” he uttered, unconvincingly. “We had no plans to end your life.”
As the two bears held their stance, a small red fox shyly crept out of the tree line. It stopped, a few feet behind the bears. The fox barked a small sad sound and the bears froze. The little creature grew taller and morphed into a delicate young woman with strawberry blonde hair, almost the same shade that the animal had been. She stood – bare and vulnerable in the snow.
“Elliott... Rowan... My brothers,” she cried out.
The bears turned their head for a brief moment and nodded their muzzles toward the young woman. But their attention quickly turned back to the Lords. Rowan started the charge forward first with Elliott just a stride behind. Again, they attacked the two men, who were now much too close to the edge and standing on slick ice. In a jumble of fur, flesh, screams, and high pitched moans - the four beings slipped over the edge of Bridal Veil Falls.
“No,” the girl screamed and moved forward. When she reached the edge she found one bear, its claws dug into the ice, barely hanging on. “Help me,” she cried over her shoulder.
Cozmo and Marcus raced forward. They each tried to take hold of the bear’s enormous paws.
“Change back,” the young woman urged.
The bear shook its head and let go of the ice. It slipped away, down to the jagged bottom of the iced over falls.
“I told them no good would come of this,” she choked out the words through her sobs. 

With the threat of further danger eliminated, James and I concentrated on Link. James pulled a dagger from his boot and sliced into his wrist. I pushed Link’s shirt up, exposing the gunshot wound. James held his arm over the bloody hole, but as expected only a few drops of blood would exit his flesh.
“Catherine, we need your help,” James called out.
She was at our side immediately, cutting into her own flesh. But as with James, only a small amount of blood could escape her body before it healed itself.
“It’s not enough, Charity,” James whispered.
“No,” I screamed in anguish. “Give me the knife,” I held my hand out to Catherine.
She placed the hunting knife in my open palm. I held it to my arm, and without hesitation, I sliced through the layers of my flesh, making a deep wound. The blood began to ooze out, in a steady stream.
“Don’t heal yet,” I commanded my body aloud, “let the blood flow,” I whispered.
And it flowed.
I directed the steady dribble of red liquid to fall into the wound. The edges of his skin grew closer together and smoothed over. I rolled Link onto his side, located the exit wound, and repeated my actions. When the gunshot was taken care of I attended to the gash on his arm. That too, instantly healed. But Link remained pale and unmoving.
“What’s wrong, James?” I worried.
“You’ve only healed the flesh. The bullet caused too much internal damage,” James hugged onto my shoulders, consoling me.
I shook him off. “I’ve got to get my blood inside him,” I gasped at the realization.
I put the knife to my other wrist, making another deep cut. When the blood started to flow, I placed my wrist near Link’s lips, letting the warm healing liquid fall into his open mouth.
“Drink, my love,” I whispered into his ear. With his head resting in my lap, I pushed my wrist tight up against his mouth. “Live,” I mouthed the word. “Live, live, live,” I quietly chanted.
Link’s hands came up and he clutched onto my arm. His lips began to move against my wrist and I heard him gulp as he swallowed a mouthful of my blood. I fell into a trance as he continued to drink from my veins. His grasp grew firmer and his mouth moved faster. He continued to draw more blood out of my body and into his own. He was growing stronger.
“Enough, Charity,” Catherine’s voice broke through.
She reached out and pulled Link’s hands away from my arm, and my arm away from his lips.
“How is this possible?” James asked, gazing at my wrist as it continued to ooze blood.
“Heal,” I murmured to my body. The blood flow stopped and the cut smoothed over. “I don’t know,” I admitted.
“Amazing,” Catherine exhaled.
Link sat up, his eyes sparkled with an alien inner glow. Something had changed within. But I didn’t care, he was alive. I grabbed onto him, hugging him close. He wrapped his arms around me, crushing me to his chest. His strength was amazing.
He pulled back, to look into my eyes. “You saved me.” He smiled my brilliant smile.
“I’ve got powers.” I shrugged.
“Awesome powers,” he whispered into my ear.
I looked up at James and Catherine. They stood, holding each other in a loving embrace, and smiled down at the two of us. Marcus and Eve stood a few feet away, in a similar pose. Cozmo remained by the edge of the falls. He had draped his coat over the shoulders of the young strawberry blonde. He stayed by her side, consoling her in the loss of her brothers.
Link and I stood up together.
I clung to him fiercely. “You’re alive,” I whispered.
“I’m alive,” he echoed.
The eight of us began our trek back to the vehicles. The female Shape-Shifter had changed back into her fox form and trotted along, next to Cozmo. There seemed to be a powerful bond that had instantaneously formed between the two creatures. Eve remained in the back, sending a small blast of energy every few feet behind us, to cover our tracks in the snow. 
The fox whimpered when we neared the base of the falls. Four crumpled bodies, two bears and two men, lay broken in the ice and snow. 
Cozmo knelt down to soothe the small animal. “It’ll be okay,” he said, stroking her fur.
We drudged on.
“This’ll go a lot faster if you let us carry you. Then we can run,” Eve offered.
“But there are only three of you fast beings, and four of us slow ones,” I pointed out.
“Charity, this may sound strange, but you have no idea how strong I feel. I don’t know why or how, but I know I can do this. I can carry you,” Link declared.
“There’s no way... I just healed you, a few minutes ago you nearly died. You’re mortal and they’re Witches. ‘Incredibly swift and agile,’ any of this ringing a bell with you?” I tried to talk some reason into him.
“How about we Witches carry the Immortals, and you and the fox run?” Eve suggested.
“I accept that compromise.” Link smiled.
“No, he can’t” I protested.
“Let the man run, Charity,” Eve cut me off.
“Fine,” I grumbled in defeat. “If you get too tired, please call out for help.”
“I promise,” Link kissed my nose.
Cozmo swooped up Catherine and Marcus grabbed James. I hopped into Eve’s arms and we were off. The female Shape-Shifter changed from a fox to an eagle and hovered over Cozmo. Link kept a steady pace in front of Eve and me. We were the slowest two, pausing every so often so Eve could send another blast of energy behind us.
After she sent out the next shock wave and we turned back around, I noticed that Link was gone. “Where did he go?” I cried.
“Look below us,” Marcus laughed.
There was a dark blur of energy, zig-zagging down the mountain. It seemed to be gaining momentum as it descended, a bullet train speeding through the snow. It was Lincoln.
Eve gave a brassy whistle.
“How?” I asked aloud.
“Goodness!” Catherine exclaimed.
James, Marcus, and Cozmo simply laughed - and we sped down to catch up with him.


****

chapter sixteen
DARKNESS AND LIGHT
 
The three or so minutes that it took to reach the vehicles, and catch up to Link, seemed to drag on like the slow motion scenes in an action flick. Each and every swift step of Eve’s was an agonizingly slow trot.
“How?” was still all I could manage to say, when Eve set me down in front of Link.
“Apparently I’ve got powers,” Link answered. “You should have let me carry you.” He smiled.
“I’m in total shock here,” I gasped. “I have no idea how I was able to command my body, to keep my blood flowing so I could heal you. And now instantly, you are faster than the Witches,” I shook my head in disbelief.
“Hey now,” Oz balked. “That’s not a fair assessment. I was carrying Catherine and I wasn’t aware we would be graded on this assignment.”
“Okay.” Link smirked. “Let’s make it a true race. You and me... From here to my apartment at the other end of town.”
“I want in on this action.” Marcus rubbed his hands together in anticipation.
“Okay, boys,” Eve laughed. “On the count of three,” she declared. They immediately crouched down, ready to launch themselves forward, ready to race. “Ready... ONE, TWO, THREE,” she screamed.
The three men shot off in a flash. An eagle followed along, high in the sky.
“Hurry,” I cried. “Jump in!” I motioned to Eve.
“Block the sound of the engines Eve. I know it’s still dark out, but I don’t want the early risers wondering what’s going on outside. We can’t afford to draw any attention our way,” James called out.
As soon as she was in, I jammed my foot on the accelerator. James and Catherine followed close behind. Up ahead, I could barely make out the three forms, silhouettes against the glow of the streetlights. What was going on here? Where did this increased strength and speed come from? It was definitely not a trait of mine.
A minute later, I slowed the SUV at the entrance to Link’s apartment. Link, Cozmo, and Marcus stood, laughing and slapping each other on the back.
“It was a fair win,” I heard Link protested, as I rolled down the window.
“I don’t know,” Marcus laughed. “Maybe he got a one second head start brother,” he teased Oz and punched him on the shoulder.
“Okay, okay, I accept defeat – this time. But I demand a rematch,” Oz insisted.
“Anytime,” was Link’s smug reply.
“You won!” I stated, incredulously.
“But of course.” Link smiled. “Wait here. I still need to get Grandma’s ornaments,” he said and was gone in the blink of an eye.
Mere moments later, he was back. I shook my head and closed my eyes; stunned to already see him leaning in the open window. He had a small brown box in hand. “Let’s go,” he said.
“We’re off,” James called out as he and Catherine headed home.
Eve vacated the front seat, so she could sit between Marcus and Cozmo in the back. Link hopped in the front, next to me. The fox reappeared, and jumped in to curl herself up on Cozmo’s lap. He immediately started stroking her soft red fur.
“What’s her name?” I asked Oz.
Oz looked at me through the rear view mirror. “This is Lizabelle. She’s all alone now, so she’ll be staying with us.”
“I think that is an excellent idea,” I replied. “No one should be alone, especially at Christmas.”
“I’m here if she needs me,” Oz murmured.
“She’s a lucky girl,” I said.
After I turned left, heading out of town and toward home, I reached across the console to grasp Link’s hand. I needed to feel the warmth of his skin. It was still a shock to me that we had both made it through the whole terrible nightmare alive. And, the new inhuman velocity was mind-boggling. I squeezed tightly. A smile spread wide across my face when he reached over to stroke my cheek with his other hand.
My eyes misted and a tear slipped out. “I almost lost you,” I whispered.
“But you didn’t,” he whispered back, and brushed the tear from my cheek. “You saved me.”
“Cheer up, weepy girl,” Marcus squeezed my shoulders from behind. “I have a present for you,” he said as he placed something on the console.
Link picked it up. “It’s your phone.”
“You did see it,” I gasped. “I heard your voice in my head telling me you saw the phone, telling me you were on the way! I thought I was imagining it.”
“I got worried when you didn’t text back, like you were supposed to...”
“I heard that too.” I cut him off. “How could I hear your voice so perfectly clear in my head?”
“Marcus, you’ve got a new one.” Eve clapped her hands with glee. “I told you that another one would be coming soon.”
“A new one what?” Link asked.
“You think it could be?” Marcus wondered aloud.
“Try it out, brother,” Cozmo urged.
The inside of the vehicle was completely silent, except for the sound of the tires rolling through the fresh snow. “Did anybody hear anything?” Marcus asked after a moment.
“Oh,” Link said with a nod of his head. “You think he’s got a new power. Sorry man... I got nothin’.”
“Nor have I,” Cozmo chimed in.
“Try concentrating on just one person,” Eve suggested.
Another silent moment passed by.
“That’s just mean,” Oz blurted out, “There’s no way he’s still a mortal anyway.”
“What did you say?” I asked Marcus.
“Cozmo lost a race to a mere mortal!” Marcus laughed.
“You lost too!” Cozmo pointed out.
“Aah, this is true. But it doesn’t bother me. It bothers you,” Marcus reached across Eve to give his brother a playful shove.
“Do me now,” Eve clapped her hands again. She was clearly excited for Marcus.
Eve closed her eyes and waited for her personal message to come through. It must’ve been a good one, I thought as I glanced at her in the rear view mirror and watched a glowing smile appear. She placed her hands on either side of Marcus’s face and kissed him with passion.
“I’m going to assume that was private,” Link chuckled.
Marcus answered him silently, without taking his lips away from Eve’s.
“You’re right. I don’t want to know the details,” Link repeated the message aloud.
“Hey... tell James and Catherine to start a batch of pancakes as soon as they get home. I’m starving,” Cozmo told his brother, who was still a bit preoccupied. “How does that sound Lizzy girl?” Cozmo softened his voice as he addressed the Shape-Shifter who was sitting silently on his lap.
“It’ll be light soon,” Link muttered.
I glanced at the clock on the dash. It was getting close to six o’clock in the morning. “I suppose so,” I said with a shrug.
“I feel it,” Link whispered.
“You feel what?” I puzzled.
“I feel the light coming,” he answered.
How do you feel light? I wondered, silently, as I pulled into the driveway. James had already parked in the garage and I maneuvered Link’s vehicle into the empty space that remained.
We all noisily piled out, clambering our way into the house and toward the kitchen.
Catherine stood at the counter, stirring the contents of a large mixing bowl in front of her. “Pancakes,” she said. “I distinctly heard Marcus’s voice, in my head, saying that Cozmo wants pancakes.”
“He’s got a new power,” Eve beamed.
“I figured as much. Well Cozmo... I started them... You finish them.” Catherine smiled and pushed the bowl toward him. “The pan’s hot,” she pointed at the stovetop.
“Come with me, Lizabelle,” I called out to the fox. “Let’s get you some clothes.” I said as I walked out of the kitchen.
The animal followed me up the stairs and to my room.
“I’m thinking comfy,” I stated as I entered my closet to pick out a pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt for each of us.
“You can change, and dress, in here. I’ll go into the bathroom so you can have some privacy,” I explained, and set the items on the floor – in front of her.
After I changed my own clothes, brushed my teeth, washed my face, and brushed out my tangled hair – I walked back to the closet and knocked on the door.
“Is there anything else I can get you? Anything else you need?” I asked as I cracked open the door.
“No, this is good. Thank you,” a soft whispery voice responded. She eyed me warily. “Why aren’t you screaming at me, hating me for what my brothers did to you?”
“You tried to stop them. You are not to blame for their actions.”
“I’m so sorry... I followed them here. I tried to talk them out of it. They wouldn’t listen to reason,” her voice strained as she tried to maintain a measure of control over it.
“It is enough that you tried. Thank you.” I smiled.
“Thank you for being so nice to me,” she whispered.
“I have no reason to treat you otherwise. Anyway, I don’t think I have a choice, but to accept you with open arms. Cozmo has taken quite a shine to you.”
A small smile appeared on her face. “He has,” she agreed.
“Let’s go find him. Those pancakes smell heavenly.” I winked at her.
Lizabelle nodded her head in agreement.
As we walked down the stairs I looked out the window. I could tell that the sun would soon peek its head up over the mountain. There was a dim glow far in the distance. I wondered, again, how Link could feel the light – when now, thirty minutes or so later, my heightened senses could barely perceive it.
Lizabelle and I walked into the kitchen, where Cozmo was flipping pancakes with expertise. He scooped up the three finished cakes in the pan and added them to the stack he’d already built up.
“Hungry?” Cozmo asked, without turning around.
He poured three more perfect circles of batter into the sizzling pan.
“Are they edible?” Marcus quipped from where he was seated with Eve.
“Don’t worry brother. I’ll make a special batch just for you. Actually, why don’t you just take over,” he said, and handed the spatula to Marcus.
“With pleasure.” Marcus smiled. “I’ll show you how it’s supposed to be done.”
Cozmo slid over to where Lizabelle and I stood, and immediately wrapped his arms around her waist.
“How are you feeling Lizzy girl?” he asked with concern.
“Better, now that I am not shifting so often and I’m back in clothes again.” She smiled a small smile. Sadness crept through each of her words. She sighed, heavily, and rested her head on Cozmo’s shoulder.
Instant connections are something quite common in the supernatural world. Our instincts usually proved to be correct, so there was no need to wonder about compatibility. When we know, we know. It was apparent that Lizabelle and Cozmo felt that instant strong connection to one another.
“Where’s Link? He’s not out running laps is he?” I joked.
“He went upstairs to change, right after you did,” Eve answered.
I spun on my heels and headed back upstairs. “Be back in a minute,” I called out, over my shoulder.
The door to his room was closed. I could hear him rummaging around inside. “Whatcha doin’?” I asked, in a sing-songy voice as I pushed open the door.
He was going through the contents of his top dresser drawer. Digging around for something.
“Looking for my sunglasses. My eyes feel like I’ve just had them dilated by the optometrist. It’s as if too much light is coming in.”
“Weird...”
“Have you ever had your eyes dilated?”
“No. Twenty–Twenty before and better than anyone could imagine now.” I pointed to my eyes.
“Well, your eyes are really sensitive to light for a few hours after they put in the drops. They always give you these dark, plastic, disposable glasses to wear afterward. Aah, here they are,” he sighed, pulling a pair of sunglasses out of the drawer and sliding them onto his face in one fluid movement. “Much better.” He blinked rapidly behind the dark lenses.
“Ready to go downstairs?”
“Not just yet.” Link smiled that perfect brilliant smile and I immediately melted into his arms. “How about a Christmas kiss?” he whispered into my hair.
“You don’t have to ask me twice,” I sighed, tilting my head up to his.
“God I love you,” he murmured, his lips against mine.
“You took the words right out of my mouth.”
I moved my arms up, to wrap them around his neck and weaved my fingers through his thick blonde hair. I pressed my body against his, kissing him, tugging at his bottom lip with my own, wishing the embrace would last forever.
“Mmmm,” I hummed against his lips, still kissing, lost in the feeling of us.
“Merry Christmas, beautiful,” he whispered and pressed his forehead to mine.
“Merry Christmas,” I echoed.
The tender moment was interrupted by a voice, ringing clear in my head. These pancakes are getting cold down here, it announced.
“Marcus,” we both said at the same time.
“You heard him too? He must be getting better at his new skill,” I noted.
“I guess we should go,” Link sighed and held out his hand, immediately linking his fingers with mine.
“I guess,” I returned the sigh and leaned forward for one more kiss.
“He’s about to come get us,” Link warned.
“How do you know that?” I asked.
“I hear him walking toward the stairs,” he answered.
“So do I. But how do you?” I shook my head.
“I just do.” He shrugged.
“Weird...” I uttered in confusion, for the second time since I’d entered his room.
“I know...” Link trailed off and pulled on my hand, leading me out the door and down the stairs.
Marcus was standing on the bottom step. He took one look at Link, and quipped, “Future’s so bright?”
“I gotta wear shades,” Link finished.
“Wow, Charity, he actually got an Eighties reference... impressive. But what’s with the shades?” Cozmo asked.
“His eyes are bugging him,” I explained.
“Lincoln, you should allow James to give you a thorough examination later. You’ve had quite an experience,” Catherine suggested.
She made no attempt to hide the concern that was openly displayed on her face, and in her voice.
“I’m inclined to agree,” added James.
“I shall comply with your request,” Link uttered in an overly staunch tone, then smiled and said, “Later, I promise. It’s Christmas morning. Let’s eat and open some presents.”
All eight of us were gathered in the kitchen. Once Marcus was finished with the last batch of pancakes, he joined Eve, James, and Catherine at the round table that joined the kitchen to the living room. Cozmo, Lizabelle, Link and I sat at the counter and we all devoured the meal in relative silence.
The quiet moment gave me time to reflect on the previous night’s events. I had altered Lincoln somehow. I knew it. I had saved his life by giving him my blood. But had I damaged him?
I glanced at Link. He was leaning back in his chair, massaging his temples. Behind the dark shades, his eyes were closed. A slight throb began to percolate in my head. It was a steady thump... no, thud... no, beating of a drum. No, that wasn’t it either. It was a pulsating... a pulse... Link’s pulse!
I could sense every drop of my blood, as it was being pumped through Link’s veins! How was that possible? I’d have to ask James if anything similar had ever happened to him.
“Time for presents,” Link said slowly.
I watched as he rubbed at his eyes and then blink repeatedly.
“You sure you don’t want to rest for awhile? We’ve officially been awake for over twenty-four hours. It’s hard on me sometimes. It’s gotta be difficult for you to even keep those eyes of yours open,” I worried.
“Actually, I don’t really feel tired. I just have a slight headache and my eyes are a bit sensitive.”
“And you’re not hungry,” I added looking at his plate
“I just don’t seem to have the taste for pancakes this morning,” he said, as he pushed the one, half eaten, pancake around the plate with his fork.
“Come with me,” I held out my hand. “Let’s go lie down for a little while. Presents can wait until later.”
“Rest, Lincoln,” Catherine agreed.
Link and I retreated to my bedroom and immediately snuggled under the covers of my bed. We lay on our sides, my back pressed firmly into his chest, and Link’s arm draped across my side - my favorite cuddle position. Actually, anywhere spent wrapped in Link’s arms could be considered my favorite position. I sighed, deeply satisfied, as Link drew me even closer to him.
I closed my eyes and listened to the rhythm of my blood, as it pulsated through my love – a lullaby that had me soon drifting off to sleep. 
The light woke me. It was a single, dazzling ray of sunlight, which beamed through my partially closed shutters, and concentrated itself on my closed eyelids. The brilliant glow made its way through layers of my flesh, to tell my brain to wake-up.
“I’m awake,” I grumbled to the sun, “and I’m alone,” I mumbled as I sat up in my vacated bed and gazed around my empty room. 


****

chapter seventeen
SOMETHING ALTOGETHER NEW
 
He was near – in the house – I was sure of it. I could still feel the steady rhythm of his heart. This new and unfamiliar connection to Link was bizarre, comforting but bizarre. It was a homing beacon of sorts, a metal detector... a Link detector.
As I exited my room and then descended the stairs, I just knew I was getting closer to him with every step that I took. A quick scan of the main level turned up no one. I closed my eyes and allowed my “Link detector" to take over, turning my head to the left and then to the right.
His signal got stronger.
My thoughts turned to our soundproof, windowless Game Room and I walked down another flight of stairs. I paused just a moment, when I reached the door, resting my hands on the surface in front of me. I could feel him strongest there - he was on the other side of the door. I was sure of it. The realization sent a shiver through my body.
I closed my eyes again and concentrated on Lincoln. He was exerting himself, but just slightly. There was a smile on his face. Not my favorite brilliant smile, that lights up his whole face and immediately brings a smile to my own, but a warm confident smile. He was talking to someone, but I couldn’t tell to whom. 
I opened the door.
James, Marcus, Cozmo, and Link turned to stare at me. Each one of them held a different sharp weapon in his hand. The targets on the other side of the room were nearly full of them. Well, that explained the slight exertion.
“You’re awake,” Link beamed at me. “It’s afternoon sleepy girl. You were exhausted.”
“I guess.” I shrugged. “I didn’t think I was that tired.”
James stepped forward, concern filled his face. “Your body needed to recuperate. It was working overtime to replace all the blood that you... um, donated… to Link.”
“Did anybody else sleep? Or am I the only one wasting away Christmas Day?” I shook my head.
“I was up there with you for an hour or two. But it was just getting too bright, with the sun coming through the window and all. So, I came downstairs and started throwing knives. Then these three joined me a little while ago,” Link explained.
“Actually we all got a couple hours of sleep in. It was a long night,” Marcus assured me.
“Where are the girls?” I asked.
“They decided to walk around in the snow. Lizabelle needed to get out. She doesn’t like being inside for too long,” Cozmo answered.
“Do you want to go outside too, now that I’m awake?” I asked Link.
“No. I like it in here. There’s no sunlight. My eyes are still oversensitive for some reason.” Link shrugged.
I looked at his eyes and realized the sunglasses were gone. The bright lights in the room didn’t seem to bother him at all. So, he was oversensitive to sunlight – but not light in general.
“Did you eat?” I worried.
“I made a steak while everyone was still asleep. I’m good. Don’t worry about me.” Link smiled and wrapped his arms around me in a great big bear hug. “Look how good I’m getting.” He pointed to the target directly in front of him.
His aim was improving. He was getting closer to the center than he ever had before.
“Much better,” I praised as I snatched the knife from his hand and sent it toward the target with a deft flick of my wrist.
“Show off,” Link whispered into my hair as the knife hit the bull’s-eye – dead center. 
And the competition was on. Cozmo, not one to be outdone, tried to match my throw. He came fairly close too, but I still had him by at least a half an inch. Marcus and James instantly joined in, and we were soon lost in the rivalry... James, and I, continued to closely study Link. I watched the slight nod of James’s head as he made a mental note of all that he observed.
I don’t know how long we remained in the Game Room. I hadn’t bothered to note the time when I roused from my sleep. My internal clock finally registered and I let out a gasp.
“It’s after five,” I stated with wonder. The day had slipped away from me.
“I know,” Link replied and shot another knife toward the target. “My eyes are starting to feel much better now that the sun is going down.”
“Weird,” I whispered, looking around our windowless room.
Link’s head snapped around the second the word had escaped my lips. He smiled – and winked.
The door swung open and Catherine, Eve, and Lizabelle entered.
Catherine spoke first. “Okay, we’ve been home for about an hour now.”
“We gave you extra time to play because Marcus sent me a message saying he was having too much fun to come upstairs,” Eve added.
We all turned to look at Marcus. “Didn’t I mention that?” Marcus shrugged, sounding quite guilty.
“I swear, darling, I knew nothing of it,” James crossed the room to wrap his arms around her. “But we were having fun.” He smiled.
“Lizzy, my girl,” Cozmo murmured as he slid to her side.
It was odd, looking around the room. I was so used to the three of us – James, Catherine and I. But now there were four seemingly perfectly matched couples. I had found my counterpart, and Cozmo possibly had as well. It felt good – and it almost made me forget my worries about the changes that were taking place within Link - and within me.
“Someone’s on the property,” Catherine interrupted my train of thought. 
“Yes,” James agreed, “a Dark One – a male.”
“Do you know him?” Eve asked. Her brow furrowed with worry.
“What’s a Dark One again?” Link sighed, shaking his head.
“A Vamp,” Cozmo offered, as Lizabelle positioned herself directly behind her newfound mate’s back.
She began to tremble.
“A Vampire is... is... is coming in here,” Link stammered.
“It’s a familiar scent,” James noted.
“Yes,” said Catherine.
“I agree.” I inhaled deeply through my nose, absorbing the scent, trying to identify its owner. It came to me clearly then. “It’s Lulach.” I smiled. “He’s a friend, Link, don’t worry.”
I bounded up the stairs to open the front door. He had been patiently waiting outside, to be sensed and invited in.
“Lulach, welcome to our new home,” I gestured for him to enter.
“Charity my dear, you look as lovely as ever.” He nodded his head in greeting. He spoke with a slight trace of an ancient Scottish accent – somewhat similar to Catherine’s.
Lulach is a striking being. He stands over six feet tall. He has deep rust colored hair that just barely grazes his shoulder blades. His eyes are a piercing green color and his skin is quite pale – even more so than James’s, Catherine’s, or mine. I think he began his Vampire life in the dead of winter, when his flesh hadn’t known the warmth of the sun in months. Time had simply erased any traces of color that had remained from his human days. He probably looked, to the human world, like a man in his early thirties. But he had hinted once that he was close to three hundred.
The Dark One glided into the room, his movements so smooth that he seemed to almost drift along the surface of the floor without touching it - which he actually does. As with the Witches, Vampires are not able to fly.
My Link detector got an immediate rise in action as soon as Lulach entered the house. I reached behind me, to grab onto his hand. After a moment I could sense his pulse slowing just a little. I leaned back into his chest. “It’ll be okay,” I whispered.
“James, Catherine, it has been a long time.” Lulach tilted his head for another brief nod. He ended most of his sentences this way.
“About twenty years... if memory serves. You have a new driver, I see,” James remarked.
“Seumas passed on a few years ago. That is his grandson Christopher. They are a loyal family,” he said.
As James moved to close the door to the house, I peered through the severely darkened windows of the sleek black limo that was now parked in our driveway. In the front seat, keeping his eyes diverted from the house, sat Christopher. This twenty-something mortal man, who belonged to the family that had faithfully been in the employ of Lulach for many generations, appeared to be the soul of discretion. He was obviously well aware that the occupants of this house would never want to be identified.
“These Witches are your friends?” the Vampire questioned.
“Yes. May we introduce Marcus, Eve, and Cozmo. The shy one behind him is Lizabelle,” Catherine told him.
“She is a Shape-Shifter,” Lulach stated matter-of-factly. “What can you shift into my dear?”
“Eagle and fox,” Lizabelle answered quietly, peering around Cozmo’s shoulder, maintaining her distance.
“And who is your fascinating companion?” he asked as he settled his gaze on Link.
“I’m Lincoln Knight.” Link started to extend his hand and then quickly returned it to his side, sensing that Lulach wasn’t one for shaking hands.
“Your heart rate is elevated. Don’t fret Mr. Knight. There is no thirst in this ancient body... at the moment.” The corners of his mouth twitched slightly – Lulach’s version of a smile.
Link gave a small sigh. “Good to know,” he replied.
“I’m afraid I have come out of necessity, this isn’t a social call. I have been keeping a secret from you my dear,” Lulach gazed at me. “I never deemed it necessary to tell. But last night I was made aware of something that prompts me to now divulge some truths that you have been kept unaware of.”
I glanced uneasily from James to Catherine.
“They know nothing of it my dear.” Lulach nodded. “You were in quite a predicament last night. Which concluded with a sizeable quantity of your blood being passed to Mr. Knight it seems,” he continued.
“How do you know that?” I asked, incredulously.
“That is why I am here... to enlighten you. Let’s sit.”
We moved to the living room. Lulach stood by the fireplace. Link and I sat down. I waited.
“Do you remember when you met me, for the first time?” Lulach asked.
“I was about twenty-three, I guess. It was a few years after I came to live with James and Catherine,” I looked to them for confirmation.
“That sounds about right,” Catherine said.
“That is the first time I visited you at their home. However, there was another time. Do you still have no earlier memory of our acquaintance?” Lulach pressed.
“How could I have met you before I met them?” I shook my head, suddenly confused.
“It appears as though you never regained memory of the accident - the one that killed your parents. That is the night that I first laid eyes on you,” Lulach said with his small nod.
“I’m afraid I don’t understand.” I shook my head again.
“I was on my way to visit with James and Catherine that night, traveling through the trees. It was a night to be out in nature, thick with mist. The condition was perfect for a Dark One passing through the streets alone, but not so perfect for a mortal family to be out driving. 
“I came upon your parent’s car, sometime after it had rolled down an embankment. On impulse, I stopped to investigate. I found your parents first. They were gone, bled out, of no use to me. Excuse me. That was a bit cold wasn’t it? But to be open and truthful, at the time, if I had been able to, I would have taken whatever blood was available.
“You had been thrown from the vehicle. I found you quite injured, but still alive. You had several broken bones, bruises, and a deep cut to your head. It was bleeding. Without swift medical attention, you would have died. You smelled delicious, and I have to admit... I immediately wanted to drain you. I bit into your neck my dear, and started to drink. You tasted as exquisite as I knew you would. But something stopped me. I stared into your lovely face and found myself compelled to try to heal you instead.
“I bit into my wrist and put it to your lips. Vampire blood is quite healing, as you know, much more so than Immortal blood. I would either heal you, or turn you, depending on how much your supply had already been depleted. I truly wasn’t sure what would happen. But I was willing to take the gamble.” Lulach paused, with a nod.
“I drank from you?” I whispered, with a shake of my head.
“Yes, my dear. I realized, as you were drinking my blood, that yours – though delicious – had a tinge of the supernatural. It was then that it struck me, you were an Immortal One. My blood had quickened the process, but you would have healed yourself eventually,” Lulach paused again. “You received a large portion of my blood, my dear girl.” 
“Am I connected to you? Do you feel my heart beat? Do you hear my pulse race, the blood flow through my body?” I demanded.
“Why, yes, my dear, your pulse is quickening as we speak. I can hear you from miles away, across continents. My blood still flows in you. If it had been a mortal that I’d healed, the Vampire blood would have found its way out of the mortal body. The effect would have worn off. But the opposite happened, somehow my blood found a way to combine with your blood. I always know where you are... how you are.
“It was that connection that made me aware of your deep distress last night. I sensed the danger and made arrangements to come to you. Soon after departure, I became aware of another presence. It was faint, but it was there. You had shared your blood, and in turn had shared mine,” Lulach nodded.
“Why didn’t you tell me this before? Why don’t I remember?” I wanted answers.
“At the time of the accident, you didn’t seem to be aware of your situation. I stayed with you all night, and found shelter during the day. When I came back the next evening you were still sleeping. Your body was working hard to recover from all of your injuries. Your blood and my blood labored together, to repair internal damage, and slowly you regained consciousness. But you wouldn’t remain awake for long, and you seemed frightened of me each time you woke.
“I didn’t want to scare you, my dear, but most importantly, you had no bloodlust when you woke. So instead of keeping you with me, I found a way to leave clues to your whereabouts. I picked up a few parts from the car and left them on the highway. And soon you were discovered, so I continued on,” he told me.
“You showed up at our home soon after that,” James said. “I remember a conversation about human frailty and Immortal strength. You said you had met another Immortal, but you never gave me any details.”
“Discretion is of utmost importance, is it not? The visit you remember, Charity, is when I came back a few years later to check up on you. I was pleasantly surprised to find you sharing a home with my friends. But you still had no memory of the event, and I didn’t see the need to force it.” Lulach nodded.
“Well that explains the two visits so close together. I’m pretty sure that it was the one and only time you didn’t allow fifteen to twenty years to lapse between visits,” Catherine remarked.
“I was following my connection to Charity and ended up at your home. It was a lovely discovery,” Lulach’s mouth twitched into a small smile.
“I feel that connection to you Link. I’ve been going crazy since I woke up from my sleep. I can hear you... I can feel you... I can almost see you... even when you are not in the same room as me,” I gasped and turned back to Lulach. “But I never changed from your blood. I don’t have Vampire strength. I’m not swift, definitely not agile. My eyes do not burn from the sunlight. Link is going through all sorts of changes today. I didn’t change at all?”
“That is not entirely true. I agree with the lack of agility, you break too many bones, and the your strength and speed are quite averager. However, your hearing is sharper and more precise than either James or Catherine. I have put it to several tests throughout the years. Vampires can command their body’s pace of healing. That is how we are able to allow others to drink from us. You too have that ability. I think you have more within you, Charity. You just need to channel the power that is locked within my blood and bring it out,” Lulach explained.
“Vampire’s eyes burn in the sunlight,” Link exhaled. A light bulb had gone off in his head. “My eyes...”
“...have been extremely sensitive to sunlight all day,” I finished his sentence.
“I’m fast. I’m strong. My vision, my aim, my hearing... have all heightened. I’m not becoming like you. I’m becoming like him.” Link shuddered.
“You are not a Dark One, young man. I could tell in an instant that you had traits, but you are not entirely one of us. When I gave Charity my blood it fused with hers. So, what you received is something that is entirely unique. There is no other blood like it in this world.” Lulach nodded.
“I’m a hybrid car - part gas powered, part electric.” Link smirked.
“May I?” Lulach spoke, and then was at Link’s side as if he had been there all along. The quickness of the movement was startling. Without waiting for permission, Lulach raised Link’s hand, pierced his palm with one fingernail, then licked the blood away, and the wound shut. “There are three elements to your blood, young man. The taste of mortal is faint. You had lost the majority of your blood I assume. Charity’s Immortal blood is in you, I remember that intoxicating flavor so well. Since my blood is fused with Charity’s, Vampire blood is also present.”
“I’m a tri-bred then,” Link sighed.
Cozmo, who had been silently listening - along with Marcus, Eve, and Lizabelle - gave a snort. “A tri-bred,” he repeated. 
That brought back the twitch of a smile to Lulach’s lips. “Observe him well, James. He is the only one of his kind... that I know of. Be aware of your body’s needs Mr. Knight. Although Charity’s body never desired blood, yours may. Don’t deny it what it wants, or it may lead to involuntary actions that you will later regret.”
Lizabelle gave a visible shudder to that last statement.
“I wish I had known some of this earlier. I wish I could remember that night. I guess I need to thank you for staying with me and for making sure that I was found,” I told him.
“I should not have waited so long to tell you the truth. But would the knowledge have changed anything? Would you still have shared your blood with this man?” Lulach asked.
“I would have done... I will do... anything to save him. He was dying, right before my eyes. But now I have changed him in so many ways.” I covered my face with my hands, ashamed.
“Charity, don’t. I accept the changes, whatever they may be, as long as they keep me with you. I love you.” Link tugged at my hands, lowered them from my face, and pushed back my hair.
“But you had no choice. I did this to you,” I worried.
“I had a choice. I chose to be with you, even after I found out what you were. I choose you.” Link’s voice was calm and steady. There was no hint of regret. But that could still come. He might wake up one day in the desperate throes of bloodlust and lament my actions. As if reading my thought, though I know he couldn’t, Link cradled my face in his hands. “Charity, you are everything to me. I will never grieve the loss of a purely mortal life,” he whispered, and brushed my lips with his own.
“I love you,” I breathed. 

Lulach departed very soon after that. He blamed his abrupt exodus on a newly acquired lead on a murderer, in Cortez. He wasn’t sure how long the offender would remain in the city, and he wanted to capture him while his trail was still warm. He promised to come back as soon as the deed was done.
That’s how it has been with Lulach for as long as I’ve known him. He gets a lead on a vicious murderer from somewhere, and hunts that person down. He said the hunt was best part. The blood of the wicked, that is the only blood he permitted himself anymore. Before he left, he told me that I was the last drink of innocent blood he had taken. Taken being the key word. He still allowed himself the innocent, but willing, donor. There are many people who will gladly bare their neck for a Dark One, especially one as striking as Lulach.

How we managed to regain composure, sit down to a Christmas dinner, and then continue with the opening of presents, still amazes me. But we did it, and it was a wonderful night.
Catherine loved the yards of antique material that I had acquired for her. And, James was equally pleased with the books. I always keep presents stashed away for the Witches. This year I gave each of them a tiny MP3 player that I had pre-loaded with tons of their favorite music – a different color, and a different selection of songs for each. Catherine had thoughtfully wrapped a gorgeous dress, and had presented it to Lizabelle – who accepted the gift with a sincere smile.
That is my favorite part of Christmas... watching the smile appear. To me, the joy is in the giving.
At Twelve-oh-one, I know this because I looked at the clock, Link and I went back up to my room. It had been a long two days. Perhaps, the longest in my life. I was exhausted and simply wanted to sleep in my favorite place – wrapped in Link’s loving arms.
“There is still one more present to open,” Link announced as he flashed that brilliant smile. There was a touch of devilishness behind it this time. It was a knowing smile, a secretive one.
“It’s after midnight. It’s not Christmas anymore,” I reminded him.
“Ah, but I’ve been told the night belongs to the day it follows. So technically... still Christmas. Open,” he commanded and placed a large square red-foil wrapped present, with gold and silver ribbon adorning the paper, on my lap.
“It’s so pretty.” I smiled. “I almost don’t want to open it.”
“Please do,” he whispered.
I pulled at the ribbon, loosening the bow, and then slipping it off. Next, I tore at the red foil wrapping, discarding it to the floor. Then, I closed my eyes, and lifted off the lid.
I paused there for a moment, eyes closed, a smile on my face.
“Well, aren’t you gonna look?” Link quietly asked.
I glanced down and spied that inside the box, nestled in a cloud of white cotton, was a shiny silver throwing star - Link’s Charity – was engraved around the center circle. 
“See, you are not the only one that can give a weapon as a present.” He smiled. “Lift it up, see how it fits in your hand,” he coaxed.
I reached into the box and carefully lifted out my present. It was then that I noticed a thin, transparent string – like fishing line – was tied to one point of the star. As I lifted the star up higher, a shiny bauble was suspended in the air. A white gold ring with three glittering diamonds hung from the star. The center stone was slightly larger, with a smaller one on each side of it.
“Marry me, Charity. You are my past, my present, and my future – forever.” Link had slid down to the floor in front of me, perched on one knee. It was a true old-fashioned proposal.
I sat motionless, one hand raised high in the air, holding the star so that the ring was suspended in front of my eyes. I just stared at it.
“Well?” Link smiled as the tears streamed down my face.
“Are you sure, Link? You really haven’t known me that long. It’s only been a couple of months,” I questioned him, unable to believe this was happening to me.
“You’re it, baby, the one I’ve been waiting for.”
“Yes, Lincoln, my love, I will marry you,” I beamed through the tears.
Link eased the star out of my hands and snapped the fishing line as if it were a gossamer thread. He slid the ring onto the third finger of my left hand.
“God, I love you,” I murmured, and his lips were immediately on mine.
“That’s my line.” He smiled as he scooped me up, to cradle me in his arms. His lips never left mine and he continued to kiss me in a way that sent an electrifying shock through my body. He held me close, much longer than any mortal man could. It was as if I was made of air.
“You are so strong now,” I murmured against his lips, not wanting to break away.
After another minute, when I truly needed the air, Link pulled back. “I’ve got powers,” he breathed.
“Awesome powers,” I agreed. 


****

chapter eighteen
BEGINNING AGAIN
 
My name is Emily Johnston, seventeen-year-old high school senior. And, I have recently added to the town gossip machine that has been running at full force since Christmas day.
The first bit of juicy information, that got the machine oiled up and started, was the discovery of two dead men. They had apparently been fighting each other at the top of Bridal Veil Falls, sometime after dark on Christmas Eve. They, strangely enough, were involved in a gun and knife battle that ended when some bears stumbled upon them and attacked them, driving them toward the falls. The two men and the two bears, fell over the falls. The bodies were found in the late afternoon, on Christmas Day, when some ice climbers stumbled upon them. The local police were still piecing together the clues left at the scene.
I obtained all this information from Summer, when she called me, breathless with excitement and fear, the day after Christmas. The fear part came from the fact that, the authorities believed there were two bears involved in the attack, but only one body was found. There were bloody bear tracks leading away from the base of the falls. An alert was put out for an injured bear, which had already attacked two men, and may still be alive and dangerous.
This news brought a ray of hope into the eyes of Lizabelle, our new Shape-Shifting friend. She immediately left our house, along with Cozmo – they were now inseparable – in search of the injured bear. We were unsure if it was Elliott or Rowan that had survived the fall. They needed to track the surviving Shifter down, to find out. 
Our friends departed, with anticipation and caution. Lizabelle wanted answers. She wanted to know why her brothers would take a murder for hire job. She insisted that it just wasn’t something she could have ever imagined them doing.
The second bit of information, given to Summer Paxton by yours truly, was that I was quitting Telluride High School. I told her that I’d been taking extra online courses and was only one credit away from my diploma. Technically I am not a High School drop-out, since I’d be finishing my coursework online. That’s my story and I’m sticking to it. Plus, this would have been my sixth senior year. I have the five previous diplomas to prove it, each with a different name, but still me. I had to go through the coursework, I had to pass the tests, so they’re mine. I just couldn’t spend another day posing as a High School student, especially after all that had happened to me since we’d moved to this town.
The third bit of information was again about me, this time spread promptly by Delilah and Summer. 
Early afternoon, on New Year’s Day, after I’d just walked out of the Chinese Restaurant with Link at my side (we were picking up take-out), Summer and Delilah spotted us and ran over to say “hi!” I’d been sporting my new engagement ring, since the moment Link slipped it on my finger. Delilah immediately screamed, “Oh! My! God!” at the top of her lungs, in the middle of the street the second she spied it.
They gushed, I beamed, and I’m sure that by now the whole town thinks I am “with child”. I heard a few whispers, almost immediately. Why else would a seventeen-year-old girl decide to leave High School and also become engaged? Little do they know, it’s entirely impossible. There has only been one virgin birth that I am aware of, and I’m pretty sure I’m not the next candidate for that miracle. In a few months, when my belly still hasn’t grown, people will have no choice but to admit that the rumor was false. I’m a very patient woman. I can wait until then for my apologetic glances.
Lulach still hadn’t returned. I guessed that murderer was slicker than he thought. Either that or he got a lead on another one, right away. I was sure we’d see him soon. There are so many questions we still need answered.
Link was still adjusting to the brightness of sunlight. He’ll always need to wear sunglasses, the darker the better, during daylight hours. We found him a pair of ridiculously dark goggles, and we actually skied. It was grey and overcast on that particular day, so it helped immeasurably. There has only been one time, so far, that Link experienced the bloodlust. James was able to misappropriate a bag of O positive from work. Link stuck a straw in it and sucked it right down. It was a gruesome version of a kid’s juice pouch.
I still feel guilty, but Link keeps telling me that it’s not so bad. He says he will endure whatever it takes to be with me. That is the best feeling in the world.
New Year’s Day was a day for reflection. It was one week since the turmoil, one week since I had almost lost Link, and one week since I had irrevocably changed him. It was also one week of being engaged, one week of basking in blissful love, and one week of knowing that the Lords were no longer out to get me. It was one lovely, peaceful, wonderful week.
I sat at the kitchen table, eating my Chinese food, with Link beside me.
“Your brain is going a hundred miles an hour. I can almost hear it buzzing beside me,” Link said softly, breaking the silence.
“Just thinking about... well everything,” I sighed.
“That’s a lot to think about.”
“Okay, I’ll narrow it down. Just thinking about all that’s happened to us in the last week,” I sassed back at him.
“Are you worried about gossip?” Link asked.
“Maybe a little.”
“I’m glad they know.”
“Who knows what?”
“I’m glad your friends saw us today. I’m glad they saw the ring. I want everyone to know that we belong together.”
“My age, my dropping out, our engagement – it’s scandalous,” I reminded him.
He waved his hand through the air. “Let them talk.” 
“You’re right, I know. It’s just that I’ve never felt like anyplace was home, and this could be it. This could be a home for us... for awhile anyway...” I paused
“We can make this our home. The young married couple will fit in nicely with this town. The gossip will fade. I promise. So, you’ve never given me an answer,” he raised his eyebrows.
He wanted to know when we’d be married. I’d been stalling for the entire week, trying to decide on the most appropriate time. “How about in February, after Emily’s birthday?” I suggested.
“I guess I can wait for that. It’s just a few weeks away. Then you’ll... well Emily’ll be legally considered an adult. Caterer, florist, photographer... We’d better get started if we’re gonna pull a wedding off so soon.” Link whistled.
“No way, buddy. No Telluride wedding, although it would be beautiful. I want it to be private. I want to get away, to escape from Emily, to be wild and free.” I smiled.
“So where are we going?”
“Vegas baby!”
“Who’s going to Vegas?” Marcus asked as he and Eve entered the room.
“Apparently, Charity and I are getting married there next month,” Link answered.
“Not without us you’re not,” Eve furrowed her brow, slightly hurt at the prospect of not being invited.
“Exactly,” I answered. “Won’t it be fun? Link and I, Catherine and James, you and Marcus... oh, and you’ll have to get a hold of Cozmo and Lizabelle. Marcus, do your brain phone thingy. All of us together in Vegas,” I jumped up to grab Eve’s hands. “I’m getting married!” I squealed.
“Correction... we’re getting married.” Link beamed that brilliant smile at me and got up to encircle me in his arms.
“Now that’s a plan,” Marcus and Eve chimed.
There is a car in the drive, Marcus flashed the message into our heads at the same moment that I became aware it.
I ran to open the door, and found Christopher exiting Lulach’s limousine. I instantly knew that Christopher was running an errand. Because Lulach, in fact, refused to be out in the sunlight, and it was not yet sundown.
“He sent me with news,” Christopher spoke quietly. “Can we go inside?”
“Of course,” I stepped back to allow him entrance.
“He heard about the surviving Shape-Shifter. He is worried that the Shifter may be aware of Mr. Knight’s, um, changes. If the Shifter wants to harm you still, there are people he could notify.” Christopher relayed the message.
“I hadn’t thought of that,” I admitted.
“Who could he tell?” Link wondered aloud.
“Beauvais,” Marcus and Eve answered in unison. It was as if they were sharing a brain now that Marcus could get into her head so often.
“One of many, I’m afraid,” Christopher answered.
“Please thank him for me,” I managed a weak smile.
“He said to keep this,” Christopher said as he handed me a white business card. “It has all my information on it. Contact me, anytime, and Lulach will come. He doesn’t think that a threat is necessarily imminent. He just wants to make sure you are aware of the possibility.”
“We appreciate the warning,” Link responded.
“I’m on my way then. Lulach is engaged with Dark Counsel dealings. He regrets that he was unable to come himself. Goodbye,” Christopher turned abruptly and opened the door to leave. He was strictly business, that guy.
“I knew it was too soon to breathe easy,” I sighed.
“That doesn’t mean anything. The Vampire just wants us to keep an eye out. And we will. We will be vigilant in all our dealings. But that doesn’t mean stop living, stop enjoying life.” Link coaxed the smile back to my face.
“So we have a trip to plan.” Eve bounced her way back to the kitchen.
“I’ll grab your laptop so you can do a little internet research,” Marcus offered and bounded up the stairs.
“What if we have to leave and start a new life somewhere else?” I worried.
“Then we do,” Link answered.
“You’re right. It’ll be an adventure,” I said.
“What should my name be? I assume I’ll need a new name. I’ve never done that before... a secret identity, an alter ego,” Link winked.
“You’ll have to remember it, and answer to it, and let it become a part of you. I have trouble doing that sometimes. Don’t you think you may want to pick it yourself?” I asked.
“Nope,” Link said with a shrug.
“Okay then, I choose David, a solid biblical name, King David,” I said. “Whenever you have to stop being Link, you can start being David. You are the King,” I stated.
“And you are my Queen!” he replied.
I held his face and smothered him with a thousand small kisses. I covered every inch of his beautiful face, and finally came to rest my lips on his. Eve stepped backwards as quietly as she could, and headed up the stairs, re-directing Marcus, who was halfway back down.
I pulled away to look into his eyes. “Don’t stop now,” Link displayed a devilish smile and leaned in for another kiss. Instead of a thousand small kisses, he grabbed onto me for one deep delicious kiss. My head began to swim and I gasped. His heart began to beat faster. I could feel the blood rushing through his body. I smiled.
It was hard not to smile lately. I was about to begin my life. The life I was supposed to live. One filled with friendship, and love. 

The End...
for now.

Novels by S.L. Baum

THE IMMORTAL ONES SERIES – YA paranormal romance
A Chance for Charity (The Immortal Ones – book one)
My Link in Time (The Immortal Ones – book two)
Of Fire and Brimstone (The Immortal Ones – Elizabeth’s Novella)
Our Summer of Discontent (The Immortal Ones – book three)
The Eve of Destruction (The Immortal Ones – book four)
The Arrival of Dawn (The Immortal Ones – book five) *coming soon

The LUSH novels – YA Dystopian
LUSH (a LUSH novel – book one)
HUSH (a LUSH novel – book two)
CRUSH (a LUSH novel – book three)

The Deathtaker Series – Paranormal Romance
The Deathtaker (Deathtaker – book one)
The Deathtaker’s Daughter (Deathtaker – book two)
The New Deathtaker (Deathtaker – book three) *coming soon

You can catch up with all the random stuff that I do (not that it’s really all that interesting to anyone else but me)… at any one of these places…
Website - http://slbaum.com 
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/slbaumnovel/
Blog - http://mywriteroad.blogspot.com
Twitter - @slbaum
Instagram - @slbaum
Snapchat - @slbaum71

Thank you so much for downloading A Chance for Charity.

***

READ A CHAPTER FROM THE SEQUEL ...

MY LINK IN TIME
The Immortal Ones

chapter two
BLOOD & LUST

I snatched my phone from my desk and punched in James’s cell phone number. Voicemail - as usual. “What else did I expect from the doctor?” I mumbled aloud as his message played, and I waited for the beep. “Link needs more you know what, and he needs it now!” I spoke into the phone. I ended the call and texted the exact same message.
James would check his phone soon, I hoped. He was usually pretty good about it. It just depended on how much time he needed to spend with his current patient. I stood by my desk for a moment, contemplating my next move, trying to think of anything that would help Link cope with whatever he was dealing with.
The phone buzzed in my hand. James had texted back. He was leaving the medical center in five minutes and was coming home “with supplies.” That was good. I breathed a sigh of relief. That was very good.
I walked down the hall and knocked lightly on Link’s door.
“Don’t come in, Charity. I feel better with some space between us,” Link called out.
“I’m just letting you know that James will be here soon,” I spoke through the door. “Thirty minutes at the very most. Hold on, babe. Close your eyes and rest.”
“Thanks, Charity. I’ll be fine ‘til then. Love you.”
With my forehead resting on the door to his room, I whispered back, “I love you too.” Then I pushed away from the door and forced myself to walk down the hall, back to my bedroom, and wait until James arrived.

The second I heard James open the door to the house, I ran toward the stairs. “He’s in his room,” I called out.
My fumbling nature, that seemed to come out at the worst possible moments, took over. I snagged my foot on the side of the banister, and I stumbled forward. My hands flew out in front of me, bracing for the fall. The palm of my left hand hit the corner of the metal post at the top of the stairs, and my skin split open.
I sucked in loudly as the pain registered in my brain. After I steadied myself, I stared at the bloody diagonal gash, which started at my pinky finger and ended at the bottom of my thumb.
“Charity, what did you do?” James asked as he bound up the stairs, taking them three at a time.
“It’s minor. Just deal with Link,” I told him as I shook my head, embarrassed by my clumsiness.
James held a portable cooler in his right hand. “I had a feeling this morning,” he remarked, as he reached the top step. “He looked off. I don’t know how else to explain that. Just off. I think I was waiting for the call from the moment I left the house.”
“You guys really should have told me you were doing this little experiment,” I scowled, and opened the door to Link’s bedroom.
He was standing on the other side of the bed. His hands were knotted into fists and pressed firmly at his sides. My favorite smile was nowhere to be found. The features of his face were tense, and that was putting it lightly. Tightly wound was closer to the truth.
“I already told him that,” James replied as he looked at Link’s over stressed state. “You’ll be in the loop next time.”
“You’re bleeding, Charity,” Link spoke through gritted teeth.
“I’m fine, I swear.”
“Just put it on the bed, James,” Link said, his voice strained. “I don’t know if I should trust myself right now.”
“Breathe in through your mouth, Link. Take a deep one, and try not to use your sense of smell,” I offered. “I trust you. I’ll always trust you. Plus, it’s not as if you could do any lasting damage to me,” I said. I glanced down at my palm as the last bit of flesh knitted itself back together and the wound disappeared.
I hurried into Link’s bathroom, quickly rinsed the blood from my hand, and turned back around.
James placed the cooler on the bed, and I noticed that Link was already holding the pointed metal straw that he now kept for these situations. Relief flashed in his eyes as he quickly moved over to the bed and sat on the comforter, placing himself right next to the cooler. Link extracted a unit of blood from the square white box (O-positive, his favorite), and plunged in the straw.
I could only describe this scene as... Juice Pouch City. I could just picture some random three-year-old kid with his favorite juice pouch. It seriously gave me the creeps to think about it.
The metal straw allowed him to quickly access the blood, and suck it down to the last drop, without the bag being upside down in its normal hospital position. He could probably use that tube thingy, but he liked his metal straw.
After he downed the first four hundred fifty milliliters, Link reached in and grabbed another bag-o-blood. As he slowly sipped at the second one, I sensed his pulse returning to normal. I closed my eyes and concentrated on our connection, checking to make sure that he was really okay. He was beginning to feel like himself again, to me at least.
“Okay, if I thought I’d experienced bloodlust before – I was wrong! That was bloodlust. That was, if I don’t get blood soon I will have to go out there and get some! I am not a fan of that feeling.” Link breathed in deeply through his nose. “You don’t smell quite so delicious now, Charity,” he sighed with relief.
“I’m gonna take that as a good thing.” I weakly smiled back. “Now can we all agree that our once a week schedule, that we were observing before, needs to be put back into place?” I stressed my concerns.
“No, Charity, I’m sorry, but we can’t. We need to push Lincoln to his upper most thresholds. Maybe you don’t like that idea, but it is the only way he will be able to build up a resistance to these urges. I spoke to Christopher on the phone about this. Lulach was in favor of our plan. It took him several years to get to a ten-day gap. Link has done it in a few weeks. Since Link isn’t a full Dark One, he should be able to go for longer periods of time.”
“Oh sure! You discussed this with Lulach and his chauffer, slash personal assistant - but not with me. This story gets better by the minute,” I spewed heavy sarcasm to cover my distress. “You saw him James. You saw the panic in his face when you got here!”
“I’m doing pretty good, Charity. I’ve been pushing it one day further each time. I made it two extra days this time.” Link put his mouth back on the straw and gave a thumbs-up.
“Well, I give you a thumbs-down. You barely made it two extra days. I can’t believe you made it ten days. I want you to drink some more right before we leave on our trip. It is less than a week away. We will be in Vegas for a week, and I want you to recharge the moment we get back. Got it? I’ll go bridezilla on you for this one. Do not mess with me!” I pointed my index finger at both of them – to show them I was serious.
“Charity is making a valid point,” James agreed. “As we’ve already noted, I won’t have access to a blood bank in Nevada, and we shouldn’t take any chances with the wedding coming up so soon.”
“I agree.” Link nodded as he drained the second bag. “I wouldn’t do anything that would put a strain on this trip. But I promise nothing once we return. Come on, Charity, you gotta see the logic in this.”
I did see the logic. It made perfect sense for him to discover his limitations. It was completely rational to build up a higher tolerance for less blood in his system. That way he could wean himself down, and discover the lowest possible dose of human blood required to keep his body functioning at optimum capacity. I saw it clearly. I just didn’t want to think about the toll that it might take on my Lincoln.
“When we get back, you are free to experiment, with my full support. I promise.” I narrowed my eyes as I answered - to let them know that I still wasn’t completely happy about it.
“Right,” James stood up. “Well, on that note, I am headed back to the medical center. It’s been an interesting lunch break.”
He walked toward the door of Link’s bedroom.
“Thank you for saving the day.” Link gave James a gracious smile.
“I need to do something about keeping a small supply of blood here at the house for you, Lincoln. I’ll figure something out,” James concluded.
He exited the room and jogged to the front door. Moments later, I heard the engine of his vehicle start up, and the crunch of his tires on the snow, as he pulled out of the driveway and onto the road.
“You worry me too much,” I frowned.
“I don’t want to worry you. I really am sorry. I should have approached this differently. We are in this together.”
“Together,” I agreed. “Now go rinse your mouth out with some water, please,” I told him.
Link immediately walked into the bathroom to do just that. He knew the whole other people’s blood thing was not my favorite. Actually it was just the thought of kissing him after he’d consumed blood.
“Can we get back to where we were before that pesky bloodlust came over you?” I asked, as he walked back over to where I stood. “I was thoroughly enjoying the feel of your lips right here.” I pointed to my neck. “And right here.” I pointed to my lips.
“Oh, I think there was a considerable amount of good old fashioned lust involved in that kiss as well.” He smiled and pulled me closer.
His lips were instantly on mine. It was a completely different kind of craving, one that came from both of our bodies. The bond that we shared synced our pulses. I could feel the blood rushing through his veins with every beat of my heart. I closed my eyes, wrapped my arms around his neck, and deepened the kiss.
His hands, which were resting on my hips, moved slightly lower and back. His thumbs slipped through the belt-loops of my jeans, and his fingers tucked themselves into my back pockets. I let go of his neck, let my hands wander down his sides, and then sneak up the back of his shirt. I stroked his back and grabbed onto his flesh, pulling him even closer to me.
Link trailed his lips down to my neck again and lowered the strap to my tank top. I dropped my head back as I felt his tongue and his lips caress the top of my shoulder. A warmth spread over me. I could feel my skin heat up as the blood rushed even faster through my veins.
“It’s just a week away, right?” I whispered, my eyes closed, enraptured by the feeling of his mouth on my skin.
“Less than a week,” he whispered back.
“We can wait that long, right?”
“Yes, we can,” he said as his hands snaked up the back of my shirt as well.
“You’re not making it very easy.”
“It’s never been easy for me. Why should I make it any easier for you?” he said with a smile. “Do you know how many times I have had to walk away from you wanting more?”
“Yes, I know. I really, really know,” I sighed.
“You are delicious, you know. The feel of your skin, the taste of your lips, the smell of your hair... I can’t get enough of you.”
“Lincoln,” I breathed.
“Charity, I love you so much.”
“I love you too.”
“One week?”
“Less than a week,” I assured us both.

“I’m fine.” “He’s fine.” We both called out at the same time. We looked at each other. “Marcus,” we echoed with a sigh.
Eve’s permanent fiancé, Marcus (Eve said she simply likes the way the word fiancé rolls off her tongue – but make no mistake, their commitment to each other is unwavering), had popped into our heads to ask how Link was doing. His “brain phone thingy,” as I liked to call it, was his current favorite power. It had only been a little over a month since he’d acquired the power, and he was becoming more skilled at using it with each passing day. I wished it were a two-way calling system sometimes. Marcus was able to transmit messages into a person’s head. You could hear him as clear as if he were speaking right next to you. But we had to answer him out loud, and that meant using our lips for something other than their current occupation.
Can we come up? was the next question he broadcasted.
“Yes,” we shouted in unison.
“I guess we could use the distraction,” I muttered.
Link bent his head down to my shoulder again and placed a single kiss there. “One week,” he breathed.
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell me he was pushing himself this way,” I accused, as Marcus and Eve walked into Link’s room.
“I have to turn it on, Charity. You know that. It is a purposeful memory scan, not a constant stream of information. I make it a point not to pry, unless I feel it is warranted.” Eve waved her hand at me.
“Well it is warranted,” I answered.
“If you want me to spy, you have to ask me to spy,” Eve responded.
“Seriously, just like that, you’d spy on me?” Link asked.
“If she asked, and I thought it was needed, I’d take a quick look,” Eve admitted with a quick shrug of her shoulders.
“There are no secrets from Eve,” I reminded Link.
“That kinda sucks,” Link shot back.
“Tell me about it,” Marcus laughed. “She doesn’t exactly have to turn it on. Do you love?” Marcus turned to Eve.
“Well...” Eve started.
“When she’s got skin contact she can’t totally control the stream of information. Things do just come through. I’ve never been able keep a secret from her. It was her first power. Gift giving is quite a challenge,” Marcus informed them.
“You could always keep your hands, and your lips, to yourself,” Eve offered.
“Never gonna happen,” he readily admitted.
“Then don’t complain!”
“I’m just letting the boy know the whole truth. I will never complain about skin contact with you, my love,” Marcus said with a smile.
“The boy... I hate that,” Link muttered.
“When you have a few more years under your belt, you can be relieved of your boy status,” Marcus said with a smile.
“In the mortal world, twenty-two is not considered a boy,” Link proclaimed.
“Yes, but, you’re living in a whole other world now,” Eve reminded him.
“I hate to admit it, but Catherine and I have called you a boy as well,” I gave a guilty sigh.
“Great. Wonderful. Got it. I’m a boy!”
“You’re a wonder boy, with awesome powers. Don’t forget.” I smiled at him.
“We can get you some super hero tights and a cape, my friend. Is it a bird? Is it a plane?” Marcus stifled a laugh.
“Oh, Oh, and a black mask that just covers your eyes,” Eve added with a giggle as she made circles with her fingers and brought them up to her eyes, to mimic a super hero mask.
“And a utility belt to hold all your cool gadgets,” Catherine shouted out from her room.
She had obviously heard our conversation and couldn’t keep herself from joining in.
I lost it! “That’s not where I was going with that statement, but that’s too funny,” I stumbled over the words, as the giggles had caught me as well.
“I surrender.” Link’s brilliant smile appeared, and a chuckle escaped his lips.
My eyes started to water as I gave in to the laughter that was taking over my body. I think it was sweet relief from the tension that had ruled just minutes before. A good laugh helped set things right again and made me put everything in perspective. We would get through this. We would learn how to deal with the changes in Link’s body, just as the rest of our group had learned to deal with our own unique qualities. It was just another, something new.

**********

