For My Mom 
Smiling down on me from Heaven


* * * * *

A Different Kind of Love

By

CR Delport

* * * * *

A Different Kind of Love

Copyright © 2016 by CR Delport

PUBLISHED BY:

CR Delport at Smashwords

Cover Art:

www.myebookcover.co.za




Chapter 1

Lucy Campbell fidgeted with the purse in her lap. She sat on the leather-upholstered chair in the luxurious foyer of the Cincinnati regional command centre of First Trust Savings and Loans. She watched as a steady stream of people walk into the big office building and enter through the turnstiles to start their work day.
It was her first day in a new job, and butterflies fluttered around in her stomach. Moments earlier she reported to the security station, and they informed her that Mr. Cunningham would be with her shortly.
After a ten minute wait, a tall, slim young man in his early twenties walked through the security turnstiles. He had a mop of wild curly brown hair, and was dressed in jeans and a blue, striped golf shirt.
“Lucy Campbell?” he asked.
Lucy hadn’t met her new boss yet, but thought he would be older, and better dressed. When she came for her interview a month earlier, she was informed that he was away on business and was interviewed by two people from human resources, and two managers from another department. She later found out that it was company policy to have two managers present at interviews.
She rose to her feet clutching her purse. “Eh, Mr. Cunningham?”
The young man laughed. “I wish! No, I’m Peter Dunfield, one of the operators. Paul sent me down to fetch you. Did security issue you with a temporary pass?”
Lucy nodded and held up the plastic access card.
The young man smiled and said, “Follow me.”
He showed her how to swipe at the turnstile and then swiped after her to authorize her entry. She pushed through and then followed Peter to a lift. They got off on the second floor, and he led her down a corridor.
They passed a round, glass-paneled room. Several flat screen televisions, used as monitors, lined the walls. The team leader at the back overlooked three rows of desks, with four people in each row.
“This is where I work. We call it, The Fishbowl,” Peter said with a proud smile.
Lucy smiled. An apt name for the room. The setup was familiar. She started her career as a mainframe operator in a similar environment.
Peter showed her to an office located next to the entrance to The Fishbowl. He glanced around the empty room. “Paul must’ve stepped out for a second. You can wait here. I’m sure he’ll be with you in a moment.”
With that, Peter swiped at the security booth and entered The Fishbowl. Lucy stepped into the office. Of all the offices of senior managers she had seen over the years that one was the smallest. A medium-sized oak desk stood in the middle of the room with a black leather chair behind it, and two plain office chairs in front for visitors.
An open, top-of-the-range laptop stood on the desk, but the screen was locked. On the right edge of the desk were three photo frames. The one contained a picture of two young children, a young girl of about eight, and a boy of five.The second frame had a picture of a man and woman with the same two children, but when the children were much younger. The third frame contained a picture of the man and woman on their wedding day.
Lucy took a closer look. Dressed in her wedding gown, the woman was a picture of elegant beauty. Her long, curly blonde hair was done in a stylish manner, and the complicated white dress fitted her like a glove.
The man was dressed in a black tuxedo with a matching bowtie. His thick eyebrows matched his short, black hair. Friendly brown eyes stared at her through the picture. The man’s square jaw made him look stubborn, but showed his authority. They were both handsome people, but together, they made a stunning couple.
Two minutes later, Paul Cunningham walked into his office carrying a mug of coffee. The moment she heard his footsteps, Lucy stood up from the visitor’s chair and swung around. He looked exactly like he did in the photograph. Only, he wore a pair of black pants with a light-blue shirt instead of the tuxedo. The shirt’s top button was unbuttoned, and he wore no tie.
Paul stopped in the doorway when he noticed the girl in his office. At six foot four, Paul was taller than most, but to his surprise, only a head taller than Lucy. Her slim body was toned and athletic and fit well into the black skirt and cream-colored top. Her light-brown hair hung straight down and touched her shoulders. A pair of anxious green eyes stared back at him.
He browsed through her file while he waited her arrival. She worked for six years at her previous company, and although her manager didn’t write a glowing review, he spoke of her hard work and dedication.
“Good morning, Lucy. I’m Paul Cunningham,” he said and shook her hand.
“Good morning, Mr. Cunningham,” Lucy returned the greeting.
He smiled. “Call me, Paul. Our department is hard working, but I like to keep things informal.”
Lucy nodded. He indicated the chair, and she took a seat. Paul Cunningham was a handsome man, and she had to concentrate hard to keep her composure in his presence.
“Welcome to First Trust,” Paul said. “Your line manager is Julian de Lima, but he’s at a conference in New York and will only be back on Monday. I like to welcome all our new employees personally anyway.”
He opened a drawer, pulled out a file, and laid it on the desk.He tapped it without opening the folder. “It says here that you spent six years at your previous company. What brought you here?”
Lucy frowned and her heart missed a beat. How much of her past was in that slim folder? Was the reason she left her previous company all in vain?
She took a firmer hold of the brown purse in her lap. “As I said in my interview, I needed a change of scenery.”
“You’re a long way from Houston,” Paul said.
Lucy let out a soft sigh. I hope it is far enough.
“Are you a Cowboys fan?” Paul asked.
Her mind raced. Why would he assume she liked sports? “Calm down, Lucy,” she chided herself. “You listed sports as one of your hobbies in your application, and he obviously read your file.”
She shook her head. “No, I’m a Ravens fan.”
He smiled. “I like you already.”
Lucy cast her gaze to the left wall. A framed purple football jersey with the number 74, signed by Michael Oher, was mounted on the wall.
She smiled. “You’re not a Bengals fan?”
“Just because I live in Cincinnati doesn’t mean I have to support the local team,” Paul said.
Lucy tugged at her ear. “That’s what I used to say in Houston. I bet you’re Mr. Popular around here during football season.”
Paul laughed and shook his head. “No, I’m not. Well, I’m sure you’ll fit in here.”
He leaned forward and pushed a button on the phone on his desk.
“Yes, Mr. Cunningham?” a woman’s voice said over the intercom.
“Suzanne, can you please send Henry to my office,” Paul said.
A minute later, a short, stocky man in his early forties entered.
Paul stood up. “Lucy, this is Henry Wells. He’ll be your team leader and will show you the ropes. He’s been with the company for twenty years and knows how everything works around here. Henry, let me introduce you to your new Production Support Analyst, Lucy Campbell. Please show her to her desk.”
She shook hands with the man that barely came up to her shoulder and then followed him out of the office to her new desk.
Paul sat down and stared at the open doorway for a moment. It had been a while since a woman made him laugh like that. He turned his head and looked at the picture of his wife. He reached out and touched the glass.
It had been two years since Sharon passed away. The cancer that took her was aggressive and quick. She died two months after she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer. They were only married for nine years, and although they had a rocky relationship at times, he loved her, and she gave him two wonderful children.
Paul sighed and looked at the empty doorway. Ever since Sharon passed away, his friends had tried to set up him with dates, but he shied away, saying he was not ready. Even his daughter, now eight, encouraged him to look for a new wife.
Most of the women he met in his social circle he found shallow and pretentious. Sharon was like that too when they met, but his mother approved of the relationship, and both his parents pushed him to get married. “Not only is she good looking, but well connected,”his father said.
He was only eighteen when they got married, but due to his strict upbringing, was mature beyond his years.
Paul shook his head. If he ever got married again, it won’t be for another relationship of convenience. He wanted something more from a wife.
He wanted a friend. Someone he could enjoy life with and shared his children.Someone uncomplicated. Someone like Lucy.
The sudden thought shocked him back to reality. He jumped up from the chair, turned around, and stared through the window. He had a good view of the Cincinnati business district, but he didn’t see any of it.
What was he thinking? Lucy was his employee. He just met her and knew nothing about her, but there was no getting around it. The soft spoken woman with the captivating green eyes had left a lasting impression on him. He had a desire to get to know her better.
“Paul, get a grip. She’s just another woman,” he said to himself and slid into his seat behind the computer.
Down the hall, Henry led Lucy past a few cubicles to an open area that contained four desks that face each other.
“Lucy, this is Leon Jenkins and Stuart Woods,” Henry said, and introduced her to her new team members.
He showed her to her desk, and she took a seat. Apart from the desk-top computer with dual screens, the desk was empty.
Henry handed her an envelope. “This contains your username and temporary password. You need to change your password at first login.”
Lucy took the envelope and nodded.
Henry smiled. “Let me show you around the place and introduce you to some people.”
For Lucy, the next two weeks went by in a blur. She had to learn the production schedules and got acquainted with the company’s processes and procedures. She also learned that most of the office women formed a clique.
From the outside, they seemed like a bunch of snobs, so Lucy kept to herself. Apart from her conversations with her co-workers about work related matters, she didn’t speak to anybody.
She met her new line manager, Julian de Lima, the day after he returned from New York. He was not a friendly man. He instructed what he expected from her, and what criteria he would use to measure her performance. She made a mental note to stay out of his way, and not to do anything to give him cause to call her into his office again.
During that two week period, she ran into Paul only once. She was in the break room getting coffee when he walked in with his empty mug in hand.
“Oh, hi, Lucy,” he greeted.
She returned his smile. “Good afternoon, Mr. eh … Paul.”
He laughed at her slip. “Just Paul is fine.”
Lucy blushed and turned away.
“Are you settling in okay?” he asked.
“Yes, thank you,” she answered, and with a mumble about work, she disappeared around the corner to her desk.
Once seated, she pretended to work, but her heart was racing and she couldn’t think straight. Why did the man have such a nervous effect on her?
She learned about his deceased wife from an overheard conversation between two of her co-workers in the break room. Through their speculation about his love life, she deducted that he was still single and not in a relationship.
She caught movement out of the corner of her eye and noticed Paul walking in her direction. Lucy concentrated even harder on her computer monitor.
“I think you forgot this,” Paul said, and placed her cup of coffee on the table next to her.
In her haste to get away from him, she left her coffee behind.
“Thank you,” she said, her voice a whisper, but couldn’t stop the pink blush that crept across her cheeks.
“You’re welcome,” he answered and strolled down the aisle toward his office.
“Wow, you’re lucky. The big boss never brings me coffee,” Henry said from the desk opposite hers.
She jerked her head up to defend herself, but noticed the twinkle in his eyes. He was kidding.
She shrugged. “I forgot my cup in the break room.”
In the last two weeks, she learned that Henry Wells was a happily married man and father of three. He was loyal to the company, but his family always came first. Paul was right. Henry did know everything around the office.
He worked in just about every position at one point or another. One day Lucy asked him why he wasn’t a manager yet.
Henry shook his head. “Managers in this company are married to their work. I rather spent time with my family.”
After two weeks, Lucy resigned herself to the fact that she may never make a female friend at work. Then one day she sat in the pause area, sipping her coffee and nibbling on a bran muffin when a woman about her own age walked in.
She was almost as tall as Lucy, but had a fuller figure. Her long ash-blonde hair was tied in a pony-tail.
“Hey, you must be the new girl I heard about. I’m Cheryl Branson. I work in the disaster recovery team. I was on leave and only returned today. Do you mind if I join you?” she asked, but took a seat before Lucy could answer.
“With you sitting here all by your lonesome, I take it you were not invited to the bitch-clique?” Cheryl asked with a lowered voice and jutted a thumb in the direction of a group of women having a conversation around the photocopy machine.
Lucy laughed. “No. I rather avoid them like the plague.”
Cheryl nodded. “Then you and I will get along just fine.”
Lucy smiled and took a sip from her cup. She made her first friend at work.

Chapter 2

Lucy found that she had a lot in common with Cheryl Branson. They had the same sense of humor, and could laugh at jokes and funny moments that no one in the bitch-clique got, or understood.
Over the next few weeks, Lucy and Cheryl became good friends at work. Every day they spent their lunch break together. Sometimes they would share a muffin in the break room, and sometimes they would walk together to the nearby shopping mall. They kept their conversations light and laughed often.
One day, as they sat down, Cheryl looked at Lucy. “You never speak about your love life?”
Lucy choked on her ham and cheese sandwich. “That’s because I don’t have one.”
“You’re kidding,” Cheryl said, her voice filled with genuine surprise. “A pretty young woman like you? Surely there must be a handsome man pining over you back in Houston?”
Lucy paled and lowered her head.
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy arm. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.”
Lucy shook her head. “No, it’s fine. It’s just that, at my previous job, I wasn’t exactly Miss Popular, and had no social life.”
She paused for a moment. “I used to get along with most of my co-workers, but then something happened, or rather, they found out about something I did, and everything changed. From that day, everyone avoided me. Some of the guys made advances, but only for one reason, and love had nothing to do with it. They didn’t take rejection well, and soon some nasty rumors about me started doing the rounds. That’s when I decided to move to a new city to make a fresh start.”
Cheryl’s eyes widened. “Don’t tell me you’re gay! Not that there’s anything wrong with that.”
Lucy laughed. “No. It’s nothing like that. Maybe one day I’ll tell you all about it.”
Cheryl took a sip of her coffee and looked at Lucy over the rim of the cup. “You know you can trust me.”
Lucy nodded. “I know, but it’s not that. I’m not ready to talk about it.”
“Well, whenever you’re ready, I’ll be here,” Cheryl said. “Besides, I think you just haven’t met the right guy yet.”
Two women walked into the break room and looked down their noses at Lucy and Cheryl.
Sensing Lucy’s uneasiness, Cheryl changed the subject and talked about an upcoming weekend camping trip her husband had planned. Cheryl didn’t touch the subject again, knowing Lucy would talk about it when she was good and ready.
In that time, Lucy hadn’t seen much of Paul. One week he was away at a manager’s conference, and the rest of the time he avoided the break room when he knew Lucy was there.
Compared to his wife, and all the other women he dated, Lucy would be considered dull, but there was something about her he found fascinating. Whenever he saw her, his pulse quickened. The sudden unexplainable feelings scared him, and he thought the best way to deal with them, would be to avoid her.
They moved in different social circles, so it was not all that hard to do. The only place left to meet, was in the office space.
One afternoon, Lucy had to work late due to an emergency release that had to be implemented that evening. She had to make late changes to the production schedule. While she was busy typing away on the computer, the office started to empty as everyone left for home, until she was the only one left, apart from the operators on duty in The Fishbowl.
She pushed the enter button and sat back in her chair. Lucy yawned and stretched, and as she leaned backward, her stomach gave a loud growl. She looked around if anybody heard it and then reached for her purse.
Lucy pulled out her wallet, but there were only a couple one dollar bills left. It was two days before payday, and she was broke. Her parents didn’t agree with her move to Cincinnati, so she was determined to make it on her own.
She got a one-bedroom apartment in walking distance from the office, and although convenient, it was a little over her budget.
Lucy glanced at the computer screen. The compile would take another few minutes to complete. She grabbed her purse and hurried downstairs to the hotdog vendor on the opposite side of the street.
“One with everything, Tony,” she said to the vendor as she pulled the bills from her wallet.
He handed her the hotdog, and she rushed back to the office. She turned the corner to the entrance of their building and collided with a man. She bounced back and landed on the seat of her pants. To her horror, she stared at her dinner that spilled onto the sidewalk. She looked up and stared into Paul’s brown eyes.
“Lucy?” he said when he recognized her. “Are you alright?”
He stuck out a hand to help her up, but she ignored it and got to her feet. She bent down and picked her wallet and the spilt hotdog from the pavement.
“Sorry,” she mumbled. “I was in a hurry.”
She turned, dumped the hotdog in a trash bin, and headed for the doors. Tears of disappointment and embarrassment welled in her eyes.
“Lucy, wait!” Paul said, but she wanted to get away from him as quick as possible. Without looking back, she walked to the elevator and pressed the button. When she got back to her desk, she sank down in the chair.
Something dripped onto her arm. She reached into her purse, pulled out a white handkerchief with pink flowers, and wiped away the tears.
“Are you okay?” a voice asked next to her.
She looked up, and with horror in her face, Lucy realized that Paul had followed her. She stuffed the hanky back into her purse and jumped to her feet.
“I’m fine. I didn’t get any sauce on you, did I?” she asked.
Paul shook his head. “No, the sidewalk caught everything. I didn’t picture you as someone who eats that kind of junk food.”
“Yeah, well, that’s all I can afford at the moment,” Lucy said before she could stop herself.
She realized she said too much and plopped back into the chair.
“What? Don’t I pay you enough?” Paul asked with a slight smile.
Lucy blushed. “No, there’s nothing wrong with the pay. Living in the city on my own is just more expensive than I thought.”
Paul noticed her discomfort. “Can I at least buy you another?”
She shook her head. “I’ll be fine, thanks.”
With that, her stomach gave a loud growl. Lucy looked down and placed a hand on her tummy.
“Traitor,” she said softly, but loud enough that Paul heard.
He laughed and shook his head. “How long before you finish?”
She glanced at the screen. The compile was done. “I need to double check everything and print out the new schedules for the operators, so I would say at least half an hour.”
“Do you like Chinese food?” Paul asked.
Lucy frowned. What was he up to? “I don’t like seafood, but I love chicken fried rice.”
“Then chicken fried rice it is,” Paul said, turned, and walked down the hallway before Lucy could protest.
She took her time with the rest of her work, but was distracted. She kept glancing down the hallway.
“Lucy, get a grip,” she chided herself and concentrated on her work.
Once done, she printed the new schedules and handed it to the team leader on duty.
When she returned to her desk, Paul sat on the edge holding up a white plastic bag. “I hope you don’t mind. I’m quite hungry too, so I got enough for both of us.”
Lucy sighed and pointed toward the break room. “It’s against policy to eat at our desks.”
They took a seat at a table and unpacked the plastic bag. Paul handed her a pair of chopsticks.
Lucy looked at them, then laid them next to her food and reached for a spoon. “I can’t eat with these things.”
Once they had a few bites, Paul looked at Lucy. “Didn’t you stay in the city in Houston?”
She shook her head. “No, my parents have a ranch a few miles outside the city. I stayed with them and commuted every day.”
“The traffic must have been murder?” Paul asked.
“Not really. I was doing shifts, and at the times I travelled, there were not that many vehicles on the road,” she answered.
They kept their conversation light. Paul found it interesting how easy it was to talk to her, but noticed that whenever he asked a personal question, she gave a guarded answer.
When their meal was done, she got up and cleared the remains away.
“Thank you, Paul. That was delicious,” she said.
He smiled at the genuine sincerity in her voice. “Are you on your way home?”
When she nodded, he asked, “Can I give you a ride to your apartment?”
“I live a few blocks from here, it’s not necessary, thanks,” she answered.
Paul shook his head. “Lucy, this is the city. After dark, the streets are dangerous.”
She looked at his face and realized it would be futile to argue. She grabbed her purse, and together they walked down the hallway, past the Fishbowl, toward the lifts. Inside the room, several pairs of curious eyes followed the couple as they walked by.
The ride to her apartment was short in the luxury of Paul’s silver Lexus ES. When he stopped, she said thanks, and before he could say anything else, she jumped out and ran up to stairs to her apartment. Paul watched her until she disappeared from view and then smiled as he pulled away.
The following morning, Lucy was at her desk going through reports from the previous night’s batch run, when Cheryl stopped by for an early visit.
She grabbed Lucy by the arm and pulled her out of the chair. “We have to talk.”
When they entered the break room, a man was making coffee.
Cheryl glared at him. “Don’t you have a report to type or something?”
The guy, who was married for twenty years, didn’t argue. He grabbed his cup and shuffled out of the room.
“Good morning,” Lucy said when Cheryl turned back to her.
Cheryl waved a hand in the air. “Your dinner date with Paul Cunningham, I want all the details.”
Lucy blushed. “How do you know about that?”
Cheryl shrugged. “I have my sources.”
When Lucy gave her a blank stare, she sighed. “You’ve met Peter Dunfield?”
“The operator?” Lucy asked.
Cheryl nodded. “Yes. He’s my younger brother.”
“Oh,” is the only answer Lucy had.
For a moment the two women stared at each other, and then Cheryl threw her hands in the air. “Do I have to beg for details?”
Lucy laughed. “I don’t know what you’ve heard, but it was nothing like that.”
“Like what?” Cheryl asked with a naughty smile.
Knowing she would have no peace until she shared every detail with Cheryl, she sat down and told her friend what happened the previous night. Wide-eyed, Cheryl listened to Lucy’s every word until she got to the part where Paul dropped her off at her apartment.
“That’s it?” Cheryl asked.
“What did you expect?” Lucy asked.
“At least a goodnight kiss,” Cheryl answered.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Lucy said, but couldn’t stop from blushing again. “A man like Paul would not be interested in kissing a girl like me.”
Cheryl gave a short laugh. “I think he’s more than interested alright.”
Lucy clucked her tongue. “How would you know?”
“Because in the year and a half he worked here, I haven’t heard once that he shared as much as a cup of coffee with any of the women in the office,” Cheryl answered.
“I’m telling you, you’re reading more into this than what’s there,” Lucy insisted.
“And you’re not reading enough. Tell me, will it be such a bad thing if he is interested?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy frowned. “In me?”
“No, in the tooth fairy. Of course in you!”
A sad cloud settled over Lucy’s face. “Cheryl, Paul and I live on different planets. He might be interested, but the moment he gets to know me better, he’ll run for the hills.”
“You don’t know that for sure. Lucy, it will be crazy not to even try,” her friend added.
Lucy sighed. “I don’t argue the fact that for a girl like me to date a guy like Paul Cunningham would be a dream come true. But this is reality, and in the real world that will never happen.”
Cheryl smiled. “Never say never. If it’s so impossible, what was last night?”
Lucy shrugged. “He took pity on me?”
“If that was the case, he would’ve just given you a few dollars to buy another hotdog, not get take out and share a meal with you.”
Lucy got up from the chair. “I better get to work. The last thing I need is the bitch-squad starting to make nasty comments.”
As Lucy turned to walk away, Cheryl grabbed her arm. “Lucy, at least think about it. You owe it to yourself to give it a shot. If it doesn’t work out, then it doesn’t work out, but you have to try.”
Lucy stared at her friend for a moment. “Cheryl, if the truth comes out about me, he would never forgive me. If Paul had to look at me like I’m some kind of freak, I won’t be able to handle that. It would kill me.”
Cheryl frowned. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. Are you some kind of mass murderer? Because if you are, just say the word. I’ll help you bury the bodies.”
Lucy smiled. “No, it’s nothing like that. Cheryl, you’re a good friend. No, scratch that. You’re a great friend, and maybe one day soon, I’ll get up the courage to tell you all about it. Now, I have to get some work done.”
She left her friend in the break room and returned to her desk. Before she took a seat, she looked down the hall toward Paul’s office. As luck would have it, at that moment, he stepped into his office, but paused in the doorway and looked at her.
A wide smile lit up his face. He waved a hand in greeting. Lucy waved back and then ducked into her seat. No matter what she told Cheryl, the sight of the man sent her pulse racing.

Chapter 3

Two days later, Paul sat at his desk in his office and stared at the pictures of his wife and children. For the past two years, he had been both mother and father to the children.
Paul devoted most of his spare time to his kids, but due to work, he couldn’t always be with them. Soon after his wife passed away, he hired a nanny to help with the day-to-day care of the children, but they deserved more.
He lifted the picture of the two children and smiled. At eight years old, Nikki was wise beyond her years. Sharon chose the name Nicole after her grandmother. At first, she was dead-set against her daughter having the nickname that Paul gave her, but it grew on her, and by the time their daughter attended pre-school, she was introduced as Nikki.
Tyler, at five, remembered little of his mother. He was three when she died. They named the boy after Paul’s father, Tyler Carlton Cunningham, the third. Both Sharon and he refused to put the title, the fifth, after their son’s name.
Paul’s older brother, Ty, was the first born, and got the family names. Unfortunately, Ty’s wife, Carol, only gave birth to girls. During the birth of the fourth girl there were complications, and although the baby was born healthy, they got the devastating news that there would be no more children.
When Sharon gave birth to a boy, the choice of name was obvious. The family name had to continue.
Paul replaced the photograph with a deep sigh. His family name was a huge obstacle in his quest to find a suitable wife and a mother for his children. All the women he met in their social circle knew he was the youngest son of Carlton Cunningham, the owner of First Trust Savings and Loans. With over a hundred branches in the tri-state area alone, they were one of the richest families in the country.
Of course, his parents would want another Sharon for their son. A woman with the correct stature in society, and the right family connections, but Paul had other ideas. If he married again, he wanted it to be for love. He wanted a woman to love him and his children, not his money.
That was part of the reason he took the position as senior manager at the IT section of their business. It was far enough from their home in Chicago that nobody knew about his family connections. To the people in the office, he was just Paul Cunningham, senior manager.
It irked his parents that he turned down a vice-president’s job, or even a general manager’s position within the company. He argued that he needed to spend more time with his kids, and that such a position would tie him to his work and would afford him little time with his family.
Several of his fellow managers often made jokes about his surname in connection to Carlton Cunningham, and would have had a heart attack if they ever found out the truth. Not even the friends and acquaintances he had at the local country club knew about his relation to the wealthy Cunningham’s of Chicago.
Paul stared at the empty chair on the other side of his desk. Six weeks ago, he met Lucy when she sat in that chair.
With their brief conversations, he got a glimpse of what kind of person she was, simple, uncomplicated, down to earth, and someone who liked to laugh. He took notice of who she made friends with.
He always liked Cheryl. She had a bubbly personality and didn’t care what anybody thought of her. If Lucy had made friends with any of the other women in the office, especially the ones that Cheryl referred to as, the bitch-clique, he would have been disappointed.
Would Lucy be interested to be part of his world? Not Paul Cunningham, son of Carlton and Victoria Cunningham, but Paul Cunningham, senior manager and father of two adorable kids.
Did she even like children? Did she want kids of her own, or would she be content to be mother to another woman’s children. There was a sure way to find out.
He leaned forward and pushed the intercom button on the phone on his desk.
“Yes, Mr. Cunningham?” the woman’s voice on the other end asked.
Paul smiled. Suzanne Collette had been his secretary since he took up the position, and since the day he started, he insisted she call him Paul, but the fifty-four-year-old woman refused. After a few months, he gave up trying. He found it best to let her do things her way.
“Suzanne, can you please ask Lucy Campbell to come to my office?” he asked.
His secretary had a cubicle next to his office. He could walk to Lucy’s desk and summon her himself, but that could spark a tongue lashing from his secretary, and she wasn’t one that was afraid to speak her mind.
“I’ll send her right over, Mr. Cunningham,” Suzanne replied.
Two minutes later, Lucy walked into the office, looking nervous. Paul pretended to be busy on the computer.
He indicated the unoccupied chair. “Please have a seat, Lucy. I’ll be with you in a second.”
Dressed in a solid purple top and full length black skirt, she sat down in the chair, her knees together, and her hands folded on her lap.
Paul looked up, and his heart rate quickened at the sight of her. “Lucy, have you been to the Cincinnati Zoo yet?”
Lucy frowned. “No. Why?”
“I’m taking my kids this Sunday. Would you like to join us?” Paul said.
It took a moment for his words to sink in, but when she grasped the full meaning behind them, it sent her heart into a frantic rhythm.
Lucy frowned. “Wait! Are you asking me out on a date, with your kids?”
Paul smiled. “It’s just a day at the zoo.”
“But it’s still a date?” Lucy insisted, wanting to make sure she understood.
Paul held up his hands. “If you want to put it like that, then yes. It’s a date. Are you interested?”
Lucy clasped her hands together to stop them from trembling. “Why?”
Paul shrugged. “My kids enjoy the zoo, and it’s always a nice day out.”
Lucy shook her head. “No, that’s not what I meant. Why me?”
“I find you interesting and would like to get to know you better. Is that so hard to believe?” Paul asked.
“Yes, for me it is,” Lucy said. “Is this even legal?”
“As far as I know, the only requirement is that you must be older than twenty one. Unless you lied on your application, I’m sure you’re meeting that stipulation,” Paul answered.
“No, that’s not what I meant. You’re my boss. Are you even allowed to date someone in the office?”
Paul shrugged. “Julian is your line manager, not me. Some people might frown on it, but no, there’s nothing in the company policy that states I can’t take you on a date to the zoo.”
Paul frowned. He didn’t expect this kind of response. He had faced rejection in his dating days before Sharon, but Lucy looked scared.
She stared down at her hands, trying to find the courage to say what she has to say. She moved to Cincinnati to avoid these types of conversations and didn’t think she had to do it so soon, but she had made a promise to herself. She would never date anyone if they didn’t have all the facts.
When she spoke, her voice was soft, and he had to lean forward in his chair to hear what she said. “Paul, I like you a lot, but if you insist to take me out on a date, then there’s something about my past you have to know.”
Paul stared at the young woman in front of him. She was five years younger than him, but at that moment, she looked so scared and vulnerable. He had to resist the urge to jump up and wrap his arms around her.
He could see it caused her pain to talk about it, and he hated that. Nothing should have made her feel that bad.
Paul held up a hand. “Lucy, you don’t have to tell me anything. It’s obvious that something caused you a lot of pain, but whatever happened, that’s in the past. I’m interested to get to know the person who you are now. That’s all that matters.”
Lucy couldn’t stop the tear that escaped from her eye and ran down her cheek. It hung on the edge of her chin for a moment before it dripped onto her arm. “If I don’t tell you now, I may never again have the courage to do so, and if you ever find out the truth. I don’t want you to hate me.”
“Lucy, did you do something illegal?” Paul asked.
She shook her head.
“Then it doesn’t matter,” Paul continued.
Her courage was gone. That moment had passed. Now she wouldn’t be able to tell him even if she wanted to.
She wiped the remains of the tear from her cheek. “Whatever happens in the future, just remember, I never meant to hurt or deceive you.”
It sounded cryptic, but Paul nodded in agreement.
Lucy stood up from the chair and gave a shy smile. “Are you sure you still want to take me on a date?”
“Yes, I do,” Paul said with certainty.
 “I’ll need to check my schedule to make sure I don’t have a prior engagement. When do you need an answer?”
Paul smiled. “Sometime before Sunday.”
“Then I’ll let you know before the end of the day,” Lucy said, turned, and left the office.
The rest of the morning, Lucy could hardly concentrate on her work. A part of her was elated. Since the first day she met Paul, he was often on her mind and featured regularly in her daydreams.
But, because of her past, she had to be careful not to get hurt. All her life she had to shield her actions and emotions, and it was difficult to let her guard down.
When Cheryl walked up to her desk for their daily lunch date, she was so deep in thought that she didn’t notice her friend standing there.
“That doesn’t look like work. What’s wrong?” Cheryl asked when she saw the worry on Lucy’s face.
“I’m sorry. I have a lot to think about. I know we went yesterday, but can we go out to the mall again today?” Lucy asked. “I need to talk to you about something, but I don’t want to risk any unwanted ears hearing our conversation.”
Cheryl glanced at the bitch-clique, who had their usual gathering around the copy machine. She grasped Lucy’s meaning.
“Sure,” she said. “Give me two minutes to grab my purse.”
Ten minutes later, they were seated at a corner table in a small coffee shop. The barista served them each with a cappuccino and a cheese and tomato sandwich.
“What’s up?” Cheryl asked after she took a bite of the sandwich.
Lucy sipped nervously on her coffee. “Paul asked me to go with him and his kids to the zoo this Sunday.”
Cheryl’s mouth fell open. “You said yes, right?”
Lucy shook her head. “No, not yet. I told him I had to check my schedule and would give him an answer before I leave work today.”
“Clever girl,” Cheryl said. “Make him sweat for awhile.”
“That wasn’t the reason I didn’t answer. I have to think about it.”
Cheryl let her cup clatter onto the table. “I was afraid of that. What’s holding you back?”
Lucy sighed. “I almost told him my secret today, but he stopped me. He said it doesn’t matter. He wants to get to know me as I am now, not who I was before or what I did.”
“And of course he’s right.” Cheryl agreed. “It doesn’t matter. We both can see that it causes you unnecessary stress, so just be yourself and win him over with your bubbly personality.”
Lucy laughed. “I think you confuse me with you. I’m the quiet one. You’re the one with the bubbly personality.”
“Not true. Remember, I’ve seen that side of you, and it had me in tears laughing,” Cheryl added.
“So do I accept the invitation?” Lucy asked.
“Hell yes!” Cheryl answered. “I have to wonder why he takes you on a first date with his kids though.”
Lucy shrugged. “That part actually makes sense. Paul knows he and his kids are a packaged deal. It’s probably a test to see how I would handle that.”
“You don’t have a problem with kids do you?” Cheryl asked.
“Of course not,” Lucy said. “I’m the oldest of four kids and often had to look after my siblings. My brother, the youngest, is six years younger than me. Both my parents had to work to provide for us when he was a baby, so I practically raised him.”
“That’s good. Now forget about everything else and go enjoy your day with them. Have you been to the zoo? We take our kids once a month. You’ll enjoy it.”
By the time they returned to the office, Suzanne informed Lucy that Paul was called to a manager’s meeting.
“Do you want to leave him a message?” Suzanne asked.
Lucy shook her head. “No, it’s not important. I’ll catch him later.”
When it was time for Lucy to go home, she decided to swing by Paul’s office. She was thankful when she noticed that Suzanne had already left.
She peeked around the door. Paul sat behind his desk, flipping through a company report.
“Is the offer for Sunday still open?” Lucy asked.
“Of course,” Paul answered.
Lucy stepped into the office. “Then I accept.”
Paul got to his feet with a big grin on his face. “I’m glad to hear that.”
“Shall I take a bus and meet you there?” Lucy asked.
Paul shook his head. “Absolutely not. The zoo is located on the outskirts of the city in a dodgy area. They have safe parking for the car. We’ll pick you up at 09h30.”
Lucy smiled. “Then it’s a date. Now I better get home.”
“I can give you a ride,” Paul offered, but Lucy declined.
“It’s only a few blocks. By the time you make it to your car and pull it out of the parking garage, I can have my dinner done, but thanks for the offer.”
When Lucy turned to leave, she was stopped by Paul’s voice. “I’m glad you decided to go.”
“So am I,” she said, turned, and left with a smile on her face.

Chapter 4

Sunday morning, Lucy was a ball of nervous energy. By 6 am she was up and took a bath. Normally soaking in the warm water soothed her, but not that day. She tried to relax, but when she closed her eyes, a pair of piercing brown eyes set her heart racing again.
After the bath, dressed in matching bra and panties, she went through her closet trying to decide on what to wear.
“I don’t even know what the weather will be like,” she muttered to herself.
She walked to the desk in the corner of her small apartment and lifted the lid to her laptop. She connected to the internet and searched for a local weather site. Eighty four degrees Fahrenheit, partly cloudy, with a twenty percent chance of late afternoon thunderstorms.
Lucy turned back to her closet and flipped through her limited selection of clothes that would be suited for the weather. She decided on a pink and white flowered summer dress, and a pair of white sandals to match.
She was not one that wore heavy makeup. A blue eyeliner and gloss to her lips was all she needed. Once done, she looked at herself in the mirror, and sighed.
“Who are you kidding? After today, Paul will see right through you, and that will be the end of that. You might as well make the best of it,” Lucy told her reflection in the mirror.
She glanced at the watch on her wrist. 07:32. Lucy still had two hours to kill. She walked to the small kitchen and pulled the picnic basket from the top shelf, and smiled. When she packed, her mother insisted she took the basket.
“You never know when you might need it,” her mother said.
In Houston, their family often went on picnics together. She learned from her mother to always be prepared. Once she had the basket packed with all the essentials, she took the book she was reading and curled up on the couch.
Not wanting to get lost in time, she set the alarm on her cellphone for 09:15.
At 09:30 she walked out of her building with her purse, the basket, and a hat that matched her dress. She stared down the street, her eyes searching the traffic for Paul’s car. A dark-silver Lexus GX460 SUV pulled up next to the curb.
Paul, dressed in jeans and a light-blue golf shirt, stepped out of the vehicle.
At the sight of him, Lucy’s heart started to beat so fast, she almost fainted.
“Good morning,” he said with a wide smile.
Afraid that her voice might betray her, she returned the smile and nod. He took the basket from her and opened the hatch in the back.
“Ready?” he asked and held the passenger door for her.
Once he slid into the driver seat, he turned to her and pointed to the back seat. “Lucy, these are my kids, Tyler and Nikki. Children, this is Lucy.”
Lucy turned to face the kids. Tyler had his father’s dark hair and bushy eyebrows, while Nikki had her mother’s blonde locks. Her shoulder-length hair was tied in a ponytail. Both kids were busy with hand-held devices on their laps, but looked up when Paul spoke.
Tyler held out his small hand. “Pleased to meet you.”
The action took Lucy by surprise, not accustomed to such a polite five-year-old.
She smiled and shook his hand. “Hello, I’m pleased to meet you too.”
Nikki stared at Lucy with a look that said, “So, you’re the woman who wants to date my father?”
“Good morning,” she said politely after she flashed her brother a look as if he betrayed a secret oath.
Lucy ignored the look and returned the greeting. “Hello.”
She didn’t think it was possible, but the way the eight-year-old’s blue eyes stared at her, made her uncomfortable.
Paul seemed oblivious to that and clapped his hands together. “Now that we’re all acquainted, off to the zoo then.”
As they pulled away, Lucy glanced back at the kids, but they had already turned their attention back to their games.
“It’s a beautiful day,” Paul said.
“Yes, it is,” Lucy answered and glanced through the window. The blue sky was visible between the buildings and the trees, with not a cloud in sight.
When her hand started to hurt, she realized that she clutched her purse so tight that her knuckles showed white. She let out a slow breath and relaxed the grip on her purse.
“When was the last time you were at a zoo?” Paul asked.
Lucy turned and smiled, but the smile was strained and nervous. “I haven’t been to the zoo since I was ten.”
Paul noticed that she was nervous. Why, he wondered. Did his children make her uncomfortable? That would be very disappointing. But it wasn’t the children that made her nervous, it was his close presence. In the proximity of the vehicle there was no keeping her distance.
Sunday morning there was minimal traffic on the road, so the ride to the zoo didn’t take long. When they entered the parking lot, Paul searched for a space and parked the SUV.
“No, those stay in the car,” Paul said when the kids climbed out with their games in hand.
Without a word, Tyler and Nikki placed the devices on the back seat and Paul locked the vehicle.
“Do you need anything from the picnic basket?” Paul asked. “We can come back for it at lunch time, although we normally grab something from one of the cafes.”
Lucy shook her head. “That’s fine.”
She slung her purse over her shoulder so that the strap crossed her chest, leaving her hands free. She donned her hat, and waited for Paul to lead the way, but the kids ran forward to join the line of people at the entrance.
“How much is the entrance fee?” Lucy asked.
Paul smiled. “Don’t worry, I got it covered.”
When they reached the front of the line, Paul handed the attendant their family membership card.
The lady looked at the card and said, “Welcome Mr. and Mrs, Cunningham, and kids. Enjoy the day.”
Paul nodded and replaced the card in his wallet. Lucy walked through the entrance, but could feel the blush on her face and neck. Her heart beat wildly in her chest. She glanced at Paul, but he acted like nothing happened.
“Where shall we go first? The elephants?” he asked.
“No Daddy,” Tyler said. “We did the elephants first last time. This time we need to go the other way.”
Paul laughed. “Okay, lead the way.”
The kids led them around to the first enclosure. Lucy stared at the Rhinoceros, but didn’t see the animal. She was more aware of Paul’s presence. She had her hands on the railing, and Paul stood mere inches from her. His hands were also on the railing, with his right hand almost touching hers.
When they reached The World of Insects, Lucy stopped. “You guys go ahead, I’ll wait here.”
“What’s wrong?” Paul asked.
Lucy shook her head. “Nothing. I don’t like insects, especially spiders.”
Paul had a slight smile. “Anything else that scares you?”
A shiver ran down her spine. “Yes. Snakes.”
“I’ll wait here with Lucy,” Nikki said.
“Alright, we’ll be back in a minute,” Paul said, and Tyler and he walked through the entrance.
When they were out of sight, Nikki turned to face Lucy. “Are you my father’s girlfriend now?”
Lucy, taken aback by the girl’s forwardness, frowned. “Eh, no. We’re just friends.”
Nikki folded her arms across her chest. “My father has many female friends, but he never invites any of them with us to the zoo, or anywhere else for that matter.”
Lucy stared at the young girl who was wise beyond her years. “He heard I’ve never been to this zoo, so he invited me along.”
“I think he likes you. Do you like my father?” Nikki asked.
“If I didn’t like him, I wouldn’t be here,” Lucy answered.
Nikki’s intent stare made Lucy uncomfortable. “Are you in love with my father?” the young girl asked.
Lucy frowned. What did a girl of Nikki’s age know about love? “Your father is a handsome man, but we’re just getting to know each other. I think it’s too early to talk about love.”
“Well, I hope you don’t think you’re going to be my mother. I had a mother and then she died. I don’t need another,” Nikki said with venom in her voice.
The girl’s hostility took Lucy by surprise. She noticed the hurt in the young girl’s eyes and the tears that were just below the surface. Her heart went out to Nikki, and for a moment, she had to fight the urge to step forward and hug her, but given the girl’s attitude, she knew that would have been disastrous.
Lucy sighed. If she ever wanted to get serious with Paul, she would have to win the favor and friendship of his children, and Nikki made it clear that it would not be easy. The child was still bitter about losing her mother and was angry at the world.
Before she could say anything else, Paul and Tyler emerged from the insect house.
Paul frowned when he noticed the concern on Lucy’s face. “Is everything alright?”
“Yes, Father, I was just telling Lucy that I don’t like insects either,” Nikki said with a wide, innocent smile.
“You never mentioned that before,” Paul said, and then turned his attention to Lucy.
“Being the only girl with you two men, she had to act like it didn’t bother her,” Lucy added. “Did you two have fun in there?”
“There are lots of spiders in there and some are this big,” Tyler said and held his arms wide.
Lucy eyes widened. “Wow, that big, eh?”
Tyler laughed and set off along the path with Nikki following close behind. Paul looked at Lucy with a question in his eyes, but she smiled and followed the children.
Their next stop was at the Lemur lookout.
Tyler pointed at one of the Lemurs. “Look, Daddy, it is King Julian.”
Paul looked at Lucy. “He watches all the Madagascar movies over and over again. King Julian is one of the characters and his favorite.”
Lucy smiled. “I know.” She stepped forward, grabbed Tyler under the arms and swung him around. “You should throw your arms in the air. It’s more fun!”
Paul’s eyes widened with shocked surprise, but Tyler shrieked with delight.
“You know King Julian!” Tyler said when she put him down.
Lucy nodded. “He’s my favorite too.”
“This is embarrassing. Everyone is looking at us,” Nikki said, and walked away.
“Wait for me,” Tyler said, and followed his sister.
“What?” Lucy asked when she noticed the slight smile on Paul’s face.
“Nothing,” Paul said.
The next moment, Tyler yelled and made hard contact with the ground. He tripped over a slightly raised paving stone.
“Tyler!” Paul said and ran toward his son.
By the time they reached him, the boy was sitting on the ground, holding his bloodied knee, with tears streaming down his cheeks.
Paul took one look at the blood, bent down, and scooped Tyler up in his arms. “I got to get him to a hospital.”
Lucy looked at Paul’s face and noticed the panic in his eyes.
She grabbed his arm. “Here, put him on this table. Let me have a look.”
Paul stared at her, ready to head for the exit, but something in Lucy’s voice made him listen. He walked to the table and placed Tyler so that he sat on the table with his legs dangling down.
Lucy reached into her purse and pulled out a handful of tissues. She looked around and saw a curious bystander close by.
“Can I have some of that?” she asked and pointed to the bottle of water in the man’s hand.
He nodded and handed Lucy the bottle.
“I’m just going to clean it with a little bit of water,” she said to Tyler, and her soothing voice and the reassuring smile stopped the tears.
She poured some water over the wound, and then dabbed it with the tissue. With the blood out of the way, she noticed that the knee was scraped, but that it wasn’t deep.
She reached into her purse again and pulled out a Band-Aid. She blew on the wound until it was dry and then applied the adhesive bandage strip. When it was done, she bent forward and lightly kissed the knee on the Band-Aid.
“There, it is all better,” she said with a smile.
“How you feeling, buddy?” Paul asked.
“Lucy kissed it all better,” Tyler said and hopped from the table. “Can we go see the dragons now?”
Paul gave a relieved smile and nodded. “Yes, we can.”
“Thank you, Lucy,” Tyler said and ran down the path.
“Be careful,” Paul said, but Tyler was already out of earshot.
Lucy smiled and shrugged. She noticed Nikki staring at her where she stood next to her father. When Nikki saw Lucy looking at her, she turned and ran after her brother.
Lucy turned to the man that gave her the water. “Thank you. Can I buy you a fresh bottle?”
The man shook his head. “No need. I have more.”
As they walked toward the dragon enclosure, Paul touched Lucy’s arm. “Thank you. I’m not alone with them very often and tend to over react when they get hurt.”
Lucy smiled. “He’s a boy. If he’s anything like my little brother was, he’ll have plenty more scrapes in his life.”
“You have brothers and sisters?” Paul asked.
Lucy nodded. “I’m the oldest of four children. I have two sisters and a brother who’s the youngest.”
“You seem comfortable around children,” Paul said.
“Both my parents worked when my brother was born, so I practically raised him, as well as looking after my younger sisters.”
As they walked down the path, Paul glanced at Lucy out of the corner of his eye. He brought her along as a test to see how she would react around his kids. A test she passed with flying colors.
The rest of the day was uneventful. They took a ride on the zoo-train and saw all the animals. At one point, Tyler took Lucy hand, and led her around, showing her all the animals. Nikki remained cold toward her, but Tyler accepted her as a new friend.
When Paul dropped her off at her apartment, she was tired, but happy. He walked her to the entrance of her building.
“Thank you for inviting me along today. That was the most fun I had in a very long time,” Lucy said.
Paul stared at her for a moment, then leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek. “Thank you for coming. I haven’t ever heard Tyler laughed that much. We must do it again sometime soon.”
That evening Lucy lay in her bed staring at the ceiling. She was tired, but every time she closed her eyes, a pair of light-brown eyes sent her heart racing.

Chapter 5

Monday morning, as Lucy took a seat at her desk, Cheryl breezed in.
“I want to hear everything, and don’t leave out any details,” Cheryl said.
Lucy laughed. “Good morning to you too. How was your weekend?”
Cheryl waved a hand in the air. “Never mind my boring weekend. I want to hear about your zoo trip.”
“It was very nice. There are a lot of different animals to see,” Lucy said with a slight smile.
Cheryl placed her hands on her hips. “Lucy Campbell, don’t make me strangle you.”
Lucy laughed and grabbed her cup. “Let’s get some coffee, and then I’ll tell you all about it.”
With a warm cup of coffee in front of them, they took a seat in the break room, and Lucy relayed the events of the previous day.
“What did you think of the kids?” Cheryl asked when Lucy finished her story.
Lucy sighed. “Tyler, the boy, is a sweetheart. We got along great, but I don’t think Nikki likes me very much. At one point when we were alone, she told me that she doesn’t need another mother. She is wise beyond her years, and a complicated little girl.”
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “I can only imagine what she went through losing her mother like that. You have to be patient with her.”
“I know,” Lucy said. “I just hope that she’ll give me a chance.”
Cheryl took a sip of her coffee. “Now that you have seen Paul outside the work environment, what’s your impression of him?”
Lucy blushed. “He’s a very handsome man. Although our personalities are like day and night, we get along very well.”
“Dare I say there is love in the air?” Cheryl said.
Lucy smacked her friend on the arm. “Don’t say it that loud. Somebody might hear you.”
“Are Paul and you going to try and keep your relationship a secret?”
“At the moment, we’re just friends,” Lucy said.
Cheryl laughed. “Yeah, right. Lucy, you have that glow that a woman has when she is either pregnant, or in love. How long do you think you will be able to hide it?”
Lucy sighed and rested her chin in the palms of her hands. “There’s no denying it. I’m head-over-heels in love with him, but whether anything will come of it, I don’t know.”
The following week Lucy didn’t see much of Paul. He had to attend a three-day conference in Chicago, and only returned to the office on Thursday morning. Lucy walked down the aisle on her way to her desk when she noticed Paul near his office.
The sight of him sent her heart into a wild frenzy, and it took every fiber of her being to stop herself from running down the hall and jumping into his arms. He waved at her, and she waved back.
She stood in the hallway deliberating with herself whether she should go over and say hello, but before she could decide, Julian de Lima walked up to Paul and started a conversation.
Lucy ducked around the corner and sagged into her chair at her desk. She didn’t see Paul for the rest of the day, and by the time she left work and walked to her apartment, her mood was somber.
That evening she lay in her bed and stared at the ceiling. She missed her parents, her brother and sisters, their farm, and her heart ached for Paul. She cried herself to sleep.
Lucy was still caught in her dark mood the following morning when she arrived at the office. Apart from the operators, which worked twenty-four by seven shifts, she was always one of the first people in the building.
As Lucy walked past Paul’s office, she was surprised to find the door open. Paul always locked the door behind him when he left the office. She peered around the corner.
Paul sat behind his desk, reading something on the computer on his desk.
He lifted his head when he noticed the movement, and smiled when he saw who it was. “Good morning, Lucy.”
She stopped in the doorway. “Morning, Paul. You’re in early today.”
“I have a lot to do today, so I thought I’ll get an early morning start,” Paul said.
He waved a hand in her direction. “Why don’t you come in for a second?”
Lucy nodded and took a seat opposite Paul.
He folded his hands together on the desk. “Lucy, I had such a great time at the zoo the other day, I would like to take you out again. This time, it will be just you and me. I know it is short notice, but would you be at all interested to go see a production of Alice in Wonderland with me at the Aronoff tomorrow night?”
Paul noticed the surprise in her eyes and added, “A friend of mine gave me two tickets.”
Lucy stared at Paul for a long moment. “Is it like a date?”
Paul laughed. “Yes, it’s a date. Is there something wrong with that?”
She shook her head. “I just don’t understand.”
Paul frowned. “Don’t understand what?”
“Why you want to go out with me. It doesn’t make any sense. We live in different worlds. You’re handsome, successful, and can get any woman you want. Why do you want to go out with plain old me? Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, and it’s quite exciting, but Paul, let’s be honest. I will never fit into your world.”
Paul leaned back and folded his arms across his chest. “Do you always talk this much?”
Lucy lowered her gaze. “Only when I’m nervous.”
“Lucy, you’re right. You are not like any of the women I know. You are kind, compassionate, funny, and unpretentious. On top of that, you’re a beautiful woman, but you don’t think you are, which makes you even more gorgeous. I don’t want you to fit into my world. I want to be part of yours.”
She blushed and tugged at the ends of her hair. Nobody, other than her parents, had ever sung her praises like that.
Lucy shifted in her chair. “Okay, Paul, I’ll go out with you, but there’s something about me you have to know first.”
Paul leaned forward with his elbows on his desk and nodded.
Lucy took a deep breath. “I suppose the best place to start is at the beginning. When I was six …”
“Good morning, Mr. Cunningham,” Suzanne’s voice interrupted her.
Lucy jumped from her chair with a bewildered look on her face, but Paul’s secretary nodded politely and turned her attention to her boss.
“Can I get you some coffee, Mr. Cunningham?” Suzanne asked.
Paul handed Suzanne the empty cup, and when she left the office, he looked at Lucy. She flicked a nervous look at the door.
“You were saying?” Paul asked.
Lucy shook her head. “I need to tell you this, but I can’t do it here. Now, I have to get to work.”
She turned for the door, but Paul’s voice stopped her. “Tomorrow night, I’ll pick you up at six? The show starts at eight, that will give us enough time to get there, and maybe then you can tell me what you want to tell me.”
Lucy nodded and exited the office. Instead of going to her desk, she walked to the other wing of the building where Cheryl worked. It was with relief that she notice her friend sitting at her desk.
“Morning Luce,” Cheryl greeted, but Lucy grabbed her by the arm.
“I need to talk to you.”
Instead of the break room, which was occupied that early in the morning, Lucy dragged Cheryl to a nearby store room and shut the door behind them.
Cheryl looked around with amusement on her face. “The store room? This must be serious.”
“What’s the Aronoff?” Lucy asked.
Cheryl frowned. “The only one I know is the Aronoff Center for music and arts, simply known as the Aronoff. Why do you ask?”
Lucy leaned back against the wall and sighed. “Paul asked me to go out with him tomorrow night.”
Her friend’s eyes widened. “What are you going to see?”
“Alice in Wonderland.”
“You lucky fish. I’ve been begging my husband for weeks to go to that show, but it’s been sold out for months.”
Lucy shrugged. “Paul said he got two tickets from a friend. I take it Alice in Wonderland is a stage play?”
“A ballet.”
Lucy frowned. “A ballet? I’ve never been to a ballet. Does one have to dress up for this?”
Cheryl nodded. “They say the dress code is smart casual, but every woman going to that event will use it as an excuse to dress their best.”
Lucy sighed. “Then I have a problem. I have nothing to wear to such a social event.”
“I have a few gowns, but nothing that will fit your slender frame. That means only one thing. We have to go shopping.”
“Cheryl, I barely make ends meet at the moment. I don’t have money for a new dress.”
Cheryl snorted. “It depends where you go. If you go to Saks, a new dress will cost you the price of a small farm, but I know this cute little second-hand shop not far from here. There you can get a fabulous dress for a fraction of the price it would cost you at a department store. Lunchtime, you and I go shopping.”
When Lucy got back to her desk, her spirit soared. Cheryl cheered her up, and if she could find the right dress, then she had a wonderful evening to look forward to in Paul’s company. The thought of spending an evening with Paul made her heart flutter, and for the rest of the morning she had trouble concentrating on her work.
The time dragged until lunchtime. When Cheryl arrived at Lucy’s desk, Lucy had her purse and was ready to leave. Cheryl guided her to a shop that was five blocks from their office.
When they entered the shop, rows and rows of second-hand clothing crammed into the small space greeted them. The shop was filled with women, but most were just browsing. Cheryl had been a frequent visitor to the store, and knew her way around. She led Lucy to a back corner, where they found a short rack of evening gowns.
Cheryl flipped through the gowns and pulled three of them from the rail. “These three should be your size. Let’s go try them on.”
Cheryl guided Lucy to the opposite corner of the store where the dressing rooms were located. Lucy draped the three dresses over her arm, and made her way down the narrow aisle. The dressing rooms where just a small hole in the wall cubicle with a curtain for privacy. Lucy pulled the curtain shut, stripped to her bra and panties, and slipped the blue, sequined gown over her head.
She stepped out into the small waiting area where Cheryl sat waiting in a hard, plain chair.
Cheryl gave her one look and shook her head. “No, that dress makes you look like my grandmother. Next!”
Without a word, Lucy returned to the dressing cubicle. She emerged wearing a red, low-cut dress.
Cheryl held her hand horizontally and wiggled it up and down. “So-so. Let’s see the other one.”
When Lucy emerged wearing the black V-neck dress that hugged her hips, Cheryl clasped her hands together. “Luce, that’s the one.”
Lucy turned and look at her reflection in the full-length mirror. The dress complimented her tall, slender figure. She had to admit, she looked good. Back in the dressing room, she stepped out of the dress, and looked at the price tag. Several layers of stickers indicated the dress had been marked down a few times. The top sticker was only a fraction of the original price, but still above Lucy’s budget.
Cheryl would have none of Lucy’s protest, and five minutes later they exited the store with a shopping bag in hand.
“You can pay me back next payday,” Cheryl said with a smile.
Lucy sighed. “And what makes you think that I’ll have the money then?”
Cheryl laughed. “Then you can consider it a birthday gift.”
“My birthday is not for another few months,” Lucy said.
Nothing was going to dampen Cheryl’s enthusiasm. “It’s an early present.”
Lucy smiled at her friend, and then gave her a hug. “Thank you. You’re a wonderful friend.”
“You better take notes tomorrow night. Monday morning I want to hear all the details, and you have to make sure they are interesting,” Cheryl said.
The rest of the day, and the following morning, the time dragged by. Every ten minutes Lucy glanced at her watch. She had a light lunch, and then took a long, soaking bath.
Dressed in her underwear, she sat in front of the mirror at the small table in the corner, and applied eyeliner and lip gloss. Her apartment was too small to fit a proper dresser. When she was done, she took the dress from the hanger, removed the price tag, and slipped it over her head.
She brushed her hair, and pulled the top half back and put it up in a hair clip. Satisfied with the result, she walked to the closet and pull out a pair of black shoes. She didn’t like high heels, but could handle the medium sized heels for the evening.
With a last glance in the mirror, Lucy sighed. She took a deep breath, but no amount of breathing could calm the butterflies in her stomach. She grabbed her black clutch, and headed out the door.
Five minutes later, Paul stopped in front of her apartment building in his silver Lexus. He got out and walked around to the passenger side to hold open the door. Lucy’s heart jumped at the sight of Paul dressed in a black tuxedo.
Paul stared at Lucy. “Wow. You look amazing.”
Lucy blushed and touched her hair. “You don’t look too bad yourself.”
On their way to the Aronoff, Lucy found it hard to tear her eyes away from the handsome man next to her. Every time Paul glanced in her direction, she jerked her head away, but couldn’t hide her smile.
Paul stopped the Lexus at a valet parking station outside the Aronoff Center. The valet ran around and opened the door for Lucy. She got out and watched as the valet drove away in Paul’s car.
He offered her his arm. “Shall we?”
She smiled, hooked an arm through his, and together they walked through the entrance to the building. Several photographers stood outside the building snapping pictures with the hope of catching a celebrity.

Chapter 6

Holding on to Paul’s arm, Lucy stared at the people around her. Cheryl was right. Every woman in the foyer was dressed to impress. Compared to the elaborate gowns most of the women wore, Lucy felt underdressed.
Paul led her up the stairs, down a short hallway, and then through a door. Instead of at the main hall of the theatre, Lucy found herself on one of the balconies. It was the one on the first level closest to the stage, which gave her a bird’s eye view of not only the stage, but the entire theatre. To her left, the stage was almost underneath them, and below and to her right, the general seating where people started to fill the theatre.
The breathtaking view was unlike anything she had ever experienced. The theatre was brightly lit, and a soft murmur of voices rose from below. There were only four seats on the balcony, and Lucy took the seat closest to the stage.
“So what do you think?” Paul asked when he sat down next to her.
Lucy gave Paul’s arm a squeeze. “Paul, this is amazing. The view from here is breathtaking. This is definitely not the Barnyard.”
Paul laughed. “No, it’s not.”
He had been to the Aronoff on a number of occasions, but he had never seen it like Lucy did. He didn’t watch the theatre, or the people filling it, he was watching the expression of wonder on her face.
Shortly before the start of the show, another couple joined them on the balcony. Paul introduced them as Janine and Gareth Turner. The woman was dressed in a blue embroidered one-shouldered gown, while her husband, like Paul, was dressed in a tux.
When Paul introduced his date, the woman looked at Lucy down her nose and nodded stiffly. Lucy gave the couple a friendly greeting, but it was clear, the presence of the two strangers made her self-conscious. Gareth took the seat next to Paul, and Lucy was relieved that Paul separated her from the people.
Paul and Gareth exchanged a few words, but soon the lights dimmed, and the ballet dancers appeared on stage. Lucy decided to ignore the couple, and paid full attention to the show. She really got into it.
At one point, Alice was surprised by the Hatter, which startled Lucy, and she grabbed onto Paul’s arm. When she realized what she’d done, she glanced at Paul and gave a shy smile.
“Sorry,” she whispered.
Paul smiled, and took her hand in his. During the rest of the show, he held onto her hand. For the first ten minutes, the wild beat of her heart made it difficult to concentrate on the ballet.
Her hand fitted into his like it belonged there. Toward the end of the show, she was comfortable with holding his hand. She only let go of his hand to applaud the dancers at the end of the show.
As they exited the balcony, Gareth invited Lucy and Paul to join them for a drink, but to Lucy’s relief, Paul declined.
When they were seated in the Lexus, Paul looked at Lucy. “Did you enjoy it?”
Lucy smiled. “Yes, I did. Thank you very much.”
“You seem uncomfortable in a crowd?” Paul stated.
Lucy nodded. “I never liked being around a lot of people. It’s probably because I grew up on a farm. I like being surrounded by space, and crowds make me feel cramped.”
“That’s understandable,” Paul said. “To be honest, I don’t like crowds either. Growing up, my parents always had big parties and get-togethers. My brother and I were forced to attend, but I never liked being there.”
Lucy stared at Paul for a moment. The lights of the city bounced off his face as they drove down the street.
“What are your plans for tomorrow?” Lucy asked on the spur of the moment.
Paul glanced at her. “I’m playing golf in the morning, and the afternoon I’m taking the kids to visit Sharon’s parents. Why?”
Lucy bit the bottom of her lip. “I’m going to the Krohn Conservatory. I thought you might like to join me.”
“I can cancel my golf game,” Paul said.
Lucy placed a hand on Paul’s arm. “No! Please, don’t do that. We can do it another time.”
Paul smiled. “Okay. I’m glad you said that. What do you think of golf?”
Lucy shrugged. “I tried it a few times, and did quite well, but it’s an expensive sport.”
Paul sighed. “Yes, unfortunately it is, but it’s one of the few things I enjoy. Maybe you would like to join me for a game sometime?”
“That sounds like fun, but I have to warn you, I’m not that good,” Lucy said.
Paul laughed. “That’s okay, because neither am I.”
She didn’t believe him, but didn’t say it out loud. Paul struck her as person who was successful at everything he did.
Before they could continue the conversation, the Lexus stopped in front of her apartment.
The vehicle hardly came to a halt before Paul hopped out and opened the passenger side, and held the door for Lucy.
“Thank you,” she said as she stepped out of the car.
Paul closed the door behind her, and with a click of the remote, locked the vehicle. Without a word, he escorted her to the door of her apartment.
In front of the door, Lucy stopped and faced him. “Thank you, Paul. I had a great evening.”
Paul nodded, then bent forward, and kissed Lucy. His lips lingered on hers for a moment. A tingle of pleasure ran through her body. She wanted to throw her arms around his neck and hold him in that position, but before she could react, he lifted his head.
Lucy stared at Paul with a hunger in her eyes. A hunger that was reflected in his.
“Do you want to come up?” she asked.
Paul considered it for a moment, but then shook his head. “It’s getting late. I promised the nanny that I won’t be too late, and if I come up, I definitely will be.”
Lucy blushed and nodded. “I understand.”
Paul bent down and kissed her again. This time, in automatic reaction, she reached up and placed her hand gently on the side of his neck. His lips burned on hers, but when he pulled away, she didn’t try to stop him.
He smiled at her. “Goodnight, Lucy.”
Her voice was barely a whisper. “Goodnight, Paul.”
She turned, unlocked the door, and disappeared into the building. When she entered her apartment, she closed the door, and then leaned back against it. 
Lucy lifted a hand and touched her lips. “Lucy, what are you getting yourself into?”
As if to answer, her heart fluttered with excitement. She strode over to the window, and was just in time to see the silver Lexus pull away. Lucy stepped into the middle of her apartment, spread her arms wide, and made two turns before she collapsed on the bed.
For the rest of the weekend, she could not get the image of Paul from her mind. On several occasions she found herself touching her lips.
“Oh Lucy, get a grip. It was not that good a kiss,” she chided herself, but her heart begged to differ.
Monday morning, as usual, she was early at the office. Every time she heard a sound down the hallway, she jerked her head away from the computer screen and stared in the direction of Paul’s office.
Lucy was so concentrated on Paul’s office, that she didn’t notice Cheryl approaching from the other direction.
“Morning, Luce.” Cheryl greeted, which caused Lucy to jump in her chair.
Lucy laughed and held a hand to her chest. “Morning. You startled me.”
Cheryl glanced down the hallway. “I wonder why. How was your date?”
Lucy beamed. “Oh, you were right. Cheryl, that ballet was fantastic. I’ve never seen anything like the Aronoff. The dancers were so graceful and executed the play to perfection.”
Cheryl nodded, and took a seat on the corner of Lucy’s desk. “That’s great. And afterward?”
Lucy frowned. “What about afterward?”
Cheryl rolled her eyes. “Oh, Luce. Sometimes you can be so daft. What did you and Paul do afterward?”
Lucy blushed, which caused her friend to stare at her with wide eyes.
“Should I even ask?” Cheryl said with a naughty look on her face.
That caused Lucy to blush even more. “Stop it.”
“Yeah, I better, before you catch fire,” Cheryl said with a satisfied grin.
“Nothing happened,” Lucy said.
“Bull! Nothing won’t make you act like a naughty school girl.”
Lucy sighed. “After the play, Paul took me back to my apartment.”
Cheryl rolled her hands impatiently in the air. “And?”
“And nothing. He walked me to the door, we said goodnight, and he left.”
“What?” Cheryl exclaimed. “Not even a goodnight kiss?” She glanced in the direction of Paul’s office. Maybe he wasn’t the man that she thought he was.
Lucy’s face turned red again, and Cheryl noticed. “Ha! I thought there was more to that story. Come on. Out with the details.”
“Okay, he gave me a goodnight kiss. Well, actually, he kissed me twice,” Lucy said with a shy smile and touched her lips.
Cheryl leaned forward and gave Lucy a hug. “Wow, Luce. I’m so happy for you. You’re such a nice person and deserve the happiness.”
Lucy waved a hand in the air. “Thanks, but you better scram. I have a lot of work to do.”
Cheryl laughed and hopped down from the desk. “You’re just scared I’ll ask more embarrassing questions. See you at lunch time.”
Watching her friend walking down the corridor, Lucy smiled and shook her head. At that moment Paul unlocked his office door. He paused, and glanced in Lucy’s direction. He waved when he saw her sitting at her desk. Lucy returned the wave, and it took every fiber in her body to remain seated.
For the rest of the day, Lucy didn’t see Paul. She learned from Suzanne that he had been called to an urgent meeting with the head office in Chicago.
But Paul wasn’t called into the head office. He was summoned by his mother. Although it annoyed him, he hurried to Chicago. He didn’t want her anywhere near Cincinnati. If he refused her request, she would hop into the family’s private jet and show up the following day. That would have blown his cover and everybody would have known who he really was.
Paul parked the rental car in front of the huge mansion that was fit for a queen. He didn’t plan to stay long.
A butler, dressed in a black penguin suit, emerged from the house. “Good afternoon, Master Paul. Shall I park the car?”
Paul gave the elderly man an affectionate pat on the shoulder. “Thank you, James, but I’ll be leaving again shortly.”
He strode through the huge entrance hall and into one of the six living rooms. He knew that particular room was his mother’s favorite.
Victoria Cunningham made sure she was always dressed her best. Today was no exception. She wore a tailored dark-grey suit with a white top. She sat in her favorite chair facing the large window and flipped through a magazine.
She looked up when she heard the footsteps. “Ah, Paul, you came.”
Paul leaned down and kissed his mother on the cheek. “Hello, Mother.”
He took a seat opposite her. “What’s so urgent?”
Victoria leaned forward and pulled a newspaper from the pile on the coffee table. She flipped to page five and handed it to Paul.
She tapped a picture. “I didn’t know you had a new girlfriend?”
Paul stared at the photograph. It was a picture of a celebrity couple, but in the background, Lucy and Paul walking arm-in-arm, about to enter the Aronoff Center.
Paul sighed. “She’s not my girlfriend. We’re just friends, but I do like her a lot.”
Victoria frowned. “Who is she?”
Staring at his mother, Paul knew if he didn’t answer, she would find out for herself. “She’s a girl from my office.”
“You’re dating the help?” Victoria said with a disapproving look on her face.
Anger flashed across Paul’s face. “Mother! She’s a production analyst and hardly the help. She’s smart, funny, and pleasant to be around. For the first time since Sharon died, I have someone whose company I enjoy.”
“Is she from Cincinnati?” Victoria asked.
Paul shook his head. “No, she’s from Houston.”
“Do you plan to get serious with her?”
Paul shrugged. “I don’t know. She gets along well with the kids.”
Victoria raised her eyebrows in surprise. “The children accept her?”
“No, I didn’t say that. They only spent one day with her so it’s too early to say,” Paul said, and flipped the newspaper back onto the coffee table.
Vitoria stared at Paul for a moment. “Maybe I should get Barry to do a background check on her.”
Barry Greystone was their family lawyer, but did all kinds of things for the family that weren’t necessarily law related. He had connections in high, and low places.
Paul jumped to his feet. “Mother, you’ll do no such thing. This time I will not allow you to meddle in my love life. I don’t want to end up with another Sharon.”
“What was wrong with Sharon?” Victoria asked. “You always looked content.”
Paul sighed. “Yes, Mother. I was content, but this time, I want to be happy.”
Victoria snorted. “Happiness is a myth. Look at me, I am content.”
Paul took her hands in his. “Mother, when was the last time you really laughed?”
“I laugh all the time.”
Paul shook his head. He always heard her fake, high-pitched laugh. Not once in all his life did he see her laugh spontaneously.
He got to his feet. “I need to get back to Cincinnati. Was that the only reason you summoned me here?”
Victoria’s eyes narrowed. “I didn’t summon you here. I asked you to come see me.”
Paul grinned. “Isn’t that the same thing?”
Victoria sighed. Paul was always the more free-spirited of her two children. While he was married to Sharon, she thought that spirit had died, but she could see it was still very much alive.
“Just make sure she’s not a gold-digger,” Victoria said.
Paul laughed. “Mother, I can assure you, she’s not.”
His parents were unaware of his anonymity in Cincinnati, and he planned to keep it that way. Paul said goodbye to his mother and headed straight back to the airport where a corporate jet waited for him. Once he landed in Cincinnati, he headed back to the office, but it was late and Lucy had already left.
For a moment, he stood in front of his office and stared at her empty desk, then he turned, and headed back to the elevator.

Chapter 7

Lucy took a bath and changed into her pajamas. She curled up on her bed with a bowl of store-bought macaroni and cheese. A light knock on the door caught her attention. Since she moved into the apartment, it was the first time anybody knocked, which was why she stared at the door in surprise.
When the knock repeated a few seconds later, it commanded her into action. She placed the bowl with her dinner on her bedside dresser, jumped off the bed, and reached for her robe. While tying the string to her robe, another knock sounded.
“Hold your horses,” she shouted at the door.
When she reached the door, she yanked it open, and her heart gave a jump.
Paul’s smile was unsure. “I hope I’m not intruding? After Saturday night, I desperately wanted to talk to you, but had to leave on urgent business for Chicago this morning.”
Embarrassed by her appearance, Lucy stood back and opened the door wider. Paul stepped into the small apartment.
When Lucy shut the door behind Paul, she turned to face him. Unsure, he stepped forward and kissed Lucy. His doubt faded when her lips responded to his.
“Hi,” he said when he lifted his head.
Lucy touched her hair and gave a shy smile. “Hi.”
At the sight of Lucy’s smile, Paul’s shoulders relaxed. “I can’t stay long. I have to get home to the kids, but I had to see you.”
Lucy raised an eyebrow. “You had to see me?”
Paul laughed and pulled her into his arms. “If I don’t hold you a while …” Paul lowered his head and planted a gentle kiss on Lucy’s lips. “… and get a kiss, I won’t be able to sleep tonight.”
Lucy reached up and placed a hand against the side of Paul’s face. “We can’t have that. What will the people in the office say when the boss show up tomorrow morning all bleary-eyed?”
Their lips met again, but this time they didn’t separate after a moment. Paul’s mouth moved over Lucy’s, and her eager lips responded. A minute later, Lucy pulled her head away. Her heart raced in a wild frenzy, and her body was covered in tingles. She laid her head against Paul’s chest and closed her eyes.
She trembled in his arms. “Are you okay?” he asked with an unsteady voice.
“Uh-huh,” she said. “I’m fantastic, but if you don’t stop kissing me like that your kids won’t see you tonight.”
Paul kissed the top of her head. “I’m sure they’ll survive one night without a father.”
Lucy slapped Paul with the palm of her hand against his chest. “Paul!”
He laughed. “I’m just kidding, but you’re right, if I don’t leave now, neither of us will get any sleep tonight.”
Lucy blushed, but snuggled against Paul’s chest for another moment. His glance swept over her small apartment and then came to rest on the forgotten bowl of food.
“I interrupted your dinner,” Paul said.
Lucy let go of Paul and followed the direction of his gaze. “I don’t mind. It can be re-heated.”
Paul brushed a loose strand of hair from her forehead. “Never the less, you have to let me make it up to you. I know this cozy little steakhouse around the corner, and their food is great. Can I take you to dinner tomorrow after work?”
Lucy stared into Paul’s brown eyes. When he looked at her like that, how could she deny him anything? She nodded.
“Great,” Paul said with a wide smile. “Now I better get going.”
He kissed her once more, and Lucy had to push him away when her heart started racing again. Paul smiled and turned for the exit.
He opened the door and paused for a moment. “Lucy Campbell, I think I’m falling in love with you.”
By the time Lucy got over her shock, she stared at a closed door. She moved to the window and peered through a slit in the curtain. Down below, Paul stepped from the apartment building whistling a tune. He took the car keys from his pocket and tossed it in the air.
He caught it with one hand and pushed the button on the remote control. With a beep-beep, the doors to the Lexus unlocked. Paul opened the driver door and paused to look up at Lucy’s window. He laughed when he saw her dash away.
“You sure are something else, Lucy Campbell,” he said, and then got into the Lexus, started the car, and drove down the road.
Up in the apartment, Lucy took her half-eaten meal and walked into the small kitchen. She opened the microwave to reheat her food, but then stopped and looked at the plate. Lucy was not hungry anymore. She stepped on the pedal of the rubbish bin, and with a pang of guilt, she dumped the rest of the meal.
The following morning, Lucy arrived at the office earlier than usual. Despite not having a good night’s sleep, she was in a good mood. Paul’s words from the previous night kept running through her mind and it made her heart soar.
“Work can’t be that good,” Cheryl’s voice interrupted her later that morning.
Lucy jerked her head. “Huh?”
Cheryl pointed at Lucy’s computer. “I’ve never seen anybody smiling like that while doing their work. What are you up to?”
Lucy shook her head. “Nothing. I’m busy with tonight’s production schedules.”
Cheryl walked around the desk, stared at the computer screen, and then turned to Lucy with her hands on her hips. “Okay, out with it.”
“Out with what?” Lucy asked, keeping her face as innocent as possible.
Standing with her hands on her hips, and cocking her head to the side, Cheryl didn’t buy Lucy’s innocence.
Lucy laughed and got up from her chair. “Let’s get some coffee.”
Once they were seated in the break room, each with a steamy mug of coffee, Cheryl stared at Lucy with her big, round eyes, waiting in anticipation.
Lucy took a sip of her coffee and looked at her friend over the rim of her cup. “Paul visited me last night in my apartment.”
Cheryl placed her mug on the table. Lucy had her full attention.
“He said he missed me and just wanted to stop by for a quick hello.”
Cheryl snorted. “Yeah, right.”
This caused Lucy to blush. “Well, he did kiss me again.”
“Uh-huh,” Cheryl said. “By that look on your face, I can see it was no ordinary kiss.”
“No it wasn’t,” Lucy answered. “It took all my willpower to tell him to leave.”
Cheryl’s eyes widened with shock. “You did what?”
When a guy at the copy machine turned and looked their way, Cheryl realized that her words were too loud.
Lucy giggled. “Shhh. I don’t want the entire office to hear.”
Her friend shrugged, but lowered her voiced. “What happened?”
“Nothing. He had to get home to his kids, but if he kept kissing me like that, I would have chained him to my bed,” Lucy said.
With delight on her face, Cheryl sat back on her chair. “Luce, you little devil.”
“But that’s not the best part,” Lucy said. “Before he left, he said that he’s falling in love with me.”
Cheryl’s face beamed with delight. “What did you say?”
“Nothing. He was out the door before I could say anything.”
“When do you see him again?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy stood up from her seat. “Tonight. Paul’s taking me out for dinner after work, which means I better get my work done early.”
For the rest of the day, Lucy had trouble concentrating on her work. Her mind kept returning to their kiss, and Paul’s words before he left. She kept glancing in the direction of Paul’s office, but saw no sign of him. She forced herself to focus on her work. By 5 pm, the office started to empty, but there was still no sign of Paul.
She waited another half an hour, logged off her computer, gathered her purse, and headed for the elevator. As she passed Paul’s office, she glanced at the closed door. Disappointment washed over her. Did Paul forget their date? If he couldn’t make it, he could at least let her know.
She pushed the elevator button, and while waiting for the carriage to arrive, she fished her cellphone from her purse. She glanced at the screen, but there were no messages. As she stepped out of the building, she saw him.
The Lexus was parked in front of the building, with Paul casually leaning back against it.
He smiled when he saw her. “I was just about to come find you. I think your boss works you too hard.”
Lucy’s face lit up at the sight of her affection. “I thought you might show up at your office sooner or later, so I waited.”
When she reached him, he leaned forward, and kissed her.
Lucy looked around nervously. “Aren’t you scared that somebody might see us?”
Paul shook his head. “It’s none of anybody’s business if I want to kiss my girlfriend.”
Lucy smiled, and her face glowed with delight. Paul held the door for her, and she slid into the luxurious seat of the passenger side of the Lexus.
“I hope you are hungry,” Paul said when he got seated.
In anticipation of their meal together, Lucy skipped lunch. She settled for a coffee with Cheryl. “I’m starving.”
Paul smiled and drove the two blocks to the restaurant. During the meal, Paul asked her about her parents’ farm. They kept their conversation light, and talked about everything except work. For the rest of the week, every evening after work, Paul took Lucy out for dinner.
After they had something to eat, he took her back to her apartment, but said goodbye on her doorstep. They would kiss, but he declined her invite to come inside. She knew he had to get home to his kids, but every night, it got harder to say goodbye.
Friday night they were seated at a corner table in a small Chinese restaurant. It was still early-evening and most of the tables were empty.
“What are your plans for the weekend?” Paul asked.
Lucy shrugged. “I haven’t made any yet. Why, what do you have in mind?”
Paul swallowed a morsel of his prawns. “I’m playing golf Sunday morning. A member of our four ball pulled out because his wife is sick. Would you like to join me for a game?”
Lucy nodded. “Thank you. That would be nice, but remember, I’m not very good.”
Paul smiled. “It doesn’t matter. The main aim is to have fun, and we get to spend some time together.”
She felt guilty that she couldn’t pay her own way, but like the meals every night, Paul insisted on paying for everything.
Lucy scratched around in her chicken fried rice. “What are your plans for tomorrow?”
Paul sighed. “Iwas supposed to take the kids to see my parents, but my mother phoned today to say they have to attend to urgent business. Maybe we can all go watch a show or something?”
She stared at Paul for a moment. “It’s supposed to be a warm, sunny day tomorrow. Why don’t we take the kids to King’s Island? Cheryl told me a lot about the place, and I’ve been dying to go. I’m sure the children will love it.”
Paul frowned. “The amusement park? I don’t know. I’m not that fond of rollercoasters, and the children had never been around a place like that.”
“It’s more than an amusement park and there are more than just rollercoasters. There are water rides and all kinds of fun family rides.”
Paul watched Lucy’s face come to life with excitement as she talked about the theme park. He had to admit, neither the kids nor he got that excited about a show. His wife would never had taken the children to such a place. She saw places like that as someplace where commoners gathered and would not allow her family to mingle with them. His mother was the same way which is why his brother and he didn’t get to go to a theme park either.
Shortly before his wife’s death, Paul got the zoo pass, and they went together as a family, but even in her weakened state, she couldn’t stand it. If it weren’t viewed as an event of cultural significance, she wouldn’t allow the children near it.
But it was Paul’s wish to become part of Lucy’s world, and this was a big step for him and the kids.
“What time shall I pick you up?” Paul asked.
Lucy placed her fork in the empty plate. “The park opens at 10 am, and I believe it’s not that far. Let’s say about nine thirty?”
After their dinner, Paul took Lucy back to her apartment. He walked her up to the door and then took her into his arms.
He looked deep into her eyes. “You sure are a breath of fresh air, Lucy Campbell.”
A shy smile formed on Lucy’s lips, and she bowed her head, but with the index finger of his right hand, he lifted her chin. He leaned forward, lowered his head, and then his lips closed over hers.
She melted in his embrace. Her arms snaked around his neck, and she pulled herself closer against him. Paul felt the heat of her body through his clothes, and it ignited a fire in his groin.
Paul reached up and gently removed her arms from his neck. He lifted his head, which broke their kiss. Lucy stared into eyes, but didn’t resist. She was ready to give herself to this wonderful man.
Paul saw it in her eyes and in her body language. If he wanted to, at that moment, he could take her inside and make love to her. He knew it would please them both, but that stopped him. Like Lucy, he wanted their first time to be special.
“I have to go,” Paul said with a trembling voice.
She couldn’t speak and only nodded.
He kissed her again, but just for a moment, then he stepped away. “I’ll see you in the morning. Good night.”
Lucy turned and unlocked the door. She paused in the open doorway. “Good night, Paul. Thank you for a wonderful evening.”
Paul turned and walked down the stairs. He didn’t look back because he knew the sight of her would pull him back into her arms.
Lucy closed the door behind her and leaned back against it. She lifted a trembling hand to her chest. “Oh Lucy. You’re in big trouble.”
She waited a moment and then walked to the window, just in time to see the Lexus pulling away.
Lucy touched the cool glass of the window. “Good night, my love.”

Chapter 8

Saturday morning Lucy got up early and prepared for her day with Paul and the kids. She was much less nervous than the first time, but still had butterflies. Unsure if it was at the prospect of seeing Paul again, or his kids, but despite her nervous energy, she was excited.
She didn’t pack the picnic basket again because Paul insisted on buying everything there. For Lucy, who watched every penny she spent, it was an issue, but not for Paul. Growing up he must not have wanted for anything.
Lucy frowned. She realized that after all their time spent together, she still knew very little about him. He always asked about her life, and her family, but rarely speaks about his own. She knew both his parents were alive, and that he had a brother, but other than that not much.
She made a mental note to inquire more about his family. Lucy stuffed all the essentials she needed into a waterproof waist pack. It might not have been stylish, but it was practical.
Once done, she went downstairs, and right on time, the dark-silver Lexus SUV appeared around the corner. Lucy smiled. It seemed whenever Paul took the kids out he drove the SUV, but when it was just him, he took his car.
Lucy opened the door and hopped into the passenger seat before Paul could open the door for her.
“Good morning,” she greeted with a cheerful smile.
“Morning,” Paul said, leaned over, and gave her a kiss.
When he put the vehicle in gear and pulled away from the curb, she glanced back at the kids. They both had their handheld devices on their lap, but stared at her. Tyler had a friendly smile, but Nikki’s face was pulled in a frown.
“Are you two ready for some fun rides?” Lucy asked.
Tyler clapped his hands with excitement. “Yes. Yes!”
Nikki lowered her eyes and picked up her game. “I don’t know if you can call it fun to listen to a bunch of screaming people all day.”
Lucy threw a worried glance at Paul, but he just smiled back at her. Lucy bit her lower lip. Maybe taking the kids to the amusement park was not such a good idea. They were not used to outdoor activities.
She stared out the window and watched as the buildings flashed by. Well, she wouldn’t know for sure until she got them out there.She was determined to enjoy herself, and to make it a fun day for them.
As they approached the amusement park, the towering rails of various coasters were visible.
“Wow, look at that!” an excited Tyler said and pressed his nose against the window.
Lucy glanced at Nikki. The youngster had the game in her lap, but it was forgotten. She tried to act nonchalant, but couldn’t tear her eyes away from the attractions. Paul found a spot in the parking lot and parked the SUV.
Streams of excited children and their parents filed past them.
When they exited the vehicle, Paul looked at Tyler and Nikki. “Remember, no running off by yourself. Stay with Lucy and me at all times.”
Tyler jumped up and down. “Okay, Daddy, I won’t, but can we go now before the park is full?”
Lucy laughed and held out her hand to the boy. “Shall we?”
Without hesitation he grabbed her hand, and they set off for the entrance. Paul held out his hand to Nikki.
She shook her head. “I am not a baby anymore.”
Paul ignored her comment and took her hand. “No, you are not, but you will always be my little girl.”
Nikki didn’t look happy, but she didn’t pull her hand from her father’s.
They joined the line of people at the entrance. Several booths were open, and the line moved swiftly. When it was their turn, Paul paid for their tickets while an assistant placed Nikki and Tyler against a measuring board. Nikki measured at fifty inches while her brother came in at forty two.
After they were measured, the assistant tied an armband around the kids’ left wrist, a yellow one for Tyler and a blue one for Nikki.
“What are these for?” Tyler asked.
“So the ride attendants know that you are tall enough to go on the ride,” the friendly assistant said.
Once everyone were fitted their wristbands, they all walked through the turnstiles and entered the park.
“Wow, look at that,” Lucy said and pointed ahead.
A replica of the Eiffel Tower was straight ahead and reached high into the sky. Tyler laughed, but Nikki rolled her eyes.
“It is not as tall as the real one,” Nikki said with an air of superiority.
“I know,” Lucy said. “They built it to a one-third scale, but it’s still over three hundred feet tall. I bet you have a bird’s eye view from up there of the entire park.”
Tyler’s excited voice interrupted the tension. “I want to ride that!”
The boy pointed to a high towering rollercoaster to their left. He set off toward the attraction pulling Lucy along.
Paul read the sign as they approached. “Banshee. The world’s longest inverted rollercoaster.”
He turned to Tyler. “Sorry, Squirt, but I think you’re a little too short for this one.”
“I’m sure I’m tall enough,” Nikki announced proudly.
Lucy eyed the rollercoaster. “This looks like a frightening ride.”
Nikki shook her head. “It doesn’t look that scary.”
“It is definitely too scary for me,” Paul said. “Why don’t you two ride it while Tyler and I wait here?”
Nikki turned pale. Her father called her bluff.
Lucy noticed Nikki’s reaction. “Why don’t we first find a few rides we can ride together, and then maybe later Nikki and I can tackle this one?”
She smiled at the girl who glanced in her direction, and for a moment, the young one looked grateful.
“What about this one?” Tyler said and pulled Lucy in another direction.
Paul looked at the sign. “Scrambler. That looks harmless enough, and we all can ride it.”
They joined the short queue. When the contraption came to a halt, the previous occupants vacated the cars, and the attendant lowered the chain to open the path for the new riders. The cars had space for two riders.
Lucy and Tyler stepped into the nearest open car, and the attendant made sure their seatbelts were in place before he closed the gate behind them to secure them in the vehicle. They both laughed with excitement. Paul and Nikki got into the next car.
A few moments later all the cars were loaded, and the attendant pushed the button which started the automated ride sequence. The Scrambler had four cars mounted on counter-rotating arms which produced strong acceleration and side-to-side movement, changing force and direction rapidly.
Tyler screamed with delight as they were catapulted forward. He waved at Paul and Nikki as they passed, but they couldn’t return the wave. They both had a death grip on the gate, but Nikki’s face was a picture of pleasure and a girl that was having fun.
When the ride came to a stop, Lucy helped Tyler down, and then walked to Paul and Nikki. The serious expression had returned to the girl’s face, but Paul was smiling.
“Can we go again?” Tyler asked as he jumped up and down.
“There are so many other rides to ride. Let’s go explore them first,” Lucy said.
“Okay,” Tyler answered and pulled Lucy in a new direction.
The rest of the morning they spent moving from one family ride to the next.
Around mid-day, Paul patted his stomach. “I’m getting a little hungry. Maybe we should grab some lunch.”
Lucy looked around and noticed a sign for toilets. “I first have to go to the loo.”
She glanced at Nikki. “Do you need to go too?”
Nikki nodded and Lucy held out her hand, but Nikki ignored it and stomped off towards the toilets. Lucy glanced at Paul. He was staring after his daughter with a troubled look in his eyes. Lucy sighed and set off after Nikki.
Paul bought them each a hotdog and a soda from one of the concession stands, and they took a seat on one of the benches that were scattered throughout the park. Music blared through the sound system, but it couldn’t drown out the high-pitched shrills of delight from all over the park.
Paul looked at his children. “Are you having fun?”
Tyler nodded his head with a mouthful of hotdog.
Nikki shrugged. “It’s alright.”
Paul smiled and looked at Lucy. “How about you?”
Lucy leaned forward, wiped a drop of ketchup from Paul’s lips, and then planted a kiss. “I’m having a great time.”
When lunch was done, Paul gathered the rubbish and threw it into the nearest bin. “What do you want to do now?”
Lucy glanced at Nikki. “I think it’s time we tackle a proper rollercoaster. I’ve been watching them all day and been itching to get on one.”
They walked in the direction of Banshee, but the closer they got, the paler Nikki turned.
When they stopped at the gate attendant, he glanced at Nikki’s wristband, shook his head and pointed at the height restriction sign. “Sorry, she’s too short.”
Lucy looked at the sign. Fifty-two inches was the minimum requirement. Nikki breathed a sigh of relief and the color returned to her cheeks.
“Ah, sorry, Nikki,” Lucy said. “We can find another coaster.”
Nikki took Tyler’s hand. “I’ll watch Tyler. Why don’t you two go?”
Paul swallowed hard. “No. I can’t possibly leave you two here on your own.”
“It is okay, Mister,” the friendly gate attendant said. “They can wait here and I’ll keep an eye on them.”
Paul stared at the attendant, then at Lucy, and then moved his gaze to his kids. Nikki stood with a daring grin on her face while Tyler looked at his father with hero-worship in his eyes. Paul could not back down in front of them.
He sighed. “Okay, let’s do this. You two stay here. We’ll be right back.”
He took Lucy’s hand, and they joined the queue waiting to ride Banshee.
Lucy leaned against his arm. She lowered her voice so only Paul could hear. “You don’t have to do this.”
He squeezed her hand. “Tyler thinks his daddy is a hero. I can’t turn into a wimp now.”
Paul looked up as the train full of screaming riders zoomed past. “Oh hell, I’m going to die!”
Lucy laughed. “Just relax. You might actually enjoy it.”
Paul’s half-smile was nervous. “Listen, just in case I die on this contraption and don’t get to tell you later, I just want to say, I love you.”
Lucy stared into his brown eyes and saw the sincerity. It took her a moment to process the information, then she threw her arms around his neck. When their lips met, the surrounding noise disappeared into the distance.
When he lifted his head, she smiled. “I love you too, Paul.”
He returned the smile. “Then I better not die today.”
When they reached the front of the queue and it was their turn, Lucy led Paul to the third row from the front. Each carriage of the train had four seats, and she selected the middle seats. An attendant with a headset instructed the riders over the intercom. A shoulder harness with a safety belt secured each rider over the shoulders and across the chest.
Lucy glanced at Paul, his eyes nervous and his face pale.
She placed a hand around his. “Try to relax.”
“Uh-huh,” he said, but maintained his death grip on the bars of the harness. The cheerful attendant wished them a pleasant ride, and then the train was released. They turned a corner and then started the steep climb.
The yells of pleasure from the riders around him made Paul more nervous. His knuckles showed white where his hands remained in their death grip around the bars. When they reached the top, the crescendo of yells increased.
“Here we go!” Lucy yelled with pleasure, but as the coaster dipped forward and started to plummet down, Paul closed his eyes. The wind whipped around his ears. He opened his eyes just as they entered the first loop. Instant regret and he snapped them close again.
Halfway through the ride he found the courage to keep his eyes open, and even managed a glance at Lucy. The harness restricted arm movement, so the riders couldn’t lift their arms above their heads, but Lucy held hers straight out in front of her.
When they exited the final turn and headed back to the station, Lucy glanced at Paul, who had a relieved smile on his face.
“How was that?” she asked.
“Who-hoo!” Paul yelled. “That was amazing. Never in my life had I experienced such an adrenaline rush.”
Lucy laughed. “You want to go again?”
Paul shook his head, his face pale. “Maybe later. I have to throw up first.”
When the coaster came to a halt in the station, a loud hiss released the harness, and they unclipped the safety belt that held it in place. Paul stood on unsteady legs and looked a little green in the face.
Lucy grabbed his arm. “Are you okay?”
Paul smiled. “I’ll be fine in a moment. I just need to get my land legs back.”
By the time they rejoined the children, color had returned to his face, and he walked normal.
“Daddy!” Tyler yelled when he spotted them and ran forward into Paul’s arms.
Nikki grinned at her father. “How was it?”
Paul glanced at Lucy and winked. “A piece of cake, and a lot of fun.”
He poked Nikki in the stomach. “Now, little Missy, let’s find you a rollercoaster to ride and see how brave you are.”
The smile disappeared from Nikki’s face. They walked down the path and arrived at a twisting looking coaster.
“The Vortex,” Paul said. “And look Nikki, you’re tall enough to ride this one.”
Nikki glared at her smiling father, but threw her head back in defiance. “Fine, let’s do this.”
Lucy led Nikki up to the station while Paul and Tyler watched from down below. Paul lifted Tyler onto his shoulders so the boy could have a better view.
Unlike the Banshee that was an open coaster, in the Vortex there were four people per car. Two in front and two in the back. Again Lucy selected the third car from the front and took the back seats. The shoulder harness secured them in their seats. The attendant wished them a pleasant ride, and then they were off and started the steep climb.
At the first drop, Lucy instinctively reached out and put a protective arm in front of Nikki. As the coaster plummeted down the rail, Nikki grabbed onto Lucy’s arm and held on tight. Her shrill screams of delight made Lucy smile.
When they exited the final turn and headed back to the station, Lucy pulled her arm back, but nothing was said.

Chapter 9

For the rest of the afternoon, they rode several rides. Some they all rode together, others Lucy and Nikki did while Paul took Tyler on a suitable kiddies ride. Paul did a few more thrill rollercoasters with Lucy, and as the day progressed, he enjoyed it more.
Nikki tried her best to keep a straight face, but several times Lucy caught her laughing out loud in delight.
Late in the afternoon they walked down one of the lanes in the park. Lucy noted a photo studio. They offered patrons the chance to dress up and have their picture taken.
Lucy pointed at the entrance. “Why don’t we have our picture taken?”
Tyler clapped his hands together. “Yes! I want to be a cowboy.”
Nikki folded her arms and pouted her lips while glaring at Lucy. “I don’t want to be in a picture with you.”
Lucy stared at the young girl. During the day, she felt she made progress with Nikki, but the girl’s words were like a stab to her heart. Tears filled Lucy’s eyes. She turned and walked away.
Paul lifted Tyler from his shoulders and placed the boy on the ground. He turned to have a stern word with Nikki, but the girl was already running after Lucy.
Nikki caught up with Lucy and grabbed her hand. “Lucy, wait! I didn’t mean it like that. I am sorry.”
Lucy stared at the young girl. She bent down on one knee. People walked past and stared at them, but she ignored it.
“Why do you hate me so much?” Lucy asked while biting her lip to hold back the flood building up behind her eyes.
Tears rolled down Nikki’s cheek. “I don’t hate you.”
Lucy glanced to where Paul waited with Tyler and then turned her attention back to the girl. “Nikki, I’m in love with your father, but I’m also falling in love with you and your brother. I don’t want to replace your mother, but I want to be a part of your lives.”
Nikki looked at her shoes. “Are you my father’s girlfriend now?”
Lucy nodded. “Yes, I am.”
Nikki continued to stare at her own shoes and spoke in a small voice. “I really don’t hate you.”
Lucy sighed. “Okay. You ready to go back?”
When the girl looked up, her eyes were red.
Lucy waved at Paul. “We’re just going to the restroom.”
Ten minutes later, with freshly washed faces, they joined Paul and Tyler where they waited on a nearby bench.
Paul could sense the tension. “I think we had enough fun for one day. Let’s go home.”
The ride back to Lucy’s apartment was done in silence. 
A few blocks away from her building, Paul looked at Lucy. “Are we still on for tomorrow morning?”
Lucy smiled, but it didn’t change the sadness in her eyes. She nodded.
Paul sighed. “Because we have to get up so early, I was going to ask you to spend the night at our place, but under the circumstances, I’m not so sure that’s a good idea.”
Nikki looked up from her game. She knew she caused the sudden tension, and she felt bad.
“Why can’t Lucy spent the night at our place?” she asked.
The question took Paul and Lucy by surprise.
He stared at Nikki and then turned his gaze to Lucy. “Would you?”
“We have a spare room,” he added when he noticed her hesitation.
She glanced to the backseat. Tyler was fast asleep, and Nikki nodded her head.
“Okay,” she said, and Nikki sighed with relief. If Lucy said no, her father would be even more upset with her.
They stopped at Lucy’s apartment for her to grab a few things and then headed to the edge of the city where they lived.
As they entered the neighborhood, Lucy stared in wonder at the luxurious mansions. At a house surrounded by a ten-foot wall, Paul turned the Lexus into the driveway and pressed the button on the remote control to open the large black gates.
They followed the tree-lined driveway that led to the double story house. Lucy’s hand flew to her mouth. A well-manicured garden surrounded the mansion. Steps led to a huge oak door.
With her overnight bag in her hand, she stood in the entrance and admired the stylish inside.
Paul carried Tyler to his room. “If you follow me I’ll show you to your room.”
She followed Paul up the stairs. He put Tyler in his bed. 
“He’s exhausted,” Paul whispered.
He led her down the corridor and opened another door. “It’s our guest bedroom, but nobody ever stays over.”
She walked inside and took a deep breath. A four-poster bed was the main feature of the room, but it also had a matching dresser, and in the corner stood a leather lounge chair. To the side, there was a door that led to an en-suite bathroom.
While Lucy took a bath, Paul knocked on Nikki’s bedroom door and entered. Sitting cross-legged in the middle of her bed, she stared at a picture of her mother on the dresser.
“May I sit?” Paul asked, and Nikki moved to give him space.
She was still staring at the picture. “Do you still miss her?”
Paul looked at the picture and sighed. “Yes, every day.”
He stared at Nikki for a moment. “Is that why you give Lucy such a hard time?”
The girl lowered her gaze and stared at her hands. “Do you love her?”
Paul looked at his daughter. She was matured for her age, and for a moment, he wondered what an eight year-old girl knew about love, but then he sighed.
“Yes, I think I do. She is an amazing person,” he answered.
Nikki looked up at her father. “Are you going to marry her?”
Paul shrugged. “I don’t know. To be honest, I haven’t given it much thought, but she makes me happy and I like being around her. Plus, she cares about you and Tyler, but if you don’t like her …”
“I do like her,” Nikki answered.
Paul frowned. “I don’t understand. If you like her why do you act this way?”
Nikki buried her face in her hands and started to cry. It took Paul by surprise, and for a moment, he looked around bewildered, but then he moved closer to his daughter and put an arm around her.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
When she wiped at the tears, she looked into her father’s eyes. “I’m scared that if I start to love her, she will go away like mommy did.”
With that, Nikki leaned forward and buried her face in her father’s chest. For a moment Paul hugged her against him, and then he held her at arm’s length and looked into her tear-filled eyes.
“Is that what’s bothering you? You are scared that Lucy will go away like mommy did? Oh, sweetheart. You know mommy got sick, which is why she went away, but it’s not to say the same will happen to Lucy.”
After a few moments, Nikki wiped the tears from her face. “Lucy is a lot of fun.”
Paul smiled and nodded. “Yes, she sure is. I have a feeling life with her will never be boring.”
Nikki blew her nose into a small handkerchief. “I’m sorry for how I acted, Daddy. I promise I’ll be better now.”
Paul kissed the top of her head. “I just want you and Tyler to be happy.”
The following morning, Lucy was up early. Dressed in a lime-green golf shirt and tan pants, she was sitting at the table having a cup of coffee when Nikki came running down the steps.
“Good morning, Lucy,” she greeted, and proceeded to give Lucy a hug.
The action took Lucy by surprise, but she did well to hide it. She returned the greeting. “Good morning.”
She looked up at Paul, but he just shrugged and smiled. Tyler followed Nikki down the steps and also gave Lucy a hug.
“Are you ready for the game?” Paul asked.
Lucy nodded. “I’m a little nervous, but yes, I’m looking forward to it.”
Paul glanced at his watch. “The nanny will be here shortly. We can leave when she gets here.”
Nikki hopped into a chair next to Lucy and poured a glass of orange juice. “Will you be staying over again tonight? Maybe we can all watch a movie together.”
“Yes, we can watch the penguins,” Tyler added.
Lucy was at a loss for words. The transformation in Nikki took her by surprise. The previous day she could hardly get a word out of the girl.
“Eh, no,” she said. “I have work tomorrow and have to return to my apartment tonight.”
Tyler looked at Lucy with a face filled with innocence. “You can stay here forever.” He turned his head to his father. “Tell her she can, Daddy.”
Paul smiled. “Lucy will always be welcome here.”
Nikki took a sip of her juice. “It would be more fun to have another woman in the house.”
The arrival of the nanny cut the conversation short. Paul loaded their golf clubs into the back of the SUV. For Lucy, he had a set of brand new clubs. He bought them for his wife, but they never got used. She hated golf and preferred to socialize with the other women at the exclusive club in Chicago while Paul played golf with the men.
On their way to the golf course, he glanced at Lucy. “You’re very quiet.”
Lucy looked at him with a serious expression. “Who was that girl in the kitchen and what have you done with Nikki?”
Paul frowned. “Huh?”
Lucy tugged at a loose strand of hair. “I don’t understand her sudden change in attitude. Don’t get me wrong, I like it, but it also makes me nervous.”
Paul sighed and relayed the conversation he had the previous evening with his daughter.
Lucy looked at him with tear-filled eyes. “So she was scared I will leave too?”
Paul nodded.
She raised a hand to her mouth. “And I thought she didn’t like me.”
Paul shrugged. “It turns out that she adores you.”
When they arrived at the club, Paul introduced Lucy to his playing partners. She tried hard to concentrate on the game, but her mind kept wandering to the events of the previous day. Knowing the true reason for Nikki’s behavior lifted a cloud from her shoulders.
Although Lucy’s golf was not nearly at Paul’s skill level, her attitude toward the game impressed him. After the round, Paul declined an invitation from his playing partners for drinks and loaded the golf clubs into the Lexus.
He looked at Lucy. “Did you enjoy the game?”
She smiled. “Oh yes, thank you. That was fun.”
He returned the smile. “You didn’t play too badly. You sure you haven’t played before?”
Lucy shrugged. “I played a few times at the public course in Houston. Although I like the game, since I moved here, I don’t have the money to take it up on a more regular basis.”
“Would you mind playing with me again in the future?” he asked.
Lucy nodded. “Not at all. This is a lovely course.”
When they returned to the house, they all had lunch together. Nikki was still her friendly self. Lucy suspected that for the first time since she met the girl, she caught a glimpse of the young one’s true nature.
After lunch, under much protest from Nikki and Tyler, Lucy gathered her things.
Once they hit the road, Paul smiled at her. “The kids didn’t want you to go, and to be honest, neither do I.”
Lucy sighed. “I had a wonderful time and don’t want to go either, but we have work tomorrow and I still have a few things to do.”
Paul stared at the road ahead and spoke without turning his head. “The offer still stands.”
Lucy jerked her head around and looked at him, her heart hammering against her ribs. She wasn’t sure she understood him correctly. “Paul, are you asking me to move in with you?”
He stopped at a red robot and turned his head to look at her, his hands gripping the steering wheel so hard his knuckles were white. He loved this woman, but he had to be careful. She was like a butterfly, and he had to treat her with care. If he tried to rush her, it might end up chasing her away.
“You will have your own room of course,” he added when he noticed her frown.
She clutched the purse in her lap. “Can I think about it?”
He smiled. “Please do.”
When they stopped at her apartment, he helped her to get her things inside, and then kissed her goodbye and left. She watched him through the window until the Lexus disappeared around the corner and then took a seat on the edge of her bed.
She looked around the apartment and sighed. The room felt cold and lifeless. For a brief moment in time she felt like she had a family of her own, and she liked the feeling.
The next morning, Lucy barely had time to get seated at the office before Cheryl appeared at her desk.
Her friend took a seat on the edge of the desk. “Good morning. I’m ready to hear all about your weekend.”
Lucy laughed and grabbed her mug. “Let’s grab some coffee.”
Once they were seated with a steamy mug of coffee each, Lucy relayed their trip to the theme park, and the subsequent happenings with Nikki.”
Cheryl placed a hand on her friend’s arm. “I’m so glad for you that she came around. The poor thing. It must be hard for her.”
Lucy nodded, and then she told Cheryl about Paul’s offer.
Cheryl’s eyes widened with surprise. “What are you waiting for? Do you need help packing? I can get my husband to help you move.”
Lucy laughed and shook her head. “No thanks, that won’t be necessary. Knowing Paul, he probably got movers on standby already in case I say yes.”
“So what are you waiting for?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy took a sip of her coffee with a serious expression on her face. “This is a big step.”
Cheryl nodded. “I know, so step forward already.”
Lucy touched Cheryl’s arm. “Cher, you must see this place. It’s amazing!”
Cheryl smiled. “Sounds like you already decided.”
Lucy wanted to inform Paul of her decision, but he was away from the office on business. Although he phoned her every night, she wanted to tell him in person.
He returned to the office on Thursday. Two minutes after he entered his office, Suzanne walked over to Lucy’s desk.
She looked at Lucy over the rim of her glasses and smiled. “Mr. Cunningham wishes to see you.”
“Oh, thank you, Suzanne,” Lucy said and followed the elderly lady.
When she stepped into Paul’s office, he sat behind his desk. The moment he saw her, he jumped up, stepped around her, and closed the door. Then he swung around, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her.
After a few moments, she pulled her head away. “Eh, Mr. Cunningham, I don’t think this type of office conduct is allowed.”
He smiled. “I don’t care. I missed you.”
She laughed. “I missed you too. How are the kids?”
He looked deep into her eyes. “They miss you. Did you have time to think over my offer?”
She nodded. “I have, and yes, I accept.”
His smile lit up his face. “Marvelous. The kids are going to bust with excitement when I tell them.”
Lucy laughed, and then his lips caressed hers as they engaged in more inappropriate office conduct.

Chapter 10

By Saturday morning Lucy had her few possessions packed into two boxes and one suitcase. When she arrived at the apartment three months earlier, she only had the suitcase. The sun barely crept over the horizon when there was a knock on the door.
She opened the door and Paul smiled at her. “I thought you might still be sleeping?”
Lucy shook her head. “Not a chance. You said you would be early.”
Paul hired a small moving truck to help her move her things. She was embarrassed when she pointed at the three items to be loaded, but Paul didn’t bat an eye. Two big guys from the moving company grabbed the boxes and suitcase and headed down the stairs.
Lucy paused in the doorway and stared back into the empty apartment. She sighed and closed the door behind her. She felt no attachment to the place. She smiled at Paul, who took her hand and led her down the stairs.
When they arrived, Nikki and Tyler ran out to welcome her. Lucy half expected Nikki to give her the cold shoulder again, but the moment Lucy opened the passenger door, Nikki threw her arms around her.
Paul directed the movers where to place Lucy’s stuff. Lucy walked into her room, which felt warm and inviting. After the movers left, she fell back on the bed with her arms widespread.
When she heard Paul laugh from the doorway, she jumped to her feet.
He pointed at the boxes. “If there is stuff you want to store, we have a storage room in the basement.”
She nodded and threw her arms around his neck. “Thank you, Paul.”
Paul shook his head. “No need to thank me. Besides, I should be thanking you. With your bubbly personality you bring sunshine and laughter into this house, something that was seriously lacking.”
By that afternoon, Lucy was settled in her new room. Her few items of clothing seemed to get lost in the huge closet. All the small extras she bought for the kitchen in her small apartment remained in a box that was stored in the basement.
When Lucy joined Paul and the children in the kitchen, she noticed an unknown elderly woman. Paul introduced her as his housekeeper, Elsa Lopez.
The plump woman with the grey curly hair looked anxiously at the new addition to the house.
Lucy smiled and took the woman’s hand in hers. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Elsa.”
The elderly woman smiled, which caused her eyes to wrinkle with pleasure. “Welcome, Miss Lucy.”
Inwardly, Elsa breathed a sigh of relief. When she heard that Paul had a new girlfriend, and that the woman would be moving in with them, she feared another woman like Sharon, which she didn’t like. But Lucy seemed like a breath of fresh air, and her greeting was warm and sincere.
The arrival of Lucy in the Cunningham household brought about a few changes. Every morning they had breakfast together and every evening they dined together. Weekends were spent with the kids.
Lucy’s youthful exuberance was contagious and soon she had the children running, laughing and playing. Even Paul was roped into games with the children, something he had never done before. The mansion had a huge lawn area, and Lucy made sure they used it for things other than admiring the good job of the groundskeeper.
Every week day Lucy travelled to work with Paul. Elsa noted that he was home a lot more and didn’t travel for business. Rumors of Paul and Lucy’s relationship started to circulate around the office.
Lucy made sure her work was exemplary. She didn’t want anybody to point fingers at her and accuse her of preferential treatment. Of course that didn’t stop the bitch-clique. Helen, the leader, often gave Lucy the evil eye, but Lucy responded with a friendly greeting and kind smile.
“I don’t know why you’re so friendly with them,” Cheryl said with indignity one morning in the coffee room.
Lucy smiled. “My mother said that I should always be friendly to my enemies. That way they won’t know what to expect from you.”
“Gmf,” Cheryl snorted. “My mother said to scratch their eyes out.”
Lucy laughed and her eyes sparkled with happiness.
Cheryl placed a hand on top of Lucy’s. “I can see that you are happy, and that warms my heart.”
Lucy nodded. “I am. Paul and the kids are wonderful. It is so much more than I could ever have dreamt off.”
Cheryl frowned and took a sip of her coffee. Her friend sure was an enigma. She knew Lucy was hiding a dark secret from her past, but she accepted her as she was and never pressed for more information. She knew Lucy would share with her when she was ready.
Two weeks after Lucy took residency in Paul’s house, that morning at breakfast, Paul stared at her.
“What?” Lucy asked while she buttered a piece of toast.
Paul sighed. “I received a call from my mother last night. I have to go to Chicago today. Will you be okay to drive the car to the office?”
Lucy froze and paled. “What? Eh, no. Paul, I have never driven such a big car in city traffic. I’ll be a nervous wreck. If you don’t mind, I’ll rather take the SUV.”
Paul frowned. “Technically the SUV is bigger than my car.”
Lucy shrugged. “That might be, but I will feel more secure in the SUV.”
Half an hour later, Lucy sat behind the wheel of the Lexus GX460. She had driven her father’s pickup truck before, which was much bigger than the SUV, but never had she driven something so luxurious.
By the time she reached the office, she was over her nerves and much more comfortable behind the wheel. She parked the vehicle in Paul’s reserved bay in the underground parking garage of the office building and took the elevator to her floor.
By the time Lucy sat down for a cup of coffee with Cheryl, Paul stepped off the private jet in Chicago. A black Mercedes waited near the private hanger.
Paul sighed as he recognized his mother’s car. The driver opened the door, and he slid into the back seat next to the woman dressed in a business suite. She was flipping through a company folder on her lap.
“Morning, Mother,” Paul said.
“Morning,” his mother responded. “I have to go into the office today and thought I might as well give you a ride.”
Paul frowned and looked at his mother. He knew her well enough to know there was more to her gesture than just goodwill.
“Are you still bringing the children this weekend?” she asked.
Paul bit his lip and nodded. He forgot this was the weekend the kids were to visit his parents.
“I spoke to Nicole a few nights ago,” Victoria continued. “You have that woman staying with you now?”
Paul didn’t like the direction of the conversation. “Yes, in her own room.”
Victoria looked at her son over the rim of her glasses. “I want to meet her.”
Paul’s heart skipped a beat. “Sure.”
His mother returned her attention to the folder in her lap. “You can bring her along this weekend when you bring the kids.”
Victoria considered that matter settled and started talking about plans they had for the company. Paul only listened with half an ear. He stared through the window at the passing buildings without seeing them. His outer calm did not reflect the turmoil he felt inside. It was time to share his secret with Lucy.
He arrived back home only a few minutes after Lucy.
“Hi, Honey,” she said when he walked through the door and she threw her arms around him.
When their lips eventually separated, Paul smiled. “I think I love this homecoming. Maybe I should go on trips more often.”
Lucy wagged a finger under his nose. “Don’t you dare.”
Paul laughed and pulled her back into his arms. Their lips met again.
“How’s your parents?” Lucy asked when Paul lifted his head.
The smile disappeared from Paul’s face. “They are fine.” He paused for a moment. “They want to meet you.”
Lucy took his briefcase and laid it on the table by the entrance. “Really? Okay, but you need to go wash up. Dinner is ready.”
After the kids went to bed, Lucy made her and Paul each a cup of hot chocolate and carried it into the living room. Every night they would curl up together on the loveseat and watch something on TV together.
That night however, the television was turned off and Paul was seated on the single-seat. Lucy paused in the doorway. She stared at Paul with a frown on her face. He sat with his elbows resting on his knees and a worried look on his face.
Lucy held out his cup. “Is everything alright?”
He took both cups from her and placed them on the coffee table next to him. “Please have a seat. There’s something I have to tell you.”
Lucy’s heart started to beat wildly. For a moment she thought he found out about her secret and that her world was about to come crashing around her. She took a seat opposite him.
He leaned forward and took her hands in his. “Before I tell you what I have to say, I just want you to know that I love you very much.”
Confusion played on Lucy’s face. “I love you too, Paul. What’s this all about?”
Paul sighed and took a deep breath. “Do you know Carlton and Victoria Cunningham?”
Lucy frowned. “Sure. I mean, I haven’t met them personally, but who hasn’t heard of them? They are the richest and one of the most powerful couples in the country. They are also the majority shareholders of the place where we work.”
Paul nodded. “Yes, they are. And they are also my parents.”
Lucy paled. For a moment she stared at Paul without comprehension. Then her mind started to race. She searched through the archives of her memory for anything she read in the magazines about the wealthy Cunningham family.
There were plenty of articles about Carlton and Victoria Cunningham, but not much about their children. They made sure to keep their sons out of the spotlight.
Lucy swallowed hard and spoke in a small voice. “That’s who I have to meet this weekend?”
Paul sighed. “Unfortunately, yes.”
“I don’t understand. Why do you who you are a secret?” she asked.
He shrugged. “This way people treat me as Paul, just another guy. If they knew, I will be the son of Carlton Cunningham and nobody would see me for me.”
“Nobody at work knows?”
Paul shook his head. “No, they don’t, and if you don’t mind, I prefer to keep it that way. Please don’t tell anyone.”
Lucy, now over her initial shock, gave a shy smile. “Not even Cheryl?”
He nodded. “Yes, okay, you can tell her, but make sure she doesn’t tell anyone else.”
She stared into Paul’s eyes. There was no denying it. She loved him with all her heart. The fact that he was of a very wealthy family had nothing to do with that. To the contrary, she felt intimidated by the new-found information.
“But why here?” she asked.
Paul shrugged. “After Sharon’s death, I wanted to start a new life for me and the kids. Although I can’t escape it, I don’t want to live in the shadow of my family’s name. My mother was determined to find me another wife, but I wanted to find someone on my own, someone who will love me and my children for who we are, and not for my family’s money.”
He placed a gentle hand to the side of her face. “And now I have found someone that’s very special to me. I just hope that who my family is won’t scare you away.”
Lucy placed her hands over his, hugged his hand to her face, and closed her eyes. She could not have asked for anything better, but did she really deserve it? Would he still feel the same way if he knew her secret?
Part of her just wanted to carry on living the dream, but she knew that they could not be truly happy while the sword of her past hung over them.
She kissed his hand and then lowered it into her lap while staring into her eyes. “Paul, it doesn’t make any difference to me. I love you with all my heart, but I think before we take this any further, there’s something about me that you need to know.”
Paul smiled. “That you’re awesome? I already know that?”
Lucy blushed, but kept a straight face. When he noticed the serious set of her eyes, the smile melted from his face.
He moved to the edge of his seat. “This sounds serious. Okay, I’m ready. Tell me.”
She stared at his face, taking in every line. This might be the last time she got to be this close to him. After that night, he might never want to see her again.
Lucy leaned forward and kissed Paul. He felt the trembling of her lips under his, and when he pulled back, a lone tear ran down her cheek.
“Lucy?” he said, but she held up a hand.
“This is very important. I have to tell you. You deserve to know,” she said in a soft whisper.
Paul sat back in the chair, but the worry didn’t leave his face. “Okay, let’s hear it.”
Lucy clasped her hands together in her lap. Her heart pounded in her chest. She knew that once she uttered the words, it was not something she could take back. What happened in the next few minutes could change her life forever.
She cleared her throat, then lifted her head and looked Paul in the eyes. “I’m not sure where to start, but here goes. When I was around five or six, I realized I …”
A sharp, piercing yell coming from upstairs sounded through the house. For a moment, Paul and Lucy looked at each other.
“Nikki!” Paul said, jumped up, and sprinted for the stairs with Lucy following close behind.
When he reached Nikki’s room, he yanked open the door and flipped on the light.
The young girl sat straight up in her bed. Her face was filled with shock while tears ran down her cheeks.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” Paul asked.
Nikki didn’t pay any attention to her father. She stared straight passed him into Lucy’s eyes.
Then she held out her arms. “Lucy?”

Chapter 11

Lucy looked at the frightened young girl on the bed. Nikki’s eyes were filled with fear and tears were not far. She held her arms out to Lucy, who pushed passed Paul. She took a seat on the edge of the bed and wrapped her arms around the distraught girl.
“It’s alright. Everything is fine,” Lucy said in a soft, soothing voice.
Nikki threw her arms around Lucy. A bewildered Paul looked on as Lucy comforted his daughter. After a few moments the girl calmed down.
“Did you have a bad dream?” Lucy asked.
Nikki nodded. “You and Daddy had a fight, and he made you leave. He said that you had to go away like Mommy did.”
Paul kneeled next to the bed and took his daughter’s hand. “Nikki, it was just a dream. I love Lucy and would never ask her to leave.”
Nikki wiped away a last remaining tear from her cheek. “Promise?”
Paul nodded. “I promise. Now go back to sleep.”
The girl lay back down against her pillows, but grabbed Lucy’s hand. “Will you stay with me a while?”
Lucy looked at Paul and then smiled at the girl. “Sure, I’ll stay awhile.”
Half an hour later, when Paul looked in on them, they were both asleep. Lucy lay on top of the covers, but Nikki, in a deep, peaceful sleep, was nestled against her chest. Paul walked to the closet and retrieved a spare blanket which he draped over Lucy, careful not to wake her.
In the doorway, he paused a moment, and looked at the two sleeping figures on the bed. He smiled, turned off the light, and headed to his bedroom.
The following morning when Lucy came down for breakfast, Paul kissed her good morning. “We didn’t get to finish our conversation last night.”
Lucy nodded. “Maybe we can continue tonight?”
But that afternoon when they got home, they found that Nikki had a school assignment due, and for the next two days Lucy helped the girl to finish the project. The rest of the week flew by without another opportunity to have their talk.
With the weekend approaching fast, by Thursday Lucy was a nervous wreck.
“What’s the matter with you?” Cheryl asked while they were seated in the coffee room.
Lucy sighed. “We are going to Chicago this weekend to visit Paul’s parents.”
“Ah,” Cheryl said. “You are nervous about meeting them?”
Lucy took a sip of her coffee. “At first, I was actually quite excited about meeting them, but then he told me who his parents really are. Now I’m scared.”
Cheryl frowned. “I don’t understand. Are his parents famous?”
Lucy threw a nervous glance around the room to make sure nobody could overhear their conversation. “You can say that. I should have put two and two together when he told me he was from Chicago.”
Cheryl shook her head. “I still don’t get it.”
Lucy took a deep breath. “Promise to keep this just between us?”
Her friend was getting impatient. “Yeah, yeah, I promise. Now out with it.”
“His parents are none other than Carlton and Victoria Cunningham,” Lucy said after a slight pause.
Cheryl’s eyes widened. “You mean THE Cunninghams?”
When Lucy nodded, Cheryl shook her head in disbelief. “But Paul is such an ordinary guy. He could be vice-president of this company. What is he doing working as a senior manager here?”
“He wanted a life free from the shadow of his family name, which is why he took this position where nobody knows who he really is.”
Cheryl shook her head. “Carlton Cunningham always insisted on keeping his private life private and you never read about their children, so I suppose that was easy to do.”
For a moment, they sipped on their coffee in stunned silence, and then Cheryl slapped Lucy on the arm. “Lucy, do you know what this means?”
Lucy frowned. “That I’m going to be a nervous wreck the weekend?”
“Girl, you hit the jackpot. The mother lode. If you marry Paul, you never have to work again.”
Lucy placed her empty mug on the table. “If Paul asks me to marry him, I will say yes because I love him and his children, not because of his money.”
Cheryl grinned. “Yeah, I know.”
A dark cloud moved across Lucy face. “Besides, before that happens, there are a lot of things we have to set straight first. There is something about me he needs to know. I keep trying to tell him, but every time something interrupts us.”
Cheryl leaned back in her chair. “Maybe you should try it out on me first.”
Lucy thought about it for a moment and then nodded. As she opened her mouth to speak, two ladies walked into the break room. Lucy looked at her friend and shrugged.
As they walked out of the break room, Cheryl turned to Lucy and smiled. “Maybe that’s a sign. The universe doesn’t want you to tell your secret.”
Lucy mulled over Cheryl’s words, but she knew if there was any future for her and Paul, she had to tell him.
Saturday morning, it was still dark outside when Paul loaded their bags into the SUV and drove them to the nearby private airfield. He drove to a hanger at the far end of the airfield.
The door to the hanger stood open, and Paul steered the SUV inside.
Lucy noticed the private jet and her eyes widened. “We’re going in THAT? I thought we’re driving to Chicago?”
Paul smiled. “Nah, driving takes too long. Being a Cunningham does have certain advantages.”
As they got out of the car, a pilot in a white Captain’s uniform emerged from the plane and extended his hand to Paul. “Good morning, Mr. Cunningham. She’s ready to fly.”
Paul shook hands with the pilot. “Morning, Andre. This is my girlfriend, Lucy Campbell.”
He turned to Lucy. “Andre has been flying for the family for over ten years. He’s an excellent pilot.”
Lucy nodded a greeting to the pilot, but she couldn’t manage to stop herself from smiling. It was the first time that Paul introduced her to someone as his girlfriend.
The Captain led them inside and secured the door behind them. When they were seated in the soft, leather seats of the luxurious Gulfstream G200, a stewardess made sure they were buckled in. Once she was happy she gave the Captain a thumbs-up, and he maneuvered the plane out of the hanger to the runway.
When they were in the air, the stewardess offered them something to drink. Lucy was taking it all in. Her only other flight was commercial, and they flew economy class. This was a big step up from that.
Paul watched as she stared at everything in wonder.
He smiled. “Is this your first time flying?”
Lucy shook her head. “No. When I was eighteen I flew to Canada with my parents, but it was nothing like this.”
Paul nodded. “This Jet belongs to the family. It sure is something else.”
Less than an hour later, they landed at another private airfield on the outskirts of Chicago. The pilot steered the plane into a private hanger where a black SUV waited for them. The driver loaded their luggage, and once they were seated, took off.
Paul took Lucy’s hand. “Are you nervous?”
She stared into Paul’s eyes for a moment and then nodded. “I’m scared stiff. Meeting your parents is like meeting royalty.”
Paul shrugged. “I guess I don’t view them like other people do. To me they are my parents. Dad has a ruthless reputation as a businessman, but as a father he’s quite a softy. My brother and I could always get away with more from him than my mother. Her on the other hand …”
He looked over his shoulder as if he half expected her to stand behind him. “Mother is set in her ways. She comes from a family that’s used to looking down on other people. She wants everything her way. Thank goodness Dad was there to teach us the other side of life.”
Lucy eyes widened. “If this is meant to make me feel better, it’s not working.”
He kissed the top of her fingers. “I don’t want you to feel offended by her brash demeanor. She doesn’t like anyone. Just know that I love you. That is all that matters.”
The knot in Lucy’s stomach tightened, but she nodded at Paul and smiled.
He noticed the smile didn’t reach her eyes. Paul closed his eyes and said a silent prayer. It would be a miracle if his mother approved of Lucy, but he was under no illusions and knew it was unlikely to happen. He just wanted to get through the day.
The driver turned and drove through the open black gates. An overhanging wrought iron arch announced that they now entered the Cunningham Estate. Lucy’s eyes widened. The place made Paul’s house look small in comparison. Leafy green trees lined the driveway that snaked toward the house that looked like a palace.
The sturdy three-story building shouted elegance, which was surrounded by a well-kept garden. The driver stopped the car in front of the main entrance and then jumped out to open the door.
The children piled out first, followed by Lucy and Paul. He took her hand and gave her an encouraging smile. Nikki and Tyler knew better than to run ahead and waited for Paul and Lucy. Together they entered through the huge oak doors.
Lucy’s heart thundered in her chest as they stepped into the lobby. A woman stepped in from a side door. She was dressed in an elegant gray and white suit.
Tyler rushed forward and threw his arms around her legs. “Hello, Grandma.”
The woman had a disapproving look on her face, but she patted the head of the young boy. “Good morning, Tyler.”
Nikki was more reserved in her approached. She walked up to her grandmother, but didn’t hug her. “Hello, Grandma.”
The woman nodded. “Morning, Nicole. Are you well?”
Nikki glanced at Lucy and smiled. “Yes, very well thank you.”
With their greetings done, the kids ran off to find their grandfather.
Paul stepped forward and kissed his mother on the cheek. “Morning, Mother.”
He stepped back and put his hand on Lucy’s back. “Mother, may I introduce you to Lucy Campbell?”
For the first time since they entered the house, Victoria looked directly at the young woman at her son’s side.
Piercing gray eyes stared at her, but although she trembled from head to toe, Lucy held the stare.
Paul continued. “Lucy, this is my mother, Victoria Cunningham.”
Victoria didn’t make a move toward her, and Lucy in return didn’t as much as offer her hand.
She simply nodded and spoke in a soft, pleasant voice. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Cunningham.”
Paul sensed the tension between the two women. “Where’s Dad?”
Victoria answered without taking her eyes of Lucy. “He is probably in the billiards room, like always.”
Paul took Lucy’s hand. “Let’s go find my father.”
He led her up the stairs, down a short hallway, and into another room. A huge billiards table stood in the centre of the room. To the right was a small bar, and to the left in an open area, a normal sized pool table that looked out of place in the otherwise elegant room.
A middle-aged man sat on a lounge chair near the bar with his two grandkids on his knees. His hairline had receded to the back of his head, and his bald head shone under the lights of the room. He had the same brown eyes as his son, and when he noticed Paul and Lucy, a friendly smile broke out on his face.
When he rose to his feet, he was as tall as Paul.
“Hey, Dad,” Paul greeted his father.
Lucy watched the embrace between father and son. Paul was much warmer and casual toward his father than with his mother.
Carlton looked at Lucy with interest. “Is this the young lady you told me about?”
Paul looked at Lucy with pride. “Dad, this is Lucy Campbell. Lucy, this is my dad, Carlton Cunningham.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Cunningham,” Lucy said.
Carlton waved a hand in the air. “I’m only Mr. Cunningham at the office. Carlton will do.”
The warmth and friendliness of Paul’s father took Lucy by surprise. For the rest of the morning, Lucy observed the relationship Paul had with his parents. With his father he chatted in a casual and friendly manner, but when he talked to his mother, it was in a more formal tone. It didn’t take long for Lucy to realize Victoria Cunningham ruled that family.
Later that morning, Paul played a game of pool with his dad on the small pool table, while Nikki showed Lucy the elaborate dollhouse that was in her room. It was a three-story work of elegant beauty with every piece in it handmade.
Lucy was almost too scared to touch it, afraid that she might break something.
“Wow, this is beautiful,” Lucy said. “I bet you play with it all the time.”
Nikki shook her head. “No. It was a gift from Grandmother and I mostly look at it. I am too scared to play with it. If something breaks, she will be upset.”
Before Lucy could say anything, Victoria’s voice sounded behind them. “I had it specially made for Nicole by famed Austrian builder, Helmut Puchner.”
Lucy bit her lip. She was about to say something to Nikki that was sure to land her in hot water if it was overheard by Victoria Cunningham. “It sure is very beautiful.”
Victoria ignored the comment. “Join me downstairs for a cup of tea.”
Without waiting for an answer, she turned and left the room.
Lucy waited until Victoria was out of earshot and then bent down to Nikki and whispered. “Am I in trouble?”
Nikki shrugged. “I don’t know, but you better not make her wait.”
Lucy jumped up and followed the lady down the stairs to Victoria’s favorite lounge. Victoria took a seat in her usual chair, and indicated for Lucy to sit. Once Lucy was seated, Victoria poured them each a cup of tea from the tray on the coffee table.
She handed Lucy a cup. “So you have a romantic interest in my son?”
Lucy took a sip from the tea, and had to use all her self-control not to spit out the strange tasting tea. She placed the cup and saucer on the side table next to her. “Yes, I do. Paul is wonderful.”

Chapter 12

Victoria stared at Lucy with a stern look in her grey eyes, her thin lips pulled into a pout. “Do you really think that you will fit into our world?”
Paul’s mother was direct, and Lucy expected nothing less.
She shook her head. “No, I don’t, and probably never will, but I do fit into Paul and the children’s lives.”
Victoria placed her cup in the tray on the coffee table. “Interesting that you mention the children. So you want to come into their lives to replace their mother?”
Lucy’s eyes narrowed. She didn’t like the stance of intimidation Paul’s mother took. For most of her life Lucy had to content with bullies, and she learned early on in her life how to deal with them.
She pushed her chin forward. “That is not my intention. Nobody can replace their mother. I just want to be part of their lives and enjoy every moment with them.”
“And what will happen to them when you have children of your own?” Victoria asked.
The question took Lucy by surprise. Shock registered on her face, and then a sadness filled her eyes.
She lowered her gaze. “I will never be able to have children of my own.”
Victoria stared at her for a moment, but the grey eyes remained stern without any compassion. “Getting a ready-made family must be a dream come true then?”
Lucy lifted her head and stared at Victoria. “Don’t you think you’re jumping the gun? Paul hasn’t even indicated that he wants to marry me. At the moment, I’m just a friend.”
Victoria held her thin index finger in the air. “Ah, but I know my son. That is exactly his plan. He wouldn’t have brought you here if he wasn’t serious about your relationship.”
The information took Lucy by surprise, and she had to fight hard to keep a straight face. Outwardly she remained calm, but her innards went wild. It felt like her stomach did a flip while her heart jumped with joy.
“Did you tell my son that you can’t have children?” Victoria asked.
The words were like ice water on Lucy’s happiness. She sighed. “No, we haven’t discussed it yet.”
Victoria had a smug look on her face. “And how do you think he will take that news?”
Lucy shrugged. “I don’t know, but that is something Paul and I will deal with. It is no business of anybody else.”
Victoria took another sip of tea. “I hope that is true and you are not just after him for his money.”
Lucy turned red in the face as her anger raised to the surface, but she fought hard to keep her voice soft and even. “What is that supposed to mean?”
Victoria glared at Lucy for a moment, but Lucy held her stare. If it was the elder woman’s intention to intimidate her son’s girlfriend, it didn’t succeed.
“My son is a good catch for any young woman. His money and his standing in society will be a lure to many women,” Victoria said.
Lucy nodded. “That is true. Paul is indeed a good catch, but until yesterday, I had no idea he was part of THE Cunningham family. I don’t love him for his money. I love him because he is an incredible man. He must have gotten that from his father.”
When Paul walked into the lounge, he found his mother and Lucy glaring at each other. His first instinct was to turn and run, but his love for Lucy prompted him to rescue her from his mother’s clutches.
“Are everything okay here?” he asked.
His mother turned and looked at him. Victoria knew she had to handle the issue with a delicate touch. Paul was always rebellious and followed his own head.
“Everything is fine,” she said.
Paul looked at his girlfriend. “Lucy?”
She sat with a straight back and her smile was strained. “We are just getting to know each other.”
The tension in the air reached out and grabbed Paul by the throat. He swallowed hard. “Mother, do you mind if I borrow Lucy for a second?”
For a moment, Victoria almost told him she wasn’t done yet, but then she nodded. “Of course. We can continue our conversation at a later time.”
Paul offered Lucy his hand. She smiled at her knight in shining armor and took his hand.
He led her outside to a rose garden. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Lucy looked at Paul and nodded. She had to fight the urge to tell him she thought his mother was the spawn of the devil.
Paul sighed. “The kids love their grandfather, but also feel uncomfortable around my mother. Nikki already asked me when we’re going home.”
Lucy bent down to smell a perfect red rose. It had no smell. “When are we going home?”
Paul smiled. “I don’t think any of us could stand to spend the night, so we’ll be leaving this afternoon.”
Lucy breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you.”
Paul pulled her into his arms. He planted a kiss and then looked into her eyes. “For you, I would kill the bull.”
She laughed. “That won’t be necessary.”
She lay her head against his chest and savored the moment. In his arms, she felt safe. Lucy sighed. The longer she waited to tell him her secret, the more she had to lose, but that was not the time or place to do it.
Lucy placed a gentle hand against his chest and pushed away. “How much of my conversation with your mother did you hear?”
Paul shook his head. “I didn’t hear anything. When I walked in, you and mother were glaring at each other. What was all that about?”
She tugged at her hair and blushed. “Among other things, she asked me how I would treat Nikki and Tyler if you and I had a child.”
Paul frowned. “It was not something we discussed yet, but knowing you, that won’t be a problem. What did you tell her?”
She looked at him and had to fight back the tears that welled behind her lids. “Paul, I can’t have children.”
For a moment he stared at her and then pulled her close to him as he wrapped his arms around her. “Lucy, that doesn’t matter.”
“Are you sure?”
He lowered his head and kissed her deeply. “Yes, I’m sure. Besides, if we want more children we can always adopt. There is always a bundle of love somewhere that needs a loving home. If it can work for Brad and Angelina, it can work for us.”
Lucy’s eyes widened. “You know Brad and Angelina?”
Paul nodded. “I’ve met them a few times. Brad’s involved in charity work, and our family made a few donations over the years. I even played golf with him once, but he’s a terrible golfer. He would be better if he didn’t pull so many pranks on the course.”
She shook her head. He talked about celebrities like they were every-day people, which in his world, they were.
As a thought struck him, he frowned. “Is this the big secret you wanted to tell me?”
Shock registered on her face and her knees wobbled. She had to clear her throat before she could speak. “It’s part of it.”
His voice was soft and gentle. “Do you want to tell me the rest of it?”
She considered it, but then shook her head. “Not here.”
He smiled and kissed her again. “If you want, you can tell me when we get home, but nothing you say can make me love you any less.”
That was something she desperately wanted to hear and wanted to believe, but she had her doubts.
It was late in the afternoon when they said goodbye to Paul’s parents. Lucy received a warm hug from Carlton.
He turned to his son. “You must bring her and the children again real soon. They sure bring life to this dull old place.”
Lucy made no move toward Victoria, and the two women merely nodded at each other, a gesture that didn’t escape Paul or his father.
When their plane was in the air on their way back home, Paul turned to Lucy. “So, what do you think of my parents?”
Lucy smiled. “Your father is nothing like I pictured. On the covers of the magazines he always looks so formidable, but he’s adorable. I like him.”
Paul laughed. “That’s my mother’s doing. He’s actually a pussycat with a heart of gold, but few people get to see that side of him.”
He paused for a moment. “I hope my mother didn’t scare you away from our family.”
Lucy looked at Nikki and Tyler, who were stretched out on the long couch of the plane and already fast asleep.
She shook her head. “Your mother sure is something else, but to me, all that matters are you and the kids.”
A look of relief crossed Paul’s face. “I’m glad you see it that way, because I know my mother can be intimidating. She rules the Cunningham family with an iron hand, but I won’t let her interfere in my life. Not again.”
Lucy stared at Paul. For the first time since she met him, he sounded bitter, but when he looked up, it evaporated like mist in the sun.
He took her hand in his and kissed it. “Seeing that we’re getting home early, maybe we can catch a game of golf tomorrow, or do you have something else in mind?”
She stared at the man that she loved with all her being. “No, I thought we would only return tomorrow so I have nothing in mind. Golf will be fun.”
Monday morning, Lucy was sitting at her desk, browsing through the weekend’s production reports without seeing anything, when Cheryl’s voice yanked her from her deep thoughts.
“Good morning, Luce. How was your weekend?”
Lucy smiled as she realized that Cheryl was burning to know how the visit with Paul’s parents went. “Mine was interesting. How was yours?”
Cheryl waved a hand in the air. “Never mind my boring weekend. I want to hear all about yours.”
When they were seated in the break room with a steamy cup of coffee, Lucy relayed the details of her visit to Chicago. Cheryl’s eyes widened when Lucy told her about the private plane, but didn’t say a word. She didn’t want to interrupt and soaked up Lucy’s every word.
Cheryl waited until Lucy finished her story before she spoke. “What a bitch. What did Paul say about his mother’s welcome to you?”
Lucy shrugged. “I didn’t share the whole story with him. Just the part about me not being able to have children.”
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “Luce, I’m so sorry to hear that.”
Lucy smiled, but her eyes were sad. “Don’t be. I knew from a young age that I will never be able to have children of my own, and I made peace with that.”
Cheryl took a sip from her coffee. “Well, at least that’s out in the open now.”
The rest of the week, both Paul and Lucy were busy at work and only got to spend an hour or two in each other’s company every night. After they tucked the kids into bed, they would go downstairs, and Lucy would curl up in Paul’s arms. Sometimes they would talk about their day, or discuss something one of the children did, and sometimes they would pretend to watch something on television.
With every passing night, the sexual tension between them grew. One night, as Lucy joined Paul on the couch, he put his arm around her like he always did. This time however, his right hand was under her left breast, while his thumb came to rest against the soft, fleshy part below her nipple.
Neither of them said a word. Time stood still while images flashed across the television screen, but they didn’t notice. From where Paul’s thumb touched her breast, a tingling heat started and radiated through the rest of her body.
Her heart beat wildly, and she had to concentrate hard to keep her breathing even. His touch invoked a pleasant sensation she had never felt before. Her mind told her to move his hand, but her body refused to obey.
The moment Paul placed his hand, he became painfully aware of its position. He waited a few seconds for Lucy to say something, but when she didn’t, he left his hand where it was.
Every nerve in his body went numb as it all concentrated on his hand. He felt the soft texture of her breast through her T-shirt and noticed that she wasn’t wearing a bra. Without moving a muscle, he was aware of the curve, and had to resist the urge to take it into his hand.
He felt light-headed and realized he was holding his breath. He took a slow breath, and his nostrils drank in the smell of her apple shampoo. His manhood strained against the restrictions of his pants.
Because her senses around his touch were heightened, Lucy could feel the slight tremble in his hand. She sat up, causing his hand to slip lower and off her breast. She looked into his eyes and noticed the hunger burning.
“Sorry,” he said with a trembling voice.
Lucy placed a soft hand against the side of his face. “Don’t be.”
Her hand moved to the back of his head and pull his lips toward hers. His lips melted onto hers, sending a shiver of pleasure through her body. She leaned back against the couch, and he followed without breaking the kiss.
Paul moved his hand and cupped her breast, sending fresh pulses of electricity through her body.
Their kiss lasted a few moments before Lucy pulled her head back, gasping for breath. Paul dropped his hand and wanted to lean back, away from her, but she grabbed onto him and held him against her.
He whispered in her ear. “Are you okay?”
She twisted her fingers through his hair. “This is my first time, so please be gentle.”
His brows knitted together but his voice remained soft. “Are you sure?”
Lucy pulled back. “That it’s my first time? Yes, I’m sure.”
Paul smiled. “No, I mean, are you sure we should make love? You’re not saving yourself for marriage or something?”
She stared into his eyes. The fire in hers was reflected in his. “The only reason I waited was because I haven’t found the right man. Yes, I’m sure.”
Paul turned his head and looked up the stairs. “Maybe we should go to my room. One of the kids might walk in on us here.”
They got up from the couch. Paul took her hand in his, and led her up to stairs to his bedroom.

Chapter 13

Lucy opened her eyes, and for a moment she was disorientated. She was in a strange room in a strange bed. She became aware of the warm, naked body next to her, and she smiled.
She lay with her head on Paul’s shoulder and had her hand on his chest. His arm was draped around her shoulder. Lucy turned her head and looked toward the window. Light from the new day started to filter through the drawn curtains.
The events from the previous night flooded her memory. Paul was such a gentleman and made love to her in such a gentle, kind way. A sudden thought entered her mind and she sat up in bed.
Her movement woke Paul. He stretched and then reached for her. “Good morning, my sweetheart. Did you sleep well?”
She wiped her eyes. “What sleep? You kept me up most of the night.”
He lifted his upper body into a sitting position and stared at her. “I didn’t hear you complain last night.”
She laughed and pushed him down. “No, my darling. No complaints from me.”
Paul leaned on his elbow with his head resting on his hand. “That was not bad for your first time.”
Lucy blushed. “Or for my second and third time.”
He pulled her closer and kissed her neck. “Are you ready for your fourth?”
Lucy giggled, but jumped out of bed. “You will corrupt little old innocent me. I need to get back to my room. The kids will be up soon.”
Paul glanced at the door. “Mmmm. Yes, I don’t want them to find a strange woman in my bed.”
Lucy searched the floor for her T-shirt and shorts. Paul flipped on the light. He leaned on one elbow, staring at her with a smile on his face.
She became painfully aware of her nakedness. “What are you staring at?”
“Perfection.”
Lucy blushed, found her clothes and put them on in a hurry.
Paul snickered. “If you go out like that, the kids will know something is up.”
Lucy frowned. “What do you mean?”
He pointed at her top. “Your T-shirt is inside-out and backwards.”
She blushed, took it off, and put it back on in the correct manner. She jumped onto the bed on her knees and hovered over Paul. “Thank you for an unforgettable night.”
She leaned down and kissed him. He reached for her, but she jumped out of his reach. “I better go now.”
Paul slumped back against the pillows. “I hope this was the first of many nights for us.”
A serious look crossed Lucy’s face. “I hope so too, but before we sleep together again, there’s something I need to tell you.”
The smile faded from Paul’s face and he sat up. “That sounds serious.”
Lucy looked at him and then nodded. “It kind of is.”
Before he could say another word, she disappeared through the door. She walked as quietly as she could down the hallway and sneaked into her room.
She plopped down on her bed. “Oh, Lucy. What have you gotten yourself into?”
Lucy looked at her profile in the mirror. Her hair was a mess. “You have to tell him. Before you sleep with him again, you have to tell him the truth.”
She sighed. “And then he will probably chase you away, but at least you had one night that you will cherish forever.”
The thought of the possibility that she might have to leave, caused a tear to run down her cheek. She wiped it away, then jumped of the bed, and headed for the shower.
At breakfast she acted like nothing happened, and talked happily with the kids. Paul watched her with his children and smiled. When she put his glass of orange juice in front of him, she leaned in and gave him a kiss, much to the delight of Nikki and Tyler.
On their way to work, they dropped off the kids at school. When Paul stopped his car in the basement parking of their office building, he leaned over and kissed Lucy.
“You have a lovely day,” he said when he leaned back.
She smiled and wiped the traces of her lipstick from his lips. “You have a great day too.”
Lucy was sitting at her desk, staring at her computer monitor when Cheryl appeared next to her desk.
Her friend made herself comfortable on the edge of her desk. “What has you in such deep thoughts?”
A startled Lucy gave an embarrassed laugh when she noticed her friend. “Sorry, I didn’t see you walking in.”
“What’s with the serious face?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy sighed and shrugged. “Nothing. I need to tell Paul something. I’m contemplating how I’m going to do it.”
Cheryl stared at Lucy for a moment. “There’s something different about you this morning.”
Lucy jerked her head around, then touched the side of her cheek and gave a shy smile. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Cheryl frowned and wagged her finger at Lucy. “Yes. There’s definitely something different about you.”
With a finger under her chin she stared at Lucy. After a few moments, she waved her hands in front of Lucy’s face. “You’re glowing this morning like a pregnant woman. Only, I know it is not possible.”
Cheryl’s eyes widened, and she jumped of the desk. “Lucy. You got laid!”
Lucy turned twenty shades of red. “Shush. I don’t want the entire office to know.”
She glanced around nervously, but there was nobody in their vicinity that indicated they overheard her forward friend.
Cheryl grabbed Lucy’s hands in hers. “Luce, that’s great. Come one, girl. I want details.”
Lucy shook her head. “It was magical, but that’s all I’m willing to say.”
Cheryl pouted her lips. “You’re spoiling all my fun. Anyway, what are your plans for the weekend?”
Lucy shrugged. “Not sure what we’re doing tomorrow, but Sunday morning I’m playing golf with Paul.”
Cheryl frowned. “Why does it look like you suddenly took the world on your shoulders?”
Lucy sighed. “I have to talk to Paul this weekend and I’m scared.”
“Oh yes, your big secret. Will I ever find out what it is?” Cheryl asked.
A pang of guilt struck Lucy. She considered Cheryl her best friend, but was too scared to share her secret with her.
She placed a hand on Cheryl’s arm. “Whatever happens this weekend, I promise to tell you on Monday.”
Saturday morning, Paul and Lucy took the kids to the movies, followed by a picnic the afternoon. That evening, after the children went to bed, Lucy didn’t curl up in Paul’s arms as usual, but instead took a seat opposite him.
He saw the stress on Lucy’s face. “Is everything alright?”
She shook her head. “Paul, I have to tell you something. I’ve been trying to tell you since we first started dating, but something always came up. I can’t delay it any longer.”
He sat up on the couch. “Lucy, I told you before. It’s not necessary. I love you, and no matter what you tell me, it won’t change how I feel about you. I can see it causes you pain, and I say it again, you don’t have to tell me.”
Lucy looked down at her hands that were clasped together in her lap. “Yes, I have to tell you. You deserve to know.”
Paul’s cellphone started to ring and Lucy threw her hands in the air. He glanced at the phone and noticed it was a number from the office.
He held a finger in the air. “Hold that thought. I have to get this. It’s work.”
Lucy was close to tears. Her stomach was one big knot. Every time she got the courage to tell Paul, something interrupted them.
“What? How did this happen?” Paul said into the phone. “Okay, I’ll be there shortly.”
He lowered the phone and looked at Lucy. “Sorry, my darling, but there’s big trouble at the office. I have to go in for a few hours.”
Lucy choked back the tears and nodded.
Paul leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. “We’ll talk when I get back, okay?”
After Paul left, Lucy went up to her room and curled up on her bed, waiting for him to return, but it was well after midnight when he came home. He went to her room and found her asleep on her bed. Not wanting to wake her, he kissed her on the cheek and covered her with a blanket.
The next morning when he came downstairs, Lucy was sitting at the dining table nursing a cup of coffee.
“I didn’t hear you come in last night,” Lucy said.
He kissed her good morning. “It was late, and I didn’t want to wake you. Are you ready for our game today?”
She stared at him for a moment and then sighed. “Yes, but afterward, we need to have our talk. No more interruptions.”
Paul buttered a piece of toast. “The children will be visiting Sharon’s parents today, so it will be just you and me. I promise, no more interruptions. I will even turn off my cell.”
Lucy nodded and then went upstairs to get dressed for golf. The ride to the golf course was done in silence. Both could feel the tension between them.
As they entered the clubhouse, Lucy noticed the couple that walked toward them. It was Audrey, the ringleader of the bitch-clique from work, and her husband. When Lucy looked at Audrey’s husband, a jolt of shock ran through her body.
She recognized him instantly. Jack Armstrong. Not only was he the one person who made her high school life a misery, but he also knew her secret.
Lucy had to think fast, but her brain was numb. “Excuse me. I have to go to the change room.”
As she walked past Jack, she noticed the recognition in his eyes.
When she entered the bathroom, her heart was pounding against her ribs. Dare she hope that Jack would keep her secret? No chance.
For almost four years in high school he made it his personal mission to make her life a living misery until one day when she had enough. After another humiliation at his hands, she confronted him. A fight broke out and she broke his nose. Although from that day forward he left her alone, her current situation provided him an ideal opportunity for revenge.
She had to get back to Paul and make him take her home so she could tell him before he found out another way. She yanked open the bathroom door and stormed out. As she rounded the corner she froze.
Paul was talking to Jack, and he was as pale as a ghost. It was too late. Paul knew. Audrey stood with her arms folded and had a smug look on her face. Paul turned and looked at her. His face was a mixture of confusion and anger.
Lucy saw enough. She turned and ran. Only once she passed through the main entrance did she slow down to a walk. She tried to think, but her mind was filled with the picture of Paul’s face. She was two miles from the golf course when the silver Lexus pulled up next to her.
He followed her a few steps, but she didn’t want to look at him and she continued to walk. The car roared past her and then came to a halt.
Paul jumped out. “Where do you think you’re going?”
Lucy had no idea.
He pointed at the vehicle. “Get in the car.”
She glanced at the Lexus, but Paul’s voice was strained with anger and it scared her.
He took a step toward her. “I’m not telling you again.”
With a heart that was still beating wildly, she opened the door and sat in the passenger seat. Paul climbed into the driver seat, but didn’t start the car. His hands were on the steering wheel, which he gripped so tight the white of his knuckles showed.
He looked at her and his eyes were shooting darts. “Is it true?”
She looked down at her hands in her lap and nodded.
Paul stared at the road ahead. “Don’t you think this is something I needed to know from the start?”
Lucy didn’t look at him when she spoke. “I tried, but every time I got the courage to tell you, something came up.”
He wagged a finger at her. “No, this is something you make the time to tell.”
She lifted her head and looked him in the eyes. “It is not as easy as you think, but you’re right. I should have told you. Paul, this is what I wanted to tell you this afternoon. I am so sorry you had to find out this way.”
“I don’t think there’s any way this could have been good news for me. I don’t understand. That guy says your name is Luke and that you’re a man?”
She shook her head. “That was the name my parents gave me when I was born. I legally changed it when I was eighteen.”
“I’ve seen your personnel file. It says you’re female. Did you lie on your application?”
Lucy sighed. “No, I didn’t. I had the sex marker changed on my birth certificate after I completed my surgery.”
Paul frowned. “Is that even legal?”
She nodded. “I don’t know about here, but they did allow it in Texas. My dad helped me to obtain the court order needed to make the change.”
Shock crossed Paul’s face. “You mean your parents are okay with this?”
Lucy shrugged. “I knew I was different from other boys from about five or six. When I was diagnosed as transgender at the age of twelve, they fully supported me and helped me through my transition.”
A shiver ran through Paul. “I can’t believe I slept with another man.”
The hurt registered in Lucy’s eyes. “I’ve been a lot of things in my life, but I’ve never been a man. Hell, you’ve seen me naked. Do I look like a man? I’ve been female for as long as I can remember. For a while I had to endure having a few male parts, but my surgery fixed that. I’ve never even gone through puberty. After I was diagnosed, the doctor gave me testosterone blockers. If I could, I would have had the surgery when I was six, but the law doesn’t allow it. I had to wait until I was eighteen. That meant I could not be who I really was until I had the surgery, and that gave assholes like Jack Armstrong the right to belittle me at every opportunity.”
Paul stared at her for a moment. None of what she said registered. His anger overruled all other emotions.
“I cannot deal with this right now,” Paul said. He started the car and took off. The rest of the trip home was done in silence.

Chapter 14

The following morning, when Lucy opened her eyes, she lay in bed and stared at the ceiling. For a moment, she hoped everything that happened the previous day was only a dream, but her headache from all the crying during the night told her otherwise.
When they got home from the golf course, Paul didn’t say a word. She retreated to her bedroom and stayed there for the rest of the day. She expected him to tell her to pack her bags, but he didn’t. When the kids got home, Nikki noticed straight away that something was wrong between her father and Lucy.
Later, Nikki sat on the bed with Lucy. “Why is my father upset with you?”
Lucy looked at Nikki and had to bite her lip to stop the tears. “I kept a secret from him, and today he found out.”
Nikki jumped up and gave Lucy a hug. “Don’t worry. He will forgive you.”
Lucy shook her head. “I’m not so sure. He’s pretty mad at me.”
“Yes, he will,” Nikki insisted. “He loves you.”
Returning to the present, Lucy sighed. If only she had Nikki’s conviction. She pushed the duvet from her, got up, and got dressed. When she walked down the stairs, Paul and the kids were sitting at the table having breakfast.
“Good morning, Lucy.” Nikki and Tyler said as one.
Lucy’s smile was sad. “Good morning.”
She looked at Paul. “Morning.”
He glanced at her, but didn’t acknowledge the greeting.
Lucy took a seat at the table, but instead of her normal place next to Paul, she sat at the opposite end well away from him.
“Can I get you anything, Miss Lucy?” Elsa asked.
Lucy smiled at the housekeeper. “No, thanks, Elsa. I just need some coffee.”
Paul looked at the kids. “You two better get ready or you’ll be late for school.”
After the kids ran up the stairs, Elsa followed them to ensure they get everything.
When Paul got up, Lucy walked over to him and placed a hand on his arm. “Paul, I’m so sorry about everything.”
Paul jerked his arm away. “Don’t touch me!”
His elbow connected her forearm, leaving it stunned. She grabbed her arm, but he ignored the action and stormed away. Lucy stared at his back with tears in her eyes. Two days ago, she was living in the clouds, and now her dream world had crashed around her.
The ride to the kids’ school was done in silence. After they were dropped off, he turned to Lucy. “I think from tomorrow you better organize your own transport to the office.”
Lucy stared at him and then nodded. “I’ll ask Cheryl if she can give me a ride.”
After he parked the car, they walked toward the elevator. She pushed the button to order the lift. When the doors opened, she stepped inside, but Paul turned and headed for the stairs.
Lucy rode to her floor, and the moment she stepped off the elevator, she knew everyone in the office knew her secret. Audrey didn’t waste any time in spreading the juicy news.
People would scurry away from her like she had the plague and avoided any eye contact. As she put her purse on her desk, she heard Cheryl’s voice coming down the hall.
“Get out of my way,” her friend growled.
Lucy looked down the hall and saw her friend storming toward her. Cheryl looked like a mad, raging bull, and the people in the hallway ran to move out of her way.
The events of the previous day, and what transpired that morning, left Lucy emotionally numb. She stood and waited for Cheryl to reach her desk, preparing herself for another tongue-lashing.
As Cheryl approached Lucy, her facial features softened, and she threw her arms around Lucy.
“Don’t you think for a moment this changes anything between us. I’m a little miffed that you didn’t tell me sooner, but you’re still my friend.”
Cheryl’s words took Lucy by surprise and it opened the flood gates. Tears started to stream down her face. When Cheryl stepped back, she noticed the tears.
She took Lucy’s hand. “Come with me.”
Cheryl led Lucy’s to the ladies’ bathroom. When they entered, they found two women from the bitch clique inside.
The one woman looked at Lucy and spoke to Cheryl. “We’re not sharing a bathroom with that!”
Anger sparked in Cheryl’s eyes. She took a step toward the women. “Out. Leave, before I throw your sorry asses the hell out of here!”
The two women ran out of the bathroom with Cheryl on their heels. Cheryl stopped in the doorway. “For six months you didn’t have a problem sharing a bathroom with her. She doesn’t have cooties, but if you don’t want to share with her, you can wait outside until we’re done.”
With that, Cheryl slammed the door closed and turned to Lucy, who stared at her with big, tear-filled eyes.
Cheryl smiled. “That will teach them to mess with my friend.”
Lucy washed her face at the sink and dried her eyes. “Thank you.”
“How did Paul take the news?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy shook her head. “Not well. He’s very angry.”
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “Don’t worry, Luce. He loves you, and once he realizes that, he will get over it.”
Lucy stared at her friend for a moment. “I don’t know, but it’s my own fault. I should’ve told him from the start. I wanted to, but got interrupted every time. To be honest, I probably could’ve tried harder.”
Cheryl frowned. “Why didn’t you?”
Lucy shrugged. “I didn’t expect this when I moved here. I just wanted to get away from Houston for a while to start a new life. There, everybody knows me and saw my transition. The men there constantly came on to me, and they had just one thing in mind, and love had nothing to do with it.”
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s shoulder, but didn’t interrupt.
Lucy continued. “When Paul fell in love with me, it felt good. For once in my life, somebody fell in love with me without knowing my past. I wanted to tell him the truth, but part of me didn’t. I knew once I opened my mouth, the dream would be over.”
Lucy buried her face in her hands as fresh sobs tore through her chest. Cheryl wrapped her arms around Lucy. Fifteen minutes later when they exited the bathroom, several women stood outside waiting.
“About time,” one said, but took a step back under Cheryl’s glare.
“If you need anything, or if anybody gives you trouble, call me,” Cheryl said when they reached Lucy’s desk.
To Lucy’s surprise, none of her team members treated her any differently. At first, she thought they didn’t hear the news, but when Mark yelled at one of the bitch clique women, “What the hell are you staring at? Don’t you have work to do?” she knew they heard.
A few people in the office made it a point to talk to Lucy and to offer support. They said that they didn’t care about what happened in her past, but the majority of the office gave her a wide berth.
At home, things didn’t get any better either. Paul avoided Lucy around the house and didn’t speak another word to her. Both Nikki and Tyler were upset about this and spent every moment at home around Lucy.
Lucy wanted to explain to Nikki what happened, but wasn’t sure how the young girl would react, or if she would understand. Lucy arranged with Cheryl to give her a ride to work, but when Cheryl arrived to pick up Lucy, both Nikki and Tyler refused to ride with Paul. When threatening them didn’t work, he conceded and told Cheryl that he would drive Lucy to at least keep a resemblance of peace around the house.
One afternoon when they got home, Nikki ran out and threw her arms around Lucy. “I don’t care what the other kids are saying. I know you’re not a man.”
This shocked Lucy and she glanced up at Paul, but he stood with a stern face. Through their parents, word about Lucy’s past reached the children at school.
When Nikki ran back inside, Lucy looked at Paul. “I’m so sorry about this. I never meant to hurt anybody.”
He stared at her with blank eyes, and then, without a word, he turned and entered the house.
Lucy followed him in and grabbed his arm. “Paul, please talk to me. Say something.”
He pulled his arm from her grasp and shook his head. “I have nothing to say to you.”
Lucy wiped a tear from her cheek. “I’ll go pack my things. I’ll ask Cheryl if I can stay with her for a few days until a can find another place of my own.”
“That won’t be necessary,” Paul said. “I promised Nikki I won’t make you leave. You can stay as long as you keep away from me.”
The following week, Paul had to attend a three day conference in Washington, which gave Lucy a break from the stress at home. Besides Paul’s absence, things almost felt normal at home.
She would help Nikki with her homework, and would play with the children afterward.
One afternoon while the kids were busy with their homework, Lucy heard a car pull up in the driveway. At first she thought Paul returned early. She went outside, but found a strange car she hadn’t seen before. It had tinted windows so she couldn’t see who was inside.
The driver jumped out and opened the back door.
Victoria Cunningham stepped out of the car, dressed like she just stepped out of a corporate meeting. 
She glared at Lucy. “I am surprised that you are still here. By now I would have thought that you crawled back into the hole that you came from.”
Lucy stared at the woman, but she marched past Lucy into the house. When Lucy followed her, she found Victoria in the entrance hall looking around.
“What are you doing here?” Lucy asked.
Vitoria looked at Lucy with indignation. “It is none of your business if I want to visit my son.”
Lucy folded her arms over her chest. She was aware that in the two years that Paul stayed in Cincinnati, his parents never visited. If Victoria wanted to see Paul or the kids, they were summoned to Chicago. That meant that Paul’s mother was there to see her.
“Paul is not here, but I suspect you know that.”
Victoria looked her up and down like she just crawled out of the sewer. “Yes, I know that. I am here to speak to you. From the first moment I saw you, I thought there was something odd about you, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. At first, I thought you were just a gold digger, but now I know your plan.”
Victoria opened her purse and took out her cheque book. “Let me make this easy for you. How much do you want to go away?”
Lucy frowned. “What?”
“How about two hundred and fifty thousand? That should be enough for you to start a new life?”
Shock registered on Lucy’s face. “You want to pay me to go away?”
Victoria nodded. “Sure. That is what you want after all. Money.”
Lucy shook her head in disbelief. “Are you on special medication or something?”
The elderly woman ignored the insult. “Three hundred thousand, but that is my final offer.”
She proceeded to write out the cheque, tore it from the book, and held it out to Lucy.
Staring at the piece of paper, Lucy shook her head. “I didn’t think anyone still used these.”
Victoria frowned. “Do you rather want an EFT? Just give me your account number.”
Anger flashed in Lucy’s eyes. “I don’t want your money. If Paul wants me to go, he will tell me.”
A shriek from the top of the stairs caught their attention. Lucy looked up just in time to see Nikki disappear from sight.
“Now see what you’ve done,” Lucy snarled at Victoria. “I suggest you leave and come back when Paul is home.”
Lucy didn’t wait for a reaction and sprinted up the stairs and headed for Nikki’s room. She knocked on the closed door, but when she got no answer, she opened the door and found Nikki crying on her bed.
Lucy took Nikki into her arms. “Shhh … you don’t have to cry.”
Nikki looked up at her. “Why does grandma want you to leave?”
“Because she doesn’t belong here,” Victoria answered from the door. “She’s a man and your father can never love another man.”
Nikki jumped from the bed. “She’s not a man. She’s a woman and I love her.”
Lucy took up a threatening posture in front of Victoria. “That’s enough! If you don’t leave this instant, I’ll throw you out myself.”
Victoria’s eyes narrowed. “How dare you?”
Lucy took a step closer. “No, how dare you. If you have a problem with me, I can deal with that, but you are upsetting your granddaughter.”
Victoria glanced at the young girl who stood with her hands on her hips glaring at her. “Fine, but Paul will hear about this.”
Moments later the car door slammed downstairs and took off.
Tyler peeked around the corner. “Is she gone?”
Lucy nodded. “Yes, she’s gone.”
She turned to Nikki. “Are you alright?”
The next moment, both Nikki and Tyler each hugged one of her legs.
“Even if Daddy doesn’t love you anymore, I love you,” Nikki said.
“Yes, me too,” Tyler added.
Emotion flooded through Lucy. She never intended for things to get that complicated. The longer she knew Paul and the children, the more she had to lose by her secret.
Paul returned home Thursday afternoon. He found Lucy and the children playing in the downstairs playroom. For a few moments, he stood out of sight, listening to their laughter. Conflicting emotions ran through his mind, but then he pushed out his jaw and entered the room.
“Daddy!” the children shouted when they ran out to greet him.
Lucy had her back turned to the door, but swung around when the kids shouted. Her smile and the happy emotions she felt when she saw him, disappeared when she noticed the expression of anger on his face. He bent down on one knee and greeted his children.
“I am happy to see you,” he said. “But now you need to go to your room so I can talk to Lucy.”
Nikki eyed him suspiciously, but grabbed Tyler’s hand. “You can play in my room.”
Paul waited until he heard the children ran up the stairs and then turned to Lucy. “From now on, you stay away from my children.”

Chapter 15

“Cheryl, I can’t take this anymore. Although everybody knows about my past back home, nobody ever treated me this badly, well, with the possible exception of Jack Armstrong.”
Lucy and Cheryl were seated in the break room, each with a mug of coffee.
Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “Luce, just give it time. He will come around. Even here at the office things have settled down. Not everyone runs out of the bathroom anymore when you walk in. Sooner or later, they will realize they are being silly and that you’re still the same, lovable person that you were a month ago.”
Lucy shook her head. “People at the office don’t bother me. Them I can deal with, but it’s been a week since Paul told me to stay away from the kids. I feel like a naughty schoolgirl. I have to sneak a few minutes with them here and there, and they don’t understand. Tyler made a game out of it, but Nikki doesn’t want to talk to Paul anymore, and I feel it’s my fault. It can’t go on like this.”
“Did you try to talk to Paul again?”
Lucy nodded. “Every day, but he doesn’t want to listen. Every time I open my mouth, he walks out of the room.”
She sighed. “That’s his house, and the children’s. I am not welcome there anymore.”
“But he hasn’t told you to go.”
Lucy snorted. “Yes, because of the promise he made to Nikki, not because he wants me there.”
Cheryl shook her head. “Luce, I’m sure if he was that fed up with you that he would tell you to go. I think subconsciously he still loves you and doesn’t want to let you go.”
Lucy sighed. Emotionally, she was tired. It’s been two weeks since her secret was revealed. She had bags under her eyes from all the crying and the lack of sleep. Her face looked tired and her eyes were sad.
“All the conflict in the house is because of me, and that makes me feel even worse. They’ll be better off without me.”
Cheryl’s eyes narrowed. “Lucy, things are not THAT bad. There’s always hope.”
Lucy frowned. “What?” Then she realized what her friend meant. “No, you’re misunderstanding. I don’t plan to kill myself. Hell, no man is worth that, but I can’t stay in that house anymore.”
Cheryl let out a slow breath of relief. “I can clean out my sewing room and put a bed in for you.”
Lucy shook her head. “Thank you, but no. I don’t want to dump anymore of my troubles on you.”
Cheryl waved a hand in the air. “What are friends for? Besides, it will only be for a little while until you can get a place of your own again.”
She stared at Lucy for a moment. “Or have you already decided what you want to do?”
Lucy nodded. “I spoke to my father last night. He was always against me leaving Houston in the first place, but he supported my decision. He says since I left, his computers are a mess. I will always have a job there, and I must admit, I miss the horses.”
Cheryl frowned. “You want to leave Cincinnati?”
Lucy placed a hand over Cheryl’s. “I moved here to start a new life, but I didn’t expect things to get this complicated. I found a wonderful friend in you, and I know we’ll be friends for life. I did not plan to fall in love though.”
Cheryl took a sip of her coffee. “Yeah, one can never plan these things. It just happens. The heart wants what the heart wants.”
“Unfortunately, that’s true. But I can’t stay here any longer. For the sake of my own sanity, and for the people I love, I have to leave.”
Cheryl sighed. She wanted to argue that Lucy should stay, but she knew what Lucy said made sense, and that her friend made up her mind. “How will you get home?”
Lucy tapped her phone. “My dad bought me a bus ticket. I just need to pick it up.”
For a moment, they sat in silence. Cheryl didn’t want to know the answer to the next question. “When are you leaving?”
Lucy looked down at her mug. She didn’t want to see the disappointment in her friend’s eyes. “Tomorrow morning.”
“Are you going to tell the kids you’re leaving?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy shook her head. “I can’t. They will not understand and will tell Paul, and that might just cause another problem that I don’t have the strength to deal with at the moment.”
“The children will miss you terribly.” Cheryl took another sip from her coffee and then looked at Lucy. “Are you scared that Paul might try to stop you?”
Lucy looked at her friend for a moment, and she had to bite back the tears. “No. I’m scared that he won’t.”
Although they didn’t talk anymore, Paul still drove Lucy to work every morning after he dropped he kids off at school. Lucy knew any change in her routine would arouse suspicion. She arranged with Cheryl to bring her back home after Paul dropped her at the office. Paul would be in meetings all morning and wouldn’t notice her missing until she was already on her way to Houston.
The previous evening, when Paul took a shower, the kids snuck into Lucy’s room like every evening. They spent a few precious moments together. Lucy gave them each a tight hug when it was time for them to return to their rooms.
After they left, Lucy locked herself in her bathroom and cried for half an hour. It tore her soul to shreds to leave them, but she convinced herself that she had no choice. While she stayed in the house, there would never be happiness again.
Lucy waited until she was sure that the children and Paul were asleep before she dragged her suitcase from the top shelf of her closet. She packed all her belongings. A few things didn’t fit in the case, so she decided to leave them behind. When she was done, she hid the suitcase in the closet.
That morning, she was a nervous wreck. She had to work hard to keep her composure. If Paul paid attention, he would have noticed that something was wrong, but he ignored her and read the morning newspaper.
When they dropped the kids off at school, Lucy had to restrain herself from hugging them again. As Paul pulled away, she watched them in the mirror running to their class, blissfully unaware that they won’t see her again. She put a hand in front of her mouth to stop the flood, but a lone tear escaped and ran down her cheek.
She wiped it away and glanced at Paul to see if he noticed, but his eyes were fixed on the road, trying his best to ignore her. After Paul parked the car, Lucy pressed the button for the elevator, and turned to see if he would ride with her, but he was already heading for the stairs.
She stared at his back and watched him disappear through the door. “Goodbye, my love,” she whispered, and then stepped into the open elevator.
When she reached her desk, she did her morning checks and left the report on Mark’s desk. She then typed out her resignation letter. As she fetched it off the printer, Cheryl arrived.
“Are you ready?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy pointed at the letter. “I just have to hand this to Julian, and then we can go.”
She walked to Julian’s office and knocked before she entered.
Julian looked up from his computer. “Ah, Lucy, what can I do for you?”
Without a word she handed him the letter.
He read through it and then looked at her. “I was afraid this might happen. Are you sure this is what you want to do?”
Lucy nodded.
Julian held out his hand. “I’m very sorry to see you go. If you change your mind, I’ll wait a month before I start to look for someone else.”
Lucy shook his hand. “Thank you, Julian, but I don’t think I will.”
Julian watched Lucy as she walked down the hall, then he went to the door with the letter in his hand. He glanced at Paul’s office, but it was empty. Paul already left for his morning meetings. Julian walked back to his desk and took a seat. With a shook of his head he tossed the letter in his “out” tray.
When Lucy returned to her desk, she said goodbye to her team mates, who each gave her a hug. Nobody else knew she was leaving, and Lucy preferred to keep it that way. She gathered the few things that was in the drawer of her desk and placed them in a bag.
“I’m ready to go,” she told Cheryl.
As they walked down the hallway, Lucy paused and looked back at her empty desk. With a last sigh, she turned, and headed for the elevator. As she passed Paul’s office, she held her breath as his desk swung into view. It was empty.
It was only six and a half months ago that she walked into that office for the first time. Who knew that her life would take such a rollercoaster ride?
When they were seated in the car, Cheryl turned to her. “This is your last chance to change your mind.”
A sad smile tugged at the corners of Lucy’s lips. “No, there’s no turning back now.”
Cheryl gave Lucy’s hand a squeeze, then started the car and headed out of the parking garage. Lucy gave the building one last look and then stared straight ahead.
They stopped at the house just long enough to grab her suitcase. As she walked into the entrance hall, she bumped into Elsa.
The housekeeper stared at her with big eyes and a frown on her face. “You going somewhere, Miss Lucy?”
Lucy nodded. “Yes, Elsa. I’m going home.”
“When are you coming back?”
Lucy shook her head. “Elsa, I’m not coming back.”
The housekeeper stepped forward and hugged Lucy. After a quick goodbye, Lucy loaded her suitcase in the car. With Elsa watching from the porch, Cheryl drove down the driveway and out of sight.
When they stopped at the bus station, Lucy inquired at the ticket counter about her ticket. 
The attendant handed her the piece of paper and pointed at a nearby bus. “You better hurry, the bus leaves in ten minutes.”
Lucy hurried to the car, grabbed her suitcase, and handed it to the guy who loaded the luggage.
She turned to Cheryl. “Well, this is it.”
Cheryl stepped forward and hugged her friend. “I’m going to miss you.”
“I’m going to miss you too. As soon as I’m settled at home, I’ll give you a call. We can make arrangements for you, Ralph, and the kids to come visit for a weekend. I can teach you all how to ride a horse.”
Cheryl nodded. “That will be wonderful.”
“All aboard!” the bus driver called.
After one last hug, Lucy turned and stepped onto the bus.
Cheryl waved as the bus left the parking lot until it disappeared from sight.

*****

It was late in the afternoon when Paul arrived at his car in the parking garage. He looked around, but there was no sign of Lucy. That was strange. She always waited for him at the car.
He glanced at his watch, then turned impatiently and headed back to the elevator. He rode up to his floor and walked to Lucy’s desk, but she was not there. He then walked to the other side of the building to Cheryl’s desk, but Lucy was not there either.
Agitated, he fished his cell phone from his pocket and selected Lucy’s number from his contact list. It went straight to voicemail. He looked at the phone with a frown. Something was wrong.
Paul walked back in the direction of his office and noticed Julian.
He stopped in the doorway. “Julian, have you seen Lucy around?”
Julian frowned. “You don’t know?”
Paul’s patience was wearing thin. “Know what?”
Julian reached into his out tray and handed the letter to his boss. Paul scanned through the letter and then paled.
He shook his head. “No, I didn’t know about this.”
Julian shrugged. “It’s a pity to lose her. She’s good at what she does.”
Paul gave Julian a sideward glance, but didn’t answer. Instead, he tossed the letter on Julian’s table and headed back to his car.
He drove as fast as the afternoon traffic would allow. A hollow feeling developed in the pit of his stomach. As he pulled up to his driveway, the children came running to greet them like they always did.
When only Paul got out of car, Nikki stopped in her tracks. “Where’s Lucy?”
He rushed passed her. “Nikki, not now!”
Paul took the stairs three at a time and burst into Lucy’s room. He scanned the room, but nothing looked out of place. He walked over to the closet and opened the door. He stared at the few pieces of clothing left, but realized the majority of Lucy’s things were gone.
“Elsa!” he yelled at the top of his lungs.
“Yes, Mister Paul?” Elsa asked when she entered the room.
“Was Lucy here today?” he asked.
Elsa nodded. “Yes, Mister Paul. She came this morning and took her suitcase.”
Paul frowned. “Did she say where she’s going?”
“Yes, Mister Paul. She said she’s going home.”
Paul swung around. “Home? To Houston?”
Elsa shrugged. “I don’t know where her home is.”
Paul waved a hand in the air. “Thank you.”
As Elsa left the room, Nikki and Tyler entered.
“Daddy, where’s Lucy?” Nikki asked.
Paul spread his arms wide and indicated the room. “Apparently she left. Elsa says she went back to Houston.”
Shock flashed across Nikki’s face. “What? You promised you wouldn’t make her go away.”
Paul turned to Nikki. “I didn’t. She left.”
Nikki stamped her foot on the floor. “This is all your fault. You were nasty to her and now she has left.” The young girl stormed out of the room, with her brother close behind.
Paul stood in the middle of the room, looking around, feeling lost. The last couple of weeks it was easy to be angry with Lucy, but she was there. Now the anger had left him, and he felt empty. Lucy was gone.

Chapter 16

It was quiet around the dinner table. Tyler was the only one who ate. Paul, using his fork, rolled a potato around in his plate, while Nikki just stared at her food.
Tyler looked up. “Daddy, did Lucy leave because of grandma?”
Paul frowned. “No. Wait, what do you mean because of grandma?”
“Grandma was fighting with Lucy,” the young boy said.
Paul stared at his son for a moment. “Where?”
Tyler looked at his father. “Here at the house.”
Paul turned to Nikki. “Do you know about this?”
Nikki nodded. “Yes. Grandma came here the day before yesterday.”
Paul placed his fork in his plate. “Why? What did she want?”
“She wanted to pay Lucy to go away.”
The news took Paul by surprise. “Are you sure?”
“Yes,” Nikki said. “I was sitting at the top of the stairs and heard everything.”
“Did Lucy take the money?” Paul asked.
Nikki shook her head. “No. She told grandma that she’s not interested in her money.”
The girl relayed the rest of the conversation to Paul, and he sat and listened with his mouth hanging open. Never had he heard anybody talk to his mother in that way.
“And then grandma left,” Nikki said as she finished her story.
Paul waved a hand over the table. “You two finish your food.”
He walked to the lounge, fished his phone from his pocket, and dialed a number.
His mother answered the phone. “Mother, why did you offer Lucy money to leave?”
There was a slight pause. “Paul, I’m only looking out for you and the children.”
Paul shook his head. His mother never did anything if it didn’t suit her own needs. His mother was always concerned with her own image, and if Lucy was in his life, and the media got wind of her past, it wouldn’t be good for her.
“Mother, you had no right to interfere in my life.”
Victoria’s voice raised in intensity. “I will not allow a son of mine to marry such an abomination. He has no place in our family.”
Paul looked at the phone in his hand as his anger rose. “It’s still not your call to make. This is my life and I will decide who I marry.”
“And it is my job to look after the best interest of this family, and that thing you have in your house is not in our best interest,” Victoria shot back.
“Mother!” Paul’s anger reached boiling point. “Lucy’s sweet, kind, and a wonderful person. You know what, never mind. Just stay out of my life!”
Paul ended the call and tossed the phone on the couch. He stormed up the stairs and then found himself in Lucy’s room. When he first found out about Lucy’s past, he was angry. He felt betrayed. He convinced himself that he could not have a life with her after such a bombshell.
He didn’t realize it until that moment. For the past two weeks, he acted like his mother. Shame washed over him. Lucy didn’t deserve that. He was aware of how she was treated at work, and although he was in a position to address it, he did nothing.
Memories of their time together flashed through his mind. How could he push her away like that? What was wrong with him? He could still smell her presence in the room, but he knew it would fade over the next few days.
He went downstairs and retrieved his phone from the couch. Selecting Lucy’s number, he paused for a moment, then hit dial.
It went straight to voicemail. He heard her sweet voice. “This is Lucy. I’m not available at the moment, but if you leave your name and number, I will get back to you as soon as I can.”
The sound of her voice woke a longing in him. When she was there, it was easy to pretend that he was angry with her, but if he had to be honest with himself, he stopped being angry after the first day.
For the next three days, he phoned Lucy’s number at least six times a day, but it still went to voicemail. She either kept her phone off, or she changed her number.
One morning he sat at his desk when he noticed Cheryl walking past.
He jumped up. “Cheryl, do you have a moment?”
Lucy’s friend glared at him, contemplating if she wanted to talk to him or not.
“What do you want?” she asked.
Paul lifted an eyebrow at her hostility. “Have you heard from Lucy?”
Cheryl folded her arms across her chest and pushed her chin out. “What do you care?”
Paul sighed. He deserved that. “I just want to make sure she is okay.”
Cheryl glared at him suspiciously. “Why? You were the one that drove her away. If you didn’t treat her so badly, she would still be here.”
Paul hung his head. “I know.”
She watched him for a moment and almost felt sorry for him. “She did send me a mail that she reached home safely.”
Paul looked up. “You don’t perhaps have an address for her?”
Cheryl shook her head. “No, I don’t, and even if I had one, I’m not sure I would give it to you.”
For the rest of the week, Paul moped around the office and the house. At night, he phoned Lucy’s number just to hear her voice on the voicemail. His situation with Nikki hadn’t improved either. She was still mad at him and refused to talk to him unless it was necessary. Even Tyler wasn’t his normal, bubbly self.
Saturday morning, they were having breakfast when the doorbell rang. Nikki jumped up, but Paul made her sit down. “Stay here and finish your breakfast. I’ll go see who it is.”
Normally Paul would let Elsa answer the bell, but if there was a chance that it was Lucy, he wanted to be the one to open the door.
Paul yanked the door open and stared at the two men.
“Well, aren’t you going to invite us in?” Carlton Cunningham asked.
A look of embarrassment crossed Paul’s face. “Sorry. Sure, come in. What are you doing here?”
Ty Cunningham had a striking resemblance to his younger brother, but mimicked his father in almost every other way. “After your conversation with Mother the other day, Dad and I thought we better pay you a visit.”
“Besides, it gives me an excuse to leave the house,” Carlton added.
“Grandpa! Uncle Ty!” Nikki and Tyler shouted and ran to greet them.
After things settled down, Paul sent Nikki and Tyler upstairs and asked Elsa to keep an eye on them.
He turned to his father and brother. “So what are you two really doing here?”
Carlton looked around. “Where’s Lucy?”
Paul frowned. “She’s not here.”
“Oh,” Carlton said. “We actually came to speak to her. After what your mother did to her, I just want to let her know that I don’t feel the same way. I only met her once, but I think she is a lovely person.”
“Dad can’t stop speaking about the lovely Lucy, so I thought I better come meet her. Apparently you don’t have the time to introduce her to your brother,” Ty said with an accusatory glance at his sibling.
Paul sighed. “You are too late. Lucy went back home.”
“What happened?” Carlton asked. “I thought you two looked so happy together?”
Paul scratched his head. “We were, but when the story about her past came out, I acted like an ass. I was angry and didn’t give her a chance to explain. One afternoon when I came home from Washington, I heard her and the kids playing and laughing, and told her to stay away from the children. That was the last straw, I think.”
“Can’t say I blame her,” Ty said. “If you treated me like that, I would also leave. How did the children take it?”
“Not well. Nikki still doesn’t want to talk to me. They both adore her.”
“What are you going to do?” Ty asked.
Paul shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“Do you still care for her?” Carlton asked.
Paul thought for a moment. “Yes. Yes, I do. I didn’t realize it until after she left. She was like a breath of fresh air in my life. I was upset about something I didn’t understand and spent the last three days on the internet learning about transgender people.”
“So why don’t you go after her?” Ty asked.
Paul shrugged. “After the terrible way I treated her, I doubt she would take me back.”
Carlton placed a hand on Paul’s shoulder. “Son, let me tell you something about love. It is worth fighting for. If she cares about you, and if you do enough groveling, she will take you back.”
“Well, I have to find her first. I know they have a small farm near Houston, but that is a big area.”
Carlton smiled. “I’m sure if you put your mind to it, you will find her. You were always very resourceful.”
Paul took a red ring box from his pocket. “Before all this came out, I was planning to ask for her hand in marriage. If she can forgive me, I still want to marry her, but I am afraid how Mother will react. From the moment they met, she didn’t like Lucy, and Lucy is a feisty one. She didn’t back away from Mother either. Although I now understand and accept that Lucy is indeed a woman, I doubt Mother will ever accept that.”
Carlton laughed. “Yes, I heard about the confrontation between them. I doubt they would ever see eye-to-eye, but how you feel about her is what matters. You are the one that has to live with her. Take care of her and let me worry about your mother.”
Monday morning, Paul called Cheryl to his office. Suzanne delivered the message that Paul wanted to see her.
“What the hell does he want?” Cheryl asked.
Paul was not in her manager line, so she knew it had nothing to do with work. She stomped to his office. When she arrived, the door stood open and he sat behind his desk.
She didn’t bother to knock. “What do you want?”
Paul was taken aback by the aggressive tone of her voice. “Please have a seat.”
Cheryl folded her arms across her chest. “I’ll stand.”
He stared at her for a few moments. “I’m looking for an address for Lucy.”
Cheryl frowned. “Why? Haven’t you heaped enough misery on the poor woman?”
Paul shook his head. “I deserve that, but I need to go after her. After she left, I realized I am an idiot and that I still love her. Besides, if I don’t find her, my children might never talk to me again.”
Cheryl’s mouth dropped open, and she stared at him in disbelief. “That sure took you long enough.”
He sighed. “I know. She’s the best thing that happened to me since the birth of my children, and I chased her away.”
Cheryl sat down in the empty chair. “You caused her a lot of hurt.”
A look of shame crossed Paul’s face. “I know. Do you think there’s any chance that she will forgive me?”
Cheryl stared at Paul. She always held him in high regard, but the last two weeks her opinion of him dropped to zero. Now it started to rise again.
“You will have to do a lot of groveling.”
Paul nodded. “I’m willing to do whatever it takes to get her back. Can you tell me anything that can help me find her?”
Cheryl thought it over for a moment. “Her parents have a horse ranch somewhere just outside Houston, but she never talked much about her family.”
Paul scratched his cheek. “I suppose I can hire a private investigator to find her, but that will take time.”
Cheryl smiled. “You can do that, or you can just ask human resources to have a look at her file. I’m sure she had to give her previous address when she applied for the job, and before she moved here she stayed with her parents.”
Paul jumped from his seat. “You’re a genius.”
He stormed to the door, but stopped and turned to Cheryl. He took her face in his hands and kissed her full on the lips. “Thank you.”
Cheryl blushed. “Do you want me to come with you? I can talk to her first and smooth the way for you.”
Paul shook his head. “Thank you, but I messed this up, and it’s something I have to fix.”
He pushed the elevator button, but when the lift took too long, he turned and ran down the stairs. When Paul walked into the office of Human Resources, the lady behind the desk looked up and smiled at him.
“Morning, Paul. What can I do for you today?”
Paul returned the smile. “Morning, Tracy. Is it possible I can look at Lucy Campbell’s file?”
The smile faded from Tracy’s face. “I heard she resigned? It’s a pity. She’s a lovely girl.”
Paul nodded. “Yes, she is. The file?”
Tracy walked to a huge filing cabinet that covered most of the back wall. She opened the “C” drawer and flipped through files until she reached Lucy’s. She handed Paul the file.
With nervous fingers he opened the folder. The first page contained a copy of her resignation letter, and a pang of guilt stabbed his heart. He flipped the page and found the list with her personal details. There it was.
He got a piece of paper from Tracy and wrote down the address. With a quick, “Thank you,” he made his way back to his office.
When he sat behind his desk, he stared at the piece of paper for a moment, and then pressed a button on the phone on his desk.
Moments later Suzanne walked into his office. “Yes, Mr. Cunningham?”
He looked up at her. “Suzanne, please cancel all my appointments for the rest of the week.”
She frowned. “Is something wrong?”
He shook his head. “I hope not. It was wrong, but now I need to go make it better.”
Understanding filled her eyes. “What do I say if someone’s looking for you?”
Paul waved the piece of paper in the air. “Tell them I have to attend to urgent business in Houston.”
Suzanne smiled. The moping man of the last two weeks was gone. In his place was her boss with the pleasant smile.
Paul grabbed his briefcase and his jacket. “Wish me luck. See you when I return.”
He didn’t wait for an answer and stormed out of the office.
Suzanne looked at the empty space he left behind. “Good luck, Mr. Cunningham.”

Chapter 17

Lucy stepped from the bus and looked around as the assistant retrieved her suitcase from the cargo hold. A sense of familiarity washed over her. In the distance she could see the big white and gray farmhouse and the various outbuildings.
White horse fences spanned the boundary lines of the ranch. In the bottom meadow, several horses fed on the lush green grass. Two young playful fillies chased a colt. Lucy smiled, but her eyes were sad. She didn’t expect to return to her childhood home so soon.
She watched as the bus pulled away and continued its journey, then grabbed her suitcase and started her walk to the farmhouse. With every step that took her closer to the main house, she felt more at home. It was as if the farm welcomed her back with open arms.
A hundred meters from the farmhouse, she heard a bark, and then saw a golden streak that headed toward her. Jessie, their golden Labrador noticed her and ran to welcome her. The dog ran and jumped into Lucy’s arms.
The animal’s momentum knocked her off her feet. She lay on her back and was showered with wet, doggy kisses. For the first time in days, Lucy laughed. It took five minutes of frantic greeting before Jessie calmed down enough that Lucy could get to her feet.
“I’m happy to see you too,” Lucy said.
She retrieved her suitcase where she dropped it and continued to the house. Jessie fell in next to her. Before Lucy left, Jessie was her shadow on the farm, and leaving her behind was hard to do. The sight of her furry companion eased her aching heart somewhat.
A rider on a muscled, brown horse headed toward her at full gallop.
The well-built young man, who had the same green eyes as Lucy, pulled in the reigns. Brown hair spilled from under the well-worn tan cowboy hat. “I thought Dad was kidding when he said you were on your way home.”
Lucy smiled at her brother. “Hi, Dev.”
He jumped off the horse and grabbed her in a hug. They were the same height, but he lifted her with ease. “It’s good to have you home, Sis.”
Lucy wrapped her arms around her brother’s neck. “I missed you too little brother.”
Devon was a year younger than Lucy. He laughed. “I’m not that little anymore.”
She stared at the muscles in his arms. “I noticed, but you will always be my little brother. What are they feeding you? Hay and steroids?”
He laughed and flexed the muscles in his arms. “It’s all natural. Must be all that hay bales I carry every day.”
The screen door swung open, and a petite woman stepped onto the porch. A smile lit her face when she saw Lucy.
The woman ran down the steps with wide-spread arms. “Lucy. Welcome home. We missed you.”
Lucy hugged Bernice Campbell, who barely came up to her chest. “Hi, Mom. I missed you too.”
“I thought it might be you when I heard the commotion,” a deep voice said behind them.
Lucy swung around. “Dad!”
She gave two steps and then she was in his arms. Tom Campbell was a head taller than her. “Welcome home.”
She stepped back and poked her dad in the stomach. “That’s getting bigger.”
He patted his stomach that overhung his belt. “It’s your mother’s good cooking.”
Bernice looked at her daughter. “And it seems you need some of it too. Didn’t you eat in Cincinnati?”
Lucy smiled, but the sadness that hid in the back of her eyes peaked out. The mention of Cincinnati reminded her of what she had left behind.
Her mother noticed the sadness and grabbed her hand. “Let’s get you to your room. You must be tired from the long trip.”
Tom pushed back the black cowboy hat on his head with his index finger. “Why didn’t you want the plane ticket? That would’ve been a much shorter trip.”
Lucy placed a hand on his arm. “Thanks, Dad, but I needed the extra time to clear my head.”
“Did it work?” he asked.
Lucy sighed. “No, it didn’t.”
She bent down to pick up her suitcase, but Devon reached out and took it from her grasp. Without a word, he carried it up the steps.
Moments later, Lucy entered her old room. Her mother put clean sheets on the bed, but the room was just like she left it. She looked at her reflection in the mirror. A pair of sad, green eyes stared back at her.
It was nice to be home. Everybody on the ranch loved her for who she was and didn’t care about her past, but she was not the same person that left for Cincinnati. She experienced a lot, but it left her with a broken heart that might never heal again.
That evening she picked up the phone to tell Cheryl that she arrived home safely, but hearing her friends voice would be a painful reminder of what she left behind. She turned on her cell phone and noticed the missed calls from Paul. For a moment, she stared at the screen, and then switched the phone off again.
She walked to the computer on her desk and sent her friend a short e-mail message. As she finished, her mother walked into the room with a cup of hot chocolate.
“I figured this might cheer you up,” Bernice said.
Lucy accepted the steamy mug with a sad smile. “Thanks, Mom.”
Her mother looked at her with concern and then indicated the bed. “Do you mind if I sit?”
Lucy took a seat on the bed and patted the space next to her.
Bernice stared at Lucy. “What happened to you in Cincinnati? You sounded so happy, and then everything changed.”
Lucy took a sip from the mug. “I met a wonderful guy and fell in love.”
Her mother frowned. “You didn’t say anything on the phone.”
“I know. I wanted to keep it as a surprise. We were going to come here for Thanksgiving.”
“What happened? You found out that he’s married or something?”
Lucy shook her head. “No. His wife passed away two years ago from cancer. He has two adorable children. We were all so much in love.”
“Then what happened?”
Lucy sighed and wiped away a tear. “Jack Armstrong happened.”
Bernice frowned. “The bully from school? What does he have to do with it?”
“We ran in to him. It turned out that he got married to one of the women at my work and moved to Cincinnati. He spilled my secret to Paul.”
Bernice looked at Lucy in shock. “You didn’t tell him about your past? I thought we agreed that if you meet someone you would tell them first thing.”
Lucy sighed. “I know we did, and I tried to tell Paul several times, but every time something interrupted our conversation. I know I should have tried harder, but as our love grew, I was so scared to lose it all.”
Bernice hugged Lucy, who couldn’t stop the tears any longer. “Ah, my poor child. I assume Paul didn’t take the news well?”
“No, he didn’t. He couldn’t even look at me anymore, and then he ordered me to stay away from the children. I couldn’t take it anymore.”
“How did the kids take the news?” Bernice asked.
Lucy shrugged. “Surprising well. Nikki and Tyler don’t care. They accept me for who I am.”
Bernice stared at her oldest child. As far as she knew, that was the first time Lucy had fallen in love, and it broke her heart that Lucy’s first experience with love had such a terrible ending.
At school, because Lucy was different, most kids stayed away from her. She had one friend, Steve Ferrell, who always looked out for her. They were friends from kindergarten, and even after Lucy came out as transgender, their friendship remained.
After they finished school, Steve enlisted in the military while Lucy went to college. Although they had a strong friendship, there was never any sign of love. After Lucy had her surgery, several young men came on to her, but she kept them at arm’s length.
“You were always so careful around men, what makes this Paul so special?” Bernice asked in a soft voice.
Lucy sighed. “From the first moment we met, he sent my heart racing. At first, I tried to resist his charm and did everything to persuade him that I’m wrong for him, but he was persistent. For a while, we were happy. He even asked me to move in with him.”
That was news to Bernice. “You stayed with him?”
Lucy smiled at her mother. “I had my own room.”
Her mother nodded. “Ah, I see. For a moment, I thought you were sleeping together.”
Lucy’s face turned crimson red, and her mother’s mouth dropped open. “Oh.”
“It happened only once,” Lucy protested, but she couldn’t look her mother in the eye.
“And he didn’t notice anything different?” Bernice asked.
Lucy shook her head. “Dr. Brassard did a good job. You’ve seen me naked.”
Her mother nodded. “I have, and it looks authentic, but I wasn’t sure how your eh … plumbing would work.”
Lucy blushed again. “It works just fine.”
Bernice looked away. “Apparently. Well, I’ll leave you alone to unpack and get some rest. I’m sure you’re tired.”
Lucy yawned. “Yes, I didn’t get much sleep on the bus.”
Bernice leaned over and gave Lucy a hug.  “I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances, but it’s good to have you home.”
Lucy sighed. “I know. I did miss you and dad a lot, and Jessie, and the farm, and the horses.”
Bernice paused in the door. “This will always be your home, and you will always be welcome here.”
Lucy stared at the door. There she was loved and protected. What possessed her to leave in the first place?
The following morning at breakfast, Tom looked at his daughter. “Do you plan to stay, or are you going away again?”
Lucy shrugged. “I don’t know, Dad. I haven’t given it much thought yet.”
“You were always good with these computers. Since you left, the computer in my office keeps acting up. It’s a testament to my patience that it’s still in one piece.”
Lucy smiled. Her father was an excellent horse breeder, but when it came to computers, he was lost. “I will have a look at it, Dad.”
After breakfast, Lucy made her way over to their private stables near the house. Jessie trotted next to her like she never left. Her father kept their own horses separate from his breeding stock. Lucy stopped at the second stall on the left.
The Palomino horse had his back to the door and was busy eating oats from a trough against the back wall.
“Hello, Zeus,” Lucy said.
The big, well-muscled horse lifted his head at the sound of the familiar voice. He turned and nosed Lucy with his muzzle.
“I missed you too, my boy,” Lucy said as she stroked the horse’s forehead.
Zeus was bred as a racehorse, but proofed too temperamental for the jockeys to handle. Lucy would take the horses on a run and often rode Zeus. The two of them established a connection that not even her father understood.
Lucy was the one person that could ride Zeus without any complaints or tantrums from the horse. Tom often said that if Lucy wasn’t so tall, she could have been a jockey and Zeus could have been a champion. When he was retired from his short racing career, Tom gave the horse to Lucy.
She saddled the horse and took him out on a ride around the farm. With the wind flowing through her hair, she rode from one side of the farm to the other. She stopped on top of a rise and looked down at the farm below.
To the right of the main house and private stables, there were rows and rows of stables and staff quarters. To the left, there was a large open area.
As a child growing up, it was Lucy’s dream to open a riding school on the farm. Unfortunately, that dream was dashed when she transitioned. Not many parents would entrust their kids with her, or at least that was what she thought.
Lucy sighed. What did the future hold? After what happened at First National Savings and Loans, she doubt she would ever get a job in the information technology sector again. If she applied for another job at a different company, they would request a reference from her previous employers, and Paul would not give her a glowing review. In fact, he might view it as an opportunity to hurt her more.
She wiped a tear from her cheek. Why did she open herself to such emotional torture? She didn’t plan what happened. It sneaked up on her. Not even the harsh way Paul treated her after her secret was revealed could extinguish her love for him.
She leaned forward in the saddle and lay her head against the horse’s neck. “I should have just told Paul that first day, then none of this would have happened. He wouldn’t have been interested in me and nobody would have been hurt. What was I thinking?”
Would she give up the six months she spent with Paul and the kids if she could turn back the clock? Would she give up the magical night they spent together? The relationship she built with the kids?
If nothing else, she caught a glimpse of what her life could have been if it weren’t for that curse she was born with. The time she spend with Paul and the children was a memory she would cherish for the rest of her life, but she would never open herself again to that kind of emotional exposure.
Lucy sat up and looked down at the Labrador that sat next to the horse. “It’s just you and me now girl.” She patted the horse on the neck. “And Grumpy over here. You guys don’t mind. You love me just the way I am.”
Jessie looked at her and gave a bark like she understood. Lucy sighed again. Why can’t humans have that kind of unconditional love? Lucy took the reins and Zeus walked forward with Jessie following behind.
She didn’t steer the horse. She let him walk. There was no hurry, and she knew he would find his own way. No matter what happened everywhere else, there at her childhood home she would always be loved. She would always be welcome.
From the porch of the house, Lucy’s parents watched her come down the hill. Bernice looked at her husband. “That poor child had to endure so much already in her life. Will she ever find the kind of happiness that she so desperately craves?”

Chapter 18

Elsa was sorting through the children’s washing when Paul burst through the front door.
She looked up in surprise. “Mister Paul, is everything alright?”
Paul smiled at her. “Not yet, but I hope it will be. Elsa, you need to pack a bag for you and the children. We’re going on a trip.”
She frowned. The last time they went on a trip together was when his wife was still alive. “Eh, where are we going?”
Paul flashed a smile. “Houston.”
He looked around the quiet house. “Elsa, where are the children?”
She stared at him in surprise. “They are at school, Mister Paul.”
Paul smacked his forehead. “Of course.”
He looked at his watch. It was still two hours before school let out and Elsa would fetch them from school. That gave him enough time to pack and to make other arrangements. He smacked his forehead again.
He retrieved his phone from his pocket and dialed the number for his secretary.
Suzanne answered the phone. “Yes, Mr. Cunningham?”
“Suzanne, can you please find us a place to stay in Houston?”
She knew her boss and was good at her job. “Already done, Mr. Cunningham. I booked a suite for you and the children at the Hilton.”
Paul smiled. “Suzanne, you are the best.”
He hung up the phone and started to dial the number for the captain of their private plane, but hung up the call before it completed. If he made arrangements to use the jet, his mother would know about it. He had enough to deal with without having his mother yelling in his ear.
He phoned his secretary again. “Suzanne, please book four tickets on a flight to Houston this afternoon.”
“Commercial?” Suzanne asked in surprise.
Paul smiled. “Yes, commercial.”
“I might as well get used to it, because if mother finds out what I am about to do, she will disinherit me,” he muttered to himself after he hung up the phone.
By the time the children came home from school, their bags were packed and ready to go.
Nikki stopped and stared at the luggage and then at her father. “Where are you going?”
Paul smiled. “WE are going to Houston?”
Nikki stood with her hands on her hips. “Why? What is in Houston?”
Paul kept a straight face. “Lucy.”
Nikki’s eyes lit up. “We’re going to see Lucy?”
When Paul nodded, both Nikki and Tyler hugged him.
Nikki was the first to move. “What are we waiting for? Let’s go!”
When they arrived at the airport, the skies were gray and it threatened to snow. Pulling his jacket tighter against the cold wind, Paul loaded their luggage on a trolley and pushed it to the domestic terminal.
While they stood in line, Nikki tugged on his sleeve. “What are we doing here, Dad? Where is our plane?”
Paul bent down on one knee and look at his children. “We don’t have our own plane anymore, so we have to fly like everyone else.”
Nikki frowned. “Because of Grandma Cunningham?”
Paul shrugged. “She doesn’t like Lucy and doesn’t approve of our relationship. If we do this, we have to do it on our own.”
“Okay,” Nikki said, and turned to stand in line.
On the previous occasions when Paul had to fly commercial, it was international flight, and he flew first class. That was the first time in his life that he flew coach. It took him a while to get comfortable in his seat.
An older couple sat across the aisle from them. The lady watched Paul fidgeting in his seat.
“Is this your first time flying?” she asked.
Paul smiled and shook his head. “No.”
Two hours later, when they landed in Houston, Paul’s bottom was numb. When the captain brought the plane to a halt at the terminal, Paul stood up and shook his leg to get the blood flowing again.
Nikki and Tyler were well behaved, but they were glad to get off the plane. After they collected their luggage, Paul pushed the trolley to the car rental counter.
“I would like to rent a car,” Paul announced to the lady behind the counter.
“What class?” she asked.
“Premium,” Paul answered.
She checked her computer. “Sorry, Sir, but we have a convention in town and all our premium cars are booked out. I only have a Chevy Spark and a Kia Rio available.”
Paul sighed. The Chevy was definitely too small for their luggage. “I’ll take the Rio.”
They located the car in the parking lot and Paul loaded their suitcases in the boot. Once the kids were seated and buckled in, he slid into the driver seat. The Rio was definitely not in the same class as his Lexus.
“This is for Lucy,” Paul muttered to himself. He sighed, started the car, and headed for the hotel.
After they checked in, Paul glanced at his watch. It was too late to head out into the country in search of Lucy. He had to wait until the morning.
That evening in their room, Paul sat on the couch watching Nikki and Tyler playing a game. It was good to see his children back to normal. Earlier he even had a conversation with Nikki. There was no doubt in his daughter’s mind that Lucy would take him back, but he was not so sure.
Paul touched his head. He mistreated Lucy and didn’t give her a chance to explain. He drove her away. Would she forgive him? How would he convince her that he still loved her and wanted her to be his wife?
Why did he act that way? Was it only his male ego or was it some deep seated fear or insecurity? Paul sighed. One moment he was the happiest he had ever been, and the next, the most miserable.
He took out his cellphone and dialed Lucy’s number. It went straight to voicemail. He closed his eyes and listened to her voice. It soothed his soul, but it was also a painful reminder and fueled his aching heart.
Early the next morning, they went down to the dining area to have breakfast. From the front desk, Paul got a map of the area. While the children ate their food, he took the piece of paper with Lucy’s address from his wallet and search for it on the map.
After a fifteen minute search, he was unable to locate the ranch. When the kids where done with breakfast, he went back to the front desk.
“Can I help you?” the friendly concierge asked.
Paul handed him the piece of paper. “I’m trying to find this place but can’t find it on the map.”
The concierge took a look at the address and nodded. “That’s the Campbell place.”
He spread the map on the desk and search a spot. “It doesn’t show it on the map, but it is here.”
“Do you have a pen?” Paul asked.
The concierge leaned over the desk and found a pen behind the counter.
Paul marked the spot on the map with a small x.
Half an hour later, Paul, the children, and Elsa were in the Rio and headed out of the city. Paul followed the directions on the map.
It was a beautiful, sunny day. Unlike the cold weather in Cincinnati, the temperature was pleasant. As they left the city behind, they started to encounter farms. Most farms in the area grew crops and produce.
With anxious eyes, Paul kept glancing at the map and his eyes swept the roadside looking for anything that looked like a horse farm. The further they left the city behind, the larger the farms.
The first sign Paul saw of the farm that he was looking for, was the white horse fences. His family had a farm where they kept horses near Chicago, and he recognized it for what it was. The road turned from the main road into a narrow paved lane.
A huge archway welcomed visitors to the Campbell ranch.
Nikki sat forward in the seat. “Is this Lucy’s place?”
Tyler pointed in the distance. “Look!”
A group of horses ran playfully through the meadow. Paul stared at the farm in wonder. It was nothing like he imagined. Lucy led him to believe that they had a poor small farm, but what he saw was anything but.
Everything was well taken care of, and Paul knew enough about horses to know what he saw was thorough-bred race horses worth a lot of money. Then it struck him. That was Tom Campbell’s place, one of the best breeders in the country.
It wasn’t that long ago that his parents bought six young potential champion race horses from Tom for five million dollars. Paul frowned. When Lucy talked about her family, it was always about something they did together and how close they were, not what they had.
Why would Lucy go to Cincinnati and live like a poor girl if her family was that wealthy? Before Paul could ponder the answer, he reached the impressive farm house. It was a two-story white and gray building with a wraparound porch on the ground level.
Paul parked the car in front of the house and turned to Elsa and the kids. “Wait in the car while I find out if we are in the right place.”
He stepped out of the car and looked around. A young man build like a barn walked up to him. When the man got close, Paul’s heart gave a jump. The man was a male version of Lucy.
“Can I help you?” Devon asked in a deep, pleasant voice.
“Good morning,” Paul greeted. “I’m Paul Cunningham.”
“Devon Campbell,” Lucy’s brother said and shook Paul’s offered hand.
Paul felt the strength in the young man’s grip.
Devon recognized Paul’s name. “Cunningham? From the Chicago Cunninghams? What can I do for you, Mr. Cunningham?”
Paul held up a hand in protest. “Please, call me Paul. Mr. Cunningham sounds like my father.”
“Are you here to see my dad?” Devon asked with a frown. His father always told him when they expected visitors or potential customers, but he didn’t mention anything about a visit from the Cunninghams.
Paul shook his head and shifted his feet. “No, actually, I’m looking for Lucy. Is she here?”
Devon frowned and stared at Paul. After a few moments, realization hit his eyes. The friendly look vanished from his face and he took a threatening step closer. “Wait. YOU are Lucy’s Paul?”
The change in the young man’s attitude caused Paul to take a step back. He watched as Devon flexed his muscles. They young man’s arms reminded him of fence posts.
Paul nodded. “Is Lucy here?”
Devon took another step closer. “You have some nerve coming here after you broke my sister’s heart.”
He had a good mind to deck the man that hurt Lucy, but then he noticed two concerned young faces that stared at him through the window.
Devon dropped his arms to his side. “What do you want with Lucy?”
Paul held the young man’s stare. “I’m here to apologize to her.”
“Well, she’s not here,” Devon said.
“Who’s this?” Bernice asked from behind them. She heard voices and when Devon’s tone raised, she decided it was best to intervene.
Devon turned to his mother. “Mom, this is Paul Cunningham. He’s looking for Lucy.”
Bernice looked at the anxious little faces of the children in the car. “Lucy’s not here. She went for a ride, but should be back shortly. Why don’t you all come up to house. You look thirsty.”
While they were seated on the porch, Lucy’s father walked from the stables and noticed the strange car at the house. He climbed the steps and although he hadn’t seen the young man in a few years, he recognized Paul.
“Paul, what a surprise,” he said.
Paul placed his mug of coffee on the table next to him and came to his feet. “Mr. Campbell, good to see you again.”
Tom glanced at the concerned looks of his wife and son. “What brings you out here? Your father interested in more horses?”
“No, Dad, he’s here to see Lucy,” Devon said before Paul could answer.
Tom frowned and his thick, black moustache jumped up and down. “Why?”
Bernice walked up to her husband and placed a hand on his arm. “It turns out that he’s Lucy’s Paul.”
Under normal circumstances, Paul would have smiled at being called Lucy’s Paul, but the look in the horseman’s eyes send alarm bells ringing.
Tom’s voice sounded like rolling thunder. “What the hell do you want with my daughter?”
Every morning after breakfast, Lucy saddled Zeus and went for a ride. She found the wind that whipped through her hair had a calming influence on her emotions. While she was in the saddle, it calmed the turmoil in her mind.
She would stop by the stream and play with Jessie while the horse quenched his thirst in the cool water. The morning rides were therapeutic, and slowly she started to accept the fact that her time in Cincinnati was over, and that she would have to accept it and move on.
The time she spent with Paul and his children she would cherish forever, but she couldn’t let it drag her down any longer. She had to stand up and live the rest of her life. She made the decision that she would talk to her dad about the riding school.
He always thought it was a good idea and that Lucy would make an excellent teacher. Lucy steered Zeus down the hill, and as she cleared the trees, she noticed the strange car in front of the house.
“It seems we have visitors,” she said to the horse.
Zeus knew the way and walked between the buildings. His hooves clacked on the paving and the voices on the porch went still as she approached. Lucy sat easy in the saddle and let Zeus lead the way. As the front of the house swung in view, she noticed the people on the porch.
Her dad was glaring at someone. The man had his back to her, but as everyone on the porch stared at her, he turned around. Her heart gave a jump as she stared into his brown eyes. Her hands tightened the grip on the reins, and Zeus responded and stopped.
In that moment, Lucy didn’t see anybody else. What was he doing there, and why was he smiling at her?

Chapter 19

When Paul turned, and their eyes met, nothing else mattered. The picture of her on the horse with the faded-white cowboy hat sent his heart into a wild gallop. He wanted to run down the steps and scoop her into his arms, but after the way he treated her, that action might have resulted in a kick in the teeth from her riding boots.
Lucy stared at him with shock on her face. She spent the last few days convincing her heart that she would never see him again, and here he stood on her porch. She had to restrain herself from jumping off the horse and running into his arms.
“I am still mad at him,” her mind thought, but her heart wasn’t listening.
Nikki broke the silence. “Lucy!”
She ran down the steps. The girl’s voice broke the moment, and Lucy slid down the horse and dropped to her knees as Nikki ran into her arms. Moments later, Tyler joined his sister and Lucy had her arms around both children.
“We missed you, Lucy,” Tyler said.
Lucy kissed the top of his head. “I missed you too.”
She heard footsteps down the porch steps and looked up at Paul with tear-filled eyes.
He stood with his arms hanging by his side, looking lost. “Morning, Lucy.”
She didn’t answer, but gave Nikki and Tyler another hug, and then looked at the children. “It’s so good to see you two. I need to speak to your father for a moment. Will you wait there on the porch with Elsa?”
While the kids ran up the steps, Devon stepped down to take the horse from Lucy. As he reached for the reins, Zeus snapped at him.
Devon jerked his hand away and then wagged a finger at the horse. “Hey, watch it. I’ll have you turned into dog food.”
Lucy patted Zeus’ head and glared at her brother. “No, you won’t.”
She takes the reins in her hand and looked at Paul. “Walk with me?”
She led the horse toward the stables and Paul fell in next to her, keeping away from the horse.
Lucy waited until they were out of earshot from the people on the porch. “What are you doing here?”
“I am here to see you. You left without saying goodbye.”
Lucy jerked her head around at the accusatory tone of his voice. “You didn’t give me much choice.”
Paul sighed. “I know, and for that, I am deeply sorry.”
Lucy led Zeus into the stable and to his stall, with Paul following behind in silence. She unbuckled the saddle and hung it on the saddle rack. With Paul looking on from the doorway leaning against the frame, she took a brush and brushed down the horse.
Lucy didn’t look at Paul when she spoke. “I am sorry I left like that, but I couldn’t stand the situation in the house any longer. Everybody was miserable, and Nikki and Tyler don’t deserve that.”
“So you thought you would make everyone happy by leaving?” Paul asked.
Lucy nodded. “Exactly.”
“Well, you were wrong,” Paul said. “After you left, we were even more miserable.”
Lucy looked up at him with a frown. “Everyone?”
Paul pushed away from the door. “Yes, everyone.”
Confusion played on Lucy’s face. “The way you acted, I thought you wanted nothing to do with me anymore? I thought it was only the promise you made to Nikki that kept you from throwing me out on the street.”
Paul shrugged. “What can I say? I’m an idiot, but I would never have kicked you out on the street.”
Lucy paused the brushing and looked at Paul. “When I decided to go to Cincinnati, the last thing that was on my mind was to meet someone and to fall in love. But then I met you, and my whole world changed.”
She hung the brush against the back wall. “When you asked me out on a date, I tried to tell you. I made a promise to my mother, that if I do meet someone that I would inform them of my past before we get serious, but with you, it was not that easy.”
Lucy wiped a tear from her cheek. “Maybe I should’ve tried harder, because then you wouldn’t have asked me out, and it would’ve saved everyone a lot of heartache.”
Paul took a step closer to her. “I remember how you resisted going out with me, and how you tried to tell me your secret, but I didn’t want to listen. On more than one occasion I stopped you. Well, to be honest, I’m glad you didn’t tell me, because if you did, my own prejudice would’ve gotten in the way and I never would have known what an amazing person you are.”
Lucy stared at him, speechless.
Paul took another step closer, but when the horse turned his head and looked at him, he stepped back. “And I am thankful that my children got to know you. We have a great time together, don’t we?”
Lucy nodded, biting back the tears. She patted Zeus’ neck and then stepped out of the stable. She walked out the back and Paul followed her. Under a roof was a stack of hay bales. Lucy took a seat on one of the bales.
She had time to compose herself and looked into his eyes. “Paul, when I met you, I opened myself emotionally like I’ve never done before, which is probably why I was so reluctant to tell you about me. The longer I knew you and the kids, the more I was in love with you all, and the more I had to lose.”
She held up a hand when he opened his mouth. “I don’t know what I was thinking. The reason I left here was because everybody around here knows about me, and I wanted to try something different. My plan was to go somewhere and live in stealth. Nobody had to know about my past, and for once in my life, I could just be me, but the moment I stepped into your office, all my good intentions flew out the window.”
Lucy pulled a piece of straw from one of the bales and played with it in her hands. “Ever since I was young, I dreamed of having a husband one day, and children, and we would live a perfect and happy life. Unfortunately, I learned that I would never be able to bare children. The news was devastating, but over time, I made peace with it.”
She looked at Paul, who took a seat on a nearby bale. “For the few months I got to spend with you and the children, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. For me, it was a dream that came true. Paul, I am so very sorry it had to end the way it did. I never meant to hurt you or the children.”
Paul reached out and took her hands in his, but she pulled away. He sighed. “I met Sharon when I was sixteen. She was the daughter of another wealthy family, and both our families wanted us together as it would have united the families. I wanted nothing to do with the arrangement. I wanted to marry someone I love, but over time, my mother convinced me that love was nothing more than a myth.”
He stared off into the distance. “We got married when I turned twenty-one. There was no romance in our relationship. I felt like an actor playing a role in my own life. It wasn’t really me. With Nikki’s birth, and later Tyler’s, they became the focus of my life. Until Sharon’s death, I was content with my life.”
Paul looked at Lucy. “Sharon gave me something precious. My children, but her death set me free, which is why I moved to Cincinnati to start a new life away from my family. For two years I searched for something. Something that I didn’t quite understand, and then I met you. From the instant I saw you when you walked into my office I knew I found what I was looking for.”
He stared at his hands. “Lucy, there is no excuse for the way I treated you. I can’t even explain my reaction. Maybe it was my male ego reacting to something I didn’t understand. Maybe it was the years of conditioning by my mother. I don’t know. All I know is that I’m deeply ashamed of my actions. It took you leaving for me to realize how badly I treated you, and how much I love you.”
Again he took her hands in his. “Lucy, after you left, I spent many hours on the internet learning about transgender people, trying to understand, but then I realized, it doesn’t matter. I love you. Lucy, can you find it in your heart to forgive me for what I’ve done?”
Lucy’s heart pounded in her chest. That was exactly what she wanted to hear. The moment she dreamt off since she arrived back on the farm. Paul loved her, and nothing else mattered. But.
She pulled her hands free and got to her feet. “Paul, as hard as it was for me to accept, I do understand your reaction. I lived with this my whole life, and I still don’t fully understand it. It would be unfair of me to expect you to understand it all at once.”
Lucy placed a gentle hand against the side of his face. “Paul, I love you with all my heart, but our love can never be.”
Her words had him stumped. He shook his head. “I don’t understand. If you love me, and I love you, then what is the problem?”
Lucy looked out over the pasture. “I made the mistake before to think everything is about my own happiness, but it’s not. Paul, you don’t come from an average family. Just about every week there is something about your family in the news.”
She held up a hand when he started to protest. “How long do you figure it would take the paparazzi to sniff out my past? Your mother would die a thousand deaths before she would allow you to have a relationship with me.”
Lucy gave a short laugh. “We didn’t even get along before my secret came out. She will disinherit you. I can’t do that to you.”
A flash of anger sparked in Paul’s eyes. “Do you think that’s all that matters to me, my family’s money? I don’t care about that, which is why I set out to make it on my own. Hell, you did the same thing when you moved to Cincinnati.”
“It is not the same …” Lucy started to say, but Paul cut her off.
“Bullshit. I’ve seen the apartment you had in Cincinnati. Your family is wealthy. I bet your father would’ve given you the money for a decent place to stay.”
She could not look him in the eye and recall the conversation she had before she left for Cincinnati. Her father wanted to give her money and promised to send her money every week until she was on her feet, but Lucy refused. She wanted to prove that she could make it on her own.
Lucy pushed out her chin, like she does when her stubborn streak reared its head. “It’s not just about the money. What about the children? It was already all over their school. The other children would make fun of them every day. I don’t want the kids to live with that ridicule every day.”
Paul stared at her for a few, silent seconds. “Don’t we have a say in this?”
Lucy shook her head. “You might be able to deal with it at first, but I had to put up with this for most of my life. People might accept it over time, but they never forget.”
Paul stood in front of her and stared into her eyes. “So this is it? And you expect me to just accept it and move on?”
Lucy nodded. “It’s for the best.”
For a moment, Paul stared at her. He wasn’t sure what to expect when he drove out there to see her, but the reaction he received took him by surprise. She admitted that she loved him, but was more worried how their relationship might affect his social standing.
“Well, I’m sorry, but I can’t accept it. I lost you once because of my own stupidity. I’m not making that mistake again.”
Lucy hopped down from the hay. “It’s not up to you. It’s my decision.”
She didn’t wait for a response, and walked toward the house.
Paul ran after her and grabbed her arm. “Can’t we talk about his?”
When Jessie growled at Paul, he quickly withdrew his hand.
“There’s nothing left to talk about,” Lucy said, and continued her march toward the house.
When the people on the porch saw them, Tom sighed. “That didn’t go well.”
When they approached, Nikki ran down the steps, and took Lucy’s hand. “Uncle Devon said he would take Tyler on me on a wagon ride.”
Lucy looked at her brother. “Uncle Devon, huh?”
Devon smiled and shrugged.
Paul placed a hand on his daughter’s shoulder. “We will have to make it another day. We have to go.”
Nikki frowned and looked up at her dad. “Where are we going?”
“Back to the hotel,” Paul said.
Nikki frowned. “Is Lucy coming?”
Paul sighed and shook his head. “No, she’s not.”
Nikki folded her arms across her chest. “If she’s not coming, then I’m staying.”
Tyler stood next to his sister and adopted her posture with the folded arms. “Me too.”
Paul looked at his children. “Come on, guys, please, don’t make this harder.”
Nikki shook her head. “We came here to get Lucy. We’re not leaving without her.”
Bernice walked to the edge of the porch. “Well, if you’re staying, you might as well join us for lunch.”
Devon looked at the children and smiled. “Looks like we’ll have time for that wagon ride after all. I have to go get a load of hay after lunch. You two can ride with me.”
Lucy looked at Paul, but he shrugged. “I’m outnumbered here.”
She glared at her family. They were all conspiring against her. She ran up the steps, stormed through the house to her room, and slammed the door behind her.

Chapter 20

Lucy sat on the edge of her bed with her head in her hands. The way Paul treated her in Cincinnati left a deep scar. Although his actions were forgiven, she was not sure if she was ready to open herself like that again emotionally.
A soft knock caused her to lift her head. She stared at the door.
“It’s me,” her mother’s voice sounded from the other side.
Lucy sighed. “It’s open.”
Her mother stepped into the room and closed the door behind her. “Are you alright, Honey?”
Lucy shook her head. “No, Mom, I’m not. Why did they have to come out here? I was ready to accept that I would never see them again.”
Her mother lifted an eyebrow. “Were you, or was it something you told yourself?”
Lucy grabbed a pillow and threw it at Bernice. “Mom, you’re not helping.”
Bernice caught the pillow and threw it back at Lucy. She took a seat on the edge of the bed. “Paul seems like a nice man, and the children are adorable.”
“Yes, they are,” Lucy said and buried her face in the pillow.
“So how did your chat with Paul go?” Bernice asked innocently.
Lucy lifted her head and stared at her mom. “He apologized and then proceeded to tell me how much he loves me.”
“That’s good news.”
Lucy tossed the pillow to the side. “No, it’s not.”
Confusion filled Bernice’s eyes. “The man of your dreams tells you that he loves you and it is not good news?”
“Yes, it is, but it’s complicated.”
Bernice rolled her eyes. “It always is.”
“Mom, Paul’s family is a big deal. They are always in the news. It won’t be long before a reporter sniffs out my past. Can you imagine the ridicule Paul and the children will have to face when that comes out?”
Bernice sighed. “Honey, our family is a big deal too. Every time one of our horses wins an important race for their owners, your father is in the news. When you transitioned, and when you had your operation, there were a few small articles that nobody bothered to pay any attention to. In this day and age, it is not a big issue anymore. If reporters report on you and Paul’s relationship, it will blow over too. If you love each other, then everything else is just white noise.”
“Mom, you make everything sound so easy.”
Bernice took Lucy’s hand in hers. “I’m not saying it will be easy all the time, but in the long run it will be worth the effort. You just have to give it a chance.”
Lucy shook her head. “I don’t know, Mom.”
Bernice got to her feet and stared at her oldest child. “Lucille Campbell! I don’t understand you. Your whole life you whined about how you wish people would accept you for who you are. There’s a man out there who, with his two children, not only accepts you, but loves you. What more do you want?”
Shock filled Lucy’s eyes at her mother’s harsh tone. She stared at her mother for a moment, and then her shoulders dropped. “I’m being silly, aren’t I?”
Bernice nodded. “Yes, very.”
Lucy smiled. “Paul is a wonderful man, and I do love him. When I am with him, I feel loved, safe, and special.”
“Doesn’t help you tell me. You need to tell him. Besides, if you don’t, I might just run away with him myself.”
Lucy laughed. “No, you won’t. You love dad.”
Bernice smiled. “Yes, I do love him. Maybe I will just run away with the handsome Paul for a few weeks of fun and then crawl back to your father.”
Lucy looked shocked. “Mom!”
Bernice laughed and pulled Lucy from the bed. “Now get out there and tell Paul you’re an idiot.”
Lucy looked down at her mother and then engulfed her in a hug. “Thanks, Mom.”
After Lucy washed her face, she joined the others on the porch. Paul and her father were having a conversation about one of the horses that his parents bought from them.
When Tom noticed Lucy, he got to his feet. “Well, I have stuff to do. I can’t sit here the whole day.”
Lucy looked around. “Where are the kids?”
Paul pointed toward the nearby meadow. “They wanted to see the horses, so your brother took them.”
Lucy frowned. “Your family has a horse farm. Don’t you ever take them riding?”
Paul shook his head. “Sharon didn’t like horses, so she kept the children from them.”
“That’s sad. Do you ride?”
He nodded. “Both my brother and I got riding lessons when we were young. Before I got married, I used to ride all the time, but it’s been a while.”
Lucy smiled. “Want to go for a ride?”
Confusion played on Paul’s face. There was a definite change in Lucy’s attitude from earlier.
Paul nodded. “Sure.”
He followed Lucy to the stables.
She pointed at a spare saddle. “You can use that one. Do you know how to saddle a horse?”
Paul glanced at Lucy, unsure if she said it with sarcasm, but her face was a picture of innocence. “Yes, I can saddle a horse.”
Lucy shrugged. “Just checking. Usually city riders have a stable hand saddle their horses for them. We see it all the time.”
Paul stared at Lucy, but she grabbed her saddle from the saddle rack and walked to Zeus’ stall. Her sudden change in attitude left him speechless. She was like the Lucy of old, the woman he fell in love with.
She pointed to a nearby stall and a chocolate brown horse that had a large white spot on its forehead that looked like a rough outline of the African continent. “You can take this one. Her name is African Sunset, but we just call her Sunny.”
Paul looked at the horse, and after observing Zeus’ behavior toward Devon earlier, carefully stepped into the stall.
Lucy laughed. “Don’t worry, she doesn’t bite. Sunny’s very gentle.”
She turned her attention to Zeus. “Ready for another ride?”
Zeus neighed in response, and Lucy proceeded to saddle the horse. Once done, she led him out of the stall. Paul, done with his too, followed her. Outside, they mounted the horses and Lucy led the way.
Lucy showed Paul around the farm, and after an hour in the saddle, they stopped at a small stream under a clump of trees. Lucy hopped out of the saddle and let Zeus drink from the stream.
“It sure is beautiful out here,” Paul said after he let Sunny drink too.
Lucy nodded. “Yes, it is. This is my favorite spot.”
For a moment, there was an awkward silence. The water trickled gently over the rocks, and the horses helped themselves to the luscious green grass.
Lucy stepped closer to Paul. “About what I said earlier, I didn’t mean that.”
Paul frowned. “Which part?”
Lucy looked down at her boots. “The part where I said that our love can never be. Paul, I love you, and if you are willing to put up with me, we can deal with whatever comes our way.”
Her U-turn in attitude left him stumped. “Serious?”
She took another step closer and placed a hand on his chest. “Yes.”
He bent down and kissed her. In that moment, everything that transpired the previous weeks evaporated in the air. When his lips folded over hers, Lucy tried to determine if he kissed her any differently than before, but the wild beating of her heart told her that he didn’t.
After a while, he lifted his head and stared into her eyes. “Lucy, I’m so ….”
She placed her index finger over his mouth. “A lot happened over the past few weeks. Let’s put that past us and move forward.”
Paul nodded and kissed her again. When he lifted his head, she snuggled against his chest.
“This is where I belong.” she said.
Paul stroked her hair. “Do you mean here in my arms, or on the farm?”
“Both.”
Paul mulled the words over for a moment. “Does that mean you’re not coming back to Cincinnati?”
Lucy pushed away from his chest. “Paul, I can’t go back there. If it weren’t for you and the children, and Cheryl, I would have been totally miserable there. Coming back here made me realize how much I missed this place and how much it is part of me.”
Paul looked around. “I still don’t understand how you could have left all this in the first place. It’s paradise.”
Lucy shrugged. “I convinced myself that I should go somewhere else where nobody knows me, to find myself. I wanted to prove to myself that I could make it on my own.”
Paul looked into her eyes. “And did you find yourself?”
Lucy smiled. “No, I found you instead.”
Paul lowered his head and kissed her again. A few moments later they broke apart, each of them with a wild, thundering heart.
He pulled her closer again and folded his arms around her. Lucy laid her head on his chest.
They stood like that for a moment, enjoying each other’s closeness.
Lucy lifted her head. “We better get back. They will start to wonder what happened to us.”
Paul nodded. “Before we go, there is something I have to clarify.”
Lucy stepped back and looked at him with a frown on her face. “What is it?”
Paul placed a gentle hand to the side of her face. He took in her features, her eyes, her nose, and her soft lips. How could he ever have thought her to be a man? She was a woman in every way.
He sighed. “If you are not coming back to Cincinnati. Where does that leave us?”
Lucy stared at him with a roaring heart. She thought about what she wanted to say before she spoke. The last thing she wanted to do was to say the wrong thing, or have it come out wrong, and ended up pushing him away again.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. I haven’t had time to think about it yet, but if I have to be honest with myself, as long as I’m with you and the children, I’ll be happy, no matter where we are.”
Lucy frowned. Paul looked nervous. His eyes flicked around, and he fidgeted with something in his pocket.
“What’s wrong?” Lucy asked with alarm in her eyes.
He pulled his hand from his pocket, but kept it behind his back so she couldn’t see what he had. “I just want to make sure that wherever we end up, that we are together. I wanted to give you this for a while now and was on the verge of giving it to you before everything happened.”
He paused for a moment, and she held her breath. Paul pulled his hand from behind his back to reveal the red ring box and then dropped to one knee.
“Lucy Campbell, would you do me the honor to become my wife? Will you marry me?”
Lucy stared at him in shock. That was the moment she had dreamed about since she was little. She couldn’t believe the moment was real and pinched her leg to make sure she was awake.
Her eyes dropped to the small box in his hand. Inside, pinched between the cushions, was an engagement ring. The small diamond set in the center sparkled in the rays that filtered through the tree. A thin gold band swirled around and had three smaller diamonds set around it.
She lifted her gaze back to his face, and the nervous expression in his eyes. She cupped his face between her hands. “I have no idea how this is going to work, but yes, I’ll marry you.”
Lucy leaned forward and kissed him.
Relief flooded his face as he got to his feet. With shaky fingers, he lifted the ring from the box and slipped it onto her ring finger. A perfect fit.
“I know you don’t like excess, so I picked out this ring. If it is too small, I’ll take you to the jeweler and you can pick out any other one you like.”
Lucy held out her hand in front of her and stared at the ring on her finger. “This one is perfect.”
Paul smiled, then leaned forward and kissed her once more. Although the blue sky was clear, Lucy felt like she was floating on a cloud.
“We better get back. I can’t wait to tell the others,” Lucy said.
The nervous look returned to Paul’s eyes. “I hope your father doesn’t have a gun.”
Lucy laughed. “He has several, but he won’t shoot you unless I ask him to.”
She walked to her horse and showed him her hand. “Look what I got.”
The horse neighed and smelled her hand, but Lucy pulled it away. “No, it’s not something to eat.”
They mounted their horses and rode back to the farmhouse. After they stabled the horses, they walked hand-in-hand to the house.
The people on the porch looked up when they approached, and everyone smiled when they saw them together.
Nikki and Tyler ran down the steps and hugged Lucy’s legs. Lucy leaned down and kissed them each on the top of their heads before she hugged them against her.
When they climbed the steps to the porch, Paul looked nervously at a smiling Tom and Bernice.
Tom noticed the expression on Paul’s face and frowned. “Is everything alright, Paul?”
Paul swallowed hard and nodded. “Yes, everything is wonderful.”
Tom and Bernice looked at each other and then looked at Paul, puzzled.
Paul cleared his throat. “Lucy and I talked things over.”
She stepped closer to him and took his hand. He smiled down at her, and she leaned her head against his chest. She could hear his heart thundering in his chest, and gave him an encouraging smile.
Paul stared into her eyes a moment, drinking strength from the green pools. He turned and faced Lucy’s parents. “Tom and Bernice, I love Lucy very much. I would like to ask your permission to marry your daughter.”
Tom and Bernice looked at each. She beamed, but Tom had a blank expression on his face. He stood slowly from the chair, and when he reached his full height, he stared into Paul’s eyes.
Paul was nervous, but he held the stare.
Tom’s voice sounded like thunder coming through the hills. “I understand that you love her, and I’m sure that she loves you too, but no, you cannot marry her.”

Chapter 21

Lucy and Paul gaped at Lucy’s father. Absolute silence fell on the porch. Tom’s words were unexpected and shocked everyone. The children didn’t understand what transpired, but from the reaction of the adults, they knew something was wrong.
Bernice was the first to act. She stepped forward, and as she passed Tom, she hit him in the stomach with the back of her hand. “Tom! Stop scaring the kids.”
She hugged Lucy. “I am so happy for you my child.”
Lucy still stared at her father with a look of confusion on her face.
A grin formed on Tom’s face. “Bernice’s father did that to me, and I always wanted to return the favor to a potential son-in-law. With Lucy’s sisters both at university, I thought I would never get the chance. Paul, you have our blessing.”
Relief washed over Paul and Lucy. As Bernice hugged Paul, Lucy ran into her father’s arms.
“Thank you, Dad.”
Tom held his daughter in his arms. “You deserve the happiness, Honey.”
He turned to Paul and gripped his hand. “You look after her and care for her like I would.”
Paul nodded. “I will, sir. I promise.”
He glanced at Nikki. “I must remember that when her husband arrives on our doorstep to ask for her hand.”
Lucy slapped him on the arm. “Don’t you dare.”
When it was Devon’s turn, he took a firm grip of Paul’s hand, leaned in close, and whispered in his ear. “I love my sister, and if you hurt her again, I’ll smash your face.”
Paul looked at Devon for a moment. “If I hurt her again, you have my permission to smash my face, because I’ll deserve it. I promise to take good care of her.”
When the adults all had their say, Nikki tugged at her father’s leg. “Does this mean that you and Lucy are getting married?”
Paul bent down on one knee. “Yes, sweetheart, we’re getting married. Are you okay with that?”
Nikki’s answer was to throw her arms around Lucy.
Tyler looked from Paul to Nikki to Lucy. “Are going to be my new mommy?”
The question took Lucy by surprise, and she was unsure how to answer. From the start, she made it clear to the children that she was not there to replace their mother.
Nikki’s face beamed as she looked at her brother. “Yes, she’s going to be our mommy.”
Lucy crouched and hugged both children. When Lucy had her arms around the kids, Bernice noticed the ring on her daughter’s finger.
“You got a ring?” Bernice asked.
Lucy stood up and held out her hand.
Bernice wiped away a tear. “That’s so beautiful.”
Tom called the housekeeper and ordered a bottle of champagne to celebrate the engagement.
When things calmed down on the porch, Tyler looked at Lucy. “When are we going to ride on the horsies?”
Lucy smiled and took his hand. “Do you want to go ride now?”
When he shook his head fiercely up and down, Lucy laughed and looked at Devon. “Care to help me?”
Leaving Paul on the porch with her parents, Lucy and Devon took the children to the stables. They saddled two horses.
“Who’s with me?” Devon asked.
Tyler jumped up and down. “Me! Me! Me!”
Devon laughed and lifted the young boy onto the saddle in front of him. Lucy helped Nikki up, and then they headed out into the meadow.
Nikki turned her head. “Will you teach me to ride like you?”
Lucy gave her a squeeze. “Of course I will.”
From the porch, Paul and Lucy’s parents watch the children on the horses.
“Your children are adorable,” Bernice said.
“Thank you,” Paul answered.
Tom looked at Paul. “Have you and Lucy decided yet where you will stay after you get married?”
Paul shook his head. “We still have a lot to talk about. We haven’t even set the wedding date yet, but I hope it will be soon.”
A sudden thought struck Paul, and he looked at Lucy’s parents with concern. “I hope there are no complications with us getting married?”
Bernice frowned. “What do you mean?”
Paul tugged at his ear and shifted in his chair. “With Lucy’s past and all. Will there be any issues when we get married?”
Tom shrugged. “She’s legally female, so I don’t foresee any issues. I have a friend who’s a Supreme Court judge. I’ll run it by him, but as far as I know, there will be no problem here in Texas. I’m not sure how they do things in Ohio or Illinois.”
Paul sighed. “I just want to make sure nothing spoils Lucy’s special day. She had to endure enough already.”
Tom and Bernice looked at each other and smiled. They noted the concern in Paul’s voice for their daughter, and it warmed their hearts. They were sure in the fact that he would always look after her best interest.
For a moment they sat in silence and watched the children having fun on the horses. Tyler’s shrill yell of delight echoed off the buildings.
Paul turned to Tom and Bernice. “Can I ask you a personal question? You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.”
Tom and Bernice looked at each other. They had a good idea what it was about and nodded.
“When you first found out about Lucy, how did you handle it?” Paul asked.
Bernice stared out at the meadow for a moment before she answered. “I am not going to lie to you. It was not easy. We both had to attend quite a few sessions with the councilor before we understood what was happening with our child.”
Tom sighed. “To see your eldest son struggle with his identity every day of his life was not easy.”
Bernice placed a hand on Tom’s arm. “Once we accepted that our son was in fact our daughter, it became easier, but at first, it was hard to see our son disappear before our eyes. Lucy blossomed into a lovely young woman once the decision was made that she would transition, and seeing her happiness, we knew it was the right thing to do.”
Tom nodded in agreement. “She remains our child and we love her. I was initially against the whole thing as it clashed with my Christian upbringing, but the joy on her face and the delight in her eyes when she got her first doll, or when she got her first dress, convinced me that we were doing the right thing.”
Bernice pointed to the meadow. “Looking at her today, I can’t even imagine her any other way. She’s my daughter and nothing else.”
Paul sighed. “I still feel bad for how I treated her when I first heard. I was confused and angry. It is something I didn’t understand and didn’t know how to deal with.”
Tom raised an eyebrow. “But you do understand now?”
Paul nodded. “After Lucy left, I realized how empty my existence is without her. I spent many hours on the internet reading about the subject, but then I realized it doesn’t matter. Lucy’s past is something that is part of her, and I love her. That means I have to accept the whole complete package.”
He stared at Lucy’s parents for a moment. “You have raised an amazing woman.”
Paul gave Tom a sideward glance. “At least now I know where she gets her sense of humor from.”
Tom grinned. “We always had a lot of laughter in our house.”
Bernice got up and gave Paul a hug. “Welcome to our family.”
Paul looked down at Lucy’s mother. “I’m sure the children won’t mind having an extra set of grandparents.”
Tom and Bernice looked at each other and smiled. They didn’t expect grandkids so soon, but welcomed the idea.
Lucy and Devon headed back to the stables, but nearby, they stopped and let the children ride in the saddle while they led the horses.
Nikki waved at her father. “Look at me, Daddy. I’m riding a horse.”
Paul returned the wave, but was deep in thought. His children enjoyed it on the farm. He would have to rethink their future. Lucy already indicated that she was not willing to move back to Cincinnati, and Paul was not going to move closer to his family.
He was happy to stay away from his mother as far as he could. Paul sighed at the thought of his mother. Once she finds out about his plans to marry Lucy, there would be drama.
After the horses were returned to the stables, Lucy, Devon, and the children joined the rest on the porch.
Paul glanced at his watch. “It is getting late. We better head back to the hotel.”
Nikki pouted. “Do we have to, Daddy?”
“It is much more fun here,” Tyler added.
“You don’t have to go,” Bernice said. “You can stay in the guest house.”
Both children jumped up and down with excitement. “Can we, Daddy?”
Paul looked at Lucy, but she wasn’t any help. She joined the kids. “Yes, can we, Daddy?”
Paul laughed. “But all our clothes are at the hotel.”
Lucy stepped forward and put her arms around him. “I’ll go with you tomorrow morning to fetch your stuff. Besides, the guesthouse is much cozier than any hotel.”
He planted a kiss and smiled. “Alright. I am outnumbered here. We can stay.”
Lucy led them to the guesthouse, which was a miniature replica of the main house, with the exception that it was a one-floor building.
After Lucy showed the kids to their room, Paul took her hand. “Will you spend the night with me?”
Lucy smiled. “I would love to, but my father has a shotgun and is not scared to use it.”
Early the following morning, with Jessie trotting by her side, Lucy brought Paul coffee. She thought she might still catch him in bed, but he was already up and sat on the porch of the guesthouse.
“You’re up early,” She said after she gave him a kiss and handed him the cup of coffee.
“I didn’t sleep much. I have a lot on my mind.”
Lucy frowned. “Nothing bad I hope.”
Paul shook his head. “No, just thinking about our future.”
“Have you reached a conclusion?”
Paul smiled and took a sip of the coffee. “We have to talk about a few things.”
She took a seat next to him, and Jessie curled up at her feet. “What about?”
Paul took her hand. “I know you said you don’t want to return to Cincinnati, but I have to.”
Lucy sighed. “It will be hard to leave Zeus and Jessie behind, but I will go with you wherever you take us.”
He smiled and leaned in for a kiss. “It will only be for a few days. I need to make arrangements to sell the house and arrange for someone at the office to take my place.”
The news caught her by surprise. “Sell the house? But where will we live?”
Paul stretched his arms indicating the surrounding area. “Around here somewhere. I’ll inquire about anything for sale close by. This looks like a good place to raise the children, and they enjoy it here.”
Lucy’s face lit up. “Seriously?”
He nodded. “Yes. Another thing, I think we should get married as soon as possible.”
She glanced at the engagement ring on her finger. “I have no problem with that, but what do you have in mind.”
Paul shrugged. “I’ve never been one for big events, but it’s your special day. You decide and let me know. I’ll show up.”
Lucy’s face beamed. “Do you mind if I discuss it with my mom? She might have a few ideas that can help. Do you have a specific date in mind?”
Paul shrugged. “Yesterday?”
She leaned against him and hugged his arm. “I think Mom and me will need more time than that. How about in three weeks from Saturday?”
“That sounds perfect.”
A thought struck Lucy. “Who from your family will attend?”
The question weighed heavily on Paul. “My dad and my brother will definitely make the trip. I doubt my mother will make the effort. Once I tell her about our plans, she probably won’t speak to me again for the rest of my life.”
A cloud formed over Lucy’s face. “Paul, I’m so sorry our relationship causes a rift between you and your family.”
He shook his head. “It’s just my mother, and don’t be sorry. It is not your fault. She’s used to getting her way, but this time, I’m thinking of my own happiness.”
They sat on the bench together, with her leaning her head against his shoulder, hugging his arm, staring out over the farm. Although barely after sunrise, the stable hands were already out exercising the horses on the practice track located near the stables.
It appeared as if steam rose from the meadows in the cool morning air.
“That leaves just one last question,” Lucy said. “Where will we get married?”
Paul let his gaze glide over the farm. “It sure is beautiful here. Do you think your parents will mind if we get married here?”
A smile spread over Lucy’s face. Since she was young, it was her dream to get married on the farm. As she got older and had to deal with the realities of life, that dream faded, but now she had a chance to make it reality.
“I will ask, but I’m sure that won’t be a problem. My mom will be ecstatic. When do you want to return to Cincinnati?” she asked.
Paul sighed. “I think we better leave after breakfast. The sooner we get things settled there, the sooner we can return here. Besides, I still have to make a trip to Chicago.”
Lucy nodded. “We have a lot to do if we want to get married in three weeks, and not much time to do it. I’ll go pack a bag and will be ready.”
He looked down at the golden Labrador who lay at Lucy’s feet. “I’m sorry that I’ll have to take her away from you again, Jessie, but you’ll have her back soon.”
Lucy pulled Paul to his feet and threw her arms around his neck. They shared a passionate kiss. 
After a few moments, Paul lifted his head. “You better go before I drag you inside.”
Lucy laughed. “I’m sure my dad’s watching through the kitchen window.”
Paul looked nervously to the house. “You’re going to get me into trouble.”
She skipped down the steps. “Let me go give them the good news.”

Chapter 22

Lucy opened her eyes and stared at the ceiling. It was semi-dark in the room. Next to her, Paul’s breathing was rhythmic in his deep sleep. She smiled. The world was right again. The previous afternoon, she said goodbye to her parents, but that time she did so with a light heart. She knew she would be back in a few days.
She heard the patter of bare little feet on the hallway tiles that headed to Paul’s bedroom. Lucy barely had time to yank the sheet over her head to cover her naked body when the door burst open.
Nikki ran to Paul’s side of the bed, grabbed him by the shoulder and shook. “Dad, wake up. Lucy’s not in her room!”
Paul’s eyes flew open, and it took him a few moments to register what the girl said. Lucy’s warm body pressed tight against him under the covers. He reached out and smiled when he touched Lucy’s bare thigh.
He leaned over and flipped on the light. “Nikki, what has you in such a spin so early in the morning?”
Nikki was close to tears. “I went to say good morning to Lucy, but her room is empty.”
Lucy popped her head from underneath the covers and gave a shy smile. “Morning, Nikki.”
The girl’s eyes widened, and then she jumped on top of Lucy and hugged her form with the covers. Lucy laughed and worked an arm free from underneath the sheets and hugged the girl.
“I thought that you left again,” Nikki said.
Lucy kissed the top of the girl’s head. “I’m not leaving again.”
Nikki looked into her eyes. “Promise?”
Lucy nodded. “I Promise.”
Happy that she found Lucy, Nikki left the room and closed the door behind her.
Paul turned around and put his arm around Lucy. “Good morning.”
She kissed him and laid her head on his bare chest. “I can get used to this.”
Paul let his finger trace the contours of her shoulder, down her arm, and onto her belly.
Lucy grabbed his hand. “The children are awake. I don’t want one of them to walk in on us.”
Paul sighed. “I know. We have a busy day ahead of us. What are your plans for today?”
“Are you going to the office?”
He nodded. “Yes. I have to make arrangements for me leaving this office for good. I think Julian would be a worthy replacement. Then I have to fly to Chicago to inform my parents of the latest developments.”
The prospect of facing Paul’s mother again, made Lucy’s stomach turned into a knot. “Do you want me to come with you?”
Paul shook his head. “That won’t be necessary. I think this is something I have to do on my own.”
Lucy let out a slow breath. “I think I will pay Cheryl a visit today. She’s upset with me for not speaking much to her these last few days.”
After breakfast, Paul and Lucy dropped the children off at school, and then went to the office. At the security checkpoint, Paul signed Lucy in as a visitor. When they stepped out of the elevator, Paul turned right to go to his office, while Lucy turned left to Cheryl’s desk.
Several people greeted Lucy, surprised to see her again. Cheryl was sitting at her desk, peering over a report.
Lucy popped her head over the divider. “Good Morning.”
Cheryl jerked her head around. “Lucy!”
She jumped to her feet. In her haste to get to Lucy, the chair flew backward and toppled over, but she ignored it.
Cheryl threw her arms around Lucy. “What are you doing here?”
Lucy smiled. “Paying you a visit.”
Her friend frowned. “How did you get here?”
Lucy shrugged. “I flew in yesterday afternoon with Paul.”
Cheryl’s eyes widened. “Are you guys back together?”
Lucy nodded. “Yes. He came to the farm, apologized, and told me how much he loves me.”
Cheryl folded her hands together in her chest. “Ah, that’s so sweet.”
Lucy’s eyes sparkled as she held out her hand to Cheryl. “And that’s not all.”
At the sight of the ring on Lucy’s finger, Cheryl jumped up and down with excitement. “You got engaged?”
“Yes, Paul asked me to marry him.”
Cheryl hugged her friend. “Ah, Lucy. I’m so happy for you. Does this mean you’re moving back here?”
Lucy shook her head. “Unfortunately not, but I do have a favor to ask?”
“Sure, ask away.”
Lucy smiled. “I was wondering, would you be my maid of honor, or seeing that you’re already married, my matron of honor.”
Cheryl clasped her hands together. “Lucy, I’ll be honored. When is the wedding?”
“In three weeks on my parents’ farm in Houston.”
Cheryl’s eye narrowed. “Wow, you and Paul are sure in a hurry. That doesn’t give us much time to prepare.”
The thought of being married to Paul sent shivers of pleasure down Lucy’s spine. “It’s not going to be a big wedding, just immediate family and a few close friends.”
Cheryl stared at Lucy for a moment. “Will Paul’s parents be there?”
Lucy shrugged. “I honestly don’t know. Paul is on his way to Chicago to tell them about the wedding. I suppose I will know when he returns.”
Cheryl frowned. “You’re not going with him?”
Lucy shook her head. “I offered, but Paul wants to face his parents alone.”
While Lucy shared her joy with Cheryl, Paul boarded the private jet and headed for Chicago. He phoned ahead to ensure his parents were available. He also asked his brother to meet him. Sitting alone in the plane gave Paul time to reflect on the happenings of the past few days.
For a while on the farm, it was touch and go, but in the end, Lucy forgave him his stupidity, and agreed to marry him. That was exactly what he and the children wanted, but not necessarily what his mother would allow.
He didn’t share his concerns with Lucy, but they would have to battle his mother before they get married. She would do anything in her power to stop the wedding. His mother’s reaction would not be kind, and he didn’t want Lucy anywhere near his mother when the news broke.
Paul looked at the surroundings inside the plane. As a Cunningham, he was born into a life of privilege. Something he never really understood, or appreciated, until he met Lucy. Even though the Campbells were wealthy in their own right, Lucy didn’t take that for granted. Her brother worked on the farm along with the other farm hands, yet, their family had a close bond.
Paul sighed. Once the news broke to his mother, he was sure to be disinherited. His father might try to intervene, but his mother would win in the end. He would be cut from the Cunningham fortunes. Luckily, he had money of his own, and had been living virtually free of his parents’ money for the past two years.
When the plane landed at the private airfield a car was waiting. The driver held open the door and Paul slipped into the back. The closer he got to the Cunningham mansion, the more nervous he got.
By the time the car turned into the Cunningham driveway, Paul was wiping sweat from his brow. When the car stopped, the driver hopped out and opened the door. Paul stepped out, and the cold wind whipped him in the face. He pulled his coat tighter and looked up at the grey sky. A few rogue snowflakes fluttered to the ground.
“Fitting,” he muttered to himself.
Paul wiped his feet at the door and entered the hallway. Central heating warmed the house and he loosened his coat. A nearby housekeeper spotted him and rushed over to take his coat.
He smiled a thank you. “Good morning, Maria. Do you know where my parents are?”
The woman, dressed in a housekeeper’s uniform, pointed to the side lounge. “Your mother is in there, and your father is upstairs in the billiards room.”
His parents were rarely found in the same place. Paul aimed for the stairs, but then thought better of it and turned for the lounge.
He stopped and faced the housekeeper. “Maria, please inform my father that I’m here and that I wish to speak to him and my mother together.”
His mother sat in her usual spot, and he greeted her with a peck on the cheek.
Victoria stared at him with cold eyes. “What is so important? I should have been in the office already. I hope you have a good reason for keeping me away from my work.”
Paul sighed. There was no reason at all for Victoria Cunningham to be at the office, but she had to tell him what an inconvenience it was that she had to wait for him.
He walked to the tray on the table and served himself a cup of tea. Paul sniffed the contents and took a sip. Since he met Lucy, he much preferred coffee. He smiled at the thought of her.
“What is so funny?” His annoyed mother asked.
Paul shook his head. “Nothing.”
His father walked into the lounge, and when he spotted Paul, greeted him with a warm handshake. “Did your trip go well?”
Paul nodded.
His mother frowned. “What trip?”
Paul swallowed down the tea and placed the empty cup back on the tray with trembling hands.
He looked at his parents in turn, and then his gaze settled on his father. “I found Lucy and asked her forgiveness. Then I asked her to marry me.”
As the words sank in, Victoria paled. “What?”
Paul took a step back. “I told her how much I love her, and that the children and I don’t want to spend another day without her. Then I asked her to marry me, and she said yes.”
Victoria jumped to her feet. Her mouth worked, but nothing came out. When she found her voice, she spat out the words. “You will not marry that thing. Am I clear?”
Paul frowned. “Mother, she’s not a thing.”
“No son of mine will marry a transvestite. Do you have no regard for our family name?”
Paul glanced at his father, but Carlton looked around the room like he was seeing it for the first time and was not comfortable being there.
Anger flashed in Paul’s eyes. “Mother! Lucy’s not a transvestite. If you want to hurl insults around, at least get your facts straight.”
Victoria wagged a finger at Paul. “Oh, I have my facts straight. You have been bewitched by that abomination, but I will not allow it.”
For a moment, Paul stared at his mother. “Mother, I’m old enough that I don’t have to ask your permission. Lucy is the woman I love, and there is nothing you can do about it.”
His mother spat out the words. “Ha, come on, Paul. You can hardly call that a woman.”
Paul smiled his sweetest smile. “Oh, yes, Mother, I can, and I assure you. Lucy is a woman in every way.”
Shock filled Victoria’s features at the implication. It was too much for her. She stumbled sideways, grabbed the arm of the chair, and then sagged into the seat.
She looked helplessly at her husband. “Carlton, say something.”
Carlton pulled his eyes away from the Chinese vase and looked at Paul. He stepped forward with an outstretched hand. “Congratulations, Son. I wish you and Lucy a long and happy life together.”
Victoria choked on her own breath. “What!”
At that moment, Ty Cunningham entered the lounge. His mother and brother glared at each other while his father looked like a naughty schoolboy who was got caught reading a dodgy magazine.
“What did I miss?” Ty asked.
His mother pointed to Paul. “Your brother thinks he is getting married.”
Ignoring the tension in the room, Ty smiled and shook Paul’s hand. “Awesome. I take it you tracked down Lucy?”
Paul nodded. “Yes, and I asked her to marry me.”
Ty frowned and looked at each of his family members. “That is good news. So why do you all look like you’re about to have an aneurism?”
Victoria threw her hands in the air. “Have you all gone mad? Am I the only sane person in this room?”
Carlton took Victoria’s hand. “He loves her. Can’t we be happy for them?”
Victoria jerked her hand away. “No, not when he’s making the biggest mistake of his life. This is the sickest thing I’ve ever heard.”
Paul shrugged. “I’m sorry you feel that way, Mother, but I love Lucy, and you are all invited to the wedding in three weeks.”
Victoria folded her arms across her chest. “If you go ahead with this foolish idea, you will no longer be welcome here.”
For a moment, Paul stared at his mother, his eyes filled with anger, but also with sorrow. “It is a pity you feel this way, Mother. If you took the time to get to know Lucy, you would see what an amazing person she is. Unfortunately, now you will never know.”
 Paul hugged his father and brother. “I’ll send you the address for the wedding. I would appreciate it if you can make it.”
Paul turned and headed for the door.
Victoria’s shrill voice stopped him in his tracks. “Are you really just going to walk out on your family?”
Paul turned slowly and looked at his mother with sad eyes. “No, I am not walking out on my family, only on you.”
Paul turned and took two steps before Victoria called out. “If you leave now, you will not get another cent from this family.”
Carlton stepped forward. “Victoria. That is enough!”
She shook her head. “No, it’s not. I’m controlling the money in this family, and I say who gets what. If he wants to get married to that … that … that thing, then he will not be part of this family anymore.”
Carlton’s voice was soft, but firm. “You can deny him money, but you have no right to kick him out of the family.”
He turned his head to Paul. “Son, you’ll always be part of this family, you and your bride.”
Paul nodded. “Thanks, Dad. I’m sorry it had to come to this, but I almost let Lucy slip through my fingers once. I’m not making that mistake again.”
His father waved toward the door. “Don’t worry about it. We’ll sort it out in time. Now go and be happy.”

Chapter 23

When Paul pulled into the driveway, Lucy and the children were playing outside in the freshly fallen snow. Since he left Chicago, his mood was as somber as the weather, but seeing his family brought a smile to his face.
When he got out of the car, Lucy ran to greet him.
“What are you doing out in the cold? It’s freezing out here,” Paul said.
Lucy laughed. “We are enjoying the snow while we can. In Houston, snow is almost unheard off.”
Paul shook his head. “You are crazy.”
She placed her freezing hands on the sides of his face. “No, just happy.”
Her cold hands sent shivers down his back and he jumped to the side. She tried to follow him, but he kept out of her reach.
Tyler ran up to his father, packing a snowball. “Daddy, look what Lucy taught me.”
Paul turned around, and the snowball hit him square in the chest.
“Ok, now you’ve done it,” Paul said, and he bent down to scoop a hand full of snow.
Nikki came to greet her father, but saw the snowball and made a U-turn. Their squeals of delight echoed through the air.
After a few minutes of running around and throwing snowballs, Lucy ran to the door. “Hot chocolate for everyone!”
The children stopped, dropped the snow, and ran for the door.
“Go wash your hands,” Lucy said as they ran past her.
Once inside, Lucy took Paul’s coat, hung it on the coat rack, and then wrapped her arms around him. “How did it go with your parents?”
Paul sighed. “As expected. My father and Ty send their best wishes. Mother was horrified when I told her. She’s ready to kick me out of the family, but my father will have none of it.”
Sadness filled Lucy’s eyes. “Paul, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to cause friction in your family.”
Paul used his index finger and touched the point of Lucy’s nose. “We said there will be no more sorry, and that goes for you too. I asked you to marry me because I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you. If my mother doesn’t want to accept that, it’s her loss. I think we all make a pretty good family.”
Lucy smiled. “Yes, we do.”
“How did it go with Cheryl?” Paul asked as they walked into the kitchen.
Lucy switched on the kettle and pulled four mugs from the cupboard. “She agreed to be my matron of honor.”
Paul smiled. “That’s good. When it’s time for them to go to Houston, I’ll buy them a plane ticket and organize a rental car for them to use while they are down there.”
Lucy frowned. “It’s not necessary. She said they will drive down. Besides, aren’t you disinherited and jobless now?”
He shrugged. “I might be disinherited, but that doesn’t leave us dirt poor. When my grandmother passed away, she left Ty and me a sizeable inheritance. My father created us a trust fund, and I received a monthly allowance from it when I turned eighteen, but got it all on my twenty-fifth birthday. I invested my money wisely.”
Lucy handed him a steamy mug. “As long as there’s money for hot chocolate, we’ll survive.”
Paul laughed. “I’m glad to hear you have your priorities straight.”
Lucy took a sip from her mug. “When will we return to Houston? I have a wedding to organize.”
“I thought your mother’s planning the whole thing?”
“She is, but I have to keep an eye on her to make sure she doesn’t go overboard.”
Nikki and Tyler ran into the kitchen, took a seat at the table, and grabbed their hot chocolate.
“Mmmm …” Tyler said as he took a sip. “I love this stuff.”
Lucy frowned and looked at Paul. “They never had hot chocolate before?”
Paul shrugged. “There is a lot of things we didn’t have until you came along.”
Lucy shook her head. Although her family was considered wealthy, she had a normal upbringing. Her parents had humble beginnings and her father built a successful business from nothing. Her brother and she were raised like any other kid in their school.
That evening, after Nikki and Tyler went to bed, Paul and Lucy curled up on the sofa in the TV lounge. Lucy lay in Paul’s arms and rested her head on his chest.
He had his arms wrapped around her. “I missed this.”
She hugged his arms. “Me too.”
After they watched a program on television, he took her hand and led her up the stairs to his room.
In the doorway, she stopped and pulled back on his hand. “Do you plan to seduce me every night?”
A flicker of uncertainty showed in his eyes. “Eh, yes. Why?”
Lucy laughed and dived on the bed. “Just checking.”
The following morning, when they dropped the kids off at school, Paul went into the principal’s office and explained that they were moving to Houston at the end of the week. The principal was noticeably disappointed to lose such a high-profile parent, but wished Paul and Lucy well.
After settling things at school, Paul found a real estate agent to handle the sale of his house.
As they watched the agent erect a “For Sale” sign, Paul turned to Lucy. “Until we can find our own place in Houston, where will we stay? I don’t think you will take to Hotel living.”
Lucy laughed. “No, and my dad will never allow it. My parents said we can stay in the guesthouse until we can find a place of our own. The guesthouse only has three bedrooms, so Nikki and Tyler will have to share a room for a while, and Elsa can stay in the third room.”
“I’m sure we’ll manage, but what about the children’s school?” Paul asked.
Lucy shrugged. “We can enroll them in the same school I attended. It’s a public school, but they do have a kindergarten class for Tyler. The school bus will pick them up at the end of the driveway every morning and will drop them off again in the afternoon.”
Paul frowned. The thought of his children attending a public school and riding a bus was something he had to get used to, but it was in line with his new life. Sharon kept the children isolated, and even at their current school, they didn’t have many friends.
The move to Houston would give Nikki and Tyler the chance to be normal children, something they never experienced.
Two days later, they were packed and ready to move. Most of the furniture would be sold with the house, but the few things that Paul wanted to keep, along with his vehicles, a moving company would ship to Houston.
Nikki and Tyler were excited about moving to the farm and eagerly helped to pack.
The evening before their flight, Paul talked to his father on the phone. “Yes, Dad, we are all packed and ready to go. We are booked on the first flight tomorrow morning to Houston.”
“You are flying commercial?” Carlton asked.
“Yes, Dad. After mother’s outburst, I didn’t think she would allow me the use of the family jet.”
His father’s voice had a hint of irritation. “You are still part of this family. We’re not using the jet tomorrow. I’ll make sure it is in Cincinnati for you in the morning.”
Paul sighed. “Dad, do you think it’s wise to antagonize mother any further?”
“Son, this is your life now, and the sooner she accepts it, the better.”
Paul didn’t voice it to his father, but he doubted that his mother would ever accept his choice for a wife.
Lucy was sitting on the bed when Paul walked into the room. “How’s your dad?”
Paul smiled. “He’s good. He’s sending the jet for us in the morning.”
Lucy frowned. “Wouldn’t that get him into trouble with your mother?”
Paul nodded. “Yes, but I think after all the years of giving my mother her way, he’s enjoying this rebellious streak.”
The following morning, a car came to pick them up and took them to the private airfield. When they left Cincinnati, the sky was grey and it was freezing cold, but when they landed in Houston two hours later, it was a bright, sunny day.
“I definitely like the weather here better,” Paul said as he stepped from the plane.
He rented a car, and that time, he managed to get an SUV.
When they arrived on the farm, Lucy’s parents greeted them heartily. While Elsa helped Nikki and Tyler settled into their room, Tom called Lucy and Paul onto the porch of the main house.
“I looked into places for sale nearby, but there’s nothing,” Tom said. “The estate agent I contacted said there might be something by spring, but people in this area are not eager to sell.”
Paul and Lucy looked at each other.
Disappointment washed over their faces.
“What will we do now?” Lucy asked.
Paul shrugged. “I’m sure we will find a place.”
Tom rubbed his chin. “A while ago I bought that little piece of land that borders our farm near the stream from old man Miller. It’s not much, only about twenty five acres, and there are no buildings on the land. It’s big enough to build a house and have a few stables. You can even open your own riding school like you want.”
Lucy’s face lit up. “Really?”
Tom nodded. “Yes, really. Your mother and I talked it over, and it will be nice to have you all close by. We give that land to you as a wedding present.”
Lucy looked at Paul. He shrugged and smiled. “Since I was young, it was always a dream of mine to build my own house. We can design our own place from scratch exactly the way we want it.”
She jumped and threw her arms around her father. “Thank you, Daddy.”
Later, while Paul talked to Tom on the porch, Lucy followed her mother to the kitchen.
Bernice glanced at Lucy. “Do you have something on your mind?”
Lucy stared at her feet, looking uncomfortable. “Eh, will Dad and you have a problem if I stay with Paul in the guesthouse?”
Her mother smiled. “We already know that you two slept together in Cincinnati, so there’s no use in pretending otherwise. In a few weeks, he’ll be your husband, so we might as well get used to the idea now.”
Lucy blushed, her mind racing, desperately searching for something to change the subject, but found nothing.
Bernice gave a slight smile at Lucy’s discomfort. “Your father spoke to Steve Ferrell. He’s agreed to help you and Paul with the design for your new house.”
Lucy frowned. The last time she spoke to Steve, her childhood friend, he was living in California and working as a junior architect for a large firm.
“I didn’t know Steve was back.”
Her mother shook her head. “He’s visiting his parents for a few days. You know news around here spreads like wildfire.”
Lucy sighed. “It probably won’t be long before everyone knows I’m back.”
“Oh, they already know,” Bernice said.
Lucy’s brows knitted together. “How an earth would they know that? Nobody has seen me yet?”
Bernice shrugged. “I might have let something slipped when I talked to Cassandra Slater.”
Shock filled Lucy’s eyes. “Why would you tell her something like that? She’s the community gossip and can’t keep her mouth shut. By now everyone in the area know I ran back home.”
Bernice gave a sly smile. “No, they know that you came home to introduce your handsome fiancé.”
“Mother! Please tell me you didn’t tell her who Paul is?”
“Of course I didn’t. I just said you got engaged to a handsome man you met in Cincinnati.”
Lucy breathed a sigh of relief. The last thing they needed was for the press to get wind of Paul’s engagement. Once it was out in the media, it would give Victoria another platform to attack her.
When they joined the men on the porch, Lucy took Paul’s hand. “Want to see where we’re going to live?”
He nodded, and she led him to the stables. They saddled their horses and set off in a westerly direction. Half an hour later, they reigned in the horses on a slight rise that overlooked a large area of land.
“What do you think?” Lucy asked.
Paul let his eyes glance over the land. It was mostly flat, with a large clump of trees the main feature in the rolling meadow.
“We can build the main house near those trees. In that clearing beyond there is plenty of space for your riding school.”
Lucy smiled, but then a frown formed on her forehead. “Have you thought about what you’re going to be doing out here? You don’t strike me as the kind of person we can sit around and do nothing.”
Paul shrugged. “You’re right, I’m not. I’m not a farmer either. Once we are settled, I might look for something in the city. It’s only a forty-minute drive.”
Lucy nodded. “That can work.”
They steered the horses to the trees and dismounted. For the next hour they discussed the layout of their future home. What they wanted in and around the house. Where they wanted the stables and outbuildings, and a play area for the children.
While they were talking, Paul watched Lucy. She beamed with excitement. She was unlike any woman he ever met, but was exactly the kind of companion he always wanted. Not only would she be his wife and mother to his children, but also a friend that could share his everyday experiences.
She liked to laugh, and brought happiness to everyone around her. Although she was from a wealthy family, she was not materialistic. She didn’t need expensive gifts to make her happy.
Paul took her hand and pulled her against him. He looked lovingly into her eyes. “I love you, and I look forward to our life together.”
Lucy smiled and put a gentle hand to the side of his face. “You are my prince charming. A dream that came true and I love you with all my heart.”
He lowered his head and their lips met. It was not a kiss of passion and lust, but the meeting of two loving souls that belonged together. They were ready to the share the rest of their lives.
When they mounted their horses to return to the guesthouse, they had a good picture of what their future home would be like.

Chapter 24

The following morning Lucy and Paul met with Steve Ferrell. Although Lucy and Steve kept in touch via E-mail and social media, she hadn’t seen him in person since they both finished school, and was nervous.
The person that stepped out of the car had the same red hair, the same freckles, and the same devious look in his eyes. The awkward scrawny boy she knew in school had turned into a handsome, well-built man.
At the sight of Steve, all nervousness left and Lucy ran down the steps to welcome her old friend. “Stevie. You look great!”
They hugged and then Steve held her at arm’s-length. “Wow, Luce. You really blossomed since I last saw you.”
Lucy blushed and poked him in the chest. “So did you.”
He flexed his muscles. “At least the time spent in the gym is well noticed.”
Lucy laughed. “So when are you getting married to some Californian hottie?”
Steve shrugged. “When I meet the right girl. I keep measuring them up to you, and sadly, they all come up short.”
She slapped him in the chest. “Flattery will get you everywhere.”
Lucy took his hand and led him toward the porch. “Come, I want you to meet someone.”
Paul started to come down the steps, but paused at the bottom step, observing Lucy’s interaction with Steve with a hint of jealousy in his eyes.
Lucy and Steve stopped at the bottom of the steps. “Steve, I would like to introduce you to the love of my life, Paul Cunningham. Paul, this is my friend since kindergarten, Steve Ferrell.”
Steve started to stretch out his hand toward Paul, and then his eyes widened. “THE Paul Cunningham?”
Paul shrugged and shook Steve’s hand. “I’m pleased to meet you.”
Before Steve could inquire further about Paul, Bernice’s voice distracted him. “Stevie. It’s so good to see you again.”
Steve laughed and ran up the steps to hug Lucy’s mom. “Only you, Lucy, and my mom still call me Stevie. It’s good to see you again, Mrs. C.”
Once all the greetings were done, Lucy, Paul, and Steve took a seat on the porch.
Steve reached inside a bag, pulled out a folder, and handed it to Paul. “My portfolio. A few projects I worked on.”
Paul took the folder and flipped through the pages. All the fears he had about Lucy’s friend designing their future home evaporated at the sight of the professional designs.
Paul had an eye for architecture and looked impressed. “These are good.”
Lucy laughed and winked at her friend.
Paul returned the folder. “How much will you charge to design our home?”
Steve shook his head. “I wanted to be an architect since kindergarten. I promised Lucy that I would one day design her dream house. I can’t accept money for that, but I would be honored if I could add it to my portfolio.”
Paul frowned at the smile on Steve’s face while he looked at Lucy, but nobody noticed.
For the next hour, Paul and Lucy described what they wanted for their home. Steve took notes, made a few rough sketches to illustrate their ideas, and they would add or make changes.
For the most part, Lucy was doing the talking, describing what she wanted. Paul would watch her with a bemused smile on his face, but she asked his opinion on everything, and they weren’t satisfied until they both agreed on something.
When they were done, Steve put his stuff in his bag with a good idea of what Lucy and Paul wanted.
Satisfied, Lucy clapped her hands together. “Anybody for a beer?”
Both Paul and Steve nodded, and she disappeared into the house.
Paul stared at Steve for a moment. “Were you ever in love with her?”
Steve smiled at the direct question. “We spent a lot of time together, and I know her better than anybody else. A lot of people thought we had a thing going. She’s an amazing woman, and it would have been easy, but no. She’s my best friend and I will always love her, but she’s like my sister.”
Paul nodded at the honesty in the other man’s eyes. The woman he was about to marry, her best friend was a man, and it was a fact he had to get used to, because Steve would be part of their lives.
Steve could guess what went through Paul’s mind. “Do you have a problem with me being her friend?”
Paul smiled and shook his head. “I must admit, it is different, but then again, so is everything about her. No, I don’t have a problem with that.”
When Lucy emerged from the house, Paul and Steve were discussing football like old friends. She paused in the doorway and smiled. One of her fears was that Paul and Steve would not get along. It was important to her that the men in her life got along.
The next couple of weeks turned into a hive of activity as they prepared for the wedding. Bernice booked an appointment for Lucy to see a designer in Houston for a wedding dress. The evening before their trip, Lucy sat at the kitchen table with her laptop and sighed.
“What’s wrong?” Paul asked as he walked into the kitchen.
Lucy pointed at the computer screen “I’m chatting with Cheryl. I wish she could be here tomorrow to accompany me.”
Paul shrugged. “Why don’t you ask her?”
Lucy frowned. “For starters, she’s a thousand miles away.”
Paul held a finger in the air and pulled his cell phone from his pocket. “Hi, Dad.”
After a brief exchange of pleasantries, Paul addressed the reason for his call. “Dad, is anyone using the jet tomorrow?”
He explained his need for the jet.
After he hung up the phone, he made another call, and then turned to Lucy. “Tell Cheryl to be ready at 7 am. A car will pick her up and take her to the airfield where the jet will be waiting.”
Lucy’s eyes widened. “Really?”
When Paul nodded, Lucy jumped up and threw her arms around his neck. “Thank you, my darling.”
Paul kissed his bride-to-be. “For you, sweetheart, anytime. I don’t know how much longer we’ll have that luxury, but we can make use of it while it’s still there.”
She returned to the computer and typed furiously.
The following morning, when Lucy and her mother pulled up to the sidewalk outside the designer’s store, a beaming Cheryl waited their arrival.
She hugged Lucy. “I feel like a princess. Jason was so jealous when he heard I was going to fly in a private plane. Wow, what a day.”
Lucy laughed. “I’m so happy that you can be here. I hope your husband is not upset that I stole you for the day.”
Cheryl waved a hand in the air. “Nah. He’s a big boy and will survive one day without me.”
They stepped into the store where they were met by an assistant. Bernice explained who they were, and that they had an appointment with the designer.
A woman with short, ash-blonde hair introduced herself. “I’m Anne Rutherford. Let’s talk in my office.”
Once they were seated in Anne’s large office, the designer grabbed a notebook and looked at Lucy. “When is the wedding date?”
Lucy tugged at her hair. “In less than three weeks.”
Anne frowned. “I normally need at least three months’ notice to design a wedding dress.”
Lucy glanced at her mother, and then at the designer with a bewildered look. “Will that be a problem?”
Anne made a note on the notepad. “I don’t like to rush, but I’ll have the dress ready. Do you have anything specific in mind?”
For the next half an hour, they discussed a few ideas. Lucy explained that Nikki would be her flower girl and her two sisters would be bridesmaids. Anne made notes and showed Lucy a few rough sketches of what she had in mind. The assistant took Lucy’s measurements, and to Cheryl’s surprise, she was also measured for a dress.
Lucy smiled. “You are my matron of honor. I don’t expect you to make your own dress.”
“I hope you don’t mind pink,” Bernice said. “That is Lucy’s favorite color and the theme of the wedding will be white and pink.”
Cheryl shrugged. “I hope it’s not shocking pink. That will clash with my eyes.”
Bernice laughed. “No, it is more a soft, salmon pink.”
After they selected shoes and accessories that will go with their dresses, Lucy and Cheryl went to a nearby restaurant for lunch, while Bernice went off to see a florist about the flowers needed for the wedding.
Sitting opposite Lucy in the restaurant, Cheryl placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “You are beaming. You look so happy.”
Lucy smiled. “For a long time in my life, I thought this would never not be possible. Now I’m getting married to the most amazing man with two adorable children. And I couldn’t have asked for a better friend to share this with.”
“I aim to please,” Cheryl said.
It was only a few hours they got to spend together, but both women appreciated the time. After lunch, Lucy walked Cheryl to her car where the driver held open the door. The friends hugged.
“I’ll see you in less than three weeks,” Lucy said as Cheryl slid into the back seat.
She waved as the car pulled away. Cheryl waved through the back window until the car disappeared around the corner. Lucy smiled at a few curious onlookers and then walked in the direction of the flower shop searching for her mother.
Her spirit was soaring as she basked in the happiness. She wanted to skip and dance as she walked down the sidewalk.
As the wedding day crept closer, Lucy got more nervous. Her father had one of the barns cleared and cleaned for the wedding reception, and organized with a local band to provide the music. When Tom informed Paul and Lucy that the music was arranged, they looked at each other.
“I hope you packed your dancing shoes,” Lucy said with a smile.
Paul frowned. “What type of dancing are we talking about?”
Lucy shrugged. “Mostly line and square dancing.”
A nervous look crossed Paul’s face. “I have never done that. The events my parents host are all stately affairs where everyone does ballroom dancing.”
Lucy took his hand. “I can teach you country and western dancing, and you can teach me ballroom dancing.”
That evening, in the barn, Lucy set up a sound system and roped her brother in so they could show Paul how it was done. Paul watched the dancing with interest. It was much livelier than what he was used to.
Ty and he had ballroom lessonsfrom a young age. Sharon followed that tradition and she wouldn’t be caught near a bar or dance place that hosted country and western dancing.
Paul had to admit, watching Lucy and Devon step around the floor looked like fun. At first, they showed him line dancing, and then country dancing. With the country dancing, he recognized a few moves that were borrowed from ballroom dancing, and felt more confident in attempting the dance.
Once Lucy and Devon completed their instruction, she took Paul’s hand and led him onto the dance floor. They started with a line dance, and she showed him the basic steps. Paul was an excellent dancer and was quick to pick up the moves.
He felt more at ease with the country dancing, and an hour later, Lucy and he were swinging and twirling around the dance floor. While Lucy showed Paul, Devon taught Nikki, with Tyler making up his own version of the dance. At first it was just them, but the blaring country and western music soon attracted a curious crowd.
The work day had ended, and the workers drifted into the barn to see what was going on. Tom grabbed Bernice and swung her around the dance floor. That was the sign the others were waiting for, and they joined in.
The following morning, Lucy was sitting at the kitchen table sipping on a cup of coffee, when Paul walked in. He walked gingerly, like he was walking on egg shells.
Lucy raised an eyebrow. “And now?”
Paul gave an embarrassed laugh. “I haven’t danced that much in quite a while.”
Lucy walked over and threw her arms around his neck. “Then you need more practice. Ronnie Little is throwing a birthday bash for his son this Saturday, and we’re invited. Besides all the dancing, it will also be a good chance for you to meet people from the community.”
Paul lowered his head and kissed Lucy. “Sounds like fun.”
She poured him a cup of coffee. “What are your plans for the day?”
He took a sip from the mug. “I have to go into Houston to get our wedding license, but I also got a call from Barry Greystone, our family lawyer, last night. He wants to see me, and I agreed to meet him in Houston.”
Lucy frowned. “What’s that all about?”
Paul shrugged. “Probably some forms my mother sent for me to sign.”
“Nothing bad, I hope.”
Paul shook his head. “I have no idea, but I’ll find out soon enough.”
An hour later Paul slid behind the wheel of his silver Lexus, which arrived a few days earlier. The luxury vehicle looked out of place on the farm.
He glanced at Tom’s pickup truck that was parked nearby. “I have to get me one of those,” he muttered to himself.
Paul met with the county clerk, and after declining the invite to a premarital workshop, he obtained the license. He left the county clerk’s office with a huge smile on his face. It was one step closer to being married to Lucy.
Paul met the family lawyer in a coffee shop.
After they shook hands, Paul took a seat opposite the lawyer. “What’s up, Barry?”
Barry Greystone opened his briefcase, but paused. “Sometimes I hate this job, but I have to do as your mother asked.”
Paul frowned. “Barry, what’s going on?”
The lawyer sighed. “Paul, I’m really sorry about this.”
He handed Paul a manila envelope. Paul took the envelope, opened it, pulled out a piece of paper, and scanned over the document. All the color drained from his face. It was not what he expected.
In his hands he held a court order issued by a judge in Chicago that prohibits him from getting married pending an investigation into Lucy’s past.

Chapter 25

Outside the coffee shop, in the front seat of the Lexus, Paul stared at the piece of paper in his hand. He expected some backlash from his mother, but didn’t think she would sink that low.
He was prepared for being disinherited. Even if he was disowned from the family, he would have dealt with it, but instead of coming after him, his mother decided to launch an attack against Lucy. With shaking hands he tossed the court order on the passenger seat and fished his cell phone from his pocket.
His dad answered.
Paul’s voice trembled with emotion. “Dad, it’s me. Are you aware of what Mother did?”
Carlton sighed. “What did she do now?”
Paul glanced at the piece of paper on the passenger seat. “She obtained a court order to stop the wedding.”
“What?”
Paul closed his eyes. His father had no idea. “Barry Greystone handed me the document a few minutes ago. It is an order signed by Judge Felton that prohibits the wedding pending an investigation into Lucy’s past. Mother must have told him that Lucy has ulterior motives.”
After a few moments of silence, Carlton spoke. “Let me talk to your mother. I’ll phone you right back.”
Paul stared at the phone in his hand and then placed it gingerly in the holder underneath the dashboard. What does he say to Lucy? Tom Campbell didn’t strike him as a man that would take something like that lying down.
That could be the start of a family feud, with Lucy and him caught in the middle. Ten minutes later, Paul jumped when his phone started to ring. He glanced at the display. It was his father.
“Dad?”
Carlton’s voice sounded tired. “I spoke to your mother. She’s not going to back down.”
Paul sighed. “What do I do now?”
“I checked with the captain. The jet is still in Houston waiting for Barry. I asked him to wait for you. Fly here so we can deal with this face to face.”
Paul glanced at his watch. It was almost noon. “What do I tell Lucy?”
“Nothing. She doesn’t have to know yet.”
Paul frowned. “Dad, I have to tell her something. I probably won’t make it back before tonight, and I don’t want to lie to her.”
Carlton thought for a moment. “Tell her I want to discuss some urgent business with you.”
Paul nodded. That was not exactly a lie.
After he hung up the phone with his dad, Paul selected Lucy’s number and hit the dial button.
It rang a while before she answered.
Paul forced a smile. “Hon, I hate to do this on such short notice, but I have to fly to Chicago. I have some urgent business to discuss with my parents. If I don’t make it back tonight, I’ll return early tomorrow morning.”
On the farm, Lucy was sitting on the porch of the guesthouse discussing wedding details with her mother.
She frowned. “Is everything alright?”
“Yes,” Paul answered, but she heard the hesitation in his voice. “Will you be okay with the kids?”
“Of course.”
Paul broke the short, uncomfortable silence. “I’ll phone you later from Chicago. I love you.”
“I love you too. Be careful,” Lucy said.
Bernice looked curiously at Lucy. “Is everything all right?”
Lucy shrugged. “I hope so. Paul has to go to Chicago to attend to urgent business.”
Bernice placed a hand on Lucy’s arm. “Why do you look so worried?”
Lucy shook her head. “It wasn’t anything he said, but he sounded strange, like he was hiding something from me. I hope his mother is not giving him a hard time. She’s not exactly thrilled with me and is not in favor of a union between Paul and me.”
Bernice folded her arms and raised her eyebrows. “Is that so? I only met her once at a gala a few years ago. Even then I thought she was a stuck up bitch. Maybe I should phone her and give her a piece of my mind.”
Lucy’s hand flew to her mouth. “Mom!”
Bernice rolled her eyes. “But it’s true.”
Lucy shook her head. She almost forgot how fiery her mother could be. Something she inherited from her.
“As much as I would like to hear that conversation, I think we better wait until Paul gets back. For all we know she summoned him to Chicago to give us her blessing, and he is just nervous to face her.”
Bernice pressed her lips together. “Fine, but if he doesn’t return with good news, I’m phoning her. Now where were we?”
Lucy stared at the pictures from the catalog in her mother’s hands, but her mind was with Paul. The wedding was less than a week away, and the last thing she needed was for somebody to cause them problems.
Low gray clouds covered the sky when the plane touched down in Chicago. The attendant opened the door, and when Paul stepped into the doorway, a blast of cold air hit him.
He swore and pulled the thin jacket tighter. When they left Texas, the weather was sunny and pleasant, but Chicago was cold and miserable. Paul didn’t have a chance to grab additional clothing before the left Texas.
Barry Greystone was better prepared for the cold weather, and thrust his hands deep into the pockets of his thick, leather coat. “Do you want to borrow my coat?”
Paul glanced at the lawyer and shook his head. “I’ll be okay once I get to my parents’ house. I have extra clothing there.”
He ran down the steps and ducked into the backseat of the waiting car. Blowing on his hands, he rubbed them together to ward off the cold. When the car reached the Cunningham mansion, Paul hurried into the warm house.
Paul knew he would find his mother in her usual lounge, but instead, he headed up the stairs to the billiard room. His father sat in a lounge chair in the corner next to a crackling fire.
He looked up from his book when Paul entered the room. “Ah, you made it.”
Paul went to the fire and held his hands out to the flames. “It is freezing out there.”
Carlton marked his spot with a bookmark and placed the book on a small table next to his chair. “What did you tell Lucy?”
Paul ran a hand through his hair. “I told her I have to discuss urgent business with you.”
His father nodded. “Good. That poor girl has suffered enough.”
Paul took a seat in the empty chair next to his father. “How are we going to deal with this if mother doesn’t want to back down?”
Carlton sighed. “I know another lawyer we can use. We can counter the court order, but it might take a few days.”
“Dad, the wedding is less than a week away.”
“I know. I suggest you speak to your mother first and see if you can’t change her mind. Maybe she will listen to you.”
Paul got to his feet. “No matter what she’s trying to do, it won’t work. I will marry Lucy.”
His father nodded. “Good for you. Stick to your guns.”
Paul smiled at his father. That was his way. Since Tyler and he were young, his dad was good with advice, but rarely stood up against his mother. Her say was the final word.
Paul paused at the top of the steps. Since high school, he frequently clashed heads with his mother, and mostly went his own way. However, when his mother really pressed, he tended to back down.
That was one time he would not back down no matter what his mother said. He loved Lucy, and she meant the world to him, and to his children. He took a deep breath and walked down the stairs.
Victoria Cunningham sat in her usual chair and flipped through a company report. 
When Paul entered, she looked over the rim of her glasses. “I thought it was you who I heard storming through the house. What are you doing here?”
Paul took a seat opposite her without his usual peck on her cheek. His gesture of defiance didn’t escape her as she placed the folder on the coffee table.
His hands were trembling, but with Lucy in his mind, he looked at his mother. “Why are you doing this?”
Victoria took a sip from her tea. “Why am I doing what?”
A look of irritation crossed Paul’s face. “You know well what I’m talking about. The court order.”
She stared at him a few moments before answering. “Do you honestly expect me to stand by idly while I watch you make the biggest mistake of your life?”
Paul shook his head. “Mother, it is not a mistake. I love Lucy, and the children adore her.”
“In a few years from now, you will realize your mistake and thank me.”
He stared at his mother for a moment. “It seems you don’t know me as well as you think you do.”
She wagged a finger at him. “I always do what is best for you and your brother.”
Paul shook his head. “No, Mother. You always do what is best for you.”
Anger flashed in Victoria’s eyes. “Don’t take that tone with me. I am your mother and I know what is best.”
Paul’s laugh was short, almost mocking. “Mother, I am not a child anymore. I can make up my own mind about what is good for me and what is not. Lucy is good for me. We love each other, and no matter what you say or do, I will marry her.”
Victoria could not contain her anger anymore and jumped to her feet. “No son of mine will marry an abomination like that. I will not allow it!”
Paul felt the anger surge through his veins, but he kept his voice even. “Mother, I am not asking your permission. I am over twenty-one and can do as I please and marry who I want.”
His mother’s face now turned red. “You will not marry that tramp. I will use every resource at my disposal to stop you.”
Paul shook his head. “You might be able to delay the wedding for a few days, but in the end, we will still get married. Besides, what makes you think Lucy’s family will just accept the fact that you think their daughter is not good enough for your son?”
Paul was now also on his feet. “This will start a family war that will not be good for the Cunningham name. Over the years the Cunninghams have always taken pride in fighting for the minorities, and now when I want to marry someone who, in your mind, falls into one of those minority categories, you want to make a fuss about it. When the media gets wind of this, you will be crucified.”
Victoria shook her head. “The media will believe what I tell them. Who would they rather believe, me, a pillar of the community, or some hick family in the middle of Hickville?”
Paul’s hearty laughter caught Victoria by surprise. “What are you laughing at?”
He held up his hands as he tried to catch his breath. “You really have no idea, do you?”
Victoria frowned. “What are you talking about?”
Paul shook his head. “You should have done that background check on Lucy when you wanted to. I seriously doubt Tom Campbell will appreciate you calling him a hick and his daughter a tramp.”
Victoria paled. “What?”
Paul took pleasure in the confusion on his mother’s face. “Lucy is Tom Campbell’s daughter. We are staying in the guesthouse on their farm. He gave us a piece of land as a wedding present. As soon as the plans are approved, we will build our own house on our own land.”
The news took Victoria by surprise and the shock made her legs feel wobbly. She stumbled back and took a seat in her chair.
“I always liked Tom Campbell,” Carlton said behind them.
Victoria shook her head in disbelief. “This doesn’t change anything. The court order will still stand.”
Carlton waved a hand in the air. “Don’t be silly. One of Tom’s best friends is a Supreme Court judge. He will have the court order overturned in no time.”
Victoria didn’t answer, but her mouth was pulled in a stubborn pout.
Carlton took a seat next to his wife and took her hand in his. “Lucy is a good person from an upstanding family. Will it be such a bad thing if Paul got married to her?”
Victoria pulled her hand away. “How do you think it would reflect on our family if Paul got married to a transvestite? What will all my friends think about me?”
Paul’s eyes narrowed. “So that is what this is all about. You! It is not about the family or my happiness. You are more concerned about what people will think of you. Well, I just hope your friends have a better understanding of transgender people because you have no clue!”
Victoria stared at Paul in shock. They had their disagreements in the past, but never had he spoke to her in such a harsh tone.
Shaking his head, Carlton rose to his feet. “I have to agree with Paul. In this day and age it is not a big deal anymore. Anybody looking at Lucy will see nothing but a beautiful young woman.”
“I won’t,” Victoria said.
“That is because you choose not to see what a lovely person she is,” Carlton answered. “If you go ahead with this madness against Lucy, I will make it clear it is not my position and that I am in full support of Paul and Lucy. I will apologize to Tom Campbell and make it perfectly clear that the Cunningham family has nothing against him or his daughter.”
The frown between Victoria’s eyes deepened. If Carlton Cunningham made a public statement, it would be left on her and she would be made out to be the witch. She would not be able to hide behind the Cunningham name.
She gave a deep sigh. “Alright, alright. I will phone Barry and tell him to retract the court order, but that doesn’t mean I agree with this madness.”
Paul stared at his mother for a moment, and then his face broke out in a smile. “Thank you, Mother.”
He stepped forward, kissed his mother on the cheek, and hugged her with one arm.
She looked at her son. “Just don’t come crying to me when you realize you made a terrible mistake.”
Paul laughed. “I must admit, I made a few mistakes in my life. Marrying Lucy is not one of them.”

Chapter 26

“Are you staying the night?” Carlton asked.
Paul glanced at his watch. “It is still early enough. If I hurry, I can be back in Houston before dark.”
His father’s face fell. “I was hoping to spend a little time with you before the wedding. We haven’t seen much of each other since you moved to Cincinnati.”
A guilty look crossed Paul’s face. When Sharon and he lived in Chicago, his dad and he got together at least once a week. He knew his dad always looked forward to the time he got to spend with his sons.
“Are you coming to the wedding?” Paul asked.
Carlton nodded. “Most definitely.” He jutted a thumb in Victoria’s direction. “I don’t know if the old battle-axe will come, but your brother and I will be there.”
Paul ignored the snort from his mother and placed a hand on his father’s shoulder. “Why don’t you come down a few days early? I’m sure Tom would like to see you again, and I can show you around. Besides, the weather is much better in Houston.”
Carlton smiled. “Sounds like a great idea. I have something I want to run by you anyway.”
Paul frowned. “What is it?”
Carlton waved a hand in the air. “It can wait. You better run if you want to get back before dark. I’ll phone Andre and make sure he has the plane ready.”
Paul walked to his mother and gave her a peck on the cheek. “Thank you, Mother.”
Victoria waved a hand in the air, but she couldn’t conceal the slight smile.
Paul ran up to his old room and grabbed a leather coat from the cupboard. He said goodbye to his father and then jumped into the waiting car. His mood was considerably lighter than when he arrived.
On his way to the airfield, he phoned Lucy. “Hi, Darling. Yes, I’m still in Chicago, but I’m on my way back. Yes, the business with my parents went well and everything is now sorted. I’ll see you soon. Love you, bye.”
When he arrived at the private airfield, the clouds looked darker and a few snowflakes fluttered to the ground.
The captain greeted him at the bottom of the steps to the plane. “She’s ready to fly, but I’ve received a report of some nasty weather over Tennessee and Arkansas.”
Paul frowned. “Can we fly around it?”
The captain shook his head. “I don’t think it will be necessary, but it’s going to be a bumpy ride.”
Paul shrugged. “I can handle bumpy.”
Five minutes later they were in the air. Once the captain brought the plane to cruising altitude, they exited the cloudbank and had mostly sunny skies overhead. Paul glanced through the window and sighed. There might be stormy weather ahead, but for Lucy and him, it would be sunny skies.

*****

In Houston, Lucy informed her mother that Paul was on his way back.
They sat at the small kitchen table in the guesthouse. Bernice glanced at her daughter. She had no doubt that Victoria had something to do with Paul’s sudden visit to Chicago. “I hope he got his business sorted.”
Lucy smiled. “He sounded cheerful, so I would say it went well.”
“That is good to know. Maybe Victoria will even attend the wedding.”
Lucy shook her head. “I doubt it went that well.”
“Are you and Paul going to the dance tomorrow night?”
“Yes. Paul is a good dancer, but we need more practice before the wedding.”
Bernice noticed Lucy chewing on the back of a pen. “Are you nervous?”
“About the wedding? No,” Lucy answered. “I am anxious, but not nervous.”
“Then what is it that has you in such a knot?”
Lucy placed the pen on the table and clasped her hands together. “I don’t know, but I’ll feel much better once Paul gets home.”
Bernice laughed. “I always get nervous when your father travels. Speaking of your father, I better go see what he’s up to.”
Lucy nodded and wished her mother a good night. After Bernice left, Elsa informed her that it was time for the children to go to bed. Lucy tucked them in, and with a hug and a kiss wished them a good night.
As it got later, the knot in Lucy’s stomach got worse. She could not explain the sensation, but it made her hands shake. She pranced around the bedroom, glancing at her phone, but there was no word.
Two hours after she expected Paul, she tried to call his cell, but there was no answer. She left a voicemail and then stared at the phone. Where was he? Surely if he was delayed he would have let her know.
After a while, she told herself that she was being silly, and laid down on the bed. Clutching the phone to her chest, she fell asleep.
The crow of a nearby rooster yanked Lucy from a restless sleep. For a moment she was unaware of her surroundings, but then reached out and touched the empty space next to her. With a jolt she sat up and flipped on the light on the nightstand.
She stared at the empty bed where Paul should be, and then looked around the room, but there was no sign that he returned. The knot in her stomach tightened as she ruffled through the covers searching for her phone. When she found the device, she looked at the time with trembling hands. It was almost dawn.
There were no missed calls and no messages. She flipped to her contacts, selected Paul’s number, and hit dial. It went straight to voicemail. Lucy frowned and stared at the device in her hand.
Angst threatened to overcome her. She felt its fingers creep up her chest and settle around her throat. With a stifled yell, she tossed the phone on the nightstand and jumped of the bed, grabbed her jeans that hung over the chair in the corner, and put them on.
Once fully dressed, she stared at the phone for a moment, then grabbed it again and dialed Paul’s number. Again it went to voicemail.
She had tears in her eyes. “Paul, where are you?”
Did she misunderstand when he said he was on his way back? Did he stay over at his parents and mean only to return that morning? Who else could she call? She didn’t have his parents’ phone number.
She walked to Paul’s side of the bed and opened the drawer to his nightstand. A touch of guilt ran through her as she ruffled through the contents, but then found what she was searching for. Paul’s phone book.
She found Carlton’s number and dialed it on her phone. It rang four times before Paul’s father answered.
“This better be important,” he said with a gruff, sleepy voice.
“Mister Cunningham, this is Lucy. I’m terribly sorry to bother you so early.”
Now Carlton was wide awake. “Lucy? How can I help you?”
“Paul said yesterday afternoon that he was on his way back, but he’s not here yet, and he’s not answering his phone. I am worried sick. Did he perhaps stay over in Chicago?”
Lucy’s words shocked Carlton. “Eh, no. He left here for the airfield around four. He should have been in Houston early last night.”
Lucy fought back the tears. “He never made it to the farm, and he didn’t call either.”
Carlton could hear the fear in her voice. “Let me make a few calls. I’ll phone you back.”
After Carlton hung up, she sat on the edge of the bed, clinging to the phone. After a few minutes, she walked over to the main house. She entered the kitchen through the back door, but there was no sign of her parents yet.
She laid the phone on the table and fixed a cup of coffee. As she sat down by the table, her mother walked in.
“I thought I heard somebody. Is everything alright?” Bernice asked.
Lucy jumped up and threw her arms around her mother. She could no longer stop the tears and sobbed on her mother’s shoulder.
After a moment, Bernice gently pushed Lucy away. “What’s wrong?”
Lucy wiped her tears. “Paul never made it home last night.”
Bernice frowned. “Maybe he stayed over in Chicago.”
Lucy shook her head. “No, I phoned his father. He said Paul left yesterday afternoon.”
Bernice placed a hand on Lucy’s shoulder. “Maybe it was too late when he landed in Houston and he decided to stay over in a hotel.”
Lucy held up her phone. “But he didn’t call. Even if his phone’s battery went flat, there are phones in the hotel. Paul would have phoned.”
Bernice didn’t know Paul that long, but she had to concede that Paul would have phoned.
When the phone started to ring, the sudden noise caused Lucy to jump.
“Maybe that’s him now,” Bernice said.
Lucy glanced at the display and shook her head. “No, it’s Paul’s dad.”
“Well, answer it.”
For a moment, Lucy stared at the phone, too scared what she might hear. With a shaking hand, she swiped the green button and answered the phone. “Mister Cunningham, did you find him?”
She listened to what Carlton said and then had to grab onto the chair for support. When Carlton was done speaking, she hung up the phone without a word.
Bernice saw that Lucy was in distress. “Did they find him?”
Lucy’s legs could not support her weight anymore, and she plopped into the nearest chair.
Her mother stared at her with anxious eyes. “What is it, Lucy? What happened?”
Lucy stared at her mother with tear-filled eyes. “Mom, his plane never made it to Houston.”
Shock filled Bernice’s eyes. “What happened?”
Lucy shook her head. “I don’t know. Paul’s dad say that the plane took off from Chicago, but that they lost contact with it over Arkansas. There was no distress call. They simply vanished.”
She could not contain herself any longer. Raw sobs burst from her chest. Bernice folded her arms around her daughter.
Moments later Tom walked into the kitchen. He heard his daughter’s cries. “What’s going on?”
Lucy was unable to answer.
Bernice looked up. “Paul’s plane disappeared yesterday afternoon on the way from Chicago.”
For the next hour, Lucy sat at the table, just staring in front of her. Her tether to the world had come apart. Her existence felt like it drifted aimlessly through space and time.
Tom went to the lounge and made numerous phone calls, trying to find out what happened. It was Saturday morning, so there was no school for the children.
Nikki and Tyler’s voices from outside jerked Lucy from her daze. She rushed to the kitchen sink and washed the tears from her face. When they entered the kitchen, Nikki noticed something was not right.
She looked at Lucy. “What’s wrong?”
Lucy glanced at her mother, who nodded. Lucy then hunched in front of the children and put a hand on them both. “It’s your father. We don’t know where he is. His plane went missing.”
Tom walked into the kitchen as Lucy wrapped her arms around Nikki and Tyler. “I just spoke to somebody I know at the FAA. They are aware that Paul’s plane went missing, but couldn’t do anything in the dark. They are sending out search planes this morning.”
Tyler was too young to grasp the situation, but Nikki understood. Gripped by fear of losing her father so soon after her mother, she couldn’t stop the tears. Lucy let her cry for a moment while she held her tight in her embrace.
“He is alright. They will find him,” she said.
Nikki swallowed a sob. “How do you know?”
“They have sophisticated search equipment.”
Nikki shook her head. “How do you know he’s alright? If his plane crashed, he’s probably dead.”
Lucy looked into Nikki’s tear-filled eyes, and calmness draped over her like a silk scarf. “I know he’s not dead. I can feel it. Your father and I have a special connection. If he is dead, I would know it.”
Nikki stared at Lucy for a moment and noticed the sincerity in her eyes. She threw her arms around Lucy’s neck. “He has to be okay.”
The phone rang in the other room. Tom rushed to answer it while the rest stared at the empty doorway in anticipation. They could hear Tom’s voice, but could not understand what was said.
When he returned to the kitchen, all eyes in the room were fixed on him.
He jutted a thumb in the direction of the lounge. “That was Paul’s father. There is no news on the plane yet, but he and Victoria are on their way here.”
Lucy glanced at her mother and noticed the concern in her eyes. It was true that she and Victoria didn’t see eye-to-eye, but she couldn’t worry about that. Her main focus was on Paul and the children. She nodded and then turned her attention to Nikki and Tyler. While they waited for news, she took care and kept the children occupied. It helped to keep her mind off the turmoil she felt inside.
Every time the phone rang, Lucy jumped and waited with a wildly beating heart on news, but most of the time it was someone who heard what happened and phoned to inquire if there was any progress.
They were still in the kitchen when Carlton and Victoria arrived in a black SUV. As soon as the vehicle stopped, the driver jumped out to open the door for Victoria. Lucy walked out onto the porch with her parents to greet Paul’s folks.
When Carlton and Victoria stepped out of the car, Lucy walked down the steps to meet them. Lucy took a sharp breath when she noticed Victoria. She almost didn’t recognize her.
The woman’s eyes were red and puffy, and she had none of her air of superiority. The woman that stepped out of the vehicle looked sad and lost. When it came down do it, she was a mother first, and her son was in peril.
Lucy walked up to her and took her hands. “Thank you for coming.”
For a moment, the two women stared at each other. There was no animosity. They shared a mutual sadness through the person that they both loved. Victoria was unsure what to say or do, and Lucy noticed it.
She stepped forward and then folded her arms around the woman. Victoria didn’t resist and found comfort in the warm embrace.

Chapter 27

The day dragged on. Morning became afternoon. Every time a phone rang everyone sat up, but there was no news other than a few people phoning with updates on the fruitless search. Somehow the media got wind of Paul’s disappearance, and that Carlton and Victoria Cunningham were on the farm.
Reporters set up camp at the entrance to the Campbell ranch. A number of eager journalists came to the house, but Devon and a couple of the ranch hands chased them away. After a call from Tom, the police arrived to keep the media in check and off the property.
At first, when Carlton and Victoria arrived, there was a tangible strain between the women of the two families. Although Lucy did her best to make Victoria feel welcome, Bernice was not so welcoming.
She was aware of the way Victoria treated her daughter, and that was not easily forgiven. Lucy brought Victoria tee with honey, made just the way she liked it. The housekeeper fixed sandwiches for lunch, but nobody was hungry.
The men kept clear of the women and sat in the lounge. Tom and Carlton were more relaxed in each other’s company and made small talk to take their minds off the situation.
In the kitchen, Victoria watched Lucy’s every movement. She did it in a way that the other two women didn’t notice. She watched Lucy’s interaction with the children, and the way they responded to her.
Later that afternoon, Carlton walked into the kitchen. “It’s getting late. We better head to the city and get checked into a hotel for the night.”
“No!” Both Campbell women said together.
Lucy glanced at her mother and then addressed Victoria. “There is no need. We have more than enough room here.”
For a moment she considered offering them her room in the guesthouse, but that would separate her from the children. She abandoned the thought as quickly as it entered her mind.
“You can sleep in my room upstairs. It has a queen-size bed and is more comfortable than any hotel room.”
“And if any news about Paul comes in, we will all be here together,” Bernice added.
Normally Victoria would have protested and insisted that they go to a luxury hotel, but the day’s events left her emotionally drained.
She nodded.
Bernice called the housekeeper to show them to their room, but Lucy stepped forward. “I’ll do it.”
She led Victoria up the stairs to her old room while the men returned to the lounge for an evening drink. Although Lucy moved most of her belongings to their room in the guesthouse, there were still a few things left.
Victoria glanced around the room. It was not extravagant, but elegantly furnished. She didn’t know what to expect, but her son’s fiancé’s room surprised her with its feminine touch.
Lucy smiled at Victoria. “Well, this is it. Goodnight, Mrs. Cunningham.”
As Lucy turned to leave, Victoria placed a gentle hand on Lucy’s arm. “Thank you for everything.”
Surprise registered in Lucy’s eyes, but her smile was pleasant. “You are welcome, Mrs. Cunningham.”
The older woman shook her head gently. “Lucy, you’re going to be my daughter-in-law, so you might as well call me, Victoria.”
For a moment, Lucy stared at Paul’s mother. There was no sign of the hostility she experienced in Chicago.
She nodded. “Goodnight, Victoria.”
When Lucy returned to the kitchen, she hugged her mother.
“What’s wrong?” Bernice asked.
Lucy broke the embrace and kissed her mother on the forehead. “Nothing, I think everything is going to be alright.”
Her mother frowned, but Lucy didn’t elaborate. She gathered the kids and made her way to the guesthouse. She took the children to their room, but the girl held on to her hand.
“Lucy, can I sleep with you tonight?” Nikki asked.
“Me too,” Tyler chimed.
The fear and uncertainty on the two children’s faces touched Lucy’s heart. “Of course you can.”
Later that evening, Lucy lay in bed with Nikki and Tyler curled up next to her. The children were fast asleep, but she was wide awake. The events of the day weighed heavily on her.
She leaned over and retrieved her phone from the nightstand. She looked at the display, but there were no new messages and calls. Lucy sighed and flipped through her phone. She found a recent picture of Paul on a horse.
A tear ran down her cheek. “Where are you, my darling?”
She tried to sleep, but her brain didn’t want to shut down. She thought about all kinds of things that could have happened to Paul. What was most concerning was the fact that nobody found the plane yet. The severe winter storm that blew through the Arkansas-Tennessee area didn’t help the search effort either.
It was almost midnight when Lucy finally fell into a restless sleep. When her phone rang at 4 am, she was immediately wide awake.

*****

After the plane took off from the private airfield in Chicago, Paul sat back in his seat. He thought back to the meeting with his parents, and couldn’t help a smile. The path was now clear for their wedding. His mother would recall the court order, and in a week, he’ll be married to Lucy.
The stewardess handed him a bottle of water. “Sorry, MisterCunningham, but this is all I can give you at the moment. The captain says we are going to enter turbulent air soon, and anything in a glass or cup will spill all over the place.”
Paul took the bottle and nodded. “Thanks. This is fine.”
The attendant rushed to the front of the plane and strapped herself into a seat near the cockpit.
In the next hour, the ride got progressively bumpier. Paul flew frequently, and the turbulent ride didn’t worry him, although he did move to a more secure seat closer to the front.
As they entered the airspace over Arkansas, they flew head-on into a storm.
“I’m going to climb to a higher altitude and see if we can’t get over this storm. If it gets worse, I’m going to attempt to fly around it,” the captain announced.
Paul gave him a thumbs-up.
Fifteen minutes later, the captain shook his head. The storm got worse. A violent shake caused the stewardess to yelp.
The captain shouted over his shoulder. “This is worse than I thought. I’m changing course.”
The plane banked hard left. The captain picked up the radio receiver to tell the nearest airport of their change in plan, but before he could speak, a loud crack of lighting shook the plane.
Instantly, everything in the plane went dark.
“What happened?” Paul shouted.
The pilot flipped a few switches and pressed two buttons, but there was no response. “I think we got struck by lightning. It fried all the electronics.”
Paul glanced through the window at the engine near the tail. It looked fine, but it was quiet.
He gripped the armrests. “Are we going to crash?”
The captain shook his head. “What kind of pilot do you think I am? The landing might be a bit bumpy, but I’ll find a safe place to put us down. We lost the engines, but I can glide the plane down.”
He reached into a compartment next to him and pulled out a map. He located their estimated position and looked for a nearby airport, but there was none. He tossed the map aside and took a firm grip on the controls.
“This is going to be interesting,” he muttered to himself.
The plane slowly descended, and when they broke through the cloud cover, the shaking stopped.
“Well, the good news is that we’re free of the storm,” the captain shouted over his shoulder.
Paul looked through the window. There wasn’t much daylight left, but enough that he could see everything on the ground, ground that rushed steadily towards them. He closed his eyes and said a silent prayer.
The pilot scanned the area below. There was no suitable place to land the plane. He spotted a road, but it was not straight enough to land on. As they cleared a hill, he noticed a clearing in the distance.
“Hold on, we’re going down,” he shouted, and headed for the snow-covered field.
He grabbed a lever and started twisting feverishly to deploy the landing gear. With that done, he grabbed the controls with both hands and headed the plane for the clearing.
The snow was softer than what the pilot expected. When the wheels touched the ground, it gave the plane a violent yank, and then the wheels were gone. The plane slid on its belly. The pilot let go of the controls. He no longer had any control over the aircraft.
The craft started to move sideways, and Paul noticed a patch of trees in the distance that hurried toward them. The tail of the plane smacked the nearest tree with such force that it tore off the tail section.
It sent the rest of the plane into a violent spin until it hit another tree and flipped. Paul got tossed around violently in his seat. Like in a dream, he heard the faraway scream of the stewardess, and then a crunching sound as the wings got torn from the rest of the aircraft.
The plane hit another large tree and came to a brutal and sudden stop. It jerked Paul’s body sideways and his head made violent contact with the seat next to him, but he didn’t feel a thing. The fuselage came to rest on its side, and Paul’s limp body hung in the seat, held in place by the straps of the seatbelts.
An eerie silence returned to the area that was disrupted by the sudden arrival of the aircraft, but there was nobody around the hear it.

*****

Pauline Moore smiled at her husband, Gary, when he steered the SUV into the turnoff to their small farm on the outskirts of Memphis. It was already dark, but they didn’t mean to return that late.
They visited their eldest daughter in Memphis, and had such a good time with them that they left later than intended.
“Bianca’s growing so quickly,” Pauline remarked as she thought of their granddaughter.
Gary nodded. “I can’t believe she’s starting school next year. I feel too young to be a grandfather to one, let alone to three.”
He steered the car around a bend in the narrow lane that led to their farmhouse. The car’s lights flashed over a patch of trees a hundred meters from the road. For the briefest moment, Pauline caught a glimpse of something that didn’t belong there.
“Stop!” Pauline said.
Gary looked at her with a bewildered look on his face and slammed on the brakes. The SUV skidded forward on the snow-filled road.
“What?” he asked.
She pointed into the dark. “Back up. I thought I saw something near those trees.”
Gary backed up the vehicle until the lights shown on what Pauline saw.
“What is that?” Pauline asked.
Gary frowned. “It appears to be the remains of a plane.”
He leaned over and retrieved a flashlight from the glove compartment. He got out and trudged through the ankle-deep snow toward the fuselage. Gary swept the beam of the flashlight over the field and caught a glimpse of the wreckage that was strewn in a long line.
He turned to his wife. “Call 911. Tell them a plane crashed here.”
Pauline started to follow her husband, but she turned and headed back to the vehicle to get her cell phone.
Gary reached the wreckage and walked around the fuselage, trying to see inside, but the remains of the plane laid on its side with no access to the side windows. He walked to the nose and shown the light through the cockpit window.
The beam lighted up the limp body of the captain that was still strapped into the pilot’s seat. Through the open cockpit door, he noticed the legs of a woman.
“There’s people inside!” Gary shouted to his wife.
“Are they alive?” she asked.
Gary shook his head. “I don’t know. They’re not moving.”
Twenty minutes later, they heard the first sirens of the approaching rescue vehicles. Pauline drove to the main road and when the first police vehicle arrived, she led it to the crash site.
Soon after, a fire truck and other rescue vehicles arrived. They set up floodlights to illuminate the wreckage and then proceeded to enter the tail section with ladders. The three occupants of the plane were retrieved and lowered with harnesses to the ground.
“Are they dead?” Gary asked one of the rescue workers.
The man shook his head. “They are unconscious, but still alive.”
“Who are they?” Pauline asked as she watched the pilot strapped to a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
“We’ll worry about that later,” a nearby policeman answered. “Right now, our first priority is to get them to a hospital.”
Once the ambulances left with wailing sirens, the policeman turned to Gary. “We’re going to keep people here overnight, and will investigate the crash site in the morning. There might be more bodies around.”
Pauline’s eyes widened, but she and her husband agreed, and then returned to their house.
When the ambulances arrived at the hospital in Memphis, the patients were rushed to the emergency ward. They were stabilized and then moved to ICU.
It was much later when the first of them moved. The attending nurse jumped when she heard the man groan. She called to another nurse to page the doctor and then rushed to the man’s side.
Paul opened his eyes and looked at the nurse that hovered over him. “Where am I?”
“In the hospital. You were in a plane crash. Do you know who you are?”
Paul nodded. “I’m Paul Cunningham. What happened to the pilot and the stewardess?”
The nurse pushed him down when he tried to sit up. “Don’t move. They are just fine and are in recovery next door.”
“What time is it?” Paul asked.
The nurse glanced at her watch. “It’s almost 4 am.”
Concern filled Paul’s eyes. “Can I borrow a phone? I need to let my fiancé know where I am. She’s probably worried sick.”
At that moment the doctor walked in, and after a few questions and a brief examination, he looked at Paul. “You were very lucky. Apart from a concussion and a few bruises, you are fine.”
Paul tried to smile, but the left side of his swollen face made it difficult. “That is good to hear, but can I have that phone now?”

Chapter 28

With tears of relief in her eyes, Lucy hung up the phone and jumped out of the bed. She grabbed her robe, put on her slippers, and ran to the main house. She entered through the kitchen door.
The house was dark, with only a hallway light providing illumination, but Lucy didn’t need it. She knew the way. She ran up the stairs to her old bedroom and knocked on the door. Almost instantly, a light came on, and she heard soft footsteps approaching.
Victoria opened the door, hugging her robe. “Lucy? Is everything alright?”
Lucy nodded. “Yes! It is now. I just got a call from Paul.”
Victoria’s eyes widened. “Is he alright?”
“Thankfully, yes. His plane crashed near Memphis, but a farmer and his wife found them. They were taken to a hospital in Memphis. He says he is still in ICU, but that he is not critical.”
Carlton appeared next to Victoria, his face a picture of relief. “That is good to hear. What about the pilot and the stewardess?”
“They are in the same hospital and both survived.”
The tension melted from Victoria’s face. “That is good news.”
She turned to Carlton. “We need to go to Memphis immediately.”
He nodded. “I’ll phone the pilot and tell him we’re on our way.”
With everything that happened the previous day, he told the captain to keep the plane on standby.
Lucy’s shoulders slumped, and she turned to leave.
“You better hurry if you want to catch a ride with us,” Victoria said.
Lucy’s face lit up. “I’ll be ready in ten minutes.”
When Lucy turned, Bernice stood in the hallway.
“What’s going on?” Bernice asked.
Lucy hugged her mother. “Paul called. He’s plane crashed, but he’s fine. We’re on the way to Memphis to go see him.”
“You and Tom can come too,” Victoria said.
Bernice smiled, but shook her head. “We’ll wait here.” She turned to Lucy. “Let us know as soon as you’ve seen him.”
“I will,” Lucy said and darted down the stairs.
She hurried back to the guesthouse and knocked on Elsa’s door. The housekeeper answered, rubbing her eyes.
Lucy spoke first. “Elsa, Paul is in a hospital in Memphis. We’re going to see him. Please have the kids ready to leave in ten minutes.”
She turned and headed for her room before Elsa had a chance to respond. Ten minutes later, Lucy, Elsa, and the kids piled into the Lexus SUV. Victoria and Carlton’s driver had their car ready and waiting. Lucy followed them to the airport.
When they arrived in Memphis, a minibus waited to take them to the hospital. Upon arrival, they inquired about the ICU ward, and headed down the hallway. They reported at the nurse’s station.
“We are here to see Paul Cunningham,” Victoria announced.
The nurse on duty was used to dealing with all kinds of people and were not intimidated by the famous face. 
“Friends or family?” she asked in a monotone voice.
“I’m his mother,” Victoria answered.
The nurse nodded. “He’s in the second room on the left.”
When everybody turned, the nurse’s raised voice stopped them in their tracks. “Only one person at a time is allowed in ICU. The rest of you can wait in the waiting room.”
Victoria took a step forward, but then stopped and looked at Lucy. “You go first. You are probably the one that he is most anxious to see.”
Surprise registered on Lucy’s face, but she was not about to turn down a chance to see the love of her life. She nodded her thanks and made her way to the room. The main light in the room was off, but a small bulb above Paul’s bed provided enough light that she could see him.
The head-end of his bed was slightly raised, and he leaned back against the pillows. His eyes were closed when Lucy entered. Her hand flew to her mouth when she saw the state he was in. The left side of his face was bruised, and his left eye swollen shut. His head was covered with a bandage.
She walked to the side of the bed and took his hand in hers. When she touched his hand, his good eye opened.
His eye lit up when he realized who was at his side. “Hi.”
“Hi,” she said. “You gave me quite a scare.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. I just wanted to get home to you to give you the good news.”
Lucy frowned. “What good news?”
“My mother decided to give us her blessing. She said she wouldn’t stand in our way to get married.”
Lucy nodded. The news confirmed her suspicion that Victoria had a change of mind. “I was wondering why she’s so nice to me all of a sudden.”
Paul looked confused. “She was nice to you?”
“Yes. She and your dad have been on our ranch since we realized your plane went missing.”
Paul raised his good eyebrow. “Really?”
Lucy nodded. “Really. I won’t say we had become the best of friends, but she seems to be more tolerable of me.”
Paul gave a skew smile. “Maybe I should’ve crashed a long time ago.”
Lucy put her hands on her hips. “No, you shouldn’t have. I was worried sick.”
He grabbed her hand and pulled her close. “I’m so sorry for that.”
She bent down and gave him a kiss on the good side of his face. “We’ll probably have to postpone the wedding for a few weeks.”
Alarm filled Paul’s eyes. “No, we don’t. The wedding is a week away. I’ll be fine by then.”
She ran a dubious gaze over him. “You don’t look fine.”
“It looks worse than it is. I don’t even have any broken bones, just bruises and a concussion,” Paul insisted. “I’ll be at the wedding. Even if someone has to push me in on a stretcher.”
Lucy giggled. “That will make for some interesting wedding photos.”
Paul smiled. “Yes, it will.”
Lucy bent down and kissed him again. “I better go. There are some other people here to see you, and the nurse is only allowing one person at a time.”
Paul held her hand. “Don’t go far.”
When Lucy returned to the waiting room, she smiled at Victoria. “He’s fine. You can go see him now.”
She nodded her thanks and walked down the hallway.
“You look terrible,” Victoria said when she stopped next to his bed.
“Hello, Mother,” Paul answered.
Hesitantly, she took his hand. “You gave us all quite a scare, but I’m relieved that you are alright.”
He smiled. “I’m thankful you hired a good pilot. How’s Andre doing?”
Victoria frowned. She didn’t even knew his first name. “I checked in on him and the stewardess. They are both still unconscious, but the nurse says they will be fine.”
After a short, uncomfortable silence, Victoria stepped back. “I better go. Your father and the children also want to see you.”
She paused in the doorway. “I’m sorry I made things so difficult for you and Lucy. She’s a lovely girl.”
Not even his injuries could hide his surprise. “What happened? A week ago you wanted nothing to do with her.”
Victoria gave a sad smile. “Had I not spent some time with her yesterday, I might still be thinking that way. I saw how she is with the kids, and even after the horrible way I treated her, when we arrived at their ranch, she welcomed me with open arms. I can see why you care so much for her.”
Paul smiled. “I’m glad some good came out of this. Does it mean you’ve changed your mind and will be at the wedding?”
She stared at her son for a moment, then nodded. “I’ll be there.”
After Carlton and the children paid Paul a visit, Lucy returned to his room.
He took her hand. “You made quite an impression on my mother.”
Lucy blushed. “It turns out she has a soft side after all.”
Paul sighed. “Yes, she does. She told me she’ll be at the wedding.”
Lucy’s face lit up. “Really? That’s great news.”
Before they could carry on their conversation, the doctor entered the ICU room with the nurse on his heels. Lucy stood to the side while he examined Paul.
When he was done, he wrote something on Paul’s chart. “Everything seems to be in order. There is no reason to keep you here. Just take it easy for a few days.”
After the doctor and the nurse left, Lucy helped Paul out of bed and into his clothes. On the way out, they stopped in the next room where the captain and the stewardess were. She was still unconscious, but the captain was awake.
He had a broken arm, a broken leg, a few cracked ribs, and a nasty gash above his left eye was covered with a plaster.
“Hey, you’re up?” the captain said.
Paul nodded. “Yes. They say I can go home. I will make arrangements to get you two to Chicago as soon as you’re able to travel.”
“Thank you,” the captain said.
Lucy placed a hand on the pilot’s arm. “I’m just glad you all survived the crash.”
The captain groaned. “What crash? I don’t crash. We had a little bit of a rough landing.”
Paul and Lucy looked at each other and smiled.
“I’m very thankful for your landing skills,” Lucy said.
Paul nodded in agreement. “Me too.”
“What about the plane?” the captain asked.
Paul shrugged. “There’s nothing left of it, but don’t worry. The insurance will probably replace it with a brand new one.”
The captain held up his arm in the cast. “It might be a while before I can fly again.”
Paul smiled. “Enjoy the break.”
The stewardess was still unconscious, but the nurse assured them that she was would be fine.
Lucy squeezed Paul’s hand. “Ready to go home?”
He flashed a smile. “Oh yes. We have a wedding to prepare.”
Victoria and Carlton dropped them off at the Houston airport, and with a promise to return in a few days, they took off for Chicago.
Because of the concussion, Paul couldn’t do much, but the others wouldn’t let him do anything either. When he arrived to offer his service in the barn, Devon and Tom pointed to a nearby chair. He was only allowed to offer advice from the seat of his pants.
Later, when he found Lucy in the kitchen with her mother and asked if there was anything he could do, he was pushed into a chair by Bernice and given a cup of coffee by Lucy.
They then held up an assortment of plates and forks and asked his opinion of which were the best to use. He gulped down the coffee and then fled back to the barn. At least Tom and Devon didn’t ask difficult questions.
To Paul’s relieve, Steve Ferrell arrived early the following morning with the preliminary plans for their new house. Lucy and Bernice had to go to Houston for the dress fitting.
Paul went over the plans with Steve and then they drove out to the site of their new home. After Steve explained and Paul could visualize what was on the paper, Paul shook Steve’s hand with the good job the architect had done.
“I will get the final approval this afternoon, then you can break ground. I’m sure Lucy’s quite anxious to have her own place,” Steve said.
Paul nodded. “Yes, she is.”
“Lucy told me you spoke to my dad to do the construction?”
Paul frowned. He wasn’t aware that Lucy had spoken to Steve and was still trying to come to terms with his fiancé having a male friend. “Yes, we did. How long do you think it will take to complete?”
Steve shrugged. “You have to ask my dad, but knowing how he and his crew work, I would guess about three months.”
In the last few days leading up to the wedding, Paul had little to do. He had a fitting for his suit, but Tom, Devon and Bernice took care of everything else. Once Steve handed him the approved plans, Paul met with Steve’s dad, Doug Ferrell.
Three days before the wedding, the bulldozers arrived at Paul and Lucy’s place. They both attended the groundbreaking.
Lucy gave Paul a hug and a kiss. “I can’t wait until we move into our own place.”
Paul smiled. “I’m grateful to your parents for putting us up in the guesthouse, but I have to agree. I much prefer to have our own house.”
On the ranch, the last few days before the wedding resulted in a dash of activity. Paul felt like a third wheel and he spent most of his time at the building site.
Two days before the wedding, Cheryl, her husband, and their two children arrived with Paul’s parents. With only one plane left to use, Carlton arranged to pick up Cheryl and her family in Cincinnati.
That evening, after dinner, Victoria handed Lucy an envelope. “I checked with Paul, and he said you haven’t made any honeymoon plans yet. This is our wedding present to you.”
Lucy opened the envelope and found two first class tickets to Costa Rica. She didn’t grasp the meaning of the tickets, and looked at Paul with a frown.
Carlton cleared his throat. “Unfortunately, with one plane out of commission, you will have to fly commercial. Once you land in Costa Rica, a helicopter will be waiting to fly you out to our private getaway near Limon. You will have your own private beach for two weeks.”
Lucy looked up in surprise. With everything going on, she and Paul haven’t discussed a honeymoon yet. “Really?”
Paul took her hand. “I’ve never been there, but I believe it’s beautiful.”
Lucy frowned. “Two weeks? What about the kids?”
Bernice waved a hand in the air. “Elsa is here, but your dad and I will look after them. It will give us a chance to get better acquainted with our new grandchildren.”
Lucy smiled at Paul. “That means for two weeks my parents will spoil them rotten.”
Tom shrugged. “That’s what grandparents do, or so I’ve been told.”
Lucy jumped up and hugged both Carlton and Victoria. “Thank you, Mister and Missus Cunningham.”
Victoria smiled as Lucy hugged her. “You are part of the family now. Don’t you think it is time to drop the formalities? You can call me Victoria or Mother.”
Lucy frowned and then smiled. “Thank you, Momma Cunningham.”
Paul jerked his head around. Nobody ever addressed his mother in such a casual manner.
But Victoria laughed. “That will do too.”

Chapter 29

Lucy stared through the window of her mother’s room. Below there was a hive of activity. Catering people scrambled around to get the last minute things while guests started to arrive for the wedding. Her wedding.
Lucy’s mother insisted that she slept in the main house the previous night, and Bernice made her bedroom available for Lucy to get ready. For the last two hours, the hairdresser worked on her hair.
Cheryl kept her company and caught Lucy up on all the news from Cincinnati.
“Are you excited about your honeymoon?” Cheryl asked.
“Yes, I am. I’ve never been to Costa Rica, and from the pictures I saw on the internet, it is beautiful,” Lucy answered while trying to keep her head still.
Cheryl gave a sly smile. “I hope you and Paul will take time to see the sights and not be stuck in your room.”
Lucy blushed. “It’s not like it will be our first time.”
The hairdresser put his hands on his slender hips. “Will you please keep your head still? You’re going to mess up my creation.”
Lucy made big eyes at Cheryl. “Sorry.”
Her friend already had her hair done, and was dressed in her pink, bridesmaid dress, while the camp man put the finishing touches to her hair.
“Have you and Paul decided what you are going to do once everything settles down after the honeymoon?” Cheryl asked.
Lucy nodded. “Plans are going ahead for my riding school. My dad gave me ten horses to get started. After speaking to his father, Paul has agreed to head up a new command centre here in Houston. The family wants to branch the business out this way.”
“I was wondering what Paul would do. He doesn’t strike me as the ranching type,” Cheryl said.
Lucy laughed. “No, he’s not, although he’s getting used to it, but the children sure love it out here.”
The hairdresser stepped back. “There, I’m done.”
Lucy glanced in the mirror. “Thank you, Pierre. You’ve done an amazing job.”
A thought struck Lucy, and she turned to Cheryl. “Have you seen Paul this morning? Steve and Devon took him out last night into Houston for a bachelor party. I just want to make sure they didn’t put him on a train to Canada or something.”
Cheryl laughed. “Don’t worry, he’s back safe and sound. Jason went with them, and I promised him hell on earth if anything happened to Paul.”
Lucy breathed a sigh of relief. “Please thank your husband for me. I’ll feel much better when all this is done.”
After the hairdresser left, Cheryl and a housekeeper helped Lucy into her dress. She chose a simple, but elegant sleeve-less wedding gown. The white garment hugged her slender hips while the V-neck emphasized her breasts. It flared out slightly at the bottom, but had no train.
Once dressed, Lucy stood in front of the full-length mirror. She had to look hard to recognize herself as the beautiful woman in the reflection. A lump formed in her throat. That was her dream since she could remember, but for the longest time she didn’t think it would ever happen.
When she left home for Cincinnati, hoping for a fresh start, she had no intention to fall in love. She not only met the man of her dreams, but also got a ready-made family. She made a promise to the children that she would not try to replace their mother, but she loved Nikki and Tyler like they were her own.
Cheryl wagged a finger at her. “No crying! You’ll ruin your makeup.”
Lucy clasped her hands together. “I’m just so happy. My dream has come true.”
Cheryl placed a hand on her arm. “And it couldn’t have happened to a nicer person.”
When Bernice walked into the room, she found Lucy and Cheryl in a hug. When Cheryl stepped back, Bernice took a look at her daughter, and then gasped for air. Cheryl recognized the moment. Bernice needed to spend a few moments alone with her daughter, so she excused herself, and quietly left the room.
Bernice took her child gently by the shoulders. “Oh, Lucy. You look so beautiful.”
Lucy blushed and self-consciously touched the side of her face. “Thank you, Mom, but if it weren’t for you and dad’s support, this never would have been possible.”
Bernice took Lucy’s hands in hers. “Watching you grow up over the years was like watching a butterfly coming out of its cocoon. Today, I can call you my daughter with pride.”
Lucy stepped forward and hugged her mother. When she stepped back, Bernice used a thumb to wipe a tear from Lucy’s cheek. “Don’t you get us crying now, there’s not enough time to redo our make-up.”
Lucy laughed, pulled a tissue from the dresser, and dabbed at her eyes. Then there was a soft knock on the door.
Her mother smiled at her. “That would be your father. Before I leave you two alone, I want to give you something.”
Bernice walked to her dresser and pulled a square box from one of the drawers. “This belonged to your grandmother. She gave it to me on my wedding day. Now I can give it to my eldest daughter. Maybe one day you can give it to yours.”
At the sight of the two strings of pearls, Lucy’s hands flew to her mother. “Oh, Mom, these are so beautiful.”
Lucy was too tall for her mother to reach, so she took a seat in front of the dresser. Bernice walked up behind her and clasped the pearls around her daughter’s neck.
Lucy touched the pearls with one hand, and felt its cool, smoothness to her touch. She jumped up and hugged her mother.
After a few moments, Bernice broke the hug after another, more insistent knock on the door. “I better go. Sounds like your father’s getting impatient.”
Bernice passed Tom in the hallway. “Don’t keep her too long.”
“Gmf,” Tom groaned.
He stepped into the room. Lucy stood in front of the dresser, looking at him expectantly. At the sight of her, a lump formed in his throat.
He swallowed hard. “Luce, you look amazing. Much too good for that two-bit banker waiting outside.”
Lucy frowned, but then smile. “But I love him, Daddy.”
Tom grinned. “Yeah, I know, which is why I haven’t run him out of town yet.”
He walked to her, took her hand, and look into her eyes. “I’m incredibly proud of you. When life gave you lemons, you managed to turn them into orange juice.”
She touched the side of her father’s face. “I could only do that because of the support I received from my family.”
Tom shook his head. “Even with our support, it took an incredible amount of bravery from you to walk out into the world with your head held high. You are a special person, and Paul recognized that, which was why he came after you. I believe you two will live a long and happy life together. Unless he makes you unhappy for some reason, in which case his life will not be that long.”
Lucy laughed and hugged her father. “Thank you, Daddy. I love you too.”
She grabbed her father’s arm. “Did Susan and Lizzy arrive yet?”
Tom nodded. “Your sisters showed up early this morning. They couldn’t get away from the university earlier. Luckily it was not that long a drive from Austin. They said they will catch up with you later.”
Lucy smiled, relieved. Everyone in her life that mattered was present at her wedding.
“Are you ready?” Tom asked.
She nodded, then he took her hand, and led her down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, Bernice and Cheryl waited with Nikki and Tyler.
The young boy was dressed just like his father, in a white suite with a pink bow-tie. He carried their wedding rings on a small, square white pillow with pink lace. Nikki was dressed in a white dress in a similar style as Lucy’s, carrying a basket with pink and white rose petals.
“You look beautiful, Mommy,” Tyler said when Lucy stepped down.
Shock registered in Lucy’s eyes and she jerked her head toward Nikki, but the young girl had a broad smile.
“He’s right, Mom. You do look lovely.”
Lucy had to fight back the tears. “You two look absolutely stunning.”
Cheryl wagged a finger at Lucy. “Watch those tears. There will be enough time later for crying.”
Lucy nodded and smiled at her friend.
Cheryl reached for the table and handed Lucy a bouquet of white and pink roses. They stepped outside and made their way to the wedding area where they met up with the rest of the wedding procession.
Lucy waved at her sisters, and smiled when she noticed Paul’s brother, Ty. He had agreed to be Paul’s best man, but only arrived late the previous evening. Devon and Steve were Paul’s groomsmen.
The pastor was also waiting in the back. “Are we ready to start?” he asked.
Tom nodded. Bernice gave her daughter’s hand one last squeeze, and as the music started to play, she turned and walked down the aisle. When she reached the front, she turned left and took a seat next to Victoria and Carlton.
Steve and Devon followed Bernice and went to stand next to Paul, who was nervously waiting in front of the makeshift pulpit. Ty was next and took his position by Paul’s side after he gave his brother an encouraging smile.
The pastor walked down the aisle and took his position behind the pulpit. Next followed Cheryl and Lucy’s sisters. Once they took their positions in front, Tyler followed with the pillow. He took careful short steps, taking care not to trip. When he reached the front, he handed the rings to his uncle Ty, and then took a seat next to Bernice.
Nikki turned her head, and when Lucy nodded, she walked down the aisle, sprinkling it with rose petals. The music changed, and the first notes of Mendelssohn’s wedding march sounded.
Tom looked at Lucy. “Are you ready?”
She gave a nervous smile and nodded. Then, on her father’s arm, she took the first step down the aisle toward her new life.

The End.

