This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please select the share option or purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your vendor and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication
This is my first book and I cpuldn't have done it without the encouragement from my two best friends. Melissa and Lori thank you both for being their for me and always having my back. I love you ladies.

Table of Contents 
Chapter 1        Happy Birthday Cassie
Chapter 2        A New Interest And A Nightmare
Chapter 3        Aunt Truvie Is Disapptointed, Hurt, Then Happy
Chapter 4        Friends Gather For News
Chapter 5        Helping Hands From Family And Friends
Chapter 6        Cassie Embarrasses Herself Twice In One Day
Chapter 7        Cassie Asks For Help
Chapter 8        Together Again
Chapter 9        Why Can’t Everyone Just Be Happy
Chapter 10      Carrie’s Big Surprise
Chapter 11      Decisions Are Made And Friends Informed
Chapter 12      The Secret Meeting
Chapter 13      A Good Time Is Had By All
Chapter 14      Fragile Bonds Are Built
Chapter 15      A Day Of Confessions And Resolving Matters
Chapter 16      A Much Needed Talk
Chapter 17      Friends Reunite
Chapter 18      Pushing Gently
Chapter 19      Fire Strikes The Diner
Chapter 20      Talk Of Arson And Safety
Chapter 21      The Authorities And The Ladies
Chapter 22      Carrie Is Thrown For A Loop, Doug Centers Her
Chapter 23      The Lane Twins Do Sexy
Chapter 24       Attack At The Boot Heel
Chapter 25       Striving To Feel Safe
Chapter 26       Revealing Their Hearts
Chapter 27       Letting Love Flow
Chapter 28       Craig Helps Pull Off A Big Surprise 
Chapter 29       Life Is Changing For The Lane Women
Books Coming
Songs Used In The Book
Preview Of A Fight For Love - Tammy's Story



Chapter 1
Happy Birthday Cassie
Cassie is wondering what she has agreed to as she looks in the mirror and tries to figure out what Jackie, one of her best friends and owner of “Unique Boutique”, was thinking when she picked out this outfit for her to wear out in public. “Jackie, please tell me you are not serious about me actually wearing this out of this room.”
“What’s wrong with it? It’s fun; it’s flirty and it’s your birthday gift from me so you have to wear it.” Jackie said standing in the doorway of the fitting room of her boutique with her hands on her hips, a determined look on her face. “You look amazing!  How can you not like the way you look in that?”
Cassie looked at Jackie and just shook her head. “Where do I start Jackie? It’s hot pink for crying out loud. I am not a hot pink kind of gal and most definitely never show this much cleavage. Look at me Jackie; the girls are practically falling out. Halter style blouses cannot contain this much baggage. And this skirt is not big enough for an eight year old let alone a twenty-four year old. I’m sorry; but I just can’t wear this out of this room.”
 Jackie just rolled her eyes at her uptight friend. She knew her friend so well. That’s why she chose that particular outfit. Now she could give her the real gift. “Fine I’ll fix this but you will wear the next one or I’m going to bring Tammy over here and let her pick your clothes out for tonight.” As she turned from the fitting room she couldn’t help but smile because she knew she had Cassie right where she wanted her. Their friend Tammy owned ‘The Boot Heel’ the local bar and dance club and was a little wild even for Jackie.
“You would not do that to me, besides Tammy is busy right now getting ready to open ‘The Boot Heel’. She doesn’t have time to come over and shop for me. So that won’t work this time” Cassie said with a smirk; sure she had won the battle even before it started.
Cassie could hear Jackie’s muffled voice through the door as she said, “You aren’t giving me near enough credit; girl. I had Tammy come over earlier today and pick out what she thought you should wear tonight; and if you don’t like the one you have on; you “Really” don’t want to have to wear the one she chose.” 
“Tell me again why I can’t just wear my jeans and t-shirt tonight. It is my birthday after all. Shouldn’t I be allowed to be comfortable on my birthday?” Cassie asked. “Besides I’m just going for one drink then leaving. I don’t see what all the fuss is about.” Cassie stated again for the third time since coming into the boutique.
“Oh no, you aren’t leaving until you have some fun.  We’ve discussed this already and you are not leaving until at least midnight Cinderella. Tammy said she would tie you to the bar if she had to but you are getting a night out for some fun and maybe a little lovin’ if we can find you the right man for the job. Now try these on and no complaining”. Jackie opened the door holding skinny jeans and a denim jacket that she handed to Cassie.
Cassie looked at the clothes that Jackie thrust at her. At least she would be able to cover her butt and the girls would be corralled. “Fine I’ll wear these and stay a while but there will be no lovin’ goin’ on tonight! Are you hearing me Jackie, I mean it? I am not looking for a man; not for one night or for even one hour. No men tonight just the girls out for the night.”
“Geez Jackie, could you pick out a pair of jeans any tighter? I’m not sure you can see my ass dimples in these”.
Jackie threw back her head and laughed then put her arm around Cassie and said, “They look great. You look amazing! I’m so jealous. You have all the curves in all the right places. That outfit just shows them all off to perfection. No they aren’t your regular jeans and baggie t-shirt but that’s a good thing girl. Just accept you’re Hot and flaunt it for one night. Come on Tammy is waiting for us and we have some celebrating to do.”
They walked arm in arm down the street to the club for a fun night of drinking, dancing and flirting with all the cowboys. Tammy and Jackie decided it was time to get their friend to lighten up and enjoy life for a change.  She worked too hard to make the family diner succeed after the death of her parents five years ago.
Cassie had taken over the running of her parent’s diner five years ago; after they were killed when their car went off an icy road. They had gone out of town to celebrate their anniversary. Cassie and her twin sister Carrie were devastated and both were trying to cope with their parents’ deaths in the best way each knew how. Carrie had gone away and hadn’t been back since. Cassie had taken on the task of running ‘The Diner’ at the tender age of nineteen.  Carrie kept in touch with Cassie but said she couldn’t stay in the small town and work in ‘The Diner’ anymore. So Cassie, not knowing if Carrie would ever be able to handle coming home, decided to not only, keep ‘‘The Diner’’ going for their parents, but to make it prosper.  
As they reached the ‘The Boot Heel’, Cassie took a deep breath to steady her nerves and told herself you can do this girl. You don’t have to stay long and they can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do. Yeah right. Her friends were like steam rollers that were out of control when they got something in their heads. All she could do was hold on tight and hope to survive the night unscathed.
“It’s about time you two got here! I was just getting ready to go find you. We have some serious partying to do. WOW! Cassie you look great. I hate to admit it but Jackie you did good.” Tammy hollered from behind the bar as soon as they walked in the door.
“Thanks Tammy. I just feel uncomfortable in these clothes. They are too tight and I can’t even close this jacket all the way. The girls could make an unexpected appearance at any time; if I make one wrong move.” Cassie said as she tried to close the jacket over her ample cleavage. 
“You’ve been hiding long enough behind your old jeans and baggie t-shirts. Girl, you’ve got nothing to be ashamed of. You know the old saying; if you got it flaunt it, well girl you got it. Now let’s get some drinks in you so you will stop worrying so much. It’s time to have some fun”. Tammy said as she placed Tequila shots and lime wedges on the bar.
“Thank you, Tammy. I’ve been telling her the same thing for the last hour. Happy Birthday Cassie! We love you and will always be here to help in any way you need us to. You know that right?” Jackie said as she raised her shot in a toast.
“Sisters to the end,” Tammy said as she raised her shot glass. They all took their shots, and then gasped for the breath the Tequila took away. After catching her breath, Tammy asked, “So have you heard from Carrie today?”
“I do know that, Jackie. Thank you both. Yeah Carrie and I talked this morning. She says she’s doing fine and she says hi but she didn’t sound like herself. I don’t know, maybe I’m just hearing things that aren’t there but I’m worried about her.” Cassie said as she looked into her glass then looked at her friends to get their reaction.
Tammy and Jackie looked at each other then looked back at Cassie. “Cassie I don’t know what to say but if you have a feeling that something is off with Carrie; you have to trust your “twin connection”. You should try calling her again tomorrow to talk to her. Maybe you can even talk her into coming home for a visit. She’s been gone too long and I know you miss her. We all miss her.” Tammy said giving her a hug.
“I know thanks. I just don’t think she would come back. You know how hard it was for right after Mom and Dad died.  She was the baby and she just can’t get past the loss.” 
“It was hard for you too and she just left you to try to carry on with their dream of giving the folks of this town a nice place to eat out; as well as a great place for everyone to gather. In case no one has told you lately you’ve done a great job and they would be proud of you and what you’ve made of their dream.” Jackie said with an arm around Cassie’s shoulder.
“Thank you for saying that. It means a lot to me, really.” Cassie said with a sniffle.
“Ok enough of this. No more making the birthday girl cry.” Tammy said with a smile. “Another round of drinks Joe, and keep them coming. We’re celebratin’.” She told the bartender; “To Birthday fun, drinks, family, and great friends!” Tammy exclaimed as they all raised their glasses.
“Hear Hear, and to dancin’, and hot guys and lots of lovin’.” Jackie said with a wink to Cassie.
They all laughed and downed their drinks. Cassie looked at Jackie with her head lowered and tried to give her the evil eye as she said, “I told you there will be no lovin’ for me tonight.” 
Jackie and Tammy gave each other a knowing look and laughed. Then each friend took an arm and led her to the dance floor. 
“We better dance some of these drinks off if we’re going to party and drink all night.”
“Tammy, I agreed to have a few drinks not party all night.” Cassie yelled in order to be heard over the music.
Tammy laughed and twirled her around. “Loosen up girl. We’re here to have fun. Let’s dance and see how the night goes.”
Cassie finally gave in for now and decided to do just what Tammy said; lighten up and have fun.

Chapter 2
A New Interest And A Nightmare
Cassie was sitting at the table a couple hours later and watching her friends dance with a couple guys they had met. It wasn’t like she wasn’t asked to dance; she was. She just didn’t want to lead any of the guys there on. She wasn’t looking for a relationship or even “hook-up” for the night. She was here to hang out with her friends, listen to the music, and drink a little before going home and falling into bed. She checked her watch; ten o’clock she only had to stay for two more hours 
She sat for a while lost in thought about Carrie. She didn’t know why she couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong with her twin. They had always had that kind of connection, no matter how far apart they were; they just had a sixth sense, for lack of a better word, that something was wrong. Right now she was feeling it but in a different way. It wasn’t like she thought Carrie was hurt, just anxious or worried about something. It was just kind of a jittery feeling she had that just wouldn’t go away.
The girls came back to the table with their guys and were laughing with them. “This is our friend Cassie. Cassie this is Kyle and Charles.” Tammy said. “They are regulars in here; Aren’t you boys?”
“Yes ma’am’!” The two said together with a smile and an arm around their girl. They sat down and Charles ordered another round for the table.
“No please. I can pay for my drink; but thank you Charles.” Cassie said.
“Please call me Chuck. That’s what all my friends call me.” Then he looked to Jackie and said, “I thought you said you were celebratin’ her birthday.”
“We are.” she told him.
“Then please allow me to buy you a birthday drink; anything you want.” He said to Cassie.
“Well, when you put that way then yes; thank you Charles; I mean Chuck.” Cassie said with a small strained laugh; thinking Chuck was bordering on being a pompous shmuck.
After the drinks came, Cassie started people watching. She loved to watch people interact. She would sometimes watch people and try to figure out what they were feeling; if they were happy with the person they were with or upset etc...
She glanced over at the bar and noticed Police Chief John Wright sitting by himself. That was odd because everyone loved to talk to John because he always had the latest and best news. Maybe she could go talk to him for a while before she went home. They had been friends as far back as she could remember and they enjoyed each other’s company. She went to get up, when she noticed someone walk up and take the stool beside John. 
This stranger was tall and had on a black cowboy hat but that was about all she could tell from where she sat. She sat back down but couldn’t look away from the stranger. He sat straight like he was uncomfortable; before John started talking to him. They talked a bit; then started laughing at something the stranger said.
John looked over at his cousin, “Well, it’s good to see you again Mikey. What’s it been, three years? I’m glad you’re here and I’m sorry about your Grandpa. Uncle Michael was a stubborn old goat but a good man. He will be missed.”
“Thanks Johnny. It has been a long time. So you’re a Police Chief huh? I’m impressed, Cousin. The way I remember it you were in trouble more often than not.” Mike laughed.
John chuckled with him. “Yeah it was a choice of which side of the cell doors I wanted to be on. I decided I like the view from the outside better; so here I am. Can I buy you a drink?”
“Sure Johnny thanks, whatever’s on tap works for me tonight.”
While they waited for their drinks; they turned their barstools toward the dance floor to watch the couples dancing and partying. “Kind of busy tonight isn’t it? Even for a Friday night it seems packed. Is something special going on tonight?” Mike asked.
“Nah, they’re just folks wanting to cut loose for a bit and relax from the busy work week. It’s been a while since you’ve been here. This is about normal for a Friday night. Things have picked up since Tammy took over running the place.” John said as he watched from his perch.
That’s when Mike noticed the three women and two men laughing and being a little rowdy on the other side of the room. The Woman without a man beside her was laughing at something one of the others had said and happened to glance up. Their eyes met, she gave him a small smile that shot a jolt straight through him. He couldn’t look away. She was breathtaking. Then when he smiled back, she looked away and broke the spell.
“What’s the story on the table with the three ladies and two men over there? They seem to be having a really good time.”
“That’s Tammy, Jackie and Cassie and the two men are Kyle and Charles; but I’m assuming you aren’t interested in the two of them.  Tammy is the blond and owns this place. She lives upstairs. It must be a special occasion because Tammy seems to be drinking quite a bit and she doesn’t usually do that here. She doesn’t want people to think she can’t handle anything that comes up. She needs the respect of her patrons.” 
“My guess is she won’t be handling anything tonight. It’s a good thing she lives upstairs because I don’t think she could make it much farther than that tonight.” Mike said as they watched her tip to the side of her chair:” Good thing the guy with her has fast reflexes.” Mike laughed.
“That’s Kyle; I don’t like the looks of that. Tammy’s smart as well as tough but she’s too drunk to make good decisions right now.” John said with a squint to his eyes at the guy.
“Is he bad news or some kind of trouble maker? He wouldn’t hurt her would he?” Mike asked ready to rescue the lady and maybe meet her friend.
John put his hand on Mike’s arm to stay him and said, “No, like I said Tammy is one tough cookie and won’t put up with much. I’ll just keep an eye on them for now.  ” 
Mike glanced back at the beautiful stranger and she gave him a smile that lit up her whole face. He smiled back and tipped his hat to her. He decided right then he had to meet her before the night was over. Then he realized John was still talking to him.
“…Is Jackie. She owns the ‘Unique Boutique’ down the street and the other one is Cassie. Cassie owns ‘‘The Diner’’ on the other end of the Square. The other guy is Charles. He’s a good guy but likes to party a little too much. I see a lot of him; more than I’d like.
He watched his beautiful stranger as she looked up again and noticed him looking at her, and yes he already thought of her as his. As he stood and started to excuse himself, she said something to her companions then stood and left the club.  “She has very long legs and other attributes that are intriguing. You can run but you can’t hide.” He thought with a smile. 
“Hmmm, she left in a hurry. I guess I should go check up on the ladies and make sure the boys are behaving themselves.” John said with a sigh.
Mike smiled and asked, “Mind if I tag along? It might be interesting to see you work. Besides you may need some help.”
“Ha Ha! You’re welcome to tag along funny boy but I can handle those two by myself with no problem.”
*  *  *  *  *  *
Cassie looked up again and watched the tall cowboy talking and laughing with John. He has a nice profile. I wish I could see the rest of his face. Those jeans are nicely filled out, and make his well-defined legs look a mile long. I wonder just how tall he is. Cassie thought. Then they both turned to face the dance floor and she got her first glimpse of his face full on. Her heart sped up and her mouth went dry. Just then Jackie poked her in the ribs and asked if she was already shit faced because she looked flushed.
“You’ll be flushed if you poke me again and they’ll need a plumber to get you out.” She told Jackie with a wink and they all laughed.
She looked back to the bar where the cowboy was looking at her still. She gave him a small, shy smile and he smiled back. Then she picked up her drink and emptied it. She could feel his eyes on her but refuse to look again. The others were talking but she had no clue what they were saying. She asked a server for a glass of ice water hoping that might cool her off a little; because it had suddenly gotten very warm in here.
She couldn’t stand it anymore; she had to look. When she looked up, there he was still looking right at her. The fire in his eyes made her feel very sexy. That was such a new feeling that she couldn’t hold back the smile that split her face, she could only think how strange that she had made it twenty-four years and never truly felt sexy. How sad was that?
He smiled back and tipped his cowboy hat. The look on his face was mischievous and very hungry at the same time. 
Oh no! Please don’t let them get up and come over? I have to get out of here now! She thought. “Ladies, gentlemen it’s been great fun but I have an early morning so I’m headed home. Thank you for a lovely birthday.” 
“It’s not midnight yet Cinderella.” Jackie said as Cassie stood and pushed in her chair.
“You can’t go yet.” Tammy cried as she continued walking away. 
“I’ll see you girls tomorrow; sometime in the afternoon I’m thinking.”  Cassie said with a wave as she hurried to the door.
Once she was outside and halfway to ‘‘The Diner’’ and home, after several backward glances to see if he had followed her out, she leaned against the wall of the pharmacy and took a deep breath.
I am such a coward she thought. But she hadn’t flirted with anyone since high school. She didn’t think she even remembered how. Besides he was sexy as hell and as soon as she opened her mouth he would lose interest. With a groan she pushed away from the wall and headed to the back stairs of ‘The Diner’ to her apartment.
Once she was inside her apartment she went straight to the bathroom to take a nice cool shower before bed. When she looked in the mirror on the back of the door she saw how she was dressed and then realization hit her. The reasons he was smiling at her was (1) The girls were more out of the stupid halter than in or (2) he thought either she was easy or a tease. Neither idea made for a good first impression. Hopefully he would go back to where he came from and she would never have to face him again.
She took the humiliating outfit off and threw it in the back corner of the linen closet; never to be seen again, and jumped in a cold shower. Maybe a cold shower would help cool her very embarrassed body. No it would take an ice bath to achieve that. 
After her cold shower she felt marginally better; so she decided to try to catch a few hours of sleep. With all the things plaguing her thoughts, she didn’t hold out a lot of hope for that.
She was back at the club and her beautiful cowboy was leaning on the table on one side of her and the back of her chair on the other. This interesting position just happened to put his face mere inches from hers. It therefore, put his lips also only inches from hers. She was just about to lean forward and receive the kiss she had been fantasizing about since that first full-face glimpse, when she heard Cassie crying and asking her for help.
“Where are you Carrie? Are you hurt?” she asked as she searched frantically for her sister. Then she heard more crying. “No but Sissy I’m in trouble and I need you right now more than I ever have.” Carrie cried. 
“I can’t find you but if you can make your way to me, I will help you. There is nothing we can’t tackle and conquer together. Don’t forget we have “Twin Power”. I love you Sis. Please come home and let me help you.”
Cassie woke up crying. That was crazy! Was it just a dream or was she actually talking to her sister in her dream. If she was talking to me in my dream; you can believe the next time I see her in-person I am going to talk to her about her timing. She thought.  
It took her a while, but she managed to get a couple more hours of sleep; after her crazy dream.

Chapter 3
Aunt Truvie Is Disappointed, Hurt Then Happy
Cassie opened her eyes to a bright spring morning, and promptly pulled her pillow over her head to block out the sun streaming through her bedroom window. It was late for her to be just waking up but she didn’t get to bed last night until after midnight. Then she couldn’t sleep for thinking about the hot cowboy and about her sister. After tossing and turning most of the night, Cassie was glad she had the morning off.  She was free until just before noon. That gave her a couple of hours to make herself presentable and somehow put a smile on her face for the next ten hours or so. She didn’t know how; but she would do it. This was life as she knew it.
After dragging herself out of bed and into the shower again, this time to wake up, she looked at the clothes she wore to work and remembered what both of her friends had said about her worn jeans and baggy t-shirts. There really was nothing she could do about it today, so she got dressed as usual and headed down the back stairs.
She greeted those customers that were eating on the back patio of ‘The Diner’. The patio used to be the parking lot when her parents were alive. She had turned it into an outside eating area. With the park right across the alley, it made for a nice view while you ate and there was enough space beside the patio and on the street for parking. It almost doubled the number of customers they could serve at once. In the winter there were heavy sheets of plastic to roll down and a small fire pit to keep them warm. 
She entered ‘The Diner’ and greeted each table of customers on her way to the kitchen to find something to eat and check in with Aunt Truvie. Aunt Truvie came to help with ‘The Diner’ when her parents died. She wouldn’t have been able to run things on her own and was so thankful for Aunt Truvie’s help even if her aunt drove her crazy sometimes. 
Aunt Truvie had more energy than someone half her age. She kept everyone in line from the staff to the more rowdy customers. She also had no problem speaking her mind when she felt there was an issue to be discussed. She was feisty and said some pretty shocking and funny things sometimes. At those times Cassie had a hard time holding back the laughter. If she didn’t show that restraint then it just egged Aunt Truvie on.
As Cassie walked into the kitchen, Aunt Truvie was on a rant. The Prep cook was trying to get lunch prep done, while Aunt Truvie kept moving between him and the prep table complaining about the prep work being late getting done. Danny looked up as Cassie walked in and the look on his face said that it would have been done if Aunt Truvie would have left him alone. It screamed, “Please help me”.
Cassie went over to her aunt and gave her a kiss on her cheek. “Good morning Aunt Truvie. Can I get a quick bite to eat before I have to start work? I would love one of your fabulous omelets.”  
Truvie smiled and pointed her to a small table in the corner of the kitchen. “You just sit down here and tell me all about you birthday party last night while I rustle you up some grub. Did you have a good time last night?”
“Yes. It was nice to get out with the girls again.” Cassie said hoping that would be the end of the questions but should’ve known better.
“So did you meet any nice young men?” She asked bouncing her thin eyebrows and grinning like a teenager asking about a new boy in school; while cracking eggs and mixing them up the whole time.
“Aunt Truvie it wasn’t that kind of party. It was just us girls hanging out and talking.” Cassie said in exasperation. 
“Did you at least dance a little?” Aunt Truvie sounded a little put out because Cassie was so boring.
Trying to redeem herself, Cassie said, “Of course we danced several dances and had a real nice time.”
“OH! So who did you dance with? Do I know him? I know everyone in town you know.” She said as she plated Cassie’s bacon, omelet and biscuits.
“I danced with Tammy and Jackie. It was fun. The three of us all got out on the dance floor and danced until we had to sit down. I haven’t danced like that since high school”
“The three of you girls danced together?” Aunt Truvie asked with a look of horror on her face. “In my day the young ladies danced with young men; NOT with each other, how do you expect to meet a nice young man like that?”
Now it was Cassie’s turn to be exasperated. “Aunt Truvie I wasn’t out looking for a young man. I went out with my friends to be with them. I don’t have time for a man anyway so please drop the subject okay? I love you but when I’m ready to start looking for a man I will let you know.”
Aunt Truvie harrumphed, “If I’m still alive by then. I’m not getting any younger you know; and neither are you by the way. I’d like to be a Godmother before I die.”
“Then talk to Carrie because I’m too busy right now,” Cassie said then kissed her aunt’s cheek and headed for the patio to eat then start work. Just as she went out the door she heard her aunt say something about a lot of good that would do her.
*   *   *   *   *   *
Saturday lunch hours were crazy busy but it seemed to make time go by so much quicker and before she knew it her break time had come and gone. She’d missed her break again today. Oh well nothing new for her. She made sure everyone else got their break before the dinner rush started. Aunt Truvie had gone home to lay down to rest up until the peak of dinner since she had to get up so early to cover for Cassie this morning.
It was getting busy and Cassie still hadn’t seen Aunt Truvie yet. Aunt Truvie is never late. Cassie asked Jessica, her head waitress, if she could keep an eye on things long enough for her to go check on Aunt Truvie. Jessica told her to go; she would hold down the fort while she was gone. “And let me know if everything is ok please. I love that crazy, loveable old goat too.” Jessica said with a smile. Cassie smiled back at her and said she wouldn’t be long; then went out the back door to their apartment. 
Cassie had extended the apartment that used to be over just ‘The Diner’. Now it was over ‘The Diner’ and the patio as well. She figured that if, no make that when, Carrie came home they would need three bedrooms and probably two more bathrooms. They only needed a small kitchenette sized kitchen, since they ate most of their meals at ‘The Diner’. She thought it looked pretty nice. All of the bedrooms had a personal bath and there was a half bath for guests. There was a medium size living room. It worked great for Cassie and Aunt Truvie and hopefully it would still work when Carrie came home. 
As she entered the apartment things were quiet, too quiet. “Aunt Truvie, are you up yet?” she called as she went down the hall to her aunt’s room. When she didn’t get an answer, she hurried to her aunt’s bedroom door and quietly opened the door so as not to startle her aunt.” Aunt Truvie” she called quietly. 
The bedroom was empty. She figured she must be in the shower and that was why she didn’t her Cassie call. Cassie crossed to her aunt’s private bathroom. Knocking on the door, she called to her aunt then slowly opened the door. There on the floor was Aunt Truvie in a puddle of blood. 
Cassie rushed to her side and knelt down. Taking Truvie’s cold hand in hers she cried, “Aunt Truvie can you hear me? Honey, please talk to me. Please be ok. I’m going to get you some help. I’ll be right back.” She went to the linen closet to get a blanket then placed it over her aunt’s cold body. She then went for the cordless phone, which Aunt Truvie insisted they keep, even though they both had cell phones, and called 911. While staying on the phone with the 911 operator, she went back to her aunt. Aunt Truvie was starting to wake up and was trying to get up as she walked through the door.
“No. Aunt Truvie, don’t move. The paramedics are on the way. Just lay still. It won’t be long.” She begged her aunt.
Her aunt looked at her like she was crazy. “I’m lying naked on a cold tile floor. Now let me up young lady.” She said. “And get me a robe before those nice young doctors come in here”.
Cassie was still worried but couldn’t help laughing just a little as she went for her aunt’s old fluffy robe. Just as she got her Aunt Truvie’s robe on her, she heard the paramedics knock and step in to the apartment. “Paramedics ma’am.” one of them said.
“Back here in the bathroom.” Cassie cried. “It’s my aunt. She fell and hit her head.
She moved out of the bathroom as they went in to check on Truvie. “Ok Miss Lane we need to put this collar on for your safety; then check that bump on your head” the older of the two men said. “Now try not to move too much until we check you over ok?
“Sure Sugar whatever you want is fine with me.” Truvie said with a smile and a wink; causing the younger of the two to blush and cough to keep from laughing. “What’s your name Sugar and are you married?
The man looked at her and then at Cassie as if to ask if this was normal behavior for her aunt. She just grinned and gave him a nod, “You probably should answer her questions because she won’t give up until you do.”
He turned and looked at Truvie with a grin and said, ‘My name is Harvey and I’m widowed. It’s been ten years since my Mary passed. Now it’s your turn to answer a few questions.”
“Ok Harvey Honey, I’m Truvie and never been married.” And with that she winked again.
Harvey chuckled then asked his medical questions and told her she needed to go to the hospital for stitches and to get checked out.
“I’m fine. It was just a little bump on the head. I’ll let you put a bandage on it for me then I’ll be fine.” She argued.
“Truvie I would feel better if you let me take you to the hospital to be seen by the doc there, Please.” Harvey asked.
“On one condition,” she said and looked him straight in the eye, daring him to deny her.
“What condition Truvie?” He smiled at her.
“You have to ride in back with me.” 
“Truvie, that’s enough. These men came here to help you, not to be hit on. For crying out loud woman, you’re bleeding all over the floor. Just go to the hospital and I’ll meet you there to bring you home.” Cassie had stood by as long as she could; trying to be patient with her aunt. “I’m sorry gentlemen. Harvey, we thank you for your patience.”
“I don’t mind at all. If Jimmy doesn’t mind driving, I can sit in the back with her and our shift is almost done so I could bring her back home when she’s all cleared.” Harvey smiled at Truvie then turned to Cassie. “I’m thinking you may be needed here and I really would like to help, if it’s ok with you.”
“I don’t know. That’s too much to ask” Cassie said.
“Sounds Great” Aunt Truvie said at the same time.
“Fine Truvie, but you better behave yourself.” Cassie warned as she shook her finger at her like she was a naughty little kid. “You may want to put her hands in restraints; Harvey. She is in one of her feisty moods.”
Harvey and Jimmy laughed and helped Truvie onto the stretcher. 
After Aunt Truvie was loaded and the door shut, Jimmy said, “Don’t worry about Harvey. I think he gets lonely at home all alone. He often gives our patients rides home after our shifts are over. Truvie will be fine. She just needs a couple of stitches and she’ll be home.”
“Thank you, Jimmy. Drive careful now. Come in when you get a chance and you’ll have a free meal from me.” Cassie told him as he as he drove off. 

Chapter 4
Friends Gather For News
As she turned back to ‘The Diner’, all of her customers where blocking her way and all of them were asking questions at once. She couldn’t understand any of them. So she held up her hand as she had seen Aunt Truvie do when she needed everyone’s attention. Once they all quieted down, she told them to follow her into the dining room and she would tell them everything she knew about what happened and how Truvie was doing.
As she stepped up to the breakfast bar and turned to her customers, and employees, she felt very blessed indeed. It warmed her heart to know that so many people cared about Aunt Truvie and would always be there for them both.  She had to clear her throat so she could speak. “First I’d like to say, “Thank you all for your concern.” I can tell you that Aunt Truvie is going to be fine. She was getting out of the shower and slipped on the wet tile floor hitting her head on the counter top cutting her head.”
Everyone started talking at once again. She raised her hand again and waited for everyone to quiet down. Once all was quiet again Cassie put her hand down and said, “Please let me finish and all your questions should then be answered. Now where was I?
 Aunt Truvie’s best friend, Betsy, said, “Dear Truvie cut her head as she fell.”
“Thank you Betsy. Now, it looks like that is the only injury she sustained. She was lucky because it could’ve been much worse. She is on her way now to the hospital to get checked out thoroughly and get a few stitches in the back of her head then will be back home.” When she was done she took a big breath and hoped she was done and could get back to work.
Then Betsy gave her an accusatory look and asked. “Why are you still here? You should be with her in her time of need. We will just all go home and wait for word on how Truvie is doing and you can get to the hospital.”
Cassie laughed and shook her head, “I tried to go with her, Betsy; but she has this nice paramedic looking after her and he agreed to ride in the back of the ambulance with her. Of course Aunt Truvie accepted and told me stay here; take care of business and not to worry because Harvey wouldn’t let anything happen to her. Then when the doctors are all finished with her, he will personally be giving her a ride back here. So you see; she is in good hands.” She couldn’t help but laugh again. “There is no need for anyone to go home and wait. We can all wait here together.”
They all seemed satisfied and went back to their tables and probably cold dinners. Of course there was a lot of speculation about if she would have a concussion and have to stay. If she had to stay, how long would they keep her? Cassie’s favorite question was did Aunt Truvie now have a boyfriend? You gotta love this town.
Jessica asked if there was anything she could do to help. Cassie explained about the blood on the bathroom floor that needed to be cleaned up before Aunt Truvie came home. “So if you wouldn’t mind holding down the fort for a little longer I can get that done. I would hate to have her come home to see that.”
“Excuse me dear, but I would like to help”. Betsy said as she walked up to Cassie and Jessica. “I will go clean Truvie’s bathroom. Why don’t you sit down for a bit? Have you eaten lately dear” she asked.
“Not since a late breakfast. Thank you Betsy, Jessica do you mind? I know we’re busy but I wouldn’t take long. Betsy’s right. I’ve been so busy and then Aunt Truvie’s accident; I have completely forgotten to eat or even sit down tonight.” Cassie said. She suddenly felt very tired.
“You need to take care of yourself; especially if Truvie needs care when she gets home. I hope you know you can call me anytime to help in any way you or Truvie need me. Now get you something to eat while I clean up that mess in the bathroom.” Betsy said. Then with a pat on Cassie’s hand she left ‘The Diner’.
Jessica put her hand on Cassie’s arm and said, “Cassie we are fine. We can handle things here. Go sit down and try to relax, eat something and don’t worry. The girls and I have everything under control. You’ve trained us well. Now let us do what you taught us.” With a wink she gently pushed Cassie out the back door to a patio table in the corner; away from the customers. “I’ll bring you something fantastic to eat and the best sweet tea in the south. Please take at least a half hour, try to relax and rejuvenate yourself.” With a pat on the shoulder Jessica was off to the kitchen.
With a deep sigh, Cassie decided that she would follow Jessica’s orders this time. Then with a smile she had to admit that Jessica’s take charge attitude surprised her even though it shouldn’t have. Jessica had been taking on more and more responsibility lately. She made a mental note to be sure to thank her and give her the raise she deserved.
Just as she was finishing her dinner, Harvey brought Aunt Truvie home. Wow! she must have been lost in thought again because there was no way Harvey could’ve taken Aunt Truvie to the hospital, got all the tests done and got her back home in a half hour. 
Truvie looked a little flushed and Cassie wasn’t sure if it was from the stress of the accident or if it was Harvey’s presence. They were laughing as they approached the patio. Harvey was holding Aunt Truvie’s elbow; again Cassie wasn’t sure if it was out of necessity or just because he wanted to.
Cassie got up to great them but Aunt Truvie stopped her. “Sit yourself right back down there and we will join you. After all, I believe we owe this sweet man a free meal at least.” Truvie said with a pat on his arm and a flirtatious smile for Harvey.
“Now Miss Truvie, you don’t owe me nothin;’ like I already told you. It was my pleasure to help you and Miss Cassie.” Harvey replied with a bit of a blush and a duck of his head.
Cassie stepped up to Harvey and put a hand on his arm and looked him in the eye. “Mr. Harvey, please let us thank you for all that you’ve done for us. It’s just a dinner and we would love to have your company. Besides you need to fill me in on what they found out at the hospital and any after care needed for Aunt Truvie.”
“I guess you’re right, Little One. I do need to tell you how to care for this little spitfire. You won’t believe how she had everyone in that emergency room jumping to care for her and get her back home as soon as possible. For such a little thing she has a pretty big bark.” Harvey laughed and winked at Aunt Truvie. 
Both ladies laughed at Harvey’s joke. He was right though. Aunt Truvie stood about four feet ten inches and probably didn’t even weigh a hundred pounds soaking wet but took no crap from anyone.
That reminded her of the time Aunt Truvie was babysitting her and Carrie. They had decided to climb a tree in the park while Aunt Truvie was busy in ‘The Diner’. They both fell out and had scratches up and down their arms and legs but Carrie had twisted her ankle pretty badly. Aunt Truvie demanded they see “her girls” first and they “damn well better hurry up about it.”
Wow! She hadn’t thought about that in a long time. Aunt Truvie may have given the hospital Hell but that was nothing compared to what Cassie and Carrie got when she got them home.  On top of the ass chewing they got, they had to miss desert for a week because of that one. Just remembering their childhood made her miss Carrie even more than she had. She had to push Carrie out of her thoughts for now or Aunt Truvie would know something was wrong. Then she would worry too. She had enough to worry about with just getting better. She didn’t need more added to it.
Jessica brought Aunt Truvie and Harvey their dinners and he filled Cassie in on Aunt Truvie’s hospital shenanigans. They all laughed and enjoyed themselves. Cassie felt better than she had in a long time. 
She was so relieved that Aunt Truvie only had a very mild concussion and a few bruises. Of course there was the cut on her head that would need watching and cleaning and bandaging. Then the trip to get the stitches removed. Ok maybe she was a little overwhelmed. She would feel better after a good night’s sleep.
She noticed Aunt Truvie was starting to look tired, so she offered to take her upstairs to rest. She thanked Harvey again for his help and started to help her aunt to the stairs. As they got to the second stair Aunt Truvie lost her balance and clutched onto Cassie’s arm.
Cassie caught her and asked, “Aunt Truvie, are you ok? Can you make it or do we need help?
Harvey was watching them go and rushed to help. “Let me take her up. I’m afraid we may have worn her out. I should have insisted she go straight to bed. I’m sorry, My Dear, please forgive me and let me help you.”
Aunt Truvie’s tsk-tsk and wave of her hand let him know there was nothing to forgive. “You have done nothing wrong Sweet Man. I had a good time with you today. Other than the injury to my hard head, I wouldn’t have changed a thing. I can’t think of a better way to end it than to have my big white knight carry me to bed.” She said with a giggle. 
Harvey blushed again and cleared his throat before picking her up to carry her to the apartment. “Behave yourself young lady,” he said with a smile.
“Aunt Truvie! I can’t believe you.” Cassie laughed. “Now you’ve gone and embarrassed poor Harvey. Harvey, I’m sorry. I’m sure she didn’t mean it the way it sounded.”
“For someone so smart, you sure don’t know much, do you Little Girl.” Truvie said with a wink to Harvey; which just increased his blush.
When they entered the apartment Harvey asked where she would like him to take her. 
“I thought we already settled that. Take me to bed.” She said with another giggle. “I would like to lay down for a bit. Maybe rest my head on a nice big, firm pillow.” She said with a pat to Harvey’s broad chest and a look that clearly said she wasn’t talking about the kind of pillow that could be bought.
Harvey couldn’t hold back a chuckle this time. Shaking his head, he looked at Cassie and asked where Aunt Truvie’s bedroom was.
“It’s the last room on your left. You can just toss her feisty ass on it and run. I wouldn’t blame you at all.” Cassie said with a chuckle of her own. “Aunt Truvie what kind of meds did they give you anyway?”
“I have you know, I am not doped up; thank you very much. I just know a good thing when I see it. Besides aren’t you supposed to be working right now instead of giving me lip? If I want lip I’m sure I could find a nicer person to give it to me.” Truvie said then really started to laugh at the shocked face of her niece and the questioning look Harvey was sending her. She just gave him a wink and settled in to her bed with the store bought pillows.
“Oh Good Lord, Harvey thank you again; and again I‘m sorry she embarrassed you. I have to say I’ve never seen her act this way. It must have been the bump on the head.” Cassie said. Then turning to Truvie said, “It must have knocked a screw loose.”
“You come back tomorrow and I will have something sweet waiting for you.” Truvie said with a grin.
“You have a deal but you get some rest tonight ok?” he told her. Then he left the room with a wave and good bye to Cassie.
Cassie stood with her hands on her hips and looked at her aunt while shaking her head. “Aunt Truvie you are terrible. I’m surprised that poor man didn’t run for the hills. Where did you learn to flirt like that; for crying out loud?” she said. Then couldn’t stand it anymore and started laughing. “And can you teach me some of your tricks.” She winked then said, “Oh wow! I haven’t laughed so much in ages. I need to go check on ‘‘The Diner’’. Are you going to be alright for a bit?”
“I’m fine. Go take care of business. I’m just going to lay here a while then try to sleep. If you want, you can check on me before you go to bed later, but I will be fine. I promise.” Aunt Truvie said. “Now Go. Shoo!”
Laughing Cassie kissed her aunt on the head and said, “Ok I’ll leave you alone for a while but I will check on you before bed so no sneaking out to see this new boyfriend.” She winked then left the room laughing again. 

Chapter 5
Helping Hands From Family And Friends
She entered ‘‘The Diner’’ and found it was “standing room only”. It looked like the whole town had shown up. Looking around, she didn’t see Jessica; or any of her staff for that matter. 
“What’s going on here? Where is Jessica?” she asked of no one in particular; but hoping to get an answer from someone. What she got instead were too many questions about how Aunt Truvie got hurt and how she was doing now.
Just as Cassie was about to lose her patients; Jessica poked her head through the kitchen’s swinging doors, “Oh your back. I’ll be right out. Don’t say anything until I get back with the snack trays we’re making for everyone.” Jessica said as she ducked back behind the doors.
“Excuse me everyone; but you heard the boss. If you want to get those snacks sooner rather than later maybe you should let me through so I can help them out.” Cassie chuckled at how quickly a direct path to the kitchen doors was made for her. “Thanks, we will try to hurry with whatever Jessica and Matt are making.”
As she stepped into the kitchen; she just stood and stared. Not believing what she was seeing. All of her staff were there forming an assembly line of sorts. They had several bowls of tortilla chips, guacamole, and salsa on two trays. On another tray they were plating hot wings and boneless wings as well as chicken strips with the appropriate sauces. Yet another two trays were being set with plates of an assortment of cheeses and crackers. Jessica and a few of the waitresses were filling water and sweet tea pitchers. Cassie didn’t know what to think. More than half of those working in her kitchen weren’t even scheduled to work tonight.
“Ok! Jessica, can I have a moment of your time please. I know you’re very busy but I really need to know what is going on here. I leave for less than an hour and end up with all of our employees in here working on a snack big enough for the whole town and If I’m not mistaken every customer to have ever walked through our doors waiting for us out front.” She said with her head cocked to the side and her hands raised to in a help me understand here please and I would suggest you make it quick gesture. 
Jessica rushed to her boss trying to relieve some of Cassie’s frustration before she lost her cool and fired all of them. “Cassie, please hear me out before you fire me ok?” she said anxiously. Cassie just nodded her head slightly; letting Jessica know that she would listen.
“Ok. Everyone heard about Miss Truvie’s accident and rushed over here to help out.” She said as she waved to those in the kitchen. “They are not on the clock unless they were scheduled tonight. As for the customers, they’re pretty much here for the same thing. Mayor Rawlings and Chief of Police Wright just left and offered to buy enough snacks for everyone while we waited for news. I knew you had your hands full; so I agreed to all of it. I hope that was ok. I really need this job; so I hope I’m not about to be fired.” Jessica said as she looked at her boss; waiting for the verdict.  
Jessica didn’t know what to think when she was enfolded in her boss’ arms and even heard a sniffle or two before being released. She just held on until Cassie was able to get herself composed again. 
Cassie released Jessica and had to clear her throat before reassuring her head waitress. “Jessica, thank you so much! You are definitely NOT fired. I was actually just thinking that I might need to give you a raise. This just takes the might out of it. You have handled yourself admirably. I am very proud of you. When everyone is gone, you and I need to sit down and talk about your new responsibilities and how much of a raise you should get. How does that sound?” Cassie said with a wink and another short hug. “Ok team, let’s get out there and feed our friends and family; not only the delicious food you have all so graciously prepared, but the latest news on Aunt Truvie.”
After feeding what surely could’ve been the whole town and letting all of them know that Aunt Truvie was going to fine. She told them that Truvie got three stitches in her head and a few bruises but was still as feisty as ever. She told them about how she gave the doctors and nurses trouble and got special treatment from all of the medical staff. She didn’t think they needed to know about Aunt Truvie’s flirting with Harvey.
After everyone was gone and things were cleaned up for the night, it was almost eleven o’clock, Cassie turned to Jessica and gave her a hug and said, “Jessica you saved the day here tonight. I owe you so much more than a thank you and a raise and I plan to make sure you get the recognition you deserve. It’s really late though and I have to open in the morning so could you come in an hour early tomorrow so we can talk duties and pay.”
“No problem Cass. Do you want me to come in for a few hours in the morning to help you get breakfast prepped and talk while it’s quiet? Then I could go home and catch a few more hours sleep before I have to be back later for my shift?” Jessica offered
“Oh Jessica I can’t ask you to do that; but I really appreciate it.” Cassie said truly touched that Jessica would offer.
“Cassie, you aren’t asking. I’m offering. You won’t have Miss Truvie to help and I really would like to learn what is needed to open in case you may need me to do that for you someday.” Jessica said with a hopeful look in her eyes.
“If you’re sure; then yes I’ll meet you here around five in the morning. Better yet, you could even use the spare room upstairs so you don’t have to go all the way home then back. I think I may even have some clothes that would fit you for tomorrow morning. You should only have to be here a couple of hours.” Cassie said with relief that she wasn’t alone in all of this,
“You’ve got a deal. Let’s get to bed before it’s time to get back up again.” Jessica said with a laugh.
Cassie threw her arm around Jessica and they headed up stairs to check on Aunt Truvie and get a few hours of sleep.  
*   *   *   *   *   *
Truvie waited until she was sure Cassie had left the apartment before picking up the cordless phone. Cassie had left it for her in case of an emergency and she made the call that was long over do.
Finally on the fourth ring Carrie answered the phone, “Hello Aunt Truvie. To what do I owe this unexpected call?” she said with suspicion in her voice.
Truvie, ignoring Carrie’s question to ask one of her own, “Carrie Honey, How are you doing?”
“I’m fine Aunt Truvie. How are you and Cassie doing?” Carrie asked trying to direct the conversation away from her.
“Honey, it’s time to come home. Your sister needs you. I know you don’t want to, but it’s time.” Truvie was never one to beat around the bush about anything; especially when it came to “her girls”. So it was no surprise when she just jumped right to it this time too.
“I’ve been thinking the same thing Aunt Truvie. I just wasn’t sure what kind of reception I’d get after running out on Cassie and leaving her with all of the responsibility of trying to make a go of the family business.”
“That’s great honey, we all miss you; your sister most of all. And just to get this straight from the beginning, you did not “Run out on your sister” as you put it. You needed time and space to figure out how to handle everything thrown at you. We gave that to you Honey; because we love you and want you happy but now it’s time to come home to your family.” Aunt Truvie said, happy that she wasn’t going to have to push her niece into something she wasn’t ready for.  
“Ok so what’s going on with Cassie that has you so worried? It must be something big to get you to call me asking for help? You have always been a force to be reckoned with, Aunt Truvie. So what has happened that you can’t handle without my help?” Carrie said with laughter in her voice.
Truvie laughed with her as she tried to figure out how to tell Carrie that she was what was troubling both herself and Cassie right now. “Carrie Honey, Your sister is worrying herself sick about you. It’s that crazy “Twin Thing” I guess but I hear she says that you are either hurt or in some kind of trouble but won’t ask because she said that you will tell her when you’re ready. In the mean time she can’t concentrate on anything and isn’t sleeping or eating like she should. If there truly is a problem then come home and let us help you with it.” Truvie pleaded.
“You know me Carrie; I have to be completely honest with you. I have just added to her burden today.” Then she proceeded to tell her about the accident and the fact that she can’t help in the kitchen until the stitches are taken out. She explained that Cassie was trying to not only take care of ‘‘The Diner’’ from before sunup ‘til past closing time at nine o’clock at night. On top of all that, Cassie was now worried about Aunt Truvie and trying to care for her too.
“I’m truly sorry if you aren’t ready but, Baby; we really need and miss you.” Truvie said with a little hitch in her voice.
“Oh Aunt Truvie, I’m so sorry that you’re hurt and that Cass is going through so much. I will pack my things tonight and leave first thing in the morning, I’m not sure how long it will take me but I should be there by bedtime tomorrow night. Try to hang in there and let Cass know I’m on my way. You might also tell her that I’m coming home because I want to and because it’s time. I love you both and miss you too. Now I have to go because I have a lot of packing to do. I love you Aunt Truvie and thank you so much for calling me. I can’t wait to get there.” Carrie told Aunt Truvie with a little excited squeal as she hung up.
She had to talk to Sally; her roommate. Sally was prepared for her to leave and was already looking for a new roommate to help cover the rent. She just wouldn’t be ready by tomorrow.
“Sally, I need to talk to you. I just got a call from back home and they need me there as fast as I can get there.” Carrie was talking before she had even cleared her bedroom door. As she made it to the living room she was facing Sally and starting to worry about her friend. “Do you think you’ll be ok if I leave in the morning? I’ll pay for next month so you don’t have to cover my expenses. My Aunt fell and is hurt. She had to get stitches in her head now my sister not only has to run ‘‘The Diner’’ from about five in the morning to about ten or eleven at night seven days a week but also care for Aunt Truvie”
“Carrie, slow down for a minute. I will help you pack and what we don’t get packed tonight; I’ll pack up the rest for you and send it to you. You don’t have to pay rent either. You need to save your money. You’re going to need it soon. Besides, I have had someone ready to move in whenever you were ready to movie out. I would never ask you to move and if you want to just go to help out, and then move back I will keep your room for you. Whatever you want to do Carrie; I’m here for you” Sally said.
Cassie was filled with so much gratitude for her friend. She rushed over to Sally and gave a big hug. “You’re the best. Go ahead and rent my room but know that I will be back to visit.” Carrie said. “I’ll miss you. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me. “ 
She was anxious for what her family was going through as well as excited at finally going home. She couldn’t wait to see Cassie and Aunt Truvie again. She just hoped that they wouldn’t be too disappointed in her and would let her stay. She needed her family as much as they needed her right now.  

Chapter 6
Cassie Embarrasses Herself Twice In One Day
The next morning Cassie checked on Aunt Truvie, then went to work with Jessica to get ready for the breakfast crowd. As they worked together, they discussed Jessica’s promotion to assistant manager and what they thought was a proper salary for the position and the new responsibilities she was agreeing to take on.
They worked well together for the rest of the morning. Once Matt got in to start cooking any orders that came in, Cassie took Aunt Truvie a breakfast tray and helped her get dressed for the day.
“Aunt Truvie, are you all set for the day? I need to get back to work. If you need anything, you just call me and I’ll be right up.” Cassie said.
Aunt Truvie caught her arm as she started to head out the door. “No wait. I want to go to ‘‘The Diner’’. I know I can’t work but I want to be around my friends not stuck up here alone all day.”
“I tell you what; you rest for now and I’ll come get you for lunch and we can sit in ‘‘The Diner’’ and have lunch together. I’ll be back before the lunch rush and you can visit with all your friends for the entire afternoon. I really need to go now.” Cassie said then she kissed her aunt’s check and rushed out the door. 
As Cassie rushed from the apartment and across the patio dining area, she took a few minutes to takes several deep breaths. She loved the fresh air out here. It smelled like fresh mowed yards and flowers. Inside she knew that it would smell like all of the lovely breakfast food that she loved to eat but when mixed together, in a room full of people, the smells were sometimes just too much.
That’s why she had created the outside eating area under the apartment; and was out there as much as possible; even if she had to wait tables once in a while along with managing everything else. It was relaxing for Cassie to be outside. That’s where she planned to eat her lunch with Aunt Truvie later today; but for now it was back inside for her. 
With breakfast over and clean-up almost finished Cassie finally checked the clock. She had ten minutes before Jessica would be there and she would get lunch with Truvie then escape ‘The Diner’ for a few hours. 
She decided to go on up to get Aunt Truvie for lunch. She felt bad for the way she just blew off the fact that Aunt Truvie was used to being around people all day but was made to sit all by herself all morning. She would apologize to her and promise to take the time to help her aunt feel comfortable before rushing out the door next time.
As she went out the back door to the patio, she was very surprised to see Aunt Truvie sitting there pretty as you please and with Harvey no less. “Aunt Truvie how and when did you get down here? I told you I would bring you down for lunch. You shouldn’t be trying to tackle those stairs alone yet.” Cassie didn’t give her time to answer any of her questions; as she turned to Harvey, “It’s good to see you again Harvey. How are you today?”
Harvey smiled at her aunt then back to Cassie; “I’m doing great Miss Cassie. Please don’t be too hard on Miss Truvie though. It’s my fault that she left her room before you could fetch her. I just stopped by to see how she was doing. Of course being a fine southern lady she couldn’t entertain a gentleman alone in her apartment; so I offered to escort her down here for some fresh air and a little visit. I hope you don’t mind.”
Cassie looked at the big smiles on their faces and then caught the wink Harvey sent Aunt Truvie before looking back to her. They were both trying to look innocent and failing miserably “Alright you two; I get it. But just so you know; I had planned to apologize for this morning. I treated you like a child or worse yet, a simple minded invalid. I’m truly sorry, Aunt Truvie. I love you and promise to do better.” Cassie Said.
“No worries, Dear. I now have a sexy knight to rescue me from my tower; so I’m happy. There is really nothing to forgive. You were worried for me. I understand. That’s what families do. They try to help and protect you; and to be honest, I probably would have done the same thing if our roles were reversed. Now take some time off and go do something fun like find a young man to visit with or better yet…” Truvie said with a mischievous grin.
“Ok I get your meaning. Thank you for understanding; Aunt Truvie and thank you Harvey for helping Aunt Truvie both last night and this morning. Your Lunch will be my treat and no arguments please. You two enjoy yourselves and try to behave yourselves. I will see you in a few hours.” Cassie said then bent and gave both Truvie and Harvey a kiss on the cheek.
As she went upstairs to get cleaned up a little, an idea was forming in her mind.
She had been restless last night and it wasn’t all because of Aunt Truvie’s fall. She couldn’t get the image of that handsome cowboy out of her head for more than a few minutes. Maybe she could pay John a visit. She did owe him a thank you for the snacks last night; right? 
She would bring him lunch and thank him for his generosity. If the subject of the cowboy just happened to come up she wouldn’t mind at all. Cassie thought with a smile. Yeah that sounded like a good plan.
So now what should I wear; not her usual loose fitted jeans and equally loose t-shirt. She thought as she rummaged through her closet. Most of her dresses were too dressy for a friendly, neighborly visit. Her Jeans weren’t dressy enough. So she moved on to her skirts; reminding herself nothing too short or too tight. As she looked at her options she realized she didn’t have to worry about that.
She made herself a mental note, to go shopping for more appropriate clothes. Most of her clothes looked like they should be worn by a much older woman instead of her twenty-four.
Finally settling on a lavender and pink full skirt that reached just above her knees made her feel young again. She matched it with a lace trimmed camisole in lavender with a pink button down blouse. As she looked in the mirror; she unbuttoned a few buttons. Tilting her head from side to side she decided to unbutton a few more. Now her blouse was unbuttoned all the way to the bottom of her chest and showed off the girls without being overexposed. 
She washed her face; then added a little light make up. Again assessing her appearance; she let her hair out of her French twist she always wore to work. Ok not bad but still not what she was going for. She turned her head up-side-down and run her fingers through her hair then shook it a bit to fluff it. She then stood back and looked at her reflection again. Wow! What a difference; she hardly recognized herself. Her black hair fell in long waves almost to her waist and had a nice shine to it. Not bad for a diner girl. She thought.  Ok, let’s go snooping; I mean visiting. And with a wink at her reflection, she left her apartment.
As she descended the stairs, she began to get nervous. Could she really pull this off? Not just the visit with John but the look. It was now or never. She was tired of being the frumpy diner girl she had become for the last five years.
She hurried across the patio and into ‘The Diner’ in hopes of making it to the kitchen before being seen. She was within reach of the swinging doors as Jessica came through them and stopped and stared like she didn’t recognize who was trying to enter a restricted area.
“Cassie is that you? Oh My God! You look amazing!” Jessica squealed.
Pushing Jessica back in the kitchen Cassie whispered, “Keep your voice down. Really it’s not that big of a deal. I’m just not in my work clothes; that’s all.”
“But I’ve never seen you look like this and I’ve known you for over three years; and I mean Never. Not that you don’t look good; no you look wonderful, Ten years younger at least. You have got to start dressing like this more often. Wow! I can’t believe the difference.” Jessica couldn’t stop gushing and staring.
“Ok enough! Thank you for the compliments; I think. But I need two specials to go please.” Cassie said trying to put an end to Jessica’s flattering comparisons. Jessica’s reaction was starting to make her very nervous.
“Cassie, do you have a date?” Jessica asked in a teasing voice with a twinkle in her eyes.
“NO!”  Cassie all but shouted. “Ok sorry. No I don’t have a date. If you must know; I’m taking lunch to Police Chief John to say thank you for the snacks he helped provide last night. I’m in a bit of a hurry so I can catch him during his lunch hour. So could you put a rush on them for me please?” 
“You’ve got it Boss.” Jessica said with a wink. “Do you want to wait in the dining room or maybe the patio? I can have those ready for you in a jiffy.”
“No thank you. I’ll just wait back here. Thank you, Jessica. I appreciate the rush. I’m sure you have customers to see to.
“No problem. I’ve got it covered.” Jessica said as she sealed up the to-go-containers” I know it’s my first official day as your assistant but please take the entire lunch shift to relax and enjoy yourself. I promise to call you if anything comes up that I can’t handle. You really look great. Go see your friends. Visit and have some fun.” Jessica said as she handed Cassie the bagged lunches.
“Thanks Jess. I think you’re right. Maybe I will visit with Jackie and even do a little shopping today. Promise me you will call if you have any questions or if something comes up that you need help with?” At Jessica's solemn vow Cassie said good bye and left through the back door meant for deliveries.
Standing at the front door of the police station Cassie took a deep breath and wiped her sweaty palms on her skirt; then opened the door. As she walked in, she took a look around the lobby. It was empty today except for the tired looking Officer behind the glass partition. 
“Can I help you?” The officer asked; in a bored voice.
“Ah yes. Thank you. I was hoping to see Chief Wright. If he isn’t busy.
“It’s been pretty quiet today. So he should be free. You can have a seat while I check; if you’d like.”
“Thank you.” Cassie said as she took a seat in one of the hard plastic green chairs scattered around the room.
After just a few minutes the side door opened and John stepped out to greet her. “Well to what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?” He asked in his deep husky voice that she felt throughout her body. 
If they weren’t just friends; she could really enjoy hearing that voice in other more intimate circumstances. 
With a nervous giggle she said, “Hi John. I just wanted to thank you for the snacks you bought last night at ‘The Diner’.”
“You are very welcome. Would you like to come back to my office for a bit?”
“That would be great. Besides I come bearing gifts; of a sort.” She said with a smile and a raise of her hand holding the lunches.  “I brought you lunch and I thought if you have time, I might join you and catch up on how you’re doing.”
“Wow! Lunch and a beautiful lady’s company!  How can a man resist such an enticing offer? I’ll have to remember to be more helpful in the future if this is the rewards.” He said with a chuckle. “Come on back. It’s been a while since we just sat and talked. So Cassie, how have you been? You look amazing. You seem to always be working nowadays.”
“I have to admit it’s been rough and about to get rougher now with Aunt Truvie out of ‘The Diner’ for the next ten days but it’s all good. I promoted Jessica to assistant manager and she is doing a great job.”
He offered her a seat and cleared his desk for their lunch. “So tell me, how is Miss Truvie doing? I bet it’s hard for her to step down even if it is only for a few a days.”
“She’s doing well. But yeah; it’s hard on her. She has too much energy for someone in their fifties. You won’t believe what she did to the nice paramedic that came to help after her fall.” she said while giggling.
“Oh boy, this I’ve got to hear. I love “Aunt Truvie stories”. She is a pistol. Ok so lay it on me. I’m all ears.” He said rubbing his hands together and preparing to dive into his lunch while he listened.
Cassie recounted her “Aunt Truvie stories” while they ate their lunch and laughed. “The look on their faces when I asked her about leaving the apartment without calling me for help was priceless. They were like two naughty little kids after being caught doing something they know they shouldn’t.” She laughed.
John was laughing so hard at her stories his side was hurting. “Ok enough. I can’t take any more. I can just see her with that mischievous gleam in her eyes thinking she got away with something.” then he started laughing again.
“Am I interrupting something? I can come back later.” The smoothest sexiest voice Cassie had ever heard floated to her ears and she about melted into a puddle in the chair.
Looking up with a big smile still on her face and wiping the tears flowing down her cheeks from laughing so hard for so long; she saw the gorgeous man attached to the voice. It was the man from ‘The Boot Heel’. He looked like a California surfer. He had to be at least six feet tall with a golden tan and longer than average blond hair that curled at the ends with almost white natural highlights and the light blue eyes of a clear summer sky. 
“It looks like I missed all the fun and lunch too. Sorry Johnny, I didn’t realize you had company. I can meet up with you later; maybe at the club around seven; if that works for you. Sorry ma’am for interrupting your lunch date.” the handsome man said then turned to leave.
“NO! Cassie nearly shouted; then cleared her throat.
“No.” John said at the same time.
“Mike, please come in and meet a friend of mine. Cassie this is my cousin Mike and Mike I’d like to introduce Cassie Lane; the lovely lady that owns ‘‘The Diner’’ right next door.”
“It’s nice to meet you Cassie. I’ve heard a lot of things about you; all of them good I might add.” Mike said as he extended his hand.
Cassie hesitantly took his hand. She felt a tingling run up her arm to her chest then lower still. What the..? She thought and pulled her hand back and placed it on her erratically beating heart. 
After clearing her throat again; Cassie felt confident she could talk without squeaking. “Thank you. It’s nice to meet you too Mike. John said you’re his cousin but I don’t remember ever meeting you.” I do believe I’d remember if I’d met someone as beautiful as you, she thought.
“I am his cousin; but just never visited must growing up. When I did it was usually for a weekend here or there. Later when I came for the summers I pretty much stayed and helped on the family farm” He said being slightly evasive. 
“Yeah we’ve just recently reconnected. It’s great having him here for good finally.” Mike said as he got another chair for Mike.
“Then you just moved here to stay? What do you do Mike? Have you found a job yet or a place to stay?” She asked the questions pretty rapid fire; but was afraid if he wasn’t settled soon she may never get to know him.
John laughed, “Now you’re sounding like Aunt Truvie; Cass. Take a breath and let Mike answer one question at a time.”
Cassie could feel the blush rise up her chest and cover her face with a heat that she usually only felt while working the grill on a busy Sunday afternoon. “Sorry, we don’t get many new folks in town and try to keep them…..here if we can.” stumbling over her near miss step.
John raised his eyebrows but thankfully kept quiet.
“No need to apologize. It’s nice to be wanted” after a beat he added “in a new town. Ok let me see if I have these in order; Yes, I’m here to stay; I’m a farmer and live on the old Manning farm. Did I get it right?” he asked and flashed his perfect white smile again.
“Very well done, did you buy the farm? I thought it was hung up in probate because of a relative of Mr. Manning’s. What was it John, something about the heir refusing it or something?” she asked turning to John.
John cleared his throat and looked at Mike and said, “Yeah something like that.” 
Mike looked a little uncomfortable as he shifted in his seat.
“Oh I’m sorry. I guess you would be the heir.” She lowered her head and then with a new resolve looked up and gave him an apologetic smile. “I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I need to get back to ‘The Diner’ soon and have another stop to make. So gentlemen if you will excuse me, I’ll take my leave. John it was fun catching up. We should do that more often. And Mike it really was nice to meet you. Stop by ‘The Diner’ anytime; and welcome to town.” She said as she left. 
Mike watched her go and felt like she took a part of him with her; but didn’t want to explore that feeling too deeply.
“Mike, Buddy you still with me man? You look a little rattled; kind of like you did last night.” John commented with a smirk.
“Bite me.” He replied; then chuckled. He knew he had been found out. He thought John may tease him mercilessly but knew the fact that he was attracted to Cassie would go no farther. 
“You are so in trouble with that one.” John said.
“How so, she seemed pretty interested to me.” Mike said with a question in his voice.
“We were just talking about how her life has changed in the last five years and even more so in the last week. She’s very busy taking care of her diner and her aunt. Good luck getting her away from all of that. I mean that from the heart, man. I think you would be good for each other.” He told his cousin.
“What do you mean when you say her life has changed; in what way?” He asked a little confused and very curious.
“Sorry Cuz, you know I’d tell you if it was my story to tell. That’s something you have to talk to Cassie about. I will tell you that she used to be full of life and I think if she didn’t hang out with me so much she could have gotten into more trouble than she did” he said.
At the look of confusion and disbelief on his cousin’s face; John decided he should probably clarify that last statement.  
“Don’t worry it was nothing illegal; just harmless pranks. Anyway, just please don’t push too hard. She’s a good friend and has been as far back as I can remember. That’s all I’m saying.
“Ok I understand; well sort of.” Mike shook his head. “Ok maybe I don’t; but I want to. So I’ll do as you ask and go slow. You just remember; I don’t give up easily. In her case, I may make an exception and never give up.” Mike smiled at John and they shook hands as Mike left the office thinking that it had been easier than he had thought it would be. He wanted John to introduce him to the beautiful woman from the club and that’s what he got. He just didn’t expect it to be that soon. He also didn’t expect the sudden feeling of jealousy that hit him when he walked up and saw them laughing and having lunch together. Yeah John was right. He did have it bad. He will just have to remember John’s warning and take it slow.

Chapter 7
Cassie Asks For Help
Cassie walked across the square to Jackie’s ‘Unique Boutique’ thinking about Mike. He seemed like an easy going guy that would be fun to get to know. That farmer’s rock hard body and handsome face didn’t hurt either, she thought with a smile on her face.
As she walked into the boutique, the tinkle of the little bell above the door announced her arrival; and brought Jackie out of the back room.
“Cassie, is everything ok with Aunt Truvie? Wait what are you wearing? No jeans and t-shirt today? What’s the special occasion?” Jackie said, looking thoroughly confused.
“Don’t get me wrong, you look fantastic. Dare I say Hot? So what’s up?”
Cassie just laughed, “That’s about the same reaction I got for Jessica. So I guess I’m on the right track. As much as it frightens me to say this, I think I need your help.”
 “Ok. What kind of help? You know I’m always here for you”. Jackie said.
Taking a deep breath for courage Cassie said, “I need a new up-dated, younger wardrobe.”
“Yes! It’s about time. I can’t wait to get started on you.” She said with such enthusiasm that she was scaring Cassie again. 
“Ok. Wait right there. We need to discuss boundaries before we go any farther.” Cassie warned; holding up both hands in a stop gesture. 
“I can do boundaries. I just need to make a phone call then we can discuss and cuss them. Just look around and I’ll be right back.” Jackie said as she rushed to the back room again.
Cassie rolled her eyes. Jackie doing boundaries was like Cassie swearing off chocolate; so not gonna happen. As she looked around she found several things with true possibility but just wasn’t sure she could pull them off. Man she hated shopping for clothes. Nothing fit her strange body type. She was too big on top and bottom and had a very small waist in comparison. 
Jackie came back all excited and met her near the blouse rack. “Did you find anything you like? I can even do minor alterations if you like something and need it tailored to fit better.”
“I found a few things. I’m just not sure if they are right for me. You know I am a challenge to try to dress.” Cassie said, already feeling very frustrated.
Just then the bell tinkled over the door and in rushed Tammy, “Did I miss anything?” she said a little breathless.
Cassie just looked from Tammy to Jackie, “Really Jackie?” 
“What?” Jackie asked. “Did you really think we could do this without Tammy? She would disown us and not let us back in ‘The Boot Heel’ ’ for the rest of our lives.” Jackie defended.
“Damn straight. I wouldn’t miss this for all the tequila shots in the world. So where do we start” Tammy asked.
“We start with the rules or I leave right now.” Once she got the pouty looks but nods just the same, she began her rules. “First off and I think most important; the girls have to be maintained and controlled. I would like a way to play down their size. I know that is a near impossible task, but I’m counting on you girls to tame my girl.” Then she gave a little giggle at her own joke.
Tammy looked at Cassie’s chest then to Jackie, “We can do that; right Jackie?” She didn’t sound as confident now.
“Absolutely; we can definitely do that. What else you got? Bring it on.” Jackie said with more bravado then she truly felt but her friends would never know that, Right?
“Ok if you say so. Next I would like nothing skin tight like the other night; but form-fitted; if you can pull that off without showing how big my ass is. I know another tall order. As for skirts nothing above mid-thigh; preferably knee length like this one I have on now. Are we still good?” She looked both of her BFFs in the eye before giving herself over to them to remake.
“Is that all the rules?” Jackie asked before committing to anything.
“Yep, that’s it. So what do you think? Is it doable?”
“Piece of cake; Now, I just received a new shipment that hasn’t even been unpacked yet; so if you could help me unpack it while we look, I’ll give you an employee discount.” Jackie told her friends. 
“Let’s do it. I’m so excited to be one of the chosen ones to help you find your inner Bitch.” Tammy said oozing enthusiasm.
“Hold it right there! There will be no inner bitches making any appearances today; got it?” Cassie said with her hands on her hips. “I want classy and maybe just a little flirty but nothing more. Please work with me here ok?”
“I’m sorry. You’re right. That sounds more like you; a very classy and flirty lady. I just got excited. Jackie and I have just been waiting for this day for five years. I’m glad you’ve decided to join the land of the living again.” Tammy told her, and then gave her a hug.
“We’re both glad; and will do whatever it takes to create the look you want. We love you Cassie;” and she joined Tammy for a hug.
“Thank you both. I know you do and I love you both like sisters. Enough of this mushy stuff: let’s get to those boxes.”
By the time they had sorted through all the new items in boxes and perused the showroom they were ready for a drink. Since it was just past two in the afternoon they decided to order a pitcher of sweet tea from ‘The Diner’ to be delivered. Cassie told Jessica they were working on a surprise and didn’t have time for a break if she was to be there before the dinner rush.
It took another two hours of trying everything on and deciding what fit her body as well as her rules; but it was worth it. They were all pleased with the results of their labors. Cassie ended up with a whole new wardrobe that made her feel younger and sexier than she had felt since the death of her parents.
“Ok ladies; I think I’m all set. I can’t thank you enough. You are the best friends any girl could have. I want to buy you both a drink after I get off work. Will you both meet me at the club tonight, say around ten?” 
They both agreed and Tammy helped her carry her bags to her room and put them away. Then they hugged again as they each rushed off to their perspective jobs. Cassie didn’t have time to change but really didn’t want to anyway.
As she entered the dining room; all eyes were on her. She didn’t know why everyone was staring at her and being so quiet but it was making her nervous. Maybe she should rethink this new look because this is not the reaction she had expected.
“Hi everyone, Is everything ok? Why so quiet?” she asked the room at large. 
When no one answered she started to get really worried. “Can someone tell me where Jessica is?” She still got no answer; very strange for a town that loved to talk.
Just then Jessica came out of the kitchen and looked surprised to see her. That was even stranger. 
“Jessica is everything ok? You promised you would call if there was a problem.” Cassie tried to figure out what was wrong with everyone.
Just then a familiar voice spoke behind her. “I think I’m the cause of their strange behavior.”
As Cassie turned around, she was greeted by a very hesitant smile, “Hi Sis. I thought it was time to come home. I hope that’s ok.” 
“Carrie is it really you?” Cassie couldn’t believe her eyes.
“It’s no mirror. Yes it’s me. Do I still have a home here? I can find a place to stay somewhere else if it would make you feel more comfortable.” Carrie said almost holding her breath waiting for her twin sister to say something, anything. 
Cassie stood there just drinking in the sight of her other half before realizing Carrie was waiting for an answer; as was the whole town it seemed.
Cassie raced to her sister and threw her arms around her crying and said, “Don’t even think about it sister. I will hunt you down and bring you back home this time. I’m so glad you’re home I’ve missed you so much”
“You might want to let her breath, Cassie.” Aunt Truvie said.
“Oh I’m so sorry, Sis. I’m just so excited. I don’t ever want to lose you again.” 
“No worries there. And Aunt Truvie, I believe I had to beg for air from you a few times before you let me go too. So lighten up on the sarcasm huh” Carrie said with a smile and a wink. “God it’s good to be home. I’ve missed everyone. You can all breath again Cass didn’t blow a gasket so it’s all good.” Carrie told everyone watching the reunion.
Then everyone rushed the sisters. They were all talking at once and giving both girls hugs and wishing them well. As they started to go back to their tables, Aunt Truvie called for attention. “I know you all know how long it’s been since my two girls have been together and I hope you will understand and forgive me, but I feel I have to do the unthinkable this one time. I’m sorry but we are going to close ‘‘The Diner’’ tonight so the girls can have a little time together. If you would please accept my apologies and help me out here I would be truly thankful.”
“Aunt Truvie, We have not closed ‘‘The Diner’’ for anything in five years.” Cassie said.
“That’s all the more reason to do it now and for our wonderful neighbors to understand. What do you say folks; it seems that Cassie needs your reassurance that I’ve made the right call? Not that I have ever made a bad decision yet, mind you. But I guess there is a first time for everything.” Truvie said with a chuckle.
As cheers rang out, the neighbors came to the girls one by one to tell them that they would be back tomorrow and they hoped that they had a good visit tonight. They also welcomed Carrie back home with hopes of keeping her. 
“Well it looks like we have the whole night to get reacquainted. What should we do?” Carrie said as she threw her arm around her big sister.
“I told Tammy and Jackie I’d meet them at ‘The Boot Heel ’ around ten. I could call them and reschedule and we could do a slumber party with just the two of us like old times.” Cassie said.
“No actually ‘The Boot Heel’ sounds good. I would love to see the girls again too.” Carrie insisted.
“Are you sure? You have to be tired and they really won’t mind. Besides Aunt Truvie shut down ‘‘The Diner’’ so we could spend time together.”
“I’m positive if you think Tammy and Jackie wouldn’t mind me crashing their party. Does the club still have karaoke on Monday nights? I haven’t sung like that in forever.”
“Yes they do and Tammy and Jackie will be thrilled to have you join us. They ask about you all the time. You have been sorely missed by our little posse. It’s not the same without you.”
“Great! Then let’s get ‘‘The Diner’’ shut down so we can hit ‘The Boot Heel’ for a little dancing and karaoke.” Carrie said. She was so excited to be back home and welcomed by everyone but more so by the sister she always thought of as her other half.
“Oh, No You Don’t, I may not be able to do much but I will see ‘‘The Diner’’ closed tonight. You two go get gussied up and hit the club. If you two are lucky you will both find yourselves some men tonight and get really lucky.” Aunt Truvie said with a wink. “Try not to wake me tonight if you bring them home or I may have to steal them away.” She said with a laugh
“Aunt Truvie.” They both said. Just like old times.
Carrie laughed, ‘Aunt Truvie you haven’t changed a bit; another thing to be thankful for. We love you and will talk tomorrow.”
“I want all the juicy details tomorrow, you hear me? Now get going unless you want to help me close up; then I can go with you and show you how it’s done.” Truvie said with her eyebrow bouncing up and down.
“On that note we are out of here. Don’t do too much or I will tell Harvey on you tomorrow when he comes to sneak you down to breakfast.” Cassie said as they left.
“Harvey!” Carrie asked once they were outside.
“I’ll fill you in on all things Truvie after we get to ‘The Boot Heel’. I haven’t had time to tell the girls yet and they will love this “Aunt Truvie story.” Cassie told her as they rushed upstairs and to their bedrooms to change.

Chapter 8
Together Again
“Are you sure we should do this?” Carrie asked. “It’s been so long; I’m not sure I’ll be able to pull it off.” 
“Absolutely and you’ll be great. Just remember I just got a new wardrobe and they both helped me pick it out. I decided to get my hair trimmed to complete the new look. That’s really all you’ll have to remember before I come in. Come on; we used to do this all the time and they will love it.” Cassie encouraged.
“Ok. Here goes nothing. Wish me luck.”
“Good luck but you don’t need it. Remember we have “Twin Power” on our side”. Cassie repeated their childhood motto.
“Twin Power,” Carrie said as they fist bumped.
Cassie had called the girls earlier and told them that she was able to get off work earlier and would meet them at eight instead of ten. It was now a few minutes after eight. She hoped to surprise their friends and get back at them for making her wear that awful outfit on her birthday.
Carrie walked in and looked around, spoting their friends at a small table near the bar and dance floor. They hadn’t changed a bit; while she felt so different. She walked over to them and said, “Hey girls I’m glad you guys could make the earlier time. It gives us more time to party.”
Tammy looked at her for a bit trying to figure out what was different about Cassie tonight. Carrie figured the gig was up until Tammy finally said, “You got your hair cut. When did you have time for that?”
“Oh it’s just a trim and I did it just before I got here. What do you think? I figured I might as well finish what we start earlier and make a change in the boring hair along with the clothes.”
Jackie said, “It’s nice. You kind of remind me of Carrie more with that style. She always went with a flirtier look. It suits your new image though.” 
“Oh yeah It’s definitely more in keeping with the new you. But Jackie is right about it making you look more like Carrie than you have in years”. Tammy said while still looking a little confused.
“Thank you. I’ll take that as a compliment.” Carrie laughed.
“And so will I,” Cassie said as she walked up to the table from behind them.
Their friends looked back and forth between the sisters then jumped up and squealed, “Carrie”.
“OH My God! I felt something was different but I just figured it was the clothes and the new haircut. We should be mad at you for playing your old tricks on us but I’m just so glad you’re back.” Tammy said as she gave Carrie a hug.
“Welcome back. We’ve missed you Carrie. Just to let you know, we aren’t mad at you because we know who the mastermind was in this whole scheme. Don’t we Cassie?” Jackie said turning to face Cassie with a hand on her hip; then hugged Carrie.
Cassie tried for her most innocent look and said, “Who me?” then laughed. “That serves you right for making me wear that horrible outfit the other night.”
They all started laughing and joined in a group hug.
It was nice having their posse together again. They all sat down and started talking about old times and laughing at the old stories. When the waitress came by to get their drink orders Tammy said the first round was on her.
Cassie ordered a Shirley Temple and got three sets of eyes on her.
“Why aren’t you drinking? I remember you really liked your mixed drinks just before you left town. Did something change in the big city?” Tammy asked with a worried frown.
“No. Not at all; I’ve just been up since very early this morning and if I drink anything I’ll be asleep at the table and I have too much catching up to do. Plus I am dying to sing some karaoke.” Carrie told them. “That reminds me Cassie you said you would tell me who Harvey is once we got here, so spill it.” Carrie said hoping the change in subject would distract them from her drink of choice.
“Well you all know that Aunt Truvie fell and had to go to the hospital. Well you are not going to believe what that crazy old lady did when the paramedics arrived.” Cassie said. Then she proceeded to fill them on the latest “Aunt Truvie story” and the budding romance between her and Harvey.
They were all laughing so hard that tears were rolling and they were complaining that their stomachs hurt. Nobody noticed the two men that stopped by their table.
“Don’t tell me. Let me guess. You were telling the “Aunt Truvie and the paramedic story” Right? “John asked looking at each of the ladies. “Well if it isn’t Carrie, it’s good to see you again. How have you been?
“I’m good John, how about you? Staying out of trouble?” Carrie joked remembering all the trouble he kept them out of growing up.
“Pretty good and no trouble since this sister of yours has been working too hard to get into any trouble I’ve needed to get her out of. I’d like to introduce my cousin. This is Mike and Mike these lovely ladies are Tammy who happens to own this fine establishment, Jackie who owns the ‘Unique Boutique; across the square, and this is the lost sheep that finally decided to come home, Carrie and you’ve already met Cassie. As you can tell Cassie and Carrie are twins and were twin headaches growing up but some of my best friends all the same.”
“Ladies it’s a pleasure to meet you all and Cassie it’s good to see you again. Carrie I’m glad you came home too.” Mike said.
They all said it was nice to meet him too and Jackie asked if they would like to join them.
John said maybe later. They were on their way to the bar to talk a little business but would check back with them later.
As the men walked off Tammy watched them and said, “Now ladies that is a nice pair of asses right there. I always thought John was nice but too nice for me. Jackie you should definitely go after that.” 
“What wrong with you? He’s nice and he couldn’t take his eyes off of you long enough to notice there were three other women even at the table. Damn girl, wake up and smell the testosterone.” Jackie said.
“You must be drunk already. He was talking to Carrie and you and barely even noticed Cassie and me. If you don’t want him I’m sure Carrie won’t mind taking care of him.” Tammy said.
“Leave me out of this. I am so not looking for a man right now.” said Carrie.
“I’m just curious, because John and I are like cousins but why did you not suggest me for John?” Cassie asked. “Was it because of the trouble comment he made?”
“Are you kidding me? I could feel the heat coming from both you and Cousin Mike the minute he walked up. I don’t know how long you’ve known him but apparently it’s been long enough.” Tammy said with a laugh.
“You know how much I hate to agree with Tammy but she is absolutely right this time.” Jackie admitted.
“Thank you; I think.” Tammy said 
When Cassie looked around the table, all three of her companions were nodding their heads in agreement.
“You’re all crazy.” She said. “Carrie I thought you couldn’t wait to sing. It’s been too long since we heard you sing. So get up there and sing us a song.”
“Fine I’ll let it go for now. But just know we will be revisiting this subject. Anyone want to join me?”
They all declined. Deciding they were nowhere near drunk enough for that yet.
Carrie looked through the selection of songs and decided on ‘Redneck Woman’ by Gretchen Wilson.
She was an instant hit and did a couple more before taking a break and going back to the table. When she sat down she raised her hand for another drink. When the waitress brought it, she said that a gentleman at the bar sent it to her as a thank you for the beautiful singing.
Carrie thought about refusing it but decided she was too thirsty; besides that would be rude. She accepted and asked the waitress to thank the gentleman for her. 
Tammy nudged her shoulder with her own and said, “So you have a fan. I have got to learn to sing like that. Oh look he’s a cutie too. Do you ladies recognize him?”
Carrie looked at the man that just bought her the drink and couldn’t catch her breath for a bit. Oh my! He was definitely a fine looking man. He had dark brown hair, green eyes that seemed to glow like a cat’s eyes and a firm square jaw; Very sexy! 
“Stop picking on my sister Tammy. She can’t help it you can’t carry a tune.” Cassie teased Tammy. Actually Tammy used to sing in this very club alongside Carrie. “And not that it’s any of your business who is interested in my beautiful sister, but that’s the new prosecutor. His name is Doug and he’s very nice.”
Carrie looked to where Doug sat at the bar watching their table. It took her a minute but then recognized him too. “Cass, tell me that’s not your Doug. I would suggest he got us mixed up but he always had the uncanny ability to tell us apart when no one else could. What’s up with him?”
“I think he liked your singing. Besides that he has never been “my Doug”; not like that. We were just good friends and hung out a lot.
“That’s Doug Cooper?” Jackie asked. “Damn he grew up good! I’d go after that if I was you girl.”
“He’s all yours Jackie. I already told you guys; I’m not looking for a man.” Carrie told them again as she wondered how many more times tonight she would have to repeat those words.
Tammy giggled and said, “You may not be looking for a man but it looks like you found one just the same. Don’t look now but he’s on his way over.”
“Ladies, having a good time tonight I hope.” Doug bowed slightly to the table of women.
“Doug it’s good to see you again. I think you know everyone at this table but let me refresh your memory for you; there’s Jackie, Tammy, and of course my baby sister Carrie.” Cassie told him.
“Thanks it’s good to see all of you too and yes I remember the “Fearsome Four”. Carrie, you still have a beautiful voice. Thank you for bringing a little more fun and real entertainment back to our week nights. Would it be too much to ask for a dance? You look so lovely you should be on the floor showing your moves.” Doug said and held out his hand to Carrie.
“So tell me Doug does that line really work for you?” Carrie asked with a chuckle. “You have to admit that was pretty lame.” Then she laughed with him.
“I don’t know you’re the first woman I’ve used it on. So you’ll have to tell me. Besides you have to dance with me now. You laughed at me and hurt my feelings.” He looked at her with the saddest ‘kicked puppy’ look; then lost it as the ladies laughed. “Please dance with me Carrie; just one dance then I’ll leave you alone.”
“Fine but don’t you ever use that line or that goofy sad face again”. Cassie chuckled all the way to the dance floor. “Thank you for the drink. You didn’t have to do that just to ask me to dance.”
As she turned to Doug he took her hand in one of his and gently placed the other at her shoulder blade. She noticed he was really tall and lean. She was considered a tall woman at five feet eight and her head fit perfectly at his shoulder.
“You may not have noticed but I’m not real smooth with women. You have to admit that my lame line as you called it, does work on at least one pretty lady.” He said with a cocky grin and spun her around the dance floor through that song and one more before taking her back to her friends.
“Doug, thank you for the drink and dance but I feel it’s only fair to tell you that I’m not looking for a relationship right now. I like you and could be a good friend but that’s all I have to offer. Can you accept that?” Carrie asked tentatively. She hoped he could because she liked being with him. He was sweet and funny.
“Carrie, I will take you anyway I can get you.” Doug then blushed like an innocent girl; making Carrie laugh again. “That didn’t come out right. Sorry.”
“I knew what you meant Silly. I’m glad we’re going to be friends. I like being with you. Thank you for accepting my friendship.” Carrie said with a smile and without thinking about it she gave him a hug.
Doug hugged her back and held on maybe just a little bit too long; hoping Carrie didn’t notice. “You are very welcome, Friend of Mine.” He said with a slight bow. “Let me help you back safely to your friends, my lady.”
“What do you make of that? He seems to really like Carrie. I always thought he was interested in you Cass.” Tammy said.
“Nah, we were like best buds. He hung around but I always suspected he liked Carrie. When he never made a move and just went off to college without saying good bye to either of us, I just figured I was wrong. Maybe I was right after all.
Carrie laughed and hooked his arm with one hand while placing the other around his muscular bicep. “Wow, for a lawyer that sits for the biggest part of the day he’s got some big guns.” She thought; very impressed.
Just as they made it to the table, John and Mike approached from the other side. Doug’s steps faltered just a bit before he could blink Carrie pulled him to a stop. 
“Doug, are you ok? Do you know John and his cousin Mike?” She asked concern clearly showing on her face.
“Yeah I know them. They’re good guys but Mike doesn’t like me much. We met several times about his grandpa’s will.”  He said with a strained smile.
“I was going to ask you to join us but if you’d rather not I’ll understand.” She assured him.
“I would love to join you and your friends. With you by my side I can face anything or anyone.” He said with a true smile this time.
“Ok then. Let’s face the big bad cowboy together.” She said and gave his arm a hug.

Chapter 9
Why Can’t Everyone Just Be Happy
They approached the table just as John sat down between Tammy and Cassie. Mike was still standing and talking to her sister. She could see a definite spark between those two even if her stubborn sister didn’t want to admit it yet.
“Hey, why aren’t you guys dancing yet? Guys what is wrong with you? You have a table of beautiful women and here you sit, wasting a perfect chance to hold one of them in your arms; pathetic.” Carrie said with a wink to the guys.
“I totally agree. Cassie would you like to dance? I may have two left feet but I think I can manage to dance on my own feet. You want to put me to the test?” Mike asked.
“I’m game. I have to warn you though that I give as good as I get.” Cassie joked
“I have been warned. I’m willing to take that chance. Let’s give it a try.”
They left the table laughing together. While John fidgeted in his seat looking like everyone in the club was staring at him in his underwear.
“John would you dance with me.” Jackie asked him.
“Ah…Yeah…Sure I’m not much of a dancer but I guess I can give it a try.” He stammered.
“Wow such enthusiasm. It’s almost overwhelming.” Jackie laughed. “Come on Chief I’ll lead.”
Tammy watched them leave the table with John’s hand at Jackie’s elbow. The look on her face was so sad and wistful it nearly broke Carrie’s heart. 
“Tammy would you like to dance?” Doug asked hesitantly. “I promise not to step on your toes.” 
“Thanks Doug but I think I’ll just get another drink.” She said with her eyes never leaving John and Jackie. They were trying to dance while laughing so hard they were hardly even moving.
“Come on Tammy. Let’s show those two clowns how it’s really done.” Doug winked and offered her his hand.
Tammy couldn’t hold back a laugh at Doug’s joking and took his arm. “Ok I think it’s time to school the good Chief. You ok with this Carrie?”
“Of course, Honey. Go show us your stuff girl. Make him sorry he didn’t ask you to dance before this sweet man swept in to claim you.” Carrie said with a smile and a challenge.
They made their way to the dance floor, winding their way through the crowd. Doug said something to Jackie and John then took off in a fast country swing dance. They were amazing to watch. It looked as if they had been dancing together their whole lives. Carrie was impressed and proud of her new friend as well as her old friend for being able to keep up with Doug. He set the floor on fire.
Jackie and John came back to the table shaking their heads and laughing.
“Ok I’m so taking dance lessons and I’m going to show that crazy lawyer. Where did he learn to dance like that? Damn, I don’t know how they do all that spinning so fast.” John said.
“You did fine. You just need to learn to relax and move to the music. I think you could be a good dancer with the right girl.” Jackie told him. “You’re right though Doug can really dance!”
They watched all of the dancers. Carrie noticed that Cassie and Mike had danced their way to the far edge of the dance floor. 
“So what’s going on with my sister and your cousin, John? They look awfully serious. How long have they known each other anyway? I got the impression they just met.”
John looked at the couple hardly dancing on the other side of the room. ”They just met today. You right though. They aren’t so much dancing as just holding each other and swaying to the music. I don’t know what’s going on there but you can bet I’m going to find out. Cassie is a friend and I won’t have her hurt by anyone” John said with the protectiveness of a big brother.
“Down boy,” Jackie said. “They look happy. We just all need to keep an eye on them both. Let’s see how things go for a while. If it looks like either one is going to get hurt then we can step in.”
Tammy and Doug returned all laughs until they saw their friends’ concerned looks. “What’s up with you three?” Tammy asked. “We are supposed to be having a good time and you all look like you just smelled something rotten.”
“That’s what we were just discussing. Something stinks with Cassie and Mike.” John said.
“What? They look pretty happy to me.” Tammy said with a frown. “At least… never mind.” She said looking daggers at John. 
John looked a little uncomfortable but said. “No go ahead and finish your sentence, Tammy”.
“It’s not important. Can’t you just be glad for your cousin and our friend?” Tammy said. ”Stop trying to protect everyone, John. We don’t need your protection.” Tammy said with real anger. “I need to check on the bar. I’ll be right back. Does anyone need anything from the bar while I’m there?” she asked.
They all asked for another drink. She nodded her head then stormed off toward the bar. That was so not like Tammy. Something was definitely going on between John and Tammy. And Jackie was going to find out what it was. They were going to having a long talk; if not tonight then tomorrow for sure. She didn’t like to see her friends upset.
“I’m sorry guys. I guess I should go so you all can get back to having fun. I don’t think Tammy will come back until I leave. I think I’ll go try to talk to her then head out. Have a good night. Carrie, it’s good to have you back.” John said as he stood to go.
“John, you don’t have to go but I do think that you and Tammy need to talk. So after you talk to her come back and join us.” Carrie said.
“I have to get up early anyway. I’ll see you guys later.” He said then walked away.
They watched him approach Tammy cautiously. Tammy said something that seemed to hit a vulnerable spot with John. They talked for a while then John left. He didn’t look any happier than he had when he left their table.
“Ok, that was uncomfortable. Do either of you know what is happening between those two? They sure don’t seem to like each other much.” Doug asked.
“That’s just it; they do. They’ve let their pride get in their way. They dated for years. Tammy inherited ‘The Boot Heel’ and John didn’t like her spending all her time here around a bunch of men drinking. When John got the promotion to Chief of Police and he was so busy learning how to do his job; he didn’t have time for Tammy. Anyway there was a big argument and they can now barely be civil anymore. It’s sad really because they had the real thing. I’ve never seen two people so happy and so much in love.” Jackie told them. “Now, John spends most of his nights here watching over her. Tammy fells like she has to prove that she can take care of herself and doesn’t need his protection.”
“That’s so sad. Isn’t there anything we can do to help them? Surely if we all put our heads together we can come up with something.” Carrie said.
“I don’t know but I guess it’s worth a try. I hate to see them both so unhappy.” Jackie said. “Enough of this depressing talk; Doug, tell us how you learned to dance like that. That was amazing. I am so jealous that Tammy got to dance with you.”
Doug just laughed. “Let me rest and we’ll take a turn around the floor too. As for how I learned to dance; I had a girlfriend in college that loved to dance, the faster the better. If I didn’t want her dancing with all the other men at the clubs; I had to learn to dance.”
“You probably made Tammy’s night. She loves to dance and there isn’t anyone around here that can dance like you just did. Now if John could dance like that she might just forgive him.” Jackie joked.
“Ok what’s going on? What happened and where did Tammy and John go?” Cassie asked as she and Mike sat down.
“Ok you two lovebirds, you have missed so much; I’m not sure we have the time to catch you up. First Tammy went off on John. I’m not sure what set her off, but she stormed off. Then John followed and talked or argued with her for a bit then left. I was filling these two in on their story. That’s the cliff notes.” Jackie said with a laugh.
“We have to figure out how to get John to lighten up, not only on the dance floor, but also when it comes to Tammy’s safety and independence. Does anyone have any suggestions? Tammy is on her way with our drinks.” Carrie said. 
“I’m Sorry everyone. I guess I kind of killed the mood. I don’t know what came over me. John just really pisses me off sometimes. Here are your drinks. Have a good night.” Tammy said as she set out everyone’s drinks.
Cassie stood up to block her exit. “No you can’t leave. This celebration was originally your idea. You haven’t killed anything yet. Now sit down and tell us about that dance show you just put on a while ago. You and Doug were terrific out there. I saw you talking to Jackie and John before you lit up the floor and you all seemed to be having a good time together.”
Tammy laughed, “That was fun. Who knew Mr. Prosecutor here had moves like that? Doug you can be my dance partner anytime. As for the little conversation, that was all Doug’s idea. It was fun though watching the looks on everyone’s faces as we passed them.” Tammy couldn’t stop laughing as she patted Doug’s arm.
“Here’s the deal. I felt like John wanted to ask Tammy but for whatever reason he didn’t. So when Jackie asked him to dance, I felt like Tammy wasn’t happy. So I talked her into schooling John and Jackie, sorry Jackie, into showing them what a real dance looked like. Then went to them and told them to watch carefully and they might learn something; All in good fun of course. Then we took off and danced to a couple of songs. I thought it was a lot of fun. I didn’t mean to stir up trouble. I’m sorry Tammy, everyone.” Doug said.
“No that was classic and you did nothing wrong. We were laughing so hard watching you two that we just gave up dancing. John was very impressed, we all were. Tammy I didn’t know you could move like that.” Jackie told them.
“I haven’t danced like that since I was a teenager; really not even then, not like tonight. That was all Doug.” Tammy said. “Thank you Doug; that was the best dance I’ve ever had. The only problem is we’re going to have to stand in line to dance with you now that the ladies have all seen your moves.”  
“Ok everyone, enough already. It was just a dance and I believe I promised one more lady a dance.” Doug said then held out his hand to Jackie.
“Oh boy, here goes nothing. Wish me luck.” Jackie laughed as she took Doug’s hand and followed him onto the dance floor.
Everyone at the table laughed and together said, “Good luck.”
“If you will excuse me, I think I’ll go to the lady’s room. Cassie, would you care to join me.” Carrie said.
Cassie could feel tension from Carrie and didn’t know why. “Sure sis, will you two excuse us please. We’ll be right back.”
As soon as they hit the lady’s room Carrie turned to her sister and asked, “What is going on with you and Mike. John said you two just met today. Then tonight you looked like you guys already new each Very well. I just don’t understand you. I know it’s been five years but people don’t change that much.”
“Whoa, what the hell Carrie, I’m having fun tonight. That’s all. It has been five years and believe it or not I have changed that much. For your information, this is the first time in five years that I’ve taken the time to even dance with a man; let alone get to know one.” Cassie cried. “So please don’t go judging me ok?”
“OH Cassie, I’m sorry. I’m just worried about you. I know how easy it is to fall for the first guy that shows you real attention. I’m not judging you; really I’m not. I love you and don’t want to see you in the same…I don’t want you to get hurt; that’s all.” Cassie told her.
“I’m fine Carrie. Please trust me. I like him ok. That’s all; nothing more. I love you too but if things don’t work out; I’ll still be ok. It’s you I’m worried about. Can we talk about this later when we get back home? Let’s just have fun for now. It’s almost closing time.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry. Can you forgive me?” Carrie asked.
“Always, now let’s go have fun.” Cassie threw her arm around her sister as they went back to the table.
Tammy watched Doug and Jackie dancing and thought about John. When they were in high school, she and John were almost inseparable. When he asked her to the prom their senior year, they slow danced all night, even to the fast songs. He wasn’t a very good dancer but she loved being in his arms. He was so attentive and made sure she had a good time. 
On their way home they went to The Point and made out. That was the first time they made love and she knew they were going to be together for the rest of their lives. Now look at where they were. She missed him so much. She decided to talk to him the next time she saw him.
Cassie looked at Carrie and tilted her head towards Tammy. Carrie shrugged her shoulder and nodded her head at Cassie. They had always been able to talk without words and Carrie was now telling Cassie to talk to Tammy.
Cassie looked at Tammy and asked her what she was thinking about. “You seem so lost in thought. Are you ok?”
Tammy looked surprised then smiled and said, “Yeah just thinking about prom. I remember dancing with John all night and every time someone asked me to dance he said “No she promised this dance to me and we’d go back out on the floor. We had such a good time that night.”
“Yeah, if I remember right you had an even better time after you left the prom.” Cassie teased.
“Yeah we did.” Tammy said with a dreamy look on her face. “It was perfect then. I don’t know how we could screw up such a good thing so badly.”
“I’m sorry Tammy. Do you think you could ever get that back?” Carrie asked.
“I hope so. I remember how you two used to get him in so much trouble when we were kids. You guys were so bad to him. Remember the time when you dared him to climb to the top of the swing set in the park and he ripped his pants on a bolt at the top. Oh my, did he get in trouble for that and he never told his mom that you guys instigated it.”
“Come on Tammy we were like six or seven. You can’t blame us for that rip. How were we supposed to know there were rough bolts on the top?” Carrie laughed. “He was so upset and his butt was hanging out as he walked away” 
Cassie laughed, “He not only ripped his jeans but his underwear too. I don’t think I’ve laughed that hard since that day.”
“You three are terrible.” Mike said. “I can’t believe he is still friends with you. You don’t cause a boy to expose his butt and get off unscathed. What did he do to retaliate?”
Jackie and Doug came back to the table laughing. “Tammy I don’t know how you did it. Doug is too fast for me. I think I almost tripped twice; then he slowed down so I could keep up. It was so much fun.” She turned to Doug “Thank you for the dance. It was crazy but fun.”
When they had arrived the three women were laughing so hard they had tears in their eyes.
“What had you guys cracking up?” Jackie asked.
“We were just talking about the time John ripped his pants and flashed his butt all the way home. Man, he was mad!” Cassie said still chuckling.
“I do believe he got even for that one.” Jackie said
“Do tell Jackie. I don’t believe these three are going to spill.” Mike said.
“We were all at a town picnic; all of us kids were running around and as usual Cassie and Carrie were standing off to the side with their backs to us plotting their next trick when John ran by and flipped up both skirts of their dresses. They both squealed and chased him around. When they couldn’t catch him they stopped and started crying. John was laughing and pointing at them and told them it served them right when his mom came up behind him. She grabbed his ear and marched him over to the girls and made him apologize to them.” Jackie said.
“He learned that day to take his revenge on them outside of his mom’s reach.” Tammy said with a chuckle.
They reminisced the rest of the night. The party broke up and everyone said their goodbyes; promising to see each other tomorrow as they each headed home. 
When Cassie and Carrie got home they decided to put off their talk until tomorrow because they were both just too exhausted. They hugged each other and headed off to their own bedrooms. 
                           
Chapter 10
 Carrie’s Big Surprise
Morning came too early for Cassie as she rolled over in her warm bed. She had to get started on her day at ‘The Diner’. All she really wanted to do was to go back to sleep; then have a much needed talk with her sister.
As she let the warm water of the shower wash over her tired body, she went over her conversation in the lady’s room with Carrie last night. Something was bothering her about the whole conversation but she couldn’t think very well this morning after only a few hours of sleep. She was sure it would come to her but not until her first or maybe second cup of coffee.
She dressed in her new clothes and looked at herself in the mirror. She felt good in the newer, younger clothes and wondered what took her so long to realize that her friends were right. She had been hiding from life under her frumpy clothes, afraid to let anyone in for fear of caring for and losing them as she had her parents and sister. Well. No more; she was ready to put herself out there now and take a risk again. It was time.
She left for ‘The Diner’ with a new resolve and a hopeful heart. As she was making her first cup of coffee, she heard the door to the patio open. Turning to see who was coming in and expecting to see Jessica, she was surprised to see Carrie standing there instead.
“Hey sis, are you starting the day without me?” Carrie asked with a hesitant smile. 
“Carrie, you didn’t have to get up this early. I know you had a very long day yesterday. If you want to go back to bed, I would totally understand but if not I’m glad to have the time alone with you. We didn’t get much of a chance to talk and catch up last night.” Cassie said, letting Carrie know she would welcome her back into the family business whether this morning or later today.
“I don’t sleep very well these days. I wanted to get back into the swing of diner dashing as soon as possible.” she joked. “So tell me what you need me to do. I’m all yours.”
“There really isn’t much to do this morning. It seems that Aunt Truvie and the staff took care of all the prep work last night. They probably expected us to stay up all night talking and getting a late start today. So grab you a cup of coffee and take a seat with me.”
“Sounds great; did you happen to make any decaf? My system can’t handle the caffeine anymore. Do you think its age catching up with me?” Carrie asked. “By the way I love what you’ve done with ‘The Diner’. That patio dining area is fantastic. Mom and Dad would be so proud of you.”
“Thanks Sis. The decaf is in the filters on the left of the coffee maker. We will need it for the other old fogies.” She laughed with Carrie. “You know how much I love the outdoors and wanted to have some place to enjoy while still working and it’s been a real popular change with the our customers.”
“Maybe when you get me retrained, I can take care of the inside and you can take the outside; if you want me working here that is. I feel like I kind of lost the right; when I ran off and left you in a lurch. I’m sorry Cass I should’ve stuck it out and been here for you, and let you be here for me. Can you forgive me?”
“Carrie, I will say this only once; then I don’t want to hear any more about it. You did ‘Not’ run out on me. You did what you had to do. I understood it then and understand it now. We each had to handle our loss in our own way and we did that. I’m just glad you’re back. It’s going to be a true family business again and I’m going to help you get back into the swing of things quickly so you know that this is where you are wanted and belong. I love you little sister and am thrilled you are back.” Cassie reassured her sister.
Carrie poured her coffee, then turned and leaned against the counter she thanked her big sister and asked, “So how long before we open the doors for business this morning?”
Cassie looked at the big clock on the wall and said, “We have about an hour. You want some breakfast while we visit?”
“No thank you. I usually just eat toast in the morning. You go ahead though. We can talk while you cook and eat.” Carrie said suddenly nervous.
This was going to be the hardest conversation she had ever had to have. It had to be done. She couldn’t put it off much longer and she owed it to her sister to come clean. She needed her sister right now more than ever and just hoped Cass would understand.
“Sounds good; let’s go into the kitchen. Maybe no one will know we’re here and let us open at the regular time. They tend to think I should open the doors as soon as I get here.” Cassie laughed. She loved the people of this town like family but like family they thought her home aka: ‘The Diner’ was always open.
Carrie pushed her toast down and sat at the little table they used in the kitchen for family and staff, to wait for it to pop up. 
“So Cassie, I need to tell you something and I’m not sure how to do it. First let me say that I love and will abide by any decision you make concerning this situation.” 
Cassie turned to her sister and looked confused. “Ok sounds ominous. Let me have it.”
Taking a big breathe for courage, Carrie said “Ok, there’s no easy way to say this. I’m sorry to be so blunt, but I'm pregnant, Cass. I’m about four weeks along and the baby daddy, ha, is not in the picture anymore.”
Cassie stood in shock not saying anything for what seemed, to Carrie, like a very long time. “Please say something. You’re scaring me. I will still leave if that is what you want. I want to keep my baby but I won’t embarrass you and Aunt Truvie or be a burden to my family. It’s your call” This isn’t looking good right now she thought.
“Wow, sorry but right now that’s all I can think. Give me a minute to wrap my brain around this. Again wow; I’m going to be an Aunt. Ok, here’s what I’m thinking, you aren’t going anywhere and you can work in ‘The Diner’ but only part-time. I want you to take care of yourself and protect my niece or nephew. We will get you the best doctors possible. Have you had any prenatal care yet?” She asked her sister.
“Yes back in Nashville. I brought copies of all my records with me so there would be no waiting or rerunning of tests. The doctor says that we are both doing great. The only concern is that with all the stress and uncertainty I haven’t gained as much weight as she would’ve liked me to. Now that things are more settled; I should be fine. I’m sick each morning so I can’t eat anything but dry toast in the mornings” Carrie informed her.
“Alright, no more stress. If you feel that you are working too much or working at all is too stressful you will let me know; got it?” Cassie ordered.
“Yes ma’am, Boss Lady.” Cassie laughed.
“You’ve been stressed! That was where I was getting those feelings from. Oh and now I understand the dream I had too. We’ve still got it; “That Twin Thing” that Mom and everyone else always talked about.” Cassie looked so excited but Carrie wasn’t sure what she was talking about.
“What dream Cassie? Did you dream of me too?” Carrie asked in awe.
“What do you mean too? Don’t tell me: you had a dream of me. Tell me about it. This is just so cool.  Sorry; tell me about your dream.” Cassie asked.
“OK but it’s a little more eerie than cool, if you ask me. Anyway, I was lost in the dark and all I could think of was that you would help me find the light. So I started calling to you for help and crying when I couldn’t reach you. Then I heard your voice telling me to find my way home and you would help me. Then you said something from our past that calmed me down like nothing else could’ve. Do you know what that was?” Carrie asked seeing the total wonder on her sister’s face. Something told her that Cassie knew the whole conversation in her dream or was it their dream she thought as a chill shook her body.
Cassie felt a chill shake her body as she realized they had both dreamt the same dream. Then she said the same thing she had said in her dream; “I can’t find you but if you can make your way to me, I will help you. There is nothing we can’t tackle and conquer together. Don’t forget we have “Twin Power”. I love you Sissy. Please come home and let me help you.”
“OH my, how can this be Sissy?” Carrie asked. Then together they said “Twin Power” and laughed and hugged as they cried.
Just then Aunt Truvie came into the room. She was stunned to see “her girls” crying and hugging, “What happened? Did someone get hurt? Are you two ok?” she asked as she rushed over to the startled girls.
“Everything is fine Aunt Truvie.” Cassie said hugging her too. She was just so happy she thought she may just hug everyone she saw today.
Carrie looked at her twin with a question in her eyes. With their “Twin Power” working Cassie heard the question as if it had been spoken; not in words but just in knowing the heart and mind of her twin sister. She gave a slight nod and just as Cassie had done; Carrie got the message.
Carrie took Aunt Truvie’s arm and helped her down at their little table. She said “I think you should sit down.”
“Oh No; something is wrong isn’t it? Just tell me quick. It’s less painful that way.” Truvie said; looking from one girl to the other.
Cassie hugged her and assured her that nothing was wrong but that she needed to hear them out. At Truvie’s confused nod Cassie turned to Carrie and said “You’re up. Let her have It.” then winked at her sister.
“Aunt Truvie, Cassie was right about me needing my family; ALL of my family. I came back in part to let you know that our little family will be expanding soon.” then looked at Cassie.
Cassie snickered, “In more ways in one; I would say.”
“Carrie, are you getting married? You should have brought your young man with you so we could meet him.” Truvie admonished.
“Ok, my turn.” Cassie said. “Aunt Truvie, do you remember the conversation we had the morning after my birthday party?” she asked. At Truvie’s nod and confused look, she continued. “Now it’s time to put your memory to the test. Do you remember the last thing I said to you before I left you in the kitchen?” Cassie asked.
“My memory is fine I will have you know. Just sit quietly and give me a second. I haven’t had my coffee yet this morning.” They could see the wheels turning, as Truvie ran though their conversation. Cassie got up to get Aunt Truvie some coffee. Both girls sat quietly as Truvie worked out the puzzle. “Ok you said you were too busy to make me a godmother and I should talk to Carrie.’ Then the light bulb was on and shining brighter than a hundred watt bulb.
“Carrie, are you… Where is the um…Oh my!” Aunt Truvie stammered.
“Yep, I think that about covers it. Wouldn’t you say Sis?” Cassie asked with a big smile. Both of the girls started laughing. It wasn’t very often they had the opportunity to render Aunt Truvie speechless.
They all joined in a group hug until they heard knocking on the kitchen door. “Is it safe to come in?” Matt asked. “It kind of sounds like someone let a bunch of cackling chickens loose in my kitchen.” He added with a smile as he poked his head around the swinging doors. “It’s good to hear all three of you laughing together again. It warms the heart. Now vacate my kitchen and do whatever you do while I’m sweating my …um pounds off in here.”
Aunt Truvie laughed then threw her arms around both “her girls” and headed out of the kitchen. Just as they were going through the doors he heard her say loud enough to make sure he heard her, “Yeah because we all know he doesn’t have any balls to sweat of.” Then they left laughing again.
Matt chuckled. He would be the butt of their jokes if it brought that kind of joy back into that family. Lord knows, it’s been too long since they’ve had much to laugh about.
Back in the dining room Carrie stopped and faced her aunt and sister, “Alright you two, I think until we get more of a chance to talk and decide how to handle this, this news should stay just between us. Can we do that?” She whispered so Matt wouldn’t hear her. 
“Fine” Aunt Truvie said, “but it had better be quick. With news like this I have a need to shout it to the roof tops. That reminds me; How far along are you and how long before we can’t keep it a secret anymore.” Aunt Truvie asked looking at Carrie’s nearly flat belly.
“I’m four weeks along now so we should have at least four more months but I want to get in to a doctor as soon as possible to make sure everything is going well before breaking the news to everyone else. I don’t suppose either of you would know of a good OB/GYN would you?” Carrie looked at them with skepticism.
“Actually mine is great and she’s a female so you should feel comfortable with her.” Cassie informed her.
“Ok it’s settled then. I will try to get in to your doctor as soon as she has an opening. All I need is her name and number and I will go do that now.
“Carrie, its only 7:30 in the morning; her office doesn’t open until 9. If you’re ok with it, I could call her and set something up. She owes me a favor; so I think she will work you in within a week. In fact I will guarantee it.” Cassie asked with a determined look on her face.
Carrie hugged her and felt tears slide down her cheek, “Thanks Sissy, It’s good to be a team again.” She turned to Aunt Truvie and pulled her in to make it a group hug. “An even stronger team now that it is a team of three instead of two.”
“Hey I forgot my breakfast in the kitchen in all the excitement. I’m sure it’s cold now. Do you think Matt will fix me another after your “Ballsy” comment Aunt Truvie?”  Cassie asked with a laugh.
“I’ll ask him for you, and while I’m at it I think I’ll ask for three. I find I’m very hungry now. I’ll be right back.” Carrie said. 
Cassie and Aunt Truvie went to the swinging doors and heard Cassie talking to Matt. “Mattie, I was wondering if I could get you to do me a big favor. You see as you probably know I missed Cassie’s and my birthday. I would like to serve her a nice breakfast as a birthday gift but no one can cook as well as you can. Do you think you could maybe make three omelets with all the fixin’s because of course I’ve missed five birthdays now with both of them? I would be really grateful.”
“Oh that’s pathetic, why didn’t you just ask instead of thinking you had to bamboozle me into it? Get out of here and I’ll serve you three schemers in a bit.” Matt told her as he turned her around and gave her a little push.
Cassie and Truvie rushed around the breakfast bar, trying to act innocent, just as Carrie came out and said, “Piece of cake.” and laughed.

Chapter 11
Decisions Are Made And Friends Are Informed
The week went by pretty fast, with everyone stopping by ‘The Diner’ to welcome Carrie back, check up on Aunt Truvie, and complement Cassie on her new look. 
Mike came in and took a seat at the breakfast bar. “Moring ladies, I thought I’d check in and see if Cassie had time to take a walk before lunch. I have to work at the farm most of this week and won’t have much of time to get into town this week.”
“I don’t know Mike, Aunt Truvie isn’t supposed to be working because of her head injury and Carrie just got here. Maybe we can get together next week if you have time.” Cassie said obviously disappointed.
“Cassie, go. I can handle things here for a while. It’s just a walk, not hours. Please trust me; besides Aunt Truvie is here to answer any questions I may have. Live a little.” Carrie pushed her toward the front door. “Mike, make sure she stays gone longer than five minutes please.”
“I will do my best. Come on Cassie you heard the boss, it’s time to take a walk.” He laughed as he hooked his arm with hers.
“I’m going, but I won’t be far away. Call if you have a problem.” She said as Mike led her through the door.
“Bye Sissy” Carrie said.
They went down the street towards the police station arm in arm. Cassie’s mind on ‘The Diner’ and Mike wondering how he would find time to date with all of the work he had to do on the farm. He decided he would just have to make time after dark when he couldn’t work the fields.
“Cassie, can’t you relax? I know you’ve been the one to build ‘The Diner’ into what it is today but you have help now. You need to let go a little and enjoy life.”
“How would you know what I’ve done? You just came to town? I don’t mean that rude. I’m just wondering how you know?”
Mike grinned at her and confessed. “I asked John about you. I’m interested in you Cassie. I wasn’t trying to be intrusive. I just want to get to know you. Can you let me do that?”
“Oh Mike, I’m flattered. I’m not sure I know how to relax and enjoy life. I’ve been in charge of things for so long I have a hard time giving up that control.”
“I understand that. I really do but are you interested in trying to step back a little. I’m not saying give up all of it but ‘The Diner’ is Carrie’s responsibility too right?”
“Your right, I will try to take some time off and let her step in more. Thank you for caring. I like spending time with you too. Maybe we can get together on some evening when your work is done.”
“I would like that. I was just thinking the same thing. There is so much to do at the farm but I can’t work the fields after dark so I would be glad to learn to relax with you. I’ve been working so hard at school and now the farm is going to take a lot of my time but I believe you’re worth making the time.”
“Thank you. That’s sweet and I hope we can work something out because I would like to get to know you too.”
“Will you meet me Wednesday night at “The Boot Heel’ around eight or nine? I’m not sure what time I’ll get done and make it to town but I want to see you.”
“I will be there. It doesn’t matter what time you get there, of course the sooner the better for me, but I will just hang out with the girls.”
“Thank you for being understanding and for giving me a chance. Now let’s get you back to work. I’d hate to see you go through withdrawal on the streets.” He joked. They joked with each other the rest of the way back to ‘The Diner’. As they stopped just outside of the doors, he kissed her cheek and said he’d see her on Wednesday night.
*   *   *   *   *   *
They had all been busy and hadn’t discussed Carrie’s condition very much but now it was time to make some decisions.
She had just left the doctor’s office and now it was time to have a family powwow. She called Cassie at ‘The Diner’ to tell her she was on her way home and ask her if she and Aunt Truvie could meet her at the apartment.
As she walked into the apartment, she was rushed by her anxious family. 
Carrie held up her hands in the way they all knew meant that she needed quiet so she could talk. “Ok this is what I found out; I’m actually eight weeks along and so our little secret is safe for a while. It’s time to figure out how we are going to break the news to everyone. The way I see it we have two choices. We can tell our closest friends first or just tell everyone at once. What do you guys think would be best?”
Cassie said, “I think we should tell our friends and employees first so as not to hurt their feelings. Then we can tell everyone else.”
“That works for me. What do you think Aunt Truvie?” 
“That works and I think it would be fun to throw a welcome home party and tell everyone then. The whole town would turn up to welcome you home. If it would make you feel better we could even have all of our friends surrounding us in a show of support. How does that sound?” Aunt Truvie asked looking at her nieces for agreement.
“That sounds perfect. Now the next issue we need to discuss is Carl, better known to you as” the baby daddy”. I don’t really want to go into much detail except to say that he isn’t in the picture anymore. Do you think that will work? I know how everyone in this town thinks they have a right to every detail to a story; especially one as intriguing as this one is.”
“Before I give my opinion on that issue, I have to ask you: Do you think Carl will cause you any problems later on? We don’t want to be taken by surprise if he decides to show up here.” Cassie said feeling bad for putting Carrie on the spot, but needing to know all of the particulars before forming an opinion.
“Fair enough:” Cassie said. “Carl told me in no uncertain terms, he was not going to be a father. He even went so far as to say he didn’t think it was his, even though we had been together nearly every night for the last year; unless he was out screwing around on me. I found out about that when I told him that we were about to become parents.” Carrie hung her head at that last bit of news.
“What an asshole!” Aunt Truvie said. “He had just better not show his face around this town unless he’s ready for a royal ass whoopin’ from me.” She said as she patted Carrie’s hand.
Cassie grinned and cleared his throat. “Okay? At least I now know what had you so upset the other night at the club. You don’t have to worry about me though. Mike and I have talked and we both agree we want to take this thing slow and see where it goes.”
“Now on to my opinion, I think that you should only tell what you feel comfortable telling and to whom. We will back you all the way in whatever you decide to do and say; Right Aunt Truvie?” Cassie pinned her aunt with a get-with-the-program stare.
“Of course; I would never do anything that would hurt you girls in anyway. I can’t believe you even felt the need to ask.” Their aunt said in a huff of hurt feelings.
“I’m sorry I hurt your feelings Aunt Truvie but I just had to make sure that we all know the plan here. I know you love us. I was not accusing you of loose lips.” Cassie assured her.
“Ok, so let me get this straight; we will tell all of the employees of ‘The Diner’ and of course Tammy and Jackie. Is there anyone else that either of you would like to tell first. I think all three of us should agree on any others to be let into the inner circle. That includes the fact that I would like to tell Doug. He is my friend and I feel like I can talk to him in the same way I can talk to the two of you. Now you two, anyone you want to let in on our little secret before the big announcement?” Carrie asked.
Aunt Truvie asked if they would they would mind her telling Harvey. She was sure he would be thrilled. Both girls agreed.
“Cassie, can you think of anyone else?” Carrie asked. 
“I would like to tell Mike for the same reason you both would like to tell the men in your lives but I also think as a precaution we should include John; just in case “Asshole” decides to come to town causing trouble for you.”
“That makes sense, Good idea Sissy. Now I think this all needs to go down as soon as it can be arranged. So how fast can we get our first group of friends together and where should we hold this clandestine meeting?” 
They all giggled then decided to try for the day after tomorrow at ‘The Diner’ around seven in the morning if everyone could make it. They decided to tell everyone that they needed to talk to them about something very important that couldn’t wait and ask if they could please be there.
Once everything was decided, they all hit the phones. By Dinner that night they had contacted everyone on their lists and had gotten confirmation from each and every one of them. As for the employees Cassie had just told them that she was calling a mandatory meeting for that morning.
*   *   *   *   *   *
The morning of the meeting Carrie was nervous and decided to talk to her sister before they left the apartment. She knocked on Cassie’s bedroom door. “Cass, are you up yet? I need to talk to you before the meeting. Can I come in?” Carrie asked tentatively. 
Cassie opened the door. ‘Come on in. You’re nervous aren’t you? It’s just our friends so there is no need. That’s why we decided to make this little practice run.” Cassie joked with her.
“No it’s not that. I mean, well yeah I’m nervous but it’s more than that. I just don’t know how to break it to everyone. I don’t want to blurt it out that I’m pregnant like I did with you. Can you help me?” she asked Cassie. She wasn’t even sure what she expected her sister to do but was hoping she had the magic solution. Cassie had always been the brains while Carrie had been the one to make sure their plans were carried out.
Cassie thought about it for a bit then looked at her sister like it was a very simple question and she had the perfect very simple answer. “I will just announce that I wanted to let everyone know that you are making me an aunt. That should take some of the attention off of you until it begins to sink in.” 
“I don’t think we should bring up the possibility of Carl causing trouble later until after everyone leaves and we will ask John and Doug to stay afterwards so we can discuss something else with them. Before you ask; we ask John to stay for the obvious reason that he is the law here. I think Doug should stay because he will probably be the one you will be spending the most time with” Cassie reasoned.
“Thank you so much. I can’t think straight right now. I promise I will do better once all the announcements are done. I can’t do much worse, right?” Carrie said trying to lighten the mood.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. You are handling this situation a lot better than I’m sure I would be. Let’s go meet our friends and fill them in on our happy family news.” Cassie said as she looped her arm with Carrie.
They entered ‘The Diner’ together and checked to make sure there was plenty of coffee. Some of their friends will not have gotten much sleep last night. Aunt Truvie was in the kitchen putting the finishing touches on her cinnamon biscuits and sausage patties.  It just didn’t seem right to ask their friends to get out of a nice warm bed to come to a meeting this early in the morning and not feed them. They would be served buffet style along with all the coffee, juice and milk they could drink.
Matt was the first to arrive. “I figured you’d be in my kitchen making a mess, old woman.” He teased while giving Truvie a one armed hug. “What can I do to help?’ he offered.
“There are juices and milk that need to be put on ice and sat on tables; oh yeah and dishes too. Then we should be all set to go. Thanks Matt, we didn’t ask you here to cook or serve everyone. We appreciate all that you do for us. I know we don’t say it often enough but I just thought you should know.”  
“You are very welcome. Family has to stick together; right?” Matt said. “You and those two lovely ladies out there are the only family I have and I will always be here for each of you. Now that’s been said let’s get this meeting going so I can have my kitchen back.” He then bent and kissed Aunt Truvie on the cheek. “I love you old girl.” Then he went to work completing the tasks she gave him.
Jessica came in to the kitchen just as Aunt Truvie was finished plating the food. “Are these ready Aunt Truvie? I can help take them out if they are.” She offered.
“Thanks Hun, they are good to go.” Aunt Truvie said then followed Jessica out. As the last trey of food was placed, Tammy, the last of their guests walked in.
Cassie took her place behind the breakfast bar flanked by Aunt Truvie and Cassie. “Anyone that wants to grab something to eat, please do that now. As soon as you fill your plates and cups crab a seat and we will get this meeting started.” Cassie instructed.
Because of the time limit before ‘The Diner’ was due to open they all hurried to do as told. Once they were all seated Cassie started this secret meeting.
“First we apologize for getting you all out at this time of morning but to include all of you this was the only time we could find to do it; so we thank you for coming. I have an announcement to make that we wanted you, our closest friends and family to be the first to know. We also ask that this announcement not leave this room for the time being.”
“Now to this good news; I would like to share with all of you that Carrie has granted me my fondest dream by making me an aunt in the next few months.” At the silent shocked faces Cassie laughed. “I see you are all taking it about the same as Aunt Truvie and I did.”
Then the applause erupted along with congratulations to all three ladies.
“Thank you but there are a few things Carrie wants you to know.” She looked at Carrie and saw the pleading in her eyes; so just kept going. “First, you should know that the baby daddy is not in the picture and doesn’t plan to be. Because of that we will be raising this baby here with our extended family. Second, we are planning a welcome home party for Carrie and will be informing the rest of the town then. We would all appreciate the support of any one of you that would like to stand with us as a united front to help with any questions that may arise, Well the ones we feel we can or should answer.’
“The last issue is when and where we should have this party. We are open to any and all suggestions. There are pieces of paper and pens to wright your suggestions on. Now everyone enjoy your breakfast and again Thank You all for coming this morning.”
She then turned to Carrie before anyone could reach her and said, “You are responsible for getting Doug to stay after everyone else leaves and I will make sure John is here. Now smile because here they come.” She then turned to Aunt Truvie and told her, “Watch her and help her field the hard questions while I go find John.
As she wove through their friends she was hugged and congratulated by all who passed her on their way to Carrie. She thanked each of them; then moved on looking and finally spotting John leaning against a wall in the back of the room with his arms crossed and a smile on his face.           

Chapter 12
The Secret Meeting
Once Cassie reached John she imitated his stance and asked, “What’s that shit-eating grin for Chief?”
Still looking at Carrie he chuckled and said, “I never thought I’d see the day when Little Carrie would one-up you in the trouble department.” He laughed, “No really I’m happy for her; for all of you really. I hope this helps in your healing process. You family has had so much loss; It’s about time you all got something to be truly happy for, Congratulations Cass.”  
Touched by his words Cassie could only say, “Thank you John.” After she cleared her throat she turned away from the rest of the crowd. “John I need to ask you to stay after everyone else have gone or we can meet you at the station later; but we need to talk to you as Chief of Police here. Can you stay for just a bit?”
“I’ll be here as long as anyone in your family needs me. It’s my job Cassie; but more than that it’s an honor to be among your closest friends. Just say the word. You and Carrie are like the sisters I never had” he told her with a light punch in the shoulder, “and never really wanted.” He laughed then winked and walked off.
Mike watched Cassie seek out John and then laugh and joke with him. It made him feel cold than hot with jealousy. Maybe John wasn’t being as honest with him as he’d thought. Wasn’t it just last week that John was telling him to go slow with Cassie? Could it be that if Mike goes slowly enough maybe that would leave the door open long enough for John to step in? He decided to talk to Cousin John. Making his way to where John was talking to Jackie and Doug, he tried to settle down and think with his head instead of his heart. 
Mike walked up to John and placed his hand on John’s shoulder. “Hi Jackie, Hi Doug; How are you?” He asked.
“We’re good, Mike; and you?” Jackie answered for them both.
“I’m good. Do you mind if I borrow my cousin for a few minutes?” He said while unconsciously squeezing John’s shoulder.
John looked him in the eye, then to Mike’s hand on his shoulder. Mike removed his hand and asked John, “Can you give me a minute John?”
“Sure Mike, Excuse me guys I’ll be back in just a little bit. It was good to see you both again.” He said as he put his arm around Mike’s shoulder and squeezed. “Let’s go talk Cousin.”
When they were out of earshot of the others John turned to Mike. 
“What the hell was that all about?”
“That’s funny; that’s the same thing I was going to ask you. What’s going on between you and Cassie? You told me to take things slow with her, then I see you two off by yourselves chatting and laughing it up, another thing, what was that wink all about? Don’t you have any answers John?” Mike asked getting angrier with each question. 
“Well Mike, I was waiting for you to finish making a fool of yourself. I am friends with both Cassie and Carrie. I was just telling Cassie that they were like the sisters I never had. So if you are this stirred up about a simple conversation then maybe you should think about a different woman. Cassie is a friend to every person in this town and if you won’t trust her then it will never work for you two. You either choose to trust her or leave her alone. Think about what I said Mike because I meant what I said; I won’t stand by and watch her get hurt.”
Mike stood and watched John walk away. John made a good point but to give total trust to another woman. He would have to do as John suggested; and think long and hard before seeing Cassie again. He really did like her and the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her. He turned to see Cassie giving Doug a hug and laughing with him then he left ‘The Diner’.
Cassie called for attention. “Thank you everyone for coming. It is time to open ‘The Diner’ but I wanted to remind everyone that our news is to be kept quiet for now. You are welcome to stay but Carrie and I will be stepping out for little bit. Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Carrie and Doug stepped out to the patio; then as Cassie came out, they all started up the stairs. As they reached the top step John had just started up the first steps. Cassie waited for him then they all gathered in the living room. 
Carrie asked the men to have a seat. “We’ll try not to keep you too long but we feel it is important that first, John you should know that the man that fathered my baby is Carl Walker and he is a lawyer in Nashville. When I told him that we were going to be parents, he said he was not going to a daddy to any brat and accused me of trying to pass off someone else’s baby on him. He hopes to run for Governor and doesn’t want anyone to know he got a woman pregnant out of wedlock. After we broke up, I found out he had been sleeping around on me for the entire two years we were dating. As far as I know he may have more bastard children than mine.” She looked at the two men then at Cassie.
Cassie took over from there. “We don’t think he will cause any trouble but wanted you John, the law in this town; and you Doug, the man Carrie has been spending the most time with, to know in case he does. Now, if either of you have any questions this is the time to ask them.” Then she looked at each man.
“Carrie I’m sorry to have to ask you but is there any chance it is someone else’s baby?” John asked.
“John I understand but I can tell you without a doubt it isn’t. Carl is the only man I’ve ever been with and then only after he proposed six months ago. I thought he loved me and would be happy about the baby.” Carrie said then started crying.
Doug went to her side and gathered her in his arms. He held her and tried to sooth her, “Carrie we believe you honey. Please don’t cry. We won’t let anything happen to you or your baby. We’re here for you. Calm down honey; it isn’t good for the baby to get this upset,”
John stepped up and put his hand on her arm. “Carrie I didn’t mean to upset you and Doug is right we believe you. I just had to ask. I’m sorry.”
Carrie stepped back out of Doug’s arms. “I’m just ashamed that I fell for his lines. Now I have to face the whole town with my humiliation. Worse of all is, I’m dragging an innocent child into it too. I’m sorry for upsetting you guys; it’s these crazy hormones. I’m not a crier. I’m more of a fighter. Don’t worry about me or my baby. We will survive this and be stronger for it. Thank you both for caring and being here for us both.”
John gently squeezed her shoulder and said, “Always baby girl, always.” Then kissed her cheek and left the apartment. 
Cassie told Carrie she was going to walk John out and would be back to talk about the welcome home party.
Doug sat down on the sofa and pulled Carrie down beside him. “Are you sure you’re going to be ok? I can stay with you for a while if you need me.” He told her.
“No. Really, I’m fine. The tears just hit me sometimes and sometimes for no reason at all. I just happened to have a reason this time.” She said and smiled at him. “You go on to work and I’ll talk to you after work, Thank you for being here for me, us. You’re a good friend.” Then she kissed him on the cheek and walked him out.
Cassie walked out with John. At the bottom of the stairs she asked, “John do you know what happened to Mike? He was there one minute then he was gone. I didn’t even get to talk to him.”
“I talked to him for a little bit; then he went back to the farm, I believe. Was there something you needed to talk to him about?” John asked.
Cassie looked confused. “No. I just thought that with him coming all the way in town, he would at least say hi before he left again. It’s no big deal. I’m sure I’ll be seeing him soon.”
“I’m sure he’ll be around. Don’t worry about it. I know with the spring he will have a lot of work to do and especially since the farm is in such bad shape. Just give him time ok.” John said as he touched her arm. ”If you or Carrie need anything, just call me, I’m headed back to the office to do a little research; so I’ll be right next door all day.”
Then he walked around the building to the police station as Cassie went in to ‘The Diner’ to get the slips of papers with everyone’s suggested dates and locations for the party.
As she was going back to the apartment she saw Doug coming out and waited for him. 
“Doug, do you have a minute? I wanted to talk to you about Carrie.”
“Sure Cass, What is it? Are you worried about Carl Walker bothering Carrie?” He asked.
“Yes but that’s not what I wanted to talk to you about. I just wanted to say thank you for being here for Carrie. You’re good with her and for her but please just keep in mind she’s very vulnerable right now. We’ve been friends a long time so I feel that I can talk straight with you.” She told him.
“I know that Cassie. I’m just trying to be her friend but I won’t lie to you either. I’ve loved your sister since before I left for college. I won’t push her into anything and am taking things slow. We talked about it the night she came home and decided that we would just be friends until or unless she changes her mind. Does that ease you mind a little?”
“Yes it does thank you, Doug. You are a good friend and I wish nothing but the best for both of you.” Cassie kissed his cheek and said good bye, then went upstairs.
The suggestions were mostly for ‘The Boot Heel’ in the afternoon before they opened. The date was the first Saturday of next month on nearly every slip of paper. Everyone was so excited they wanted to tell everyone they saw, it would be hard to contain the news. So it was decided. 
Flyers were made and placed in windows of every business in town and people were invited by all of the family and friends at the first meeting so they could be sure no one was left out.

Chapter 13
A Good Time Is Had By All
Aunt Truvie and Sheryl, one of the high school waitresses, was taking care of ‘The Diner’ until the party. This would be only the second time in five years that ‘The Diner’ was closed. At least they would be open for breakfast and dinner.
The decorating committee consisted of Tammy, Jackie, Cassie, Jessica, Doug, Joe, and a few waitresses from ‘The Diner’ as well as two bus boys. They were all having a good time while they had Carrie sitting in a big chair on stage directing traffic. They decided to do the decorations in pink and baby blue and white since they were making their announcement today. The only thing they had to be careful of was to not tip there hand by going overboard and making it obvious. That was Carrie’s job since she could see better from the stage.
Everyone that came into ‘The Diner’ offered to donate a little money for decorations and food and drinks. They said that they didn’t want the family to have to pay for Carrie’s party. It was the whole town welcoming her so it would be the whole town paying for it. 
Doug and Carrie went through the music and selected what they thought was best. They even picked ‘If He’s Anything Like Me’ by Brad Paisley for their first dance after the announcement. They weren’t a couple in that way but they were best friends and Carrie even asked Doug if he wanted to be her birth coach with Cassie. She also said she wanted him there with Cassie and Aunt Truvie for the ultra sound.
About an hour before the doors were to open, everyone went to get ready. Cassie, Carrie Tammy, and Jackie went to ‘Unique Boutique’ to get ready. Jackie had picked out a very cute pair of white capris and peasant blouse in pink and blue for Carrie as a welcome home gift. It would help cover her baby bump that would be growing very soon.
They rushed back to ‘The Boot Heel’ so they could be the first to arrive and get some music going. As soon as the doors were opened neighbors started pouring in. Everybody was excited to be able to welcome one of their own back to town.
 About an hour after the party started Cassie led their friends and family to the stage with Carrie in the chair of honor. All of their closest friends were gathered around them for the announcement. 
Cassie tapped the mic to get everyone’s attention. “Hello friends and neighbors. We want to thank you all for coming out today to help us welcome Carrie home. We have asked the people that have been our family since the death of our parents to stand with us to thank you and so we can honor them and their support through the hard times and the good. I know you have all been there for us too but really there isn’t enough room up here for the whole town”. Cassie smiled at their neighbors that all laughed at her joke.
“We have also come here to give you all some very good news. I hope you will join us in celebration. I would like announce that Carrie has granted our fondest dream. She is about to make me an aunt and Aunt Truvie a God mother.”
Aunt Truvie stepped up to the mic and said, “Halleluiah! Finally I get to be the fairy god mother.”
Everyone cheered and laughed at Aunt Truvie. They all called out congratulations and raised their glasses to a mighty “CHEERS!”
They all felt like they could breathe again. Cassie touched Carrie on the shoulder and noticed Doug doing the same on her other; with Aunt Truvie kissing her head. Carrie looked up at Cassie with tears streaming down her cheeks and mouthed a heart-felt thank you. Cassie hugged her and said, “You are very welcome; and those had better be tears of joy.” Carrie just nodded her head.
Doug bent down in front of her and asked. “Are you ok honey? Those are happy tears right?” Then he smiled when she laughed and nodded. ‘Good those are the only kind you’re allowed to have from now on. Do you feel up to dancing with the Lord of the Dance?”
“Absolutely Sweet Man; I will dance with you anytime, anywhere.” She said as he helped her out of the chair and to the dance floor to dance to the baby’s song.
There were the usual questions: “When are you due?” “Do you know if it’s a boy or a girl?”  The one comment they didn’t expect but should have was: “You and Doug make a beautiful couple and will have beautiful babies.” Doug was being great; he just thanked them and winked at Carrie each time someone came up with that kind of comment. He told her later that they would correct everyone when she was ready, that it didn’t bother him at all.
Cassie was looking for Mike but still hadn’t seen him. She found John and asked if he knew if Mike had made it or if he was working,
John just said, “Cassie, I’m sorry but I haven’t seen him since we were all together last time. He is probably just very busy.”
“That’s ok, I understand. I just miss him. He was becoming a good friend. No worries, I’ll see him when he gets a break.” Then she whispered in his ear, “Have you heard that people think the baby is Doug’s. That’s crazy. She hasn’t even been home in five years. But they’ve decided not to correct anyone until they get used to her being pregnant”
“I’m not sure that’s the way I would go. I hope they know what they’re doing. I wouldn’t want anyone to think either Carrie or our prosecutor were lying to them or leading them on. They may not have thought of all of the ramifications.” John warned.
“You’re right John. I didn’t either. I’ll talk to them. Thanks. I’m going to go find them now before things get too far gone. If you see Mike, would you tell him I said Hi?”
“Sure Cassie. Take care now.” He said as she rushed off to talk to Carrie and Doug.
“Carrie, I need to talk to you and Doug privately please,” Carrie was sitting on her throne again while waiting for Doug to bring her a drink.
“Cassie, what’s wrong. You look upset. Did you see Mike?” Carrie asked; worried now for her sister. 
“No. I haven’t seen Mike since we last met at ‘The Boot Heal’. No this is about something John said and it got me thinking. Where’s Doug? I want him here to discuss this.” She looked around and noticed he was stuck talking with Mabel one of the older ladies that could be trouble. “I’m going after him. I’ll be right back.” And she took off to hopefully prevent a disaster.
As she reached him she heard Mabel ask when he and Carrie were getting married. Cassie rushed up to them before he could answer her. “Oh Doug I’m sorry to interrupt but I need you to fix something for me. It’s rather urgent. I’m sorry Mabel. It was so good of you to come. Thank you but we really need to run. Have a good day.” Then grabbed Doug’s arm and practically dragged him across the dance floor.
“Act like I’m explaining what I need done and I will fill you in on what is happening as soon as we can work our way around to Carrie.” She whispered to Doug.
“Cassie, you’re scaring me. Is Carrie alright, the baby?” He tried to keep the smile on his face but knew he was failing miserably.
“She and the baby are fine. But we need to talk before you talk to any more neighbors. Please just trust me. I’ll tell you soon.” Then they started walking toward the back room. They would eventually come out behind Carrie on the stage.
“Carrie, we’re here.” She said from behind her sister’s chair. “Ok I was talking to John and he brought up a very good point. If you two keep pretending that Doug is the Baby-daddy, and then later tell everyone he isn’t, they could think you either lied or played them for fools. Either way it is not good for you and the baby Cassie, but Doug, it could be career suicide. I’m not telling you what to do. Ultimately it’s your decision but I am asking you to think about it seriously.” Cassie stated her case then left them to decide what they wanted to do.
Before long they heard someone tapping the mic for attention. Then Doug’s voice came over the sound system, “Excuse me. May I please have everyone’s attention? Carrie is getting tired so she will be leaving soon but wanted to thank you all for coming out today to show your support at this time. It has come to our attention that there may be some of you that have misunderstood Carrie’s situation. I am a friend to Carrie and her family. The father of her baby has decided that he doesn’t want to be involved in the raising of her baby. This is a very difficult time for her and she is in need of friends more now than ever. So please join me in helping her out when we can. I’ve heard that it takes a village to raise a child and that is what we have here to help Carrie. Thank you again and we are sorry for any misunderstandings we might have caused with our friendship. Again thank you all for coming out to help us support Carrie. Enjoy the rest of your day.” Doug shut off the mic and helped Carrie down from the stage and out the door.
As they made their way to the doors several neighbors touched Carrie’s arm and told her to let them know if she needed anything. She also heard several others, talking together in different small groups, say, “That poor thing.” “I bet that big city fella took advantage of our little girl.” And then there was her favorite, “If I see that city slicker around here he won’t be making any more babies to be abandoned.” Man, she loved and missed this town and these people! Carrie thought as Doug escorted her home safely.
Tammy turned to Jackie and said, “Well, that went well; don’t you think. Our next adventure is to organize a baby shower. What do you think? Shoot, we could become event planners and Go-To-Gals in our off hours.” Then laughed at the You-Are-Insane look she got from Jackie.
“Girl, you have lost your mind. Just because we pulled this off doesn’t mean we are ready to start another business. Besides we had a lot of volunteers helping pull this off. You just stick to what you know, which happens to be the club business.” Jackie told her overly-excited friend.
“OK fine, but you might think about it. It’s not like there is a lot going on in this town, so it would be kind of a side business and we could even give the profit to the charity of our choice. Just think about it.” Tammy said as she started cleaning up from the party so she could open her club.
“Yeah I’ll do that.” Jackie said sarcastically. “Let’s get this all cleaned up so we can get a drink. Is Joe here yet? I may need a stiff drink if you are going to talk new business adventures all night.”
“Joe came down about an hour ago. He’s setting up the bar and helping in the kitchen. You go get a drink on me then come back and help me clean up.”
Jackie took off for the bar before Tammy could change her mind. She noticed that Joe wasn’t behind the bar so instead of bothering him she went behind the bar to make her own drink. It’s not like she hadn’t done it before as well as work the bar for Tammy before Joe came home or on his nights off.
Joe came out of the kitchen and noticed the nicest looking view he’d ever seen. Someone was bent over getting something out of the cabinet below the bar and knew instantly who it belonged to; His secret love, Jackie Houlihann, his cousin Tammy’s friend. The kids in school used to tease her and make her cry by calling her Jackie Hooligan. He would stand up for her even in elementary school. Sometimes, he would beat up the older boys when no one was looking. He felt sorry for her when they were little but that eventually turned to like and admiration then in his junior year in became love. He was never able to tell her because he was a little shy and she always had a boyfriend. So immediately after graduation he joined the marines  
He stood and admired the view for a bit then decided to surprise her. He snuck up behind her and grabbed her around the waist and in his best Irish brogue said, “Decided to help ye’self to me fine liquor have ye’? I may have to punish ye’ good little lady.” He said while never letting go of her waist. Man, it feels good to hold her; He thought,
Jackie jumped and tried to turn when someone grabbed her waist from behind. When she realized who it was she just wanted to lean into him and let him wrap those big hands around her and never move. Mentally shaking herself she laughed at his attempt at some kind of pirate talk. “You brute, you scared me. And that is the worst pirate imitation I’ve ever heard.” She continued to giggle as he started tickling her. She noticed he still had a hold on her and it felt wonderful.
“That was my best Irish brogue, Thank you very much. Now what are you doing behind my bar?” He demanded with a smile as he turned her to him. They were standing toe to toe but he had to bend down to look her in the eye. He looked like Mathew McConaughey from the Lincoln lawyer; only his blond hair had more red to it. He was tall and had beautiful caramel eyes.
“I’m sorry sir, I was raised that it isn’t proper to disturb a man while he’s working and Miss Tammy said that I had earned a nice cold drink. It does seem awfully hot in here, don’t you think kind sir?”  Jackie said in a very good impression of a sweet southern belle and she batted her eye lashes. This is fun teasing each other and the role playing could be even more fun. She thought with a smile. 
“Oh you want to play it that way do you?” He asked straightening to his full height which was about six foot four. “That is so not fair. Now get to the other side of that bar and place an order like a good girl and stop pilfering from me.’ He said as he stepped aside so she could pass. 
As she passed he didn’t know what got into him but he saw that sweet bottom sway past him and he couldn’t help giving her a gentle swat.
Jackie jumped again and squealed. Then turned to him and climbed on a bar stool. “What was that for? I was doing as I was told. I was right you are a brute. I may have to tell your boss on you.” She said as she stuck out her tongue at him and giggled again.
“I’m sorry fair maiden. Please don’t tell my mean old boss. I could kiss it to make it all better if you’d like.” Then he realized what he said and looked at her as if to say OOPS!
That thought had her even more heated and she looked at him as if she was actually considering it. Then she laughed. How truly crazy and utterly wonderful at the same time, she thought. “Ok I give; would you fix me fuzzy screw please? I should get back and help Tammy finish cleaning up.”
Oh if only she really would give, just to see if they could give each other the love that has been missing from their lives for so long. He thought. While he made her drink he said, “Wow that was too easy. I’ll have to remember that for the future. Here’s your drink young lady; enjoy.” 
“Why Joey, are you calling me easy?” she asked with her head cocked to the side.
He barked a laugh. “Hardly, princess, nothing about you has ever been easy”. He told her as she turned to leave.
With her back to him she said, “Thank you Joe; I think.” Then went to help Tammy with clean up. What did he mean by that? She wondered.

Chapter 14
Fragile Bonds Are Built
She must have spent more time flirting with Joe than she thought because Tammy was just unlocking the door and turning on the open sign when she finally caught up with her; and where did she get the courage to flirt with Joe anyway. She was always too shy around him to say much of anything. That was something to think about at another time.
“Well, it’s about time you got back, where have you been? Clean-up was done about ten minutes ago.” Tammy asked.
“Sorry, I had to wrestle Joe for this drink. Don’t worry I didn’t hurt him too much, at least his hands still work well enough to run the bar another night.” She joked. She couldn’t get her mind off of his parting comment. She may just have to grow up, put on her big girl panties and ask him to explain himself. Here was something else she needed to think about later. 
Tammy laughed with her, “He better be able to tend bar because if you broke it you have to fix it. You will be tending bar the rest of the night because I’m going to drink myself silly and I was hoping you could join me but alas you may be behind the bar instead of belly up to it. I guess I had best go see who will be bringing my drinks tonight. You can come with me just in case it turns out to be you serving. I wouldn’t want you running out on me.” She looped their arms together and headed to the bar.
When they got there, Tammy looked over her cousin Joe and decided she would have a drinking buddy after all. “So how bad did she injure you in this wrestling match?” Joe looked at Tammy confused then at Jackie’s silly gotcha grin and said “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Tammy just rolled her eyes and said “How many times do I have to tell you to just give the ladies what they want and stop fighting them.” She laughed and told him that she and Jackie were getting shit-faced tonight so he would be in charge and no more wrestling tonight.
“I would give them what they want if they would let me know what that was…”he paused then finished his sentence…”instead of ignoring me. I’m right here……to serve them.” he told Tammy while looking straight at Jackie with one raised eyebrow.
“Ok let me tell you what I want. I want a rum and coke and bring the chips and salsa to that table right over there. Is that plain enough Big Guy?” Tammy said with a wink and linked her arm with Jackie’s again then went to a table between the bar and the dance floor.
Joe watched them go and for the umpteenth time asked himself: why he had to fall for her when she obviously just thought of him as Tammy’s cousin, or at the most, a friend. Then as he started to make Tammy’s drink he saw Jackie glance back at him with the most confused look he had ever seen on her face. Shaking his head, he finished getting the girls’ orders and left the bar. 
Tammy’s back was to him and he heard her ask Jackie “What was with Joe tonight? He’s acting pretty strange. I’ve never seen him like that. He’s always so self-assured. I hope he’s ok.” 
Jackie looked up at him, with the same confused look on her face, then looked at the table.
“Drinks and snacks for two pretty ladies. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do to please you tonight.” he said with a bow and left their table. 
“Thank you, Joe. You’re the best. Ok, that’s more like the teasing fun-loving Joe I know. Let’s drink to Joe.” She said loud enough for him to hear and he looked up from what he was doing.
Jackie couldn’t help wonder why, every time Joe talked to the two of them, he never took his eyes off of her. Another thing that was bothering her was the things he was saying. Did he mean them to be suggestive or was it just wishful thinking on her part? She was definitely going to have to think about that too; but not tonight. Tonight was about forgetting everything and having a good time.
She raised her glass and quickly glanced Joe’s way before repeating the toast, “To Joe.” just quieter than Tammy. 
Joe was watching and waiting for Jackie to look his way, as he knew she would, to make the toast. When she did he winked at her. He was tired of watching her dance with every guy in this place but him. She wouldn’t give him the time of day so he had just stepped up his game. He had been quietly flirting and waiting for her to notice him but no more. He was going to try a more in-your-face approach this time. If nothing else, it seemed to have rattled her a bit. He would watch the table and make sure they ate food so they didn’t get out of control too much as well as keep the guys away a little bit more than he usually would.
A few hours later Joe approached their table with two plates. “Ladies I have brought you a light dinner from our friends down the street. Cassie and Carrie wanted to thank you both and sent your dinner here. I would suggest that you eat at least the sandwiches to soak up some of the alcohol you have already consumed so you may continue to enjoy your night. I have also taken the liberty of bringing you each a tall glass of water to ward off the hang over you will have if you decide not to drink them. I will regretfully have to stop any more drinks tonight if decide to ignore my good advice.”
Tammy hugged one arm and Jackie hugged the other. 
“Our hero” Jackie exclaimed.
“You’re the best!” Tammy said at the same time.
Joe cleared his throat and tried to extract himself from the clinging women. “Ok then; please, just do as I asked so I don’t have to cut you ladies off for the night so early. Enjoy your dinner. I will be back to pick up your plates, then bring each of you another drink only if all of the sandwiches and water are gone.” Then he turned and left.
Tammy watched him go. “He can be such a spoilsport but a sweet spoilsport.”
“Tammy you know he’s right. We won’t last another hour if we keep drinking at this rate with nothing to eat but chips and salsa, so let’s eat up and drink the water so he will bring us another drink and we can have some more fun.” Jackie reasoned.
Joe watched the women finish their food and water then brought them both their drink of choice. “Thank you ladies; I feel better. I really didn’t want to cut you off. You are having too much fun to spoil it yet. Holler if you need anything else.”
Tammy looked at her wonderful, caring cousin and said, “Thanks Joey, We love you.”
“I love when you call me Joey; makes me feel like a little boy again.” He said sarcastically then chuckled. “I love you two too.” He returned to the bar. 
“I want to dance. Do you think you can help me find someone to dance with? I haven’t danced all night.” Tammy said to Jackie while looking around for someone she knew could dance.
“Tammy can I ask you something personal?” at Tammy’s absent minded nod she asked, “Why do you hate John? He seems like a really nice man and he is here every night watching you from the bar with a hurt look on his face that breaks my heart.” 
That got Tammy’s attention. She turned to the bar and sure enough there was John watching her looking hurt but smiled and raised his glass when he realized she was looking at him. “I don’t know, Jackie. He just pisses me off so much because he thinks I can’t take care of myself. I do like him. At one time I loved him so much I never wanted to leave his side. Things just changed when he became Police Chief. Maybe I’ll go over and talk to him and see if we can become friends again. Do you mind?”
“You go ahead. I think I’ll go aggravate your cousin Joey.” She said with a laugh. 
Tammy went over where John was sitting on a bar stool leaning back with his elbows on the bar. As she approached, John got a confused look on his face. She had no idea what she would say to him but she did know that she was tired of being his enemy and fighting with him all the time. When she reached him, she asked if the seat beside him was taken.
“Nope, so to what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?” He asked hesitantly. 
“Jackie was just asking me why I hate you and I told her I don’t. Then I realized that I do act that way most of the time. I just wanted to let you know that.” Tammy said while looking at the top button on his shirt.
John reached out his hand to her chin and lifted her head so she would have to look into his eyes. “I don’t hate you either Tammy Lynn. I care a great deal for you and always have. I’m sorry that I seem to make you angry all the time; it’s not intentional. Will you forgive me?”
Tammy looked into those magic hazel eyes that tonight had what looked like a gold starburst surrounding the black pupil, she saw nothing but sincerity. “If you forgive my bad attitude whenever I’m around you, then you’ve got a deal. Do you think we’ll ever be friends again?” 
“I would like that to start with. I’m hoping maybe someday we can work out all of our differences and be more than friends again.” John said with a small spark of hope this time.
“I hate to admit it, but I have missed you and the easy way we used to have together. Do you think we will ever have that again John?” Tammy leaned her shoulder to touch his as she asked.
“I’m going to try very hard to get that with you again. Will you dance with me Tammy? I may not dance as well as Doug “Boogie Boy” Cooper but I will try not to step on your feet.” John said trying to lighten the mood. All he really wanted was to hold her in his arms again. 
“I would like that.” she stated very simply; then let him lead her to the dance floor.
*   *   *   *   *   *
Jackie walked up to the end of the bar and leaned there watching John and Tammy talk when she felt a tingle of excitement travel from her head to her toes and back to settle a little below her belly button. Without turning she said, “Planning another surprise attack Joey?” 
He chuckled right behind her. She could feel the heat from his body at her back and the chuckle sent another shock wave of tingles through her again.
“I think I would prefer the more frontal attack this time. So why are you hanging out at the bar by yourself instead of dancing or better yet singing something for us? And where did Tammy go?” He asked.
“I don’t have anyone interesting to dance with and its Saturday not Monday so, there's no karaoke tonight; as for Tammy look down the bar. Beside I wanted to come and talk to my friend Joey; if he isn’t too busy.” She said.
“Let me start with the last thing you said and we’ll work backwards. I don’t normally like being called Joey but coming from you I like it very much.” He said with a wink of his caramel colored eyes. “As for the night of the week, you can sing anytime you want. The customers like to hear you sing and I love it. So will you sing for me Jackie? And last would you look at that? Tammy is talking to John and not fighting; what happened to cause that?” He asked.
“I asked her why she hated him and she said she didn’t. Then it kind of seemed as if she was talking to herself but she was working something out in her head so I just kept quiet. The next thing I know she says she is going to go talk to him so I took my chance and came to talk to you without getting the third degree from her about it.” She shrugged her shoulder and smiled as if to say “as simple as that”.” I would love to sing for you. Just remember I’m not as good as Carrie but I think I do alright. What would you like to hear?”
“Whatever you would like to sing would be fantastic with me. Pick something special to you. Surprise me.” He winked again and watched her tight little ass wiggle toward the stage.
She asked the band if they minded her singing a song and asked if they knew her selection. The band leader said they did and would be honored to have a beautiful lady sing with them. He made an announcement that they were going to play a special request with the lead vocal by Miss Jackie. Then they started playing the most haunting melody Joe had ever heard. It took him a while to recognize it. When he did, he had to clear his throat a few times to get rid of the lump lodged there. She was singing Kellie Pickler’s song ‘Somebody to Love Me’. She kept looking over at Joe every once in a while to see if he understood that she was singing to him. It broke his heart.
When the song was done; there were several women wiping their eyes and more than a few men looking very interested in showing her some love. But every single person in the place was standing and applauding.
He went to the steps leading up to the stage and waited for her to take a bow and thank the band before coming to him. When she reached the floor he looked into her beautiful green eyes and reached for her at the same time she reached for him. They stood at the bottom of the stairs holding each other and no one else existed for them in that moment.
Tammy and John came over to them and Tammy was wiping tears as she said, “Jackie that was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard. I’ve heard you sing before and love your voice. There was just so much feeling in the way you sang that song.” They had released each other when Tammy and John approached them which allowed Tammy to hug Jackie now.
John told Jackie, “I couldn’t agree more with everything Tammy just said. I was very impressed and I must say you probably spoke for more than half of the people in this room. Thank you for sharing that with us.” He then kissed her on the cheek before taking Tammy’s arm and leading her away.
“Well, I’m not sure what else I could say but that I was truly touched by the way you sang that song. Thank you for that.” Then he bent down and gently brushed a light kiss across her lips. It was over too quickly for him but it would have to do for now.
“I’m glad you liked it. That is my favorite song right now. It’s filled with so much longing. It makes my cry when I hear it too. I think I need a drink now. Can I get a drink at the bar? It looks as if I’ve been abandoned.” She joked but he could tell that she was happy for Tammy and he was happy for himself and Jackie.
“Come my little Song Bird, let me get you a drink on me and find you an empty bar stool so I can keep an eye on you. After that song it looks like you will have a line of guys offering their service to give you some lovin.” He threw his arm over her shoulder as they went to the bar. He wanted to send a very definite “MINE” signal to any men looking at her.
It felt so good to be tucked under Joe’s arm finally. She had chosen that song to send him a message not the other men in the club. Its funny how after just a few drinks she felt free enough to let some of her feeling for him show. To be held by him after she came down those steps was like her dream was finally a reality. 
“Are you ok? You’re awful quiet.” He asked after he got her seated and placed her drink on the bar.
“I’m fine just lost in thought. She searched her foggy mind for something to distract herself from fantasies of the two of them. “Do you think this reconciliation between John and Tammy will stick?”
“I don’t know. Only time will tell. I sure hope it does. They have both been so miserable for the last few years since they broke up.” He said glancing down the bar to the happy couple.
“Me too, I know when she took over the club, he was worried about her being here every night around a bunch of men drinking. Then she was pretty upset when he made Chief of police because he couldn’t spend as much time with her.” She told him. “It’s sad really if you think about it. She wanted to spend more time with him and he just wanted to protect her; but their love was so strong it split them up. Does that make since?” she asked confused.
“In a strange sort of way, it does.” He said with a smile at her.
They continued to talk until closing time. Tammy kissed John good night and went upstairs while Joe walked Jackie home. She was a little unsteady on her feet. He asked her if he could kiss her good night.
“I would love that Joey.” She said as she leaned against his chest.
He kissed her gently; then when he released her, she grabbed his shirt front and gave him a kiss that he felt all the way to his toes, and then said, “I’ve been waiting for so long to kiss you like that. Thank you. Good night Joe.” Then turned and went into her shop. As she watched him leave she whispered, “I love you, Joey.” then went upstairs to bed.
As he walked away he said quietly, “Good night my little Song Bird. I love you.”

Chapter 15
A Day Of Confessions And Resolving Matters
Cassie woke on Sunday still confused as to why Mike didn’t show up for Carrie’s party. She tried to figure it out the whole time she was getting ready for her day. 
She didn’t have to be at work until around eleven that morning but she had gotten used to waking up at five in the morning and couldn’t go back to sleep. She had to talk to him but she didn’t know when because she seemed to work all the time. 
She was sitting at the little kitchen table trying to figure out the best time that would work and not be too disruptive to Mike’s work when Carrie came in and got a cup of coffee then sat down beside her.
“What’s wrong Sissy? You’ve looked down in the dumps for a few days now. Is it the situation with Mike? You need to talk to him so you can stop worrying.” She told Cassie.
Cassie looked at her twin and said, “Yeah I know and you need to stay out of my head.” She laughed. “It still feels weird when you do that. That was the exact same thing I was thinking before you came in here.”
Carrie laughed, “I know the feeling. I woke up thinking that I had to talk to Mike but had no idea why; until I came in and saw you sitting here brooding over something and knew it was your thoughts, not mine.” 
“Well, I was just trying to figure out a good time to go out to his farm but with my work schedule and his work load out there I’m not sure when I can make the trip.” She said frustrated.
“When are you supposed to be at work today?”
“Not until eleven but that isn’t enough time to go out there and have a serious discussion and make it back here. I don’t want to feel rushed. Maybe I can get Jessica to cover for me tomorrow night.”
“I’m sure Sunday would probably work better for Mike. Will you let me cover for you today? We’ve talked about me helping out more; I can take a shift every now and then and let you have a life too.”
“Carrie, I don’t know, with you being pregnant I would rather not have you on your feet for eight hours straight. I don’t want you developing any problems.” 
“Cassie, I can sit behind the counter and take orders for the breakfast bar. That way the waitresses get the bigger tables and more tips and I won’t be on my feet all night. Please let me do this for you.”
“You know that sounds reasonable and I think the girls will like that. I know they hate it when it’s their turn to work the breakfast bar. It will also let you rest your legs. When did you get so smart little sister?” Cassie said with a smile. “If you’re sure, then I will take you up on it. But only if you promise to call me with any problems that you can’t handle. I do that with everyone, except Aunt Truvie so it isn’t that I don’t think you can handle it. Do we have a deal?”
“I know you trust me. I’m not new but it’s been a long time since I worked ‘‘The Diner’’ and I’ve never been in charge. I understand and I promise to call you with any emergency I can’t handle; good enough?”
“Good enough; and thank you so much. Do you have any questions before I go? The girls or Aunt Truvie can help with most anything you need. I make sure they are trained in every position and understand all the rules before I let them loose on the floor. I anticipate no problems from anyone you will ever have to work with.”
“I’m good; no questions and from what I’ve seen you have a great staff. So get everything settled with Mike.” Carrie got up to get ready but turned back around and hugged her sister. “I love you Sissy and am so glad I’m home.”
“I love you too Sis; I’m glad you’re home too.”
Cassie went to the police station to talk to John before going to see Mike. She was a little nervous because she was afraid that either she had done something to upset Mike or he just wasn’t interested in her. She wanted to get John’s impression on what Mike may be feeling.
She walked into the Police station and asked if Chief Wright was in the office today. The officer behind the desk said that it was his day off but he could reach him if it was an emergency. Cassie thanked him and left. There was only one person she knew that might have his cell number, but was not comfortable asking her.
She stood outside the police station not knowing how to proceed. She decided to go back to ‘The Diner’ and try to eat breakfast and some coffee. She had been so excited and nervous about talking to Mike that she thought putting something in her nervous stomach wouldn’t be a good idea but at this point she had no other ideas. She just needed to think.
She walked in the front door and went straight to the breakfast bar and sat down totally lost in thought. She felt someone bump her shoulder so she scooted over on the edge of her barstool. Without looking at whoever it was that was crowding her she just said, “I’m sorry.”
“What are you too good to talk to me now?” said a deep voice.
She turned and smiled, “I’m sorry I was deep in thought. I didn’t even see you. I was just trying to figure out how to get your cell number.” She laughed. “I need to talk to you. Have you eaten yet?”
“No I just ordered. Is there a problem?” John asked.
“Yes and no, it’s not business related but personal. Can we sit outside on the patio and talk while we eat?” she asked.
“No problem, Go ahead and order and then have them bring our food out there.” He suggested.
“Thank you”. She ordered her breakfast and told Susan they would be on the patio; then led John outside.
After they were seated John asked “What can I do for you? You seem really down.”
“John, I’m worried about Mike. I know you don’t like to talk about people but I need to know if I did something to upset him. I haven’t seen him in a while and I understand he hasn’t even been to town. Is he ok?”
“Cassie, I’m sorry. I think that is my fault. I talked to him, well I actually came down on him pretty hard, the morning you all told us about Carrie.” 
“I will have to give you a little background on him but it can go no farther ok?” At her agreement he said, “When he was in college, he was crazy for this girl. They dated for about a year and he was thinking about asking her to marry him. He skipped his classes one day and bought her a ring and flowers, then went home to make her a nice dinner.”
She thought she knew what was coming and it broke her heart. Mike was such a nice guy and didn’t deserve what she expected happened next.
John continued, “Well, you can guess what he walked into. Let’s just say that their relationship ended that day. The worst part is that it wasn’t the last time something like that happened. So now it’s really hard for him to trust.”
“The morning of your announcement he saw us talking and joking. He also saw the wink I gave you as I walked away.”
“Oh no, John I’m so sorry. He thought you were trying to…that we were. No wonder he hasn’t been to town. He probably thinks that everyone is laughing behind his back. I feel so bad.” She told him.
“There’s more, and I need to tell it all so hang in here with me ok. Remember I love you like the little sister I never had.” 
“Mike confronted me about it. I said a bunch of things that did not need to be said and I won’t repeat them now, but the important thing is that I told him that he was going to have to decide to trust you or leave you alone because I didn’t want to see you get hurt. Cassie, I’m sorry.”
Cassie sat there and just looked at him. It was something he had done since they were children, he was protecting her but in the process he hurt his own cousin. She wasn’t sure what to say.
“Cassie, please say something. I know what I did wasn’t right but I won’t sit by and watch anyone hurt you. Please say you forgive me.”
“John, I’m not sure what to say. You are the sweetest man I know. I also know you were doing what you always do. You protect the ones you love but what I don’t understand is how you could do that to your own cousin.”
She stopped talking while their breakfast was being served. Once Susan was back inside she continued.
“He’s your family, John. Family should always come above all others. I’m not the one that you should be apologizing to. You hurt him, and I love you like a brother, but I have to be honest; I don’t think I can forgive you completely until you talk to Mike. I’m sorry.” 
“I understand, I will go out this morning and talk to him. I never meant to hurt him or you. Would you like me to leave? I wouldn’t blame you and will leave if that’s what you want and won’t be angry or think any less of you.” He said.
She could tell he was hurting too. She put her hand on his and said “John, I can get angry with you and still talk to you. That’s what I was just trying to explain. Families stick together through good times and bad. And you are the brother of my heart. Please stay.”
“Thank you Sis, I will make this right; I promise.
“I was going to ask if you think it would be a good idea if I went out to see him today. I would still like to do that. When do you plan to go out there?”
“I’m going as soon as we finish breakfast. You could go with me then Mike could bring you back. You could talk to Maggie, his house manager, while we talk if you want or I could call you when I leave. I think a visit from you would do him a world of good.”
“How about a little of both plans” She said with a smile. “I can follow you out and talk to Maggie while you talk to Mike. Then if things don’t go well between us, he won’t be forced to bring me home.”
“That sounds even better but things will work out. Now eat.”

Chapter 16
A Much Needed Talk
Cassie followed John down the long drive of Mike’s farm. There were trees on both side of the drive creating a beautiful canopy of green leaves. On one side the field was covered with tall weeds and grass. The other side looked as if it had been plowed and planted. As they got closer to the farm house things looked to be neglected. Mike’s grandpa wasn’t able to take care of things for a long time and the men he hired to care for his farm took his money then did nothing to earn it. She had heard in town that Maggie was the one to tell them to leave.
The house came into view and looked in need of a lot of minor repairs too. It was a big two story farm house. It was once white with green shutters at all of the windows. The paint was pealing and the roof looked like it was missing a few shingles.
Mike needed the crops in to get the money to fix up the place. She wasn’t sure if his grandpa left him any money to operate on; but she knew he was trying to do it all by himself. She felt bad for Mike; having no one to help or to lean on when he needed them. That was why she was so upset with John. Mike was totally alone and needed his family and friends.
John pulled his car up beside the house and she parked beside him. As they got out of their cars a woman stepped out of the back door. 
“Well if it isn’t John Wright himself. How the hell are ya and who have you brought with you?” she asked. This had to be Maggie. Cassie thought.
“Magpie, I’m good and this is Cassie Lane. How are you? You’re looking good as always.” John greeted her as he stepped up on the back porch.
“I’m good. Come on in and I’ll get you some sweet tea.” She said as she opened the back door.
“I’d like to but I need to talk to Mike. Do you know where he is today?”
I think he said he was going to the south field to plant today so he’ll be on the tractor out there somewhere. Cassie, are you going with John or would you like to stay with me until the men get done jawing?” 
Cassie laughed and said, “I’d love to stay with you. And that sweet tea sounds wonderful. It’s starting to warm up already. John, will you let Mike know I’m here when you two are done talking?”
“You bet, now Magpie, you behave yourself and don’t tell all our family secrets.” John said as he got back in his Range Rover to go look for Mike.
Maggie just waved and shook her head; then turned to Cassie “So you are here to see Mike too. That boy sure is popular today.” She went to the fridge and got a big pitcher of tea out then two glasses from the cabinet. When she had the glasses down, she asked Cassie if she was hungry. “I have cookies fresh from the oven or I can make you a sandwich if you’d like.”
“I’m not really hungry. John and I ate before we left town but homemade cookies sound really good. I haven’t had fresh cookies in the longest time. I usually just eat at the family diner. The food’s good but not like food made with love; you know the kind Moms make.”
“Well, sit yourself down and I’ll get you a plate of cookies and we can talk and get to know each other. So your family owns ‘‘The Diner’’?” she asked as she put some cookies on a plate and set them on the table.
“Actually my twin sister and I inherited it when our parent’s died five years ago and our Aunt helps us out a lot” She said.
“I’m sorry about your parents but it’s nice that you’ve got family there to help you out when you need it. I wish my boy had family. He’s working himself to death trying to make this place something special again. His grandpa was sick and bedridden for nearly a year before he passed. I’m afraid it may be too late for this old farm.”
“I’m sure Mike can turn things around. He will have hard times but I want him to know he has a whole town full of friends that would help in any way they could if he would just let them.” Cassie said and decided to find a way to help him.
“That’s sweet of you, Honey; but that boy doesn’t like to ask for help. He’s been on his own a long time now. He begged to quit school and return to the farm before his grandpa passed but his grandpa wouldn’t hear of it. He believed that Mike was the answer to the farms problems but he needed the education to be successful.”
“I didn’t ask him when I met him; what did he go to college for?”
“He studied Agriculture. Something about which crops to plant and when to rotate them and a bunch of stuff like that.” 
Just then they heard the men coming back. Maggie got two more glasses down and filled them with cold tea just as they came in the door.
Mike looked tired but still made her heart flutter. John looked at her and gave her a slight nod to let her know that everything was alright between the cousins again. 
Mike smiled at her and said, “Cassie it’s good to see you again. What brings you out to the boonies? Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you came out.”
Cassie blushed and said, “I was just worried about you and decided to come out and check up on you. I hope that’s ok. I know you have a lot of work to do.”
Maggie stepped up to the two men and handed them their glasses of tea. “Now you two sit down and drink you tea instead of standing their talking to the lady. I know you were both taught better manners than that.”
Both men chuckled, said “Yes ma’am” and sat down like they were told. Cassie got a kick out of seeing two grown men still having to listen to a segregate mother.
“Cassie, you’re welcome here anytime; and I’m fine. I’ve just been really busy trying to get the fields planted. I should’ve called; I’m sorry I worried you.” Mike said feeling uncomfortable. It was uncomfortable enough trying to explain things to her; without an audience. 
Cassie put her hand on his and told him, “Mike you don’t have to apologize for taking care of your business. Believe me, I understand. I have spent the last five years taking care of ‘‘The Diner’’. I ate, slept and breathed that diner for so long I’m not sure I know how to do anything else.”
“That’s true; the night you first saw her, is the first time in a year that I’ve even seen her at the club. If anyone understands hard work to make your business grow; then it would be Cassie.” John said. 
“Thanks John.” Cassie joked. “I feel so much better now.” She said sarcastically. “Now it sounds like my friends weren’t important. That’s so much better.” she lightly punched him on the arm.
“You know anything to help a friend.” John said as he rubbed his arm like she had hurt him. “Now on that note, I’m headed back in town. I think I need to get an ice pack on this arm. You do know it’s against the law to strike an officer of the law, right?” He then dodged another punch. “Mike, don’t be a stranger. You know what they say about all work and no play. Let me know if I can help. You know I used to work right beside you during the summers and weekends when you were here. I can help you and wouldn’t mind the physical labor besides I love getting dirt on my hands.”
“I know John. I appreciate it too. Let me see how things are next week, ok? I may be calling you to set something up.” Mike told him. He hated asking for help but he really was starting to fall behind on the planting and was exhausted most nights. 
“That sounds good. You two take care and Magpie, try to behave yourself and stay out of trouble.” He told her then kissed her on the cheek.
Maggie swatted him on the same arm that Cassie did but only slightly harder as she said, “Oh you, go find someone else to pick on. I always behave; can you say the same?” At John’s grin she said, “I didn’t think so. Be careful getting back to town, you hear.
“Mike, are we good?” John asked.
“Yeah John, it’s all good. I’ll try to see you this weekend. Maybe catch you for a drink.” Mike told him. John nodded his head and left out the back door.
“If you two don’t need anything I’m headed upstairs to get some cleaning done. You holler if you need me. Cassie, it was good to meet you. Come back anytime.” Maggie said as she left them alone in the kitchen.
As she left Mike took Cassie’s hand. “Cassie, it’s good to see you. I’ve missed you and I’m sorry for being such an ass. Will you forgive me?” 
“Mike I told you earlier there is nothing to forgive and I meant it. Are we ok? I just need to know because I really enjoy being with you but don’t want to push or guilt you into anything.” Cassie told him feeling insecure.
Mike took her hands and asked her to walk with him. He then led her outside. They walked for a bit and ended up at a small stream with a large tree that had fallen beside it. Mike asked if she wanted to sit for a while. They sat on the log quietly just absorbing the peaceful atmosphere. Cassie loved watching the water as it riffled over the rocks and began to relax. Mike had put his arm around her and she leaned into him. It just felt so right to be here with him in this way.
“Cassie, John told me that he told you some of what happened to me in college. I just wanted to let you know that I have not been myself for about three years now because of the things that happened in college. I am trying to find the man I used to be; trying to remember how it felt to trust in someone. If you can be patient with me, I will continue to trying. I do trust you in my head but my heart is afraid to let go. I may slip from time to time but I want you to know that you are worth whatever struggles I may face.”
“Mike that’s the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me. Thank you for doing this for us but I would rather hear you say that you want to do it for you. I will be patient because you are worth it too. I will try to show you that I am not like those others and you can trust me.” Cassie kissed him on the cheek.
Mike turned his face to her and put his hand on her cheek. She leaned into his hand and smiled up into his face then closed her beautiful milk chocolate eyes and savored the feel of him. While her eyes were still closed Mike couldn’t resist a tender kiss on her luscious full lips. 
She felt like she was floating. As they took their time tasting each other’s lips and basking in the moment, she felt herself fall a little more in love with him. She knew it was crazy. They hadn’t known each other long enough but it just felt right from the moment he held her in his arms on the dance floor.
As he reluctantly pulled back, he looked into the eyes again and saw something he wasn’t sure he could name but knew it made him feel invincible. Mike took her hands in his once more. ”Cassie, can I see you this weekend? I told John I would meet him this weekend and either we can all hang out at the bar or I can see him another time, I just want to spend time with you. What do you say?” he asked as he gently rubbed his thumbs over her knuckles
His thumbs were making tingles run up her arm with each pass and her heart was starting to race. ”I would like that very much. I will miss you this week but I do understand.”
”Thank you Cassie; that means so much to me and I will miss you too.”
“If there is anything you need please let your friends and neighbors help. I know it’s hard for you to ask for help; but you will find every person in this town would help in every way they could if you would just let us. You are one of us. So please tell me that you will let us help you.”
“I don’t know Cassie. I would like to make it on my own. I need to prove that my grandpa was right to pass this place on to me. In a strange way I need to feel that he is proud of me. Does that make sense?”
“He was proud of you; that’s why he left the farm to you, Mike. He knew you could figure out how to make the farm even better than what it once was. He had faith in you and so do I. Now it’s time for you to have faith in yourself, and run it like the business it should be.”
“I couldn’t have succeeded without Aunt Truvie and my staff; but they are not the only ones that were there for me. The people could’ve looked at my age and decided that I didn’t know the first thing about running a business and they would have been right. They kept coming in to ‘‘The Diner’’ because they wanted to help me and that was the best way they knew how.” 
“Thank you Cassie. Your faith and caring mean more than I can say. I will think on everything you’ve said, I promise. I’d better get back to it.” Mike told her as he helped her up from the creek bank and saw her to her car. He kissed her again gently and closed the car door. 
She waved as she drove out of the yard and headed back to town. 

Chapter 17
Friends Reunite
Cassie drove back to town thinking about the talk she had just had with Mike. She was worried about him. He was working so hard and trying to get everything done by himself. She wanted to help him but had no idea how or even if he would want her help. She decided to let it go for now and just go visit the girls for a bit before checking in at ‘The Diner’. It seemed strange not to be working and she didn’t know what to do with herself. 
She called Jackie to see how business was going and ask if she wanted to have lunch with her and Tammy. When Jackie said that sounded great; she called Tammy to ask if she could join them for lunch. Tammy said that she and John were just heading out to ‘‘The Diner’’ and that she and Jackie should join them there.
“Oh no Tammy” Cassie told her. “We can do it another time. You enjoy your time with John. You two deserve time alone.”
“Cassie, Please, we are all friends and no man will come between us. We will just pretend John is one of the girls ok?”
Cassie heard John in the background say, “I don’t think so “Touts” I’m all man and therefore should be surrounded by beautiful ladies. Ouch! Tell her we will meet them there in about ten minutes.” 
Tammy said, “You heard the man.”
Cassie agreed while laughing and told Tammy, “Be careful, He may threaten to arrest you for striking an officer of the law. See you soon.”
She stopped at ‘Unique Boutique’ to pick up Jackie and explain the change of plans. Jackie was thrilled for their friends but asked, “That happened kind of fast. Do you think they will make it work this time?”
Cassie thought about Tammy and John; then said “I don’t know Jackie, those two have to talk through their issues or it won’t last because they wouldn’t have fixed the problem that split them up last time.”
“I agree. But I don’t know if they will; or if they already have.” 
“Well, let’s go have lunch. I’m sure they are already there, waiting on us. I hope they are on the patio. I don’t want to be inside on my first day off in forever.” Cassie laughed feeling freer than she had since the death of her parents. 
She was going to see if Carrie could take a break and eat with them too. It would be good to get the whole gang together again and would make her feel better to get her sister off her feet for a little while.  
Cassie and Jackie entered ‘The Diner’ through the front door. Cassie looked around for Carrie, Tammy and John. Not finding any of them, she asked Susan, who was just coming out of the kitchen, if she knew where they were. She told her they were waiting for them on the patio. Cassie thanked her and went to join her sister and friends.
Carrie had two tables pushed together to make room for all of them. They were already laughing and talking when Jackie walked up to the table ahead of Cassie. 
“Hey, you guys started without us?” Jackie asked feigning hurt.  
“You snooze, you lose, “Chicky.” Tammy said with a big smile. “Besides how can we talk about you if you’re sitting right here.”
“It never stopped you before.” Jackie said and stuck her tongue out at her.
“Please don’t make me separate you two children.” Cassie said with her hands on her hips. “It’s good to be outside. How are you doing Carrie? It’s not too much for you is it? I can finish out the night if you need to rest.” 
“I’m fine Sissy. I’m actually enjoying myself. I have stuck to my promise. I sat behind the counter; as much as possible.” Carrie said as she rolled her eyes. “Really stop worrying. I will let you know if something is too much for me. I don’t want anything to happen to Junior any more than you do.”
Just then Susan brought them each their drinks and a lunch special. She asked if they needed anything else and left them to eat when they said they were good and thanked her.
“Junior,” John asked; picking up where they had left off. “So are you thinking it’s a boy? What are you going to do with a boy? You’ve only been around girls your whole life. I feel sorry for him in a house with only girls.” John said while faking a shudder. “Maybe you can let Uncle John take him and teach him how to be a MAN.” He joked.
Tammy hit his arm and said “Yeah that would be interesting to watch you with a baby. You’ve never been around babies at all. So leave Carrie alone. She will be a great mother.”
“What is with you women hitting me all the time? Don’t you know I’m the Chief of Police around here for crying out loud? I think I’ve already warned two of you that you can be arrested and charged with assaulting a police officer. If this keeps up I’m going to have to put in for hazard pay.”
”What a baby.” Tammy joked.
“Is that how a Real MAN acts. Wow! I can teach my son to be like that without any help; if I have a son. That kind of looks like what a little girl acts like. So we’re golden.” Carrie said with a big smile on her face.
“Ouch, that really hurt Carrie. I think my manhood is mortally wounded.” John pouted.
They all laughed at him. It was so good to have the whole posse back together again. Cassie thought. Carrie looked at Cassie and smiled and nodded. Cassie looked back and mouthed ‘stop that’ then grinned.
“Cassie, how did things go with Mike? Did you get everything worked out?” John asked.
Cassie turned to him and tilted her head to the side and said, “We talked and came to an understanding I guess you could say. At least I think we are headed in the right direction.”
John reached over and placed his hand on hers. “I’m glad for you both. If I can help in any way let me know. He’s a good man Cassie but he can still hurt you unintentionally; so take things slowly ok.” He told her.
“Speaking of glad for two people; we are all glad to see you two back together again. You are back together aren’t you?” Jackie said, looking between Tammy and John.
Tammy and John looked to each other to answer the question. Finally, Tammy said, “We’re working on it. We still have a few issues to work out but I think like Mike and Cassie we’re on the right path; wouldn’t you say, John?”
“We are most definitely on the right path.” He said; looking into Tammy’s eyes lovingly and winked.
“John, do you give lessons on how to be a sweet man? I think you could make a killing at it.” Cassie said with tears in her eyes.
John noticed Carrie was fighting tears and figured she must be thinking about Carl. He decided a little levity might help her. “I couldn’t do that Sissy, because if I made a killing being a police officer; I’d have to arrest myself. That would not be good.” Then he winked at her.
They all laughed at his ridiculous joke; knowing just what he was trying to do.
“Ok, that was lame; even for you John.” Carrie told him and rolled her eyes. ”I was just trying to say that you can be a sweet man when you want to be. Not all men even put forth the effort to try.” She then turned to Tammy; “You’ve got a good man here. Do whatever it takes to work your issues out and hang on to him.”
Tammy smiled and looked at him. “I plan to Carrie. I know a good thing when I see it. I just haven’t been looking lately.” 
“Thank you both. I do try” He told them then winked at each of them.
“Ok you two stop already. John already has a big enough ego; don’t go inflating it any more. We won’t be able to live with him if you don’t stop” Jackie said.
“I didn’t know having all of you living with me was an option. I would have to think about that.” John laughed then quickly dodged Tammy’s next punch. He laughed and hugged her. “It’s all you baby; all you.”
Tammy smiled and leaned into the hug. “I’m glad; because I don’t share my toys.” and then giggled.
“How well I remember. I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Gag,” Cassie said with a smile. “Get a room already. Some of us are trying to eat here.” She was so happy for her friends; but felt she couldn’t help but give them a hard time.
They all laughed and talked as they finished their lunches. It really was like old times. Cassie couldn’t remember the last time she felt so relaxed and happy.
*   *   *   *   *   *
Cassie helped close up ‘The Diner’ that night. When she and Carrie were back in the apartment she asked Carrie where Aunt Truvie was tonight. 
“She went to dinner and a movie in the big city with Harvey. Harvey is great. I’m happy she has someone that she can spend time with. I think she is in bed now though. She gets up so early every morning. How is she doing; health-wise I mean?”
“She’s good. She has a check-up every six month and the doctor tells her that she’ll know when it’s time to slow down. He says there is no need to worry about her.” Cassie assured her sister.
“Speaking of doctors when is your next appointment? I know Aunt Truvie wants to be there for the ultrasound. I would like to be there too if you are ok with that many people in the room with you. I know you have invited Doug. That would make three people in there besides the doctor.”
“It is Wednesday at three in the afternoon. The ultrasound isn’t for a few months yet though. I would love to have you both there if we can swing the scheduling. If not, I know they will give me pictures. It just won’t be the same. I need you there even if no one else can make it. Do you think you will be able to get the time off?” Carrie asked her sister. 
The look in Carrie’s eyes broke Cassie’s heart. She had a vulnerable look to her and was pleading for her not to let her baby sister down. She had no intention of letting her down. “Don’t worry about it. I will be there. Hell, if Aunt Truvie can close down so we could talk; then I can close it down so I can see my niece or nephew for the first time.”
“I don’t want ‘‘The Diner’’ to close down. You will lose money.” Carrie said, shocked that Cassie would even consider it.
“You mean “We” would lose money. Don’t worry, it won’t come to that. Both Aunt Truvie and I will be there and ‘The Diner’ will be open for business as usual. Now get some sleep and I’ll see you tomorrow. I love you Sis.” Cassie told Carrie and hugged her before going to her room to get ready for bed.

Chapter 18
Pushing Gently
Wednesday night Cassie was excited about seeing Mike again. It had been three days and she missed him terribly. She got off work around six and went to shower and get ready. Carrie had decided to go too so they talked about what to wear. They tended to choose outfits that were very similar if they didn’t consult the other. It was uncanny how many things they did alike.
Carrie decided on black leggings and peach top that landed just below her slightly rounding bottom then added a wide black belt and black knee length boots. 
Cassie went for a dressier look. She wore a flowing gray skirt that reached about mid-thigh and lavender wrap around top with silver heals. After they decided they were ready they walked to ‘The Boot Heel’ together.
They arrived at the club a little after seven and things were starting to heat up. The band was playing again so Carrie asked if she could sit in on the next set. The band was thrilled and asked if there were any particular songs she wanted to sing and she suggested ‘Why Don’t You Stay’ by Jennifer Nattles that she would take lead on and ‘The Shake’ by Neal McCoy for Craig, the band lead singer and the last song would be Dierks Bently’s song ‘Am I The Only One Who Wants To Have Fun Tonight’. Craig was pleased with her selection and said it worked for them. She also made a special request to be played later. “I’ll let you know when both of them are here. If you could do this for me I would really appreciate it.”
“No problem but I want you to sing one more song with us if we do that one.” He countered with a smile because they both knew they would do her request with or without the extra song but she loved to sing so she agreed and went back to the table with her friends to wait for the beginning of the next set. 
“Carrie, are you singing tonight?” Tammy asked. “You know everyone loves it when you join the band. I really wish you’d think about singing at least a couple times a week. I mean on a regular basis. I’d pay you the same thing I pay the band members. Just think about it. That would leave you a little more money for the baby.” She said trying to convince her.
“That’s playing dirty Tammy. I will think about it. I do love to sing and Craig and the band are great. I haven’t been able to stump them with a request yet.”
“I can’t help it. I’m trying to help both of us. My business would increase and you would get to do what you love while making s little extra money but I’ll let it go for now. So are you going to sing tonight?”
“Yes Tammy I’m singing the next set, so chill and let me enjoy the music and company for now. We’ll talk later, fair enough.”
“Yes! I know you’ll do it but we can discuss it later.”
“Ok Tammy, later. Cassie when is Mike supposed to be here? You two should dance tonight and I’m not talking snuggling I meant really dance. You always liked to dance almost as much as Tammy.”
“I don’t know Carrie, Mike may not even like to dance. We usually just sit and talk when we meet here.”
“Well, I’m going to find out tonight.” She said with a mischievous gleam in her eyes.
“Oh man, I think Mike is in for a surprise tonight. Carrie, tell us what you have planned. This is just like old times when you two played pranks on each other, on all of us really. So what is it tonight?” Jackie said.
“Nope, you will all find out in good time. Cassie you better be ready and do not spoil this for me. Play along or I will spend the whole night telling him stories about the things you did to everyone growing up.” She said with a giggle.
“Carrie, really, you’re going to play it that way. I’ll remember this.”
“Ok, I have nothing to hide.”
“Maybe not now but you will have someone special someday that would love to hear all about the things that you did to the people you called friends and family. Just keep that in mind, and play nice.”
“Ok but you will still play along because you love me and won’t want to make me look bad in front of the whole town. It’s nothing bad I promise. It’s just a gentle push to a certain man in the right direction.” She said and winked at Cassie. 
“I love to watch you two negotiate. Can you teach me how to do that? It would come in handy when I’m trying to get my way with John.” Tammy asked.
“You mean” Have Your Way” with John.” Jackie laughed.
“Well that too.” Tammy laughed.  
They all laughed with her as the band called to Carrie. “It’s show time.”
Craig introduced her and she went right into the Jennifer Nettles song. She loved the slow, sad songs. She felt that was when she sang her best. This one had a lot of meaning for her and touched heart strings. When she finished the audience went crazy. Then Craig took over and did ‘The Shake’ while Carrie sang back-up and did the shimmy when she wasn’t singing. The audience loved it. They sang the last song together and the audience went wild. It was the most fun she had had in a long time. She might have to take Tammy up on her offer to sing on a regular basis.
Just as she was leaving the stage she noticed Mike at the table with Cassie and turned to Craig and told him it was time for her request. He smiled and took up the mic. “Ladies and gentlemen, the lovely Carrie has asked that we dedicate our next number to Cassie and Mike. So folks let’s make some noise for the lucky couple. Cassie and Mike, would you take the dance floor please?”
Mike looked at Cassie in confusion. “Please just go with it for me. Carrie is up to something but I promise we will get even. Are you game?”
Mike nodded and led her out on the floor.
The audience clapped and stomped their feet until Cassie and Mike were in the middle of the dance floor. “I would love to dance with you but don’t even think about getting even with her until I’m there to witness it.” He laughed with her as he led her out onto the dance floor.
“Ok you two this was selected with special care so I hope you enjoy it.” The band broke out with ‘She Thinks My Tractors Sexy’ everyone laughed including Mike and Cassie as they started dancing. Carrie went back to the table chuckling and sat down to high fives from Tammy and Jackie.
“That was priceless. I don’t know how you come up with these things but you are my hero.” Tammy said.
Joe brought her a Shirley Temple and thanked her for the lovely songs and the dedication. “I love that you can come up with songs to fit people so easily.”
“Don’t get too comfortable there Joe. You may be next.” She warned and laughed when he shook his head at her.
“Not me I have to tend bar. Sorry to disappoint you.”
“We’ll see. Tammy can tend bar for one song, someone is getting a little too smug. I’m on a roll tonight. So be warned.” 
He was laughing as he walked away. Carrie turned to Tammy: “Will you tend bar for me for about five minutes? I think someone needs to be taught a lesson. He should never throw out a challenge like that if he doesn’t expect it to be answered.”
“Oh my God Carrie, what are you going to do?” Jackie asked laughing so hard her side was hurting.
“You’ll have to wait and see. Tammy, what do you say?” 
“I’m in, just make it good. He needs to learn that he is never truly safe around us females.” She said as she got up and walked closer to the bar but not close enough to let Joe see her waiting for her cue.
Carrie went to the stage and told Craig she was ready for the extra song they discussed. He had picked the perfect song. He thought he was pulling something on her but she thought it was perfect for Joe and Jackie. She watched as Mike and Cassie laughed with the others on the dance floor and winked at them. She then took the mic.
“Thank you guys for indulging me. Now I promised these very talented guys one more song and Craig has made a wonderful selection. It is so wonderful I’m dedicating it as well. This time I’d like you all to put your hands together for our favorite bartender Joe and Miss Jackie. Please come to the dance floor you two.” The audience started chanting “Joe Joe Joe.” He shook his head and pointed at her then went to collect Jackie and led her to the dance floor.
Carrie grinned and turned to Craig and nodded. The band started playing as she sang the first line of ‘Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not’ by Thompson Square. The audience went wild again and Joe laughed but took Jackie in his arms and danced her around the floor. When the song was over before he could lead her back to the table everyone started chanting again: “kiss kiss kiss”. Joe looked around; then at Jackie with his eyebrows raised and she just shrugged her shoulders. He leaned down and gave her a kiss. As the applause and whistles broke out he realized it was more than a quick kiss and broke away reluctantly, then bowed before leading her off the dance floor. 
“Jackie, I’m sorry about that. I guess I need to learn to keep my mouth shut. I hope I didn’t embarrass you too much.”
“Joe, I loved it, and you have to admit, we were laughing quite a bit about her putting Cassie and Mike through that. It was fun. I didn’t know you could dance like that and never figured I’d get a chance to dance with you because you’re always tending bar. Thank you for the dance.” Then reached up and quickly kissed him again.”
“For that kind of thank you, I’m at your beck and call. Actually, I’m at your beck and call without the kiss. It was nice to dance with you. Just remember anytime you want to dance just say the word. I will leave the bar anytime for you. Enjoy the rest of your night.” Then he took her to the table where the others were laughing.
“I see she got you two also. We can meet up later and plot our revenge.” Cassie told them.
“I don’t know about you Mike but I’m thinking about sending her a thank you gift.” Joe said and Mike agreed. Both men laughed at the look on the ladies’ faces.
Carrie came back to the table laughing and looked at Jackie. “I hope I didn’t embarrass you, Jackie, but that big lug head needed to be brought down a little.”
Jackie laughed and told her, “I don’t think it worked. He’s talking about sending you a thank you gift. It looks like you’re going to have to think of something else to bring him down.”
“Huh, who would’ve thunk it? I guess it’s time to put on my thinking cap.” She said as they all laughed.
As they got ready to leave the club Jackie went to the bar to say good night to Joe. Cassie and Mike went outside to say good night and wait for Carrie who went to talk to Tammy. “Tammy, can we get together tomorrow. I’d like to talk to you about possibly taking you up on your offer to sing here. We would have to work around my schedule at ‘The Diner’ because that has to be my first priority. I won’t let Cassie do all the work anymore and it would have to be on the nights Craig and the band are here. Think about it and come see me tomorrow ok.”
“I don’t have to think about it. You’ve got a deal and a new job. Thank you Carrie, you are really helping me out. The people love you and will come on the nights you’re here and I want to schedule you on week nights if that works for you.”
“That works perfect because I want to give Cassie weekends off and can work nights then. Now all I have to do is get Cassie to let me work every weekend. Wish me luck.” 
They stood talking about the new job and what it would take as far as hours of practice and performing, then promos and all things music.

Chapter 19
Fire Strikes The Diner
Cassie was wrapped up in Mikes arms and leaning on the front of his truck. “Mike, I had fun tonight. I’m sorry my crazy sister put you on the spot, but I really enjoyed that dance. You are a good dancer. I love the slow dances but the fast one that she picked for us was fun.”
“Don’t worry about it Cassie. I enjoyed it and your sister’s silly sense of humor. I like her. She’s fun to be with, but when the two you get together it’s a laugh a minute. I could see the love you have for each other and that is so special. Thank you for sharing that with me. The dancing was a lot of fun. I haven’t had that much fun in forever. I just wish she would have dedicated the other song to us. I’ve wanted to kiss you all night. You look beautiful, not that you don’t always. You take my breath away.”
“You don’t have to wait until the end of the night to kiss me. I don’t mind others seeing us showing a little affection. Now that we got that settled, are you gonna kiss me or not?” She said with a smile.
They laughed together for a second then Mike bowed and said, “Yes ma’am. Anything you want is yours, including me.” Then he kissed her like he’d wanted to do all night.
“Excuse me, but I need to talk to you Cass.” John interrupted them. “There has been a fire a ‘The Diner’. We need you to come and talk to the fire marshal. Mike would you like to come with us or do you need to get home.”
“I’d like to come along if it’s ok with both of you.”
“I would like to have you there Mike but would you mind hanging around for a bit and make sure Carrie makes it home safe; then meet us at ‘The Diner’?”
“No problem. I will go get her and be there in just a few minutes.” He said then hugged her. “John, take care of her for me ok?”
“You know I will. You take care of Carrie. I’m not sure what happened at ‘The Diner’ but I’d feel better if they were both being watched after. Thanks Mike.” He told Mike as he took Cassie’s arm and walked back to ‘The Diner’.
Mike went back into the club to find Carrie. He saw her talking to Tammy, and walked up to them.
“Excuse me ladies, Carrie are you about finished here? Cassie needs you at ‘The Diner’.”
“What happened? Is she ok?”
“Yeah she’s ok but there was an accident. John came to take her there to look things over. I’m sure she could use your support right now.”
“Ok, let’s go. Tammy I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“I’m going with you.” Tammy said.
“Ok then let’s go. I’ll tell you what I know on the way.”
As they drove up to ‘The Diner’ there were fire trucks and the Chief’s car and Cassie was standing on the outside of a barrier waiting for someone to tell her something. It looked like the fire was on the outside so hopefully there was no real damage to the inside. 
The three of them went to Cassie; Carrie hugged her asking, “Do you know what happened yet?”
“Not really. All John could tell me was that something caught on fire out back by the trash and oil containers. I’m just hoping nothing inside was damaged because we don’t need to be shut down for any length of time while we have repairs done.”
“We’ll make it no matter how much damage. Did John tell you how long before they can tell us anything and where’s Aunt Truvie?”
“John had no idea how long it will take and he really doesn’t want us in the apartment until they give the all clear. I think Aunt Truvie went somewhere with Harvey. I’m not sure where and I don’t know why she isn’t home yet. Do you think we should call her?” Cassie asked.
“I’ll do it. It worries me that she isn’t home yet. Doesn’t she have to open ‘‘The Diner’’ tomorrow?”
“Yeah but one of us could do it if she isn’t home. I just want to know that she’s ok. So thanks for calling and let me know as soon as you talk to her please.”
“Of course, just give me a minute.” Carrie walked away from the noise and made the call. The phone rang until it went to voice mail. She hung up and dialed again with the same results. She was really worried now and didn’t want to go back to Cassie and tell her their aunt wasn’t picking up. Just as she decided she had no other option, her phone rang. 
“Aunt Truvie, are you ok?”
“Of course I’m ok. Why are you calling so late? Shouldn’t you be in bed?”
“I could say the same for you. You realize you are supposed to open ‘‘The Diner’’ tomorrow? 
“Well Dear, I am in bed and I will be at ‘The Diner’ as usual. Now you can get some rest. I’ll see you tomorrow, Hun.”
“Wait. Aunt Truvie, are you still there?”
“What is it Carrie?” Aunt Truvie sounded a little perturbed but also concerned.
“There’s been an accident at ‘The Diner’. We don’t think it is anything very serious but wanted to make sure that you were ok.”
“What kind of accident? Is anyone hurt? Where’s Cassie?  I’m on my way? We’ll be there in about five minutes.”
“Cassie is here and everyone is fine. If you’re safe and in bed stay there.”
“I’m on my way now. We’ll see you soon.”
Carrie went back and relayed the message and then realized what she had just said.
Cassie raised her eyebrows “Did she say that she was already in bed?” 
“Yeah, it didn’t even register at the time because I was so scared when she didn’t answer the phone. I called twice and both times it rang until voicemail picked up. You don’t think she was …Never mind, I don’t want to know. That’s just gross.”
“I agree. Thanks for the visual image Carrie. I owe you one for that.”
“Although I agree the visual image in my head is something I never expected to be put there; Thanks Carrie, I say “Go Aunt Truvie”. She is a consenting adult and it’s about time she got a little.” Tammy said with a laugh at her friends. “Your faces are priceless.”
“Oh my God, Tammy, stop already. You are not funny.” Cassie cried then started laughing. “We have got to pull it together before she gets here and not laugh at her. I assume she was with Harvey. Did she say, Carrie?”
“No, but obviously she was. Here they come now.”
Aunt Truvie was rushing toward them. Her short hair was sticking up at odd angles and her blouse was on inside out. Harvey was right behind her and at least his clothes were on right but it looked like someone had been running their hands through his hair.
“Girls, are you alright? What happened?” Truvie said as she pulled them both into a bone crushing hug.
“We’re fine Aunt Truvie but you look a mess.” Cassie said trying to keep a straight face.
“I didn’t take time to clean up or fix my hair. I just wanted to get to My Girls.”  
“Well you’re here and everyone is safe. I think I have a brush in my purse. You need to at least brush your hair. We won’t hear anything until the fire marshal has finished his investigation. Let’s go take care of you. Hi Harvey, we’ll be right back.” Carrie said as she took Truvie’s arm and led her to Mike’s truck.
Harvey looked embarrassed as he said hi to everyone. “I’m sorry I had Truvie out when you needed her. We didn’t mean to be gone so long.” Then he cleared his throat.
“It’s ok Harvey. We were just worried that something might have happened to her when we couldn’t find her. I’m glad she was with you. I’m not sure what would’ve happened to her if she would’ve been here. The fire was just under her bedroom window.”
Just as Carrie and Truvie were making their way back, John walked up and told them that it might take a while yet. “Do you have somewhere you could stay tonight? It’s already after three and you all need some sleep. I can talk to all of you tomorrow. The fire marshal probably won’t know anything until after six at the earliest.”
“Can we open ‘‘The Diner’’ at eight like normal or do we need to stay closed until everything is figured out and can we not sleep upstairs?” Cassie asked him.
“Let me ask the fire marshal. It may have some smoke damage and the upstairs may not be sound. I don’t think that is a problem you need to worry about but let me ask. I’ll be right back.”
“You are all more than welcome to stay at the farm. There is plenty of room and you know that Maggie would love it.” Mike said with a small smile.
“Thank you Mike, we really appreciate that. Let see what the fire marshal says then we may take you up on your offer.” Cassie said.
“I understand. The offer is there if you’re interested.”
Carrie reached up and pulled Mike’s head down and kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks Mike. I hope you hang around, you’re good for my sister and I’m getting kind of attached too.” She said and kissed Cassie on the cheek.
Mike felt a little uncomfortable. He had never been around anyone that kissed him other than girlfriends and was afraid that Cassie might get the wrong impression. The girls in his past would’ve blown a fuse if another girl had even kissed him on the cheek.
“Um you’re welcome Carrie. I’m definitely sticking around. Your sister is good for me too, you both are. I can honestly say that I’ve never met more loving and giving people as your family and friends.”
“Well, I thought we were your friends too, big guy.” Tammy said as she gave him a one arm hug and a wink.
Mike cleared his throat and looked at Cassie. She was smiling at them and again he was confused, “Thanks Tammy, I consider all of you my friends too. I just didn’t want to assume.” He said with a smile at her.
John walked up and said that they could go to the apartment “but the fire marshal suggested that you spend what’s left of the night somewhere else. It’s not safe here until we find out what started the fire. He’s not sure if it was an accident or arson yet. Would you mind, just for tonight, staying with Tammy or Jackie maybe?”
“We will get some things out of the apartment then go to Mike’s for the rest of the night. I will be in your office in the morning. Probably not before ten and we will have to put a sign up to let people know we are closed for the day.”
“I’ll take care of that. Mike, you take care of our girls and I’ll see you in the morning ok.”
“You bet John. I’ll bring them back in this morning after they get a little sleep.”
Cassie, Carrie and Truvie went upstairs to get a change of clothes and look at whatever damage there might be before going to Mikes.
Tammy stayed with Mike, John and Harvey in the parking lot. “John, do you think it may have been arson?”
“It’s looking that way but we don’t want to say anything yet until we’re sure. I just feel better that they won’t be here tonight unprotected. Thanks Mike, your place is big enough for all of them and it is far enough out of town that we shouldn’t have to worry about them. Just keep your eyes open in case of trouble.”
“I will John. I don’t want anything to happen to any of them either. Do you need anything else from them? I’d like to get Carrie home so she can sleep. I worry for the baby.”
“Yeah me too, she doesn’t need this stress. I’ll see you all tomorrow.”
The three women came down the stairs as John was leaving and said good night. They were headed back to where Tammy, Harvey and Mike were waiting when Aunt Truvie stopped them. 
“Girls, I’m sorry I wasn’t here for you when you needed me most. I promise it won’t happen again.”
“Aunt Truvie you’ve been here for us every day since Mom and Dad died. You need to live your life too. You encourage us to get out there and have fun and now it’s our turn. Go have fun. Harvey is wonderful and we are glad to see you happy.” Cassie told her.
“Aunt Truvie we are big girls now. It’s time to let us spread our wings and for you to do the same. Just be happy and safe. That’s all we ask. We love you and want to see you have fun and enjoy life as much as you want that for us.” Carrie told her then they shared a group hug and started walking.
“Well if you mean that, I’d like to go back with Harvey tonight. This may be my only chance since ‘‘The Diner’’ is closed tomorrow or today rather.”
“I think that would be great. We can go to Mikes and you just take your time getting home later because we won’t have much to do and we may just go to ‘The Boot Heal’ again tonight. Call us when you get home and we will call as soon as we find out anything from the fire marshal.” Cassie said as they walked up to Tammy and the men. 
“Harvey Honey, do you mind if I go back with you and you can bring me back before your shift on the ambulance?” Truvie asked.
“Sweetheart, you can stay with me anytime and I have already switched my shift for today so we can spend the day together unless you’re needed back here.”
“Nope the girls have let me off the hook for today. So let’s get going before the sun comes up.” She told him and turned to everyone else and waved her hand and winked at them.
“Ok on that note I’m headed home too. You know that you are both welcome at my place anytime and for as long as you like. Mike thanks for taking care of two of my best friends. Don’t be a stranger at the club.” She then walked away to find John.
“Are you ladies ready to go?” 
“I know I am. I don’t remember the last time I was so tired. Cassie what time do we have to be back in the morning?”
“I didn’t set any particular time. I just said probably before ten but John will understand if we aren’t here by then. If it’s ok with Mike and Maggie, you can sleep as late as you need to.” Cassie looked at Mike for approval.
“Of course, Maggie will love pampering you, so don’t think another thing about it. Let’s get the two of you home, well to my home anyway.” He said then took their small overnight bags and stowed them behind his truck seat.
The drive to the farm was quiet with each of them thinking their own thoughts about what happened at ‘The Diner’. When they got to the house Mike helped Carrie then Cassie out of the truck. “You ladies are still lovely but look wiped out. Let me show you in the house and get you settled.”
Just as they stepped on the back porch Maggie stepped out and said that she got a call about what happened. “I have a room ready for each of you and can show you up stairs when you’re ready.”
“I’m so ready, thank you. I’m Carrie and glad to meet you.”
“Oh I’m sorry, I’m Maggie and keep things around here working; that would include that lug head. Cassie, it’s good to see you again. I told you he wasn’t going to introduce you that first visit and he wasn’t going to introduce your sister this time.” She said shaking her head. “He has no manners. I’ve tried but I believe in that area he may be a lost cause.” She winked to let them know she was joking. “Come on honey, let’s get you settled.” She said as she put an arm around Carrie.
“Maggie, I think he is definitely not a lost cause. You have to forgive him this time. He has been up for almost twenty four hours and it’s been a crazy night. Please don’t give up on him.” Cassie said with a pleading look.
“Have no fear Honey; I will never give up on him. He’s one of the good guys and I know it’s been a rough couple of years. Now it’s my turn, don’t you give up on him.”
Cassie looked at him and smiled sweetly, “I’ll never give up on him either. I believe he’s special in so many ways. Good night Maggie and Carrie remember what I said, sleep in late tomorrow.”
“I will, good night you two.”
Cassie turned to Mike as the screen door shut and wrapped her arms around him. “You know she was just teasing don’t you?”
“Of course but I love the way you stood up for me. You can be fierce when defending your friends can’t you. My Little Tiger”  
Cassie chuckled and squeezed tighter. “I am always fierce when it comes to the ones that mean the most to me.”
“Um would you like to go for a short walk?” he asked cautiously. 
“That would be nice. It’s a beautiful night or morning.” Cassie giggled.
“Yeah it is.”
Cassie looked at him as they entered the back yard near the creek. “Mike, are you ok? You seem uncomfortable.”
“Um no I’m fine. Well not really fine. Can I ask you something?”
“Anything; what is it Mike?” she asked as she put her hand on his arm to stop him so she could look in his eyes.
“I just wondered if it bothered you that Carrie kissed me and Tammy hugged me. Most women or at least the ones I have known would’ve had a fit if another woman kissed or hugged me.”
Cassie chuckled. “I already told you I’m not like them. Carrie and I were brought up in a very loving family and we hug and kiss family and friends frequently to show we care. I love and trust my sister and friends and I like you a lot and trust you. I can say that if a woman outside our circle kissed you I would probably get jealous and upset with her but not you unless you were encouraging her, which I’m sure you wouldn’t do. So we’re good.”
“I do feel it only fair to warn you that you may see me do the same with our inner circle sometimes. That would include John, who is like a brother to me and Carrie, and Joe, maybe even Doug because I like him as a friend and hope that he becomes family eventually. Are you going to be ok with that?”
“I have to be honest, I’m not sure. I will try to be alright with it because you have explained it to me in a way that makes sense but I may still struggle with it for a while. That being said, I don’t want you to change who you are for fear that you will upset me. I like you just the way you are. I will get used to it and I think then I will like the fact that you are teaching me the true meaning of love. Does that make sense?”
“Yes it does. Thank you for caring enough to ask if something bothers me and I look forward to teaching you how to love.” She said with a gentle kiss.
“Come here and teach me a little more.” he said with a gleam in his eyes as he pulled her close. He leaned down and kissed her with a passion she had never experienced. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him with the same passion. 
He pulled back and leaned his forehead against hers and breathed in deeply. “I think I need to get you inside now”
“You’re probably right. That was intense. You scare me sometimes, like now. You make me feel and want things I’ve never felt or wanted like I do now. So yeah I think I should go in. Thank you for an amazing night.” She told him as they walked hand in hand back to the farm house.

Chapter 20
Talk Of Arson And Safety
The next afternoon she went straight to the police station. She wanted to get ‘The Diner’ open and find out what the Fire Marshal discovered about the fire last night.
The same police officer was at the front desk as the last time she came in to talk to John. “Hi Officer Tracy, is the Chief in this afternoon? He asked me to stop in to talk to him.”
“He’s in the back talking to the Fire Marshal about the fire last night. I’m sorry about what you’re going through. I’ll check with him. He probably wants you in on the meeting.” She called and asked if she should send Cassie back before the Marshal left and was told to send her straight back.
“You can go back. You know the way right? I hate to leave the desk unless I have to.”
“I’m good, thanks Officer Tracy.” Cassie said as she was buzzed in to the back room. 
“It’s just Tracy; I think we’re going to be seeing a lot of each other. Are you and the Chief dating? I know it’s none of my business but he seems happier since you started visiting.”
Cassie chuckled, “No just coincidence I assure you. He is like a brother to me but he is happier lately.”
“Oh ok I’ll see you later then.” Tracy said looking disappointed.
She knocked on John’s door frame and peeked in. “May I come in? Tracy told me to come back.”
“Come on in Cassie. This is the Fire Marshal Caleb O’Malley, Caleb this is Cassie Lane the owner of ‘The Diner’. Can you fill us both in on what you found?”
“I can do that. It’s nice to meet you Miss Lane. I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances.”
“Thank you, it’s nice to meet you too and you may call me Cassie. I’m anxious to find out what happened. Can you fill me in?”
“Sure, What I found is the remains of a marijuana cigarette but that looked strange because it was not smoked down like they usually are. We did a little more looking and some tests and it looks like it was set intentionally.”
“I was hoping that wouldn’t be the case. Why did you conclude it was intentional?”
“There was an odd odor in the ally and we took samples around the trash bin as well as the used oil container. First I must say you keep it very clean back there so it made my job easier. I don’t believe I’ve ever seen a used oil bin so clean.”
“Um thank you. We just believed that if the oil is cleaned up when spilled then we would be avoiding what we had last night. I guess it didn’t help.” 
“It wasn’t the oil. Well it was but let me explain. There was used oil all over the ground under the bin and even over the back of the building. It’s a good thing your diner is made of brick. Now don’t get upset. We could tell that it was dumped from the bin and thrown on the wall from the clean pavement. The oil was used but hadn’t been there long enough to get any dirt in it. Someone set that fire. Do you have any idea who would want to do that?”
“No, I’m sorry. I can’t imagine anyone in this town would do that to us. Where do we go from here?”
“I just keep asking questions and interviewing everyone. You might try to be more conscious of your surroundings until we get this figured out.”
John spoke up for the first time since introducing them. “Cassie, I know it’s a reach but do you think Carl could be behind this?”
“Oh my, I never even thought of him. I guess but why would he try to burn ‘The Diner’ and not come after Carrie directly?”
“I don’t think he was trying to burn ‘The Diner’ down. That would’ve been too hard with it being brick. It could have just been a warning to Carrie.”
“Warning her how? What does he want to warn her of? This isn’t making sense John. I’m sorry I’m not following.”
“Didn’t Carrie say he has aspirations to become Governor of Tennessee? Maybe he just wants to make sure she keeps her mouth shut about the baby. I don’t know. I’m just throwing it out here as a possible theory.”
“Alright you two, who is this Carl and I gather that Carrie is your sister. So can you fill me in on the story?”
Cassie told him about the sleaze that was Carl Walker. She told him how he tricked her sister into a relationship she wasn’t ready for. “When he found out she was pregnant, he refused to be a dad and even said he thought it was someone else’s baby. She hasn’t seen him since she left Tennessee about a of month ago as far as I know. She should be in town in an hour or two. Last night was hard on her and I told her to rest today. I can call her or go get her if you’d like to talk to her.”
“I will need to talk to her but there is no rush right now. I want you to keep an eye on her though and John can you watch these too ladies closely for a bit? I know its am imposition to be forced to spend time with such a beautiful lady but if you have a problem let me know and I’ll cover you.” He laughed and winked at Cassie.
“I think I can handle it and I don’t think your wife would be happy with you hanging out with these too. They may look sweet and they are but there is more spirit under the surface than you could handle. I’ve had years and tears of handling these little trouble makers.” He laughed when Cassie glared at him and tried to punch his arm. She wasn’t fast enough because he saw that one coming.
“I’ll show you handling Johnny. We may just see how much trouble you can handle. You know how the two of us can get when we’re together and out to get even.”
John burst out laughing “No I know how you two are. I’m sorry; I’ll never say it again. Just please go easy on me.” He said as he held his hands up defensively.
The Fire Marshal chuckled at their playing around. “I wish I could stay and see who wins this one but I have work to do. Cassie it was good to meet you and let me know when your sister can meet with me. Good luck John.” He said with a chuckle and left the office
Cassie stuck her head out the door and told his back, “I’ll win this one too. He’s afraid of me and Carrie.” She could hear him laughing all the way down the hall.
“Did you have to announce that to the whole station? Now they are going to think I’m whipped and will never let me live it down.”
“Sorry about that, but you did start it. Buy the way, we do have you whipped. The only reason you have allowed it though is because you love us.” She grinned.
“Yeah you got me there so as much as it hurts to admit, you win again.”
She hugged him and whispered in his ear “We love you too big brother.” then kissed his cheek. “I’ll let you know as soon as Carrie gets in town. Is it ok to open ‘The Diner’ and go back home now?”
“It’s sound but I have to be honest and say I’d feel better if you would both stay at the farm for a while and Aunt Truvie can stay there too if she wants or with Harvey. I just don’t like the idea of the three of you in that apartment with only one real exit. I know you each have window ladders that we installed several years ago but I’d hate to see Carrie or Aunt Truvie trying to get down on one of those.”
“I agree but I’m not sure if Mike meant for us to stay that long. Maybe we should stay with Tammy and Jackie for now.”
“I promise you if you suggest that to Mike he will be hurt and probably more than a little upset. Let him do this for you Cassie. He is head over heels about you. He will want to be the one to protect you. Now about ‘The Diner’, how long can you get by without the income from it?”
“What! what are you talking about, get by with the income? If we close ‘The Diner’ for very long we could lose all of our customers. Why would you even suggest that we close down?
“I’m not talking permanently. Just to give us some time to try to figure out who did this. Everyone will come back, I promise. Your diner is the best place to eat in town and everyone loves you girls. Besides now is the best time to do that because they will assume that you had damage by the fire that you have to repair before opening. Please Cassie work with me here.”
“I don’t know John. I’ll talk to Carrie and Aunt Truvie and get back with you later today since we’re already closed for today that should be soon enough.”
“That’s fine and Cass I know I’m asking a lot but I think for your family’s protection you should seriously consider it.”
“I will John. I don’t want anything to happen to any of us. I’ll talk to you later today.”

Chapter 21
The Authorities And The Ladies
Cassie called Aunt Truvie and asked her to meet her and Carrie out at Mike’s farm as soon as possible. She said that she would be there as soon as Harvey got off work in about two hours.
Cassie headed out to the farm still thinking about shutting the diner down for a few weeks. That just seemed too long. She was hoping that John wasn’t thinking about that long and hoped that Carrie and Aunt Truvie could help her think of something else.
When she got to the farm Carrie and Mike were just getting in his truck to go to town. They turned to Cassie as she stopped her car behind Mike’s truck. When they saw how upset she was, as she got out of the car, they went to her. 
“Cassie Honey, are you ok?” Mike asked and put his arm around her.
Carrie hugged her and included Mike. He needed to learn that a one arm hug sometimes isn’t enough. Cassie was not a person rattled easily so something big had to have happened. “Let’s go inside and talk. Cassie, please say something. You’re scaring us. Are you ok?”
“Yeah sorry, I was just deep in thought. We need to talk and I hope you don’t mind Mike but I asked Aunt Truvie to meet us here as soon as she can. She said it would be a couple of hours. I have time to change meeting places if you’d rather we not meet here. I didn’t think or mean to over step. You’ve been great about offering Carrie and I a place to stay last night.”
“Cassie, slow down. You can invite the whole town out here if you want. I invited you two to stay here as long as you would like. This is your home for as long as you’d like; both of you.” he said as he looked from one to the other.
“Thank you Mike, you’re a sweetheart.” Carrie said and kissed his cheek.
He blushed as he ushered them in the back door.
“That was a quick trip. Did you change your minds? Cassie sit down here you look like things didn’t go too well in town. Let me get you some sweet tea.” She said as she pulled out a chair at the kitchen table.
“Thank you Maggie, you could say they didn’t go well but that would be an understatement. Carrie, John wants us to close down ‘The Diner for a while. The Fire Marshal said that the fire was arson and John is worried about us staying in the apartment with only the stairs as an escape route. I’m not sure what to do.”
“We have the window ladders if we need them. There is no reason to close ‘The Diner’ because of that.”
“I agree but he made a good point. How hard would it be for you and Aunt Truvie to get down those ladders? I know you can normally climb down them as well as I can but right now that would be harder to do.” 
“Yeah I didn’t think about that. So now what? I still think closing down is a little extreme.”
“I agree but I haven’t come up with a better idea yet. That’s why I invited Aunt Truvie to brainstorm. She always helped me think things through when I was stuck on a project. “
“I know I’m not involved but would you mind if I sat in on the meeting? I’ve been known to come up with pretty good solutions to problems in the past.” Maggie said.
“I would like to help too if you two are ok with that.” Mike said from beside Cassie.
“I would love all the help I can get. Oh sorry Carrie I must really be messed up I meant we would love the help.” 
“It’s ok Sissy. We all knew what you meant, and we understand. It’s been your sole responsibility for too long. Let the rest of us help shoulder some of that responsibility.”
“I agree with Carrie. You need to learn to accept help and let her do some of the hard things. I know you worry about her pregnancy but women have been having babies for a long time and continued working. Look at the pioneer women and the Indian women, those women didn’t stop just because they were pregnant.” Maggie said.
“Ok I get it. I just don’t want anything to happen to her or my niece or nephew. I will back off if you promise to let me know when you need to take it easy.”
“I already promised that but if it makes you feel better then I promise again.” Carrie laughed.
Cassie chuckled with her. “Ok now what do we do with the diner? John and the Fire Marshal wants to talk to you about Carl as soon as you can get to town but I’d feel better if they came out here too for this meeting. What do you think guys?”
“Do they think that Carl did this? Now I understand a little more about why John wants ‘The Diner’ closed. I don’t think it’s about the apartment but he may be worried that Carl may be desperate enough to do something in ‘The Diner’.”
“You could be right Carrie. I think having them out here is a good idea. Would one of you like to tell me about who this Carl is?” Mike asked. Carrie had gone white when Cassie had mentioned the name.
“No we wouldn’t like to tell you but I think we need to.” Carrie said then looked at Cassie.
Cassie nodded and told Carrie’s story and then said “The asshole could be in town waiting to go into ‘The Diner’ to get Carrie or maybe wait until we all go to sleep at night. I don’t know what he might have planned if it is him. I also think this is something we might want to keep from Aunt Truvie. I know she would like to stay with Harvey but won’t get two steps away from you if she thinks you’re in danger.” 
“I definitely agree. She would drive me insane and I don’t need any more stress. As a matter of fact while we wait for Aunt Truvie I’m going to call my doctor and let her know about the stress I’m under right now and see what she suggests as far as how much I should do. That way we can make an educated plan. Excuse me.”
“I don’t like the sound of this guy. Does he really think he can become Governor by starting fires and scaring his pregnant ex-girlfriend?”
“I don’t know but, if he’s doing this, I will guarantee he won’t be Governor and may end up in prison if I can put him there. I don’t put up with anyone messing with my family.”
“Ok Tiger, Simmer down. We’ll protect your sister and her cub.” Mike said with a smile and a kiss to her temple.
“I’m sorry Mike, I just get worked up when someone tries to hurt those I love. Thanks for talking me down.” She smiled back at him.
“You’re welcome Tiger. Do you know how hot you are when you’re in protection mode?” He whispered in her ear then did a sexy little growl thing that made her giggle.
“Ok you two enough of that. Do we know what this guy looks like? Does Carrie have a picture of him we can pass to your friends, family and the authorities?”
“I heard that Maggie. Give me a couple of minutes and I’ll get one. I’m still on hold with the doctor.”
“Ok Cassie, make your calls and I’ll start dinner. Do you have a guess how many there will be?”
“Oh you don’t have to fix dinner for everyone.”
“You might as well tell her she won’t give up. She loves to cook for large groups or at least more than two.”
“Ok then, there will be Cassie and me, Aunt Truvie and her ride Harvey then John and Caleb O’Malley the Fire Marshal, then you and Mike. I think that makes eight I believe if my math is right.”
“It is; now do you think they’d like fried chicken or maybe a stew and salad?”
“I vote for your famous fried chicken, if I get a say that is.” Mike said with a big flashy smile to Maggie. 
“Put that cheesy smile away right now young man.” She told Mike with a laugh. “Cassie what do you think?”
“I think fried chicken sounds great.” She giggled.
“Oh no, tell me that cheesy smile of his hasn’t won you over. I thought I had an ally against his ornery antics.”
Cassie laughed at Maggie’s sad puppy dog face. “I just love fried chicken and that smile was cheesy.” She leaned into Mike and whispered “but your kisses are definitely winning me over to your side.” She winked at him.
He groaned and told her “You’re killing me here. Try to behave for a while until we’re alone then I’ll show you some kissing.”  He winked back.
At Cassie’s giggle, Maggie put her hands on her hips “Am I going to have to separate you two.” Then smiled and went to work with a shake of her head.
“We’re sorry Maggie. Please don’t separate us. We’ll be good.” Cassie said then looked at Mike and bounced her eyebrows at him.
He burst out laughing, which got him swatted with Maggie’s dish towel that always hung over her shoulder. She then walked off to start dinner.
“I think it might be safer to meet in the living room. Would you like to join me after you make your calls?”
“I’ll make my call from there with you. I’m just going to call John and let him call Caleb. Maggie do you need any help. I do know how to cook you know right?” Cassie asked with a grin.
“Go make your call and leave me to my kitchen. I’m used to working alone so enjoy the break from cooking and from talking about your troubles. Just enjoy each other until everyone else gets here.” 
“You heard the boss. Let’s go enjoy each other while she’s busy.” Mike said and picked her up bride style and took off for the living room to Cassie’s giggles.
“You better behave yourself young man or I will not feed you and you will be sleeping in the barn tonight.” Maggie hollered at his retreating back.
“You’re a spoil-sport Magpie.” He hollered back at her as he sat Cassie on the sofa. “Can I get anything for you? I’m here for you?”
“Yes I do remember you saying something about showing me some kissing.”
“I think I remember something about that maybe you can remind me.”
“I can do that.” She said as she grabbed his shirt front and kissed him like he had kissed her last night. “Did I get it right? That was what you were talking about right.”
“I remember now.” He said with a grin. He sat down beside her. “I want you to stay here Tiger. I know you may still need to go to work but when you’re not working I’d like you and Carrie both to stay here. It will be safer for you both. 
“I know and I am thinking it would be better for us too. I just want to forget about all of this for a little while, please.”
“You got it. Come over here and let me try to distract you.”
Cassie scooted over to sit hip to hip with him. He put his arm around her and lifted her onto his lap and took her face in his hands. “You’re beautiful and such a sweet lady. I hate that you’re going through this.” He then leaned down and gave her a very gentle kiss.
“I have to be careful because another kiss like last night and I may very well embarrass both of us. You have no idea how much I want you. I am trying to go slow and show you the respect you deserve.”
“I think I do have an understanding at least to a point. I have never felt this way about anyone and am beginning to understand how Carrie allowed her body’s reactions to override her upbringing. I appreciate your restraint because I am too weak to fight what is happening to my body.”
“I would never intentionally do anything that would put you in that kind of position. I want you to stay with me but if you feel too uncomfortable then I understand you staying somewhere else but, even though I have no right, I’d like to request you stay with another friend. I don’t like to think of you or Carrie in a situation where you could get hurt.”
Cassie put her finger to his lip. “I’m staying here and we will fight these feelings together, ok?” she asked and kissed him quickly.
“I like the way you think, and I will gladly fight by your side anytime.”
“You are such a sweet man and I’m blessed to have you in my life.” She told him as she cuddled with him.
Carrie came in the room. “Sorry guys but John and the Fire Marshal just arrived. They want to meet in the kitchen. Do you know how much longer until Aunt Truvie will get here?”
Cassie kissed Mikes temple then got off his lap. “It shouldn’t be too much longer. She was waiting until Harvey got off work. What time is it now? I’ve lost all track of time.”
Carrie smiled “Yeah I could see that you had other things on your mind. It’s almost five thirty. I think Maggie is planning dinner around six so I hope they get here soon.”
“Let’s go talk to the guys about Carl and answer whatever questions they may have. By the time they’re finished with that maybe we can talk about ‘The Diner’ while we eat.” Cassie told Carrie.
As they walked into the kitchen they heard a knock on the back door. Maggie went to open the door and usher Truvie and Harvey into the kitchen with everyone else. She made introductions all around and offered drinks to everyone.
Carrie told them about Carl and her relationship with him and how it ended. By the time she had finished telling the men her sorry tale dinner was on the dining room table, so they moved into the dining room to eat and finish their discussion. Once everyone was seated and passing the food around the table, they talked about ‘The Diner’ and if they could open back up the next day.
”I don’t have any problem with you opening up ‘The Diner’ again but I don’t think it is safe for either Cassie or Carrie to work there until we at least find out where he is. I also think that it isn’t safe for any of you to stay in the apartment at night either”
“I agree with John girls. Jessica and I can run ‘The Diner’ for the time being. You girls are not safe there. I understand, Cassie, how hard it is for you to leave ‘The Diner’. I was just in a similar position. I found it nearly impossible to stay away, but this is different in that it is a matter of your safety. Be honest, if it we me that was in danger, would you not try to keep me away?” 
“Ok point taken, I’ll step down for now but I’m not sure what I’ll do with myself. Mike is there anything around here that I can help with?” 
“We will work it out. Maybe you can be my assistant. The crops are going nicely but there is still plenty of work to do. I will find plenty of work that you can do.”
“Thank you, now what about you Carrie; are you going to be ok just hanging around with nothing to do?”
“Actually, I was going to talk to you today and try to work something out so I could start singing at ‘The Boot Heel’ starting I think Tammy said next week. So I could be busy and earning money to help us pay bills if we needed it.”
“I think that’s great. I would rather you keep your money to help with doctor bills and the things you will need for the baby.”
“I have a large nest egg that Carl and I were saving for a nice honeymoon. We each were saving as much as possible to go somewhere overseas. So I’m good with bills and Tammy has started planning a town baby shower so I’m waiting until after that to do any shopping for the baby.”
“Are you two still planning on going to my next doctor’s appointment? I’m getting the ultra sound on Wednesday and I’m nervous. The doctor said she wants to do it this week instead of next month. I’m not sure what she is looking for but I’d really like you both to be there.” 
They both got up and enveloped her in a family hug and agreed to be there for her. John reached across the table and took her hand. “Sissy, I’m sure everything will be fine but I will be praying for you and your precious cargo.”
“Thanks Johnny, I appreciate your support. I’m thinking everything is fine. I’m just nervous about why she moved it up. I am excited about seeing my baby though.”
“I hate to break this little party up but I need to get home before the wife thinks I ran off with some cute little thing. Maggie thank you for a delicious dinner and ladies let’s keep in touch. John I’ll be talking to you soon.”
“Thank you Caleb, for coming out with me so these ladies didn’t have to go through all of this twice. I will follow you out. I told someone I’d meet them tonight and I still have paperwork to do. Ladies, as always it’s been a pleasure. Mike, take care of our girls and Magpie, thank you for dinner and for looking after my family. You are an amazing person and I know I don’t say it often enough but I love you old girl.” And with that he gave everyone hugs and followed Caleb out.
Maggie looked at those left gathered around the table. “Ok what have you done with grumpy John and how did we get back the sweet man we just saw leave here?”
Mike chuckled “He and Tammy are back together and trying to work things out. He’s a much happier man now that he has his love back in his arms. I totally understand where he’s coming from.”
Aunt Truvie said she was happy for them and offered to help with dishes as did Cassie and Carrie. Harvey helped carry in the dirty dishes and in no time everything was cleaned up and Harvey and Aunt Truvie was saying good bye. 
“Aunt Truvie if you need anything please call me and just let me know how things are going at ‘The Diner’ once in a while ok?”
“I can do that and I may drop off the schedule to let you work. You know everyone’s availability better than I do.”
“That would be great. Thank you and Harvey thank you for taking in this ornery old lady and running her around. You are the best.”
“It’s no problem at all. I like having her around. I may not let you have her back.” He joked as he squeezed her waist with the arm he had around her. He then escorted her out the door and back to his place.

Chapter 22
Carrie Is Thrown For A Loop-Doug Helps Centers Her
Wednesday arrived with beautiful clear weather. The sun was shining bright and there were a few light fluffy clouds floating here and there. There weren’t enough clouds to block the bright golden sun or to dim the spirits of the Lane family. It made the three women happy to know; this was the day that they were going to get to see the baby. 
After breakfast, Aunt Truvie left ‘The Diner’ in the capable hands of Jessica and Matt. She met Cassie and Carrie at Jackie’s boutique. Doug was going to meet them there. He had a morning meeting in the Big City as everyone called it.
He knew the address and actually beat them there. He helped Carrie and Aunt Truvie out of the car. Then put his arm lightly around them as they walked into the doctor’s office. He turned to Cassie and said, “I’m didn’t mean to leave you out Cassie. I wish I had a third arm right now. I could wrap an arm around all three of you. He chuckled and said, “Of course I’d look rather odd, don’t you think.”
They all laughed with him. Cassie told him not to worry. “Just look after those two. There’s no telling what kind of mischief they might get into otherwise.”
Aunt Truvie rolled her eyes. “If memory serves, you two were always the ones up to no good.”
“Yeah and where do you think we learned it from?” Carrie said.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Cassie said, “Talk about memory serving, I believe you were the one laying in a puddle of blood flirting with the paramedic and refusing to leave that spot until said paramedic agreed to ride in the back of the ambulance with you.”
“That was the smartest thing I’ve done in years; I’ll have you know.” With her arms crossed and a smile on her face.
Cassie looked at her with a frown; then laughed and admitted that she would have to agree that her getting Harvey’s attention was a good thing but she could’ve done that while on the gurney.
Aunt Truvie disagreed. “It wouldn’t have left the same impression though.” And they all agreed and laughed with her.
Just then the nurse called Carrie to the back to be weighed and have blood drawn. She said that she would come back out and get them before the ultrasound.
The women sat and browsed through baby magazines while Doug paced the waiting room.
“Doug light somewhere you’re making me nervous.” Aunt Truvie told him.
He sat down just as the nurse came back in to get them. She took them to the back; to a small room where Carrie laid on an equally small table. There was what looked like computer monitors one facing Carrie and one facing a stool with what looked like a complicated machine that the doctor would use. The doctor came in and greeted everyone; then asked Carrie how she was feeling. 
“I feel huge and still four and a half months to go. Has anyone ever exploded before giving birth because if not I may just be the first.” Carrie laughed. “I feel healthy. I get tired more often; but most of the time, my energy level is good. I think I’m gaining too much weight too.”
The doctor was flipping switches and turning knobs as she listened. “I did notice that your weight shot up this time. It’s nothing to be concerned about at this point. You could be eating more or differently lately. Ok, are you ready to see your baby?”
“I can’t wait. I’d like to find out the sex of the baby; if you can tell.” Carrie told her.
“That shouldn’t be a problem, provided this little one cooperates and is in the right position. Ok this will be cold.” She told Carrie as she squirted some gel on her belly. 
Carrie flinched and laughed. “You weren’t kidding. With all of the water you told me to drink and that cold gel, I almost wet this bed.”
They all laughed with her; then focused on the monitor where the doctor was clicking a mouse and looking at strange images on the screen. “I’m just measuring the heart and kidneys and looking at bone structure…” She stopped talking in the middle of her explanation.
Everyone in the room grew quiet and looked at each other worried and confused.
“I think I just discovered why you are gaining weight so quickly. See this right here?” she pointed to a pulsating object on the screen. “That’s a heartbeat.” Then moved the wand over Carrie’s belly again and said, “See this thing right here? That would also be a heartbeat. Didn’t you say that you and Cassie are twins?” 
Cassie and Carrie looked at each other with a mixture of surprise, fear and wonder then answered yes together.
“Well Carrie, you are having twins. Let me finish measuring everything I need then I will explain what you’re seeing and see if I can tell you if they are boys or girls or maybe one of each.” She smiled at Carrie trying to reassure her but it wasn’t working; not in the least. 
“I’m done with the work; now we can have some fun.” She said. “This is baby A’s head and looks good; there are the arms and hands and this is the back bone, and finally the part you are interested in. I’m going to push a little harder because this one is turned sideways right now.” Carrie made a face of discomfort as she watched the baby kick in a quick jab and shift slightly. 
“There it is. Carrie you have a girl. Congratulations. Now let’s look at baby B.” She went through the same routine until she came to the baby’s bottom. “Come on sweetheart let’s see who’ll you take after Mom or Dad” At that Carrie looked to Cassie. Cassie knew she was saying, ‘Boy or girl I don’t care but please don’t let them take after the father’ Cassie nodded in agreement. They both looked back in time to notice the gender just before the doctor said. “It’s a boy. Carrie you are having one of each. Congratulations.”
In an emotional voice Carrie said thank you. Then she looked at the long line of ultrasound pictures that the doctor had just handed her. She held them in one hand as she gripped Doug’s hand so hard that her fingers were turning white. He never said a word; just held on to her.
The doctor cleaned the gel off of Carrie’s belly helped her adjust her clothes and sit up before speaking again. 
“I know this is a surprise but it shouldn’t be a shock since you are a twin yourself. We will need to make a few changes in appointments. We will also have to talk about the changes in things you should be doing and watching for. For now I will just tell you that you are doing fine and so are the babies. You mentioned being tired sometimes; when those times come on you are to rest. You will need your strength later on, are we ok so far?” She asked Carrie with a smile.
Carrie nodded but still couldn’t talk. How was she going to raise and support two babies alone? She now had TWO lives depending on her instead of just one. She was so scared!
“Ok, I want to see you in three weeks and we will go over more then. I know this is a surprise but don’t let it overwhelm you. You are young and healthy and have no health concerns. You have a great support system so you and the babies will be fine. I’ll see you next month. Congratulations.” The doctor said again before leaving the room.
“Babies; how crazy is that? I couldn’t be happier for you Honey. We will have to start shopping because now we need two of everything.” Aunt Truvie voice was full of excitement.
Cassie understood her twins concerns and just quietly gave her a hug and told her that she wasn’t alone anymore. “We are here for you and will help you raise these wonderful gifts. Just take some time to let it sink in before you panic ok?”
Carrie held on to Cassie and whispered a heartfelt thank you.
Doug asked if she was ready to leave and helped her off the table. They made her next appointment then left. Carrie was still quiet and leaning on Doug as they made their way to the car.
It was a quiet ride home. When they spoke it was done quietly. They all understood the shock that Carrie was dealing with. 
By the time they get to ‘The Diner’ Carrie was doing better and asked if they would allow her a few minutes alone. She went to the apartment and looked around. There is not going to be enough room for two babies in the compact apartment. Where will we live? Can I do this on my own? Would Doug run now that I have two babies on the way, I wouldn’t blame him if he did. But God knows I need him now along with Cassie and Aunt Truvie. Doug has become my rock in all of this. Please let him stay with me, no us. All of this was running through her mind as she looked around.
Someone knocked on the apartment door and Carrie didn’t want to answer it because she thought it was probably Cassie or Aunt Truvie. Then she heard the sweetest voice. “Carrie Honey, can I come in? I need to know that you’re ok.”
She opened the door and stood back so he could enter. “I’m going to be fine” she said; not sure who she was trying to convince; Doug or herself.
“I know you are. What I want to know is, are you fine now. I am here for you and not going anywhere. I felt you should know that I would be thrill to help you raise these babies. I’m kind of excited to get to meet them, hold them and love them. They will be beautiful and very special to me just like their Mommy is.” Doug said and held his arms out in invitation.
Carrie looked at him. His eyes shown with excitement and love for her babies. She rushed into his arms and held on tight. “I’m scared Doug. How am I going to do this? I don’t have a job and how can I possibly work and raise twins. This place isn’t big enough to bring two babies and all of their things in here. I think I’m just a little overwhelmed right now. Thank you for being here. I needed that hug more than anything else in the world right now.”
Doug continued to hold her and asked when the last time was that she ate anything. When she told him at lunch; he said that she needed to eat and maybe get some iced tea and relax for a while.
“I know you probably have to go back to work; thank you for going with me and sticking around to make sure I was ok. I’ll be fine. I’m going to go down and get me a snack. If Aunt Truvie hasn’t announced it to the town yet I think I would like to keep this just between the four of us. I may tell Tammy, John and Jackie but haven’t decided yet. What do you think?” she asked.
“Carrie, honestly I think you need your closest friends around and in the know right now but I will back any decision you make. Just remember that your friends love you and want to be here for you just like Cassie, Aunt Truvie and I do; so don’t shut them out too long ok.”
“Ok. Thank you for being here for me and helping me think things through. I don’t know what I’d do without you…right now.” She said and started crying. 
He held her as tight as he could without hurting her and told her, “Baby, I will always be here for you. I don’t want to be anywhere else. Let’s go feed those babies. We will figure everything out so you can rest tonight. Try not to worry. We are all here to help you” 
“I feel better just having you here. Thank you, Sweet Man.” she said; then went up on her tip toes and kissed him. 
It was a sweet, quick kiss but still made his head spin. He had dreamed of the day he could kiss her and here she was kissing him. He held her and run his hand up and down her back while she rested her head on his chest. He could stay right here forever but knew she needed to eat and figure things out about the babies right now so he released her.
Taking her hand he led her down the stairs to the patio. He sat her down near the stairs and told her he’d be right back with her snack. He went inside to find Cassie and get something for Carrie to eat.
Cassie was seated at the breakfast bar when he walked in. He went up to her and leaned over to whisper in her ear. “Cass, Carrie is on the patio. I think she needs you but she also needs a snack. Could you bring her something out and talk to her. She has some legitimate concerns that I think you might be more able to help her with than I can.”
“I’ll be right there. Thank you, Doug. You’ve been great for her. I hope you can hang around. I know this isn’t something you planned but I hope you stick around anyway.”
“Cassie, I probably shouldn’t tell you but I have loved her since we were in high school but she wouldn’t see me as anything but your friend. I hope to get another chance and I would love to help her raise her babies someday. Please don’t say anything. I don’t want to scare her off again.”
“Oh Doug, I’m sorry that I got in the way. I would love to see you two together but I agree that she has been through so much with that jerk that it’s smart to go slowly. You go to her and I’ll bring snacks and drinks for all of us.”
“Thanks Cassie; and you didn’t get in the way. I was too shy to say anything to her but I know what I want now and am going to try to show her just how much I care.” With that he walked away to go back to the patio and the woman he loved.
He approached Carrie from behind and admired her long black hair. She sat as straight as her ever-expanding belly would allow. There was a regal quality to her in the way she sat and moved. He loved everything about her. He just hoped she would someday return that love. 
He stepped around her and sat beside her. He took her hand and smiled at her. She smiled back and leaned her head on his shoulder. He could sit like this forever. He wanted to always be near her.
“How are you doing, Baby? Cassie is bringing you’re a snack and tea. Can I get you anything else?” he asked.
“No thank you. Just stay with me for a bit. I know you need to get back to work but if you could just stay a little longer I think I could make it the rest of the night without falling apart.” She told him with a small smile.
“I told you I’m not going anywhere and I meant tonight. I also meant that I am here for as long as you’ll let me be.” He said and gently kissed her temple.
“A girl could get used to this.” She joked and giggled.
He loved to hear her laugh but he hadn’t heard that cute giggle in a long time and he loved her even more for just hearing it. “A boy could only hope.” He countered and chuckled when she giggled again.
“Here’s your snack Sis.” Cassie said as she placed fresh grapes, Cheese cubes and some kind of meat, cheese and tortilla roll and salsa along with a tall glass of iced tea. “Do you mind if I sit with you. I know you’ve had a great surprise today but I just want to make sure that you are ok and know that I’m here for you. I would love to help you raise these babies if you will let me. Would you like to talk about it?” 
“I think I need to but I’m not sure where to start.” After a short pause to gather her thoughts she continued. “First I’m happy but so surprised I can’t think straight. I was looking around up-stairs and noticing how compact the apartment is. I think before the babies are born I need to think about getting a place of my own. I don’t want to go far because I will need all of my family and friends to raise these two. That’s about as far as I’ve gotten so far. What do you think?” Carrie asked not wanting to hurt her sister.
“I think we will help you with anything that you want. I also think that we can make the apartment work; at least until the babies get big enough to play and crawl. But if you want your own place, we will help you. I hope you know you don’t have to work but if you want to, we could still use you at the diner. You are half owner after all. You will get a small amount from the business every three months just like I do. It isn’t much right now but the business is growing fast.”
“I don’t want to take your income from you. Cass you’ve worked so hard to make ‘The Diner’ what it is today and I don’t deserve to profit from your hard work. I will find a job somewhere.”
“Carrie, Mom and Dad left ‘The Diner’ to both of us. I’ve been putting your share of profits in a savings account and you have a nice nest egg. You should have the money to get anything the babies need and get set up in your own place if that’s what you want. I still hope you will reconsider staying with us for a while after the twins are born. You will need the help; especially at first.”
“Carrie, I think Cassie has a valid point about needing help at first. If you are set on moving out on your own then I’d like to hire a night nurse for you if you’ll let me.” Doug told her.
“Now we also talked about who is to be told this fantastic news. Have you thought any more on that? The news is going to be hard to contain but like I said upstairs; I think your closest friends like Tammy and Jackie and maybe even John and Mike would be a great support system along with your family. What do you think?”
“I know you’re right but they would have to promise to keep it quiet until I’m ready to tell everyone else. I think it would be fun to keep it a secret from the town if possible and surprise them. Sissy, do you think that’s even possible?”
“Wow, okay. I have to be honest; it would be hard but if we tell our friends and make them swear to keep it quiet we might be able to pull it off. That would be the greatest surprise this town has ever known.” Cassie said excited at the prospect. “I like it Sis. That would be so fun; like when we kept our on little secrets when we were kids.” They laughed; remembering some of the silly secrets, that no one else would have cared to know, but made them feel special because only the two of them knew.
“Thanks Sissy, It feels good to laugh again. Those were fun times. I want to try to pull this off. All we need to do is find a place to tell Tammy, Jackie, John and Mike. When the girls hear the news; I expect them to get excited and loud. I would rather not tell them in public. We could ask them to the farm for dinner some night if you want. Have you two got any suggestions?”
Doug said that he could host it at his place, a little ways out of town, if they wanted.
Cassie suggested maybe they could all meet at Jackie’s boutique for the announcement then go to ‘The Boot Heel’ after to celebrate. 
Carrie liked both ideas better than hers but wasn’t sure about the club because of the girls. They tended to get loud when excited and she didn’t want to draw the attention of the others in the club. “Let me think for a few minutes and I’ll make a decision. My head has cleared a little just talking about all of it. Thank you both for helping me work through it.”
Doug and Cassie sat quietly letting her think it through. “I’ll go get us some dessert while you’re trying to decide.” Cassie told her sister and hugged her again before leaving the table.
“Doug, what do you think about going to Jackie’s to tell them, then to your place for the celebration? It would be less likely that anyone would come by at your place to see what all the excitement was about. I just want to get this part over as soon as possible and Jackie’s boutique is only a couple minutes away. But I like the idea of the intimacy of gathering at your place.”
“I like it; especially the part about my place feeling intimate to you.” He said with a wink that made her giggle again. “Seriously though; I want you to have anything you want, so if that’s what you want then you’ve got it.”
Carrie couldn’t believe this man was for real. “Thank you Sweet Man, I am so lucky!” she told him and kissed him again. He couldn’t hold back this time when her lips touched his. He put his hand on the back of her head to keep her lips on his and took control of the kiss. He kissed her soft lips from corner to corner then sucked on her bottom lips before releasing her. He then rested his forehead on hers as he tried to catch his breath. “I’ve wanted to do that for so long, I couldn’t resist.” He said with a crooked smile. 
“I didn’t mind at all. If I’m good tonight do you think I might get another?” she asked with a twinkle in her eyes.
“Any time Baby. Whatever you want; just let me know. I’m all yours.” He winked at her blush; as Cassie came back with three large slices of chocolate cake with ice cream on the side.
Cassie looked at the two at the table and smiled; suspecting what had happened in her absence. “Sis, are you ok? You looked a little flushed.” then smiled at the two. “Ok did you make a decision yet? How are we doing this?”
Carrie looked at Doug with a secret smile; then turned to her sister. “This is how I would like to do it if we can.” She then proceeded to lay out their plan and Cassie agreed that Doug’s place would be best for the celebration. 
She immediately pulled out her phone and started making calls to the girls while Doug called John and Mike. They were all informed that Carrie had found out the sex of the baby and would like to meet at Jackie’s to let them know. If they wanted to know they should meet them at Jackie’s boutique in five minutes.
All four of the friends were at the club and arrived together at the boutique. Jackie let them in and suggested they go to her tiny apartment upstairs. As all of the friends followed Jackie up the stairs, Tammy was trying to get Carrie to spill the news.
Carrie laughed. “Jeez Tammy, can’t you wait two minutes until we get to Jackie’s apartment so I can sit down. You are so pushy. But I love you anyway. We’re almost there. Try to be patient.”
“Fine, I know you are just trying to torture me but because of your delicate condition, I will let you get away with it this time.”
Cassie laughed. “Just because you can’t force the information out of her mouth, don’t think we don’t know how you really are.”
Tammy stuck her tongue out at Cassie and went to the chair across from Carrie. Sitting on the edge of her seat and leaning her elbows on her knees, she told Carrie. “Alright girlfriend you are sitting down; now spill. What will it be, a lovely little girl or an ornery little boy?” 
Carrie looked at Doug and Cassie seated on either side of her on the sofa. They both nodded to her to just say it and took a hand in each of theirs.
Carrie took a deep breath and simply said, “Both.”
All four of their friends sat in stunned silence until it dawned on them what she had just said. They then all started talking at once and Carrie looked to Cassie to help her.
Cassie held her hands up for quiet but even that didn’t stop the two runaway trains that were Tammy and Jackie. “Ladies please, there is more to tell. So please sit and let the little Mommy finish.”
The girls sat and Jackie looked at Cassie, “There are always rules when you are involved in anything. So what have you convinced your sweet little sister of this time.”
Carrie laughed and looked at Cassie with a look that said “I’m sorry they’re blaming you but it‘s funny too.  Then she turned back to her friends with the smile still on her face. “I know that’s usually the case when my big sister is involved” she said turning to Cassie and winking, “but this time it’s all my idea although she is totally on board with it. I wanted to let my family and closest friends know but that is all. I would like to try to keep this quiet until after they are born. I think it would be fun to bring them into ‘The Diner’ or to an introduction party and surprise everyone. What do you think? Can we do this?” she asked looking from one to the other.
John had sat quietly stunned until then. He started laughing so hard everyone joined in. Once he regained control he said, “Only you two would come up with something like this. It’s not impossible but with these two involved” waving toward Tammy and Jackie, “its close enough. Good luck Carrie.” 
“Hey we can keep a secret too.” Jackie said as Tammy nodded in agreement.
John chuckled “If you say so.”
“Fine!,” Tammy said “If one of us slips up we will offer one evening of babysitting for free and to pay for a spa day to any spa the little mommy wants, Deal?” looking at John.
John laughed and agreed “Sure, why not what have I got to lose? You’re on.”
Carrie looked at the friends and said this is one bet she wasn’t sure she wanted someone to lose or all of them to win and chuckled. They all agreed to go to Doug’s to celebrate the news and discuss things she would need for twins.
“Let’s all head over to my house for a celebratory dinner.” Doug said.  

Chapter 23
The Lane Twins Do Sexy
Cassie was covering Jackie’s lunch hour. Mike came into the shop to see how she was doing. “What can I get for you today, Mike? Are you thinking about a new look?”
“How about a gift for my lady and a date tonight?” he said with a smile.
“I think I can manage both. It’s good to see you; I’ve missed you today. How are things going on the farm?”
“They’re good, John has been helping as much as possible and I have almost all of the crops in now. But I don’t want to talk about work. How are you and how is the pregnancy going for Carrie?”
“I’m good; even better now and Carrie is doing alright. She loves singing at the club. She gets tired more now than she did earlier but she’s good. When should I be ready tonight? ”
Mike was a little confused by the quick change in subject but answered that he had hoped that eight wouldn’t be too late for her. I can pick you up here and because it is Saturday, I plan to take tomorrow off. We will have until the club closes to be together.”
“That sounds great. Maybe we can do something special tomorrow. I would love to see the fields now that they have new plants growing and maybe we can have a picnic at the creek. What do you think?”  
“That sounds like a great day. I figured you’d be busy this afternoon but wanted to stop in and ask you out before heading back to the farm.”
“I’m glad you did. I missed you too. You are always out in the field before I even get up. I may be living with you but I never seem to see you unless we are at the club. I love our time dancing and joking with our friends, but I want some alone time with you.”
She was busy all afternoon but couldn’t stop thinking about Mike’s visit today and the coming evening. She was hoping to get a little alone time with him but figured it probably wouldn’t happen. It was probably for the best. They were still fighting their physical feelings but she wanted tomorrow to be special.
Jackie came back from her lunch date with Tammy. Then she was free to go.
As she went up to the apartment to get dressed for her date, Aunt Truvie came in and asked her if she had seen Carrie today. Cassie said “No” she hadn’t but would check her room.
“I haven’t seen her since the doctor’s visit yesterday. You both disappeared on me yesterday. Do you know how she’s doing? I’m worried about her. She was so quiet yesterday.”
Cassie agreed that she had been but then filled her in on all that had happened after Aunt Truvie went to lay down for her regular afternoon nap.
“I hope you can convince her to stay for at least a little while. I want to be there for her and those babies. After all, I won’t be getting any more any time soon; will I?” she asked with a raise of her eyebrows.
“No Aunt Truvie, not for a long time; I’m sure. So I’d suggest you enjoy these two while you can. I have a date tonight; so I’m heading out as soon as I get cleaned up and I just want to check in at ‘The Diner’ and grab dinner. I’m not going inside but want to talk to Jessica and make sure she is doing ok and has no questions. I’ll let you know if I locate Carrie. She’s probably hanging with the girls talking all things babies.” She gave her aunt a kiss on the cheek and went to shower and get dressed.
“A date huh, I like your young man Cassie. Maybe it won’t be as long as you think.” Aunt Truvie said as she watched Cassie go.
Cassie rolled her eyes and hollered back just before opening the door to her room “Don’t count on it.” and laughed.
She went to take a shower and then to her closet. She stood in nothing but a fluffy towel; looking through her clothes. She chose a little black dress that she let Tammy and Jackie talk her into only because she loved it so much. It had a sweetheart neck line with shoulder straps that hung onto the edges of her shoulders. It had a form-fitted bodice, that wasn’t too tight and had a slight flair on the skirt. Jackie had done a fantastic job at alterations. The hem line was shorter than she would normally wear; at mid-thigh. She matched this with a pair of red high-heeled sandals. 
She put on a little make-up just like the day she first met Mike; except this time she applied a little smoky eye effect. She straightened her hair so that it fell just below her waist. She wore her mother’s simple ruby neckless that rested between her collar bones. It had been the neckless that her dad had given her mom that last weekend as an anniversary gift. She looked at her reflection in the full-length mirror and was very pleased with what she saw. She hoped that Mike liked it too.
When she came out of her room she saw Doug and Carrie sitting in the living room talking quietly. She didn’t want to interrupt them so headed to the kitchen for a drink.
Carrie saw her sister leave the living room for them and hollered in at her. “Cassie, don’t hide in there. Come in here and let us see how that dress looks. Jackie was telling me about it and I can’t wait to see it.”
Cassie started talking as she started from the kitchen; “I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to interrupt your visit. Are you two coming to ‘The Boot Heel’ tonight?”
“Holy Shit Cass, you look amazing, HOT even. I love the dress but your eyes wow! You have got to show me how to do that.” Carrie giggled. “After the babies of course; it’s hard to look sexy when you’re carrying around forty or fifty extra pounds.”
“Don’t you even go there Baby. You look great just as you are and will continue to look amazing no matter how much weight you gain.” Doug defended.
“Besides, I would love to have that natural glow that you have right now. You don’t even need make-up but thank you for the compliment.” Cassie added.
“Carrie’s right, you look very nice tonight. Mike is a lucky man. I’m not sure if we’re going tonight or not. It’s been a long day for Carrie and so it’s up to her.”
“I’m the one that naps off and on all day; you two work all day, so if you can go out then I can too. I may not be able to dance as long, I sure I can’t dance as fast as “Boogie Boy” here, and I may not be able to even stay as long as you but I’d like to go hang out with everyone.”
“Let me help you change and get ready then before Mike gets here.” Cassie volunteered. “We’ll be right back Doug.”
“What are you planning Cass? I’m not sure I trust you. I’m almost five months pregnant with twins and have nothing to wear that fits me so there isn’t much to do to get ready.”
“We’ll see about that. I’m sure I’ll think of something.” She laughed.
“That’s what I’m afraid of. Just make me presentable please.”
“Oh you’ll be presentable; have no fear.”
Carrie was led into her bedroom and straight to the closet. She was right. There wasn’t much to choose from but there was a cute blouse that Carrie had bought in Nashville with her pregnancy in mind. It was a long t-shirt dress in a pretty shade or coral which she matched with a pair of black leggings and no heals this time but gold flats for comfort and safety. Then she curled the ends of Carrie’s hair that fell just below her shoulder blades. Adding light make-up with coral blush and lip gloss and light smoky eyes and Carrie was good to go.
“What do you think Sis? Do you like?”
“You are a miracle worker. I look younger and sexier, which given my condition is pretty amazing in itself. Thank you. I feel so much better. Let’s go surprise our men.” She said as she linked arms with Cassie.
When they came out to the living room both men stood and whistled; then laughed that they both had the same thought.
“We are the luckiest SOBs on Earth tonight. You both look amazing, not that you don’t normally, but Wow!” Doug said.
“I second that thought. I’m glad I was able to get away early. We are going to have to stay close to our ladies tonight, man. Not that I’m complaining about that. Doug, what do you say we take these beautiful ladies out on the town tonight?”
“I say let’s go show them off now before I change my mind and decide to keep mine here. I don’t like to share what’s mine.”
The girls were giggling at the two goofy men but Doug’s last comment sobered Carrie. He had been saying things like that for the last week and made her wonder if he meant it in a more-than-friends kind of way; but didn’t have the courage to ask him. Under different circumstances she probably would have but with her expecting, she thought maybe he was just trying to make her feel pretty. He certainly did that.
Doug stepped up to them and held his arm out to Carrie. “May I have the honor of escorting the lovely lady out on the town tonight?” then made a slight bow.
Carrie bowed her head, frankly that was all she felt she could accomplish without falling on her face. “I would like that very much, kind sir.”
Mike extended his arm and said, “Your chariot awaits my dear, if I may.”
Cassie laughed, “Why thank you. You do know that you two are crazy, right, crazy but adorable.”
He leaned into her to whisper in her ear, “Crazy for you, Cassie, Crazy for you.” 
They rode in Doug’s car so Carrie could sit in the front and so he would have his car to take her home later. As they pulled up to park in front of ‘The Boot Heel’, they noticed Charles arguing with another guy about something but just kept walking.

Chapter 24
Attack At The Boot Heel
Once inside they forgot about it as they were surrounded by their friends. Everyone wanted to tell the girls how beautiful they looked. They both said thank you to everyone and Carrie leaned over to Jackie to ask if she knows where to get maternity clothes.
“We can either go in the big city and I can help you or if you have a few weeks, we can go through the web site that I order from. I can get you a discount that way but it takes a while to get them shipped. Of course we could do a little of both if you’d rather do that.” 
“That sounds perfect. The discount would be great but I do need at least a few outfits that fit me now. So if you wouldn’t mind being my personal shopper I would love your help.”
“No problem. I live to shop.” Jackie said with a laugh.
A round of drinks was ordered and Joe brought it to their table. He greeted everyone and asked to speak to Jackie for just a few minutes.
“What’s up Joey? Did ya miss me?” she joked with him.
“Actually I did but that wasn’t what I wanted to talk to you about. Remember a while back when you danced and had drinks with that guy named Charles? Well, he’s here tonight and I hear he’s been asking for you. I don’t like him much and he is really acting strange tonight. Please be careful and if he gives you any trouble let me know ok?”
“Ok Joe, but I’m with a table full of men and Tammy is the owner of the bar and will have him thrown out. I will keep an eye out for him if it will make you feel better. Ok?” she put her hand on his arm to help reassure him.
“Thanks Jackie, I do feel better and I will keep an eye on the table as much as I can. Now go have fun.” He sent her back to her friends with a kiss on the cheek.
As she was winding her way through the crowd she decided she wanted to sing a song for Joe, so bypassed the table and went to the stage instead. She asked the band if she could sing with them again and they readily agreed. She told them what she wanted to sing and the band leader laughed and asked if the guy was dense. He claimed he would’ve figured out her feelings from the last song selection. She laughed with him and said she just wanted to remind him. So they played while she sang Allison Krause’s song ‘When You say Nothing At All’ .She kept glancing at Joe the whole time she sang, loving the look in his eyes.
She thanked the band and audience but they went wild and kept chanting more. The leader asked, “How about the one you sang last time?” then whispered “in keeping with your theme.” The people that were there for her song a few weeks back, which seemed like most of the ones there this night, started cheering again. 
She nodded to the band leader. “Thank you all, I will sing this one again because you all seemed to like it but then I need to get back to my friends. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoy singing it. This is for you baby.” Then she sang Kellie Pickler’s, ‘Somebody To Love Me’ to Joe once again.
Joe would never get tired of hearing her sing. It always felt like she was singing just for him. As she finished the song to a standing ovation and whistles she thanked them again and started down the stairs. Joe decided to meet her just like last time; with a hug and this time he was adding a kiss that will tell her just how he feels about her.
Joe left the bar just as she left the stage. He was tall but lost sight of her in the crowd gathered around her. He heard a scream and saw the band members leap off the stage and figured things were probably getting out of hand, so he started pushing his way through the crowd. 
As he got closer to the action he saw Jackie sitting on the stairs with about five women surrounding her, and several men struggling with another man that was on the bottom of a pile. 
When he finally reached the pileup, he started pulling men off one by one and found Charles on the bottom beat up pretty bad. He stood him up and told the band to go back to work; he would talk to them later. Mike had come over to help him. 
“Mike would you check on Jackie and take her back to the table. I’m not sure what happened but I’m going to find out. If he hurt her he better be a praying man because God is the only one that will save him.”
“Mike approached the ladies slowly, “Jackie are you alright? Joe asked me to take you back to the tables where the girls are. Ladies will you excuse us please.”
The woman in front of Jackie asked, “Who are you and why should we let you get close to her?”
“I’m a friend and we are here with a bunch of her friends; which happens to include Tammy, the owner of the club. May I please check on her?”
The same lady turned to Jackie, “Do you know this man Honey? Is he a friend of yours?”
At that Jackie looked up at Mike and nodded; and Mike said, “Oh Hell! Can someone go get Tammy and bring her here as quickly as possible?”
The lady moved out of the way and Mike knelt down in front of Jackie and reached for her hand. “Jackie, are you ok? Honey I sent for Tammy; she’ll help you. Can I help you up and take you to her?” She just nodded again and let him help her to her feet.
Tammy came rushing over and gasped when she saw Jackie’s face. “Oh Honey, I’m so sorry.” and enfolded her in a gentle hug.
Mike leaned and whispered in Tammy’s ear. “I suggest you take her to the ladies room and try to repair whatever you can. Joe said if that guy hurt her then he had better be a praying man. I’d say you don’t want him seeing her like this.”
“Your right, can you send in the other ladies and try to keep Joe out as long as possible? Thanks Mike. Let’s go Honey. We’ll have you as good as new in no time.” She said as she led Jackie to the ladies room.
Mike made it back to their table before Joe and sent the ladies to the rescue. He told the guys that it looked like the guy probably hit her across the face and maybe in the mouth. Her lip was bleeding and she had a large hand print on her cheek. He then told them about Joe’s threat. They all agreed that they needed to keep Joe occupied to give the ladies time to do as much repair as possible before Joe saw her.
“Has John been called yet?” He asked. “He isn’t going to like this at all. It will probably cause more trouble for him and Tammy again. Man they just can’t catch a break.”
Doug told him that John was on another call but said to hold the guy and he would be here within ten minutes. I think I’ll call him back and explain everything going on here as we see it and tell him that ten minutes might be too late. I’ll be right back.” Then he went outside.
Tammy helped Jackie to the ladies room. Just before she made it there a woman stepped up to her and handed her a large make-up case. “I think you may need this. I hope she’s ok. She is a sweet girl and we are all hoping she gets the man she keeps singing too. Just leave the bag at the bar and tell that handsome bartender that you found it in there and I will claim it later. Take care of her for all of us and let her know that Janet is praying for her.”
“Thank you Janet, I’ll do that and your drinks are on me tonight. Tell Joe, the bartender if he has any questions to find me. Thanks again.” She took Jackie into the ladies room and wet a few paper towels and held them to her cheek.
“Jackie can you hold these for me while I clean up your lip?”
“Yeah, I’m fine Tammy. I’m just stunned that this happened. One minute I’m singing and the next Charles is telling me he knew that I loved him and would give me the love I asked him for. What the hell was he talking about? Then when I told him I didn’t know what he was talking about he told me to stop acting coy. I laughed and asked him “Who uses a word like coy anymore?” He grabbed me arm and slapped me when I cried out for help he slapped my mouth and told me to stop screaming. The next thing I know I have Craig pulling him away from me and a woman pulling me away from a big fight. It was just so unreal. Tammy, did I hear Joe in the middle of it? I thought I heard Joe say my name. I don’t know. I’m just confused.” Tammy let her talk it out in her own way.
Just then the other ladies came in and helped Tammy clean her up as best they could they put concealer on her cheek to cover the bright red hand print and put some Vaseline, that they found in the bag that Janet gave to Tammy, on her lips. They looked her over and decided that they had done all they could to cover the damage from Joe and took her back to their table.
It wasn’t long before John showed up and told Jackie, Mike and Tammy he would need to talk to them before they went home tonight and asked if the others had anything to add that could be helpful. Unfortunately they didn’t see anything, and he said he may be talking to them at a later date. Before he left, Tammy told him to see if Joe could help him find a woman named Janet because she may have seen and heard everything. He thanked her and said they would talk after her got Charles to the jail and taken care of.
Cassie was on one side of Jackie and Carrie was on the other; talking to Jackie about their shopping trip. They asked where Jackie was going to take them. They were just trying to distract her from John and Joe helping Charles out of the club. Charles looked pretty beat up; with both eyes swelling shut and a busted lip and cuts over his eyes. He was hunched over like his chest of stomach was hurting. That group of guys either did a real number on him before Joe got to them or Joe took a turn at him, either way neither woman felt bad for him.
Jackie turned to each of her friends and told them that she was ok and she knew what they were doing and appreciated it but that it wasn’t necessary. “Carrie don’t you want to go home. I know you must be tired. I’ll be fine. I was just shocked and everything happened so fast but I’m fine now, really. I’m worried about you and the babies. Please take care of yourself and those little ones. I will come see you tomorrow and set up our trip ok.”
“I’m not going anywhere until Joe gets back. He was so angry at Charles and worried about you. I just want to know that you are both going to be ok. I promise if I get tired before he gets back then I’ll go home and make Cass promise to wake me and let me know what happened ok?”
“I guess I’d do the same so I’ll accept that. Thank you all for being here for me. I’m worried for Joe they have been gone quite a while. You don’t think John had to arrest him too for hurting Charles after taking him in the back room to hold him for John, do you?”
“No he can just claim that he was either protecting you or that Charles attacked him and he had to protect himself.” Doug told her. “As prosecuting attorney I have a say in who gets prosecuted and I think Joe was just protecting you.”
“Thank you Doug, you’re the best. I don’t want you compromising you position but any help you can give is appreciated.”
Joe came in the door and headed straight for Jackie. Jackie saw him before he got to her and jumped up and ran into his arms. “Are you alright?” they asked at the same time; then laughed together. Joe led her back to the table where their friends waited.
“Sorry it took so long but John had some questions for me while we waited for transport for Charles. It looks like he may have cracked ribs and needed to go to the hospital to get a full check-up. The asshole was hurt pretty badly. Those guys you’ve got in the band were fast to defend Jackie, Tammy. It took all I had to drag them off of him. I’m just glad they were that close. They are good guys and seem to think highly of our little Song Bird.”
Jackie smiled at his nickname for her. “Yeah they keep trying to get me to sing with them on a regular basis but I love hanging with all of you and listening to them sing. I love to sing but only when the mood hits me. Carrie is the one that should be up there regularly. Carrie if you are ever looking for a job, you might keep them in mind. They don’t travel much and you could just sign up to sign with them only when they are here; which is most of the time.”
“Thanks and if I ever need a manager I’ll be calling you.” Carrie laughed. “Did you miss the fact that I am very pregnant? I couldn’t get up there looking like this.”
“Did your babies steal your voice? I have heard of women being able to sing while pregnant and you look amazing so stop using that as an excuse. If you don’t want to do it that’s fine it was just a suggestion anyway.”  
A young man came up to Joe and said he had a phone call; so he excused himself.
It wasn’t long before he came back and said, “That was John on the phone. He said that you could all go home and he will talk to each of you tomorrow. You can come by the station at your convenience or he will come to you but it needs to be tomorrow.”
“Why did he ask for you and not me? It is my bar.” Tammy asked.
“Let’s just say it would be best if you go to the station in the early afternoon to talk to him. That should give him time to calm down and he won’t have to come find you. He’s worried about you Tammy just like always, so don’t get angry with him. Try to understand and cut him some slack please.”
“Ok I’ll try but he has to be a little understanding too. This is my livelihood I can’t just walk away from it because it makes him uncomfortable. I know he worries and I do understand but I could get hurt walking across the street just as easily.”
“Whatever, all I’m asking is for you to cut him some slack. He loves you Tammy. Why do you think I work here? It’s the only way I can make sure you’re safe.”
“I thought you like tending bar, Joe. Is there something else you’d rather be doing?”  
“I do like it, but I don’t know, I have no training in anything but military training and that isn’t in high demand around here.” 
Cassie looked at the two and asked, “Joe maybe you could do something to help the women in the community. Have you ever thought about giving self-defense classes? I know that I would take them if you did especially with after what happened here tonight and then there is another issue that would make me feel better if I knew how to protect myself and my family.”
“Cassie’s right. I’m pregnant but surely there are some things you could still teach me. I would take classes too if you ever offer them.”
Jackie said she would too. She never wanted to feel so helpless again.
Tammy looked at all of them then at Joe. “Joe, is that something you’d be interested in? If so you could use the dance floor during the day for classes. If it’s something you’d like to do, I think there is a need for it.”
“I agree there is a need but I’m not sure if it’s something I feel qualified to teach. I wouldn’t mind giving it a try with all of you and see how we do. If things work out then yeah I believe I would like that. Thanks Cassie for the idea and to all of you other ladies for believing in me. Now Jackie, are you ready to go home. I’ll walk you home when you are ready.”
“I don’t know, Joe. I don’t think I’m ready yet. I believe I’ll wait on the others. Then I’d love then escort home.” She told him with a hesitant smile.
“Ok, I’m going to shut down the bar, just come find me when you’re ready to leave.” He touched her shoulder and turned to get back to work.
Carrie turned to Doug, “Would you escort me home Sweet Man? I think I’ve had enough excitement for tonight. 
“Of course, we will see you all soon. Be careful and Jackie let us know if we can help you in any way and thank you for helping this little momma with her wardrobe troubles. Mike it was good to see you again. Don’t be a stranger. If I can help on that farm let me know. I don’t know much about farming but I worked some construction during college so I can swing a hammer if you need that kind of help. Please let me know.”
Cassie looked at Mike and saw the disbelieving look on his face before he thanked Doug and told him when he was ready to start work on the buildings he would be calling him because he knew nothing about construction. He then turned to Cassie and gave a slight nod to let her know that he was acknowledging that she was right; then got up to take her home.

Chapter 25
Striving To Feel Safe Again
After everyone left but Jackie, Tammy and Joe, Jackie turned to Tammy and told her to go on up to bed. She said that she was going to wait for Joe to walk her home.
Tammy kissed her cheek and gave her a hug. “Are you sure you’re ok. I’m so sorry this happened to you. I have to get more bouncers in here especially on the nights we have the band playing. They draw bigger rowdier crowds. I should’ve already done that but didn’t think it was necessary. I’ll never put anyone else in the same position that you were in tonight. Will you forgive me?”
“You did nothing wrong. This is the first time anything like this has happened since you took over the club. Stop being so hard on yourself, I’m not hurt other than a busted lip that will heal in a few days. Get some sleep.” 
Jackie watched Tammy hug Joe and talk to him for a while then go upstairs. She went to the bar and sat down to watch Joe work. He came up to her and took her hands in his. “Hey Songbird, are you ok? Would you like a drink to settle your nerves?”
“Thanks Joey that would be great. I am a little nervous about going home alone tonight. Maybe that will help; or maybe you can get me drunk so I’ll fall into bed and not think about a thing.”
“Oh Honey, I hate that you are afraid to go to your own home. I would do anything to take the fear away. I’m serious about teaching you self-defense. I would rather be there to take care of you but at least I would know you knew how to take care of anyone trying to hurt you. Let me get you that drink.”
“Joe could I get a tequila shot?  I may need two.” then chuckled nervously. “I just keep telling myself that I’m fine but I know it will take me a while to feel safe again.”
Joe sat her drink in front of her and went around the bar as she drank it and grabbed the lime slice he had sat down with the drink. He came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist and leaned his head on her shoulder and kissed her neck. 
“God it breaks my heart to know that I didn’t protect you. Is there anything I can do to help you? I’ll do anything you need.”
She turned into his embrace. ”Just hold me Joe. I feel so safe in your arms. I wish I could stay here all night.”
“There is nothing I would like better than to hold you all night, Songbird. While I’m thinking about it, I want to tell you that I loved your songs tonight. It felt like you were singing to me. Was that just my imagination, Honey?”
“You weren’t imagining it Joe. I’ve been singing for you for years and lately to only you. I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable but I have to let you know that I care for you more than I’ve ever cared for anyone.”
He pulled his head back and asked, “Why would that make me uncomfortable? I’m honored and so pleased because I feel the same for you; I have for a long time. I just didn’t know how to approach you. You always seemed so fragile. I didn’t want to scare you away or make you uncomfortable. Would you stay with me tonight and let me just hold you. I just want to know that you’re ok.”
“I would love that. I can’t think of a better way to end a lousy night.” She smiled at him and looked into his beautiful green eyes then lifted her chin and leaned toward him; silently asking for a kiss. He saw the question in her dreamy emerald eyes and had to answer it. He leaned in and kissed her gently. She sighed and opened to him. He deepened the kiss and felt the kiss go straight to his heart. He pulled back and told her he had about five more minutes of work left then would take her upstairs to rest.
Jackie thought she must be dreaming again because this couldn’t be happening. Joe was the most attractive man she had ever met and could have any woman he wanted. She wasn’t blind; she saw the way the women that came to the bar watched and flirted with him. He said he had feelings for her too. It was just hard to believe because she has never had anyone care for her until she’d met Tammy, Cassie and Carrie. Her parents were always out partying and didn’t have time for her. 
Joe came to the bar and asked “You ok? If you’re having seconds thoughts I can still walk you home.”
“No I’m fine. I was just deep in thought, Are you finished already?”
“Yes, do you want to stay with me tonight?”
“More than my next breath; take me upstairs Joe. I want to be wrapped in your arms all night. I want to feel safe and cared for.”
“Let’s go. You will always be safe and cared for with me; My Little Songbird.” He took her hand and helped her off the stool then put his arm around her waist and led her upstairs.
*   *   *   *   *   *
The next morning Jackie and Joe went to the athletic store and bought everything they would need for their self-defense lessons. When they returned Tammy called John to help unload some of the heavier things.
John showed up and was impressed with everything they had purchased. “What is going on here guys? It looks like you’re turning the club into some kind of boot camp training camp.”  
Tammy smiled at Jackie and told John, “You’re pretty close. Joe is going to be teaching self-defense classes here during the day to women so they won’t have to go through what Jackie went through last night, pretty cool huh?”
“Joe, are you sure you can do this? No disrespect intended but are you qualified to teach a class like that?”
“I understand your concern but I taught it to new recruits and in the Special Forces, so yeah I think I can handle it. But I do appreciate your concern for the women in this town. Maybe you would be interested in helping out once in a while, when we get everything figured out and ready to start actually teaching the other women of this town.”
“Sure I would enjoy knowing I helped at least one woman stop an attacker. What did you mean the other women? Who will you be teaching until then?” John asked suspiciously, looking at each of the women then back to Joe.
Joe chuckled and said, “I didn’t want to lie and just say the women of this town because Tammy and Jackie are definitely women and they are of this town. I just hoped you wouldn’t catch that.”
“I wouldn’t be a very good cop if I wasn’t able to pick up on something like that now would I? So you plan to teach these two lovely ladies first. Why is that may I ask?”
“Tammy is in the bar every night and I know she’s a bad ass but a little training wouldn’t hurt, right? With what happened to Jackie last night, the classes will help her feel more in control and maybe prevent something like that from happening again. Don’t you agree?”
“I do think they would both benefit from the classes as long as they know that it is a strike and run type of thing. I’m sorry again ladies but I don’t think either one of you could stand toe to toe with a man like Charles and kick his ass.”
Joe smiled, “Not yet they can’t. Why don’t you come over on Wednesday and help me out?”
“What time Wednesday? I have to work that day you know.”
“So does Jackie.” He turned to Jackie and asked what time would be best for her first class. He told her they would limit it to just an hour the first time.
They scheduled their first class for ten in the morning which didn’t make Tammy too happy but she said she would be there.

Chapter 26
Revealing Their Hearts
Cassie woke up excited to get a day alone with Mike. She dressed quickly in jeans and a t-shirt and went down stairs to get some breakfast before she went looking for Mike. When she went to the kitchen, she heard voices and wasn’t sure if she should just walk in and interrupt, so she waited to see if she could figure out who it was talking to Maggie. 
“Maggie I love her but I don’t want to rush her. I haven’t felt this way about anyone before.”
“Honey, you have to let her know how you feel. I’m telling you again, she loves you too. She’s inexperienced in relationships. From what I’ve learned she has been so busy that she hasn’t even dated in five tears. Be honest with her and you two can figure out how to proceed together. Trust your heart.”
Oh my, that is Maggie and Mike talking about me and he just said he loves me. What do I do now? Cassie thought. She crept back to the stairs and made more noise as she came down. 
“Maggie, do you have any coffee ready?” she asked as she went in the kitchen. “Oh I’m sorry. Am I interrupting? I thought you’d be out in the barn by now Mike. Is everything ok?” she was nervous and talking too much but she felt guilty for listening in on a private conversation. 
“You’re fine Cassie, come on in and have breakfast with us. You’re up early today.” Maggie said as she sat a cup of coffee in front of her.
“Good morning Mike. I couldn’t sleep Maggie. I’m getting used to farm time I think. I was also excited about getting to spend time with Mike and seeing the farm now that the crops are growing. Mike, are we still on for today or do you have something else to do today.” 
He was being quiet and it made her nervous. She really didn’t want to be disappointed today but would understand if something came up. 
“I wouldn’t miss our day together for anything and I was just telling Maggie that we would need a picnic lunch around noon.  I’m excited to be spending time with you too. Are you sure you want to go to the fields? The corn is starting to grow pretty good but the other fields are barely showing any growth. We can go swimming in the creek instead if you’d rather.”
“Maybe after lunch, I’m interested in learning what you do and to learn how I can help you. Do you mind?”
“Not at all, I just want this to be a special day and that just doesn’t sound like much fun for you.”
“Being with is what makes it fun. Have you had breakfast yet?”
“Yes I ate about an hour ago. I need to head out to the barn and get the old ice chest for our lunch so you have time to eat. There is no rush today. We will take our time and just be together today.”
“That sounds wonderful. I’ll eat and then if she’ll let me I’ll help Maggie fix up our picnic.”
“I’ll be right back.” He said then leaned over a kissed her. “Good morning Tiger.”
He left the kitchen and went to the stairs instead of the barn. She wondered what he was doing but Maggie was talking to her.
“I’m sorry Maggie what was that?”
“I just asked if you would like eggs or pancakes with your bacon this morning.”
“I think Pancakes sounds good today. Can I help with breakfast or start on the picnic lunch?”
“Cassie if you want to make a special lunch then I don’t mind but if you just want to eat your breakfast, I don’t mind making it really.”
“In all honestly I would like to make our lunch for today if you don’t mind. I feel like it’s a special day today and would like to fix something for Mike.”
“Do you know what you’d like to make?”
“I don’t know if he likes tuna but I thought tuna salad sandwiches and maybe just chips and an orange if you have one and then something for desert. What do you think? Do you think that would be ok?”
“Tuna salad happens to one of his favorites. I always make sure I have lots of tuna on hand. I’m not sure about the orange but I have apples and fresh brownies that I made just this morning. Now it’s your turn, what do you think?” 
“Sounds good, I will need a knife to cut the apple when we get there. I better get started on the salad.”
“If you can’t find something just ask. I think you are perfect for Mike. You have the same tastes in food and music. You two are both sweet and loving. Thank you for giving my boy another chance at love.”
“Thank you Maggie. I think he’s pretty special and as close to perfect as any human can be.” She said as she made their lunch. Then she sat down to eat her breakfast and still she hadn’t seen him come back in.
Mike came in while she was washing her dishes. “Are you ready to head out? I have everything we need, except the lunch. Maggie did you have enough time to put something together?”
“Cassie made your lunch and it’s waiting by the back door. You two go and have a good day. I’ll take care of Carrie. I think we’ll look at the baby things I have stored in the attic, so we will be busy having fun too. Now go.”
They both gave her a kiss on the cheek before leaving the house. As they went out the back door, Maggie had tears in her eyes. Cassie is good for that boy. He hasn’t kissed me since he was a boy. Maggie thought.
Mike was nervous about today. He had only known her a few months but he was never surer about anything in his life. She is the love he’s looked for his entire life and he didn’t want to lose her. He just hoped that when he told her he loves her she wouldn’t run for the hills.
Mike helped her into the work truck and leaned in for a quick kiss. “Are you ready for your schooling in everything there is to know about the Manning Farm?”
“I am. I’m excited to see everything. Really I’m just happy to get you all to myself for the whole day.”
“That’s the best part of this day. I get to be with my girl with no interruptions.” He almost said his lady love but caught himself. It was too soon to scare her away. He put his arm around her shoulder and kissed her temple.
She leaned into Mike after that lingering kiss on her temple. It was just so special. A kiss like that just spoke volumes about how reverently he cared. She couldn’t think of any place in the world, she’d rather be right now. She still heard him telling Maggie that he loved her. He had said it with so much feeling like he was in awe too.
“Umm I couldn’t agree more. Thank you for doing this. I’m sure you’re busy but I think this time will be important in our relationship. I will know more about you and you can ask me anything you want and I will be completely honest so we can know each other better. How does that sound?”
She has no idea just how important this day is for both of us. I want to do this right because again like she said it will change their relationship. I just hope it’s in a good way. He thought as they left the yard.
“I agree and I will be honest with you too. You can ask me anything and even if it’s uncomfortable or embarrassing you will get the honest answer.”
“Where are we starting on our little tour?” she asked because she had to lighten the mood or she was going to tell him how she felt about him and didn’t want to do that yet, maybe while they were having lunch by the creek.
“I’ll take you out to the edge of the farm this direction and then we’ll make our way back to the creek for lunch.”
“That works for me. So what do you have growing out here?”
“This road cuts between the fields. On the right we have hay and then corn. On the left we have soybeans then wheat. It may be a strange mix but I’m hoping next year to start raising cattle on the other side of the property. I will also get more chickens for Maggie. She likes fresh chicken and eggs. It seems like the least I can do for her after all she’s done for me and this farm.”
“I think that’s sweet. She’ll love it. Has there ever been any cattle on the farm or was it only crops?”
“Gramps always raised crops to sell but he usually had a few cows for milk and meat. He even had Pigs one summer. They were hard to keep in because they root under the fences, not to mention that they stink.” He laughed remembering the day gramps decided he was done with the messy critters.
“Gramps came out one day in the fall and the three pigs he had were rooting and eat in Maggie’s vegetable garden and she threatened to quit if he didn’t do something to keep them out of their winter vegetable supply. He went out there and herded them into their pens again grumbling the whole way about how they were the dumbest animals because they wouldn’t go where he wanted. They kept circling back to the garden to eat. He finally told them that if they didn’t get back where they belonged they would find their sorry butts on Maggie’s table in the morning.” He was laughing hard now.
“I went out and pulled up about four or five carrots and wiggled them in front of their noses and started for their pen. They followed me like the pied piper. Gramps stood and stared at me like he didn’t know who I was and chuckled. He told me that day that I was a “natural.” He said with a thoughtful look. I think that may have been the day he decided to leave the farm to me.” 
“Anyway we secured their fences with some plywood we had in the storage shed and Gramps threw his arm around me and said he was proud of me. He said that he should‘ve thought of that a long time ago. That was the first time I had anyone ever tell me they were proud of me.”
“How old were you then? He seems like he was a good man and he loved you very much.”
“Yeah he did. I was about twelve then. I think at first he just felt sorry for me but learned to love me pretty quickly. He even tried to get my parents to let him raise me but they couldn’t do that. I mean how would it look to their friends? I’m sorry; I’m still a little bitter about how they treated their own child.”
“Did they not give you any affection at home or at least attention? It sounds like you may have reason to be bitter.” She said as she hugged his bicep where she had wound her hands as she leaned her head on his shoulder and listened to him talk about his childhood.
“Affection was something they kept for each other. In my head, I now understand it a little, but in my heart, the little boy is still hurt and wanting their love. See they have such a strong love for each other that they can’t let anyone else in. Their lives revolve around each other. They have the most amazing love. It almost makes you cry because it is so beautiful to see. They are just one of those couples that should never have kids.”
“That’s both beautiful and sad. How often did you get to be with your grandpa?”
“I came here every summer and sometimes during holidays. Those became my favorite times. I got to run around and make noise and get dirty and I always got more love from Maggie and Gramps that it almost made up for the loss of it when I had to go home. I know that I sound bitter and resentful and maybe I am a little but I wouldn’t wish my parents’ love away. I’m happy for them and have hoped to find a love like that since I was barely able to walk. I don’t want the consuming kind of love though because I want kids and will shower just as much love on them as my wife.”
“I’m glad you had Maggie and your Gramps. I also hope that you find that love and glad that when or if you have kids you will know what not to do. Do you ever see your parents now?”
“I haven’t seen them since I graduated in December. I call them once in a while because I’m working through my old hurts. I try to think of them as relatives that I care about and that helps me deal with the past a little better.”
“You’re a good man, and any woman would be lucky to have your love. I feel blessed to have you in my life.” She said with tears in her eyes. She put her arms around him and hugged him.
He turned to her and kissed her with all the love in his heart. “Hey, Tiger don’t cry. I’m happy to have you too. Let’s talk about something else ok? I want this to be a happy time not sad.”
She laughed and told him that the tears were a mix of sadness for the little boy he was and happiness for them both because he had found a way to deal with the hurt and because they had found each other.
“Do you want to get out and get a closer look at the fields?”
“That would be great. I love to watch things grow.” She laughed. “Not like sitting and watching the grass grow.”
He laughed with her. “I know what you mean. Every time I came out here the plants have grown and the whole field looks different.”
“That’s what I meant. It just didn’t come out right.” she laughed again as they got out of the truck.
They walked the field as they continued to talk. She watched him touch the corn stalks and knew he was proud of what he had accomplished in such a short time.
They walked each field and then made their way to the creek for lunch. It had been such a good day so far. It was relaxing and comfortable to walk hand in hand with him through his fields and talk about anything that came to mind.
As he straightened from spreading out the blanket he had brought for them to sit on, she came up behind him and hugged him laying her head against his shoulders. “Mike this has been the best day I’ve had in such a long time. Thank you for sharing it with me.”
Mike turned and took her in his arms and kissed her forehead then her cheek and finally her lips in a long loving kiss. “You’re welcome baby. I agree with you. I don’t want this day to ever end.”
“Neither do I, can we sit here by the creek until the sun disappears?”
“We can do whatever you want. This is your day, our day. I want to fulfill your every wish, your dreams and fantasies. I want to give you everything.”
“All I wish for, dream and fantasize about is you. You’re all I want.”
“I feel the same way.” He had to lighten the mood or they would both be in trouble.  “So you dream and fantasize about me huh?” he joked with a sexy grin and chuckled at her blush.
She lowered her head and said a bit breathless, “Yeah I do Mike. It’s a little scary.” 
He put a finger to her chin and raised it so he could look into her beautiful chocolate eyes. “Baby, I know how you feel. I’ve had dreams and fantasies about you too. I love you Cassie. I know it’s soon but I’ve never felt like this before.”
“Oh Mike, I love you too.” She said around the tears clogging her throat and falling down her cheeks.
He kissed each tear and then he settled on her mouth. He sat them down without breaking the kiss and poured all the love he felt into it.
Cassie’s head was spinning. She worked her arms up his broad muscular chest to the back of his head and through his hair. She tugged his hair as she pulled him in tighter and opened to his probing tongue. 
He lowered them to the blanket with him half on top of her. He broke the kiss then kissed her chin and along her jaw to her ear. “We probably should eat before we get too carried away.
“Umm you’re probably right but I don’t want you to quit kissing me. Your kisses are intoxicating. The only other time I’ve ever felt like this is when I drink too much.” She giggled as he moved away from her.
He kissed her one more time then moved back and started getting their lunch set up. “That’s enough for now. I need to cool down. You set me on fire Tiger. I’m sorry but I can’t keep kissing you and not take it further. I respect your values too much to do that. So let’s eat and talk a bit more then we can go swimming if you want.”
“Thank you, Mike. I understand and appreciate your restraint. Lord knows mine is sorely lacking. I would love to go swimming but I forgot my suit. I was in such a hurry to get the day started that I forgot to bring it or put it on under my clothes.”
“If you feel comfortable with it we can swim in our underwear. You can even leave your t-shirt on. If not we can just sit and dangle our feet in the creek for a while.”
“That sounds good, we can decide later. Let’s eat. All that walking in the fields has made me hungry.” 
They ate and talked then went to the creek to dangle their feet in the cool water. He sat behind her with his arms around her waist and nuzzled her neck and ear.
“What are your plans for tonight?” Mike asked her. 
“I don’t really have any. I would like to go to town and check on ‘‘The Diner’’ but other than that I don’t know. How about you, do you have plans for this evening?”
“I thought I’d go in and talk to John. Other than that I don’t have any plans either. Would you like to go to the club tonight? I think Carrie said that she’s singing tonight.”
“I would like that. I love listening to Carrie sing and I’d get to be in your arms again while we dance.” she said as she leaned into his chest.
“Um that’s the best part about going to the club isn’t it?”
“Oh yeah, the best part of any day.” she said as she turned her head and leaded to kiss him.
“I know it’s still a little early but do you want to go to the house and get ready to go to town. I just figure the sooner we get our business in town done the sooner I can hold you again.”
“I agree. Let’s go get cleaned up and head out.”
They got up and packed the remainder of their lunch and headed to the house. When they got out of the truck Mike caught her hand and pulled her back into his embrace. “I love you and will never get tired of telling you.” He said then kissed her.
Carrie stuck her head out the door. “Didn’t you two get enough of that out there in the fields today? Why do you make others see this sickening display? Get in the house and try to behave.” She joked. “We thought you were going to just stay out in the fields all night.” She opened the door for them and kissed each of them on the cheek as they passed.
“All kidding aside, I’m happy for you both.” She told them as she came into the kitchen where they were depositing the ice chest containing what remained of their lunch.

Chapter 27
Letting Love Flow Freely
After getting ready, they went into town for the evening. Mike took Cassie to ‘The Diner’ and left his car there while he went to see John. He walked into the police station and asked Officer Tracy if he could see John. She told him that John was out right now and probably wouldn’t be back tonight unless he had to be called in.
Mike thanked her and went back to ‘The Diner’. He stood outside and watched Cassie talk and joke with the waitresses while sitting at the breakfast bar. It looked like business was good. He stepped in and Cassie turned to see who was coming in. She smiled at him and held out her hand. He smiled back and went over to her and took her hand.
“I thought you were going to talk to John. I still have to wait for Aunt Truvie to come down and fill me in on business. I’m sorry it’s taking so long. Can I get you something while we wait?”
“Why don’t we have something light to eat before we go out tonight? We didn’t eat much of the lunch you made this afternoon.” He said with a sly smile.
Cassie blushed and asked Jessica if she would bring them a chef salad and bowl of soup outside on the patio. They went outside to talk while they waited for their dinner. Mike held her chair for her and then instead of sitting across from her he sat beside her and put on arm around her shoulder and took her hand with his free hand. He didn’t want to be so far away from her and wanted to touch her.
Cassie leaned into him laying her head on his shoulder. “Today has been so perfect. I don’t want it to end.”
“I don’t either and I can’t seem to stop touching you. I hope you don’t mind. You did say a little PDA was ok with you.”
“I’ll show you how much I mind.” She said as she lifted her head from his shoulder and gently kissed him. “I love you Mike. I can’t seem to stop wanting to taste your lips and hold on to you either, so you just keep doing what you’re doing. You make me feel special and protected.”
“You are special my little Tiger.” He said and kissed her.
“Well it’s good to see progress. I hope you’re here for a visit and not to tell me you two have run off and gotten hitched. I can tell you, if that’s the case then you will have hell to pay. I’ve waited too long to see my girls married to miss the big event.” Aunt Truvie said as she walked up to the table and took a seat.
Cassie blushed. “Aunt Truvie we aren’t even engaged why would you think we would get married and without our families and friends. Now stop embarrassing us and tell me what progress has been made on the fire.”
Mike chuckled and squeezed her shoulder.
“There hasn’t been any progress. The Fire Marshal and John have both hit a brick wall. They say they have nowhere else to look. If you want to move back in here then John says it’s ok but to just be alert. Now I say if you’re happy at Mike’s farm then stay there. That is your call. The same goes for Carrie.”
“I don’t want to leave you by yourself in the apartment even if Carrie decides to come home I’m not sure I feel comfortable with you two alone up stairs. Let me talk to Carrie and get back to you.”
“Ok I could move to Harvey’s for the time being. He wants me to live there with him. I just don’t want to be too easy. I love that old goat but I’m not sure about living with a man I’m not married to. I just can’t stay away from him.”
Cassie smiled at her then looked at Mike and said she understood what her aunt was going through. “We are heading over to ‘The Boot Heal’ for a night on the town.” she laughed “I’ll talk to Carrie later.” 
*   *   *   *   *   *
As they walked into the club, they saw John and Tammy talking at the bar and laughing about something. They walked up to the couple and sat down. 
“You two look happy. How are things going?” Cassie said as she sat down.
Tammy turned her back to John to face Cassie. “Things are good. We were just talking about our first self-defense class. Do you want to tell them about it Babe?” she asked as she turned her head to him.
John laughed and wrapped his arms around her and squeezed. “Not really but I’m sure if I don’t you will put your own twist to it that would make me look worse than I actually was. The truth is bad enough.”
“I would never” Tammy said. “at least not with you sitting right here.”
John squeezed her again. “Behave now if you know how Spunky, and let me tell the story.” He then proceeded to tell how she bested him every time the men came up with a new technique for her to try.
“I can’t wait for you and Carrie to join the classes. Just think we can beat up on the Chief of Police and get away with it.” For that comment she got another squeeze. She patted his arms and said, “I’m only kidding Chief. Ok well, partially kidding. You know we all love you. I promise that if the girls get too rough on you that I’ll protect you.” Then she gave him a kiss on the cheek.
For that John decided to pick her up fireman style and excuse them so that they could have a little talk. Then he lightly smacked her butt, not hard enough to hurt but enough to get Tammy’s attention. She had been cracking up laughing until then. After the light smack she started apologizing and promising to be a good girl.
He sat her on her feet and thanked her for giving up so easily.  Knowing that this would set her off again he tilted his head to the side and raised his eyebrows as if to ask “you want to go again”. She looked like she was ready to explode then cracked a smile and asked “Officer, would you know where I would file a complaint for police brutality?”
Without missing a beat he pulled her in tight to him and said “Yeah Spunky I do, right here and he pointed to his lips. 
They all laughed at their playing around like teenagers. It was good to see them together and happy again.
Tammy finally gave in and gave him the kiss he wanted.
Mike spoke up for the first time. “John, can I talk to you for just a minute? I promise it won’t take long.”
“Sure Mike. You two try to behave while we’re gone.” He said then kissed Tammy and kissed Cassie on the cheek.
Mike did just the opposite. He kissed Cassie then kissed Tammy on the cheek and walked off.
As soon as they were far enough away for the women to not be able to hear them they sat down and John asked, “What’s up Mike I thought we were good with the planting. Don’t we have about two maybe three more days left before you’re good until fall harvest?”
“Oh yeah we’re good. I just wanted to ask you something that may be a little strange but... Anyway I told Cassie that I love her today and she said she loves me too.”
“That’s great Mike. I’m happy for you, but you said you have a question.”
“Um yeah” He said then cleared his throat. “You’re like a big brother to her and since she doesn’t have a father I wanted to ask you for her hand. Um you know what I mean. I want to ask her to marry me and I’d like to get your blessing. I plan to ask her aunt as well but you being the man of her family of a sort I wanted to ask you first.” 
“Wow Mike, I sure didn’t expect that. I’m honored man. I’m also very happy for both of you. You knew that when you decided to talk to me that I would be honest right?”
“Yeah and I know some of what you want to say. We haven’t known each other very long but John I swear to you man I have never felt like I do about Cassie. I want her by my side all day every day and when she’s not I worry and wonder what she’s doing. I think of nothing else but her and the next time I can be with her. Tell me John what does that sound like to you?”
“It sounds like I had better give you my blessing soon or you may just bolt out the door right now with her for Vegas.” John laughed. “Seriously though Mike, I’m really happy for you and if this is what you both want then I will back you. All I ask is please treat her right. I know you’re a good man and would never hurt anyone intentionally so just take a minute to think when you’re upset about something. Look at how I screwed up with Tammy and use me as a bad example. Can you do that for me Cuz?” 
“I will try to think before I speak, as you know that isn’t my strong suit but I will remember the ass I made of myself with you a few months back and the troubles you and Tammy have been through because not thinking before you speak. I will not fail her John.”
“Ok then, I’m sure you want this to be a surprise for her so one more thing. Don’t mention it to Aunt Truvie before asking Cassie because she will let it slip. Just go to your girl now; again thank you for the honor of being considered when asking her family’s blessing.”
They stood and shook hands and gave each other a hearty pat on the back then went to the table that the ladies had moved to.
“Is everything alright?” Cassie asked. 
“Everything is great. Did you ladies order drinks yet?” John asked.
“No. We were waiting on the two of you. Let me go get us all a drink.” Tammy offered as she started to get up.
John put his hand on her arm. “I’ll get them Spunky. You stay here and miss me while I’m gone.” He said and kissed her on the head.
“I will try. What does everyone want?” 
“Is it so hard to be nice to me when there are others around Spunky?”
“Is it so hard for you to stop calling me Spunky around others?”
John just shook his head and asked what they wanted to drink. They told John but Mike went with him to get their drinks.
When the guys were gone Cassie turned to Tammy. “I thought you guys were trying to make things work. Why are you both pushing each other’s buttons? He’s a great guy Tammy. Give him a break. He loves you but don’t push him so hard. You know he doesn’t deserve that.”
“I know it seems that we have just gotten into the habit of pushing each other when we’re around others. That’s what he meant. I usually start it but he knows I love that goofy nickname he gave me in high school; it just makes me seem immature around other people. I know you’re right. He is amazing and we need to break that habit. I will be good the rest of the night.”
“Thank you. I know you love him so why not show him, or better yet show all the women that stare at him all the time. Claim him in front of them or they may decide that he is available and make a move. That would be bad for business because I know you wouldn’t be able to sit still and let him handle it.” Cassie told her with a mischievous glint in her eye.
“You got that right Chicky. I’d have to claw someone’s eyes out. Ok I got the message.”
The guys came back to the table and Tammy scooted her chair closer to John’s. She leaned over and gave him a kiss and winked at him.
“Wow what a difference a few minutes makes. If I leave again can I get another one of those?” he joked.
“You can have another if you stay. How does that sound?” she giggled.
“That sounds like my kind of plan. I’m keeping my butt in this chair all night.” John laughed. “Now give me my reward baby.”
She giggled again and kissed him. “I was kind of hoping to dance tonight. I guess if your butt is staying in this chair hum.”
“Don’t even think about it. I would love to dance with you. When does the band start? Isn’t Carrie supposed to sing tonight?”
“Yeah she is. I think she said something about going to Doug’s for dinner and would be here around eight. I can wait that long if you want to dance to live music. I just love to be in your arms as often as possible.” Tammy told him as she laid her head on his shoulder.
“That’s my favorite place for you too. Cassie did you get the message that you can move back into your apartment if you want? We don’t know who started the fire or why but both the Fire Marshal and I feel bad about keeping you ladies out of your home. All I ask is if you do move back home, please, be observant and don’t go from ‘The Diner’ or anywhere else to the apartment alone after dark. Have your cook walk you to your door or call the station and someone will walk you up.” 
“I know that sounds extreme but we were looking at the landing by your apartment door and there are some places up there where someone could hide and wait for you. I’m not trying to scare you but like I said I want you to be observant and cautious.”
“I told Aunt Truvie that I would talk to Carrie. I didn’t realize that there was a blind spot on the landing. Even if I don’t move back in there anytime soon, I’m getting a motion detection light put in and I think I will also add track lighting under the railing. I don’t want anyone hiding on my property.”
“I think that’s a good idea and I know who to ask to do it. Doug said he used to work construction while in college and you know he would gladly help you and your family make your home safer.” Mike said.
“Thanks Mike, I’ll ask him next time I see him. I can’t believe we didn’t notice that for so long. I was raised in that apartment. When I added on to the apartment the person that designed the add-on didn’t say anything about it either.”
“There was no reason to question it before now. It wasn’t until we started looking at it from a potential attack spot that I noticed it and I’m a trained Police Officer. You know how many times I’ve been at your place and never noticed it so don’t be so hard on yourself.”
“Here comes Carrie and Doug now.” Tammy said.
Carrie looked beautiful in a peasant blouse and full skirt. Her babies were growing fast. She already looked pretty big and she still had at least four months to go. Cassie felt for her and how uncomfortable she must be.
“Hey guys, you’re all here early. Is everything ok?” Carrie said in greeting. “I have a few minutes before I have to go to work so fill me in.”
“Everything is good Sis. We were just talking about the possibility of moving back into the apartment and the things we were going to have to change if we decide to move back in there.” Cassie told her.
“Oh like what? I don’t want you to go to a lot of expense because of me.”
“It isn’t because of you. It’s because there are things that need to be fixed to make it safer for anyone that happens to live there. Doug, I wanted to ask if you could help us in your time off. I know you are busy during the week and if you have a big case you’ll be busy during the weekends too but I hope the fixes wouldn’t take too long.”
“You know I’ll do whatever I can to make you three ladies safe. What did you have in mind?” Doug asked.
“The main problem at this point is lighting on the landing. Eventually I would like to add another exit whether into the kitchen of ‘The Diner’ or to the ally side of ‘The Diner’. I would prefer the kitchen but I don’t know if that is workable.”
“I’ll look things over and get you an answer by the end of the next two weeks.” Doug said. “Are you moving back in or are you going to wait until the fixes are done?”
“I don’t know. It depends on what Carrie and Aunt Truvie want to do. I think Aunt Truvie is starting to like being with Harvey so if that’s the case then it’s up to Carrie because I don’t want her to be alone and I don’t want her to live there if she is going to be afraid. What do you think Sis?”
“I don’t know. I hate to impose but I feel so safe and at home on the farm. I know it would be more convenient to live above ‘‘The Diner’’. I just don’t know what to do.”
“Carrie you and Cassie are welcome at the farm for as long as you want to be there. I love having you both there and I know Maggie does too. You will be working the club more than ‘‘The Diner’’ at least for a while and it looks like Aunt Truvie and Jessica are thriving at ‘‘The Diner’’. It is truly up to the two of you. I just want you to know that you’re welcome at my place for as long as long as you want to be there.”
“Thank you, Mike. I’ll think about it and talk to Cassie tomorrow, then let you know. Will that be alright?”
“Of course, take your time and think about what you want. If you decide to move back to the apartment then find that you no longer feel safe there you can always come back to the farm.” Mike said trying to make her feel comfortable with either decision.
“That sounds fair. I better get on stage or my mean ole boss will fire me.” She teased Tammy. “It’s good to have you all here tonight. Thank you for supporting me and not just here. I love you all.” She said then went to the stage.
“Doug watched her leave. Did she just say that she loves me? Maybe it was just something she always says. No. she’s not like that.” He thought.
Doug looked at Cassie and she nodded that she had heard Carrie too. He asked her if she wanted to dance. Then he looked at Mike.
 “You two go ahead and cut a rug. I need to talk to Tammy.” Mike told them. Cassie beamed at him and kissed his cheek. While she was close to him she thanked him.

Chapter 28
Craig Helps Pull Off A Big Surprise 
Once Cassie and Doug were gone from the table he turned to Tammy.” Does Craig take requests from anyone but Jackie? She’s the only one I’ve ever seen make requests.”
“He will do any request as long as the band knows it. Why do you ask? What are you up to?”
“I just thought I’d take a page from Jackie’s book. I want to make a request but don’t want Cassie to see me make it.”
“Ok? I don’t get it but I can ask him if you’ll tell me what it is.”
“I would rather write my request and have you hand it to him. Would you do that for me please. I’ll owe you one.”
“Fine but this had better be good. I don’t like being left in the dark, you know.”
“I know. I wouldn’t ask if there were any way I could get away with doing it myself.”
“For the love of God Tammy, give the man a break and do him a favor. Look at what he’s doing for our family. Not only has he offered the twin headaches a place to stay indefinitely he is now surrounded by females and one of those females is expecting. He should be getting a medal. Now agree to take his request so we can go dance.” John said then promptly kissed her silent.
“OK fine. I’ll take it when I get back from dancing with this wonderful man. Have it ready because Doug may not be able to keep Cassie out there for long.”
“I’ll go to the bar and get a piece of paper and pen from Joe.” He said and as she turned toward the dance floor he mouthed Thank you to John who nodded then led Tammy to the dance floor.
Mike went to Joe and asked for a pen and paper. When he got it, he wrote a request with an explanation as to what was going on and why he wanted that song. He then went back to the table just as Doug and Cassie came back from the dance floor. He stuck the note in John’s seat and hoped for the best.
When he saw John and Tammy coming back he picked up the note and asked Cassie to dance. As they passed John and Tammy he shook John’s hand and transferred the note. John chuckled and continued to the table where he gave the note the Tammy.
Tammy rolled her eyes at the entire secret message passing. She felt like she was in a bad spy movie. When she took the request to Craig he looked at it and it looked like he was reading a letter instead of a request but then he smiled real big and looked out on the dance floor at Mike and smiled and gave him a double thumbs up.
“So Craig what’s going on?” Tammy asked. 
He lost it. He was laughing so hard the other band members looked over to see what the boss was saying to Craig. 
Craig shook his head and said that he couldn’t tell her. “Mike specifically said and I quote “when Tammy asks what’s going on please don’t tell her.” He hasn’t been in town long but he has your number. What I will tell you is that you should get all of your friends out on the dance floor and help protect Mike. That’s it. That’s all you get now go. We will be doing his request next and tell Doug to come and dance with Carrie during this request.”
“You do realize I’m the boss here don’t you?” Tammy asked.
“Yeah I do. And I also realize you are going to be hot if you don’t do like I say. Now hurry up this song is almost over.”
Tammy hurried off to the table and told Doug what Craig had said then went to the bar and told Jackie and Joe to get out on the dance floor right now and dance because Mike had something up his sleeve and wouldn’t tell anyone but Craig and Craig said to get out there now. She then went back to John where he waited at the table and grabbed his hand to practically ran to the dance floor.
They were all dancing together when the next song started and John started dancing around Mike and Cassie so the others followed suite. Craig sang ‘It’s your Love’ by Tim McGraw. They cleared a wide circle around the couple. Cassie looked at her friends and couldn’t figure out what they were doing. She looked at Mike and he released his hold on her back but kept her hand and went down on one knee. Their friends protected them from the other dancers until everyone caught on. Craig lowered his voice but kept singing. Cassie glanced at him and then at Mike.
“Cassie, I know we haven’t known each other very long but I know that you are the only one for me. You have taught me how to accept love and to give love in return. You have shown me that you can love many people at the same time and in many different ways. I was lost before I met you. I am now whole because I have you. I love you more than life itself and would be honored if you would agree to be my wife.” He then held out a small ring with a princess cut diamond surrounded by Emeralds. “Will you marry me Tiger?”
Cassie was crying and nodding then launched herself at him and almost taking them both to the floor. He wrapped his arms around her and stood up. He kissed the top of her head and asked. “Was that a yes?”
She laughed and yelled so everyone could hear her. “YES!” “I love you too.” She then turned to Craig and thanked him for their song and asked him to please play it again.”
Everyone laughed and applauded the new couple and gave the entire dance floor to them as Craig sang their song again. It was the most magical night she had ever had. Once the dance was over they were surrounded by their family, friends and neighbors all wanting to wish them well, Cassie raised her voice and asked if they could all give her a minute. She turned to Mike and said, “You know I love you right? Do you trust me?”
“You know I do, now and always.”
“Then will you excuse me a minute. There’s something I have to do. Don’t go away.”
She went up on stage and beckoned Craig to her with one finger in a come here right now way. He looked a little sheepish but amused as well. He stopped in front of her. “Yes ma’am what can I help you with?”
She took his face and kissed each cheek then said, “Thank you for that lovely assistance and when this set is over I’d like you to come to our table and let me buy you a drink. Please. .”
“I would be honored. Congratulations Cassie. No one deserves happiness more than you. Now go enjoy your future husband and let me get back to work.” With that he kissed her cheek.
She went down to join her friends and her future husband. She looked into Mike’s eyes and asked. “Are you still ok?”
“Yes. Definitely, I love you and the way you love everyone and aren’t afraid to show it. Thank you for teaching me to love and trust again.” He said and kissed her again. 
Tammy stepped up and put an arm around both of them. “Let’s go get a drink to celebrate. Mike, I’m going to get you. I can’t believe you didn’t tell me what you were having me do.”
He just laughed. “I’m sorry but I wanted to surprise Cassie but I also wanted to surprise our whole family, well most of our family.” He said looking at John.
“John David Wright, did you know what he was doing? I can’t believe you didn’t tell me.” She said and punched him in the arm.
“Calm down. I had an idea but I didn’t know until he handed me the note as we passed him on his way to the dance floor. Before you ask Mike, I didn’t read the note but it wasn’t until then that I remembered telling you to tell her now. I just have to say I didn’t really mean now, as in now tonight but you did a good job, Cuz.”
“Thanks John and Thank you and Tammy for your assistance. I was going to wait until we got home and ask her by the creek where we had our first serious talk and she started teaching me how to trust and love again but I thought about how Jackie always said what she wanted to say with a song and I couldn’t resist. I guess that means that I should thank you too Jackie for the inspiration.”
“I have found the love in this little group that I’ve sought all my life and I thank you all.” Mike said with a catch in his throat. “Now if you’ll excuse us I’d like to dance with my Fiancé again.” He took Cassie’s hand and they danced until Carrie finished her set
“Mike I just have to ask you where did you get that beautiful ring on such short notice?” Carrie asked while looking at Cassie’s ring.
“That ring belonged to my Grams. My Gramps left it to me with instructions to only give it to someone as special as my Grams. Cassie is so much like Grams that I know Gramps would approve.” He said as he kissed Cassie’s temple.
“Thank you, Mike. It’s absolutely stunning. I will wear it with pride not only because it was given to me by you but because it belonged to someone that was so special to you. I will try to live up to her reputation and love you as much as both of your grandparents did.”
“Enough touchy feely stuff, you’re going to make me cry and I am not a crier. A toast: To the happy couple, may they love and laugh and have lots of babies for us to spoil.” Tammy raised her glass as they all touched Cassie’s and Mike’s glasses in toast.
The party continued until closing time. All of their friends hugged the couple and wished them well then went home. Carrie had her own car so she went to Doug’s house to stay the night. Mike and Cassie went home together and were excited about telling Maggie and Aunt Truvie in the morning. 
Mike walked her to her bedroom door as was their routine. “You’ve made me a very happy man tonight. I am looking forward to spending the rest of my life making you just as happy. We will need to talk weddings and everything related to that but I don’t mind holding off for a while. I’m enjoying getting to know you more every day.”
“I would love to talk about the wedding but I agree we should wait, at least until the babies are here and Carrie can be in my wedding without having to be self-conscious about her weight. That probably won’t be until winter. Are you ok with waiting that long?”
“As long as you stay with me so I can still kiss you good night each night and again good morning, I will be a happy man. I want the last face I see to be yours and the first face you see in the morning to be mine. I know you don’t get up as early as I do so I’m trying to be realistic about the first face I see in the morning.” He chuckled
“I would gladly get up before the sun to be the first face you see. Are you sure I should be staying here with our relationship changed?”
“I’ll be honest with you, I don’t care what people say about me but I don’t want them thinking bad about you, so if you think staying here is a bad idea then I will understand but I don’t know if I could wait until winter to get you back under my roof with me. It is your decision and I will be fine with whatever you decide. I just ask that for now you don’t stay at the apartment if you decide not to stay here. Maybe you could stay with Tammy or Jackie.”
“Let me think about it because I really don’t want to leave either but I have to think about the ramifications this could have on there. I know that most people would think nothing of it but I want to make sure there won’t be any fallout that will affect my business.”
“I understand Honey. You make the decision that is best for you and your family and I will stand beside you either way. I love you and won’t let my selfishness get in the way of building a life with you. We will have the rest of our lives together. A few months won’t make a difference. Now you get some sleep and don’t worry. Talk to Aunt Truvie and Carrie tomorrow. They will help you decide what is right. I love you Tiger, now and always.” 
“I love you too Sweet Man.”
He kissed her good night and went on down the hall to his bedroom.  
*   *   *   *   *   *
Cassie knocked quietly on Mike’s door at six that morning hoping to catch him before he went out to work but because they had gotten in so late last night she didn’t want to wake him either. When she got no answer she went back to her room, left the door open and crawled back in bed to wait for him to pass by. While she waited, she thought about staying here while being engaged to Mike. She remembered how everyone in town got behind Carrie and how they didn’t think any less of her for getting pregnant before marriage. Maybe they wouldn’t think less of her if she lived in the same house with Mike. It wasn’t like they were alone. They had Maggie and hopefully Carrie living in the house too. 
She knew she was being old fashioned and maybe some would call her a prude if they knew but she promised her parents to go to her marriage a virgin and she had made it twenty-four years, surely she could keep her promise a few more months. It was getting more difficult all the time but it was very important to her. 
She heard a noise down the hall and was hoping to see Mike but then she heard a door shut and water running. It must be Mike taking his shower. I can’t think about that. I need to keep my mind on other things like the wedding. When should we have the wedding? She thought. She was lost in thought and it must have been a while because the next thing she knew Mike was leaning against the door frame to her room.
“Oh Mike.” she said and jumped out of bed to run to him. She threw herself into his arms and kissed him like it had been weeks since she had seen him instead of hours. 
When she stepped back but kept her arms around his waist and said “Good Morning”. Mike smiled and said “Good morning to you too. Did you sleep at all or have you been lying awake all night just waiting to ambush me and kiss my socks off?”
She laughed at his joke and told him, “I slept a little bit. I was so excited that I couldn’t sleep very well. I’m wide awake and didn’t want to have Maggie’s face be the first face you saw this morning.”
“I’m glad. I could definitely get used to waking up to this. Why don’t you try to get some more sleep and I’ll come back in about three or four hours and get you?”
“No I’m awake now and couldn’t go back to sleep besides I thought we were going to work on the sheds today.”
“I have the last field of corn to plant then we should be able to start on the sheds after lunch. I’d feel better if you went back to sleep for a while but I won’t argue with you if you want to come out to the field with me.”
“How about I work in the fields for a few hours then I’ll go into town and visit with Carrie and Aunt Truvie. I can bring back lunch from ‘‘The Diner’’ and help with the sheds this afternoon. A visit will allow me to tell Aunt Truvie our news and talk to her about the apartment. I will be sitting around most of the time.”
“If that’s what you want to do then I would love to have you on my tractor.”
“Oh Yeah and that tractor is sooo sexy.” She said with a giggle.
“I heard that was what you thought of my tractor. Maybe if you’re good I’ll give you a ride later. Right now we need to get some breakfast then get to work.” He kissed her then led her down the stairs and into the kitchen where Maggie was making breakfast.
Mike went up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her cheek. “Good morning Magpie. We have an addition to our breakfast this morning and I’m hoping every morning.” He told her as he got down two coffee cups and poured a cup for himself and Cassie.
“Well Cassie, what are you doing up so early? I thought after the late night you two had that you would both probably be sleeping at least a little later.”
“I couldn’t sleep so I decided to start learning everything I can about living on a farm.”
“That’s nice. I’m sure Mike will welcome the help while you’re here.”
“I will like the help but I love the company.”
“Thank you, Mike. That’s sweet. So do we tell her or just let her find out on her own?” Cassie said with a smile as she reached for the cup Mike held out to her.
“Mike is that your Grams’ ring? Oh my God it is. When did you give that to her? Tell me that went with a question and got an answer.” She looked from one to the other as both just stood and grinned.
“Yes and Yes.” Mike said chuckling.
“Michael Scott Manning, you better tell me more than that.” Maggie told him with a stern look on her face and her hands on her hips.
“We will tell you everything over breakfast. We have work to do today. Not everyone gets to sit in the air conditioned house all day eating bonbons.” He said then jumped back quick enough to miss her ever present towel.
“Let me help and we will tell you while we fix breakfast. Michael you may set the table and get us all some juice and milk please. Maggie and I will do the cooking.” She kissed his cheek and said “Thank you for helping us.”
“I’m going to love having you around. Together maybe we can keep that boy in line. Now what do you want for breakfast Hun?”
Cassie laughed, “Sorry to disappoint you but I kind of like him out of line sometimes; and I would like to make pancakes if that’s ok with the two of you.”
“Thank you Tiger; and I would love pancakes. They are my favorites and Maggie only makes them on Sunday.” He said with an exaggerated pout.
“You are such a baby sometimes. I would make them more often if you got up early enough to eat them on weekdays Mister Sleepy Head. You rush in here grab coffee and toast and you’re out the door. So don’t you go blaming me for your lack of pancakes.”
“That has been true but I’m almost done with the planting so I should be able to slow down for a while. In all seriousness, you’re the best Maggie and you’ve put up with a lot from me. I don’t say if often enough but I really appreciate everything you do for me.”
“I love you son. I know you appreciate me or I wouldn’t be here. Now stop jawing and get your chores done. Cassie looks like she is almost done and we need to catch up.”
“Yes ma’am. I’m on it.” He said as he started setting the table and getting drinks.
They had breakfast then went to work planting the last field. They laughed and joked with each other until about nine o’clock then Cassie went into town.

Chapter 29
Life Is Changing For The Lane Women 
When Cassie got to ‘‘The Diner’, it was packed inside and out. Aunt Truvie was fit to be tied and lit into Cassie as soon as she walked through the door. 
“You finally show up. I guess you plan to tell me your good news now. Well it’s old news now, so you’re too late. Can you imagine how I felt when everyone was congratulating me on my niece’s engagement? I had to ask them which one of my nieces was engaged and when it happened.” Aunt Truvie said with tears in her eyes.
Cassie felt bad but saw no way to tell her unless it was on the phone. “I’m so sorry Aunt Truvie but I wanted to tell you in person and show you my ring. I didn’t mean to hurt you. Will you forgive me?” she asked as she walked to her aunt and held her.
“Of course I forgive you. I am just so happy for you and wanted to celebrate with you.” She said as she backed up enough to take Cassie’s hand to look at the ring.
“This ring is Gram Manning’s ring. I always loved this ring. It was her prized possession. She would be so happy that you now wear it. Now let’s go upstairs and I want to hear all about the proposal. I heard your young man put on quit a show.
Cassie hooked her arm into her Aunt Truvie’s and led her to the apartment. When they got upstairs they sat on the sofa and Cassie told her the whole story.
Aunt Truvie, I’ve never been more surprised in my life. We were dancing and all of our friends were dancing around us and they kept dancing further and further out until we had almost the whole dance floor to ourselves. Then Mike stopped dancing and thanked me for teaching him how to love and trust again. Then he said that I was his one true love and asked me to spend the rest of my life with him. It was so romantic. When he got down on one knee and pulled out the ring I realized what was happening and couldn’t even speak. OH Aunt Truvie, I’m so happy.”
“I’m happy for you, I really am but do you not think you are moving a little fast. You’ve only known him for about four or five months.”
“I know and normally I would agree with you but I’ve never felt this way and he hasn’t asked for anything I’m not ready to give. We live in the same house and he walks me to my door each night and gives me a good night kiss, then goes to his own room. If things start to get too passionate he stops us because he knows that I want to wait. I love everything about him Auntie.”
“As long as you’re sure and happy then I’m happy for you. I don’t know what to do about Harvey now.”
“What do you mean? What does Harvey have to do with me getting married?”
“Well he has asked me to marry him and I told him no. Then he asked me to move in with him and I told him to let me think about it because I’m not sure I feel comfortable with that but I don’t want to be away from him.’
“Why wouldn’t you marry him? I know you love each other. I see it in the way you look at each other. I see it now when you talk about him. So why not marry him?”
“I don’t know, I’m just so old and set in my ways. I don’t think I’d be a good wife anymore. I lost Danny thirty years ago. That’s a long time to be alone.”
“Yes it is and that’s why I think you should go for it. Harvey’s a great man and he loves you. I think you are just afraid of losing another man but you can’t live your life in fear and be truly happy.”
“If you marry Harvey and I marry Mike that leaves a three bedroom apartment open for Carrie and the babies. I’m not saying that is a reason for marrying Harvey. I’m just thinking now. Once I get the renovations done and the threat is gone, this would be perfect for Cassie and the babies.”
“What renovations? Man I am really out of the loop here. What are you talking about?”
Cassie told Truvie what they talked about with John and she agreed with Cassie’s ideas. They talked about her living at the farm before they were married and Truvie told her to go for it just like she was going to do once she was sure Carrie was taken care of.
Cassie was a little late getting back to the farm but didn’t figure Mike would mind because she had packed some of her things to move into the farm permanently. Life was good for her and could only get better.
She walked into the barn where she saw Mike sorting some of the smaller things stored there and said; “Honey, I’m home.”

To be continued.
Watch for:
Tammy’s story A Fight For Love
Jackie’s story Somebody To Love Me
Cassie and Carrie's Story Coming soon
Christian Romance/Adventure
Coming Soon - Becha's Story To Be Named

Songs Used In This Book
Song Title
Redneck Woman
Why Don’t You Stay
Are You Gonna Kiss Me Or Not
The Shake
Am I The Only One
She Thinks My Tractor’s Sexy
It’s Your Love
Somebody To Love Me
When You Say Nothing At All

Preview Of A Fight For Love - Tammy's Story
Family Of Friends Original Members
Cassie Lane is about five foot seven with long black hair and brown eyes. She inherited her family diner along with her identical twin sister. She has run ‘The Diner’ with only the help of her Aunt Truvie for the last five years; which left no time for dating or men.
Carrie Lane is Cassie’s twin sister. She inherited half interest in ‘The Diner’ as well but left town shortly after her parents died. She has been living in Nashville for the last five years trying to make it in country music.
Tammy Carter is a tough tall blond with bright blue eyes. She is the owner of ‘The Boot Heel’; the town saloon turned dance hall. She is passionate about her independence as well as protecting her friends and family as well as her longtime boyfriend John Wright. She is a very loving friend. She helped Jackie when she needed a friend the most and talked her parents into letting Jackie move in with them.
Jackie is a curvy little red head with green eyes that seem to sparkle when she smiles. She always seems to be happy even though her parents kicked her out of her family home at sixteen after a tragic event they said she lied about. She lived with Tammy’s family until she turned eighteen and inherited money from her deceased grandma. She used her inheritance to open ‘The Unique Boutique’.
John Wright is like a brother to the twins and has been Tammy’s boyfriend since they were fourteen. He and Tammy love and fight fiercely. He became the Chief of Police in their little town at an early age when his father decided to retire from the position.
Joe Carter is six foot three with bright auburn hair and blue eyes. He is twenty-six and was in the Marines Special Ops Forces. He has always been shy around women but has withdrawn from everyone but his cousin Tammy since returning home. He is now her bartender.
Mike Manning is over six foot tall with slightly longer than average sandy blond hair and very pale blue eyes. He is John’s cousin and inherited his Grandpa’s farm. He is a shy, quiet man and spends most of his time trying to bring the farm back to what it once was.
Doug Cooper is almost six feet tall with dark brown hair and bright green eyes. He is the Prosecuting Attorney for their little town. He has a soft spot for both of the twins and always has.
Aunt Truvie is a forty something lady that was engaged to the love of her life until he was killed in a senseless war twenty years ago. She is a very feisty lady. She keeps everyone in line and on their toes.
Introduction
This is Tammy’s story, but in order for you to understand the way she is, you need an introduction to her life from an early age. She was raised in a small midwestern town by two loving parents. She had a lot of friends throughout her school years and a steady boyfriend from the age of fourteen until she was twenty-four. That’s a long time to date the same person but she and John were perfect for each other. Her three best friends were Jackie, Cassie and Carrie. Cassie and Carrie were known around town as the Lane twins and they were a handful at times but loved Tammy like a sister. Jackie got kicked out of her house when she was barely sixteen and Tammy’s parents took her in at Tammy’s insistance. Jackie and Tammy were closer than sisters. They shared secrets that no one else knew. This is her story.

Chapter 1
The Day Of Prom
Tammy was excited, she was going to prom with her boyfriend of three years. John was the love of her life. She was the head cheerleader, he was the star pitcher of their baseball team and star center of the basketball team. They had been voted the couple most likely to live happily ever after. She was on cloud nine as she got ready for their Senior Prom.
Her best friends came to her house to get ready. They were all in Tammy’s room talking about their dates and what they hoped the night would be like.
Cassie looked at Tammy. “So Tammy are you and John going to be ok when he goes to the police academy? I can’t imagine one of you without the other.”
“I hope so. He says he’ll come home as often as possible and call me whenever he gets a chance. All I know is that I’m going to miss him so much. Two to three years is a long time. I’m sorry. I can’t talk about it or I’ll start crying again.”
“I’m so sorry Tammy. Let’s concentrate on the fun we’ll have tonight. I saw the decorations in the gym and it looks amazing. Jill and her committee did a great job.”
After being at the dance for a couple of hours Tammy told Cassie that she and John were going to the point and asked if she and Doug wanted to go too.
Cassie laughed at her friend. “I’ve already told you at least twenty times that Doug and I are just friends. We only came to Prom together because we enjoy spending time together. I wasn’t asked so I wasn’t going. He didn’t want me to miss Prom so he offered to accompany me.”
“So, no thank you. Have fun but be safe. I’ll see you tomorrow.” The girls hugged and Tammy went to find John.
She sat snuggled against John’s side with his arm across her shoulders. He kissed her and told her he loved her. “Tammy, will you accept my promise ring? I promise to always love you, to always come home to you and be faithful to you. Will you wear it as a show of our promise to each other?” He held a small solitare diamond on a white gold band in a black velvet box out to her.
“Oh John, it’s beautiful. Yes I promise to always love you too, to always wait for you and to be faithful to you always.” They kissed each other then John put the ring on her finger. “I’m going to miss you so much. How can I live without you here?” she cryed on his shoulder.
“Honey, Please don’t cry. I promise I’ll be back and will visit every chance I get. I plan to continue classes through the summer. That way I can come home to you much sooner. I don’t want to be away from you either. God, I love you so much Baby.” He told her as he rubbed her back in circles.
“John, love me before you go please. I want that memory to hang on to.” She begged him.
“Tammy are you sure? This is big. Are you ready for that?” he leaned back to look into her face as she answered.
“John I’ve wanted you for years now but was waiting until we were married. I don’t want to wait anymore. I know we are meant to be together. I love you so much and I don’t want either of us to forget this night.”
He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her with the passion he had been holding back for fear they would get carried away or he would scare her away. They learned each other’s body that night and what they liked and what they wanted for the rest of their lives.
Tammy was late getting home and was grounded for the rest of the weekend with the exception of going to her family bar. She was allowed to go there only to sing two twenty minute sets from eight to nine at night.
Two Months After Graduation
The time had finally come for John to leave for college and then the Police Academy. It was breaking his heart to leave Tammy behind but she couldn’t go with him. He wanted to do something special for her so he went to her parents to ask for permission to sing at their bar; one song, one time. They saw how much he loved Tammy and that both were hurting, so they agreed. He would have to follow the same rules that Tammy did when they let her sing there but he readily agreed and thanked them. He also wanted to know if they would record it for Tammy to keep and replay when she was missing him; again they agreed.
Saturday night before he was to leave, he went in the back door and waited in the storage room until Tammy finished her second set then as she was thanking everyone and getting ready to exit the stage he walked out and asked for a chair for Tammy to sit on. The band leader brought a bar stool and a mic. John took the mic and thanked him. He was very nervous. They had been in choir together so he new he was a pretty good singer but he hadn’t ever sung solo on a stage with everyone watching him.
He turned to the audience and asked. “I’d like to sing one song if you’ll indulge me. I don’t do this sort thing very often.“ Then laughed nervously, “Actually this is a first for me; so thank you for letting me say a special good bye to my girl.“ He turned to the band and nodded that he was ready. He looked at Tammy. She was smiling because she loved it when he sang to her. When the band started she cocked her head to the side for just a minute and when she recognized the song, she started crying. He sang ‘I Do’ by Mark Wills. His voice was a deep base and filled the room as well as her heart with so much love it overflowed in her tears.
When the song was over she jumped off the stool and met him in the middle of the stage. He told her he loved her and always would. “I’ll be back so don’t give up on us.” Then he kissed her. They turned to the audience and thanked them again as they went wild chanting for more. He told them that he had made a promise to sing only one song but would be back and maybe would get permission to sing again. They left the stage and went to the back room to wait for her parents.
Her parents showed up to tell him good bye and her mother had tears in her eyes. “John that was beautiful. I knew you sang in the chior with Tammy but you have an amazing voice. You can sing in here any time you want to.” She said and hugged him then kissed his cheek. “Take care and hurry back.”
He thanked her and asked them to take care of 'our girl' while he was gone and shook her dad’s hand.
“Son I can tell you love my baby girl and I know she trusts you. I just want to tell you that I trust you too. Spend your time studing and taking care of business so you can come back home soon. God bless you and keep you safe.” Her dad then gave John a hug and her parents left.
“Wow I never expected that kind of reaction from them. You, I kind of figured on the tears. You have no idea how hard it was to keep singing while watching you cry. I was surprised that you managed to stay in your seat.”
“I had to hold on to the the seat in order to remain seated until the song was done. That was the most amazing surprise. I’ll never forget this. I love you so much. I can’t believe you got up there in front of all those people and sang. Thank you Baby for that beautiful memory.” She said while hugging him. she leaned back and kissed him. “Are you ready to get out of here? I had hoped that we could go somewhere special tonight.”
“I am more than ready. I have rented a hotel room in the city for the night just in case you wanted to spend the night with me or we can stay out late and I’ll take you home then go to the city. I don’t want you to think I expect anything from you. I just want to spend my last night with you.”
“I think that sounds wonderful. Can we stop by my house first before Mom and Dad get home so I can get a change of clothes for tomorrow?”
“For you, I’d do anything. Let’s go before they catch on and decide to meet us at your house to stop us.” He said grabbing her hand and running out to his car. They laughed all the way to her house and then to the city.
They spent the night making love and just holding each other. Neither one of them wanted to sleep since it was their last time together for a long time. He drove her home in the morning and kissed her good bye as tears flowed from their eyes. He waited until she was in the house before he drove away. He didn’t want her to see him leave her.
His parents took him to the airport and said their goodbyes. Before he boarded the plane he handed his mom an envelope and asked her to give it to Tammy when they got back to town. She promised she would and they said they would help look after her and try to keep her from being too sad. He thanked them and left for college.
When his parents got to town they went straight to Tammy’s house and rang the door bell. Her mom answered the door and invited them in. She said Tammy was already upstairs crying. She had just called the other girls to come over and try to cheer her up. “They will be here in a little bit. Did you need to see her? I can go get her.”
His mom looked at his dad and when he shook his head she turned back to Rachel and said. “I don’t know, John gave me an envelope to give to her but I don’t want to disturb her right now. Maybe I can give it to her later.”
“No, I was wondering how he was going to get the letter to me. He sang her a beautiful love song last night at the bar and asked that we record it so she would always have him near and said there would be a letter to go with it but I didn’t see him to get it. He didn’t say how he would get it to me. I’m glad he didn’t forgret it.”
Mary Wright gave the envelope to Rachel and thanked her for doing that for John and for Tammy as well. She told Rachel to let them know if they could help Tammy in any way and to tell Tammy to stop by and see them.
Rachel shut the door and went to her bedroom where she got the original tape of John’s song and went to Tammy’s room. After knocking, she opened the door and peaked in to find Tammy curled up on the bed crying softly. She touched her shoulder and said, “Tammy I have a gift for you from John. He asked me to make sure you had it as soon as he left. Mr. and Mrs. Wright just dropped off his letter. I was supposed to give you both gifts at the same time so here they are. I’ll lay them on the foot of your bed. The girls will be here shortly.” She turned and quietly left the room.
As soon as the door closed Tammy looked at what her mother had left and picked up the tape and envelope. She got up to turn on the TV and VCR. She put in the tape and started it while opening the envelope. The video started as Tammy was thanking the audience last night and she could see John walking up behind her with a big smile on his face. She looked at the letter in her hands and began to read.
My Special Love,
I know right now you are probably crying and I’m sorry I am the cause of your tears. If it makes you feel any better I cried all the way from your house this morning to mine. God I miss you already. No matter what we are going through always remember that I will never stop loving you.
I had your mom record my song last night so when you’re missing me you can watch it and know that I love you and am thinking about you every minute of every day. I will be counting the days until we can be toegther again; if even for a weekend. Please try not to cry for me. It breaks my heart to know that I made you cry. Go out and do things with the girls and stay busy so the loneliness won’t be so bad. I will be studying as hard as I can and taking as many classes each semester as they will let me so I can get back to you as soon as possible.
I know this is hard on both of us but I do this so we can have a better life later. Please hang in there with me and know I love and miss you too. I’ll write when I can. I’m not sure how often that will be because of the number of classes and homework. Failure is not an option. I will not fail you. Check with my mom, I think she has my address at the dorm. Write me as often as you want. I will cherish every word. Now watch the video and remember I do cherish you and will always love you.
Your Man now and always,
John
Tammy wiped the tears away and rewound the tape and watched the video of John’s song. She played it over and over and when the girls came in she showed it to them. They all cried together.
John was only able to come home about four times that first year and twice the second. She missed him but knew he would be home soon. That was why he was going to summer classes so he could be home sooner. He was also going to the academy while finishing his last year of college.

Chapter 2
John Comes Home
John flew into the nearest airport and was thrilled, as he walked through the terminal, to see Tammy waiting for him with a smile and tears of joy on her face. He ran to her and hugged her and spun her around kissing her anywhere he could reach.
“Baby, I’m so glad to see you. I was hoping you’d be the one picking me up. God, I missed you so much.” John told her between kisses.
Tammy was laughing and crying and kissing him back all at the same time so she couldn’t say anything. She finnally felt whole again and was so overwhelmed with the feelings flowing through her that she didn’t even want to try to talk right now.
“Hey, are you going to be ok?’ He chuckled at her.
She just nodded and squeezed him again. “I just want to hold you and hear your voice. Please just talk to me while we get your luggage.
He chuckled again. “Let’s go get my things and I will talk to you all night if that’ll make you happy.” He put his arm around her waist and pulled her into his side as they went to find his luggage. “So when are they expecting us home?”
“Not until Monday afternoon. Your mom has a special dinner planned with both sets of parents. The gang is expecting us at 'The Boot Heel’ later that night. Is that ok?”
“That sounds perfect as long as I get to be with you; I don’t care what we do.”
“Did I tell you that I moved in above the club after I took over running it. It’s not in my name yet because I’m not twenty one for a few more months yet but I still run the club and sing there. Sometimes I get Jackie to sing with me and I hired a new band that knows all of the newest songs.”
“How are things going there? Are you having any trouble because you’re so young and beautiful? I bet you have all the men after you.”
“Things are great. I have a bartender that treats me like I’m his daughter so I’m safe and all of the men that come in know that I’m taken. If I have any trouble then Jimmy steps in but I have only had to call on him a couple of times. I’ve gotten better at knowing how to avoid confrontations with the men. Now that you’re home I’m sure they will leave me alone completely.”
“They’d better. I don’t share what’s mine. And you have been mine for over five years, so they can just back off. There’s my luggage. Let’s go to a hotel and see if we can get reaquainted.”
“Umm that sounds wonderful. I’ve missed being with you. Can we stay where we did before you left?”
“If they have a room available I would love to revisit that time. I really would be happy to just lay beside you and hold you all night. Where’s your car?”
“It’s over there.” She said pointing to a red 2000 mustang that her parents bought her for graduation.
They went to the car and she gave him her keys because she knew he would want to drive. It felt good just to watch him drive. She sat in the passenger seat watching him, remembering the last time they were going to this same hotel and the song he sang to her.
“What are you thinking about? You’re awful quiet over there?” He said as he glanced at her with a smile.
“I was just thinking about the last time we were here and the song you sang to me before we came here. That was the best and worst time of my life.”
“Mine too Baby. I never wanted that night to end. Do you still have the video of the song or did you wear it out?” he asked with a chuckle.
“The original was worn out about four months after you were gone but Mom expected it might be, so she took it to walmart in the city and had two DVD’s made. She said she didn’t want anything to happen to the video and if it did she wanted me to have the dvd and a second in case the first one got scratched or broken. She was so sweet and made sure you were with me anytime I needed you. That was sweet of you too, to think of that. I don’t know if I could’ve gotten through these last two years without it.”
“I was glad you had it. I have to tell you something though. I know how you feel because I had Jackie record you one night when you were singing and send me a copy. That got me through the bad times just like my song did for you.”
“Oh no, what did she record. I didn’t even know she was doing that." She said and covered her face.
He reached over and took her hands in his and pulled them away from her face and looked at her. “I love you and you sing with so much feeling that any one listening can feel your heart. You were singing Shania Twain’s song ‘You Got a Way’. It was the most beautiful way to show your love for me. I cherish it baby. I cherish you.” He leaned over and kissed her with such reverence that she had to fight the tears.
They stayed Friday, Saturday and Sunday and never left the room except to get something to eat and then went right back to their little cocoon. They spent their time making love and just holding each other while they slept and talked. They hated to leave but their parents were anxious to see him. His parents had unselfishly told her to take the weekend to spend time with him then bring him home on Monday afternoon. She couldn’t keep him away from his family any longer.
They arrived at his parents’ house around eleven thirty and his mom ran out the door crying and called, "John, oh my baby" and threw herself in his arms. “How are you Honey? Are you hungry? Come on in the house. Hi Tammy, sorry I didn’t mean to ignore you.”
Tammy laughed “At least you can talk. You should’ve seen me. I couldn’t say anything. I cried like a baby. So don’t think anything of it. We all missed him so much it hurt.” She squeezed John’s waist and smiled up at him.
“That we did. Tammy your parents are supposed to be here around noon.” She said as she led them into the living room.
“Mom you look great. Is Dad at work? I thought he’d be here.” John said a little hurt that his dad couldn’t at least take a lunch break to see his son. He knew that being Chief of Police was demanding but he needed to eat and they didn’t live that far from the station.
“He said he’d be here at noon for lunch and then he’ll see you tonight.” 
“I plan on going to ‘The Boot Heel’ tonight about seven to see all the gang. Tammy has to work tonight so I want to be there too. I hope you guys understand.” He didn’t want to hurt his parents but he was a grown man and wanted to be with Tammy.
“Of course, he should be home around five or six. You will get to visit with him then,”
“I may go down to the station today while Tammy takes care if business at the club. I need to talk to him about a job. I don’t know if he even has the funds for another police officer right now.”
“That might be a good idea. I know he’s been saying that money is tight at the station so he may not have the money or he may only be able to offer a part-time position right now. Can I get you two something to drink before lunch?”
They had lunch with the parents and then he took Tammy to the club. He went in with her, looked around and met Jimmy. She got busy talking about the weekend business and getting ready to open, so he took off to talk to his dad about a job.
His dad said he didn’t think he could work it out just yet. “I’m sorry Son. I know you worked hard and deserve a position here but I don’t know if I can swing it yet. I will talk to the mayor and see what we can work out.”
“I understand Dad. I will see if Tammy needs help for a while until I can get on with the city. Let me know what the mayor says ok. I think I’ll go see if Tammy needs help tonight. I’ll see you later. I probably won’t be home tonight. I want to be with Tammy. Catch you later Dad.”
He was pretty upset but didn’t want his dad to know. There wasn’t anything he could do if there was no money to pay another officer. There wasn’t a lot of crime in a town this size. He just hoped Tammy needed help at the club. He could work as security or a bouncer. If he stayed at home he wouldn’t need much money. He just hated to live with his parents at twenty-one especially since he had been on his own for over two years. He didn’t want to always check in like he did in high school.
When he walked in, Tammy was stocking the bar and poured him a beer then asked him how things went with his dad.
He told her what his dad had told him then asked, “How did things go this weekend with you gone?”
“It was ok but Jimmy said there were a couple of guys stirring up some trouble all weekend so I’ll have to watch and see how things go. Are you staying or going home then coming back later?”
“I thought I’d stay if that‘s ok. I could even be your bouncer tonight if you want me to. I’ll take care of your problem with the two guys if they show up.”
“You don’t have to do that. Hang out with the gang and let loose tonight.” She didn’t want him thinking she couldn’t handle the club without him. She had been doing it for the last year just fine.
“Ok but if you need help just holler. I’d hate to see that pretty face messed up when I can protect it.” He said with a smile and a wink.
“Will you sing for me tonight. I love to hear you sing.” She had to change the subject or she’d get upset with him and this was his first night back in town. She wanted him to have a good time with their friends.
“I will if you will. I love to hear you sing too. Maybe we can think of a duet. What do you think?”
“I would love to sing with or for you but I’ve been gone all weekend and really need to take care of the customers. Can we see how things go later. Besides it Monday night and that’s karaoke night.
"I can find a great karkoke song for us, trust me. I’ve got this.” He smiled that ornery smile that she loved.
“You can chose a song but I want to see what it is before I agree to sing it.”
“Fine party pooper. I can’t believe you’d think I’d pick something you wouldn’t like. You wound me.” he said as he placed his hand on his heart.
“Just go pick a song so I can open the doors. It’s good to have you back. I really missed joking around with you.” She said as she rounded the bar. She kissed his cheek and told him to go. As he turned to walk off she swatted his butt. “I love your tight ass.”
“Thanks but yours is better. Maybe we can compare them later. I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” He said as he laughed and walked away.
Their friends showed up around eight o’clock and the party started with the girls singing Shania Twain’s ‘I Feel Like A Woman’. Then they all danced together.
John had a good time but watched Tammy all night to make sure she was alright. They sang Sonny and Cher’s 'I Got You Babe’ to the cheers of their friends.
When they shut the club down for the night Tammy took him upstairs. They were tired from the long weekend and the excitement of John being home so they went to bed and just held each other.
John said quietly, “Honey I worry about you in the club with all those men drinking and hitting on you. Don’t get me wrong, I trust you but not all men know that no means no. I wish you’d let me work here as a bouncer. I would volunteer. You wouldn’t have to pay me. I love you and want to protect you.”
“John I love you too but I’ve been doing this for a year and I’m still ok. I know it’s your nature to want to protect the ones you love but I can take care of myself. Please trust me.”
“I do Baby. I will try to let you handle things. I will probably be here every night until I can find a job. Is that going to be a problem?”
“Not as long as you remember that I am working and don’t try to jump in as soon as there’s a problem.”
“I’ll do my best to let you do your thing. Now get some sleep and we’ll talk tomorrow.” He kissed her good night and quickly fell asleep.
Things went along just fine for the next several months. Then he finally got a position on the police force so he wasn’t in the club much at night.

Chapter 3
The First Promotion
John came into the club to see Tammy with good news. He sat at the bar and asked Jimmy where Tammy was.
“She’s in the back making the cheese sauce and getting things ready to open tonight. Apparently I don’t do anything right anymore. She has been on the warpath all afternoon. I’ll be honest with you, if I didn’t love her like a daughter, I’d have walked out long before now.” He told John quietly.
“Do you mind if I go talk to her? I’ve not known her to be like that with anyone especially those she loves.”
Jimmy looked at the kitchen door and told John. “Go ahead but enter at your own risk.”
“Thanks man. Maybe I can get her in a better mood. I’ll sure try because an unhappy Tammy is not a pretty sight.”
“Don’t I know it. She’s chewed my ass so many times today I’m surprised I even have one left.”
Both men chuckled at Jimmy’s joke and John went into the kitchen. He saw her at a small prep table with her head in her hands. He approached slowly and crouched down so his head was even with hers. “Honey are you ok? Can I get you something?”
“No I just need to be alone right now and get this place open.”
“I can help open for you. You don’t have to do it all by yourself. I am here for you no matter what you need.”
“I just need to be alone right now. Why can’t everyone just leave me alone?” She said angrily. Then imediately felt bad. John didn’t deserve that.
“Ok Baby I’ll leave you alone and check with Jimmy to see what I can do out front to help you out. I love you baby.” He said as he left the kitchen.
“I love you too.” She whispered. She pulled the letter from her coat pocket and reread it for the fifth time today. She wiped the tears from her cheeks and got back to work.
John helped get the club ready to open but kept out of her way. He had known Tammy long enough to know when something was bothering her. She needed time to work it out in her head; then she would talk to him about it.
As the night wore on he noticed her drinking. She never drank in the club because she could lose her license if caught. He approached her and asked her to please talk to him. “Honey, I want to be here for you. How can I help you if you won’t talk to me? Please, let me help.”  He tried to hug her but she stepped away from him.
“John, you don’t understand. No one can help ok. I just want to forget. Can’t you just give me space? I need to think or forget. I don’t know. I just need to be alone.”
“I don’t understand because you won’t talk to me and help me understand. I’m trying to help you but you won’t open up. God, it’s so frustrating to watch you drink so much and know that you could lose you license when it’s all so unnessessary. Just talk to me.” He was getting angry and tired of her pushing him away. All he wanted to do was help and protect her. He took ahold of both of her arms and looked her in the eyes. “At least go upstairs so I don’t have to arrest you and shut your place down. Tammy, I’m the law here. I love you but that’s my job.”
“Screw you Officer John. I’ll go upstairs but I want you out of my club. Now.” She said as she jerked out of his arms.
“Fine, I’ll go but I’m only trying to protect you like I always do. Just so you know I got a promotion today so that’s Sergeant John now. I love you but I’m going. Let me know when you’re ready to talk.” With those final words he left the kitchen and the club. On his way out he asked Jimmy to get her upstairs before the place was shut down for serving a minor.


