

A Gentleman’s Indiscretion
The Tainted Series
By: T.L. Tate


Copyright © 2018 by T.L. Tate
Distributed by Smashwords
Cover Photo Copyright of mnowicki/Shutterstock
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.















Coming soon to www.TLTate.net: The Book Store!!!
A one stop shop to purchase and download T.L’s entire library of works!
Updates coming mid-April!
Welcome Back!










Her heart was soft, yet full of thorns.
His heart was hard, yet riddled with petals.

My heart was pounding in my chest. My hands were sweaty. I couldn’t seem to catch my breath. Sarah held my hand while she confidently lead me towards her bedroom. I was nervous. I was crazily nervous. It reminded me of my very first time.
I wanted to man up and tell her no and that we should just remain as we are—friends. If we crossed this line then there was no telling what awaited us on the other side. But I didn’t speak up. I didn’t tell her of my concerns—my fears. How could I show her such a weak side when she has been so remarkable brave?
It wasn’t a question of being attracted to her. I was. She’s a beautiful woman, despite all the effort she puts into convincing the world otherwise. In the time that she’s worked under me, I have discovered that she is immeasurably strong, good, true, beautiful and intelligent. The fact that her ex-fiancé, Chris, didn’t see this was proof of his ineptitude. 
It has been barely a week since Sarah came to stay with me after Chris beat her. It has been barely a week since this small, frightened woman bloomed and became everything she desperately tried to push down and hide. It has been barely a week since she shattered the shackles of her own self-doubt, which was perpetuated by a long-term abusive relationship. The woman that was leading me towards her bedroom was not the same woman that I had dinner with and who asked my opinion on whether or not she should get married. No, the woman leading me towards her bedroom was not that woman. This woman was focused and was purposefully taking steps to attain the things in life that she so desperately missed out on while she was with him.
Lately, my life has been a rollercoaster. After years of having marital problems…well, I guess that’s not entirely true. Rachel and I hardly fought. However, we hardly talked so I guess that’s saying something. Anyway, after suffering through the growing distance between my wife, Rachel and I, she started having an affair with one of her co-workers, Alex. I found out about it the day after I got a huge promotion at work and the day before my 30th birthday. I actually found out from a very unlikely source—Toni. She’s Rachel’s younger sister and she also happens to be one of my subordinates at work. After finding out that Rachel was having an affair, Toni approached me as I licked my wounds and told me that the reasons for Rachel’s distance was because of the affair. If she would’ve just told me then I wouldn’t have believed it. I couldn’t have believed it, to be honest. But she didn’t tell me. She let Rachel tell me herself.
Toni found out the day before I did and recorded Rachel’s confession on her phone. When she played it for me, I devolved. To say that I was a mess wouldn’t give it enough credit. I devoted everything to my marriage and when I found out, I was ripped apart. Fortunately for Rachel (because I don’t know what I would’ve done had she been there) she had already left to go on a weekend trip with her lover in Las Vegas. I was alone and despondent.
To get my mind off of things and to live one of her fantasies, Toni showed up at midnight on my birthday and offered herself to me. I took her offer and her innocence with both eyes open. Despite our carnal actions, Toni pushed me towards giving her sister a second chance. Because I crossed the line too, I felt like I had to at least give Rachel another chance.
When Rachel sent me a text and I responded in a way that let her know that she was busted, she practically tripped over herself to get back home to me. Since then, we’ve seen a marriage counselor, Dr. Amara Jeffries. She’s a wickedly sexy Black woman that may or may not have a thing for me. I honestly can’t tell.
It was tough going, and the healing is still happening, but I couldn’t completely eradicate the love that I felt for Rachel so we decided to try and make things work. Unfortunately, because I caught her going into a hotel room with Alex, I lost it and followed them. As it turned out she was only trying to end things so my belief that she was meeting up with him to continue their affair was erroneous. Still, upon finding out that he hit her, I completely lost it and attacked. The result of me nearly beating him to death was the traumatization of Rachel. Days went by and she decided that she needed to get away. That’s right. She cheated on me. I got in a fight to avenge her. Yet, she left me. Isn’t that a kick in the teeth?
Well, as it turned out, it was actually the best thing for her. Despite my reluctance and my desire for her to stay so that we could work on our marriage, she was too broken. She needed time and distance to heal. So she took a promotion out East with her employer and has been there for about 3 weeks. Since she left on our trial separation, we have spoken regularly and she honestly seems to be doing better. 
Unfortunately, I’ve already gotten a taste for Toni and the terrible satisfaction that came from doing something so bad. While Rachel was gone doing God knows what, I decided that maybe it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world to continue what I had with Toni. It was something that Toni referred to as my hall pass. While Rachel was away, Toni and I would play. She suggested that it was just sex, but it was getting harder and harder to believe that when I saw how affected she was when she thought I was sleeping with Sarah too. For my part, I was also developing feelings. Of course, neither of us acknowledged our feelings as I was still married to Rachel. So we continued our own illicit affair. 
It was in part because of that affair that I am now heading into the unknown with Sarah. Now Sarah is an odd cookie. On the surface, she comes off as being a bit of a wimp and she acts very mousy. But she has her moments. Underneath that false exterior is a bombshell that would make most men’s mouth water. Also, she has this very interesting voyeuristic streak. The girl likes to watch. On one of the last days that Rachel was here, before she suggested the separation, she came to my office in the middle of the day and we proceeded to make my office our very own love-playground. During our romp, I noticed a solitary eye, watching us…me through my previously closed and locked door. I was suspicious of course but the eye never did anything other than watch as we ascended together and peaked. It was days later when my suspicions were confirmed and I knew that the eye watching me was my assistant, Sarah. 
She and Toni came over to help set up before a weekend bash that I was hosting. I was in the shower and noticed the very same eye watching me. I knew it was her immediately. She had hidden sides, which were both mental and physical. Her small body was extraordinary, as was her natural beauty. When I saw her early that morning, I was shocked by the transformation. 
But nothing shocked me more than when she showed up on my doorstep. She was battered and bruised from the night Chris beat her. I took her in. I took her to the police. I provided her a safe place to stay while she figured out her next move. After cutting the jerk loose and finding a new place to stay, Sarah asked me over because she left some of her things at my house. As I relaxed on her new furniture, she appeared out of the bathroom wearing practically nothing. She nearly stopped my heart. I’ve had glimpses of her body but nothing like what I encountered. My wife, Rachel, is hot. So is Toni. But Sarah wouldn’t loose in that arena against anyone. I was dumbfounded. 
As I tried to regain my ability to speak, Sarah approached me and handed me a video she recorded the night of the party.
The video was taken at my house when I thought everyone had already left. She caught Toni and I in the act of roughly exploring the heights of pleasure. I immediately became defensive. I believed that she was planning on using that video as leverage to blackmail me. To my obvious shock and relief, she had no such designs. She told me that she had taken that video because she liked to watch and that she only showed it to me because she wanted to try her hand at being a little brave and reckless.
As the shock wore off, a new one took its place. She climbed on my lap and after I asked what she was about, she said, “I’m being brave. You know, I’ve only been with Chris and he didn’t deserve me. I’m not going to force you. If you want to leave then you can leave. We’ll both go to work on Monday and it’ll be like it was before. Promise. But if you stay then know that I’m not looking for a fling but I’m also not looking for something permanent. Right now, I just want to try. I want to try to change. I want to try to go after what I want and what I want is you. I want to feel your kiss against my lips. I want to feel your tongue over my body. I want to feel your dick pushing inside me so deeply that I scream. When we’re finished I want you to still respect me and still call me friend. I want to be able to do this again and again. I want you in anyway that I can have you.”
After such a declaration, I couldn’t say no. Perhaps I should’ve. Perhaps I should’ve taken her offer to go back to how things were but I didn’t. I wanted this. I needed to see where things would go. Was I getting myself into an impossible situation? Yes, but I didn’t care…not as much as I should’ve. She has shown such bravery and strength that I was drawn to her in a way that went beyond friendship and beyond our working relationship. I found her intoxicatingly, distractingly and astoundingly attractive both inside and out. I wanted to touch her. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to make love to her. I wanted her.

Now, as she held my hand and I walked behind her, I watched the way her body moved. Her thighs flexed ever so slightly causing her bottom to do the same. I watched her butt move in the lace material of her red tanga panties. It made my mouth water. 
As we got closer to her bedroom, her hand squeezed harder. I could sense her excitement and it doubled my own excitement. I was panting as I felt my blood pressure increase. My teeth were practically chattering and we hadn’t even touched each other. I kept repeating in my mind, “Calm down. Calm down”, but it didn’t help. I was beyond all hope.
We made it to her room and she turned to me. There was such a warm and innocent smile on her face as she said “Welcome!” She pulled me close to her and I had the chance to really feast my eyes on her heavenly shape.
Her hazel eyes were wide. Her cheeks were rosy. Her chest heaved. Her lips were curved upwards in a sweetly seductive smile. I could see down into her cutoff t-shirt and her large breasts filled that shirt to the utmost. Her thighs were rubbing together and I could only imagine what her pussy looked like.
She had me revved up and ready for action. I tensed, ready to pounce on her, but stopped as she placed her hand on my chest.
“J-Jake?” Her voice was heavy with lust but there was an edge to it. I knew that tone. Was she having second thoughts?
“Yes, Sarah?”
“Umm…I’m a bit nervous.”
I smiled. I was happy that she wasn’t having second thoughts. I would’ve hated to leave without tasting her. “That’s understandable.”
She moved a wandering strand of her flaxen locks behind her ear as she placed her face on my chest. I could feel her breath through my shirt as she breathed heavily onto me. Her voice was slightly muffled, “Yeah. See, it’s been…a while. Umm and I’ve only ever been with Chris. So…umm…I-I…umm.”
I knew what she was trying to say. I placed my finger on her chin and forced her to look at me. “I get it. Don’t worry. We can go as slow as you need.”
I watched her swallow as more color came to her cheeks. I took a moment to appreciate her bedroom. A queen size bed on a wooden sleigh frame took up the middle of the room. She had an ornate dresser in the corner that was made of cherry wood. A small bench was seated at the foot of her bed while a comfortable looking chair proudly took up residence in the corner. I could just see the insides of her walk in closet and through the closet was her bathroom. She had decorated in light blues and subtle greens. Despite the smallness of the room, the room felt airy and open.
I felt her body against me as I saw two hazel eyes looking at me for guidance. “J-Jake?”
“Yeah?”
“Like…umm…how do we get started?”
I smiled. “You’ve thought about this before, right?” She nodded. “Okay, good. How about you just relax and do the first thing that you can think of.”
She sighed as her eyes closed. “Okay.” Without an ounce of awkwardness, she tilted her head back and pursed her lips.
Despite her brave step forward, she was shaking. She was just as nervous as I was. She was just as scared. I wasn’t the only one that was stepping into the unknown by pursuing this. But you know what they say…in for a penny, in for a pound. I tilted my head down and drank her in.
My hand was on the small of her back as she pressed herself against me. She moaned as our lips met. The moment was electric. Her soft lips were thinner than mine but that didn’t distract me for long. Soon, her mouth opened and her wet tongue was in my mouth. As our tongues danced, I felt and heard her excitement building and she wasn’t alone. Before, my pulse was racing because I was nervous. Now, my pulse was racing because of pure sexual thirst.
I knew that I could have my way with her. I knew that I could use her anyway that I liked. I could wreck her and move on. We were friends, colleagues and soon we’d be lovers. I didn’t love her. She wasn’t my wife. She wasn’t my girlfriend. Still, I felt that it was my duty to be more than just some dude trying to get his rocks off. She’s never been with a man that treated her right and while it is true that the two of us couldn’t be together in the traditional sense, at this moment we were and I had to make it my mission to show her what it was like when you were with someone that gave half a damn about your satisfaction.
Her hands were wrapped around my waist, but I soon felt them moving from behind my back, passed my hips until they finally dipped down to the front of my pants.
She felt my hardening cock and moaned, “Mmmm!” She’s seen me naked twice and having sex twice. She knew my equipment and what she would be working with. But imagining and seeing it was different from being face-to-face with it. She purred in excitement, as her tongue started moving erratically. 
She was out of breath by the time she peeled her lips away from mine. Once again, her face was on my chest as she gasped for air. “Please. I need it. I have to have it. Please. Please!”
It wasn’t my intention to make her beg but I’d be lying if I said that the sight didn’t turn me on even more. My voice was dark and heavy as I kissed her neck up to her ear. “Help me get out of these clothes.”
She gasped excitedly. Her hands went to the hem of my shirt as she pulled up. I helped her by pulling it the rest of the way over my head. Soon I felt her shaking hands on my belt. She struggled and I could tell that she wasn’t lying about it being a while. Nevertheless, she finally removed the belt and started fumbling with my button. Her face turned red as she grew embarrassed by her clumsiness. I kissed her deeply. “You’re doing fine. Just relax.”
She nodded, “I’ll try.” Finally, she had my pants unbuttoned and I pulled them down along with my briefs. I stood before her completely naked. She took a step back and stared at me. I felt embarrassed by her gaze but I tried not to show it. Finally she spoke. Her voice was light with wonder, “My God! You’re beautiful!”
I smiled as I knelt down before her. As I stood back up I had her in my arms as her legs wrapped around my back. “Thank you. So are you.”
She looked away. “You don’t have to say that.” Her voice was uncharacteristically sour.
I gently sat her on the bed and this time I fell to my knees. I was sandwiched by her thighs and it was a wonderful place to be. “Sarah, I’m not saying it just to try to set the mood. You really are insanely beautiful. I know that you’ve been told otherwise but that was by a guy that couldn’t see the sun for all of his bullshit. You’re incredible. Let me show you what I mean.”
She nodded, “I-if it’s not that good, I’m sorry. I like to watch but I’m a coward when it comes to doing it myself. I don’t think Chris was lying when he said I wasn’t good in bed.”
I chuckled, “I bet you’re better than you think you are.” I tilted my head as I tried to read the sullen expression on her face. “Sarah?”
“Y-yeah?” She was avoiding eye contact. I knew she was thinking about him—about Chris.
“Sarah, I’m going to ask you to do something that is going to be hard for you.”
She looked nervous. “What are you going to ask me to do?”
“Trust me.”
“Trust you?”
“Yep.”
“But I do trust you.”
“I know, but I’m going to ask that you trust me enough to relax and let yourself go. I’m not asking that you miraculously heal from all the years of abuse that you suffered. I’m only asking that while we’re together—at this time—right now, that you let all of those doubts fall away. Let me see you for who you really are. No more hiding. No shying away. Be Sarah Mills and only Sarah Mills. For the time being, just let all that crap go and have fun with me. It doesn’t have to be more than that. I’m not going to judge you no matter what you do or say. I want all of you and I promise that I’ll give you all of me. It’s just for right now. We’ll let the world fall away and we’re just going to be two people together. You’ve shown remarkable braveness just asking me to stay. Lets see this through to the end…together.”
As I spoke I saw a look of wonder come to her face. As if I had opened a door to an unknown yet marvelous place. She considered what I said and let the idea of freeing herself fill her completely. When she looked back at me, there wasn’t an ounce of fear in her eyes. Her hazel eyes seemed to look straight inside of me and they liked what they saw. She smiled and whispered, “Okay.”
The time for talk had concluded. I kissed her lips as I reached for the hem of her cutoff t-shirt. The material was so thin and light that taking it off presented no difficulty. Once freed, her breasts were even more amazing than I thought. I was right. Her breasts were deceptively large and shapely. Her breasts were heavier on the bottom but her upturned pink nipples were long. Her puffy areolae screamed to be kissed and licked. 
Her chest heaved as her hand slipped into her panties and she started rubbing her clit. “Do you like what you see, baby?”
I nodded, “My God! You’re beautiful.”
She chuckled as I threw her own words back at her. “Thief.”
While she slowly rocked on the edge of her bed, I couldn’t wait any longer. Those breasts were calling my name and I had to taste them. I pressed my tongue on her erect nipple and she purred, “Yes!” Reaching forward, she pulled my head closer until my mouth was filled with her breast and my nose was pressed against her chest. “That’s it. Suck that fucking tit, baby. Suck it hard!”
Since I’ve known her, I could probably count on one hand the number of times I’ve heard her swear. Inwardly, I smiled. I guess she was finally letting the beast free. Great! This was going to be fun.
Taking my cue from her, I reached for her other breast as I tweaked her nipple. The harder I pulled and squeezed the more she moaned in pleasure and the faster her hand moved. Soon, I was moving between her breasts, unable to decide which one was the tastiest. I soon settled on the fact that while both breasts represented their own special vintage, they were both just as yummy.
Now that I’ve tasted her breasts, I needed to taste the rest of her. I reached around and scooped her into my arm. She yelped as I half carried/half pushed her up the bed. Once she was at the top of the bed, I climbed on top of her. I saw her pull her panties to the side and caught a glimpse of her beautiful pussy. She spread her legs as if she was expecting me to dive right in.
I clucked my tongue. “Oh no no no. I haven’t nearly had enough of you yet.”
“What?” She looked confused.
“You’ll see.” I leaned over. I kissed her sweet lips once more before slowly climbing down her body. I took the scenic route and visited with her breasts for a while longer before climbing down her stomach. I kissed the waist of her panties and could smell her sex. It smelled amazing. The pheromones were so strong that I thought I would go mad. The red material hardly hid anything from view. She’d trimmed her bush but it was still full. Her clit was prominently displayed, even through the material of the panties. As gently as I could, while still allowing her to feel it, I slid my lips and tongue over her clit as I climbed in between her legs.
I watched her body squirm. I could feel her excitement. She desperately wanted me to rip her panties off and have my way with her. But this was a once in a lifetime opportunity. It was the first time that we would sleep together. A moment like this couldn’t be rushed. It had to be savored and prolonged until neither of us had the wits to stop. Instead of tasting her wickedly arousing pussy, I kissed the inside of her thighs and moved my lips and tongue down her leg. Once I was at her toes, I kissed and nibbled on each one. This seemed to push her even closer to the edge. I jotted that note in the back of my head for later. It may come in handy one day.
I descended the other leg until I was inside of her thighs. Only this time, I placed my lips over her pussy and kissed it long and hard over her panties.
“Fuck! Holy fuck! Yes!” She wrapped her legs around my neck as her body trembled in pleasure. I had to pull her legs apart before I was able to climb back up her body. 
Once I was lying atop her, I kissed her lips deeply. Her juices and the scent of her were on my lips. I couldn’t wait to taste her without the covering. Because I could taste her juices, I knew that she could taste them on my tongue as I boldly plunged it into her mouth. 
When I pulled back she looked like she had become intoxicated. It was sexy as hell.
“Do you taste that?”
She nodded. “Uh huh. It tastes amazing. What is it?”
I smirked, “It’s you.”
“W-what? That’s me?”
I nodded. “Yeah. Do you see how great you taste and that was only a little bit. I’m going to taste everything.”
She blinked in awe. “Everything?”
I nodded, “Everything.”
She paused for but a moment before she wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me to her. After kissing me harder than she has before, we pulled apart and were both panting. “Let me feel it. Let me feel it all. I want to do everything with you. Everything!”
She was glowing. She looked sexier in that moment than at any other time previously. I wanted to take a photo but I couldn’t take my eyes off of her.
“My God! You don’t know what you do to me.”
Now she smirked, “How about you show me?”
“Hell yeah!”
She laughed as I brought my lips down on her neck but within half a second that laugh was replaced by a sweet and intoxicated moan. “Yes!”
I slipped my hands under the waist of her panties and pushed them down as far as I could. When they stopped moving, I (reluctantly) had to release her breasts from my mouth in order to pull them off of her body.
I took a moment to simply appreciate the complicated beauty that was lying before me. Her hair was freed and fanned around her like a halo. Her face was slightly pink as she smirked, likely embarrassed by my attention. Her hands were rubbing her breasts, holding them just the right way to make me want to jump on top of them and use them for my own pleasure. As she exhaled, I saw the taut muscles of her flat stomach. Her trimmed golden bush was delicate and sexy. She splayed her legs, allowing a better view of her slit. Her fat lips were moist and looked like they could use a bit of my attention. Her clit was engorged but still hidden beneath its hood. I couldn’t wait any longer. She looked like a priceless artifact and I just had to know her true worth.
“Do you like it, baby? Do you want to taste it? Go ahead. Put those fat lips on my pussy. Taste that sweet pussy, baby.”
Her filthy mouth was egging me on in its persistence and audacity. I loved it.
I leaned in, ready to enjoy the feast that awaited me. I didn’t need to look to know that Sarah’s eyes were on me. I could feel them just as I could feel my own hunger increasing as I approached this delicacy before me. 
Her outer lips provided little to no resistance to my incessant assault. I rolled my tongue in a wide and slow circle, tasting and testing every surface of her pussy. I watched her closely and listened intently. I noticed that there were some areas that caused her to squeak a little louder and squirm a little more forcibly. I worked these areas a little more as she pulled at me and scratched at my head. Soon, she was moving her hips in a small circle as she panted my name over and over again. 
“Jake! Jake!” Her voice grew husky and I knew she was getting close.
Before I lost too much time, I stuck the tip of my tongue in her entrance. It wasn’t deep. It was in just enough for her to feel my presence but most importantly, I wanted to tease one of her more sensitive areas. There would be time to taste her depths later, but I wanted to save that honor for my swollen cock.
“Oh my God!”
The urgency of her voice grabbed my attention. She was close. She was so close. It was obvious that years of sexual ignorance and selfishness had increased her sensitivity. She’s likely never had a man between her legs before. That thought made me even more excited. I decided to give her a little gift as she reached her peak.
As I continued to tease her entrance, my hand found her clit. As I circled her clit and loosened her entrance with my tongue, she pulled at her nipples. Her eyes were glassed over and she watched in shock as something powerful continued to build inside of her.
“W-what’s happening? Oh no! I-I-I’m scared. I’m scared! Help me Jake…help!”
As she reached her peak and her orgasm hit, she threw her hands to the bed and lifted her body off the bed. She bucked and kicked like a beautiful and wild horse. 
Her high-pitched voice ringed across the apartment. “Oooooooooo! Ugh! Ugh! Oh! Oooooooooo!”
Her orgasm was long, loud, rough and beautiful. I stuck around for the ride and I loved every second of it.
When she finally fell back down, her hands pushed the top of my head and I released her. Once I was no longer between her legs, she rolled on her side and held herself. She was giggling. “Oh my heavens. Oh my God. What the hell was that?”
I crawled up behind her and kissed her shoulder, “That was an orgasm.”
She looked at me. “No, that was something else. I’ve touched myself before. I’ve had an orgasm before. That was categorically different.”
I just shrugged.
“W-we’re not finished are we?”
I kissed her again. “Can you go on?”
She didn’t hesitate. She quickly nodded, “Yes! Please!”
I bit her shoulder and she gasped, pressing her butt into my crotch. “Then we’re not done.”
I pushed her shoulder and she rolled over to her stomach. Kissing down her back, I pulled at her hips and she sat up on all fours. Her round ass was in my face. I sat back and just appreciated what was before me. That was an ass that was built by the Iron Goddess and a ton of squats. It was glorious.
I took a large bite out of her ass and she gasped again. “Mmmm. I liked that!”
“Good! Then you’re going to love this.”
Without waiting for her reply, I splayed her cheeks and dove right in. My tongue was on her rim for less than two seconds before her chest collapsed.
“H-holy hell! Holy fuck!”
I was licking her rim and she loved it. I didn’t mind being a little nasty. Hell, you wouldn’t have minded either if you could’ve seen just how sexy Sarah looked and sounded.
“Oh my God! I can’t…no! Don’t stop! Don’t stop! I’m cumming again.”
I kept assaulting her body and was rewarded moments later.
“Ooohhhhh man! Oh man! I’m there! Holy fuck! Holy fuck!”
The sounds of her moans and curses were the symphony of my heartbeat. They made me feel invincible. I felt alive and was simply buzzing with energy.
She slid on her stomach and as she caught her breath. I pulled at my hard cock.
She turned over, her eyes looking more alive than ever. “I can’t believe you did that to me. Fuck! That felt so good.” She licked her lips when she saw me pulling on my cock. Pushing herself up, she crawled towards the end of the bed, “Mind if I give this a taste?” Before I could answer, she shot her tongue out and licked the tip. I could just barely see a devilish smile on her lips as she did so.
“Mmmm! No. Not at all.”
“Heh! All right then.” She lied on her stomach as she opened her mouth wide. Her eyes met mine and I knew what she wanted me to do. Standing with my legs wide apart, I guided my swollen rod into her mouth. I moved ever so slowly. I watched her intently and her eyes never left mine. I was prepared to stop the moment she looked pained. That moment never came. To my shock—amazement—and deep deep satisfaction, my movement didn’t stop until my hips were pressed against her face. When I felt the back of her mouth, I saw her eyes squint for the briefest of moments before her throat opened up and she accepted all of me.
Her tears flowed down her pretty cheeks. Her breathing was halted. Her throat rhythmically moved around my cock, desperate for more oxygen. However, despite this, her eyes were as calm as the still sea. She wasn’t afraid of me. She wasn’t afraid of what we were doing. She had let the fear roll off of her like raindrops on a waxed car.
As I pulled out of her, I was so struck by her strength and her beauty that I fell to my knees. I needed her. I needed her right then, in that moment, more than I needed anything else in the entire world. So…I kissed her. In that kiss I felt release and liberty. I have experienced love. I’ve experienced a love so deep that I would’ve gladly given my physical heart to make her happy. I’ve experienced lust. I’ve experienced a lust so pure that I’ve felt out of my mind and would’ve gone crazy if not for the touch of another. But this…this was something all together different. It wasn’t lust. It wasn’t love. It was…serene but all consuming. It was calm and simply right. I knew that this was just a moment and when I left her home that my life would revert to what it was before I appeared and before she seduced me. But I didn’t care. It was a temporary kismet (if there is such a thing) and that was just fine.
For the first time since she brought me into her room, my heartbeat slowed. I could feel the steady pounding fall away until it was running at a nondescript pace. I released her lips…or maybe she released mine. I don’t really know. When I looked into her eyes she was smiling.
“How’d I do?”
“Do? What do you mean?”
“How’d I do with taking all of you inside of me?”
“O-oh.” I could feel the heat rushing to my eyes. I was embarrassed. What a silly thing to be feeling in that moment.
Fortunately, she saved me by continuing to speak. “Yeah. Since I saw you, I’ve been practicing. I’d fantasized about you being here…umm…about us being here and I just wanted it to be perfect.”
I kissed her again. “I think this is perfect. You were wonderful.”
“T-thanks.” Her smile was sweet and innocent. It made me hunger even more deeply for her and I didn’t feel an ounce of shame or guilt.
I helped her sit up but before I could move her towards the top of the bed, she reached forward, taking hold of my solid cock. She moaned as she ran her hands up and down it. I moaned as I felt her shear excitement. When her mouth finally moved around it, I felt like I was floating. I couldn’t stop my body from shaking or my eyelids from fluttering. There was something about the way that she touched me that just felt so honest...so right!
I wouldn’t have surprised me if I came right then and there. I was feeling things that I’ve never felt before and I never wanted her to stop. But it wasn’t just about me. She took the first brave step forward, now I had to do something to reciprocate and being selfish in bed wasn’t going to be the right form of compensation.
I touched her shoulder slightly and she whined. “Ohhhh! I really wanted to taste you on my tongue.” She batted her eyelashes as she pouted. It was adorable.
I kissed her lips as we moved up the bed in sync. Once she was on her back and I was between her legs, I pulled back. “Don’t worry. There will definitely be time for that.”
She kissed me swiftly and smiled, “I sure hope so.”
The heat between us was intense. This was the moment. This was our moment. For the briefest of moments, a terrible thought came to mind. I realized that I didn’t have protection. I couldn’t break the mood by asking her for a condom but I sort of had to. I was worried that if I did, I would break the spell between us. I shouldn’t have worried. She must’ve read the expression on my face.
Her eyes were gentle as her hands touched my face. “I have condoms in my nightstand. If you’re more comfortable then we can use them. I know that its reckless but if I’m being honest I really want to feel you…all of you. If you’re okay with me then please, don’t stop. Please.”
I couldn’t breathe. She was so beautiful and open that it stopped my breath. I glanced towards the nightstand and as I did, her hands squeezed down ever so softly but I understood. We’ve come too far to stop and I guess we were both willing to be a bit reckless.
With my mind made up, I stared into her eyes. I felt her relax even further when she saw the look of determination in my eyes.
Her voice was soft but it echoed in my mind. “Come to me”, she said and that was the last thing I heard before my mind and body became lost in a pleasure that was insurmountable.
Her entrance was tight, and she raked her nails across my back. I knew she drew blood but I didn’t care.
She breathed, “Oh God.” It was a quiet whisper, which propelled me forward.
I was just inside of her, touching an enveloping warmth that penetrated my body.
She gasped, “Don’t stop”, as her legs wrapped around my waist.
The pressure was intense, but so was the pleasure.
She cried, “Go deep”, as she pulled me tighter against her body.
I pressed deeper inside of her as the nectar continued to flow making my assault easier to bear.
She moaned, “More please”, as her face was pressed into my neck, her teeth piercing my skin just as I was piercing her.
I felt her walls close around me in an attempt to stop my progress.
She screamed, “Fuck me”, as she slammed her lips against mine.
I was buried inside of her and felt extreme bliss knowing that I was right where I wanted to be.
Nothing was rushed. Honestly, we couldn’t rush. The sensations were too extreme. I moved over her slowly, tasting every corner of her depths and committing the flavors to memory like a connoisseur. Her body moved beneath me as she continued to mumble in my ear.
“I knew it! I knew it would be incredible.”
It was like I was living another life, or maybe like I was on a different world. It wasn’t just sex. Hell, it wasn’t even just great sex! If I were forced to describe it, it would be omnifarious. It was everything. It was up and down. It was left and right. It was creation and destruction. It was love and hate. It was life and death. It was the sun and the moon. It was night and day. It was freedom and captivity. It simply was!
She pushed me back and her face was twisted in pleasure. “Harder! Do me like you did her. Fuck me like you really want to!”
I wasn’t going to ask her if she was sure. She cried out to me her desires so it was up to me to fulfill them.
Pushing myself up to my knees, I grabbed her legs and held them in my arms. Her butt was halfway in the air before I started pounding her. Her bed was shaking from the abuse and soon, so was she.
I placed her legs on the bed and grabbed her waist. “Is this what you wanted?” I grunted. 
She was speechless and could only nodded in open-mouthed consent.
“Are you going to cum?” She nodded frantically. “Tell me you want to cum!”
“P-please! Please! Make me cum. Please make me cum!”
“Who’s going to make you cum, huh? Who are you cumming for?”
“Y-you! Jake…Jacob! I’m cumming for you! Oh…oh God! I ca-can’t…Ooooooooo!”
Her shaking stopped and the convulsions took control. Wrapping her hands over her stomach, like she was holding herself, she scrunched into a little ball and then extended. Over and over again this happened. Of course, I was forced out of her but that was fine. The show was well worth the price of admission.
“O-oh my God! Oh my God! It won’t stop. I-I-I can’t stop cumming!”
The sight of her cumming nonstop was mindboggling. I’ve seen multiple orgasms but this was nothing like that. She looked like she was ascending to the highest peak and then crashing down to earth only to be lifted to that height again and again. It was intoxicatingly arousing.
I watched as she convulsed and moaned, my name on her lips over and over again and I wanted more. I had to have more.
When her orgasms finally ended, she covered her face with her arm and chuckled. “Holy Hell. That was more than I expected. How did you do that?”
I just shrugged, “I don’t think I can take all the credit for that. It was incredible.”
She glanced at my throbbing cock and smiled. “Come here and let me taste myself on you.”
I was dumbfounded…not enough to sit still, mind you. But enough to do a double take. Never has a girl ever asked to suck me off right after I’ve been inside of her. I thought that stuff only happened in porn. Hell, if I was living in a porn like this then I never want to leave!
She sucked me into her mouth and moaned in pleasure. I could see her swallowing down her juices as she licked me clean. It was insanely sexy.
Soon she had me clean and wanting more. “Lie down.” Her voice was soft and sweet but still so commanding. I found myself powerless to resist.
As soon as I was on my back, she was on top of me. Her freshly fucked pussy was resting on my stomach as she pulled at my hands while grabbing for something off of her nightstand. She came back with a long red cloth.
I turned my head to the side. “And…what do you plan on doing with that?”
She smiled, “Do you trust me?”
I didn’t even need to think about it, “Yeah.”
“Great!” Within moments, she had my hands tied down in a knot that even I couldn’t escape from. In the middle of the knot there was enough space for her to place her hand, which she did. She had one hand on my chest while the other one was firmly holding the knot, pressing it on the bed just above my head. My hands and arms were trapped. She looked like she was really enjoying herself and to be honest, so was I.
I’ve only every been tied up a couple of times and that was the super rare occasion when Rachel wanted to be a little more kinky. If kink was on the menu then I was all for it. She reach towards her nightstand and I heard the sound of a lighter flick. She didn’t come back with anything in her hand so I just disregarded it.
“Are you ready?” Her attention was back on me and I loved it.
I nodded, “Do your worst.”
She slowly lowered herself until her pussy was touching my cock.
Before she put me inside of her, I asked, “Where did you learn to tie a knot?”
She smirked, “Hey! I’m from Kentucky. We know what we’re doing down there.”
I just laughed as she slowly inserted my cock back inside of her.
“Ahhhhh!” I couldn’t help but moan. It felt so damn good.
Her lips pulled back in a smug smirk, “You like that pussy, baby?”
I moaned in assent.
“Good boy. That’s a good boy.”
With her hand above my head, her right breast was right above my mouth. I took liberties and happily sucked, licked and nibbled on her exposed flesh.
“Yes! Yes!” Her hair had grown wild from her countless orgasms and now it covered her face in a sort of wild lion’s mane. Her hazel eyes glowed. Her cheeks were flushed. She was breathing heavily. Her hand went from my chest to my face as she held herself up. I could see our bodies connected as she rode me like doing so was going to save her life.
“Do you like that? Huh? Do you like it when I fuck you back?” She sounded mad and joyous all at the same time.
“Yes! I love it! I love it!”
“Good! Take that pussy, you motherfucker! Take all of it!” The ‘good girl’ I knew wasn’t in the room. I was dealing with a woman who was used to suppressing her desires and who constantly controlled her actions. Now that the dam had been open, Sarah was enjoying her newfound freedom and I was fortunate enough to be able to tag along for the ride.
She was breathing heavily, “Ha! Ha!” She continued to call out to me, “I’m fucking you! I’m fucking you! This dick is mine! Whose dick is it?”
I would respond, “It’s yours! It’s your dick!”
“That’s right! My dick! Mine! All mine!” She was fucking me so hard that I thought we would both end up on the floor. I could see her abs flexing as her hips moved faster and faster. Suddenly she released both my hands and my face. She reached for something and before I could wonder what it was, there was a blue candle in her hand.
She sat back to her full height and screamed as I bottomed out inside of her. “Fuck yes!”
She arched her back as she looked at me with a wicked grin. The light of the flickering candle gave her eyes a preternatural glow. She whispered, “I’m going to cum soon. I want you to cum with me.”
I could do nothing more than nod. I was well past my limit. It was only by the graces of the gods that I was able to hold on as long as I did.
“That’s my man.” She pushed out her chest, blew out the candle and raised it high in the air. She looked back down at me, her eyes exuding passion. “This is it. Watch me. Please watch all of me.”
Nodding, I braced myself for what was about to happen.
With my cock jammed deep inside of her and her breasts bare, her nipples erect and ready—she slowly tilted the candle. I watched as blue wax dripped on the center of her chest and continued onward. I felt her pussy squeezing as the wax moved closer and closer to her exposed nipple. The sight was so erotic. Making a half arch, the wax fell perfectly.
Three drops left.
She was crying out in pleasure as her pussy started contracting.
Two drops left.
My body tensed as I held my breath, trying to control my orgasm.
One drop left.
Our eyes met, both knew that this would be the end or perhaps the beginning of the most powerful orgasms of our lives.
Now!
When the wax fell on her nipple she screamed, “Ah!” I was certain that the sound could be heard from the street, of course I don’t know which of us was louder. 
I bellowed, “Sarah!” As I exhaled, releasing what felt like a lifetime of suppressed feelings.
My eyes remained opened, so I saw when she threw the candle across the room, blue wax arching in the air like a final goodbye. Her hands fell to my stomach as her entire body glowed. I felt the multiple waves of convulsions gripping and massaging my cock only in passing. I was too distracted by what was happening to me. At the edges of my vision, I saw colors that I don’t think any human has ever witnessed. I felt like my soul was pulled from my body, showered in heavenly light and then forced back in. I was flying and the only thing anchoring me down to earth was the weight of this blonde bombshell seated atop me. My entire body went numb and then caught fire and then went numb again. I felt my heels tremor…my heels! I mean, how is that possible? I never thought that in a million years I would ever experience an orgasm as deep and powerful as this one but I did and it exhausted me beyond belief.
When Sarah collapsed on top of me, neither of us was able to move. We lied in place while the world outside revolved around us, uncaring of what was happening beyond these walls. Her breathing was raspy, mine was worse. Her body was sweaty, mine was sweatier. I closed my eyes and quickly drifted to sleep. The last thing that I remember was the smell of freshly fallen rain. The window was open and I heard the tap tap tapping of rain outside. It was the perfect lullaby to our lovemaking. It was all so perfect.

Hours went by and I was woken by the smell of cheese and pepperoni. I opened my eyes and noticed that while I was no longer tied up, I was still quite naked. Sarah looked down at me with a pizza in one hand and a couple of beers in the other. She was wearing my t-shirt and from this vantage, I could see that she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. 
She must’ve read the look on my face because she chuckled. “How about dinner and a drink before we go another round?”
I sat up and stretched, my muscles were tight. “Sounds good. Could we also add a shower to that list?”
She kissed my check and giggled, “Whatever you say, boss.”
She winked at me as she twirled. There was something insanely attractive about her and I knew right then that whether I wanted it or not, I was already addicted to this woman named Sarah.
After a romp in the shower and another on her living room couch, I needed to head home.
She walked me to the door in nothing but the cutoff t-shirt she was wearing earlier. I was tempted to take her again and I knew that was what she was going for but even I have my limits. If I didn’t leave at that moment then I knew that I would have sex with her until neither of us could move. I hated to run but it was the only way, besides, I had a chance to look at my phone and while I had 3 missed calls from Rachel, there were 6 missed calls from Toni along with 10 unanswered texts from Toni. The last of which she made mention that Sarah was also not answering her texts and that Toni was suspicious. I knew that despite her plans with her friends, if she really got worried then she would head over to my house and upon not finding me there, she would come here. If she came here then things would quickly spin out of hand.
I kissed Sarah, “Thank you for today. I had a wonderful time.”
She kissed me back, “I should be thanking you. This was the most incredible day of my life. I’m so happy that you and I…umm…well you know.”
Her awkwardness somehow amused me. “You mean when you ‘fucked’ me?”
Her face turned bright red and I laughed. She swatted at me as her country accent came out. “Bully!”
I caught her hand and held her close. “Today really was amazing.” I held her stare as I saw her eyes soften.
“Y-yeah.” She averted her eyes and refused to look back at me. I kissed her cheek and then I headed home.
Once I made it home the very first thing I did was jump in the shower. It was a good thing to because after coming out of the shower and placing a quick call to Rachel, Toni showed up with two of her girlfriends. All three were hammered.
“T-Toni?”
She sloshed into my house with two of her friends, both attractive and all three were half dressed.
She introduced them as Tonya and Sofi. Tonya was apparently a model originally from Chechnya. Sofi was Venezuelan by way of Brooklyn and is a pastry chef in one of the upscale restaurants downtown. 
“What are you doing here?”
Toni waved her hand in the air like she was accusing me of something. “What’s your problem, huh? A sister can’t come stay with her bro?” She turned to her friends and laughed. Pointing her thumb at me, she drunkenly quipped, “See what I did? I’m his sister-in-law and I said sister. You know like a sista. Heh!”
I don’t know if they got her joke or if they were just hammered but they all started laughing.
After the moment of unjustified merriment, I asked again. “Why are you here Toni?”
She waddled over towards me, using the wall to keep her balance. “Shh! Shh! Hey, listen. Can you like pay the taxi guy? We don’t have any cash.”
I rolled my eyes but nodded. I guess it is better that she took a taxi considering how wasted she was. If I had to pay the bill to keep her safe then I guess it’s worth it. I nodded and she patted my cheek.
“You’re such a good guy!” Turning to her friends she waved, “Come on girls! Lets see what’s in the fridge.”
Still rolling my eyes, I grabbed my wallet and headed out the front door. After settling up with the taxi driver, I went to go see what became of my drunken houseguests. I found them on the patio in the backyard, Sofi was showing them how she could do a handstand, much to the delight of her friends.
When I stepped out on the patio, Toni rushed towards me, her face touching mine.
I stepped back, “T-Toni? What are you doing?”
She crossed her arms. “I’m mad at you!”
“Me? Why?”
“Get him Toni!” That was Tonya, her accent emphasizing the “I” in Toni.
Toni took this encouragement and ran with it. “I called you over and over and texted you but you just ignored me. That’s a dick move!”
Now Sofi joined in, “Yeah, a dick move!”
They all giggled.
“I’m sorry, Toni. I just had a busy day and I left my phone here.”
She squinted her eyes at me. “Were you with another woman?”
“No. I was just out and about. I don’t get a lot of time to get things done, even less this past week with everything that happened, so I had to make a day out of it.”
“Hmm. Well, you don’t smell like another woman, but…” She looked over her shoulder as Sofi and Tonya stood up and nodded. “…There’s only one way to know for certain.”
Suddenly, Toni, Sofi and Tonya launched themselves towards me, knocking me back against the sliding door. All I could smell was booze, hairspray and perfume as all three of them pulled at my clothes.
“S-stop! Stop it!” But no one was listening. Toni grabbed my belt while Tonya and Sofi held my arms. I could’ve broken free but not without hurting them. Soon my pants were on the ground, which was quickly followed up by my underwear. Standing there, the only light provided by my kitchen behind me and the full moon in the sky, my cock was out for the world to see.
“The only way to know for sure is to smell this!” Toni’s hand went to my cock as she fell to her knees. Despite my embarrassment, my cock did what my cock does. It grew hard. Toni gasped, “Well someone is happy to see me!”
She kissed the tip of my cock before sucking it into her mouth. “Oh God!” I moaned.
Both Tonya and Sofi had released me by this point and both were staring at Toni. Even in the moonlight, her eyes shimmered with lust as she engulfed my rock hard cock.
Sofi was the first to kneel down as she pulled Toni’s face off of my cock and to her lips. Then Tonya knelt down, “Mmmm! Share won’t you?” Before Toni could respond, she had already sucked my cock into her mouth. This girl wasn’t afraid of a little dark meat. She took charge and dove straight in. Soon, I felt all three sets of lips on my cock. They were sucking, kissing and licking me all the while they were moaning like it was a sweet treat. It came to no surprise when I came. My cum sprayed on each of them, but mostly landed on Sofi. They took turns licking it off of each other.
I looked up at the moon, silently blaming it for the position I found myself in. Three hot women just sucked me off, it had to be the full moon what else could it be? Without giving me an answer, Toni took the two girls by the hand and led them into the house and up the stairs. After, pulling my pants back up and shutting off the lights, I followed.
I found the three of them completely naked, their limbs intertwined on the guest bed. Sofi’s eyes were closed and her head pushed back as Tonya’s face was pressed between her legs. Toni was next to Sofi, kissing her as Sofi’s hands were pulling at Toni’s breasts. All the while, Toni’s hands were steadily and rhythmically going in and out of Tonya’s pussy. None of them noticed me and I got the distinct impression that none of them really wanted me involved. This was obviously something that they did together and what happened downstairs was probably a one-off.
I quietly shut the door and left them to their own sensual devices. The sounds of women giggling and moaning followed me down the hall into my bedroom.

“Is he awake?” Her accent was heavy—Tonya.
“I don’t think so.” There was a slight tilt to her voice—Sofi.
“Then lets do this before he wakes up.” I would know that voice anywhere—Toni.
I felt lips and tongues on my nipples as a pair of succulent lips wrapped around my member. I opened my eyes with a moan. Tonya was on my left. Toni was on my right. Sofi was between my legs.
“W-what’s going on?” As I spoke, Sofi pulled me into her mouth. The vacuum she created was simply astounding.
“Good morning, Jacob.” Toni smiled.
“Yes, good morning Mr. Jacob.” Tonya mimicked.
I looked at Toni, just as Sofi pulled me out of her mouth. I only noticed then that all three women were naked. Maybe last night wasn’t a one-off.
While Tonya went back to kissing my chest and stomach. I felt Sofi shifting between my legs. Toni watched in rapt lust. Her voice came out hoarse from that lust, “Yes. Let me see it. Let me watch you fuck him.”
She was talking to Sofi. I looked down just in time to watch her descend on my swollen cock. Her face twisted as she came a little from just inserting me. This must’ve excited Toni because she crawled on top of me, setting her pussy on me face. I could only imagine that the other sounds I heard were of her kissing Sofi. She pressed down on my face and shook her hips. It was obvious what she wanted.
I started eating her delicious pussy while another woman (whose last name I didn’t even know) straddled me and rode me well. While still being unable to see, I felt someone pulling my left hand and turning it at the wrist. Soon, I felt Tonya’s wet folds dancing on my fingertips. She was breathing heavily and squeaked when I started to fingerbang her.
This continued for several minutes and in that time, Tonya’s pussy got wetter and wetter. The squelching sound it made and the warmth it exuded were astounding. Also, Sofi started riding me harder and faster. I didn’t know what else Toni was doing but it was obvious that she was helping Sofi along, because soon Sofi screamed, “¡Díos mio!”
I felt her convulse before she pulled herself off of me. As soon as she was finished, I felt her body fall down on the bed beside me. I could hear her breathing in my ear as she kissed my neck.
Suddenly, the warm pussy dancing on my fingertips disappeared. I only had to wonder for a moment where it went because I felt her wetness press down on my cock. Now an entirely different dance took over. Tonya was rougher whereas Sofi’s movements were smoother but that roughness was tantalizing in its own right. Sofi disappeared from beside me and I suddenly heard Tonya moan, “My ass. Lick my ass!” And soon, she too, had expended herself.
Now that her two compatriots had their turn, Toni finally lifted herself off of me, and took her position on my cock. As Toni watched me with a wicked smile on her lips and passion in her eyes, her friends took that opportunity to each place one of her large breasts into their mouths. The combined work of my cock and two beautiful women sucking on her tits did Toni in and she collapsed after a particularly loud orgasm. “Fucking shit! Fuck! Fuck! Ahhhh! Fuck!”
Once all three girls were finished, Toni climbed off of me and crawled between my legs where the three of them, once again gave me head. After having a night to recharge, I came more than I did the night before but none of them shied away. They cleaned me and then each other up and then left like it was the most natural thing in the world.
Now, alone in my bed, I just stared up at the ceiling. That was without question the most messed up and awesome way that I’ve ever been woken before. I thanked the gods once more and then got up and got in the shower. After a very long shower and getting dressed, I headed downstairs to make breakfast. However, once I got down there, I saw Toni at the door waving goodbye as her two friends climbed into a waiting cab.
She closed the door and turned to me. “Good morning.”
I laughed, “Uh, yeah. Good morning.”
“Did you sleep well?”
“I did…umm…you?”
She stretched her arms out. “Very well! Thanks!” She headed into the kitchen so I followed her.
She started rummaging through my fridge looking for something to eat. I couldn’t take the silence and I just had to know. “So what was that all about?”
She poked her head out of the door and looked at me. Rather nonchalantly, she asked “What? The girls?”
“Yeah! The girls. I mean the whole thing. The girls. The blowjob. The action in the guest bedroom. The sex this morning…everything!”
Closing the fridge, she walked over to where I was seated and stood next to me. I looked into her brown eyes and wondered what devilry was cooking underneath. “Well, yesterday I went out with my girlfriends, Tonya and Sofi. We went to see a movie and then we went out dancing. Sofi got jealous when I wouldn’t stop talking about you and Tonya got annoyed when I wouldn’t stop calling and texting you—so, I brought them over to meet you.”
I was taken aback, “J-just like that?”
She shook her head, “Well, like I said, you didn’t respond so I wanted to make sure that you weren’t with some other woman. Beside, they made me spill the beans about you weeks ago. I can’t keep anything from those girls.”
“So your friends know that we hooked up?”
“Just those two. I haven’t told anybody else and I can trust them to keep their mouths shut about it. Anyway, we got to drinking and one thing led to another. When Tonya and Sofi saw you they told me that they thought you were hot and asked if I wouldn’t mind sharing. I told you that I wanted to do a threesome anyway so I figured why not add another hot friend, right?”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, “Toni, that’s insane.”
Now she was serious. “It’s not insane, Jacob. I told you that no one would let you do the things that I will let you do. I had to prove that to you. Do you know anyone who would watch while you fuck two of her best friends and then let you cum all over her? No. There’s no way you do. But I will. I’ll show you things that you could only imagine in your wildest dream and all that I ask is that you don’t go sleeping around with anyone else when I’m not around.”
“So you just let your friends have me and you’re okay with it?”
“It was a one time thing. Besides, it wasn’t the first time the three of us got together and things turned frisky. I figured you’d enjoy the spectacle. You did enjoy it, didn’t you?”
I nodded. 
“Good! So we’re clear? No sex with anyone but me while your hall pass is in effect. Got it?”
“I hear you.” I couldn’t promise that I would obey that request especially after the day that I had with Sarah yesterday. Something was initiated yesterday and I don’t think that there is anyway to put that puppy to bed. Fortunately, Toni was too distracted to notice that I didn’t say yes.

I sat in my car, staring at the entrance to my building. I felt nervous. Was she there? Would things be awkward? Has she told anyone? The list went on and on. But I wasn’t going to get anything figured out by just sitting here so I decided to be as brave as I could be.
Once I stepped inside I could hear the quiet murmurs of people wishing the weekend lasted just one more day but I didn’t see a trace of Sarah. I let out a tense sigh and headed to the elevator. Once I was on my floor, I took a tentative step out of the elevator and towards my office.
“Good morning, Jake. Here’s your coffee.” Sarah, or at least someone that looked remarkably similar to Sarah only without the baggy clothes and lanky hair, was smiling at me as she held out a hot cup of coffee.
“S-Sarah!” I couldn’t keep the shock from my voice.
Sarah was actually wearing an outfit that not only fit but also showcased her fantastic figure. The multihued blouse and dark eyeliner accentuated her stunning hazel eyes. A tight A-line skirt of subdued honey-color made her look both sensual and professional. Her blonde hair was half up as a pair of eyeglasses dangled from the opening of her shirt, giving me just the slightest peek at her cleavage.
She looked at me and down at herself and then back to me. There was an embarrassed smirk on her face as she said, “Pretty different, huh?”
I took the coffee and nodded, “Yeah. I’ll say.”
“I-it doesn’t look silly does it?”
“God no! You look amazing!”
She breathed a sigh of relief and continued, “Good. I was so worried about it that I changed about 20 times this morning.”
“Well, I think you did good. I mean…Wow! Seriously.”
“Thanks, Jake.” She smiled at me so brightly that I was nearly blinded. The metamorphosis that took place in her style of dress seemed to be the outward display of her internal changes. Since I’ve known her, Sarah has always been a bit mousy and one who fades into the background. I couldn’t say that now. She stood out…and it was a beautiful thing.
Neither of us made mention of what happened in her apartment on Saturday. We didn’t need to. Every moment was trapped in my mind. I was sure the same could be said about her. Instead, we discussed the plans for the day and then went over the calendar for the week. Things were more normal than even I expected and I was grateful for that.
As we made it through our day, I constantly saw people doing double and triple-takes at Sarah. Even Toni came to me and told me how amazing Sarah looked today.
From the set of her shoulders and the look on her face, I knew that Sarah noticed the added attention. I didn’t know if she liked it or if it was a bother to her. Nonetheless, she didn’t complain. Our office had a new stunner. I guess she’d just need to get used to the attention.
It was just after 2 o’clock when I got a phone call. “Hey babe!” Rachel’s voice came through the phone filled with enthusiasm and love.
I tried to match her emotions. “Hey sweetie! I’m happy to hear from you.”
“Yeah? I’m glad. I’m sorry that we kept missing each other last weekend. What did you do?”
Her question was innocent and I didn’t hear even a trace of jealousy. It wouldn’t have mattered if I did. I knew what I was doing before I did it. I had already made the decision to cross that line and looking back, I don’t regret it. “Umm, not much. I just had a bunch of errands to run and then I just sort of collapsed.”
“Yeah. Your new job must be pretty time consuming. Huh?”
“Yeah, it’s a lot more work than when I was a junior associate. So what’s up?”
“Oh me? Nothing. I just missed you so I thought I would give you a call. But I’m not going to keep you long. I know you have a lot to do. Call me tonight though, okay? I’d love to see you.”
“Of course, babe. I’ll call you later. Love you.”
“Love you, too! Bye!”
When I hung up the phone I glanced at the wedding ring that was still on my finger. A month ago, I couldn’t lie to save my life. Now I was carrying on two illicit affairs and could lie with the best of them. I thought about Sarah’s metamorphosis and realized that I had undergone one of my own and it was time that I embraced the man that I had become. This went beyond the initial indiscretion of sleeping with Toni. The fact was that after finding out about the affair nothing in my life has been the same. I remember Toni initially trying to convince me to sleep with her by saying that I needed to change—that I needed to be a bad boy. I guess she got what she wanted—we both did.
I was still angry with Rachel for having the affair but I wasn’t torn up by it. How could I be? With every single indiscretion, I allowed the man I was before and his accompanying soft-heartedness to fade. It wasn’t that I became a cold-hearted bastard; it was simply that I refused to be ruled by the pains of the past. Every kiss—every caress—every moment of pleasure helped me realize a sense of freedom that I haven’t had since before I met Rachel. I hate to admit it but I sort of get what Rachel was thinking when she started her affair. It wasn’t that she loved me any less, hell, it wasn’t even about me to begin with. It was all about her just like this is all about me. I loved the multitude of feelings that I felt when I was locked in the taboo embrace of Toni or Sarah. I loved the excitement and the taste of it all. I felt like I found a deeper layer of myself. It wasn’t dark and sinister. Perhaps, it was selfish and I could no longer claim to be the saint that I thought I was before it all happened, but that’s okay. Until Rachel and I figure out where this marriage is headed, and while she’s away working on herself, I was going to explore my own approach to self-healing. I wasn’t going to feel bad about it. I remembered the way that she was to me and how hateful she was towards me as she fell in bed with another. I didn’t plan on doing that to her but I also wasn’t going to sit here and wait by the phone for her to shower me with her attention like a love-sick puppy. With time, people and relationships change—that’s natural. I wouldn’t fight that change. I would embrace it. In doing so, I hoped to discover a better a better future and me. I didn’t think that ‘the grass was greener’, I just figured that I would work on rebuilding my home’s foundation before I concerned myself with the state of the lawn.

It was just after 6 o’clock when I made it to Amara’s office.
As I rushed in, she met me in the waiting area. “Sorry! Things were crazy at work and I left later than I wanted to.”
Her chocolate skin was as warm as her smile as she reached out and grabbed my hand. “No worries. I’m glad you made it.” She ushered me into her office, her fingers interwoven with mine.
I was always struck by her attractiveness. Her beauty was subdued and other than a few glances here or there, she didn’t flaunt her sexuality. Nevertheless, it was impossible not to be taken in by that bright smile, intelligent eyes, gorgeous skin and banging body. Amara was a rare beauty; there were no two ways about it.
“So, what are we going to talk about tonight, Amara?”
As she settled into her chair, she crossed her left knee over her right, the material of her yellow skirt stretching to accommodate her generous curves. As she plucked her glasses from the middle of her partially unbuttoned white blouse, she affixed me with a sweet smile. “How about you just tell me what’s been going on lately. The last I heard, you were helping out a colleague. How did that turn out?”
“Oh! You mean Sarah. Umm, well things were rocky. You know that her ex-fiancé beat her and so I let her stay at my place while she found another place to live. It was pretty awkward when Rachel came home to surprise me and saw Sarah and I in the kitchen talking but that mess got cleared up right away. After Rachel left, Sarah stayed the week and eventually found a place to stay. She moved out last Friday so I have the place all to myself again.”
“And is Rachel aware that this other woman was living with you while she was away?”
“Yeah, she knew. She also knows that she’s gone now.”
“Is she okay with that?”
“Given the circumstances, I guess she is.”
“Hmm.”
“What?”
“Well, I just have to wonder why Sarah decided to stay with you.”
“We talked about this. She didn’t have any friends.”
“I get that and I understand her staying with you for the first night. But after the shock wore off, she could’ve gotten a hotel room and holed up there. So why did she feel safe enough to stay with you.” She had that old spark in her eyes. I knew that her question was a challenge. She knew more than what she was telling and was challenging me to either tell her the truth or maybe lie to her.
I decided to tell her the truth. “Well, as it turns out, she had a crush on me.”
She sat down her notepad. “Had?”
I reached for the water. “Yeah. She confessed to me when I saw her last weekend.”
“And why did you see her?”
“She needed some help moving the last of her things into her apartment.”
“And you felt obligated to help her?”
I shrugged, “Well, I wasn’t really doing anything and thought the distraction would be nice.”
“And was it?”
“Was what?”
“The distraction…was it nice?” There was a flicker of a smirk on her lips as she said those words. It was hard not to believe that she knew but even her powers of observation were limited. She may have suspected it but I wasn’t about to show her all of my cards.
After over a month of seeing her, I felt just as confused about her as I did when things first started. I had to admit that she was a wiz when it came to her insights about me and my character, but I knew absolutely nothing about her other than the fact that she preferred to be called Amara as opposed to Dr. Jeffries and that she liked to play mind games. Was she attracted to me? I had no idea, but I was beginning to think that I could find a way to figure it all out. I just had to tell one little white lie and see where things ended up.
I started by ignoring her previous question (so that I wouldn’t fall into her trap) and instead I spun a tale about how Rachel and I talked today and how things seemed to be going downhill. I told her that we got into another argument and that I didn’t know if or when I would see her again.
As you would expect, Amara was extremely compassionate as she suggested we explore my feelings further. Fortunately, before I could get in too deep, our time was up. Knowing what I had to do next, I delighted when I reached out to her and pulled her into a quick hug before I left. As I pulled back I could see the shock on her face. She had always been the one coming on to me or teasing me in little ways but I figured that two could play this game and in three more days I would know if she took the bait.
Once I made it back home I placed a video call to Rachel. Despite her earlier request, the moment she picked up the call I could see the frustration and stress on her face.
She sighed, “Hey babe.”
Gone was the previous excitement as it was replaced by a tired and anxious expression. “Hey. What’s wrong?”
She was still wearing her glasses and her hair was in a tight ponytail. I saw an open bottle of wine on the table next to her as she reached for a half empty glass. After taking a deep gulp she frowned, “Today was just one of those days that makes a person question her sanity, you know?”
“What happened?”
She rolled her head in a small circle, trying to release the stress. It didn’t work. “Honestly, everything bad that could’ve happened, happened. I got notification that the three employees I fired are suing us so I’ve been dealing with that for part of the day. The head of HR wants a detailed report on her desk in the morning so I’m dealing with that. I had 6 people simply not show up. Our systems were down and I just got back because our alarm went off so the cops were there thinking that someone was trying to break in afterhours. It’s just been a shitty day.”
“Wow. Yeah, it sounds rough, babe. I’m sorry. Are you worried about the lawsuit?”
She shook her head. “No. I followed all the protocols and I already informed the higher ups what was going to happen before it happened. It’s just a pain in the ass. It’s like come on…just shut up and take your unemployment! Honestly, they think they can get more out of us as employers and it’s just not going to happen. I have half a mind to suggest that we push back on any unemployment claims for them. But I don’t know. I don’t want to be petty.”
“I got you babe. Well just be careful. You never know what people like that will do.”
“Yeah, I’ll try. So how was your day?”
“Busy but I’m glad it’s over. I just got back from my session with Amara.”
Her eyes grew large and she asked, “Amara? You’re still seeing her?”
I loosened my tie. “Yeah. I thought you knew that.”
“B-but why?”
“We’re still dealing with our marriage stuff. Why wouldn’t I see her?”
“Well what does she talk about?”
“Us mostly. She just wants to make sure that I’m working on me, just like you’re working on you.”
“Working on you? What do you mean? I thought you were good.”
“I’m not good, Rachel. I mean, I’m better but I wouldn’t say that I’m good.”
“Well…I just don’t think you need to see her.”
I sat my phone on the table as I slid my tie through my collar. “Why are you being so weird about this?”
“I’m not being weird!”
“You’re being weird.”
“I-I just don’t think that you need to see her that’s all. We can work on us together.”
“We can’t work on us while you’re a thousand miles away. I think that us talking more is a good thing but that wasn’t all that comprised our issues. You need space so that you can work on yourself and that’s fine. Why is it so odd that I’m doing the same thing?”
She bit her lip. I knew she was thinking something and it was beyond obvious that she was holding something back but I didn’t know what it was. “Umm, never mind. I guess you have a point. I’m just feeling insecure because I’m so far away from you. I wish I could see you and hold you. One and a half days was not enough.”
“Well, how about I come out there and see you?”
“Really!” Her eyes lit up like she was the sky during a Fourth of July extravaganza.
I laughed, “Yeah. Really. I could take some time off next Friday and fly out. We can make a long weekend out of it.”
“Oh my God! That would be like totally awesome! Really? Are you sure that you won’t get into any trouble?”
“I’m sure. I have the time saved up anyway. Besides, it would be nice to be your arm candy for a bit.”
“Oh my God! Oh my God! I’ve got to plan. We’re going to do so much stuff! I can’t wait! Oh, I love you so much! I do! I do!”
“I love you, too.”
After that she practically rushed me off the phone so that she could finish her report and start planning for my visit, which was a week and a half away.

I was just sitting down to dinner when I got a text from Sarah.

Hey Jake!
Hey. What’s up?
Have you eaten yet? I was thinking you could come by.
What did you have in mind?
I have this new movie I wanted to show you. I was thinking dinner and a movie. Are you down?
Yeah. Why not? I’ll be there in 20.
Great. See you soon!

I looked down at my plate and sighed, “Well, maybe next time.”
I was changed and heading out of the door when I heard a knocking sound. I headed to the front of the house and lo and behold, a gorgeous and thick woman with a heart-shaped face and eyes as dark and sweet as milk chocolate was standing there.
“Hey bro.” Toni smiled as she held up a bottle of rosé. “I just thought I would stop by and see how you’re doing.” She looked at me dressed with shoes on and frowned, “Are you going somewhere?”
“Umm, yeah. I was heading over to see Sarah.”
Suddenly her eyes filled with rage and jealousy. “Sarah? Why the fuck are you going over there?” With how sweet she is I’d forgotten about how insane she could get when she was upset.
I almost told her to calm down, but as she stood there, holding a bottle of wine by the mouth like a club, her arms and legs tense, her breath coming out as if she were a fire-breathing dragon, and her left eye twitching…I quickly retracted those words. Instead, I calmly took a step back with my arms up before me and said, “She was having a hard time after everything that happened and asked if I wouldn’t mind just stopping by for a quick bite to eat. She’s worried that Chris might’ve figured out where she’s staying, plus some of her neighbors make her nervous. She just wants me to show up for a bit.”
At the mention of Sarah’s previous incident, Toni’s rage quickly dispelled. “Oh! Well, I guess that’s not too bad.”
“Yeah. So don’t hurt me, all right?”
She chuckled, “Don’t put your dick where it doesn’t belong and I won’t have to hurt you.”
Just to be safe, I took to the bottle of wine from her hand and sat it on the bench by the door.
“So you do know that I’m coming too, right?”
I was confused, “Why?”
“What do you mean? You saw her today. I’m not about to let you go over to her place at night all by yourself. She could be plotting something.”
I looked at her in jest, “Sarah? Really? You think she’s plotting something?”
“Hey! I told you before, there’s no such thing as a ‘good girl’. I don’t trust her and I trust you even less! So yes! I’m coming too!”
Knowing when I was defeated, I obediently nodded and ushered her through the house into the garage. As she climbed into my passenger’s seat I called out, “Oh! You know what? I’m going to go get that wine. I think it’ll be nice to come with a gift.”
She crossed her arms and pouted, “Bring your own wine. I brought that for just the two of us. I’m not sharing.”
“Okay. Okay.” As I closed the door leading to the garage, I pulled out my phone and sent a quick text to Sarah.

Hey! Change of plans. Toni showed up and wants to come over. Act surprised.

Her response only took a moment.

Roger that! Thanks for the heads up.

Now that that was done, I grabbed the first bottle of wine that I saw and headed out to the garage. As we drove towards Sarah’s apartment, Toni regaled me with a story about her friends, Tonya and Sofi. Apparently, they met around 6 years ago. That was around the time that Tonya immigrated to the U.S. and Sofi moved from Brooklyn to Chicago to pursue her dream of being a chef. The three of them talked about living together but Toni liked her privacy and Sofi and Tonya couldn’t be together for more than a day before they would be at each other’s throats. I asked about the sex thing and Toni shrugged it off, saying that while she prefers men, Sofi and Tonya are too attractive to leave alone. I desperately wanted more information; unfortunately we had already arrived at Sarah’s complex.
After being buzzed in, Toni and I took the stairs to the second floor. We were greeted by Sarah’s ‘surprised’ expression when she laid eyes on Toni. Sarah was dressed down. She only had on a pair of dark tights and a loose fitting t-shirt. Still, she looked lovely in a relaxed-barefoot-at-home kind of way.
“Oh my! I didn’t know you were going to be here, too.” She smiled friendly and pulled Toni into a hug. Once separated she asked, “Were you having a little one-on-one time with your brother-in-law?”
The question caught Toni off guard. Of course, she didn’t know that Sarah had already found out about her and I so she scrambled to come up with a reasonable answer. “Umm, yeah. Well, I was in the neighborhood and thought I would take him out to dinner. You know to thank him for always putting up with me.”
I could tell that Sarah didn’t believe her but she played it off well. Her face was bright and open as she welcomed us in. “Please come in. Well that’s so nice of you, Toni. I’m sure that he would’ve appreciated it. Sorry that I butted in. I didn’t mean to.”
Shaking her head, Toni stepped into the comfortable apartment. Setting her purse on the table she whistled. “Wow! This place looks great.”
Sarah took the wine from my hand. “Thanks.”
Walking around the living room, Toni continued, “And don’t worry about it. You didn’t butt in. Things must be tense for you right now. I don’t blame you for asking Jacob to come by and scare away any creepers.”
As she headed towards the balcony to get a better view of the surrounding area, Sarah leaned in and whispered, “Is that what you told her?”
I nodded. “Yeah. I had to tell her something. I told her you thought that Chris might know where you live and that some of your neighbors were suspicious.”
“I see. Well, I guess that’ll have to work.”
By then Toni had returned. “I really like this place. It looks so much better with all of your new furniture and stuff. Show me around!”
I followed the two of them and pretended like I was seeing this place for the first time.
“Jacob, have you been here before?” Toni’s eyes were damning and daring.
I nodded. “I had to drop off her suitcases but that’s it. I haven’t seen more than the front door.” The lie came easily. As I spoke, I saw Toni’s shoulders relax and her face became less tense.
Sarah happily chirped, “I never really thanked you for that, did I?” Toni’s attention was on the recently updated bathroom, so while she wasn’t looking, Sarah smirked at me and then pushed out her bottom and waved it teasingly in my direction. I bit my lip so that I didn’t pounce on her right then.
“Nice bathroom! Show me the rest!”
“Sure!”
Coming out of the bathroom, Sarah directed Toni down the hall towards the spare bedroom. I was in the way so I pressed myself against the wall. Toni walked by first, closely followed by Sarah. As she passed me, Sarah reached out her hand and slid it over my equipment. I smiled.
So it’s going to be one of those nights, huh?
This was a side of Sarah that I didn’t know existed. She was playing a dangerous yet exciting game. But two could play that game. Lets see who could out tempt whom.
In the bedroom, Sarah playfully pulled Toni on the bed while “accidently” pulling down her shirt so that a good portion of her breasts were on display, while her and Toni rolled on the bed.
In the master bathroom, I reached to open the door to the steam shower and “accidently” grazed Sarah’s chest.
While showing Toni the walk-in closet, Sarah “accidently” fell back as she lost her balance trying to pull a pair of brand new pumps off the top shelf. Of course, she fell back into me, her bottom landing perfectly on my equipment as I caught her before she fell to the ground.
This teasing continued, under Toni’s nose until the food arrived. The three of us sat around Sarah’s small dining table and shared several dishes of Chinese food. It was difficult to concentrate enough to hold the chopsticks because I felt the constant presence of Sarah’s bare foot on my leg, rubbing up and down, climbing higher and higher until her foot was right between my thighs. She was slowly massaging my hardening cock with her foot, while carrying on an in-depth conversation with Toni about the best spas in the area. I had to admit my defeat. Sarah had guts, that’s for sure. I couldn’t have done what she was doing without any noticeable effect on her character.
But then I took a closer look across the table. Around the ridge of the low-cut neckline of her t-shirt, I saw small blush marks appear on her chest. Perhaps she was affected after all.
However, I had to put a stop to this before we got caught. Toni isn’t stupid. She would eventually catch on. I knew that she sensed something was off by the obvious looks she would throw at me as she discussed spas with Sarah. I finished eating and put my plate in the sink and then went and sat on the couch, while the two of them continued their conversation.
After dinner, Toni and I excused ourselves. Before we left, Sarah gave each of us a hug. As she hugged me she whispered, “Come back tomorrow night. I want to show you something.” Pushing me back she held onto my arms and said, loud enough for Toni to hear, “Thanks for coming by. I don’t feel anxious anymore.”
She waved us goodbye and we climbed in my car and left.
We were literally around the corner when Toni pulled at my arm. “Pull over, now.”
Her tone left no room for questioning. I pulled over into the nearly empty and dark parking lot. As I placed the car in park, I glanced at her. “What’s up?”
She unbuckled her seatbelt. She looked mad. “What’s up? What do you mean? We’re going to fuck. Right here. Right now.” As she spoke, she started sliding down her jeans and panties.
I looked around. “Uh, do you really think this is a good idea? What if we get caught?”
She had removed her bottoms and was leaning over, unbuttoning my pants. “I don’t care. You’re going to fuck me.” Her head disappeared beneath the steering wheel as she sucked my cock into her mouth. Her fellatio was outstanding and she had me standing proud within moments. As she kicked her leg over me and climbed on top, she looked down at me. “Put your seat back.” I did as she ordered. “God, I want this dick!”
She slowly inserted my swollen tip into her wet pussy and shuddered. “Fuck! It’s only been a day and I feel like it’s been forever. I can’t live without this dick inside of me.” As she dropped her weight down on me, she pressed her hands on my chest. Her hips moved in slow circles as she gyrated and bounced on top of me. She was bent over at the neck, as the ceiling prevented her from stretching out. Her voice was hot as she quivered and moaned. She started moving rougher, her pussy screaming for a little more punishment. Her tight folds molded around me as her depths opened to accept me. Soon, I was feeling the same excitement that she was.
“I saw you with Sarah and I didn’t like it. There’s something there, isn’t there? Tell me!”
Her brown eyes were wild as she rode me fiercely. I grabbed her chest as she sighed in pleasure. I lied, “There’s nothing there. I’m just trying to be a good friend. There’s nothing there I promise.”
“You promise?”
“Yes. I promise.”
“Okay good! Because I’m not sharing you anymore. Tonya and Sofi got a taste and that’s all their getting. You’re mine! Do you understand? You belong to me and only me! You can’t fuck anyone else. No one else. Say it! Say that you’re mine!”
“I-I’m yours. This cock is yours.”
She started rocking harder. “Say it again!”
“I’m yours. Only yours!” I started fucking her harder.
She tilted her head to the side before she bent down and kissed me. Her face was touching my face. Her lips were pulled back and I could feel her teeth on my lips. “Yes! Say that you belong to me and only me! Cum! Cum with me! Show me that you’re mine and cum with me! Cum inside of me!”
It was too much. We were risking everything by having sex in a public place. The danger increased our excitement. The air in the car was thick and hot. I could smell our sex and it was mouthwateringly sexy. She bit my lip and pulled back, sucking on the area where her teeth were.
That was it. I couldn’t hold it any longer. “Fuck! I’m cumming! I’m cumming in you Toni. I’m yours! I’m yours!”
“Yes! You’re mine! You’re my fucking man! Now cum for momma! Cum! Cum! Ah!”
I came deep inside of her as her body shook in response. Her orgasm was long and was celebrated by her teeth on my neck and a piercing scream in my ear. I was done. She was too much and it was too erotic. I spent everything that I had in the tank and somehow she pulled out more. It was amazing.
The only problem was that I still had to drive back home. Sure, we were just a few minutes away but the orgasm was so strong that all I wanted to do was rest my head on the back of my seat and sleep.
“Fuck! That felt incredible. We’re going to have to do this again sometime.”
I nodded. “Yeah. That was nice.”
She climbed off of me slowly, stopping only to grab a handful of tissues from the backseat. Grabbing for her pants she pushed her hair back, “Just nice?”
Reluctantly, I did the same and pulled my pants back up. “Sorry. It was outstanding. No two ways about it.”
She blushed, “T-thanks.”
As it turned out, we made it back to my house without incident. After a quick shower, I was off to bed.
Upon entering my bedroom, I was greeted by a chime. It was the notification sound that my phone makes when I get a text message. I picked up my phone. It was a message from Sarah.

Sorry that we didn’t get a chance to see our game to the end.
LOL! You almost left me with no choice.
 Would you have taken me on the table?
I would’ve taken you on the table…on the floor…in the bathroom.
…on Toni’s lap?
LOL! If you would’ve kept teasing me then YES!
LOL! Well, just remember to come by after work. I’ll have a surprise waiting. Nite!
Sounds good. Good night.

Once I was finished texting Sarah, I went into my message folder and deleted all of the texts from her, just in case Toni or Rachel gets curious and checks my phone when I’m not around. I headed to bed and dreamed of the bountiful brunette and the blonde bombshell. Needless to say, it was a sweaty and exciting dream.

The next day, after learning that Toni had plans so I knew she wouldn’t randomly show up at my house, I headed over to Sarah’s right after I came home and showered. It felt strange to be sneaking over to her apartment. I felt like I was a teenager, waiting until my parents were asleep before sneaking off to do God knows what.
When I arrived, the first thing she did was kiss me. She kissed me deeply. She kissed me long. When she was finished, she pulled me into her apartment and closed the door.
Leaning against the closed door, she watched me. “Man! I’ve been wanting to do that all day.”
When we were at work, that was just what it was—work. We didn’t flirt. We didn’t talk about what happened between us. We didn’t perfect later plans. We worked and there was no overlap. But as soon as our timecards were punched and the bell rang, we were no longer executive and assistant. We were Jacob and Sarah.
As I smiled in response, she slowly walked towards me. Her small frame was barely covered by the sexy eyelash laced romper she was sporting. The lingerie had a plunging neckline that dipped deeply into her midriff while the lace material showed off her incredible body. She was stunning. 
This time, when we kissed, it was I who held on a little longer and kissed a little deeper.
Pulling back, she fanned herself with her hand. “My! You get me all hot and we’ve barely done anything.” 
I smiled, “Perhaps its just residual from all the teasing that you did to me last night.”
“Ha! Like I was the only one doing the teasing. But yeah…you’re probably right. That was way more thrilling than I thought it would be.”
“You’re telling me! There was one moment there where I was sure she had figured out what was going on.”
A devious look crossed her face. “That would’ve been quite the show, huh? I wonder how that would turn out…”
I knew exactly how it would turn out, which was what made this game of ours that much more dangerous. If Toni ever found out she wouldn’t rest until she saw the two of us in our graves. I frowned, “Oh God. Don’t you dare.”
She laughed. Grabbing my hand, she led me towards the couch. “Come here and have a seat with me. There’s something I want to show you.”
Once we were both seated on the couch (the same couch that she first seduced me on), she turned and I saw a flicker of embarrassment float over her eyes.
“What’s up?”
“Umm, well, I have a confession to make.” Her lips were pursed. She looked like she had rehearsed this moment but still somehow flubbed the takeoff.
“Okay. This sounds serious.”
She shook her head fervently. “No. It’s not like that. Umm…well…”
“What is it, Sarah? Just tell me.”
She was quiet for a moment as she looked at the TV. “It’s better if I show you.”
I watched as the TV turned on and the DVD loaded. “You brought me here to watch a movie?”
“Just watch.”
I was curious. What could possibly cause her act so oddly? Of course, it was only recently that I found out her mousy behavior was just a show that she put on to hide her true personality. I can’t say that I truly understand all there is to know about her. She’s remarkably complicated but I believe that at her core is a good person. However, that good person really wants to be bad, if only a little.
The video finally loaded and I was surprised to see a location that I was mostly familiar with on the screen. The blue walls—the queen-sized bed—those floral sheets, it was her bedroom. Before I could ask her why she had a video of her bedroom, the door to the bedroom opened.
On the screen, Sarah was wearing a cut-off t-shirt and a red pair of tanga panties, her hair was partially wet. One hand was behind her as if she was pulling something. I knew this scene. However, my recollection of it was from a completely different perspective. A moment later, I saw my own image appear through the door. The way that I was looking at her contained a mixture of awe and surprise. There was also an undercurrent of nervousness on my face.
She paused the movie and turned to me, although she failed to make eye contact.
“You recorded us.” It wasn’t a question. The proof was right before my eyes.
“I did. Well, to be honest, there were three cameras that I stashed around my room.”
“Why?”
She finally looked at me. Shrugging, she said, “I don’t know. I like to watch. I thought that maybe if you felt the same way about me that I did about you that things might proceed to this point…I umm mean sex. I was hoping that you would sleep with me.”
“So what? You took this to like commemorate the moment?”
“Yeah. Sort of. I mean, this is the stuff that I like. When I took that video of you and Toni I thought that I would want one of myself too.”
“So this is like porn for you?”
“Umm, yeah. I guess so. Is it odd?”
I didn’t know. Was it? Sure, it’s a violation of privacy but it’s not like it was the first time. I honestly can’t say that I’m super shocked either. Her proclivities weren’t lost on me. Hmm, I have to say, I was handling this all quite well. She looked a little nervous. I wasn’t sure what my approval meant to her but I gave it to her anyway. “No, I don’t think it’s odd. A lot of people record themselves having sex. Normally, the partner involved is aware of it but that doesn’t change the fact that what you did wasn’t too crazy.”
She breathed a sigh of relief. “Great. I was worried that you’d be mad.”
“I’m not mad.”
She snuggled against me. “Good.”
“So this was the only reason that you called me over last night?”
She shook her head, as her hand rested not-so-innocently on my thigh. “Well, it’s not the only reason.”
“Yeah? And what is the other reason?” As if I couldn’t guess.
Smirking, she pressed play on the movie and then flipped on top of me and slid down my body until she was between my legs on her knees. I felt her reach beneath the couch, her eyes never leaving mine. “You know, I still haven’t decided what I want from this…umm…arraignment of ours. But I do know one thing.”
“Oh yeah? What’s that?”
“Rachel is nuts. I’ve only been when you that one day…granted, it was multiple times on that day but I’m already addicted to you. I don’t see how she could cheat on you or how she could leave you. Although I’m grateful. If she hadn’t done those things then I would never have had the chance to live out this fantasy.”
“Oh? And what fantasy is that? The secretary and the manager?”
She laughed, “No, silly. Corrupting the innocent lamb.”
“Are you saying that I’m corrupting you?”
Now her smile grew large and dark. “Oh no.” She pulled out a camcorder, hidden beneath the couch. “I’m the one corrupting you.” She tossed the camcorder to me and it fell on my chest.
I picked it up and twirled it in my hand. “Good grief, girl. Do you plan for everything?”
Her hands were on my belt as her fingers mechanically unbuckled it and continued on to my button and zipper. She was nodding as she smirked, “What can I say? I learned quite recently that being prepared is a virtue.” She had my pants and underwear down. “Now, turn on the camera and record all of this.”
“Why? Are you making a compilation disk?” I started to laugh but it was brought up short when she nodded.
“Actually, I am. I loved watching us have sex so much that I want to record as much as I can for my private collection. Cell phones aren’t safe so I’m going to use this and then make a disk. Want a copy?” I could tell she was joking on the last part but the rest was quite sincere. 
“Sarah!”
She chuckled, “What? I’m just having fun and spreading my wings a little. Don’t worry, it’s not like I’m going to put it on the Internet or anything. It just gets me hot. Besides, I want to see what you see so record us okay?” She started kissing my thigh as her tongue climbed up my leg. “Please.” When I hit record, her smile grew brighter. “Thank you, baby.”
I nodded. I was sure that she was serious about not distributing the video, but I didn’t want to take the chance in my voice being recognized by anyone I knew.
She simply smiled, “Aw. Are you shy, baby? Don’t be. I’m doing this for both of us.” Her hazel eyes glowed in the small monitor attached to the camcorder. They gave off a preternatural glare. She looked hungry and insatiable. She smiled, showing all of her perfect and white teeth. “I’m going to eat you up. You’re going to cum in my mouth and then you’re going to cum in my tight little pussy. You like that, baby? Huh?” The camera and I both nodded. “Good.” Her mouth opened wide, as she sucked my soft cockhead into her mouth and twirled her tongue. 
Despite my earlier reluctance, I moaned.
She was licking up and down the side of my swelling cock. “Mmmm. That’s good, baby. Lets see if we can get you out of your shell.”
Her soft lips wrapped around the tip of my cock and pulled me into her mouth. Although I moaned again, the sound was drowned out by her own sounds of pleasure. She sucked up and down my cock. Mixed with the sounds of her satisfied moans were the sounds of slurping and sucking. She was loud. She was noisy. She was beautiful. I loved it. She took me to the back of her throat and beyond, her eyes never leaving the camera’s lens. It was an oddly exciting experience.
I was there, experiencing every massage and every kiss. But at the same time, because I was watching her through the camera, I felt like I was also spying on her as she had an illicit interaction with a lover. I think in that moment, I really got her fascination with voyeurism. 
Tears appeared and then promptly fell down her cheeks as her lips wrapped around my base. I was still astounded by the fact that she could take all of me into her mouth. It was a feat that Rachel couldn’t do and that Toni could barely accomplish, but there Sarah was, taking it into her mouth like she was born to it. Not only that, but I could also feel her tongue desperately licking my sac as all routes of oxygen were abruptly interrupted. She pulled back with a loud gasp. Thick streams of saliva trailed from her mouth to my cock, which she used to pump me up and down with her hand as she caught her breath. I was a sloppy mess thanks to her and I loved it.
“Holy moly! That felt crazy. Here, let me try again!” There was a slightly mad look in her eyes as she knelt back over my cock. She opened her mouth wide and then descended on me. This time, when she hit the bottom, she reached for my free hand. Once she had it, she placed it on the top of her head. I felt her hand push down on mine. I was shocked that she wanted to do this, but I played my part. Placing the camera on the couch, where it would still capture all of this moment, I placed both hands on the back of her head and forced her down even further. I could feel her throat contracting around me as she struggled for air. After close to ten seconds, she frantically started tapping on my hand. I released her and she pulled back, falling to her hands and knees as she gasped for air.
Picking back up the camera, I panned in on her face. She looked shocked and excited.
“Fuck! Lets do that again!” I could tell that she was into it. She only swore when she was really excited.
This time I stood. She pushed herself up on her ankles as she opened her mouth wide. I grabbed the back of her head as she led my fat cock into her mouth. Soon, I was humping her face, forcing my dick all the way in her mouth again and again. Every time I hit the back of her throat she would gag, which caused my cock to get even wetter. Despite the abuse I was delivering her, she looked calm and turned on as she sucked down my cock. Her eyes never left the camera.
She must’ve felt me swell because she pulled me out of her mouth and pumped my cock. She smiled into the camera. “You want it? Huh? You want me to make you cum?” The camera nodded and she smiled. “You want to cum on my tongue?” The camera nodded again. “Good boy!” She opened her mouth good and wide and swallowed my cock one last time. When she pulled me out, she held my cock on the tip of her tongue so that my cockhead was pointed into her mouth. She opened her mouth wide as she breathed heavily on my cock. Her hand moved in a blur as she worked to pull the orgasm out of me.
“Yes! That’s it, baby. Cum in my fucking mouth. Let me swallow all of your thick baby juice! Give it to me! Cum, baby! Cum! Cum!”
My legs were shaking. I had my hand on her forehead while the other held the camera. I was trying to keep it from shaking but I was too close to fully concentrate.
When I came, wave after wave struck me and I was barely able to remain standing.
I grunted, “Ohhhh!”
She continued pumping streams of hot liquid from me, managing to catch it all in her mouth. Once I was spent, she sucked me into her mouth one final time, causing me to shiver before falling back on the couch.
She crawled over to me and opened her mouth, showing the camera everything that she had collected before guzzling it down. “Mmmm! I love the taste of you.” She leaned forward and gently licked my cock clean. The camera caught everything.
She climbed on the couch as I turned and caught her movements on camera. Something told me that she wasn’t done with her little cam show. A moment later, I learned that I was right. 
Spreading her legs, she unbuttoned the romper. Her glistening slit was exposed to the camera. Licking three fingers, she slowly used them to circle her snatch. She pulled at the plunging neckline, exposing one of her perfect breasts. As she rolled her breast in her hand she continued circling her pussy, paying special attention to her clit. Soon she was rocking back and forth, bringing life back to my exhausted member.
She stared deeply into the camera. “Is this it? Is this what you wanted to see? You like seeing me touch myself, baby?” 
The camera nodded. 
“Good. I’ll only do this for you. I’m all yours. Do you like the thought of having me all to yourself?” 
The camera nodded. 
“God! I want you to stick that thick dick deeply inside of my pussy. I’ve been thinking of nothing else. Do you want that too?” 
The camera nodded. 
“Do you want to cum inside of me?” 
The camera nodded. 
“Do you want to watch how I touch myself when I think about you?” 
The camera nodded.
“Look closely. I’m going to cum for you soon. God! I love having your eyes on me. I feel like your touching me in 100 different places! Oh God! I’m going to cum. I’m going to cum right in front of you!”
True to her words, her legs started shaking as she pulled hard at her nipple. Her fingers were moving faster and faster as she gasped. Her face turned red as she watched me through moist eyes and a hanging mouth. Her orgasm face was glorious! I could watch it over and over again.
Once she came down, she collapsed on the arm of the couch. Her chest was heaving as she moaned. “Oh man! That felt amazing, baby.” She sat that way for a minute or two. I captured every moment of it, taking artistic license to film select parts of her body so that she could get a better understanding of what I saw. Oh, who am I kidding? I just wanted to get a tech-assisted close-up!
Once she came back to, she pulled her sexy romper off of her body. She leaned towards me and kissed my lips. This wasn’t caught on the camera. At best the sounds of us kissing were recorded on the microphone.
Off the camera, she whispered, “I need you.”
I nodded.
She pushed herself back as I turned. I turned the camera in her direction as she pushed me back on the couch. She straddled me and I took a close-up of her wet lips being forced open by my hard prick. Panning back, I took a full shot of her body and her reaction to me driving inside of her.
Her hands were crossed in front of her, pinching her breasts together. Her shoulders were hunched as she breathed in deeply. I couldn’t get a shot of her taut stomach, but if I had to guess, it was probably tense. Her hands dug into my chest as she buried me into her depths. She didn’t go down all the way. I think she must’ve found a spot that works for her, because she started rotating and rocking her hips.
“Fuck! It feels so good! Fuck me back, baby! Fuck me hard!”
Tensing my core, I drove inside of her as she rocked in response. We were moving in perfect harmony. It was like a sexy spiral. I rubbed all over her depths as she squeezed me for dear life. Every time I would bottom out inside of her, she would squeak.
Soon, it was too much for her. She fell forward and I was forced to lift the camera over her back to get a shot of her back and her ass.
Her lips were on mine and then on my neck. She was whispering in my ear. “I’m going to cum for you again, Jake. I’m going to cream all over that fat fucking cock. Cum with me baby. Please. Cum with me. Mark me and I’ll mark you. Cum! Cum!”
Before her little sexy rant, I didn’t fell my orgasm on the horizon. But her breathing heavily in my ear mixed with her desperate pleas dragged me to the cusp at mach speed. I felt her tighten around me as she pushed herself back. Bringing the camera back down and recording her body, she moved faster. I felt her lips kissing my base and her clit rubbing against my mound as she climbed towards her orgasm.
Her hair was wild as she continued to fuck me. Her face was red as she was barely able to catch her breath. Fingers dug into me as I buried myself inside of her. She stared ahead at the camera as she whispered.
“I’m close. Cum with me. Cum with me, baby!”
I grunted in assent as I felt my cock straining. When the telltale signs of my impending orgasm arrived, I was out of breath and hungry for a release. I tensed, prolonging the agonizing pleasure.
She watched the camera as she cried, “Cum! Now! Fill me up, baby! Cum! Oh! Oh! Ahhhhh!”
I came loudly as I released all of the semen I had into her depths. “Fuck!” It was the first word I had said on the camera but I didn’t care. The orgasm felt great and I had to scream something or I would’ve gone insane.
She responded with a scream of her own. “Holy fuck! Fuck! Fuck!”
For the first time, her eyes fluttered shut as she fell forward. Our bodies remained connected while her face rested on my chest. I took one final shot of her back as she breathed deeply and then I turned the camera off.
My arm fell off the side of the couch and I sighed. “That was incredible.”
She giggled. “Agreed.”
As she lied on my chest, I amused myself with cataloging the moment. Her breasts pressed against me, just below my chest. My chest hair danced as she sighed deeply. Her hands slowly moved up and down my sides like she was playing a piano. The hair from the top of her head tickled my nose but I couldn’t move away. She smelled too good. Sitting the camera on ground, I wrapped my arms around her. I could feel her body relax into me.
She sighed, “This is nice.”
“Yeah, it is.”
I felt her hesitate. “C-can I ask you something?”
“Yeah. Of course.”
“It’s personal.”
Now it was my turn to giggle. “More personal than my dick being inside of you?”
I felt her face smile. “Right…well it’s a different kind of personal.”
“Okay. Shoot.”
“I was just wondering if us being together like this makes you think of your wife.”
“Rachel? No. Why would it?”
“I don’t know. I was just thinking that maybe I was like a replacement or something.”
“Well, we never really did talk about what this is but I don’t think of you as a replacement or anything.”
“How do you think of me?” It was hard for her. As she spoke, I could feel her body tensing up. She wouldn’t look at me but I didn’t need her to for me to understand that she was asking me something that she had been putting off.
“What do I think of you? Well, I think you’re amazing. I think you’re beautiful, it’s true, but I find that when I’m in your company I’m a better person. You make me laugh and are a great friend. I love everything about you.”
I tried to be honest. I made a point not to just tell her what I thought she wanted to hear. I don’t know if I succeeded or not but I could feel her body relax back into me. “I love everything about you, too.”
She finally looked up at me and I could see a budding excitement in her eyes. “I love your lips.”
She kissed my lips.
“I love your chin.”
She kissed my chin.
“I love your neck.”
She kissed my neck.
“I love your chest.”
She kissed my chest.
“I love your stomach.”
She kissed my stomach.
By this point, my little man had come back to life. Fortunately, I was still inside of her, so as my rebirth occurred, she could feel me expanding inside of her. As I did, her breathing took on a different note. Slowly, she started moving her hips as my hands grabbed them tightly.
She was sitting atop me, looking down through partially closed lashes. Her exposed chest was colored by the amber streetlight. Her blonde hair was wet from sweat and held fast to her shoulders. Her arms flexed as she used them for balance.
We’ve both gotten off. There was no need to rush what was happening. I think she agreed because she moved with exaggerated slowness as if she was taking inventory of which spots brought her the most pleasure. I lifted her off the couch as I pressed against her.
“Oh my! Oh! Oh!” Her high-pitched voice squeaked, tickling my ears and exponentially increasing my excitement. Normally, her voice was quiet but held a smoky quality. But when she was really feeling it, that deeper tenor was thrown out of the window.
I lifted her one final time before hooking my arm behind her and standing up. Her legs wrapped around my back as I turned her onto the couch. Her couch was deep so we both could fit, but I wanted something more. I wanted to continue watching her as I gave her pleasure.
Placing her back on the couch, I knelt down on the floor. The couch was so deep that only a small portion of her bottom hanged over the edge, but it was more than enough. Lining myself up, I slowly inserted the tip of my raging hard-on into her tightness. She squirmed, despite the fact that I had been firmly implanted inside of her for the last 30 or some odd minutes.
“Look at me, Sarah.” Just as Sarah’s voice grew higher when she was excited, mine grew deeper. My rich baritone filled the small living room and must’ve done something to her, because when she heard it, I felt her grow even wetter.
“Y-yes.” She was watching me, her hazel eyes glowing with an insatiable lust.
“You love my face and my upper body. Is there something you could be missing?”
She smirked, “Like what?”
“Oh you want to play like that, huh? Okay.” I plunged into her as deep as I could go, which was far considering our position.
I watched her eyes roll into the back of her head as her eyelashes fluttered shut. “O-o-oh!”
I pulled out and slammed into her again and again. Each time the sounds of my entrance were punctuated with a loud smack as my hips slapped against her ass and the sloppy squelching of her dripping pussy.
“Oh fuck! Fuck! That’s deep! That’s so fucking deep! I’m going to cum. Oh god! You’re going to make me cum again!”
I slowed my pace immediately. I was halfway inside of her as her eyes flew open. 
“W-what are you doing? Don’t stop. Please, don’t stop.”
Now it was my turn to smirk, “Why not? From here you can see all the spots you love, right?”
She pulled her lips back as she sneered, “You cheeky little bas…!”
She was cutoff when I slammed inside of her again, rolling my hips as I bottomed out. “I’m sorry. You were saying?”
“Oh my! Please, don’t stop.”
“Don’t stop what?” I continued rolling my hips as her chest and stomach started to spasm.
“I’m gonna…I’m gonna!”
Grabbing her legs, I pulled back. “If you don’t say it then I won’t go any deeper.”
Her hands went to her breasts and she pulled. Her eyes were on mine and they were desperate. “P-please don’t tease me.”
“I’m not teasing you. I just want to hear you say what you’re thinking.”
“Y-you b-b-bully! Ooooo!”
“You like this bully’s dick. Don’t you?”
She was shaking her head side to side. She screamed, “No! I love it! I love your fucking dick! Okay? I can hardly think straight when you’re around me. All I want is to swallow it down my throat. I want you to abuse me. I want you to fuck me up so bad that I get wet just thinking about you. So please...please…FUCK ME!”
That was more than I had expected but I loved it. I laid over her and kissed her lips before telling her, “It’s okay. I love your pussy, too.”
She kissed me hard, biting my lower lip as I pulled back. “Do it! Show me that you love this pussy.”
As she asked, I fucked her hard. I delighted in the sight of her large breasts bouncing as I gave it to her good. It wasn’t long before she started squealing.
“That’s it! Ruin me. Make me yours! Holy shit! Holy shit!”
When she came, there was an earsplitting cry, which filled the apartment. There was release in that cry but there was so much more than that. The truth behind her cry was reserved for Sarah’s mind only; however, I’d like to think that she found herself in that moment. She had already undergone a metamorphosis but like most changes, it was a messy and scary endeavor. In that moment, I sensed a plateau of sorts where she finally felt comfortable in her new skin. I guess it’s true that I could be wrong but that was my impression.
As she came down, her eyes opened and there was peace. “That felt incredible.”
I leaned over and kissed her. “Can you go on?”
She shook her head, “No. I don’t think so. I’m wiped out. Sorry. I’m sure you’re not fully satisfied. Is there anything I can do for you?”
I looked down at the ground and then back at her. I smiled, “No, but there’s something I can do for you…if you’d like.”
She looked confused, “For me? Like what?”
I handed her the camera. “Press record.”
With the camera in hand, she moved off the couch. I took her position. Thanks to her, my cock was still quite wet. Once she nodded, I took hold of my member.
I looked into the camera as I pulled on my cock. Every once in a while I would stare at the gorgeous woman behind the camera. Sarah was watching me through the small screen on the camera. As I brought myself to climax, I moaned her name over and over again. I could see the effect this had on her as her face turned red out of embarrassment (that I was calling her name without any restraint) and excitement (that it was her who was on my mind and my lips).
“Oh my God. That’s so fucking hot, baby.” She was sitting naked and cross-legged on the floor. She licked her lips as her eyes flittered from the camera to my naked form on her couch.
“I’m going to cum for you, baby. I’m going to cum for you, Sarah.”
My hand moved faster as my orgasm hit. As the waves of pleasure washed over me in their fiery heat, I felt a pool of semen fall over my hand.
She gasped, “That’s so fucking hot. So fucking hot.” Placing the camera on the small table and pointed in our direction, she crawled over to me. She was on all fours as she pulled herself up between my legs. She stared at my throbbing cock like she wanted to devour it. “So fucking hot!” She moved forward like she was in a trance and licked my hand, my balls and my cock clean. When she was done, there wasn’t a trace of my messy orgasm.
After disappearing with the camera, Sarah came back and invited me to shower with her. It was an offer I couldn’t pass up. While we cleaned our bodies, our lips were on each other at every and any chance we got. Despite the fact that we didn’t have sex, showering with Sarah proved to be a steamy experience.
We were dried off and dressed, unfortunately, Sarah was no longer wearing the romper but her tiny shorts and braless t-shirt made up for the lack of skin.
We were sitting on the couch eating pizza and watching a Rom-Com from her collection. Sarah was practically lying on me but I didn’t mind.
“Jake?”
I was engrossed in the movie so when she softly spoke, I jumped a little. “Y-yeah?”
“Sorry. Hey, listen, I think I know what it is that I want from this—us.”
She had my full attention. “Yeah? And what’s that?”
She sat up, her eyes unabashedly staring into mine. “First, let me ask you what you want.”
“Is this some sort of trick?”
She shook her head. “No. No tricks. I just want to know where your head is at. You’re the one with a lot to lose.”
If you’re thinking that I was nervous, you’d be right. Her mentioning that I had a lot to lose made me feel like there was a threat on the horizon. But despite her previous duplicity, Sarah wasn’t one to make threats. I felt like I could trust her so I did. I stared back at her with the same openness that she showed. “Honestly, I love having sex with you. It’s like nothing I’ve ever experienced. I don’t want to stop but at the same time, I don’t want more than that. With the way things are right now, I honestly place your friendship above the sexual component of our relationship. So if I had to choose one over the other then it would be to remain your friend but I don’t want to have to choose if I don’t need to.”
I saw her breathe a sigh of relief. The sight of that let me know that I, in fact, didn’t just jump on a landmine. “That’s great to hear. I feel the same. Don’t get me wrong, the sex is so much more than sex that it’s crazy. I feel like I come alive when I’m with you. When you touch me, every blood vessel is excited and every synapse gets elevated. I feel things that I didn’t know were even possible. I love sleeping with you, Jake. But it can’t be more than this. At least, not for me. There’s just too much at stake. I’m still on the rebound. You’re separated. Not to mention that we work together. It’s just not feasible that we can be more than this. So what I want to propose is that we continue what we have until either your wife returns or one or both of us find a reason to stop. No hard feelings. No regrets. We simply enjoy each other and in the end we part as friends with absolutely zero drama.”
I did a double take. “So you’re saying you want to keep things as they are?”
“Yeah. I think we can do it. Don’t you? I mean, I like you and…I think you like me and that’s great! But I can’t deal with a heartbreak at this point so lets both agree that neither of us will catch any lingering feelings that may prevent us from being great friends down the road.”
Her eyes were pleading. I was shocked. This really was what she wanted. I didn’t see a reason not to agree. It was exactly how I felt, which was awesome. I nodded, “Yeah. I agree.”
She actually held out her hand. Placing my hand in hers, she shook it, her eyes serious. “It’s a promise.”
“It’s a promise.”
We went back to the movie and Sarah using me as a life-sized pillow. “So, how are things going with Rachel?” She asked the question so nonchalantly that I couldn’t be offended.
I answered honestly, “They’re not really going.”
“What’s wrong?”
“Well, it’s impossible to work things out when we’re so far apart.”
“Do you want to work things out?”
“Honestly, I’m not sure. I still love her but I’m not sure if I want to stay married to her.”
“All because she cheated?”
“That’s part of it but not the only thing. I mean, you saw her when she thought you and I were banging. It’s quite obvious that she doesn’t want me sowing my wild oats but I can’t trust that she’s not out doing the same thing.”
“So is that why you’re doing this? To get back at her?”
“No. Well, at first, when Toni and I started, it was about getting back at Rachel. I wanted to hurt her. But I don’t so much want to hurt her anymore than I want to stop limiting myself to a life that doesn’t exist.”
“You sound angry.”
“I am angry. I’m angry that the effort I put in went unnoticed and unappreciated. I’m angry that I let her leave. I’m angry that I’m pretending like this marriage can be saved when I seriously doubt it in my heart. I’m just angry at putting myself in these situations.”
“Have you considered telling her how you feel?”
“I have but I’m still not really sure what I want.”
“Well, I think you still want to be married to her. I mean, when I saw you guys together it was like looking at two newlyweds. I was envious.”
“Yeah, well…what you saw was two people trying to reconnect with old feelings, hoping that they were strong enough to lift them out of the muck.”
“I think you’re being too hard on yourself and on her.”
“How can you say that?”
“Simple. You still love her. You’re just hurt.”
“Yeah, but love isn’t enough.”
“Don’t I know it? Remember, I was with Chris for years and I confused his abuse with love. What I’m saying is that you need to actually give healing a chance. You can’t just give up before you honestly try.”
“You don’t think that I’m trying?”
She laughed. “Jake, you and I just fucked. I think it’s fair to say that you’re not trying your hardest.”
I snorted. “So what would you have me do?”
“I think you should go see her. Try spending some of this incredible sex drive and openness on her. I think you owe it to yourself to take some time and figure out if you can get past this or if you’re just too afraid to end things.”
“You’re right. I know you’re right but honestly, I’m afraid. I’m worried that if I do and things don’t work out that I would’ve wasted years of my life.”
“Even if things don’t work out, I don’t think it can be counted as years wasted. Every couple has their ups and downs. You just have to let this ride its course.”
“Do you really think that things will improve?”
“Sorry, that’s above my pay grade. All I’m saying is that you need to at least try, otherwise what’s the point?”
“I hear you. Well, I am flying out to see her next weekend.”
“That’s great!”
I shifted beneath her. She was gazing off, looking as relaxed as I’ve ever seen her. “Why are you doing this?”
“Doing what?”
“Why are you trying so hard to try to fix my marriage?”
“Do you mean why am I being a good friend?”
I laughed, “Is that what this is?”
She smiled, “Yeah. Besides, you went out of your way to help me when the chips were down. Now it’s my turn.”
“You know, I didn’t help you just so that you would owe me one.”
Smiling, she pulled my face to hers and kissed me softly. “I know. It’s one of the things I admire about you. You’re an honest to God, decent man. You’ve been hurt but at your core you are a good man, Jacob—a good man.”
I could feel myself blushing. I tried to change the subject, “You know, I think that’s the first time that you called me Jacob.”
“Yeah? I was trying it on for size. I like it. I think I’ll have fun calling you Jacob every now and then.”
“Whatever floats your boat.”
“Gee, thanks!”
“So, do you really think that I’m afraid to end things?”
She shook her head. “No. I think you’re afraid that things will end. I think that’s why you agreed to the separation. I think that’s why you agreed to the counseling. But I also think that you’re being self-destructive.”
“Yeah? How so?”
“You’re currently sleeping with two women and neither of us are Rachel. I think that it may have started because you were hurt but I think it continued because you wanted to give yourself a reason to end things. You know, like Rachel finds out and leaves you. That sort of thing.”
I closed my eyes and laid my head on the back of the couch. “You know, I’ve been seeing this therapist for a month and she’s never been this honest with me.”
“Maybe you should go see a different therapist.”
“Maybe you’re right.” I chuckled and then kissed the top of her head. “Hey, about the Toni and me thing. Does it bother you?”
She shrugged, “If it did I wouldn’t have made a move on you. I can’t pretend that I’m thrilled by the idea of you sleeping with someone else but I get it. Toni’s stupid hot and you guys have this pretty awesome chemistry. It might bother me more if you weren’t sleeping with her. I’d be all like ‘what is wrong with this dude?’ You know?”
“You know, Toni thinks that you like me.”
I could feel her eyes roll. “Oh God! Don’t remind me. You have no idea how much she used to tease me. I mean, sure, I obviously like you. Look at me. I just spread my legs for you and now we’re sharing a pizza and conversing like a couple. Yeah, I like you. I like you a lot. But she would tease and torture me about the dumbest little things. It got so bad that I just started lying to her. Any time she would tease me about you I would make up some outlandish lie. Like this one time, I saw you bending over and yeah…I stared. She must’ve caught me because she came and was all like, ‘Take a picture it’ll last longer’. I told her that I had really bad cramps and was frozen in place by the pain.”
I laughed so hard and loud that I thought she might be blown off of the couch. “You didn’t!”
She took another bite of her pizza. “Yeah, I did. It was stupid, I know but I just hated being teased by her. She treats me like I’m her little whipping boy sometimes and it infuriates me. I’m 2 years older than her!”
“So stand up to her.”
“Yeah, I should. But Toni will be Toni.”
I nodded. “Don’t I know it?”
“Anyway, don’t worry about Toni. Her taunts don’t bother me as much now.”
“You mean since you’ve gotten to taste some dark meat?”
She laughed, “Oh my God. You did not just say that!” She rolled into a ball as she laughed. I loved the sound of her laughter. It was bright and innocent. There was nothing in that laughter but joy. It has been so long since I’ve been with someone who didn’t have ulterior motives and was just as she said she was. It was nice.
We finished watching the rest of the movie and then our little impromptu date was finished. She walked me to the door and ushered me out with a sweet kiss.
“Thanks for coming over.” Her smile was bright and lovely.
“Thanks for having me. See you tomorrow.”
There was one final kiss and I departed with a smile on my face and a bounce to my step.

The next day, my phone waked me. It was a text from Rachel, wishing me a good morning. I replied back and then got in the shower.
Once I made it to the office, Sarah was waiting for me at my desk with a coffee in one hand and a gift bag in the other.
“Thanks for the coffee, Sarah. What’s this?”
She lifted the bag, “Just a little gift. I wasn’t able to get it to you yesterday. Do me a favor and don’t open it until you get home, okay? Promise?”
I nodded. “Okay, sure. Thanks.” I took the gift bag from her. She looked amazing. Her hair was styled in a sort of beehive-like short bun. She wore a gold blouse beneath a cream blazer and matching cream skirt. Her bright heels were eye-catching as well and I knew after just one glance that Toni would kill and skin an entire army to get her hands on them. She smiled at me as I took a long slow look at her. I thought about what she said last night and wondered if her standing close to me was getting her excited. But I couldn’t find out. Despite how very badly I wanted to rip her clothes off, we were at work so I had to be professional.
I had the distinct pleasure of being able to watch her walk away. Her behind was more than a little tempting. 
Professionalism be damned.
Before she left my office, I called out to her. “Sarah?”
She stopped at the door. Looking at me from over her shoulder. She licked her lips before she spoke, “Yes…Jacob.”
That was it. That was all it took for me to lose what little control I had. “There’s something I’d like to discuss. Close the door, please.”
She nodded. Stepping inside my office, she shut the door. I saw her hand reach for the lock and turn. She moved closer to me and I could feel my pulse racing. Hell, even the air grew hot, buoyed by the furnace of our lust.
She was standing before me as I calmly sat my coffee and gift bag on my desk. I turned back to her and saw the lustful storm that was brewing in her beautiful hazel eyes. “What is it that you wanted to speak to me about, Jacob?”
Stepping closer to her, I looked past her lips and down her partially opened blouse. “Oh, I think you know.”
She smirked, “Please enlighten me, sir.”
“Sir, huh? Well, I was just wondering where you got off dressing like this.”
She turned in a slow circle, making sure to slide her covered bottom across my package on the way. “Is there something amiss with my clothing, sir? Would you like to punish me?”
My heart was in my throat. I wanted more than anything to have my way with her. “Punish you? When my employee dresses so inappropriately, there is only one thing that I can do?”
“Oh? And what’s that?”
“Kiss her silly.” Cupping the back of her head in my hand, I pulled her face to mine and I crushed my lips against hers. She returned the gesture with her own forcefulness. Her tongue was in my mouth as she pulled at my face.
I felt her knees start to shake so I lifted her off the floor and sat her on the edge of my desk, far away from the coffee and gift bag.
She pulled back, “Damn! You made my knees go weak.” She was breathing heavily.
“Did you like it?”
“Like it? I loved it! I got dressed today and prayed that today would be the day that I got you to kiss me in the office.”
I raised an eyebrow, “Just kiss?”
She chuckled, “I don’t think I can handle more than that. You have a way of getting the animal out of me…or don’t you remember?”
I smiled, “Okay. I’ll just kiss you then.” I kissed her lips. I kissed her ear. I kissed her neck. I kissed down her blouse until I made it to her skirt. By then her legs were rubbing together so fast that I thought she would start a fire. I glanced up at her and she nodded.
Reaching beneath her skirt, I pulled down her pink panties and quickly put them in my pocket. She moved closer to the edge of the desk, hiking her skirt up on the way.
I was face-to-face with her glorious pussy and I couldn’t wait to dig in. I looked into her eyes, which were staring at my lips. I whispered, “Just a kiss.”
She nodded, “Just a kiss. Yes. Please, kiss me. Kiss me deeply, Jacob.”
I kissed her lips like they were a lover that I hadn’t seen in months. When she felt my lips touch her pussy she arched her back and moaned. I felt her hand on the back of my head as she held me firmly to her pussy lips, as if she were afraid I would try to escape.
Her pussy dancing on my tongue was the most delectable treat I could have that morning and I greedily devoured it.
“Yes! That’s it. Eat it. Eat my fucking pussy!”
I licked her pussy and stroked her insides until she came on my tongue. When she came, she held the back of my head with both hands and pushed out her chest. Her face was colored with excitement as her mouth hanged open. She shook as her orgasm struck and humped my face until it was over. Once it was, she released me and slouched against the desk.
I grabbed a tissue to clean my face. “Did you like the way I kissed you?”
Staggering to her feet, she came over to me, “I loved it!” Her lips fell on mine and I felt her excitement double then triple. Finally, before we crossed the point of no return, I pushed her back.
She looked hypnotized by her lust and she didn’t immediately respond. She kept reaching for me, trying to pull my face to hers. Her eyes were watery. Her face was flushed. Her lips were pouty.
“Sarah?”
Finally, I saw life come back to her eyes as she blinked in embarrassment. She stepped back, “See? What did I tell you? You make it so that I’m not even in control.”
“Well, I guess you’d better get out of here before we both get caught.”
She pouted, “Yeah, I guess.” She turned to leave. “Wait. My panties.”
I patted my pocket, “Oh no. You got your trophy. This is mine.”
She tilted her head, her eyes studying me. Finally she smiled, “Okay. I’m fine with that. Perhaps you should put the panties in your gift bag. You’ll see why when you get home.”
That made me even more curious to open the bag but I promised I would wait. Taking the panties out of my pocket, I stuffed them in the bag without looking and then put the bag in my satchel.
“I’m going to head to the washroom to wash up. I’ll be back in a few minutes and we can go over the day’s notes.” She looked in control but I could see her legs still shaking and sure enough, when she headed towards my door her steps were halting and uncoordinated. I delighted in the sight of her trying to pretend like she wasn’t turned on when we both knew the truth. This time, when she made it to my door, I let her leave without stopping her. I knew that soon, I would get to taste her again and I couldn’t wait.
The next time that I saw Sarah, she was talking with another of the executive’s assistants. I didn’t know what they were discussing, but when I walked by, things suddenly became eerily quiet. I could feel two sets of eyes on me. One of the sets roamed up and down my body, and I didn’t need to look to see who those eyes belonged to. 
As I got closer, Sarah smiled friendly, “Hey, Jake.”
I nodded and smiled back, “Hello Sarah. Hey Patrice.”
“Hello Mr. Aspen.”
As I rounded the corner, I heard Patrice whisper, “Holy damn.”
Sarah responded, “I know, right?”
“You’re one lucky son-of-a-bitch. My boss doesn’t look like that.”
I smiled and continued on my way. I ran into Toni a little later. She was just getting off the phone when I approached.
Her voice was casual but there was a steady air of professionalism. I knew that I caught her actually working.
“Okay, sounds good Mr. Garber. Let Chet know that I will have the mark-ups ready by this afternoon. I’ll bring them over around 3. You won’t regret working with our firm, sir. I’ll see you then. Goodbye.”
When she hanged up the phone, I tapped her on the shoulder.
“Jacob!” Her brown eyes were wide. “How long have you been there?”
Leaning on her desk, I said, “Long enough to see that you actually do work every now and then. Who was that?”
She leaned back in her chair, which promptly accentuated her breasts. I was sure that was her intention. “Oh shut up. You know that I work. That was the owner of a new tire store. Not much in the way of commission but I’m thinking long game here.”
“Yeah? How so?”
“I heard through the grapevine that his brother is one of the key folks in this worldwide manufacturing company. I figured that if I could sell our services to him that he’d be willing to put a good word in for us. If we got that gig then it would be like Christmas in July! It would even come close to your big close.”
I laughed, “That sounds amazing. If you need any help closing the deal just let me know.”
“Are you saying that you don’t think I can do this by myself?”
I shook my head. “No. I know that you can, but what’s the point of working on a team if you don’t take advantage sometimes? Just let me know if there’s anything I can do, okay?”
She nodded, “There is something you can do.”
“Yeah? What’s that?”
“How about you take me out to eat?”
“Are you hungry?”
“Not right now! I’m talking about the dinner you still owe me for helping out at your house a few weeks ago. You cooked for Sarah but haven’t done anything for me.” She pouted but I didn’t buy her innocent look.
“I made you breakfast.”
“That doesn’t count! I want…” Her face grew red and she looked away.
I couldn’t help but tease her. “What? You want a date? You want to date me, huh? What happened to it just being S.E.X? Huh?”
She stammered, “S-s-shut up! I’m just saying it would be nice if we did something else every once in a while.”
I would’ve laughed but we were already drawing too much attention. No one could hear what we were saying but I didn’t want to chance turning more heads.
“Okay, how about Friday? We can make a night of it. Sound good?”
“Y-yeah, I guess that’s fine. Whatever.”
“Psht! Whatever, huh? Yeah. Okay.” Sometimes she was just too easy to tease. Despite her words, she couldn’t wipe the satisfied smirk off of her face if she tried. “So where do you want to go?”
“Umm, how about we check out Sofi’s restaurant? She’ll be working that night.”
“Okay. It’s a date. You book the reservations and I’ll pick you up at 7.”
The look on her face was priceless. Her face held this perpetual smile, her eyes couldn’t contain her excitement and she was practically glowing. I was also excited.
Maybe I should’ve felt guilty. I was actively sleeping with two women while being separated from my wife. Yeah, I should’ve felt guilty but I didn’t. I would love to say that it was because I felt justified in having a little bit of freedom after everything that happened with Rachel, but I couldn’t. If I did, it would be a lie. The fact was I was having a great time and couldn’t be bothered enough to think of the consequences.

I worked late that night. By the time I left, even Sarah was gone. I didn’t mind. I called Rachel on the way home. She was getting out of the shower and getting ready for bed. We didn’t talk long. She told me about some of the things she wanted to do when I flew out there to see her next weekend. It reminded me that I needed to put the time in and make plans for when I was away.
When I finally made it home, I was bushed. The day had proved to be so long that all I wanted to do was grab something to eat and go to bed. As I was getting undressed, I remembered the gift from Sarah that I stored in my satchel. Half naked, I ran downstairs and grabbed my satchel. The bag was just where I left it. I carried it up to my room and sat it down on my bed. I was excited to see what it contained. As I reached in, my fingers slid across the soft material of her pink panties. I pulled them out and sat them on the bed. The sight of them made me think about all the things we did in my office earlier as well as the things we did at her apartment. I nearly picked up the phone to call her but it was after 10 and we both had work the next day.
Reaching back into the bag, I touched something thin and hard. I pulled it out. It was a recordable DVD. The words “Kentucky’s Finest” was handwritten on the disk in Sarah’s handwriting. I chuckled. I was curious so I grabbed my laptop and inserted the disk. After a few seconds, my video player popped up.
The video started playing immediately. Sarah’s face came on the screen. She was dressed in the same lingerie that she wore last night. She was smiling into the camera.
“Hey, Jake. It’s me. Umm…I guess you know that. Well anyway, I wanted to make you a little disk of some of our greatest hits. Make sure you hide this disk where no one but you will ever see it.” She blew a kiss into the camera and then the video faded out. The image that replaced her was a video of our first time together. She must’ve put a lot of effort into making this video, not to mention she must’ve invested in multiple cameras, because every so often the shot would change angles. I didn’t remember seeing the first camera, let alone the other two. She cut and spliced the images together like she was making a feature length movie. I couldn’t tear my eyes away.
I lied down next to the video, watching as we rolled around on her bed. Seeing it made me relive the entire experience all over again. I felt the initial fear and excitement. I felt the passion when we first embraced. I remembered the taste of her on my lips. I recounted the fire in her eyes as she took me to heights I’ve never explored. It was definitely ballsy of her to give me this disk but my eyes and body appreciated her courage.
We were reaching a crescendo on the screen. At the same time, I reached underneath my underwear. My cock was hard in my hand. The sight of her filled my eyes. I was panting as I fought the urge to call her. Just then I heard my phone buzz. I was going to ignore it but it buzzed again and then again. I rolled over and grabbed it off the nightstand. I had just received a series of texts from Sarah. 

Hey, Jacob. I just wanted to make sure you made it home okay.
You were still working when I left.
:)

I smiled at the phone then sent her a response.

Hey. Yeah, I got home not too long ago.
Did you open your present?
I did! LOL! I love it. I’m watching it right now.
You are? Well, what do you think?
I think it’s pretty amazing. It’s got me feeling a certain kind of way.
Yeah? What way is that?
Want to see?
You know I do.

I pulled down my underwear and threw them across the room. Turning on the lamp, I took a picture of my hand wrapped around my rod and sent it to her.
It took her a couple of minutes to respond.

Oh my! I’m watching it right now too. See.

She sent a picture of her crotch. Her hand was stuck in her white, cotton panties.

That looks amazing!
It feels amazing. But I wish it were you between my legs instead of my hand.

I didn’t even need to think about it.

I’ll unlock my front door.

Her response was immediate.

I’ll be there in 5.

She must’ve had her keys in her hand when she texted that because it took her less than 4 minutes to show up at my house. I heard the door open and close and then I heard footsteps on the stairs.
My door opened and I saw Sarah, her hair falling down the back of a sleeveless grey hoodie. Even this late at night, her hair was done and she was wearing make-up. She smiled as she entered.
“I was hoping you would call me.”
I pushed myself up to the headboard, my hard cock still in my hand. “I didn’t want to wake you.”
She slowly unzipped her hoodie. She only had on a white bra underneath. She pulled off her hoodie and then her hands went to her jeans. “I wouldn’t have cared if you would’ve woke me up. I want you. I want you deep inside of me. I want you so bad that I’ve been throbbing all day.”
“Is that what you and Patrice were talking about earlier?”
She shook her head. “No. That was just work stuff. But it’s been hard not being able to brag about it. I want someone to know but at the same time I don’t.”
She pulled down her jeans to show a matching pair of white cotton panties. It was the same pair from the photo. While she slowly shimmied out of them, I took the opportunity to get a good hard look at how incredibly sexy she is. “You mean you don’t want to get in trouble?”
“No. If I tell someone about the sex, I’ll have to tell them how good it is and I don’t want to share anymore than I already am.” Her panties were on the ground and soon her bra followed. She crawled on the bed, her hazel eyes looking intense. “I’m sorry but I can’t wait. I need you in me like right now.”
“That’s fine with me. If you want it, come get it.”
She smiled as she crawled up my body. She kissed me as she hovered over my cock. “You know, this will be the first time that we have sex with no cameras around.”
I teased, “Are you sure you want to?”
She laughed, “Of course. I don’t need a camera to remember how amazing it feels. It’s imprinted right here.” She tapped her head. I felt her slowly lower herself on me. Her breathing became raspy as she touched my hard tip. She whispered, “Finally!” She grimaced as my cock slowly filled her tight pussy.
“God, you feel so good.”
She shook as she struggled to speak. “You took the words right out of my mouth.”
She reached for the lamp and turned it off.
“Why’d you do that?”
Her lips came close to mine. “I just want to feel you. I want every area where you touch me to stand out.”
It was so dark that I couldn’t see more than three feet in front of me. But I didn’t mind. While my eyes adjusted to the darkness I entertained myself with feeling how my cock slid over every bump and grove of her depths until her body stopped me.
“More! I want you to force it deeper.” She sounded desperate.
I pulled her down on top of me and then turned her on the bed. I kissed her as I lay atop her. “You sure?” It was the only warning she would get.
She kissed me hard. “Yes! Fuck me as hard as you can!”
I smiled. “Yes ma’am.”
The sounds coming from my bedroom that night were filled with her precious cries. She screamed as I leveled her. She scratched at me as I made her body my slave. She cried out in pleasure as I made her cum again and again. By the end, her voice was hoarse but she wore a satisfied smile that bespoke of her immense joy. Rolling over, I kissed her goodnight.
I awoke a few hours later to find her gone. There was a note that simply said, “Thanks”. I smiled and placed the note in the trash before rolling back over and going to sleep.
When I saw her the next day, she was walking funny. She walked like I was still inside of her. When she saw me, she smirked. I smiled in return.
“Good morning, Jacob.”
“Good morning, Sarah. How are you this morning?”
She laughed, “Sore! You really worked me over last night.”
“You asked for it.”
She nodded and winked, “I did and I don’t regret it.”
No one was around so I kissed her lips. Her eyes grew wide as her pupils dilated. Finally, she pushed me back.
“Oh no you don’t. My body needs rest you brute.”
I chuckled. “No problem.”
After that, it was business as usual. After going over the morning, Sarah left me to attend to other matters.
The day was Thursday and I was scheduled to meet with Amara later in the evening but I had other plans. I’ve waited days to set things in motion. It was a little simplistic but if it worked, I would at least know where I actually stood with her.
I called her office and left a message canceling my appointment. After that, I drafted an email and sent it to her.
Good morning Amara,
I’m sorry about canceling on you last minute. I’m just having a rough time with everything and I think that I need some time to think things through. I don’t see the point in continuing if Rachel’s not even here. Anyway, this isn’t about you. I think you’re amazing I just need a night to myself. I’ll see you on Monday.
Jacob
Now all that was left was to wait on the other end of my fishing line and see if I reel myself in a big one.

It was just after 6:30. I was at my favorite bar, and having one of my favorite drinks when she walked in. Now, bartenders basically come across people of all shapes and sizes, colors and backgrounds, and with varying levels of attractiveness. After pouring me another drink the man behind the bar paused. If I didn’t know any better I would say that an angel had just descended. His face was twisted in awe and lust, and you couldn’t pick his jaw off of the bar if you tried. Before she even touched my shoulder, I could feel the people around me move to get out of her way. Without looking, I could sense their attraction to her. It was seeping into the atmosphere.
Suddenly I felt a cool breeze on the back of my neck, which was coupled by the smell of honeysuckle and vanilla. When her hand touched my shoulder, I felt the collective sigh from everyone around me as they registered their disappointment that she wasn’t there alone. Turning my head to the left, I smiled at the alluring Dr. Amara Jeffries. She smiled back before she leaned against the bar. Her rippled white blouse was unbuttoned to the point where it scarcely maintained a precarious balance between office seduction and in-your-face sex appeal. She wore a charcoal gray draped skirt that was barely capable of containing the sexy woman underneath. A wide black belt with a nickel buckle and a tasteful pair of open-toed black heels completed her ensemble. While she pretended to look around the room as if she were gaining her bearings, I took the opportunity to get an eyeful of everything she had to offer. And let me tell you—physically, she had a whole hell of a lot to offer. 
“I thought I would find you here.” Her voice contained her trademarked mysteriousness. She smiled as I motioned for her to sit. “Thank you.”
“Two more please, George.” While the bartender retrieved another glass and the bottle of 12-year old whiskey, I glanced at Amara. “I guess you know me pretty well, huh?”
“Do I? I just figured you were somewhat predictable.” She sipped her whiskey before giving George the bartender, an award-winning smile that I was certain could be used to get out of speeding tickets, bar tabs, jury duty…really anything she wanted. For someone who was normally as stoic as George was, he turned into an embarrassingly blubbering mess. It was good to see that I wasn’t the only one affected by this Nubian goddess.
“Predictable? Maybe that’s what I was going for.” I calmly sipped my liquor while meeting her stare.
Just like last time, I felt her hand on my thigh. She leaned in, daring me to steal a glance down her blouse. I held fast and held her stare. “I think there is a certain charm in being predictable.”
I didn’t know that it was possible to make the word “predictable” sound like something one would say in the throes of passion but she did. The word rolled off her tongue in such a sexy and inviting way that I nearly fell into her plush lips and intelligent brown eyes. Before she lured me into playing at her speed, I pulled back.
“So, what brings you here, Amara?”
“What do you think?” She raised her eyebrow as she tilted her head in my direction. It wasn’t a challenge. It was just friendly banter.
“You like the ambiance?”
She laughed. It was a humming sound that emanated from her chest. “Close but no.”
“Do tell.”
“Your email made it seem like you were in crisis. But here you are—having a drink without a care in the world. Is it safe to say that I was duped?”
“I like the word ‘duped’. It makes me feel like a Old West gunslinger.”
I was rewarded with a bright smile as her hand squeezed my thigh. “You’re cheeky.”
Now it was my turn to laugh. “You know, you’re the second person to call me that recently. Maybe I am a bit ‘cheeky’. Nevertheless, I was able to get you to come here.”
She finished her drink and George was there to replace it the moment the tumbler was sat back on the bar. “Thank you!” She smiled and for a moment I thought I might’ve seen him curtsy. She turned her attention back towards me. “If you wanted me here, you could’ve just asked. Why play the games?”
“It’s simple. You never open up or offer up anything about yourself. I thought that this way, if you were…what was the word…predictable…then you would show up like last time.”
“Mmmm. Last time, huh? What was so great about last time?” Her fingers started dancing on my thigh. I felt myself start to tingle.
“I think you allowed yourself to be vulnerable last time. Am I wrong?”
“I wouldn’t say that you’re wrong. But are you sure you really want me to open up? I thought that I was just your shrink.”
“Maybe I don’t want you to be my shrink anymore.”
“Oh yeah?” Her eyes were bright and I could see the mirth in them. “Then what would you have me be since you’re firing me.”
“How about you just be Amara and I’ll be Jake.”
“And what are Amara and Jake to each other?”
I smiled as my hand found her thigh and I leaned in. “How about you ask me in the morning.” Our lips met only briefly, but it was enough. The moment I pressed my lips to hers, I felt all pretense melt away as she pressed herself against me.
When I pulled back, she looked like someone I hardly recognized. Since I’ve known her, she had always been in control but beyond an arms length away. It was like she was trying to keep something at bay but now that was gone. She looked at me like she wanted to eat me alive and didn’t care who knew or who was watching.
When she spoke, it was with the sharpness of a blade. “In the morning, huh? Don’t think I’m going to let you get much sleep tonight.”
Standing, I placed enough money for our drinks, the show that the bar just witnessed and a generous tip for George and then we strode out of the bar, hand-in-hand.
I followed her to her home. She lived in a pricey high-rise. I assumed the HOAs alone were about what I was paying for my mortgage. But that’s the price you pay when you want to live in the city. The moment we walked in, she told me to make myself at home while she disappeared around a corner. The condominium had an open and industrial concept. Exposed brick covered an entire wall, like an accent. The second floor was completely visible. The only enclosed area was the bathroom. I could see her bedroom from where I was on the couch.
I heard her feet moving against the floor. I turned and she was a few inches shorter than she was the last time I saw her. A quick look made it clear that she had removed her heels. In her hand were two tumblers of dark liquor. I took the proffered glass.
“Thanks.” I took a sip and gasped. It was one of the smoothest drinks I’ve ever had.
She smiled as she brought her tumbler to her lips. “Aged 30-years. Do you like it?”
I nodded, “Yeah. It’s amazing.”
She sank onto the couch and placed her feet on my lap. Her eyes were studying me. It wasn’t in the way that she did when we were in her office. It was different. It was dangerous and hungry.
As I mindlessly rubbed her arches with one hand while balancing the drink in the other, I complimented her. “This is quite the place.”
She sighed in comfort as my thumbs worked out a days worth of tension. “Mmmm! Thank you.”
“Have you lived here long?”
“Yeah. About 8 years.”
“Your business must be good. I didn’t think I paid you enough to afford these kinds of digs.”
She looked me over slowly before taking another drink. Pulling the glass from her lips she finally looked away. “It was my husband’s.”
I flinched, “Wait. You’re married?”
She shook her head.
She wasn’t wearing a ring. “Divorced?”
“Widowed. Four years now.”
I stopped rubbing her foot. “My God. I’m so sorry.”
Her smile was broken but still lovely, “Thank you. I’m fine now. Really.” She wiggled her toes and I chuckled.
As my fingers started moving on her feet once more, she slid down on the couch with her eyes closed. I finished my drink and set it down on the end table. Once her feet were finished, I moved up her leg to her calves, applying slow and steady circular pressure. I continued climbing up her body as her sighs of relaxation took a turn and became moans of pleasure. As my hands continued their trek up her thighs, she sat her glass on the floor. Her skin was so soft it was like sliding on silk while wearing satin. 
Her voice was soft, “Come here.” I obeyed.
Climbing up her body, I lied atop her as she wrapped her arms around my shoulders and back. Our simple kiss in the bar was nothing compared to what she rained down on me while we were on her couch.
Her soft lips found mine and I was electrified. Her tongue wasn’t shy as she boldly used it to massage my tongue and explore my mouth. Her hands roamed all over my body and I felt like there wasn’t a spot on my body that she didn’t caress. At some point during our make-out session, her shirt became undone. Her gray bra matched her skirt. I glanced at her gorgeous body and was even more aroused. She caught me looking and smiled. It wasn’t her usual mocking smile, nor was it manipulative. It was an innocent, happy yet shy smile that revved me up. I kissed her again, but this time, my hand went to her breast as my pecker threatened to tear straight through my pants. When I thought I would drown in the lust, she wisely pushed me back.
“Follow me.”
She led me towards her stairs and in moments I found myself in her exposed bedroom. The view from the second floor was even more breathtaking. I didn’t know what her deceased husband did but it was obvious that he knew a location when he saw one. Amara was just sliding out of her skirt when she started speaking.
“I’ve waited for this for so long. I dropped so many hints but I worried that you wouldn’t pursue me.”
I pulled at my tie and started unbuttoning my shirt. “Why didn’t you just come out and say it?”
She shrugged. “Despite what you men like to think, most guys don’t seem to like a woman who is too forward. I didn’t want to scare you away.”
“In truth, I find a woman who knows what she wants and asks for it to be quite sexy.”
“Well, right now, what I want is for you to fuck me up.”
I chuckled, “Be careful what you wish for.”
She raised her eyebrow, “Oh? You’re quite confident. Can you really back it up?”
“Why don’t you come and find out?”
She stood before me in nothing more than a bra and her panties. My mouth salivated for her. Suddenly she pounced on me. I barely caught her in time. She was wild as she pulled and tore at my clothing. I decided to help her remove the articles off my body for fear that if I didn’t I wouldn’t have much more than torn strips to wear home. I was fully naked as she pushed me over and stood up. She took a slow hungry look up and down my body.
I saw her transform in that moment. The woman I was familiar with was nowhere to be seen. This Amara was the incarnation of Lust. As the sun set in the background, a golden-azure light filled her living space, with Amara at its epicenter. The light moved and bent around her, giving off the impression of a fiery halo. When she started moving her hips, I assumed that she was dancing. Oh how wrong I was. She was preparing herself. Without noticeable warning, she launched herself at me. I caught her midair but the force of her movement pushed me back over. She had me pinned to the bed as her natural curly hair blocked the light, placing her face in shadows. 
She smiled and through the shadows, I saw her gleaming white teeth and I knew that I had just invited a hungry animal to the table. 
When she spoke, her voice lost all of it normal mirth and was filled with a vivid sincerity that I knew bespoke of her true emotions. “I’ve wanted you since the moment you first set foot in my office.” She started grinding her hips against me, causing my cock to bulge against her. “When you walked in, leading Rachel by the hand, I thought ‘Ah! Here’s another sellout.’ I was annoyed that you would choose someone like her over your own kind. But the more that you spoke the more I realized that that isn’t who you are. You married her because you loved her. Not because she was white. I immediately wanted to make you mine. I wanted to watch you squirm underneath me. I wanted to feel your pulse pick up when you were around me. I wanted to know if you were excited by me. I needed you to come inside of me.”
As she spoke, her lips fell on my neck and my chest. My hands held and kneaded her thick rump and I was in Heaven. I heard her confession and wasn’t surprised by her earlier statement. It’s not uncommon for Black women to feel slighted when a Black man chooses to date a White woman. She was no different. Honestly, it is an oddity that people you don’t even know will judge you for who you’re in a relationship with without even knowing your name. I couldn’t be upset with her. It was just the way things were. I decided long ago not to get worked up over it.
We separated long enough to allow for the removal of the remaining few layers of clothing. Once we were both fully undressed, she pushed me back over and climbed on top of me. Her hands and legs moved up my body until her knees were on either side of my head and her pink slit was hovering over my face. Her eyes boldly screamed what she wanted just as her hips descended. 
Wrapping my arms around her waist, I pulled her down on me. Her dark skin contrasted with her pink slit and caused my heart to quicken. She was lovely—beyond lovely. She was like a precious jewel that I didn’t want to parade around town. This jewel was just for me…at least in this moment.
Her lips easily gave when my tongue attempted to delve into her depths. I couldn’t move much but that didn’t stop me from giving her a passionately deep kiss.
She whispered, “Yes!” I kept going—touching and tasting her intimate parts until I found how she liked it. Soon she was shaking on me as her hips moved on their own. “That’s it! Eat my fucking pussy, baby. Eat it!”
While my tongue continued tasting her depths, her hand moved to her clit as she rubbed it back and forth. Her fingers were a blur right before my eyes. As she worked along with me, our combined efforts caused her to blow.
“Fuck!” She screamed loudly as she shook. As her orgasm passed, she slowly rubbed her exposed lips up and down my face, covering me in her scent. “So how do you like the taste of this Black pussy? I bet it tastes better than your wife’s.”
I didn’t dignify that last statement. Instead, I slid underneath her until I was able to push myself up. Standing above her created a power shift. As my member stood at attention, she couldn’t take her eyes off of it.
She licked her lips, “Damn! It’s been a while since I’ve had such a nice looking cock.”
“If you want it then come taste it.”
I didn’t need to tell her twice. She crawled to the edge of her bed, her hips swaying. Her delectable frame looked increasingly enticing as she moved. Soon, her fat lips were kissing the tip of my cock as if she were welcoming home a lover after a long day. Soon that kiss turned into a wild and sloppily wet tongue moving up and down its length. She grabbed my base and tugged with the same ferocity that she used on her clit. That combined with her tongue-work was insane. I tilted my head back and moaned.
“Oh! Fuck yes!”
She chuckled, “You like this, baby? Well then how about this?” She finished by sucking my tip into her mouth. She didn’t take it deep. She stayed at the tip, sucking fiercely. As she did, her hand continued to move like a piston and her tongue bravely assaulted that lovely sensitive spot beneath my cockhead.
Her eyes were on my face as she measured my reactions and adjusted her behavior accordingly. It wasn’t long before I was approaching my limit. If I didn’t stop her then she would get a mouthful of me and that wasn’t the place where I wanted to fill her up.
I roughly pulled her up and crushed my lips to hers. She kissed me back with the same ferocity.
I pushed her over and she fell with a yelp. I crawled on top of her and continued kissing her. Her hands were all over my body. She was pulling, scratching and leaving marks all over my body.
“Did you like my mouth? Did I make you want to cum?” Her voice was mocking and I didn’t like it. It made me feel like we were back in her office and she was having a go at me.
Instead of answering her, I grabbed her arms and pinned them above her head. I held her wrists in one hand as my other moved down her body. While I dived into her tightness, my lips went to her neck and down to her breasts. She squirmed as I manipulated her womanhood. My lips on her body got her going too.
Now it was my turn. “How do you like it? Do you want to cum? Huh? Do you want to fucking cum?”
She nodded. “Yes! Yes!”
“You’re going to cum with just this much? That’s fine. Get yours! Cum on my fucking fingers, Amara! Do it! Do it!”
She was puffing air as her chest rose and fell. I abandoned kissing her while I focused on stabbing and rubbing her depths. Her eyes were closed tightly but she would occasionally open them and glance up at me. I could see the change occur just as I could feel it. She wasn’t in control of this moment, I was and it felt glorious. I held her wrists and manipulated her. Her knees pressed together as her body squirmed underneath me. Her thighs held my hand fast to her pussy. The only sounds that could be heard were her howls of pleasure and the squelching of her soft and wet pussy.
“Don’t stop!” She was breathless. “Please! I’m going…I’m going to cum! Fuck!”
As she promised, her pussy convulsed around my fingers as her head lifted off the bed, her neck ridged. “Oh! Oh! Oh!” I felt her hands jerking so I released them. They immediately went to her face as she covered it and rolled on her side. I heard her muffle, “Holy shit! Look at what you did to me. I can’t believe what you did to me.”
She rolled back on her back. When she uncovered her face she stared right into me. It was unsettling but I couldn’t look away.
Her voice was deep, “I hope you plan on taking responsibility now that you’ve gotten me like this, baby.”
I assumed she meant that she wanted more so I smiled, “Absolutely.”
I moved down the bed and grabbed her legs. I pulled her up against me, while setting her legs on top of my thighs. I watched her intently as she nodded. “Fuck me, baby. Don’t hold anything back.”
I wanted to ask if she was sure but I knew that would detract from the moment. At times like this you just had to the ride the wave and see where you ended up.
I lined my cock against her entrance. I held her thighs tightly, as I slowly moved everything inside of her.
She pulled and twisted her sheets. “Oh! Oh! Oh my God!” I continued filling her up as her chest and torso moved wildly like she was trying to escape…which was confusingly at odds with her words. “Fuck me deep! Don’t you fucking stop until you give it all to me! Don’t fucking stop, baby! Baby! Fuck!”
Per her request, I didn’t stop until I couldn’t go any further. Despite her pleas, her pussy wouldn’t fully accommodate me…at least not yet. I pulled back and pressed back in. As I did, her tight pussy moved around me in the most interesting way. I gasped as I looked up at her. She was watching me with a smile on her face. She knew what she was doing and smiled once I noticed. There was no way that it could move the way that it did unless she did something. I smirked. Heh! Thank God for kegel exercises, right?
As I worked in and out of her, I was able to fit more of my cock inside of her until I was in fully. Although, I was able to finally fit it all in, her pussy got progressively tighter and tighter. I knew that it was Amara’s doing and I was in awe.
“Do you like this pussy? Huh? Tell me how you feel, baby.”
I could only speak the truth. I was too engrossed in pleasure to do anything but that. “It’s amazing! I can’t believe how amazing it is.”
She was moving her hips against me. “Yeah! I knew you’d like it. It’s just for you, baby. Take this pussy! Make it yours!”
She was egging me on and it was a challenge that I couldn’t resist. I roared as I slammed into her. Her bed shook, and she quickly wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me to her. She was holding on for dear life as she grunted in return.
I roared again. I slammed into her again. Her legs wrapped possessively behind my back. 
I roared again. She screamed. “Don’t fucking stop!”
Again and again and again! Her condo was filled with the loud sounds of us fucking. I shed my own pretenses and allowed myself to get lost in the animalistic embrace. She kept me close. It was as if she was loathed to release me.
I stopped thinking about power games. I stopped considering what my next move would be. I was completely lost in the sex and it was an amazing experience. 
At one point she ended up on her knees. I was behind her, holding onto her hip in one hand while the other was holding her arm at the elbow. She looked back at me in awe and lust. Her breast sloshed as I continued to abuse her depths. Her eyes at once softened and grew sharp. It was a paradox but it was beautiful.
“I’m going to cum again, baby. I’m going to cum.”
When she said those words, I knew that I wanted to cum with her lips on mine.
“Me too. On your back. Get on your fucking back!”
Turned over so quickly that before I realized it, I was atop her again and this time her lips were on mine and her arms were around my shoulders.
Our position didn’t stop us from fucking each other blind. I felt my orgasm on the horizon and she could sense it.
“Hurry, baby! Hurry! I can’t…I can’t hold it! I’m going to cum!”
I moved faster and faster until…Bam!
“Fuck!”
I forced myself even deeper inside as I reached my peak. She climaxed around me and screamed loudly when she felt my spunk release inside of her.
The orgasm was too intense. I couldn’t move if I wanted to.
I heard her breathing in my ear, “That’s what I wanted. Thank you! Thank you!”
The last thing I remember was her rubbing my back and my head. At some point I must’ve fallen asleep because when I woke it was the middle of the night. I looked over and Amara was sleeping soundly next to me.
She was even more beautiful as she slept. I looked at the clock and it read 1:15. I knew that I needed to head home but I felt guilty just leaving in the middle of the night like that. While I contemplated what I was going to do, Amara roused.
“Mmmm.” She sleepily opened her eyes and after a moment, she smiled. “Hey!”
I rolled on my side, “Hey.” I leaned forward and kissed her lips.
“Mmmm. That’s nice.” She looked at the clock. “Man, when did it get so late? Are you staying the night?”
I shook my head. “No, I think I’d better get home.”
Nodding, she smiled. “No problem. Thanks for last night.” She kissed me with a smile on her face and then rolled over. By the time I was dressed, she was already asleep. I tiptoed out of her condo and then drove home.

All the lights were off when I got home, as they should’ve been. I parked in the garage and headed straight inside. I considered heading into the shower but I didn’t have the ambition. As I walked through the kitchen and living room towards the stairs, the hair on the back of my neck started standing.
A sudden small illumination quickly let me know that I wasn’t alone.
“Hello…Jacob.”
As if saying one’s name could shorten their life, I felt my own life shortened by about 5-years in that moment. I turned towards the source of the light and the voice.
Seated arrogantly on my couch was a beautiful woman with rage burning in her eyes.
“Toni?”
She was bathed in the light of the lamp. She was dressed in tiny shorts and an even tinier shirt. Her hair was pulled back into a severe ponytail. She wasn’t wearing any make-up. Sleepless bags clung underneath her eyes. She looked like she had been there for a while.
“Toni? What are you doing here?”
She smiled…it was not a friendly gesture. “What’s wrong, Jacob? Am I not welcome?”
I approached her carefully. The air was tense with danger. I had to take care to remain outside of her reach. “Of course you’re welcome here, Toni. But what I don’t understand is why you’re here and why you’re sitting in my living room at this time of night. Is everything okay?”
She rolled her head in a slow circle while her eyes remained trained on me. Frankly, it was scary as hell. “Why am I here? Oh just checking up on my dear brother-in-law. What about you? Why are you coming home so late?”
I could hear the trap in her words. Nevertheless, I didn’t have a move. I could tell her the truth and she would likely explode or I could lie but she would likely see through it. While I wrestled with what to say, she slowly stood and walked towards me.
I stepped back, “T-Toni. Are you okay?”
“Hmm. Am I okay? I’m not sure.”
“What’s going on?”
“Well…would you be okay if you gave your heart to someone and they trampled all over it? Ha! What am I saying? That’s what my sister did isn’t it?”
I stopped moving then. Why was she throwing what Rachel did in my face like that? It wasn’t like Toni to do such a thing.
She continued. “Oh, I’m sorry. Is that off limits? We can’t talk about how much of a little shit you were when my sister played your stupid ass? Huh? We can’t talk about that can we?”
I could feel the rage building in me. I needed to get it in check. “Toni. Stop.”
“No!” She was close enough to touch me and she did so by swatting at my chest. “No! I’m not going to stop! You played me! You lied to me! You said that I was the only one! The only one, you stupid fucking asshole! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!” She screamed as she started swinging wildly.
I caught her wrists and held them tightly.
“Toni! Toni! Stop!”
She didn’t stop. She screamed as she struggled to pull her wrists free. “No! I’m going to kill you, you asshole!”
I couldn’t hold her any longer without hurting her. I released her and pushed her back. “Toni, tell me what’s going on!” It was no use. She launched towards me, feet and fists flying. The only thing I could do, save knock her out, was wrestle her to the ground. I ducked under her punches and grabbed her waist. I picked her up off the ground as her feet continued to peddle.
“Put me down you asshole! Put me down!”
“No! Not until you tell me what’s going on!”
“What’s going on? Don’t play stupid, you dick! You know what this is about. You’re fucking cheating! Aren’t you? Tell me the truth, you fucker!”
“Cheat...cheating? What are you talking about?”
“You’re cheating on me!”
“Toni, stop! How can I be cheating on you? We’re not even…!” I stopped before I said something even more damning.
“What? We’re not in a relationship? How can you say that when you fucked me over and over again? How can you say that when I gave my virginity to you, you goddamn prick!”
“Toni, please just tell me what’s going on.”
“Who was she?”
I felt cold sweats. Did she somehow find out about Sarah? If so, then I was screwed and so was Sarah.
“Who was that fucking Black bitch you were leaving the bar with, huh?”
I exhaled. “Black? Huh? Oh!”
She stopped moving and looked back at me. “Yeah. I know about her.”
“Okay. I’ll tell you but you’ve got to promise not to try to hit me if I sit you down.”
She didn’t say anything but she did nod her head and sure enough, when I placed her on the ground she didn’t try to dropkick me.
She headed to her phone and picked it up. She turned to me. There was a sole photo on the screen. It was a photo of Amara and I at the bar last night. It was taken in the moment just before I grabbed her hand and we left the bar. We were still sitting next to each other and had just kissed.
I looked at Toni and she was fuming. “Well? Who the hell is she?”
“Toni…umm…”
“What? You’re going to tell me she was just some friend? Huh? Is that it? So I guess it’s just a coincidence that you were caught with her and then you suddenly appear at your house the next morning at 2AM? Huh? Bullshit!”
“Toni, calm down.”
“Don’t fucking tell me to calm down! Who is she?”
I sighed. “That’s Amara.”
“Amara?” She looked confused. “Who is she to you?”
“She’s my marriage counselor.”
She blinked several times before looking back at the photo. “Why are you and your therapist meeting in a bar? Huh?”
I suppose it was now or never. There was no sense in lying. “I had sex with her.”
If I thought she was mad before, I would’ve been wrong. If fire could pour from a person’s eyes, then that’s what she was doing. I was just happy she didn’t have a gun. Something told me I would’ve caught a few slugs in the chest just then.
“You had what? WHAT?” She pounced on me with such force that I fell over. She was on top of me wailing away with her fists. “I hate you! I hate you! Ugh!”
She kept trying to strike me and I kept dodging, which infuriated her more.
“Stop moving so I can kill you, you fucking bastard!”
I had had enough. “Stop.”
She kept going.
“I said stop!” I pushed her off of me and she fell on the ground. I hurried off the couch and moved to the other side of the room. She remained on the ground, crunched over and holding herself.
“Why are you so mad, huh? You’re the one who suggested that I be a ‘bad boy’. Remember? That was right before you used my heartache to manipulate me into fucking you. You suggested that I had a hall pass, right? That was all your idea. So now what? You’re mad because you found out that there could be someone else that is interested in me? Well guess what! There is! I’m sorry!”
Slowly she stood. Her face was twisted as she fought back tears. “How could you?” The words were full of pain and caused me to feel immediate grief and guilt. “How could you say that to me? I thought…I thought you and I had something. I know it’s not traditional. I know that it’s wrong. But it was ours. How could you just toss me aside like I didn’t even matter? I thought you were better than that.”
“Toni. I’m sorry. I didn’t do this to hurt you.”
“Then why did you do it?”
“Honestly?”
She scoffed, “I think that that might be all we have left don’t you?”
“I did it because I wanted to. I did it because I wanted to feel good. I did it because I could.”
“Feel good? I could’ve made you feel good. You feel good with me, don’t you?”
I nodded, “Of course. It’s amazing.”
“Then why do you also need her? I thought that you…l-loved me.”
“Oh Toni.”  I wanted to hold her but I knew better.
“I know that we can’t be together but that doesn’t mean that I want you to be with anyone else.”
“Toni, that’s not fair.”
Her eyes grew fierce. “What’s not fair? Huh? What?”
“You can’t go around and do what you want with whomever you want and think that you can keep me locked up here. That’s what Rachel did, remember?”
Being compared to her sister in such a fashion pulled her back from the brink. “What do you mean?”
“How many guys have you dated since you and I started sleeping together.”
“A few. Why? What does that have to do with anything?”
“How many have you had sex with?”
Her face blushed. “It’s…I mean…what does it matter?”
“See? That’s what I mean. You can’t jump down my throat when you’re doing the exact same thing.”
“But I haven’t. I haven’t been with anyone else in weeks.”
“So you’re saying that you’re not going to go out on anymore dates?”
“Well…”
“Exactly. I’m not pissed at you because you’re living your life. I might tease you but I would never think to ask you to stop. It’s your life.”
“But I don’t want you to be with anyone else.” Her voice was pitiable.
“I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.”
“Is it serious?”
I shook my head. “No. It was a one-time thing.”
“Promise?”
I nodded. “Yeah. I promise.”
She wiped tears from her face. “Ugh! I hate feeling this way!”
“So are we good?”
She shook her head. “No. I’m still pissed at you but I think I get what you’re saying. I guess I didn’t consider that before.”
“Can I hug you?”
“You’d better fucking hug me, you dick!”
I chuckled as I wrapped my arms around her. “I’m sorry.”
“You should be sorry, you ass.”
Toni and I headed upstairs. She went to the guest room and I went to my room. I could tell that the two of us weren’t good but we were better in a different more honest way. I didn’t know what this would mean in the long run but I had to believe that it meant moving in a healthier direction.
For the rest of that night, I slept unmolested. Toni remained in the guest bedroom so when I awoke to the sound of my alarm I was only partially surprised.
After a quick run on the treadmill, I took a shower and got dressed. By the time I made it downstairs, Toni was already dressed and was putting the finishing touches on a blueberry bagel.
“Good morning.” Her voice didn’t have the normal Toni-swag, nor did it contain the anger that she displayed last night. Her voice was hollow and tired.
“Good morning, Toni.”
The air was tense and I felt like I was walking on eggshells. I hazarded a glance in her direction and she was staring, bleary-eyed, into the backyard. I didn’t know what to say, so I settled for a silence interrupted by the sounds of the blender. Once my smoothie was complete, I decided that I didn’t want to continue this awkward relationship with Toni.
“Toni?”
Her head snapped in my direction so quickly that I stepped back in shock. “Yeah.”
“About last night…”
“What about it?”
“I just wanted to know how you’re feeling. I obviously hurt you and I’m sorry for that. Are we going to be okay?”
She slowly chewed her bagel as she mulled over my words. Eventually, she started to nod. “Yeah, I think we’re going to be fine. It was a one-time thing, right?”
I nodded.
“Do you want to make it an occasional thing?”
I thought about it and the truth is, I didn’t feel more than a fleeting attraction to Amara. The fact that she was my therapist didn’t help matters. I couldn’t see myself getting seriously involved with her because eventually, she would also need to treat Rachel and I together. I shook my head. “No. I don’t.”
She pushed her plate across the table. “Look, I know that we’re not exclusive. We can’t be. You’re still married to my sister and all. But just answer me this.”
“Yeah?”
“This…thing between us. Am I the only one that feels it? Is it real or is it just something that I dreamed up?”
I’ve feared this moment since we first began our affair. My attraction to Toni had always been there, in the background guarded by my devotion to her sister. That devotion has since shattered. I’m attracted, possessive and interested in her. But is that all? No. There was no sense in lying to myself. I felt it developing a long time ago, which is why I always willfully ignored it but I couldn’t do that anymore. Yes—I loved the sex. Yes—I loved her friendship. Yes—I loved her. I was in love with Toni but I never planned on actually giving those feelings words. It made it all too real. Unfortunately, that self-imposed rule didn’t include a clause regarding what to do when asked pointblank.
She was holding her breath as she waited for my response.
It wasn’t my intention to torture her. Nodding, I admitted, “It’s real. I feel it too. I’ve felt it for a while.”
I didn’t need to say more. I could sense that she was picking up on how I felt because she felt the same thing. Neither of us needed to elaborate.
Finally, she spoke. “Okay. Well then I guess that settles it then. We’re good. I’m sorry not sorry I tried to smash your face in. I was mad and I was tired.”
“So you’re saying I should make sure you take a nap before I piss you off in the future?”
She laughed, “How about you just don’t piss me off. Oh and by the way, we’re still going out tonight and because you got your rocks off at my expense I’m going to make sure that I order the most expensive stuff on the menu and you’re going to have to treat me.”
If this were my penance then I would gladly pay it. It wasn’t everyday that a person could hurt someone the way that I clearly hurt Toni and get off so light. I nodded. “Of course. It would be my honor.”
She smiled and I saw a little bit of the madness from last night sneak through. “Oh boy. I’m going to make you pay for last night. Just you wait and see.”
Okay…yeah. I’ll admit it. I was a little afraid.

When I signed onto my computer at work, I saw that one of the 30 new emails I had was from Amara.

Hey Jake,
Last night was fun! Lets do it again sometime. 
xxx~Amara~xxx

Instead of responding, I deleted the message and went about my day. I had a blast with Amara, but it wasn’t something I planned on continuing. Of course, I didn’t know how this would affect our working relationship. Honestly, I didn’t think that far ahead. I just wanted to see if I could do it, which as it turns out, I could.
It was Friday and the pre-weekend buzz was in the air. Even I felt a sense of elation, knowing that this long week was coming to an end. 
“Hey Jake!” Sarah was also feeling jubilant as she sat before me.
“Hey Sarah. What’s up?”
Throughout this week, Sarah had worn one stylish and sexy outfit after the other. This one was no different. Seated across from me in a light smoke-colored skirt and a ruffled white blouse, she looked like a naughty secretary and I loved it. Her blonde locks were pulled up into a tight bun, gathered at nape of her neck. All she was missing was a set of pearls and she would’ve fit right in with the sexy trophy wife crowd.
Her smile was adorable, “Nothing. I just wondered if you had plans.”
“You mean this weekend?”
She nodded, “Yeah. I was thinking that if you weren’t doing anything that maybe you could come by or I could come over and we could see where the night took us.”
“That sounds delectable.” Despite the attractiveness of her offer, I knew canceling on Toni was not an option. Still, I hesitated in telling Sarah about my plans. She knew about what was going on with Toni and I but that didn’t stop me from initially swallowing my words.
She must’ve picked up on my discomfort. “What is it? Do you have plans?”
Nodding, I said, “Yeah. I promised Toni that I would take her out for dinner tonight.” Sarah’s eyes were flat. I couldn’t pick up on any facial ticks that may have granted me insight into her thoughts. I heard the words rushing out of me before I could stop them. “You see, I promised you both dinner for the party that time and well you got your dinner but Toni didn’t. She suggested it and I didn’t say no.”
Without a word, Sarah stood and came around my desk. She sat on the edge of the desk as her hand fell on my shoulder. She smiled and it was a lovely expression. “Don’t worry about it. You have plans. I’m not mad. Do what you need to do but just know, if you’re free, I wouldn’t mind having a bit of your attention.”
I didn’t deserve someone like Sarah in my life. After everything that she’s gone through, she is still so kind and selfless.
I touched her hand and nodded, “Thanks for understanding. And yeah. I’ll definitely call you this weekend.”
“Okay. I’ll look forward to it.”
“Look forward to what?”
The question came from my left. Sarah and I turned our heads in that direction and saw Toni standing at the door, her arms crossed and a perturbed expression on her face. I immediately pulled my hand back as I felt like I had been caught with my hand in the cookie jar, although nothing that I was doing was sexual or wrong. Still, I felt guilty.
As Toni came in the room, Sarah partially turned to face her. I saw Sarah smile and it was a smile that I’ve never seen on her face before. It was smug yet bubbly. Although, I pulled my hand back, Sarah’s hand remained on my shoulder as she responded.
“Hey Toni! I was just having a little chat with Jake.”
Toni stopped a couple of feet away from Sarah, her arms crossed over her multi-hued blouse and red blazer. Toni’s smile was tight but not entirely unfriendly. Nevertheless, I felt the air chill about 30 degrees as these two women stared at each other.
“Oh? What were you both chatting about?” Toni’s right eyebrow arched as her eyes moved from Sarah’s face to her hand, which was still confidently resting on my shoulder.
Sarah shrugged, as if she didn’t notice or didn’t care that Toni was upset. “Oh nothing big. I was just hoping to get his opinion about a few things. Hey! I heard you both are going out to dinner tonight. That’s great! I hope you have a great time.”
It was tiny but I saw Toni bristle a bit. “Yes, that’s right. He’s taking me out.”
“So it’s like a date then, huh?”
“If you’d want to call it that.”
“Well? What would you call it?”
“Payback.”
“Really? And what does he have to pay you back for?”
“Nothing really major. Just a kind gesture of reciprocity.”
“Oh, I see. I guess it’s true what they say.” Sarah stood, pulling her skirt down as it had inched up her thighs when she sat on my desk.
Toni uncrossed her arms and placed one hand on her hip while the other dangled loosely at her side. “What do you mean?”
She smiled, “What goes around comes around.”
Toni’s mouth opened and then closed. Her eyes darted towards me but I was too shocked by the back and forth of these two to be of any help. 
Still smiling, Sarah grabbed her papers and headed towards the door. Before she left, she turned, “Enjoy your dinner date you two.” Then she winked at me, “We’ll talk later…Jacob.”
When she heard my name fall so seductively from Sarah’s lips, Toni went into overdrive and was barely able to contain herself. As I heard Sarah’s heels clicking down the hall, Toni turned to me, her brown eyes wide and her face twisted in frustration. “What the hell was that all about?”

The restaurant where Sofi worked was an expensive and opulent place. Not only was everything on the menu pricy but also the décor was ostentatious. Nevertheless, I had to give it to them. The food and the service were beyond my expectations. 
Toni sat before me, her brown curls in a graceful loose up-do. Her shimmering dress reflected the candlelight in such a way that made it difficult not to get lost in the glimmering fire that was reflected. Her lips, plump and moist, looked edible they were so attractive. A light silver dash of eyeliner made her look at once dangerous and approachable. She smiled at me as she neatly enjoyed our dessert course, which was specially made by Sofi herself.
While the atmosphere was indeed beautiful, I marveled at the beauty before me. I’ve seen Toni dressed sexily. I’ve seen her dressed professionally. I’ve seen her dressed slutty. I’ve even seen her naked for Heaven’s sake! But the woman before me blew them all away. I’ve never seen her so…so…majestic!
Between bites of food, I took every opportunity that I could to steal glances at her.
As she popped the last cherry infused dessert dish into her mouth, I smiled.
“So? Did I earn back your trust?”
Her eyes were closed, as she enjoyed the last of her dessert. She nodded, “You’re getting there. It helps that you brought me flowers, but don’t get ahead of yourself. You’re still in the dog house.”
I chuckled. Toni didn’t say anything but I knew that she would make a big deal out of tonight. So I stopped and bought 2-dozen red roses. It was an over the top gesture but one that I’m glad that I made, especially when she opened her door, dressed in that ravishing gown. 
As she sipped her wine, I felt her foot touch mine. “So, what do you have planned after this?”
I was right. She was expecting big things tonight. “Well, I was thinking that after this we could walk over to Buckingham Fountain. It’s a nice night and you look amazing.”
She smiled, “So you want to show me off, eh? Not a bad idea. But lets not. The fountain is too touristy for my taste.”
“Well, do you have any better ideas?”
She smiled, “Yeah. One.”
A little while later we were back at her apartment. She made me wait in the living room as she disappeared into the back.
It had been a while since I was in Toni’s apartment. It hadn’t changed that much. There were a few more pictures on the wall and she had bought new furniture. But it was just your standard updated mid-century apartment building.
Her voice floated from the back of the apartment, pulling me towards her. “Jacob? Come back here.”
I followed the voice until I was at her bedroom door. I found her, on her knees in the middle of the bed. A sexy and familiar garment covered her body.
“Do you remember this?” Her voice was honey in my ears as her hands moved over her large breasts, which were barely contained by the tiny negligee.
I nodded as I approached. “Yeah. How could I forget?”
She was wearing the same teddy bear nighty that she wore the first night that we slept together. Even the panties were the same with their large bows on the side. Just the sight of this slim and enticing negligee got my thoughts running right back to that night. That night was both the night when I died and came alive and it was all thanks to Toni.
“Good. I’d hoped that you would remember. Now come here so you can get your punishment.”
I untied my tie and tossed it behind me as I lost my suit coat along with it. “This doesn’t seem much like a punishment, you know.”
She crawled towards me, her sexy bottom waving in the air. “Oh hush. My house. My rules.”
Once she helped me remove my clothes, it was her turn. I untied the bows as slowly as I could manage while barely remaining in control. Her trimmed bush was before me and I couldn’t wait to taste her. As her hands went to the hem of her negligee, I reached out and stopped her.
“No. Leave it on. It’s too beautiful to remove.”
She hesitated. “Oh okay. But be careful with it. I don’t want it ripped. It’s very important to me.”
I kissed her soft lips. “I promise.”
Satisfied, she fell back and pulled me along with her. To keep my promise, I made sure to keep my touches light and not too rough. But when she pushed my head towards her cunt, all bets were off. I dived in and ate her pussy like it was giving me life.
“Yeah. That’s it, baby. Eat that pussy! Eat it!” She was taunting me with her words and I loved it. “Look at me!” I did and she smiled. “Good boy. Stick out your fucking tongue.” As I stuck my tongue into her cunt, she held my head and started bouncing up and down on my tongue, forcing it, shallowly, into her depths.
She continued her taunts. “Here. Taste that? Huh? Do you taste that fucking pussy, bitch? That’s right. That’s the only other pussy you get to taste from now on. Taste it! Lick it! Remember it! Love it! Love it like it’s the only fucking thing in this world worth loving! Ah! Ah! There! Right there! Do you love it? Huh?” I nodded. “That’s right. Never forget it. Never ever forget that you love this pussy.”
She pressed her pussy against my face and rolled her hips over and over again as she got off on the power and pleasure. Once she was done, I pulled myself up on my knees. She was regaining her breath as she lied on her back. But she had had her fun. Now it was my turn. I ran my cock up and down her slit, getting it good and wet.
She held her hand up. “Wait!”
I stopped. “What’s wrong?” I suddenly grew worried. She said she would punish me. Maybe she was planning on blue-balling me.
“You need to wear a condom.”
I sighed gratefully. “Oh! Are you sure?” I ran my cock up and down her slit once more.
She shuddered. “Oh God! No. No. Wait you need one on…that is…unless you want to get me pregnant.”
I looked into her eyes and I’ll be honest, a part of me wanted to forge ahead. I had wanted to father a child for years and now was a chance. She must’ve sensed my internal conflict because she reached towards her nightstand.
She tossed the condom into my chest and I caught it. “Dude. Remember, you’re still married to my sister. Put the condom on and stop being an idiot.”
When she put it like that I had no choice but to think rationally. I slid the condom on and then it was game on.
I promised her I wouldn’t tear her negligee but it was a damn hard promise to keep. I fucked her hard like she wanted.
“Fuck! That’s so good, Jacob! That’s good!”
“Holy fuck! Your pussy is so fucking great! So great!”
“Don’t stop! Don’t you fucking stop!”
And we didn’t stop. Not until we both came multiple times. 
We were sweating and spent, several used condoms tied shut and lying on the floor by her bed. 
We were panting. She rested her head on my shoulder until her breathing slowed and eventually evened. It was several minutes before I realized that she fell asleep. I moved to get dressed. As I shifted her arm instinctively wrapped around me and squeezed. I heard her grunt, “No”, and I knew that she wanted me to stay. So I abandoned my idea of leaving and wrapped us both in the sheets and rested my head on her pillow. Soon I too was sleeping peacefully.

“Thanks for last night. Lets go out on more dates, kay?” Toni kissed me as she ushered me out of her apartment.
“That sounds great. We’ll have to make it a thing.” I kissed her back and then headed towards the exit.
On my way home, I got a few texts. One was from Toni. One was from Sarah. One was from Rachel and three were from a number I didn’t know.
I responded to Toni, Sarah and Rachel in turn. Then I pulled up the messages from the number I didn’t recognize.

Hey! How’s it going?
What are you up to today?
Want to get together later?

I responded the only way that I could.

I’m sorry but who are you?

The response was nearly instantaneous. 

It’s me.
Me who?
Amara.
Oh! LOL. Sorry. I didn’t know the number.
Oh! Got ya. Sorry. This is my cell.
I gathered. What’s up?
Nothing. Just thinking about you.
Nice thoughts I hope.
Of course. Nothing but actually.
Good.
So…want to come over?
Sorry I can’t.
Why not?
I’ve got some work I need to do.

It wasn’t the complete truth but there was some work that I needed to get done this weekend. In truth I was tired and just wanted to get more sleep. I’m not entirely sure why I lied. Something just told me that it was the right move.

Aw. Too bad. Maybe next time.
Sounds good.
I can’t stop thinking about you. I want you between my thighs. I want that cock in my mouth. I can’t wait to taste it again.
LOL. 
I’m not joking. I need you. NOW!
Sorry. Next time. K?
I’ll hold you to that.
Deal.
Oh. I left something in your mailbox. I hope you like it. ;)

I climbed out of my car and walked down my driveway to my mailbox. I opened it and sure enough, there was a wide envelope. I took it into the house before opening it. Inside was a pair of gray panties. They looked familiar. If I’m not mistaken, those were the panties that Amara wore the time we were together. There was a note inside the envelope.
I pulled out the small 3x5 index card. On it, written with red lipstick, were the words:
I’m waiting.

It was odd and I wondered how she got my address but then I realized that she probably got it from one of the dozens of forms we filled out when we were first getting started with her. I guessed the note and panties were her way of being forward and sexual. It wasn’t unwelcome. I spirited the panties in my pocket. As I did, my phone went off again.

Well?
Nice. Thanks. They’re a great reminder…not that I need one.
LOL! I’m glad you liked it. I can’t wait to take off more for you, baby.
Sounds like a plan.
See you soon! xoxo-xxx!

After setting my phone down, I got in the shower. After that I started doing some of the work that I’ve been putting off. I worked for about four hours. The only break I took was when I stopped long enough to call Rachel. Our conversation was brief but she sounded excited about me flying out next weekend. She rattled on about the dozens of things she wanted to do. After that I made sure to send an email Sarah and a few others to let them know that I wouldn’t be in the office next Friday or the following Monday.
That email reminded me that I was supposed to call Sarah. So after I finished working, I ringed her.
“Hello?” Her voice was twang-y and bubbly. 
I smiled into the phone. “Hey, Sarah. It’s Jake.”
“Oh I know! I saw your name come up on my phone. So…you actually called. Huh?”
I chuckled, “I promised that I would call didn’t I?”
“Yeah. But you know how guys are.”
“Well, I’m not like that. If I say I’ll call then I will.”
“No games?”
“Maybe a few games.”
“Heh! Yeah, a few.”
“So what are you up to?”
“Not much. I was just doing some laundry.”
“Whoa! Don’t go too crazy. You might hurt yourself.”
“Oh hush! Stop teasing me. I was just getting things done that need to get done. That’s all.”
“Any plans?”
“Funny enough—yes. You’ll never guess who called and asked me to hang out.”
“Okay, I’ll bite. Who?”
“Toni!”
I felt a cold shiver cascade down my spine. I didn’t know what Toni had in mind by asking Sarah out but I knew it wasn’t good. After their run-in yesterday, Toni was suspiciously quiet on the subject. I knew that Sarah had irked her but she didn’t bring it up and I sure as hell wasn’t going to.
“Wow!”
“I know! Right?”
“So you’re going out with her?”
“Yeah, I think we’ll go out and grab a drink or two. Want to come?”
“No. You two have fun…or whatever it is that you’re going to have.”
She laughed. “Don’t worry. Despite that little display yesterday, I think that we’re fine. No need to get all jumpy.”
I hoped she was right. “Okay. Well in that case, I guess I’ll just call it an early night.”
“Well wait. Why not stay up a little late.”
“Oh? What for?”
“Well Toni wants to meet up at 5. It’s not like we’re going to be out all night. How about I come by later. I could ditch her early and come by and we can watch a movie…or something.”
It was the ‘or something’ that grabbed my attention. “Okay. That sounds good. Just text me when you’re on your way.”
“Roger that! Well I’d better let you go. I still need to shower and stuff. See you tonight, Jacob!”
“See you tonight, Sarah.”
The rest of the day was mainly uneventful. I worked out. Ate. I even had time to play some football on my gaming system. I looked at the clock and it was just after 7 o’clock. I didn’t know when to expect Sarah so I decided to jump in the shower.
I was halfway through my shower when I heard a loud crash. Turning off the water, I wrapped a towel around my waist and headed towards the bathroom door.
“Hello?” I called out and of course, no one answered.
I slid on some pants and then walked, barefooted, down the stairs. I checked each room as I made my way from my bedroom to the kitchen. There was no one there but me. Once in the kitchen I saw that the wine glass that I used when I was eating dinner had fallen and was shattered on the floor. Next to it was a shattered photo frame that contained one of Rachel and my wedding photos. The 8x10 frame normally rested on the island countertop. How it wound up on the floor, shattered was a mystery. But at least I figured out the source of the sound. That frame was expensive and solid. It crashing against the marble flooring would’ve made a loud sound.
I looked at the mess. Although one mystery was solved, it brought about more questions than answers. I was certain that I placed my wine glass in the sink and not on the island. How the two wound up in broken pieces on the floor next to each other was a mystery in and of itself. Maybe I was wrong and I didn’t sit the glass in the sink but that still didn’t explain why either of them fell.
Well one thing was for certain, I wasn’t going to find out the answer just sitting there. Before I tackled the broken shards I ran upstairs and finished my shower, stopping by the front door to make sure that it was locked. It was.
The remainder of my shower was a tension-filled affair by which I was constantly on the look out for new and strange sounds. Other than a few normal house sounds, nothing abnormal happened.
After cleaning the broken glass, I went online to buy another picture frame. Shortly after that, I got a text from Sarah.

Hey! Just going to stop by my apartment to grab a movie then I’ll be over. Need anything?
Just you.
LOL! Well that you can definitely have. I can’t wait to see you.
Ditto!

I chilled a bottle of wine while I waited for her to arrive. I couldn’t believe the changes that have happened in my life. I felt like I was living every man’s fantasy. Sure, it all started because of heartbreak. What Rachel did destroyed me. It hurt so bad that I wanted to die but it didn’t take that long for the pain to transmute into something different. What hurt and scarred me turned out to be a blessing in disguise. Whether or not Rachel and I were able to work through our issues remained to be seen. But in the interim, I’ve connected with Toni, Sarah and Amara in ways that I didn’t think were possible. Furthermore, the time with Tonya and Sofi was just icing on a triple-layered devil’s chocolate cake. 
The only downside was that my indiscretion with Amara led to Toni finding out. During dinner, I had the chance to ask Toni about the photo. She said that Tonya was in the bar and had taken the photo when she saw me. I couldn’t be upset. She was just being a good friend. Besides, it wasn’t like I could keep this up forever. Eventually, things would either fall apart or I would have to rip it apart. But until that happened, I would certainly enjoy the ride.

A little while later, Sarah showed up. Her long hair was straightened so her golden locks shined in the falling sunlight. She smiled as I opened the door. “Evening, Jacob!” Confidently, she stepped into my home wearing a tiny pair of jean shorts that only just barely covered the essentials while a white lace-top exposed a delectable amount of skin through its shear material. I could easily see the white bra that worked to contain her generous mounds.
I stepped aside as she came in and closed the door behind her. Once the door was closed, she stood on her toes and planted a deep kiss on my lips.
She smirked as she pulled back. “Damn! I missed that.” Then she kissed me again.
Before she got my engine really revved up, she stepped back and held up the movie.
“Want to pop some popcorn while I put this in?” Her innocent smile and sexy garb acted in contradiction to each other but she was still extremely comely. 
I nodded, “Yeah. You know where the entertainment room is. I’ll grab the wine and pop the popcorn.”
“Okay! Sounds good.” I watched as she bounded down the hallway and around the corner. Her juicy ass bounced as she skipped. I couldn’t wait to taste it.
Fortunately, I didn’t have to wait long. We were 10 minutes into the movie when she jumped me.
I was sitting next to her, with my hand on her thigh. While I was nonchalantly rubbing her thigh in little circles, she casually sat her popcorn on the floor next to her and then turned and jumped on me. That lace top wasn’t an effective barrier. It didn’t stop me from reaching beneath it and forcing my hands up and under her bra. Her lips were on my neck as she breathed, “Fuck! I want you so bad!”
I knew that she wasn’t pretending. She only swore when she got worked up. “Same here. I can’t wait any longer.”
She reached for the hem of her shirt, ready to rip it off her body. I reached down and started undoing my belt. At that moment I heard a door close.
We both froze.
“H-hello?”
Sarah’s eyes grew wide and I’m sure the expression of shock that registered on her face  could easily be found on mine.
“Jacob?”
Her voice called out again, this time closer. 
We only had moments. Sarah jumped off of me, simultaneously reaching for her popcorn and straightening her clothes. I clasped my belt, grabbed my wine and pushed myself to the opposite end of the small couch that was one of two places to sit in our small entertainment room.
I called out, “Hey, Toni! Back here!”
Seconds later I heard her feet slapping on the floor. She started talking before she rounded the corner. “Hey! I just came by to see what you were up to. Why is Sarah’s car…!” She stopped when she saw Sarah and I seated on the same couch but at opposite ends.
“Hey Toni! Long time no see.” Sarah’s voice was light and carefree. You couldn’t tell that only seconds earlier she was speaking with such lust in her voice.
Toni leaned against the door. She looked irritated. “What are you doing here? I thought you said that you were going out.”
Sarah popped a kernel in her mouth and chewed. Her nonchalant attitude in opposition to Toni’s antagonism. “Actually, I believe what I told you was that I was going to go hang out with a friend.”
Toni stepped into the room and almost went into orbit when she realized what Sarah was wearing. From the look on her face, I could only assume that Sarah went home and changed between her time with Toni and when she came to see me. “So why are you here?”
“Umm, like I said. I’m hanging out with a friend.” She reached over and patted my leg. “See. Friend.” She pointed to the TV. “Him…friend. Us…watch movie. Us…hanging out.”
Despite the annoyance on Toni’s face, I couldn’t help but chuckle at Sarah’s cleverness. It wasn’t like her to make fun of someone but when she did it was a little funny.
Toni didn’t appreciate my laughter as she came over and plopped down right between us. “So! What are we watching?”
Sarah handed her the movie’s cover and smiled as she cheerfully sat the bowl of popcorn between her and Toni.
Toni wasted no time in marking her territory as she boldly placed her right hand on my thigh in full view of Sarah. If this action irritated Sarah, you wouldn’t have known it. She merely smiled happily as she rested her head on Toni’s shoulder as the movie played.
In that small room the three of us sat and watched a comedy while tension continued to fill the air.
What I didn’t realize then was that that was one of the final moments of levity that I would have in the coming days as things took a sudden turn for the strange and terrifying.

~End~


Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this story! This is not the end for Jacob & Co. Stay tuned for the upcoming novel, titled Sirens — A Gentleman’s Story. This story will explore the backgrounds, lives and perspectives of Rachel, Amara, Toni and Sarah. The four women surrounding Jacob will finally have their stories told! Come back for the drama…the lust…the love…the pain and the excitement! This story won’t be free but it will be worth it!
Cheers! 
T.L. Tate

Sirens — A Gentleman’s Story: arriving Summer 2018!


