


A Heart Eclipsed
by Maria Hughes
copyright Maria Hughes 2015
Smashwords edition



Smashwords edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase additional copies for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.














Table of contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Acknowledgements
Biography
Where to find the Author








Chapter 1

“Look at you!” Katie mentally scolded herself as she took in her reflection in the jeweller’s window. Absently she raised her hand and tucked a loose mousey brown tendril behind her ear. Although it wasn’t apparent in her reflection, she knew her grey roots were beginning to show and add to that her lack of makeup and old tracksuit that had seen better days, she knew she was right to be critical. “How did I get to this?” she wondered, but she already knew the answer, Paul. As soon as she had acknowledged the fact, she knew she had to stop that train of thought. It was a painful memory even now 6 months on. Giving herself a mental shake she dragged her gaze from the window and with mixed emotions walked on.
The fact that it was a warmer than average February morning, was not lost on Katie; how she loved her early morning walks through the town and down to the harbour. Even though she had grown up in Rush, a little seaside town in county Dublin, she never grew tired of its beauty. It was her day off today so she could choose to go at a time that the fishing boats were leaving the harbour for a day’s fishing. The significance of this was also not lost on Katie as she had come from a family with roots in the local fishing trade. As she reached the harbour she could hear the low hum of the engines powering up and with the salty smell of the sea in the morning breeze, she could picture the view even before she turned the last corner.   As she stood against the harbour wall watching the boats disappearing into the horizon she wondered what her grandmother felt as she had stood there waving away as her grandfather headed out for work.
Katie sighed; it was all different here now. The Celtic Tiger had brought rapid growth to the area with housing estates multiplying and with the extra construction employment the fishing trade had dwindled, but there were still some boats that went out daily and she knew them by name. A few seagulls flew over head and Katie’s thoughts came back to the present, and with a mental nod to the past she turned and headed for home.
Walking through the town she paused again at the jeweller’s window, this time not to view her reflection but to gaze at the pocket watch in the centre of the display. When she was young she never grew tired of hearing how her grandmother had given her grandfather a similar pocket watch. It had been her way of letting him know she was ready to spend every moment of her life with him. Many times Katie paused at this window wondering if there would ever be someone worthy of spending the rest of her life with. “Maybe,” Katie answered her own thoughts, “But hopefully I’ll meet him when I’m better attired!” she smiled to herself as she continued up the road greeting those she knew as she went.
She had walked past the hairdressers when thoughts of Paul entered her head. Brushing them aside, partly in denial, she turned around and determinedly walked inside.
“Hi Katie, how are you?” greeted Susan who had gone to school with her.
“I’m fine but I think it’s time I did something about my hair.” Katie answered, while pointing to her so called crowning glory, with a grimace.
“That’s no problem; we actually have a vacancy in the next few minutes if you like?”
 “Great,” sighed Katie, “Lead the way” and she eagerly walked over to the waiting area.
“So what would you like doing?” asked Susan.
“Oh I think we’ll go the whole hog, so to speak. Ah, colour needs doing and I don’t know, maybe restyled? What do you think?” replied Katie as she flicked her fingers through her hair.
“Well...” began Susan eying her hair with interest and in that moment Katie knew she could relax. The changes she needed to make were about to begin.
2 hours later Katie emerged with a restyled bob, not as advanced a style as she had feared. Her hair colour however had been altered quite considerably, but she liked it. Susan had slightly darkened the colour but had given her lighter highlights, something Katie had never tried but had loved the moment she had surveyed herself in the mirror. As she walked on down the street she felt as if she had a spring in her step and with that revelation she found herself smiling. 
Next she visited the chemist, “no need to stop at the hair” she surmised as she wandered through the beauty section. ‘So much to choose from’ she thought as she paused, but taking a deep breath she made the plunge and after arming herself with a selection of beauty products, some of which she would have to read the label to understand! She headed decisively home. At 34 years of age Katie knew this was long overdue.
Later that evening after spending the rest of the day primping and exfoliating and polishing herself and completing beauty treatments that she hadn’t even heard of, Katie lay back in the bath filled with bubbles and allowed her mind to wander. However it wandered in much the same direction as it had been doing all day, to Paul.
                                                        *             *             *     
“Are you ok?” he asked that day six months ago, as she dived out the door of the hotel and straight into him.
“I’m ok, sorry about that,” she replied as she detangled herself from him. It was only as she looked up that she was lost for words or more so lost in the darkest eyes she had ever seen.
Taking in her peach chiffon floor length gown that was showing more of her bust than which she was used to, “I take it you are with the wedding party?” he asked,
“I take it you’re not,” she replied a little sharply, taking offence at the way he was looking at her yet at the same time for the first time today not feeling the need to cover up.
“I’m sorry, you just took me by surprise; let me introduce myself, Paul O’Connor, I’m staying here for the Seminar on local Architecture.”
She wasn’t sure whether to take his outstretched hand or not as she glanced at it.
“I’m Katie, Katie Byrne and you were right; I’m with the wedding, a bridesmaid actually.” She grimaced as she went ahead and shook his hand realizing too late that it may have not been the best move as a tingle spread up her arm. She felt herself blush. ‘God I hope it’s dark enough out here.’ She thought to herself as she quickly withdrew her hand. She shivered. 
“Here have my jacket” he quickly offered as he shrugged it off, “It’s cold.”
Not feeling as if she had many options since they were out in the beer garden on a cold October evening she accepted.
“Would you like a drink?” he asked.
“No thanks, I have to get back soon,” Katie replied, aware of the dangers of accepting drink from strangers; yet at the same time reluctant to return to the wedding. They were about to throw the bouquet and Katie sure as hell didn’t want to be there being the last single standing from her group of friends. She could feel him watching her as she turned to look towards the door.
“Why don’t we go inside and sit at the bar instead?” he offered as if he could read her mind, “I’ll show you my ID or better yet I’m sure as the guest speaker the Hotel can vouch for me?” he smiled.
‘He has a nice smile.’ Katie found herself thinking, ‘that could be the 2 glasses of champagne talking though.’   
Katie looked at him and even before she said it she knew she was going to agree to that drink.
Luckily enough there were two free stools at the bar,
“Here allow me” he offered as he pulled out one for her to sit down.
“Thank you,” she replied, “But I can’t stay long I have to get back.” 
After they had been served, with Katie choosing a soft drink as she knew alcohol went straight to her head, Paul appearing less confident asked,” I hope you don’t feel as if I’ve been too forward in asking you in for a drink but you looked like I felt at that moment.”
“What do you mean?” asked Katie looking at him with curiosity.    
“Well take a look around” and she did noting that there were a lot of people in the bar in dark suits.
“So you were looking to escape from your group,” she replied gingerly.
“Exactly. I’m the guest speaker on Architecture from penal times, so everyone I converse with wants to talk about the Catholic Church in Rush, so I did until I was blue in the face. I eventually made an excuse and went outside for a breath of air. So what’s your story?”
“Well, as you can see I’m the bridesmaid, maid being the operative word,” Katie replied, pausing for effect as she stared at the bubbles rising in her glass.
“And…?” asked Paul sounding puzzled, but she could feel his eyes on her.
“And I’m the only one. What I mean is, it’s my friend Lucy’s wedding and I’m the only one in our group unmarried; and they were about to throw the bouquet.” She answered still not sure whether to look in his direction, but she took the chance and did and found an unusually kind understanding in his eyes.
“That must be tough,” he said gently.
She nodded looking away and while she took a sip of her drink knew he understood. 
“Yep, now it is husbands and next it will be babies, and before you know it after school clubs and parent teacher meetings…” she dwindled off as she played with the stem on her glass.
“Whoa! I think you are getting ahead of yourself; I was where you are now last year and although things change they don’t change that much. Just give it time.”
When she looked at him again she knew they were on the same page, two strangers in a bar and they were on the same page. When he impulsively smiled she instinctively smiled in return.
“Now that’s more like it,” he joked while he gently touched her shoulder with his.
                                                *                *                *
Lying there in the bath it was hard to say when she let her guard down, ‘was it at that moment or while they continued to chat? Or was it in that first moment when they bumped into one another? It really didn’t matter, it had happened. She had let her guard down and what followed had had a profound effect on her and with that thought she got out of the now cold bath and dressed herself in her good white laced nightie and dressing gown.
‘Should I still be wearing white?’ she wondered as she tidied the bathroom. ‘No don’t think that.’ She corrected herself. 
She stopped what she was doing to put her night cream on and facing the mirror she said aloud, “That was me, that was my decision but this is a new day, it’s time to move forward.”
She took a moment to take in her reflection, this time noting the newly treated hair and her bright skin following the beauty treatments and knew it was in fact time to move on.
Later while in bed in those moments between waking and sleep once again she was invaded with memories of that night.
                                         *               *             *   
It had been too easy to agree to go to his room with Paul. As he opened the room door with his key card Katie felt the nerves in her spine go stiff yet she felt ready for what they both knew was inevitable. Once inside Paul put the key card on the night stand and walked over to the window and pulled the curtains shielding them from the street lamps outside.
“Would you like a drink?” he asked holding up fizzy water from the minibar, “Or there is something stronger if you like? I’m going to have water myself.”
“Water is fine,” she replied and walked toward him taking a seat at the breakfast table.
“The hotel recently redid their rooms,” stated Paul. Katie knew he was trying to put her at ease and was grateful for that but she could feel the tension rising within her. He seemed to sense this and took her hand, which thankfully was the right thing to do and the tension left her and she began to relax. 
 At that point he had leant over and kissed her gently, so gently that she was shocked at the fire lighting inside her. She leant in to him giving her mouth to him and somehow they were standing, holding each other, touching, tasting each other where clothes were no barrier. Soon that was not enough. Their clothing fell one by one a cascade of crisp cotton shirt and diamante encrusted peach chiffon and pinstripe pants until they were skin to skin. Falling back on the bed they continued their exploration of each other until they could wait no longer. Finally they came together in complete unison, extensions of each other in a way Katie had only ever heard of. Stunned into silence they lay there arms and legs entwined until they fell into a relaxed sleep.
                                                      *             *            *
With that memory, Katie fell into a dreaming sleep waking the following morning to the sound of her alarm. It was time to go to work, however she could not resist looking across to the other side of her bed. Oh she knew it was empty, of course she lived alone but for a moment she had wondered, ‘wondered what?’ she asked herself. She didn’t finish the thought. She got up and got herself ready for work, like she always did and had done so since finishing her degree. 
“Wow look at you, well it’s about time!” exclaimed Tracey when Katie entered the office. 
“Thanks! I think,” Katie answered with a rise of her eyebrows. However she was glad she had taken the time to finish her new look with some tinted moisturizer and lip gloss.
“Well you do look great, look out Sally’s supermarket,” Tracey joked back. 
Katie, since completing her degree in retail management, had worked in the local supermarket. Although she had started on the floor stacking shelves, she had quickly advanced and now, for the last 3 years was assistant manager. 
“Look out you if those till receipt records are not up to date!” she joked back waving a finger in the air. Tracey had been the office clerk since before Katie had started working there and over the years they had built a solid friendship. When Katie had been promoted to assistant manager Tracey had been overjoyed to have her friend working alongside her.
“Ha-ha very funny, I’m one step ahead of you,” Tracey answered waving a pile of papers in the air.
“Really?” Katie asked in surprise.
“No! But it was worth it to see your face. They’ll be finished in about 20 minutes,” she answered putting the paper down with a smile.
Katie chuckled, “I’d better go onto the shop floor and see where we are at.”
Luckily all staff on the rota were in and the early morning deliveries were on time so it was an uneventful morning, well that is apart from the positive comments about her appearance. The humorous wolf whistles from the lads on the delivery bay earned them a fake reprimand.  By the time lunch hour came Katie had caught up with the paperwork and as had become the custom she headed over to the local diner with Tracey.
“Hi Katie, Tracey,” greeted Connie the middle aged woman who ran the diner. ”Love the hair.” She directed at Katie.
“Thanks, it was about time I did something with it. It’s just the usual for us today.”
“No problem two coffees and salads are coming up,” Connie replied as they took their seats.
Katie was well known at the diner not only because she had grown up in the town and the job she had but because she had spent her summers through school working there. Connie pretty much lived at the diner only employing part timers, simply because she loved it. In a way she was part of the fabric of the town.
“How’s Lucy settling into her new home?” asked Connie, as she busily worked behind the counter.
“Oh she’s loving it, decorating like there’s no tomorrow. It was a long wait for her and Jim but they seem to be catching up quick,” replied Katie. 
“God, they were lucky. With the builder going into liquidation like that they could have been tied up in red tape for years,” added Tracey.
“Yes, luckily the paperwork held with their deposit on the house and they were able to move in,” agreed Katie.
“I was reading in the paper about those so called ghost estates, you know estates that had been left unfinished by builders going into liquidation, they were indeed lucky, recession and all.” Connie seconded as she walked around the counter with the two salad plates. 
“Ah the recession affects everyone one way or another,” Katie answered.
Following lunch, they headed back to work but with the orders needed doing and staff breaks to co-ordinate and till changes it wasn’t until home time that Katie was able to take a break.
“Hey, you never took a coffee break this afternoon,” pointed out Tracey as she put on her coat.
“The time just flew, anyway I’m treating myself to a take-away tonight, so that’s my calorie count sorted,” she replied amusedly gathering her things together.
“Well enjoy, I’ve to cook for the lot of them,” Tracey rolled her eyes. Tracey was referring to her 3 grown children.
“Oh.”
“Yep, they seem to expect to eat in now we’re in a recession. I’m going to nail them down to a rota tonight; they’re old enough and able enough to cook!” Tracey answered with a decisive tone.
“Good luck!” replied Katie knowing how easy it was for Tracey to give in to her kids; honestly you would think sometimes they were 12 instead of 19, 22 and 24.
Following goodbyes they headed to their respective homes their thoughts filled with their evening plans.
Katie however had kept hers to herself. Not because she didn’t want to tell Tracey but more so because her motivations were personal. When she got home she turned the heating on and prepared the house for night time ordering her take away at the same time. 
Katie was an only child of older parents. They had married late in life and although they had seemed stricter than those of her friends she wouldn’t change them for the world. Now that she was in her thirties they had started travelling and were presently on a Mediterranean cruise but she could be forgiven if she forgot their location as they were constantly travelling here or there. She had spent her childhood in clubs or visiting friends so even though she was an only child she had been surrounded by her peers and never felt that she had missed out on sibling company. 
She also had her aunt Marie to dote on her as she had never married and had lived locally. In fact she had left her this house in her will for which she was eternally grateful. She knew many who were burdened down with overpriced mortgages and was so thankful not to be one of them.
One gift Marie had lovingly passed on was her method of quilting. Katie had known the evening before that if she was going to transform herself she would have to go the whole way and get back to her dreams. One of those was to have her own quilting company online. In fact while at college her thesis was on online retail and she had received the highest grade. When she had graduated her parents were so proud. They were never ones to push her to do medicine or law but were relieved when they realized that when she announced she was going into a career in retail, that it included a degree in retail management.
After her take away Katie went into the back bedroom, now furnished as a study with computer. But it was another piece of furniture that she was interested in. Aunt Marie’s sewing machine against the side wall. When she had decorated this room, she knew she had to have the sewing machine included and her chest of drawers that housed her off cuts of material that she had collected over the years. She walked over to the machine and reverently unhooked the cover. Of course when she cleaned the room she always cleaned the sewing machine. Although she hadn’t used it for about five years, she always felt at some point she would use it again, she was just never sure when. 
She checked the needle and the thread and once that was ok she plugged it in. Before she could use it however she needed something to sew. She turned to the chest of drawers. Carefully she opened a drawer familiarizing herself with its contents before moving on to the next one and so on until she had checked each one in turn. It had been so long since she had looked through the material but it was still as she had left it. Then she reached into the second drawer and lifted out the only piece she could use as the first. It was a flowered pattern; the same one that she had begun all those years ago, when her aunt had first shown her how to use the machine, and so she began. The whirl of the machine was like honey to a bee and quickly she had eased into practice and found herself at one with the pattern. Katie smiled both inside and out and when she finished the last curl of a petal she gently lifted up her foot from the pedal and all was right with the world.
Katie spent the remainder of the evening going through her thesis and familiarizing herself with her plans, her corrections she would leave to another night. When she finally turned out the study light it was with the certainty that she had crossed a threshold in her life. Meeting Paul had pre-empted this change but she herself had followed through and she finally felt the better for it. With that thought in mind, she headed to bed for a restful sleep, with the alarm set for work in the morning.

Chapter 2
The following day as Katie was doing a cash check on a till, all her new resolutions plummeted as she heard an unmistakable voice behind her.  
“Hi I was wondering if you had any copies of The Irish Times left?”
She froze as she heard Tony the assistant reply and show Paul where they were.
“Could she escape before the ground swallowed her up?” she wondered as her panic rose. He was walking back over to the till to pay. 
“Perhaps he wouldn’t recognize her” she thought to herself after all she had her back to him and of course her hair was different, but it was not to be.
“Hello Katie,” The voice greeted as he was receiving his change.
There was no way out, she had to turn around, what could she do?
Slowly, pasting a smile on her face that did not reach her eyes, Katie turned around and momentarily was transported back in time to six months ago as she automatically met his gaze. “Why did he have eyes to drown in?” she questioned silently.
“Hello Paul,” was all she could muster aloud.
“I wasn’t sure if you would be here, it’s good to see you,” he replied with a smile to take your breath away. 
Grasping at something to say she answered, “I’m working today.” And then the worst thing to happen did happen, she blushed. Crimson red flooded her face and she could feel her neck heating up.
However Paul responded to this by smiling wider. He actually seemed amused by her discomfort.
Still smiling he said “I’ve noticed.”
Katie could feel them being watched by the staff nearby with interest. In an attempt to exit she glanced away and picked up the cash receipts and tried unsuccessfully to step away from the counter.
“I was wondering if you were free tonight for dinner?” he asked as he stepped in front of her.
There was nowhere to look or hide, Katie’s panic increased. 
Her voice became more high pitched to her ears as she declined as gracefully as she could, “I’m sorry but I’m busy tonight.”
As soon as she had said it her stomach tensed, she realized she had left it open for him to ask for an alternate time, which he did immediately.
“What about tomorrow night? I’m here until the weekend.” 
Katie knew the conversation had gone on long enough as far as the staff and now the customers were concerned so clearing her throat she steeled herself and as decisively as she could muster she replied, “I’m actually busy all week, but thank you for the invite now I have to go. I’m needed in the office.”
When he didn’t automatically move out of her way she maintained eye contact which was a mistake for underneath all the nerves she started to feel something else. Before the attraction could rise any further she glared as fiercely as she could, which although it appeared to amuse him, he relented and stepped back still smiling. With that he put his newspaper under his arm and said “That’s ok, I’ll see you soon.” He then turned on his heel and left leaving her standing there trying to deal with all the emotions that were floating around in her. Suddenly she was aware of the interest that had arisen around her so as businesslike as she could she turned and headed for the office. 
It was only as she closed the office door that she allowed herself to exhale. Leaning on the inside of the door for support, she straightened her jacket and took another deep breath. It was only at this point that she remembered Tracey. “Oh no,” she cringed and she was stuck with twenty questions.
“Are you ok?” asked Tracey before Katie had had the chance to come up with anything.
“Yep I’m fine,” replied Katie keeping her eyes down as she went to her desk.
“You don’t look fine,” commented Tracey as she eyed her up.
“Ah I just ran too fast up the stairs,” she answered knowing it was lame but she couldn’t come up with anything else. “I need to get fit.”
“Mmm ok.” Tracey accepted with little belief and then seemed to decide to let Katie off the hook as she returned to her work not commenting further. 
Although Katie too continued with her work her emotions continued to jumble and it was lunchtime before she felt any nature of calmness.
“Right, it’s time for lunch,” announced Tracey and rising from her desk continued, “And you can fill me in on why you have been so quiet while we eat.”
“I just feel quiet.” Was the only reply Katie had as she busied herself getting her bag and coat.
“Ding, wrong answer! Come on we’ll see how Connie is. I heard that her arthritis is acting up again.”
“What? She never said,” Katie answered in concern. Connie was like family to her since her own family was so small.
“Yeah, she was at the evening surgery last night.”
“God that’s not like her, I hope she’s ok,” Katie commented in sympathy as they crossed over the road to the diner.
“Hi girls,” Connie greeted as they entered.
“Hi Connie, what’s this I hear about your arthritis?” Katie asked as she noticed that Connie was indeed moving slower behind the counter.
“Ah don’t be worrying yourself,” came an impatient reply, “It’s not that bad.”
“Now Connie, I told you I’d help out if you needed it.” Katie gently reprimanded her. 
“I’m alright, the doc gave me a new prescription for pain relief I’ll be fine in a few days.” Connie said as she started to make up their usual salad lunch.
“Here let me,” Katie immediately objected as she left her coat and bag on a chair with Tracey and walked around the counter. Ever since Katie had worked there during her school years she had occasionally helped out Connie when it was needed. This was in part because Connie wouldn’t employ someone on a fulltime basis but also because she enjoyed it.
When Connie didn’t object Katie’s concern grew.
“Why don’t you sit down and have a cup of tea with Tracey, when is Sarah due in?” Katie asked gently.
“Ok,” Connie sighed as she turned slowly, and went to the tea machine. “Sarah’s due in at two.”
“Would she be able to work extra hours for the next few days?” 
“Maybe I’m not sure,” and with that Connie sat with Tracey and Katie finishing the salad plates she handed Tracey hers and gave the other to Connie.
“Ok I’m going to serve here and when Tracey is finished eating she will help clear the tables until Sarah arrives, and I want no answer from you,” she told Connie in a mocking tone as she donned an apron.
“I suppose that’s me told!” accepted Connie.
“It sure is!” agreed Tracey in between mouthfuls.
For the following 20 minutes Katie served the customers with help from Tracey and everything went as clockwork while Connie took a rest. That was until Katie looked up into the velvety darkness of the next customer’s surprised eyes.  
“We meet again.” Paul greeted resting his hands on the counter. Katie stepped back as if she had been set on fire, and she had. The sudden onslaught of attraction was unmistakable. The diner had become too small for the both of them.
“So we do,” she agreed while all the time not wanting to agree with him on anything. “So what can I get you?”
“I think I’ll have a coffee and a sandwich or is there something you would recommend?” he asked curiously as if he was asking something else.
“Coffee and sandwich? No problem,” Katie answered with a confidence that she didn’t know she had in that moment.
After taking Paul’s order, she directed him to a table in a businesslike manner that didn’t fool anyone least of all Paul. She knew right there and then that probably nothing was going to fool him.
When she had his order complete and after avoiding Tracy’s questions, she delivered it to his table. That was mistake number 1, moving into close proximity of him. Mistake number 2 was looking at his hands knowing how they felt when they had been touching her all those months ago.
But it was mistake number 3 that was the worst, not moving away quick enough. Their hands brushed together momentarily and this sent shock waves up her arm stunning her instantly. Although everything in her was screaming RUN, she knew she couldn’t so as gracefully as she could she walked back around the counter and with all her strength continued to serve the customers.
Finally Sarah arrived. It had seemed much longer than the half hour with Paul watching her every move. She had glanced in his direction a few times and so knew it wasn’t in her mind. Sarah’s arrival meant she could this time escape back to work and after filling her in and checking Connie one last time Katie left Paul in the diner.
“So who is the tall dark and handsome?” Tracey questioned excitedly as they crossed the street back to the supermarket.
“Stop distracting me or we’ll get knocked down,” Katie replied watching the traffic.
“You don’t get off that lightly, so who is he?” 
“Alright, his name is Paul O’Connor and he was a few years ahead of me at school. He’s an architect living in Wexford but is originally from here,” Katie answered not feeling that she had any choice as Tracey would hound her for the remainder of the afternoon if she said nothing.
“Ok, so what’s going on, you were pretty intense back there?” Tracey asked, still not satisfied.
“Nothing’s going on, we bumped into one another a while back that’s all.”
“It didn’t look like nothing, and I’m guessing that he’s the same man Tony was talking about earlier?”
At this Katie just wanted the conversation to be over so replied, “Yes it’s the same but I mean it there is no story here. Ok?”
“Ok I’ll leave it for now but Katie Byrne you are going to tell me all the details very soon.” Tracey joked as they arrived into the office.
Katie shook her head in exasperation at her friend.
The remainder of the day went without incident. She had even managed to push Paul from her mind for the most part. When it was time the girls bid their goodbyes and both headed in opposite directions home. As Katie walked she allowed herself to go through the events of the day, Connie and Paul being top of the list. As far as Connie went she would check on her tomorrow. Katie knew how bad her arthritis could get and had done on occasion before. Paul however was not as simple to work out. At least he had said he was going back at the weekend so she just had to avoid him until then, however that was sooner said than done as when she lifted up her head to cross at the Hayestown crossing, who was there on the other side but Paul.
“Hello again,” he greeted.
“Hello,” she replied, not wanting to be rude yet her patience was wearing thin.
“Have you had time to reconsider my dinner invitation?” He asked staring intently into her face.
“No I really don’t have the time,” she said in a more determined voice trying to hold his stare and failing miserably so she readjusted her handbag to try and cover up her nerves and failed at that too as she watched his expression change to a more gentle one.
“What about tonight? Come on what have you to lose? If it doesn’t lead to anything we can at least say we had a good meal?” he said persuasively with a smile that would melt any heart.
Katie paused, more worried that it would lead to something than not, but knew in that moment what her only answer could be.
“Ok one dinner, and that’s it,” she agreed as she stepped into the unknown fearful of where it would lead yet excitement at the idea.
“Great, would eight o’clock be ok?” he asked.
As it was now 6pm she agreed and once they had settled on the location The Harbour Restaurant, she finally was able to step away and head home steeling herself not to look back.
Within 10 minutes of arriving home in a nervous state she threw open her closet and began choosing what to wear. One by one outfits were discarded until she seemed to have only work clothes left. In the end she had a bath and made the decision while applying her make up only to notice it was half seven time to go. “Why does he affect me this way?” was her last thought before she pulled the door behind her.
“I’m glad you came,” he greeted with a relieved smile when she arrived at the doorway of the restaurant.
“I’m a woman of my word.” She replied and then regretted mentioning her gender as he appeared to be taking in her appearance in a positive but not subtle way. As his gaze lingered she could feel herself blushing again and to hide that fact she turned to open the door.
“Allow me,” he offered, as his hand brushed with hers as he got to the handle first.
“Thanks” was all that she could muster as a reply, ‘Why does he affect me so?’
Once in the restaurant they were seated almost immediately much to Katie’s relief and after setting down her handbag and jacket she adjusted her top self-consciously.
“You look lovely tonight,” he complimented and then quickly followed with, 
“I don’t mean to say that you didn’t look lovely earlier,”
“Thank you for the compliment,” she accepted in amusement not able to stop a slight smile forming.
“Your uniform is not bad either!”  He joked in return and the awkwardness that had been there seemed to melt away. 
Katie warmed to the gentle relaxedness that had developed during the meal and by the time they were eating desert she was a little curious to know more about him.
“So how come you moved to Wexford?” she asked in-between mouthfuls of an ensemble of chocolate tarts.
“Well I had been qualified a couple of years and only seemed to be getting short contracts up here so when a position was advertised for a permanent architect working in the commercial field I just took it. It did take time to settle in with moving down the country and all, but I do have a lot of free time between projects so I get to come home quite often.”
To Katie this seemed like a standard answer, and he delivered it as if it had been practiced.
“What was he hiding?” she wondered as she continued to watch his facial expression but he gave nothing away.
“So how come you stayed local?” he asked bringing the conversation back to her again as he had quite a bit through out the meal. That was when he wasn’t talking about the area.
“Well this is my home and although I did do some travelling in between college, I just never wanted to be anywhere else. I guess you could say I’m settled here now.” And she took a sip of her wine.
“Well Rush should be glad to have you,” he quipped and then mirrored her as he took a sip from his glass. When she glanced in his direction she was hit by his gaze. Something had changed. From nowhere an intimacy had developed and she was suddenly acutely aware of the lace pattern in her black silk top.
“If you’re finished, I can settle up and maybe we could walk off that delicious meal?” he suggested. Katie eagerly accepted at least she had an excuse to cover up with her coat.
Once outside they walked over the road to the Harbour Park. It was already dark but with the lighting and movement along the harbour as some boats were off loading a lot of the view was visible.
“I love it here,” Katie said as she took in not just the sight but the sounds and smells too.
“Yes” Paul agreed, “I used to come down here a lot when I was young. My mother thought there was a fisherman’s blood in me. Ah she was part right. The project I’m most proud of is the reconstruction of Wexford Harbour.”
“Wow you were involved in that? I read about it in the newspaper. That was really something,” she replied with surprise.
“Yeah the firm I’m with spearheaded it,” and he paused by the steps down to the beach leaning onto the wall. Katie joined him only realizing too late that she was closer than she would like. Not drawing attention to this fact she decided to remain where she was. 
“I think this is as far as we go but it’s a lovely night isn’t it, not too cold.”  His tone changed as he turned to look at her. His dark eyes met hers as he lifted a hand to touch her cheek. 
“It is a lovely night,” she found herself agreeing, her voice dropping as she became mesmerized by the feel of his hand against her skin.
When she didn’t retreat he moved slowly towards her maintaining eye contact until the last inch. Then gently he tasted her lips, slowly as if getting to know her again, but differently this time. Little by little the pressure of his lips on hers began to build and Katie was defenceless as she gave her mouth unconditionally to him. Deeper and deeper the kiss went until at last they jointly pulled away in wonder.
“If that was a kiss, I’ve never been kissed like that,” thought Katie as she stood there gazing into his eyes, eyes that appeared to have the same statement written in them.
Paul was the first to clear his throat.
“I think I’d better walk you home.”
She nodded in agreement not trusting her own voice.
Somehow as they left the park their hands found each other and they walked silently up the street only speaking in relation to directions to Katie’s house.
On reaching her gate Paul turned still holding her hand and taking her other hand too he said in a husky voice,
“We’ll say goodnight here, I think that’s safer, don’t you?”
She nodded anticipation rising as he stepped closer. With the next heartbeat her mouth was his. This time he didn’t hold back as the passion grew she found herself meeting his match for match. Tongues caressing, exploring. Teeth gently nipping lips as they tasted each other. Katie felt as if her whole body was on fire, explosion after explosion. When they finally parted, again it was in wonder at what had just occurred.
“Goodnight, sweet dreams,” he whispered and left before she had a chance to reply.
Once she was inside the house she pretty much collapsed against the back of her front door. 
“Oh my God.” Was all she could think as she waited while her body quieted itself but her lips, as she touched them, would need a little longer.


Chapter 3
When Katie awoke the next morning it was to her day off and after checking the weather she found that the day was mild so decided to treat herself to breakfast at the diner before driving the couple of miles to Loughshinny Harbour, another favourite place of hers.
“Hello you! You’re up early,” greeted Connie, as she entered the café.
“Not really,” replied Katie, “I didn’t do my walk yet; I’m going to head to Loughshinny instead.”  
 “I’d say it will be lovely on a mild morning such as this, and I think the tide is in, or three quarters in, I’m not sure,” chatted Connie as she put together the breakfast.
“Yes, there’s a lovely sense of freedom at the harbour there, I just love visiting it,” answered Katie dreamily. “Anyhow how are you?”
 “Not bad, business is good so I can’t complain, and the painkillers are keeping the arthritis at bay.”
“Ah that’s good” replied Katie although inside she still was concerned about her friend.
Very soon however her breakfast arrived.
“That looks lovely, thanks,” smiled Katie with anticipation.
“Enjoy!” responded Connie as she returned to behind the counter as another customer arrived.
Once Katie had finished eating and had said her goodbyes she drove the couple of miles to Loughshinny harbour. Pulling into the car park she, today as always, was bowled over by the view. In times gone by this had also been a thriving fishing port but today only a couple of boats use it. The remnants of the lobster cages and fishing rope were testament to the fact. Part of the view however was Lambay Island that sat five or so miles out from the harbour. The island had a long history with the area but today was a privately owned bird sanctuary; however that did not diminish the view. As she got out of her car Katie looked as always to her right where the majestic Martello tower stood on the cliff that ran parallel to the harbour wall and sheltered the beach between. ‘Connie was right’ smiled Katie ‘the tide was almost in.’ So she walked on by the rocks and up onto the Harbour pier and drank in the view. Finally she allowed herself to think of the evening before and Paul.
She had spent these last few months putting that first night behind her and now here she was again back at the beginning,
“Well not at the beginning,” she thought to herself, “This was different, I’m just not sure how.”
With that she was flooded with a mixture of emotions that were mimicking the ebb and flow of the tide.
“No” she said defiantly towards the sea, “I refuse to be reduced to a quivering mess by a man.”   
As her emotions calmed with the sea breeze, Katie knew she was ready now to face Paul if he resurfaced and with one last look around she headed back to the car to begin the journey home and back to the life she had built for herself.
It was the beginning of spring so Katie had taken out her garden furniture from the shed including a greenhouse the previous week but hadn’t until now had the time to set everything up. “Well” thought Katie with her new found determination “Let’s get this show on the road.” With that she ignored the house work that she had mapped out for the day and after changing into an old tracksuit went into the garden for a day of therapeutic activity.
  “A goes to B goes to G2, aargh” repeated Katie aloud for the umpteenth time! Why do the instructions have to be so complicated? She had given up her afternoon to put up the plastic greenhouse and put it up she would! With that thought the doorbell rang, “Oh no, all she needed was visitors what with the back yard covered in parts for the greenhouse and the fact that she was dressed in an old tracksuit” she thought as she went to answer it. To make matters worse when she did answer it she found Paul on the other side. 
“Hello Katie” he greeted taking in her appearance with an amused smile, “Listen I just felt we needed to talk.”
“Only if you can work and talk at the same time,” she replied her mind caught between him and the greenhouse.
“What?” he asked.
“Only joking, well actually I’m not, come in,” she answered and for the first time noticed how small her hall was.
“I’m trying to put up the plastic greenhouse, and it’s not going too well,” she explained as she led him to the back of the house. 
“I’ll have a look at it if you like?” Paul offered as he surveyed the pieces to be put together.
“Good luck, it took me ten hours to put it together last year and I don’t think it’s going to be any different this year, I’ll make us some coffee,” and with that she went to the kitchen as she mentally congratulates herself on not reacting like a teenager.
On her return with the coffee she found Paul looking perplexed at the instructions.
“I see you haven’t gotten any further,” Katie smiled wryly, as she handed him the coffee, “and there was I thinking you were an architect.”
“I think we need to arrange the pieces into groups,” he suggested with an answering smile.
“Ok we can try that again,” agreed Katie.
“I think these here are D2,” he continued as he moved around the pieces,
“So you’re planning on growing vegetables or is it fruit?” he asked his mind still on the job.
“Actually, its vegetables and it’s been a challenge in past years, until I got the greenhouse,” she answered remembering the battle of the bugs, “The first year I grew in the ground and in one night I lost all the radishes to the slugs!”
“Well that can happen if you don’t use slug pellets,” he answered with a laugh.
“You haven’t heard what happened next yet,” Katie joked.
“Ok, go on.” 
“The next year I grew tomatoes on the window sills and got infested with green fly,” continued Katie trying to keep a straight face and not managing it.
At this point Paul was laughing and moving more pieces of the green house.
“Wait there’s more,” Katie laughed, “The next year I was defeated by an army of caterpillars.” Katie’s sides were sore from the laughter and Paul appeared in the same predicament.
“And so I invested in this green house that is impossible to put up.”
When the laughter died down, and Katie was able to draw breath she was able to relay her success, “Last year, I won three special commendations at the Fingal Horticultural Show and it would be great to repeat that this year.”
“Oh, so you were seriously growing then?” asked Paul in surprise.
“Oh yes, believe me no one would put up this green house just for fun.”  
 “Right then, are you ready to put this together,” he said with gusto and within 40 minutes the greenhouse was up.
“Ten hours you said?” joked Paul as they enjoyed the view of the greenhouse.
“Ha Ha,” joked Katie back, “I think fresh coffee is in order,” and with that she went and put the kettle on. 
Paul followed her into the kitchen, “You have a lovely home,” he commented as he looked around for the first time.
“Thank you,” Katie smiled with pride as she too glanced around, “after I moved in I took my time with it, I think I have it the way I like it.”
In truth Katie had spent a lot of time decorating and there had been a few structural jobs that had to be done. Aunt Marie had been a bit eccentric and it had showed in the condition of the house.  
The kitchen had been the last that Katie had tackled and it had been the worst, even the wiring had had to be replaced. However now it sported an Aga stove and a Belfast sink and cottage style presses with the colour scheme light and fresh, yes she was proud of her home. 
 “Have you eaten?” he asked when they had drank their fill.
“No I had a late breakfast and then the greenhouse…” 
“Why don’t we go for a meal at the cottage, I hear the food is good there?” Paul suggested lightly, “It is time to eat you know?”   
“Ok” agreed Katie, not having any reason to refuse, “I’ll just go and change.”
Once in her room, Katie looked in the mirror and hoped this was a good idea, at that thought she gave herself a mental shake, of course it was ok they had spent all afternoon in each other’s company and this was just a way of finishing the evening, they would only be sharing a meal that’s all, and so she went ahead and changed, staying casual but dressy. She chose a dressy top in purple and a pair of jeans with her navy blazer and black boots. Then she set to fixing her hair and with a little lip gloss she knew she was ready.
When she returned to the kitchen and saw his reaction to her appearance she wondered if she had overdone things but knew she hadn’t and accepted his compliment with grace as they headed out to Paul’s car. At least they wouldn’t be drinking, maybe things wouldn’t end the way they had the last time, she hoped, or did she? 
“I’ve eaten there before actually and the food is really good,” commented Katie to fill the silence as they drove.
“That’s good; it was my friend Eamon that mentioned it.”
At this point the conversation lagged as they had already approached the restaurant.
“There’s a car park across the road,” directed Katie and before long they had parked and began walking toward the restaurant.
Paul appeared pleasantly surprised once they had entered the building. It had been converted a few years previously, however when you entered the cottage feel was so inviting, wooden panelling on the surrounding walls with dividers between tables for effect. What always caught everyone’s eye however was the large open fire whose flames were echoed in the candles on every table.
   They were immediately escorted to a table near the fireplace and after choosing the roast beef special their conversation resumed.
“I hope you didn’t think it too forward my calling on you today? It’s just I didn’t get your number and when you didn’t seem to be at work…” Paul began,
“No, no, em, I think it was me that was being forward roping you in to put up the green house, thanks by the way. It would have taken me forever,” she replied smiling sheepishly but Paul immediately reassured her as their food arrived.
“Eamon, my friend from school recommended here to me as they only serve locally grown in season fruit and vegetables,” Paul continued.
“Yes, that’s why I like it too. So when are you returning to Wexford?” she asked.
“Well I’m going back tomorrow but I’ll be spending a good bit of time here in Rush over the next few months, my friend Eamon is building a self sufficient house, well almost self sufficient. He has asked me to oversee it and while I’m here I’ll be staying in a flat belonging to him.”
Katie nodded in understanding, not sure what to reply.
“We’ve just finished a project in Wexford so I have the time. Anyhow enough about me, tell me is there anything else you like to do besides work at Sally’s Supermarket, help out at the diner and now grow vegetables, not leaving out your interior design skills?” he asked lightly.
“Well I like to remain a woman of mystery,” smiled Katie in return, feeling protective about her quilt making for the moment.
“So will I get the chance to find out?” he asked again lightly, yet she felt he meant the question.
Looking him straight in the eye Katie replied, “Maybe, we’ll see.”
“Ok that answer will do for now, “he smiled and they continued with their meal in a more companionable fashion.
Later when Paul parked his car outside Katie’s house there was no awkwardness when she turned to him. He leaned in and gave her the gentlest of kisses, a kiss of promise. Not for now, but sometime in the future so she asked that question,
“Would you like to come in for coffee?”
Looking her square in the eye he replied, “Yes,” and that was how they ended up standing beside a boiling kettle that would later wait unused.
Paul took off his jacket and placed it on the back of a chair while Katie filled the kettle.
“That green house looks well out there,” he joked walking over to the back window to survey what had taken an afternoon to build. In truth he had built models for his architectural clients that had taken half the time.
“It would want to, given what it took to put it up!” Katie joked back looking over her shoulder at him.
It was that moment of eye contact that was their undoing. Maintaining eye contact she watched him walk towards her. Her heartbeat began to quicken. When he was within reach she moved forward to meet him, resulting in a long and satisfying kiss. Only it didn’t stop there, the heat started in her mouth and began to radiate down through her body. As he grasped her hands there was a crackle of electric that caused her momentarily to gasp giving him more access to her mouth deepening the kiss to levels she hadn’t been to before. His hands glided up her arms causing her to become impatient with the need to have his arms around her. She moaned in protest. He slipped off her jacket and it slunk to the floor his hands brushing her bare arms as he did. Her whole body felt like it was on fire, and then he gathered her finally into his arms and only then did he lift his head to look at her. 
“Are you ok?” 
“Yes,” she replied not recognizing her own voice, and to show him she meant it she leaned forward and this time when they kissed it was she that was in control, deepening the kiss to places that surprised herself. Only she wasn’t in control for long as the passion took over for both of them and at that point there was no going back.
Her top came lose as his hands ran up her bare back sending all kinds of sensations through her. As she let out a deep low moan his lips left her mouth and began a seductive dance over her chin and down her neck. As she moved to give him greater access he began to gently undo her top leaving her now hot skin bare to the cool evening air. She had this overriding need to be closer to him so with all her energy and tingling fingers she slowly began to unbutton his shirt. 
“Oh” he sighed as her skin touched his and he buried his face in her neck as he began to kiss her shoulder and cupping her bra covered breast kissed her there too.
But Katie needed more and pressing herself to him knew he felt the same. She gently lifted his head up and breathlessly asked, “Why don’t we go to the bedroom?”
He stalled, “Are you sure?”
“Yes, I am.” She answered with a smile as clearly as she could and taking his hand she lead him down the hall to her room.


Chapter 4
The following morning Katie sat at her table cuddled in her oversized bathrobe, watching the steam rising from her early morning coffee. Since Paul had left around half past midnight she had had trouble sleeping. Every time she had drifted off it was to images from that evening.
‘What a perfect evening,’ she thought, but she wondered, ‘What could it come to?’
With Paul based in Wexford was this, whatever it was, possible. Oh, he had said he would be around for the next few months, but what then? She knew it could be so easy to let herself feel emotions that she couldn’t even voice now, but where would that leave her?
With that thought fresh in her mind she sipped the last of the coffee, got up and went to get ready for work hoping she could get through the day without another thought of Paul.
“Good morning,” greeted Tracey, who was as ever already at her desk, “How are you?”
“Rearing to go!“ answered Katie with as much gusto as she could muster, “right so, what’s on the list today?” and she crossed over to her desk to check her post.
“Well, it’s going to be busy. We’re two staff down, both on checkouts and we have four deliveries due back to back so no spare staff. Also Jack rang about the holidays schedule; you need to ring him back.” And she returned to her computer screen.
“I’ll have to leave Jack until later,” answered Katie as she sorted her mail.
“Oh well, I have the summer rosters up here and there are a lot of gaps, has everyone sent their requests in?” interrupted Tracey.
“No not yet. I have to chase the guys in the stores. We really need to start looking at what part timers to take on for cover. Print me out a copy would you? And I’ll get started before updating Jack.”
With that sorted Katie hung up her jacket, “I’m going down to checkouts will you ring around and see if anyone can come in?”
“Will do,” replied Tracey as Katie disappeared from the office.
“Hello there” greeted Mr. Smith an elderly gentleman as he raised his basket, “It’s not often we see you here.”
“No but it’s good to keep your hand in,” Katie smiled as she started scanning his groceries.
“I’ve missed that smile too,” he complimented as she noticed his lack of mobility and helped him to pack his bag she returned, “I’ll have to smile more often.”
The morning passed a similar experience, young and old customers were happy to see her and chatting as she worked helped keep Paul from her mind. All too soon cover arrived in the form of Janice, a long suffering relief worker.
“Hi Janice, thanks so much for coming in. I hope it didn’t put you out too much.”
“No not at all,” the middle aged woman replied, “Sure there was only house work waiting for me at home, and it will be still waiting there tonight.”
“Too true!” agreed Katie with a chuckle as she stepped down from the checkout leaving it free for Janice to take over.
After visiting the delivery area and making sure the manpower was there to offload what needed to be done, Katie returned to the office to find Tracey ready to go to lunch.
The remainder of the day passed without incident and after checking on Connie and finding her well, Katie walked home looking forward to her evening of sewing. She had begun a quilt earlier in the week but with the appearance of Paul had not had the time to continue. This quilt was a personal project. She had gathered together materials she had kept over the years from things such as school uniforms and dresses or outfits that she had loved or worn at events close to her heart. She was only in the early stages of design so her drawings were rough but her squares were taking shape.
As she walked through her hallway she ran her finger along the edge of the solitary telephone table. It was one of the pieces she had been able to restore belonging to Aunt Marie. She still marvelled at its finish. She had used a step by step book from the library to complete it and the grain was beautifully highlighted by its finish. Taking the cordless telephone into the kitchen with her she wondered absently if Paul would ring. She knew he would be back in Wexford by now and she wasn’t sure but there was a part of her missing his contact. Giving herself a mental shake before she went down another avenue of memories she pulled out her drawing pad and focused herself on concentrating on her designs.
Two hours later and having eaten, she was engrossed in her sewing when the phone did ring. She almost didn’t hear it she was so involved that she jumped on the third ring.
“Hello Katie,” a familiar voice greeted from the receiver.
“Hello Paul,” she replied her voice calm and composed. Her person everything but.  
“How is the green house?” he asked.
“It’s doing well. It’s still standing anyhow. I sowed some seeds and am waiting for them to appear. What about you? How is Wexford?” she answered trying to keep her tone light.
“I’m fine. I arrived here an hour ago so am just organizing myself. I have a meeting Monday morning I need to prepare for.” 
“I hope it goes well,” she acknowledged.
“Ah it should, How have you been?” he asked, his tone becoming intimate.
“I’m ok, it was busy at work today, but sure there’s no rest for the wicked!” she quipped trying to avoid intimacy and failing miserably even to the point of poor choice of words.
“I don’t think I’ll answer that,” and she could hear the smile in his voice.
“That was a good answer,” she smiled back.
“Anyhow, I just wanted to let you know I have your number with me and I’ll phone when I’m travelling back to Rush.”
“Ok I think that’s good to know,” she joked back still trying to avoid intimacy.
But he saw through this and reassuringly added, “I just needed you to know that. I’ll let you go and say good bye for now.”
After the phone call ended Katie sat there looking at the phone. “I think we are dating.” She thought and immediately didn’t know what she thought of this new piece of information. “But what if I’m wrong?” she asked herself. Not having the answer, she left her sewing for another night and went into the kitchen for supper before retiring for a night of restless sleep. “Tomorrow is a new day.” She sleepily told herself, and indeed it was.
The next day dawned bright and cheerful echoing Katie’s mood and she enjoyed the short walk to work. On her arrival she was met with an equally cheerful Tracey.
“Morning Katie, I have coffee waiting for you,” greeted Tracey, as she placed the cup on Katie’s desk.
“Out with it what have you done,” joked Katie, “or is there a price on the coffee.”
“Well,” started Tracey and then she paused.
“Out with it, don’t keep me in suspense!”
“I was wondering if you’d go shopping with me? I have something I need to buy clothes for.”     
“Yes of course,” answered Katie puzzled then it dawned on her, “Would this be a date?”
“Maybe,” and Tracey smiled.
“Ah the plot thickens. So who is it?” asked Katie raising her eyebrows. 
“Just someone. Don’t be nosey and read your post before it opens itself!” She knew it had been a very long time since Tracey had dated, in fact she couldn’t remember a time that she had, her husband dying young so Katie didn’t push the issue any further.
“I’ll let you off the hook this once but I’ll be waiting.” She looked at the office calendar as a distraction for wasn’t she was keeping her own news about Paul to herself.
 “Oh, thank god it looks like all the staff  have posted their holiday dates.”
“Yep! Every last one. I collared the last few this morning,” replied Tracey.
“Great, I’ll phone Jack with the numbers later and we can start organizing cover.”
The remainder of the day went well. Katie was able to get ahead of herself in the paperwork and when home time came she was pleasantly pleased with herself for getting so much done.
After saying her goodbyes she walked home mentally planning her next part of the design for the quilt. 
She loved the early spring evenings and since the bite of frost was gone she often took a walk around her garden with a cup of steaming coffee in her hand, tonight was no exception. After pulling the curtains in the front of the house she made her way to the kitchen and then through to the garden. After surveying her shrubs, noting the beginning of buds appearing, she turned to her green house and sure enough there was lift off. A number of the seeds were beginning to take off. She amused herself giving them their daily water before closing off the back and making her way to her sewing area.
Tonight she was creating a square out of pieces kept from her debutante dress and other events she had attended around that time. It was only after she turned 18 and had started college that she had begun attending social events.  Oh she had never been a drinker, choosing instead soft drinks while out but she had loved going to dances with friends. As her mind wandered on this point she realized that it had been a few years since she had had any semblance of a social life. In fact once her friends had started dating, the group events dwindled in number, but at the same time her own working life had taken off so she hadn’t noticed it until now.
Absently she reached into the bottom drawer and lifted out a piece of peach chiffon. She was immediately thrown back to Lucy’s wedding. Oh she had known the occasion would change her life. Lucy was the last of her friends to marry, but that night had changed her in ways only she knew. As she remembered she got up and went to a mirror across the hall.
“Look at me now,” she thought to herself as she took in her appearance. It wasn’t her new hairdo that she was looking at but her eyes and she wondered if anyone else could see the changes within her. With that though she returned to her sewing and tidied it away gently. Then with her new found confidence she turned on the computer and began the task of setting up an online account. It was time to plan her website.
Katie kept herself busy both in work and at home for the remainder of the week and in no time at all Saturday arrived. She was a little disappointed that she hadn’t heard from Paul but congratulated herself on not moping around or by the phone. She had however decided to give her wardrobe a makeover so was looking forward to shopping with Tracey. 
“Hi Tracey,” Katie greeted when she collected her friend that morning, “Are you all set for a bit of shopping?”
“Absolutely,” replied Tracey as she got into Katie’s car. They had decided to drive as they envisaged ending up with a lot of shopping.
“I’ve decided on a bit of a wardrobe makeover.”
“Great it will go with your new hairstyle,” returned Tracey.
“Yeah, anyhow with the time of year you nearly need to update anyway.”
They reached the Pavilions shopping centre in Swords mid morning in the hustle and bustle of weekend shopping.
“So where to first?” asked Katie as they walked from the indoor car park.
“I don’t mind, what about Dunnes?” 
“Yeah, and we’ll have to have a look in Penney’s. But the smaller shops would be worth taking a look, what about Micheal H?” suggested Katie as her eye strayed to an outfit in the window.
“Yeah it looks like they have their spring line in already.” agreed Tracey as they gravitated over to the shop.
A few more stores and the first of the items bought and it was time for lunch. Once they were seated at the downstairs deli Katie had to ask, “So tell all, who is he?”
“Well we haven’t actually gone out yet, we were talking on the phone and he asked me to dinner tomorrow night and I surprised myself and said yes,” replied Tracey a little self consciously.
“Lovely, so again I ask, who?” asked Katie, the curiosity getting in the way.
“It’s Jack,” unveiled Tracey after a pause.
“Jack?” said a surprised Katie, naming the new owner of Sally’s.
“Yes, something wrong with your ears?” she joked in return.
“No, that’s great. I didn’t know you knew each other that well.”
“Well we speak on the phone often in relation to work and gradually got to know each other. So what about you? I know there must be something or shall I say someone?” asked Tracey.
“Well it’s very early days and I’m not sure what it is, but yes there is someone,” answered Katie reluctantly.
“I knew it; there had been a rumour that you had been seen out to dinner, small town and all you know.”
“Yes I know!” agreed Katie whole heartedly, “It’s Paul, Paul O’Connor.”
“Ah the one you were flustered by at the diner. Wow he looks nice.”
“I wasn’t flustered! And yes he does seem nice,” Katie had to keep her emotions in check for fear of blushing; the nights of passion went way more than nice.
“So tell all!” Tracey demanded with enthusiasm.
“As I said its early days, so far a couple of dinners and a phone call,” Katie didn’t want to elaborate any further.
“Ah I’m happy for you. I thought you had given up on men it’s been so long since you’ve dated.”
“No I was just busy with work. We’ll see how it goes,” Katie knew it was time to change the subject, “How are your three?”
The subject change worked and Tracey took off telling Katie all about her struggles with her three grown up children which filled the rest of lunch. Following this they braced themselves for more shopping and the end of the afternoon came very quickly. After Katie dropped home Tracey she headed home herself to survey what she had bought. This included her own fashion show on front of the mirror while checking that all was presentable in the cold light of day.

Chapter 5
The following week in work had kept Katie very busy indeed. But it was her outside hours that were the busiest. Her parents had returned from their cruise full of enthusiasm for the Mediterranean but also for the cruise itself. They had enjoyed the cabaret shows and activities aboard but couldn’t believe the level of food available and the standard of care the staff took of them.
 Of course Katie had readied their house for their return. This didn’t deter her mother from giving it the once over as she told of all on the holiday, luckily enough Katie couldn’t or wouldn’t get a word in. What could she say? That she had met someone? Paul had phoned a few times in the week but he wasn’t sure when he would be back up. Katie decided to keep that bit of news to herself for the moment.
After her parents had settled back in she headed for home armed with goodies, souvenirs from their travels. She had quite a collection at this stage as they had taken up travelling in their retirement. After she had placed the trinkets around her living room, she then checked her seedlings that were now growing by the day and once they were watered she retired to her study to catch up on her sewing. 
The quilt that she was working on was now almost completed so she was just putting the finishing touches to it. She intended to display it at the local horticultural show in June so she needed to have it finished soon. As she tacked a swirl of material the phone rang.
“Hello?” 
“Hello Katie,” came a welcome voice.
“Hi Paul, how are you? How did your meeting go?” she asked, knowing from previous that he had had a very important meeting regarding a project he was involved with.
“It actually went well, they agreed to the changes to the design so all’s going according to plan. How was your day?”
“Busy, I was kept on my toes at work and then my parents arrived home from holidays so I’m not long home.”
“Did they get on ok?” he asked.
“Ah yes ‘they had a ball!’ They couldn’t stop talking about it.”
“Listen, since the project is on schedule I’ll travel back to Rush for a few days during the week. Will you be free?”
“Yes,” answered Katie trying to dampen the excitement, “What days?”
“Well Wednesday to Friday.”
“I’m actually off on Thursday,” said Katie wondering if she could take Friday as a holiday, she would check the rota.
“Brilliant, keep it free and we’ll do something,” he replied with anticipation.
They continued talking for a bit and Katie filled him in about the cruise; both of them finding extra to say and not wanting to end the call. But it did and when she put down the receiver, Katie was no longer in the mood to sew so she put it aside for another evening as she continued to think about Paul.
The following day after checking the roster, she found she was in luck; she could take a day’s holiday so she did in preparation for seeing Paul. Of course Tracey noticed immediately and quizzed her but Katie felt it better to keep her plans to herself for now so she did.
Tuesday came quick enough and Katie’s anticipation mounted as the work day came to a close. After saying her goodbyes she walked home mentally going through her plans for the evening. She was on top of the house work so all her attention could be put on herself. When she reached home she busily pulled the curtains and put on the water to heat before ordering a take away. There was no way she was cooking tonight; she had so much to do. 
Later while buffing herself after the most luxurious of baths the phone rang. She answered it after quickly wrapping herself in a fluffy bath towel. When she realized who it was she blushed, thankfully she couldn’t be seen down the phone!
“Hello Katie,” Paul greeted, “How was work?”
“Hi work was fine, nothing unforeseen happened, how are you?” she replied brushing damp hair from her face while trying to keep the towel from slipping; only just managing.
“I’m good, I stayed back to finish some paperwork so that I can drive up first thing.”
“Oh” she commented not sure what to say.
“I’m looking forward to seeing you.” 
“Me too, I mean I’m looking forward to seeing you too,” she said flustered.
“I know what you meant,” he said, the humour sounding in his voice.
“Ok, oh by the way I’m off on Friday as well,” she said sheepishly.
“Ah so I have the pleasure of your company for two whole days, what will we plan?” he asked in amusement.
Katie didn’t know what way to take this so fell silent. “I have to take a stand,” she told herself but before she could reply he continued,
“All joking aside, why don’t you think of what you would like to do and we’ll compare notes at lunch tomorrow. I’m picking you up at 1 if that’s ok?”
“1 o’clock is fine; I’ll look forward to it,” she agreed for want of a better answer.
“Don’t forget your thinking cap!” he quipped.
“I won’t, see you then,” and they made their goodbyes.
After moisturizing her skin, blow-drying her hair and getting into her night attire Katie felt a glow about her. She rather felt it was to do with Paul’s phone call but she had to take some credit after her evening of pampering herself. Over a cup of hot chocolate, she thought about her budding relationship with Paul. She knew she would have to tell her parents soon before they found out from someone else; the town was a very small place after all. So she decided she would tell them at the weekend and, with that decided, she headed to bed to dream of one tall dark and handsome man with eyes to drown in.
At 1 o’clock on the dot Paul pulled up outside Katie’s house. Although she had been watching from behind the curtains she made no move to go out to him, after all ‘a gentleman knocks for a lady.’
“Hi” she greeted with a smile when she opened the door after he had knocked.
“Hello, you look great,” he greeted in return his eyes taking in her appearance.
“Thank you kind sir!” she grinned adjusting her bag. She was pleased he had complimented her; after all she had taken great pains getting ready, choosing, and then re-choosing her outfit and then going through the same process with her makeup and jewellery.
She had finally chosen an off cream casual trouser suit with a baby pink silky top underneath. She had felt in the end that this was her best choice for a lunch date and was glad now that she had.
“Ready?” he asked as he gestured towards the car.
“Yes” she replied as she closed the door intrigued as to where they were going. Paul didn’t leave her in suspense for long as once they were seated in the car he said, “I hope you don’t mind but I reserved a table at the Bracken Court. I thought it only fitting that we begin at the beginning this time.”
Katie was surprised he had chosen the hotel where they first met but was moved at his reasons why.
“I think that’s a lovely idea,” she replied keeping her eyes on the road ahead but secretly was warm at the idea.
“So let’s see what music you like.” He offered her some CD’s from the dash board.
She surprised him with choosing disco music.
“I just like cheerful music.” She defended her choice with a laugh and the half hour journey past quickly.
As they entered the hotel Katie couldn’t but be taken back momentarily as they passed through the doorway where they had first met.
“It feels strange doesn’t it?” he asked in a murmur guiding her through the door with a hand at her back. She nodded not trusting her voice. In fact she remained silent until they began to choose from the menu.
“I think I’ll stay traditional and have the roast beef,” she said once she had regained her composure.
“I may have the same, I had the beef the last time I was here and it was lovely,” he replied holding eye contact with Katie leaving her wondering if he had deliberately mentioned that previous time.
“Yes, I’ve tasted a few of the choices and they’ve all been delicious,” she agreed sounding as detached as she could. 
It was only after the food arrived that the conversation relaxed and Paul started talking about his friend Eamon’s house.
“When I arrived back this morning after dropping my bag off at the flat I went down to the site. It looked as if it’s on schedule. The foundation is laid and the cement is due on Friday afternoon. Do you mind if we drop by to check on things then?” he asked.
“No not at all,” she replied, surprised at the inference that they would be together the whole time he was here.
“Apart from that I’ve no other plans, so did you put on your thinking cap?”
“Yes but I wasn’t sure of your tastes. There is a play on in the Millbank Theatre and I could organize the tickets. Apart from that…. “
“I’ll organize the tickets for tomorrow night if you would like to go?”
“That would be lovely,” she replied, ‘I thought he was returning to Wexford tomorrow,’ she wondered to herself.
As if reading her mind, “I’m only driving back Saturday, I have to get organized for Monday morning, the project I’m working on is due to start then, so tomorrow night it is.”
They continued eating their meal in an easy silence. It wasn’t until their desert that Paul addressed a plan for the day.
“So have you any ideas about today?” when she shook her head he went on to say, “I sort of wondered, that is if it’s your cup of tea, what about visiting Newbridge House?”
“Yeah, actually I haven’t been there in a while.” agreed Katie glad that she’d worn low heeled shoes.
“I’ve a confession to make, I have never been there,” he said sheepishly.
“Really?” asked Katie in disbelief. Newbridge house and farm was only ten minutes down the road. It had originally been private land but nowadays it was open to the public with a farm that could be walked through for a nominal amount.
“I know it’s terrible, I hear it’s lovely to walk around especially now when the animals are having their young.” 
“I’ll look forward to showing you my favourite part.” Katie smiled.
“What is that?” he asked intrigued.
“Ah ah, you will have to wait and see,” she teased in return.
“Well we better make tracks then.” As he got up from the table, “I’ll just pay the bill and we can be on the way.”
During the short drive to Newbridge House and farm in Donabate, Katie looked forward to the afternoon. It was a bright and not too cold a day so it was perfect for a walk. They parked in the public car park and getting out they walked towards the house. Discreetly, however to Katie’s surprise Paul slipped his hand around hers, but it felt right so she didn’t pull away. Instead she began telling him of the history of the house and in no time they were going inside to have a look. Paul only let go of her hand when they reached the visitors shop in order to get the tickets to the farm. Once out in the farm yard he took her hand in his again.
“So what is your favourite part?” he asked.
“You’ll see” She answered mysteriously, “Have a look at the map we got in the shop.” which he did.
“Ok, what am I looking for?”
“No, why don’t we follow it and see where it leads?” she laughed “All in due time”.
“Ok, but I don’t know whether to call you a spoilsport because there’s so much on this map.”
“I know, seriously though, the farm is pretty extensive we really need to follow the map.”
“Okeydoke!”
They took their time looking at the horse drawn carriages and pieces of farm equipment from bygone ages. Then it was on to the horses and saying hello to them but as they passed through an arch Katie tugged Paul towards a stairs.
“I can’t find this on the map,” he said puzzled.
“It’s there just not very clear. A lot of people miss it first time around. Come on I have something to show you,” and she guided him up the stairs to what seemed a hay loft but there was a glow from some very low lamps. It was only as they got closer it dawned on him.
“Ah this is your favourite part,” he spoke in a low tone.
“Of course, let’s see if any chicks are hatching today,” she replied in an equally low tone and she led him over to the egg incubators. They became engrossed looking at the eggs, checking for movement and then to the chicks under the heat lamps that were only one or more days old. The hay loft was a cosy comforting place to be and Katie loved this spot. The feeling was contagious and Paul couldn’t resist the chance of stealing a kiss from Katie before they left. Katie was glad to give it.
Then they headed out to the farm yard where the goats and pigs were housed separately. There were three day old piglets to ooh and ah over and onwards they walked through the hens and then past the duck pond. They were very friendly ducks whose antics made Katie and Paul laugh. They strolled hand in hand chatting past more pigs, horses and sheep and cows until they reached the back door to the coffee shop.
“Why don’t we stop for coffee?” Paul suggested.
“Yes, laughter is such thirsty work!” she joked, “Lead on.”
When they were seated in the quaint coffee shop the banter continued until Paul asked Katie what she wanted to do for the evening.
“I don’t know….” She paused in thought.
“Well, look I was thinking of cooking for us back at the flat, that is if you are ok with that?”
Since Katie knew where the flat was she agreed, “Yeah that sounds nice, but nothing too complicated. I’m still full from lunch.”
“Don’t worry it will be something light, I haven’t even checked how to set the oven,” he joked.
“What about a simple pasta?” she suggested, knowing it wouldn’t take too much to make.
“Yes, I could make my favourite recipe, yes, and we could get a DVD. I know there is a DVD player at the flat.”
“That would be nice.”Katie agreed but wondered how much of the DVD would be viewed as she could feel the tension building between them once time alone had been mentioned. They finished their coffees in an amiable silence leaving each to their own thoughts.
Since they were near Swords one the way home, they stopped off on the main street. Before long, they were armed with the ingredients for the pasta and a new DVD and they made their way back to Rush. The flat Paul was staying at was near the Harbour and although it didn’t have a clear view, you could smell the sea from the doorstep. 
“Wow this looks great,” Katie said on entering. Looking around it was an open plan living area that she had stepped into. 
“Yes they really did a good job when they built these apartments;” agreed Paul, “Feel free to look around while I get to know the kitchen.” 
After having a look and admiring out loud Katie gravitated over to Paul.
“Is there anything I can do?” she offered taking in the ingredients spread out on the counter.
“There is one thing,” he stated as he drew her to him. His intent was unmistakable. Maintaining eye contact to the last he slowly lowered his lips to hers and Katie gave into the temptation and kissed him. As he drew her even closer so that there wasn’t even air between them he allowed her to lead the kiss and she did. Slowly she tasted and teased and when she heard his groan she opened her mouth and welcomed him in.
 Still maintaining control she nipped and teased until she too was unable to stop a moan and this became his undoing, he took her kiss and made it theirs. His hands moved up to her head and gently tilting her back he gained even more access to her mouth but it wasn’t enough for Katie as she pressed against him. In response he lifted her up onto the counter in one movement managing to not break the kiss.
 As her hands felt their way to his shoulders and felt the muscle beneath his shirt, she marvelled at his gentleness with her. Slowly she slid her fingers under his collar and he shivered in response. The feeling of control she got spurred her on and she wrapped her legs around him to draw him closer. She was immediately shocked by his apparent arousal which gave him the edge as he guided her jacket off. The feeling of his hands caressing through her silk top was unbearable and desirable at the same time for she needed his skin.
 She gave and took more of the kiss as she pulled his shirt up and was rewarded with the feel of his bare back against her fingers. He mirrored her actions but it became too much and he broke the kiss to say, “Bedroom?” when she nodded he lifted her from the counter in one fell swoop and carried her the short distance to the bed dropping her soundlessly in the middle. She looked him straight in the eye and removed her top leaving her bra for him, but he wasn’t finished teasing her yet. He started at her mouth and moved down cupping and stroking one breast as he suckled the other through her bra until she couldn’t take any more.
 With a move that took him by surprise she rolled him until she was on top and he was minus his shirt. After looking him in the eye she began an exploration all her own and was rewarded by his responsiveness. Before she knew it she was catapulted onto her back and he began unzipping her pants and a new dance had begun.

Chapter 6
Katie was gently awoken by a finger caressing her face. As she slowly opened her eyes it was to look into the gaze of his.
“Are you awake?” he asked with a smile.
“Yes” she murmured stretching a little as she did.
“It’s just past midnight, will you stay the night? I can drop you home if you’d prefer but I’d like you to stay,” he smiled gently.
Katie knew she would go with her heart, “I’ll stay,” she agreed and smiled in return.
“Then you need to eat,” he decided.
“So if I was going home it would be on an empty stomach?” she teased.
“Funny, very funny. I’ll start making the pasta. You will have some, won’t you?”
“Yes I’m actually hungry,” agreed Katie in surprise.
“There’s an extra shirt there if you need it,” he offered as he left her to get up. 
Katie sat up the moment he was gone. ‘Wow,’ she thought to herself as she remembered the hours before. When she was reminded of why there was a dull ache in her limbs she knew she had to be out in the kitchen with him. Dressed in his shirt she went to join him.
“Hey that smells lovely,” she commented peering into the pan. He gave her a gentle kiss.
“Yes I just love this dish. I used to make it going to college and would eat it hot or cold.”
“It looks good,” she agreed and indeed it smelt divine as now she was famished.
“It’s very simple, just onion, mushroom and rashers diced and fried. Add to that a can of chopped tomatoes, you can add fresh as well. When the pasta is cooked you add it in with grated cheese, that’s my secret ingredient. And then serve with more grated cheese on top, and voila there you go,” he explained as she watched the ingredients go in.
“So simple, but it looks great. I can’t wait to try it,” she agreed as he started to dish up. After one mouthful she had to compliment him again, 
“This is really good.”
“I’d thank you but I have to be honest, it’s not my original recipe.” He relented, “A girl in my college study group used to make it for us all, her name was Sandra, anyhow I got the recipe from her before she headed overseas.” He pulled a face.
“And there was I thinking you were the next master chef!” she joked between mouthfuls, 
“But I have to give you credit for copying the recipe very well,” she laughed.
After he had taken a mouthful he had to agree. After washing down the pasta with a glass of red wine, now that he didn’t have to drive her home, they decided to curl up on the sofa and put on the DVD. This didn’t last long however as a relaxed tiredness hit them both so they headed to bed for possibly the best sleep that Katie had had in a long time.
Morning came quickly enough and as Katie was awoken this time by a kiss she was in no doubt as to her location and she instinctively responded to the kiss. Arms and legs were still entwined from their sleep so Katie was in no doubt as to what was happening beneath the sheet as the kiss deepened. 
“Good morning,” he whispered against her lips and she groaned in response as his hand ran down her back and over her hip. He continued to tease her with kiss after kiss playing with her mouth and then her tongue until she could bear it no more and deepened the kiss until his restraint was extinct. His arms tightened around her and as his tongue dipped into her mouth his hand started again to run over her hip this time it traced its way up the inside of her leg, but that was where the teasing stopped and the need they shared for each other took over. He drew her to him until nothing separated them; they were one as they soared on wave after wave of passion. Then as the fire within her turned to liquid gold she sunk deeper and deeper into explosion after explosion of ecstasy crying out with abandon. When she stopped pulsating in his arms it was to the knowledge that she had experienced something that she had never experienced before. She opened her eyes to gaze at him.
“Are you ok?” he asked and all she could do was nod and he held her. He seemed to realize that this was something she wasn’t used to and continued to hold her until she moved to face him.
 “Are you sure you’re ok?” he questioned again this time scrutinizing her.
“Yes, I’m ok,” she said seriously into his face, he seemed to accept her answer. 
“There’s an electric shower there if you like and I’ll see if your clothes are presentable.” 
“Yes that would be lovely,” she agreed as they began to stir from the bed, both reluctantly.
“I’ll make us some breakfast,” he said as he pulled on his trousers which were now a little worse for wear.
“What about you?” she asked.
“Ladies first! Actually if you don’t mind I’ll shower after you so that when we get to yours if you want to change we’ll both be ready for the day.”
“Good idea.” She was relieved not to be losing his company and yet she wasn’t sure if they were moving too fast. 
After her shower Katie found her clothes on the bed as if they had been freshly laundered. ‘He must have ironed them,’ she thought to herself in surprise and set to getting herself ready. She emerged to the kitchen a short while later, dressed with a bit of lip-gloss on. It was the entire make up she had carried in her bag. Apart from her hair being still a little damp she was good to go.
Paul looked pleasantly surprised, “I hope I look as good as you when I’m done.” And he gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“Thank you, and thanks for sorting my clothes.”
“You’re welcome, right it’s my turn now. There’s toast there and a coffee too.”
“Perfect,” she smiled as he left the room. Left to her own devices she couldn’t but stop her thoughts replaying the night she had had. When she started to blush she knew it was time to stop thinking and instead concentrated on the toast. Twenty minutes later and Paul emerged freshly shaved and wearing clean clothes. He was a sight for sore eyes and Katie found it hard to look away.
“I think you look better.” She teased.
“Why thank you kind lady.” He teased back doing a mock bow and she laughed.
“So did you have any toast yourself?” she asked.
“Yes I had mine when you were in the shower so we’re good to go when you are.” He said as he sat beside her.
“Well, then there’s no time like the present,” announced Katie as she got up and put her cup and plate in the sink.
“Alright, so it’s time for the guided tour of your place?” he joked as he picked up his keys and guided her out the door.
“I guess it is.” And the 3 minute journey through the town was spent in silence except for the radio and Katie’s thoughts, “I hope it’s tidy.”
After letting them in and doing a quick look around, Katie announced, “Everything looks in order.” 
‘Thank god I filled the dishwasher!’ she thought to herself as he answered,
“Your home looks lovely, but you have messages on your phone.”
She had hoped he didn’t see that it was probably her mother, with nothing else to do but to listen to them and they were. There were three messages in total from the night before. Thank god the phone was cordless. 
“I’ll put the kettle on,” she announced but he interrupted,
“No I’ll do that while you change, go on,” so she went to her room bringing the phone with her.
Once she had freshened up she dialled her mother.
“Hi mam, how are you?”
“I’m fine I tried to ring you last night.”
“I know,” Katie acknowledged, “I was out.”
“Oh, with Tracey?”
“No I was actually on a date.” It was better to tell her over the phone, fewer questions, maybe.
“Oh anyone we know?” asked her mother sounding like this was one of twenty questions.
“No, I don’t think so but we’re spending time together today and going to a play tonight so can I fill you in another time?” It was better to nip the questions before they started.
“Yes dear, just be safe, ok?”
“Yes mam I will, don’t be worrying,” Katie often forgot how much her mother worried about things.
“Ok, why don’t you come for lunch tomorrow?”
“Yeah I will, see you then,” and they made their goodbyes.
When Katie went back down to the kitchen it was to find a lovely cup of coffee waiting for her but Paul had taken his out back to look at the green house.
“There you are,” Katie greeted but when Paul turned around she got the feeling something had changed. But then he smiled so maybe she was mistaken.
“Yeah I had to see the masterpiece. It looks well and your vegetables are growing well.” 
“So far so good. I’d better see if they need watering now that we’re here,” as she checked the soil.
“No, they’re fine for now,” she concluded, “I have to sort the garden next. It has a high water table so growing underground isn’t the best option. I just planted grass last year in the end but it still ended up a swamp.”
“I wouldn’t know but maybe a garden centre could advise,” he suggested having a good look at the grass.
“I’m going to leave it until the summer and then see what I do,” she returned a little defeatist.
“You look lovely, by the way,” he said as he looked in her direction.
“Thank you, and thanks for the coffee. Oh yeah will I phone and book tonight’s tickets? I have the number somewhere?”
“You find the number and I’ll make the call,” he decided as they went back indoors. Once she had found the number in last week’s Fingal paper Paul went ahead and phoned on his mobile. Once that was done he turned to her, “So what would you like to do today?”
“Well you have to be at Eamon’s site this afternoon so we can’t go far,” Katie reminded him.
“Oh god, I forgot. Thank god you remembered, Eamon would string me up if I wasn’t there. So we have a few hours and we need to have lunch at some point.” He looked deep in thought.
“It’s a good day, what about Malahide they have a market on a Friday near the harbour. And we can take a walk along the pier,” she suggested.
“Yeah and we’d be back for two, that’s when the foundation is due to arrive for Eamon’s house.” He agreed and so it was decided and off they went. 
By the time they arrived the market was in full swing. Stalls of every description lined the pier, from home produce to textiles to gifts all was on sale. Once they had found a parking space they got out and wandered through the market. Paul was into the home produce and must have tried every sample there was while Katie enjoyed going through the textiles and meandering through the gifts. By the time they had reached the end of the row of stalls they both were carrying a bag of wares. At this point Paul took Katie’s bag to hold for her and they proceeded to walk down the rest of the pier admiring the collection of sailboats there.
At the end of the pier Paul paused and taking a little gift box from his pocket said,
“While you were looking at the hand woven scarves I managed to get you this gift, I hope you don’t mind?” he smiled shyly.
“Ah you didn’t need to,” she protested but secretly she was intrigued as to what was in the box so taking it in her hand she opened it and found a silver pendant. It was of one heart covering another as if eclipsed. She looked at him not daring to wonder about the meaning behind the gift and looking back at the pendant she said, “Thank you it’s beautiful, really beautiful. Do you mind if I put it on?”
“It’s yours, here let me help you.” He replied as he put down the bags to help her. When she turned back, the pendant securely around her neck she reached up and kissed him. This surprisingly flustered him momentarily and after he cleared his throat he said huskily,
“Ok, now let’s go for lunch,” and they walked silently, each to their own thoughts, back along the pier to a café on the end.
They chatted about the market over lunch and even though she got the feeling that Paul was avoiding something Katie couldn’t work out what, if anything was the matter. On the drive home, however, even though he was saying all the right things she still felt something was the matter. 
Once they reached the site of his friend’s house it was a different matter, he came all over businesslike as he chatted with the work men. Eamon arrived with his wife Lynn who both recognized Katie so no major introductions were necessary. Following them the cement truck arrived, and after Paul had ok’d the dug out area layout, it started pouring. All too soon the job was done to great cheers. Eamon and his wife had been planning this house for four years and reaching this point finally after all the planning was a special moment for them. Paul didn’t need to stay long so they were on their way pretty quickly and once driving Paul suggested, “Why don’t I drop you at your place and I can collect you around 7 for the play?”
“Yes that will give me time to get ready, you’ve never seen style like that at the Millbank!” she answered lightly again wondering if there was a problem but not sure how to raise the issue.
“So its tuxedos at dawn!” he joked back but this time she was sure that the smile didn’t reach his eyes.
“Paul would you like to come in for coffee back at the house?” she asked watching his reaction.
“No I’d better not, maybe later?” he replied keeping his eyes on the road.
“Ok, now I know there’s a problem.” Katie stated out loud.
“What do you mean?” and his eyes still didn’t leave the road.
“I think we need to talk, come in for coffee.” 
There was an eerie silence in the car as they pulled up outside Katie’s. Both got out of the car and went inside without a word, at this point Katie was getting worried, ‘perhaps they had moved too fast?’ she wondered as she put the kettle on.
Once there were two cups of coffee on the table, they sat down elbow to elbow.
“Since we’ve met up again there have been times where I felt you were hiding or holding something back. What is it?” There was a deathly silence.
Finally Paul cleared his throat, “I have a problem with commitment, I can’t,” and he let out a breath.
“Paul, firstly we are only seeing each other a short time and secondly I haven’t asked for commitment.” He looked at her immediately.
“I don’t want to hurt you; you’re the last person I would ever hurt.” She was shocked by the level of pain within his eyes so she knew she would have to tread carefully.
“What is it?” she asked gently, but he shook his head.
“Commitment just doesn’t suit me. Plain and simple.” She knew in that moment that he wasn’t ready to tell her but maybe he would be one day, then again maybe he would never be ready to tell her. Katie took a sip of her coffee as she thought it through. After an age she had her response ready.
She touched the pendant with her fingertips, hoping to god that she was doing the right thing, said, “Well then I think we should take whatever it is that we have, one day at a time. If the time ever arises where I need more commitment from you, well then I’ll let you know. We can talk at that point but for now let’s just enjoy what we have now.”
Paul stayed silent for a few moments and then seemed to relax as he replied, “Are you sure you’re ok with that?”
She paused as she looked into his eyes once again touching the pendant realizing not for the first time that her heart was really on the line, “Yes I think it’s the best for both of us,” and she knew in that second that she was right. 
“What about the play?” he asked.
“Oh yes we have to get ready, what time are you collecting me?” she boldly sidestepped a direct answer instead choosing to test the water.
“Would a quarter to seven be ok? I had planned to take you for a drink in the in-house bar before we took our seats,” he followed her lead much to Katie’s relief.
“Perfect, I’ll be waiting,” she agreed getting up from the table and busying herself with removing the cups to the sink. Again he followed her lead and said his goodbye kissing her on the cheek as he left.
Immediately Katie let out her breath as she sat back down at the table rubbing her face with her hands. ‘How is this going to work? I think just like the pendant my heart is at risk of becoming eclipsed by him. What could have hurt him so badly? Oh god the play, how do I introduce him if we meet someone I know?’ 
Time was ticking on but yet with all the questions circling in her mind she found it hard to concentrate on getting ready. Thankfully however when Paul pulled up she was indeed ready and waiting and she had to admit looking forward to the evening.

Chapter 7
This time when she woke it was with the certain knowledge that she was where she preferred to be, in her own bed. However she was also deliciously enveloped by wonderfully familiar arms. When she glanced up it was to find him still asleep. She smiled, ‘How peaceful he looks.’
The play had been great. Of course the Millbank always set a high standard and their new rendition of ‘The Odd Couple’ was top notch. It had been very funny; they had both sore sides by the end of it. Earlier while in the bar they had met people they both knew. Katie had introduced Paul as her friend which he had seemed ok with so her previous fears had been a little unfounded. All in all the evening had been a success, thankfully.
At this point Paul began to wake up mumbling, “Good morning,” as he did.
To which she echoed the same. He cuddled her in reply and then dipped his head and gave her a gentle kiss.
“I think it’s my turn to cook breakfast,” she announced starting to sit up. But he interrupted her, tugging her back down.
“You don’t get away that easily,” he mocked and then proceeded to kiss her at length. The kiss deepened until she was filled with the softest liquid gold, and this time it was she who broke the kiss, to slowly explore him with her lips. As she reached the hollow of his neck he moaned spurring her on and then he started to sensuously caress her turning that gold into fire. By the time her lips met his hip neither one could call a halt, he guided her back. Looking directly into her eyes he moved forward, his kiss demanded she to open herself to him which she did very willingly and the fire exploded sending them simultaneously into the sweetest of ecstasy.  When they were spent, arms and legs entwined, neither one was willing to leave the closeness for a very long time. 
Eventually Paul murmured, “Did you say something about Breakfast?” smiling.
“Yes I did say it was my turn to make it, didn’t I?” she smiled reluctantly getting up and throwing on a tracksuit.
“If you like I could make it?” he offered openly enjoying the view.
“No I will. There’s an electric shower if you want to use it?” she offered not sure if she wanted to picture him in it without her.
“Join me?” he teased as if reading her mind.
“Not this time,” she responded openly blushing and left the room before she changed her mind.
Once in the kitchen she checked the cupboards to see what she could cook eventually deciding on a mushroom, onion and tomato omelette sprinkled with cheese served with toast. She was almost ready when Paul called her from the hall.
“Katie you never told me about your sewing.” He said as she met him at the study door.
“It’s a project I’m working on in my spare time,” she explained as he looked around the room with interest.
“Wow its lovely,” he complimented walking over to a worktop to view her quilt.
“Thank you, now breakfast is ready so…”
“Yeah, you can tell me all about it over breakfast,” he suggested as he followed her to the kitchen.
After she dished up and he had complimented her on the food, he went on to ask,
“So you quilt, is that what they call it?”And he took a bite of toast.
“Yes, my aunt taught me when I was young but I only started back recently.”
“It looks really professional.”
“Thank you but I have a way to go.” They continued eating.
Then Paul suggested, “You could start selling, I mean the quilt you have finished is sellable in my book.”
“Well,” she answered, “That quilt is personal so it won’t be sold but I have been working on some designs. When I was in college I did my thesis on an online quilt company and recently I’ve been toying with the idea. I’m just not sure if it’s too big an ambition.”
“Well I think that’s a great idea.”
“Maybe,” she replied. “But it would involve a lot of sewing I’m not sure about the logistics.”
“Listen if you need a hand with any part of it, I’m all yours,” he offered enthusiastically, “But the sewing will have to be your domain,” he added with a mock grimace.
“Thank you, but I’m only at the thinking stage yet and obviously I have to work around my job hours.”
“Well think about it,” he suggested and they finished their breakfast taking their coffee out into the garden as it was a mild morning.
“When are you leaving?” Katie asked reluctantly knowing that there was no certainty of when she would see him again.
“I have to be on the road within the hour.”
“Oh.”
“Katie,” he said turning to face her, “I want you to know that you, this it means a lot and I do want to continue seeing you, if that’s what you want too?.”
Looking him in the eye she very decisively replied, “I’d like to continue seeing you too.”
They smiled at each other and he leaned in for a soft kiss and said gently,
“Then that’s what we’ll do.”
Before long it was time to say goodbye and although Katie said hers brightly she was feeling anything but. After a wonderfully long and lingering kiss Paul left and Katie was alone in her thoughts. She touched the pendant she was wearing absently as she continued to think of Paul, until she saw the clock and jumped up to go and get ready, she was late for lunch at her parents.
Thankfully they only lived on the Channel road a stones throw from Hayestown so although she was late she wasn’t too late.
“Hi Mam,” she greeted as she hugged her mother.
“Hi love, I wasn’t sure if you would make it.”
“No I was just running late. Hi Dad,” she called out to her father as he came in from the shed.
“Ah you’re here,” he acknowledged as she gave him a peck on the cheek.
“I made a nice salad I hope you’re ok with that?” her mother asked and when she said she was they all sat down to eat.
A few moments later her mother enquired, “So the chap you’re seeing, he was with you at the play?”
“Yes, didn’t I say?” Katie returned puzzled.
“Well I was down the street this morning and I bumped into Maura. She was at the play last night and saw you there.”
“Yes I remember. I introduced her to Paul,” and Katie continued eating.
“So his name is Paul?” her mother continued.
“Yes mam, its Paul O’Connor, I think you know his mother Esther. She sings in the choir.”
“Ah, I knew the name rang a bell. He’s away isn’t he?”
“He’s working in Wexford, but he travels up and down. Look it’s early days yet. We met while you were away so it’s only been a couple of weeks.”
“You will be careful won’t you?” her mother asked with concern.
“Yes mam, you don’t need to worry, I’m a big girl now,” Katie teased.
“Ok if you say,” her mother accepted but appearing reluctant. The remainder of lunch was spent with her mother relaying various tit bits of local news, both what she had been told and what she had read in the local newspaper. Katie stayed a while after eating but eventually left to go for a walk before heading home.
Since it was Saturday the town was quite busy as she walked down the main street but it didn’t stop her from pausing as usual at the jeweller’s window. She gazed on the watch as she had done many times before. “Who knows..” she wondered to herself, “Maybe.” She thought of Paul and their growing relationship and she was bombarded with a mixture of emotions. She knew her heart was involved but it was too early to say the L word. With his problem with commitment, whatever that was, would there ever be a time? She just didn’t know so she left the window still feeling mixed emotions and walked towards the harbour. She knew she would find solace there.
On her way back up the street she decided to call into Connie at the diner. She hadn’t chatted with her for a while and it was a day for hot chocolate. 
“Hi Connie,” she greeted.”How are you?”
“I’m fine,” Connie returned, “Well I would be fine if the dishwasher wasn’t blocked!”
“What?”
“Yeah, Sarah is the new human dishwasher while I try to unblock the thing,.” answered Connie in exasperation.
“Do you need a hand?” offered Katie.
Well would you take over the counter while I give the dishwasher one last try, honestly how hard is it to clear a plate before you put it in?” Connie muttered as she went in the direction of the kitchen.
‘Poor Sarah,’ thought Katie to herself as she stepped behind the counter, ‘she’ll never hear the end of this.’
Sarah was in Katie’s opinion the most accident prone person she had ever come across. It was a wonder that Connie kept her on, but sure the customers loved her and the chaos that came with her. Katie smiled.
For the next hour Katie served customer after customer all surprised to see her behind the counter. The regulars, however were full of chat as they passed through. Katie enjoyed the change and found her way around in no time. Just as Connie righted the dishwasher Katie heard an unmistakable shuffle behind her. 
“Hello girlie,” said a gravelly voice as she turned around.
“Mrs. Smith, how are you?” greeted Katie. 
“No point complaining,” came the reply as Mrs. Smith started shuffling on her walking stick in the direction of her usual table. Then she paused, turned and narrowed her eyes, “I’ll have my usual, you do remember?”
“Of course I do,” answered a smiling Katie indulgently. For as long as she could remember the elderly woman had smoked cod and chips every lunchtime, she was predictable but there were some things about her that would surprise anyone, for one thing she was the most expert knitter around. Given that her hands were curled with very bad arthritis this always surprised Katie.
As Katie prepared Mrs. Smiths lunch Connie came back into the diner with the best news,
“All done the dishwasher is back in action and Sarah can rest now,” she said with relief.
“How are things here?” 
“All good, everything’s up to date. If Sarah is going for lunch I can stay on?” suggested Katie.
“Ah thanks, maybe stay for a bit,” and then in a quieter tone, “I made Sarah clean everything in sight, even the vents with grease on them, I think she’ll be more careful in future.”
Katie had to chuckle.
“On a more serious note though, I heard you were seen out with someone at the play the other night,” Connie questioned.
“There’s no secrets in this town is there?” Katie smiled.
“Not when I’m here you can be sure,” joked Connie, “So…?”
“His name is Paul, Paul O’Connor, and it’s very, very early days yet,” Katie explained to her friend. 
“Ah I remember him when he was a skinny child, he moved away didn’t he?” asked Connie as she nodded her head remembering.
“Yes he’s working in Wexford but he travels up and down.”
“Well I hope he travels up here more than he has now that he’s seeing you!” retorted Connie but showing a little concern.
“Yeah, well we’ll see how it goes,” replied Katie as more customers came into the diner so the conversation was cut short much to her relief. An hour later and Sarah was back off her lunch break, happy to be off wash up duty, so Katie sat down with a nice cup of hot chocolate.
After spending some time relaxing and just watching the activity in the diner and out through the window Katie realised it was getting dull, that the time was passing to evening so she said to Connie, “I think I’ll have something to eat while I’m here.”
“Good, you could do with a bit of fattening up!” joked Connie, “So what’s it to be? It’ll be on the house after you giving me a hand earlier.”
“Ah, thanks a cod and side salad would be nice.”
“No problem, coming up,” replied Connie as she readied the meal. It was delicious as always and when she was finished eating Katie made her goodbyes and walked home.
Once inside she settled the house for the night and went into the study. By now her quilt was finished but she was working on some sample squares for new designs so she took some time organising her materials before getting down to some sewing. She loved the time she spent in the study and the quilting was so therapeutic on one hand and on the other it gave you confidence as the quilt was built square by square. It was what drew her to the activity. A few hours passed quickly and soon it was time to go to bed. Paul was still uppermost on her mind and it was with memories of their time together that she eventually drifted into a dreamful sleep.
Katie awoke to the sound of rain the following morning. “Typical! Rush weather.” She thought to herself as she got up. She donned an old tracksuit as she had planned to stay in and get on top of the house work today. While getting breakfast ready she glanced out the back garden. It was more than a swamp, probably nearer to a lake. “It must have been raining all night”, she thought to herself in disbelief. “I have to get some advice about the garden,” she thought for the umpteenth time. Katie flew through the house work and soon every surface was gleaming and all clothes washed. Katie took some time to be proud of herself before eating and then retiring to the study. There she stayed for the rest of the day and was still sewing when the phone rang that evening.
“Hello Katie,” Paul greeted.
“Hi Paul how are you?” she asked with enthusiasm as she was glad to hear from him.
“Everything’s good,” he replied, “The meeting yesterday went well and the project starts Monday. We’re building an office block down along the quay’s here. They’re clearing the ground Monday morning and then it will be full steam ahead.”
“God that’s great, so you’ll be busy?”
“Ah the contractor will be doing all the work, I’ll be overseeing the design at various stages, and most of my job is nearly done. So how have you been?”
“Well I’m only back to work tomorrow so I’ve been enjoying these few days. Apart from the usual things around the house I’ve mainly been sewing.”
“Very industrious! How did lunch go with your parents?”                   
“Ah it was grand. They asked about you.”
“Oh what did you say?”
“Just a little about you and that it was early days. My mother had been down the street earlier that day and had already heard that we had been to the play.”
“Typical Rush! So they were ok?”
“Ah yeah, I’m a big girl now!” joked Katie.
“I’ve mentioned things in passing to my mother too, like you I didn’t want her hearing anything second hand from someone else.”
“Yeah you’re better off, Rush has a grapevine like no other town I know,” Katie laughed trying to hide her confusing emotions. ‘Paul had been clear that he didn’t want commitment yet he told his mother he was seeing me, why?’ 
“Listen, I’m ringing to say hi and also to say I won’t be back to Rush for about 2 weeks but I will phone and I really look forward to seeing you then,” he said oblivious to her thoughts.
“Well I’m looking forward to seeing you too,” she smiled down the phone. After they said their goodbyes and Katie had put down the phone she couldn’t help but wonder about Paul and why he was behaving this way yet said he didn’t want commitment? This puzzlement continued until she went to bed and no solution was forthcoming in her mind. She drifted into a less relaxed sleep than normal.    


Chapter 8
Katie awoke in a better frame of mind. At some time in the night she had decided while tossing and turning to let sleeping dogs lie and accept the relationship for what it was for the moment. Although a little tired, she was looking forward to getting to work so up she got and busied herself getting ready. By the time she reached the supermarket she was ready for whatever the day threw at her.
“Good morning.” She greeted Tracey as she entered the office.
“Good morning you, how was your break?” came the reply.
“It was lovely thanks.” 
Tracey eyed her with interest, “You will have to tell all, but first the Easter egg delivery has arrived and is blocking the usual ones so…”
“Oh dear not again, every year I have to undo the mess that builds up in the delivery area, Why can’t Terry plan in advance?” she asked in exasperation turning to leave the office. Terry was the oldest staff member and also the delivery supervisor so she would have to be tactful.
Katie made her way to the delivery dock and sensitively sorted the mess out just in time for break.
‘I hope there was nothing important in the post.’ She thought to herself as she mentally went through the tasks she had to get through before the end of the day. In the end she couldn’t stop for lunch so Tracey brought her a sandwich back. It wasn’t until the end of the day that Tracey decided to quiz her again about her break.
“So its 10 minutes to home time and you still have to tell me about your time off.” 
“There’s nothing much to tell,” Katie hedged.
“At least tell me if you saw Paul?” Tracey asked excitedly.
“Ok.” Katie relented as she closed down her computer, “We did spend some time together, and it was lovely, nice and relaxing.”
“I’d guess it was more than relaxing by the look on your face,” Tracey teased.
“Tracey!” Katie admonished as she blushed more, “any way while we’re on the subject, how are you and Jack?”
“It’s going ok,” said Tracey shyly.
“It’s more than ok judging by your face,” laughed Katie and Tracey joined in.  
Katie did one last check of the stores before heading home. Thankfully the Easter egg delivery had been sorted with some already out on the shelves and the remainder following in due course. Once she was sure all was in order she left for home looking forward to an evening of pampering, she still had some supplies from her trip to the chemist and she wouldn’t even cook. It was a take away that was on the menu too.
Once she had eaten she set to laying out the various concoctions and it was just after she applied the face mask that the phone rang. 
‘Damn it’s probably my mother; I’ll have to answer it,’ thought Katie as she reached for the receiver, “Hello?”
“Hello you,” came the masculine voice. It was Paul.
Katie felt herself blush.
“How was work?” he asked.
“Busy, the Easter eggs arrived today.”
“Really? That’s early isn’t it?” he asked surprised.
“Ah it gets earlier every year,” she replied with a grimace, “Any way how was your day?”
“Just as busy, The ground was cleared for the building to begin. I couldn’t believe it. They were there at the crack of dawn and were finished by 4pm. I thought it would take about 2 days.”
“Wow,” it was Katie’s turn to be surprised, “Very impressive. So when does it all begin?”
“Well they start the digging on Wednesday so it’s going to move on very quickly,” he replied.
“So you’re going to be quite busy?” she asked realising it may be more than a couple of weeks before she saw him again.
“Busy enough,” he answered and then added as if he was reading her thoughts, “But I will manage at some point to get up to Rush. I would like to spend some more time together.”
Katie smiled into the phone, “I’ll look forward to that.”
“Me too.”
After chatting for another few minutes they made their goodbyes and as Katie replaced the receiver, she realized her face was brick solid with the mask and made a dash for the bathroom to take it off. 
After she had a luxurious bath and then a foot soak she retired to bed glowing from head to toe. This night she did sleep peacefully, with dreams of Paul.
The next morning she woke feeling refreshed and as she had the time she applied a slight covering of make up to go with her mood before heading to work. 
“Look at you!” greeted Tracey to a grinning Katie.
“I thought I’d make the effort, just this once,” she joked in return.
It wasn’t long before the usual paperwork was sorted and Katie went down to the floor to make sure all was well with the store. While checking the stock behind the main counter she suddenly heard that wonderful voice, “I think these are for you?”
When she turned around she was shocked to see Paul standing there with a radiant bunch of flowers. When she was struck silent he smiled, “surprise.”
“What are you doing here?” she asked smiling as she came from behind the counter to face him.
“I had less than 24 hours free so I thought I’d surprise you, I hope you don’t mind?” he asked looking a little worried.
“No I don’t mind, but we better move away from here.” Katie was aware of the growing audience so led him and the bouquet towards the stairway to the office.
“Ah, so this is where you work,” he announced as they walked through the door of the office towards a surprised Tracey.
“Yes, and this is Tracey who really does most of the work.” 
“So true!” interjected Tracey as she held out her hand. 
“I’m Paul,” he introduced himself as he shook the offered hand.
“I sort of guessed that, flowers and all,” Tracey replied eyeing the pair of them in amusement.
“So what time do you have lunch?” Paul asked Katie as he held out the flowers.
“Emm, around 1pm usually,” she replied as she took a sniff of the flowers, heavenly.
“I’ll pick you up then,” he returned decisively and with that he said good bye and left Katie to her work and one gorgeous bouquet of flowers.
A short while later Tracey turned around and suggested what Katie was already thinking, “Why don’t you take an early day? You’ve worked up a few hours I’m sure there’s enough, will I check?”
“I was just thinking the same thing, but is it too near after taking a long weekend?” she wondered out loud.
“No, not when there’s nothing planned for the afternoon, it’s going to be quiet. Ah here we are, yes you have 5 and a half hours worked up. Will I phone Jack?” she offered enthusiastically.
Katie laughed, “You just want an excuse to talk to Jack!”
“Katie!” she mock objected.
“Ok go ahead ring Jack,” Katie relented, knowing that she would love to spend the afternoon with Paul.
Tracey did ring Jack and after a half hour conversation about anything but Katie’s hours she finally asked and gave Katie the thumbs up as the conversation was progressing Katie left Tracey in privacy and went downstairs to double check everything.
The time dragged for Katie but there were no surprises at the store; which was a plus.
1 o’clock arrived and after quickly checking her appearance and hair Katie descended the stairs as Paul stepped in front. After quickly checking around him he leant forward and gave her a quick peck on the lips.
“Hi,” he greeted.
“Hi yourself,” she replied smiling.
“So where would you like to go for lunch?” he asked.
“Why don’t we get something from the deli counter and take it back to mine, I have the afternoon off,” she suggested cunningly, but with a smile.
“Oh?” he smiled back, “That sounds like a plan.”
It wasn’t long before they reached Katie’s house the tension building between them through the short journey.
“Welcome to my humble abode,” she joked as they went through the door.
“Thank you, kind lady,” he returned giving a mock bow.
Once they had reached the kitchen and Katie had placed the salads on the table, Paul turned her around and drew her to him in what started as a gentle kiss but developed quickly into one of passion. Paul was the first to pull back saying “Whoa, you’ve been working all morning you need to eat.”
Katie’s reply was to take him by the hand and silently lead him to the bedroom.
 Once there they couldn’t keep their hands off one another. Kissing the moment they went over the threshold, tasting each other, getting closer and closer, and hands caressing each to the other until it wasn’t enough.
Katie was the one whobegan to undress between kisses impatient for more. In response to Paul’s moan, she gladly helped him off with his shirt running her hands across his chest as she did so. This was the beginning of Paul’s undoing and Katie? Well Katie revelled in her new found confidence and pushed him onto the bed.
 Climbing on top of him she resumed the kiss but this time she teased him growing more confident by the minute but as his response grew so did the fire inside of her and just as she was about to lose control he rolled her in one quick movement so that he was now on top. Katie gasped as she became the one being kissed and oh how she was being kissed.
In one fell swoop the last of her clothing was gone and she was all his. This time when they kissed, with nothing between them, not an item of clothing, she rolled him until she was back on top. Now it was him that was gasping and moaning with pleasure as she began to explore him. Slowly she caressed and tasted him, the more he moaned the slower she went until he could take no more and he lifted her up and guided her down until she was filled with him.
 Katie let out a cry of unmistakable pleasure and the rhythm began. Slowly at first, neither could take their eyes of the other, and then the pace quickened as the fire rose, each needing release but not willing to achieve without the other. Finally they cried out in unison. Soundlessly Paul drew her to him and kissed her gently, reverently and she knew she was his, and he was hers.
They lay there limbs entangled, not talking just being together. It was Katie that broke the silence, “I think we can have lunch now.”
Paul laughed, “I told you, you needed to eat.”
“I agreed, I was famished!” she smiled back her meaning very clear.
When Katie turned around from getting dressed it was to find Paul openly admiring her appearance.
“What?”  She asked after donning a pink leisure suit and pink fluffy slippers.
“You are so pretty in pink,” he half teased, and she threw a pillow at him.
By the time they had eaten dusk was falling, for which Katie was thankful. It meant she could pull the curtains and close the rest of the world out. She lit the low lamps in the lounge while Paul put some background music on and then they cuddled on the sofa.
“I never asked,” said Paul, “How is the quilting?”
“It’s going well. My quilt is finished as you know, I’m thinking of putting it into the Horticultural Show. That’s coming up beginning of summer.”
“Ah yeah I remember that, it’s a good show.”
“Yeah, but as far as my designs go, they’re getting there. I have a few done, ready for photographing and other nights I’ve been working on the website, a bit of a ways to go but the bare bones are done.”
“Do you mind if I have a look at it?” asked Paul with interest.
“Yeah, if you like, I don’t mind,” she replied surprised and they detangled themselves and went into the study.
“You were right when you said the designs were coming along.” Paul commented as he surveyed the room chockablock with quilting squares but it was the computer he went to as she turned it on.
They spent the next two hours working together on her website enjoying each other’s company.
“There now, what do you think?” he asked her gesturing towards the finished template.
“I love it; I just can’t believe we got that much done. It would have taken me days.”
“No it wouldn’t have taken that long, you have a good grasp,” he replied as he started testing what they had created.
“Why don’t I cook for us?” she offered.
“You don’t have to, we can eat out if you like or I could cook?” he offered attention still on the computer.
“No sure it’s my turn anyway. What about something really unhealthy like a fry and steak?”  
He looked at her in surprise, “Do you need me to get the meat? That would be lovely.”
“No, I did a bit of shopping yesterday on my way home, I have everything,” she said as she began to leave the room. In truth, she had bought 2 steaks and had forgotten to freeze one! Thank God.
It didn’t take long to heat the pan; she had laid out her ingredients while she was waiting. A fry was always comfort food, but only on special occasions. In no time the onions, mushrooms and tomatoes were done and she put them on a tray in her preheated oven. Next, after seasoning, she placed the steaks in the pan, when she had asked Paul what way he had wanted it he had mumbled medium rare to the computer. Once they were done and in the oven, she turned up the pan to fry the potato farls and called Paul to the table.
“Wow, if you hadn’t have called me the gorgeous smell would have,” he said as he sat down, “Potato Farls? Do they still make them?”
“Yes thank God, they’re delicious. Sally’s stock them but they sell very fast,” she replied as she sat down.
“I’m not surprised.” Paul said between mouthfuls, “By the way, compliments to the chef.”
“Thank you,” replied Katie tucking in herself. She had served the meal with sparkling water, she didn’t usually have alcohol in the house but Paul didn’t seem to mind.
“I managed to finish testing your web site,” he said between bites, “It does look really well and ready to launch apart from the ordering section, that will take a little work, but I can help you when I’m back up, if you like?”
“That would be great thank you; I’m thinking of launching a display site first to see what interest there is.”
“That should be easy with what you’ve built so far,” he agreed.
“Hopefully, I’m not fully decided yet. Each quilt takes a lot of sewing so pricing them will be difficult, and then there’s the time factor…” she replied thoughtfully.
“I can imagine but I’m here if you need help, ok?” he offered.
“Thanks.”   
Afterwards they washed the meal down with tea and some shortbread. 
“Another of my childhood favourites,” commented Paul with delight.
“Thank you for a lovely meal,” he said and gave her a gentle kiss making her blush.
“When do you need to go back?” she asked not sure if she wanted to know the answer.
“Well, I need to be there at 9am tomorrow morning so I need to leave sometime tonight. I know it sounds odd but I was thinking of driving back around 4am in the morning. That way the sun is coming up and there’ll be no one on the roads, except me.”
“Will you be ok driving at that time, what about sleep?” she asked concerned.
“Well I was thinking we could go to bed early?” he said sheepishly.
“Ok, but just for sleep,” she said decisively, “I don’t want you falling asleep behind the wheel.”
“Ok, boss,” he teased, but he knew she was right.
After tidying everything away they went to the bedroom. It felt strange but really nice to Katie to be cuddled in a spoon like fashion and she easily drifted asleep. They were woken up by the alarm on Paul’s phone.
“It’s time,” she said to him as he kissed her, “No it’s time to get up!”
“I know, but I hate leaving you.”
“Yes I know the feeling but you need some breakfast before you go.” And with that she got up and made some toast and coffee while he got ready. It wasn’t long before they said good bye and then Katie was alone. And surprisingly she actually felt alone. It was too late to go back to bed and too early to get ready for work so she sat over a cup of coffee pondering the interesting turn her life had taken.


 Chapter 9
Katie busied herself at work for the remainder of the week very much aware that it might be a while before she saw Paul again. In the evenings she took time to herself, oh she did sew but not as much as she had been sewing, instead she went for walks, did the garden and of course called in to see Connie who was, now that the better weather was here, back to her old self plotting and planning an overhaul of the diner.
“Not again Connie! I helped you paint only last September,” Katie replied in surprise remembering only too well the trouble they had gone to with Connie watching every brush stroke of the paint she had taken so long to choose.
“Ah but look at it,” Connie objected throwing her hands in the air, “The tables have left wear marks on the walls, not to mention hand and foot marks from the customers, and I want to move the counters around.”
“Firstly the walls can be washed you chose a washable paint, remember? And secondly to move the counters you’d have to get a workman in, that’s a really big job, do you want the mess?” asked Katie as she tried to see the marks on the walls that Connie did and failing miserably.
“Ah it’d be done in a day,” Connie brushed aside Katie’s concerns as she started to see the finished plan in her mind. Katie, having seen that expression on Connie’s face before, silently groaned in defeat. 
“Ok what’s your plan?” Katie reluctantly asked and readied herself for a full blown description of everything down to the cups.
It took a while but Connie did run out of steam about an hour later with Katie agreeing to do the painting yet again. However she couldn’t help but get caught up in Connie’s excitement and actually looked forward to the task. ‘I suppose it’s the artist in me!’ she thought dryly to herself.
It was Friday before Katie heard from Paul. The phone rang as she was coming in from the garden.
“Hello you, miss me?” he jokingly greeted.
“Loads!” she teased back.
“How was your week?” he asked.
“Ah it ticked over, nothing out of the ordinary at work, but I got a few things done around the house, what about you?”
“Busier than I expected. The framework for the build arrived and one of the sections had to be sent back, it had to be re-cut so there was a lot of organising and then the site had to be secured.”
“Will it hold you back much?” she asked out of concern.
“Well we were able to phone ahead so that saved a little time. Hopefully the correct piece will be here by Wednesday, touch wood.”
“Ah good, oh guess what? Connie is going to revamp the diner.”
“Really? It looked fine to me,” he said with surprise.
“Yep! And I’m in charge of the painting!” she chuckled.
“When are you doing that?” 
“Ah, in about a couple of weeks, Connie will take a while to choose the paint,” and she went on to fill him in on the last paint job she had done for Connie.
“Well all I can say is you did a good job!” he complimented after the joking was done.
“With Connie as supervisor no-one could do a bad job.”
They talked some more but reluctantly the phone call came to an end and when Katie replaced the receiver she knew she had really missed him.
The following day she walked over to her parents for a prearranged lunch to find the house in chaos.
“I don’t know, Connie’s revamping the diner and you’re upending the house, Have I missed something?” she joked to her mother on arrival.
“It’s just a spring clean,” her mother replied defensively.
“It’s never just a spring clean with your mother,” announced her father, as he appeared in the hall amid a very large number of boxes.
“Too true,” answered Katie, “So fill me in.”
“Well those boxes are for charity,” said her mother as she pointed to one group, “Those are for the attic, don’t mix them up!” she ordered as her father began to lift one.
“I wouldn’t do that dear,” her father replied dryly as he made his way up the stairs box in hand.
“So is there anything I can do?” Katie asked looking around.
“Not now, it’s just organisation.”
“I can see that,” half joked Katie as she hesitantly made her way through the maze of boxes.
“I made some vegetable soup for lunch,” announced her mother as she began to lead the way to the kitchen.
“Mmm sounds lovely,” and Katie followed the smell.
During lunch of course she was grilled about Paul. Both her parents wanted to meet him, but Katie was reluctant to agree, but not fully sure why.
“Maybe after some time but it’s too early yet.” 
“Well if you leave it too long to introduce him properly there may never be a right time.” commented her mother.
“I know mam, but let’s leave it for now,” and the subject was closed for the moment.
Katie spent the afternoon helping her mother sort through things and was so surprised at the mountain in the attic.
“Mam, I never knew you hoarded?” she gasped in surprise as she looked around.
“It’s not hoarding if the things will come in use some time,” objected her mother.
“Mam that’s what hoarding is!”
“There’s no point going down that road,” piped her father as he stepped up with the next casualty.
“So where does this one go?” he asked about the box he was carrying and the afternoon flew until the hall was free again.
“Wow you kept everything,” said a surprised Katie as she took pictures she had drawn as a child out of one box.
“Do you remember that?” asked her mother pointing to one of the drawings, “You won first prize for it in the Horticultural Show that year.”
“Yes I remember! I’m thinking of entering my quilt this year,” announced Katie looking at her mother.
“I think you should, you’ve worked ever so hard on it,” she agreed as she started organising a pile of books.
“What’s that?” her father asked as he arrived with another box. Katie explained and he too thought she should enter. They spent the rest of the afternoon reminiscing until Katie said her goodbyes. Walking home she thought fondly of her parents, ‘what a funny pair’.
The following day Katie finally took some time for her quilting. She had at this point enough pieces to fill the website so she spent the day photographing everything and in the evening uploaded the images into place. At about 8pm the phone rang. Thinking it was Paul she ran to get it but surprise, surprise it was an excited Connie.
“Katie, I got the paint!” was the greeting she gave.
“What? Already?” a very surprised Katie asked.
“Yes and I’ve organised a man to move the counters Friday night.”
Katie was shocked, Connie was always planning but it always took an age for her to follow through, but not this time.
“God that was quick!”
“Well as they say time waits for no man,” came the reply. “So when are you coming in to see the paint?”
“I’ll be in tomorrow, no problem Connie, what colour did you choose?”
“A nice lilac with a deeper blue for the woodwork. Nice eh?” Connie replied. Katie knew Connie had always chosen a variant of red or pink so this surprised her further.
“Very nice,” Katie agreed and once they had said their goodbyes, Katie tidied up what she had been doing and with a cup of hot chocolate decided on an early night.
Monday morning dawned bright and mild and Katie was glad to get back to work but it was only at morning break that Tracey spilled the beans and told her the reason for her good mood.
“Jack met the kids on Sunday and it went well.”
“Ah Tracey, I’m so glad for you. I didn’t know things had gotten so serious,” Katie commended realising that she had become so absorbed about her own romance that she had not chatted much to Tracey about hers.
“We need a girlie night; it’s been an age since we had one,” she suggested to which Tracey agreed.
“Why don’t we do it some night next week?”
“Yeah lovely.” And they arranged the details before going back up to the office. 
Lunch time was as usual at the diner. This time however Connie was full of the joys of renovating and couldn’t wait to show them the paint. Both girls loved the colour which caused Connie to smile even wider if that were possible.
“I’m glad; it’s such a change from the usual,” she said as she looked around at the candy floss pink walls.
The remainder of the week flew with Paul phoning twice. But they were short phone calls which concerned Katie, but as she couldn’t come up with a reason she eventually put it down to him being tired, as he was rather busy with the build.
Friday evening arrived and as she was walking out of work she heard a voice call her name. Looking across the road she could see a harassed looking Connie. Watching the traffic she crossed over to her.
 “What’s the matter?” she asked concerned.
“I was coming to meet you, Paddy the carpenter says I can’t move one of the counters, something about pipes, but I had my heart set on it.”
Here it was, the beginning of the impossible weekend, Katie knew.
“Here let’s go and see what’s the matter, shall we?” Katie said gently as she put an arm around Connie to guide her back to the Diner.
“This is my friend Katie,” introduced Connie. 
“Hi,” greeted Katie as she held out her hand to Paddy, “I think I met you at my parent’s house. You put in their new kitchen.”
“Yes, I though you looked familiar, How’s the kitchen holding up?” he replied as Connie started to fidget.
“It’s perfect,” Katie quickly answered and aware of Connie’s impatience continued, “So what is the problem?”
“Well it’s the pipes for the coffee machine. They need to be moved with the counter.” He answered scratching his balding head.
“Do you want the pipes moved?” Katie asked Connie calmly.
“Of course!”
“Do you know anyone who could do it at short notice?” she asked this time to Paddy.
“I think so. I’d have to make a few phone calls,” he said thoughtfully eyeing the pipes again.
“Ok, now that’s settled,” Katie turned to Connie, “Why don’t I make us a nice cup of tea before the water’s turned off?”
“Good idea, I’m over reacting, aren’t I?” she replied sheepishly.
“Yes,” agreed Katie and now that the crisis was averted they relaxed over a cup of tea. Katie however knew that this would only be one of many crisis points this weekend. Last year it had been the same. Connie plans and then when it’s happening she panics because underneath it all the diner is her baby and god forbid anyone would do anything to harm it.
The following morning Katie was up with the lark for she knew Connie would be waiting very impatiently for her arrival. After dressing in old clothes she paused at the mirror touching the pendant that she had worn ever since Paul had given it to her and reluctantly took it off. “It would never do to get it covered in paint.” She thought to herself fingering it as she placed it on her dresser wistfully. Taking a deep breath she headed out the door and to the diner.
“What do you call this time?” Connie demanded checking her watch.
“Relax Connie the place will be good as new by night fall,” Katie replied used to Connie’s temperament but at the same time knew it would definitely be a long day.
“Well, best get started,” mumbled Connie as she opened the door.
It didn’t take long for Katie to get organised, thankfully the work that was done the night before had not left too much mess.
“You were right there is more room now that the counter is lengthways,” agreed Katie as she looked around.
“Enough of that stalling!” ordered Connie impatient for the painting to begin causing Katie to smile and knowing it was best to give the woman something to do suggested, “Why don’t you start masking the edges over the counter?”
“Well if I have to do it myself!” and with that Connie was occupied so Katie could begin masking the skirting boards. Katie was aware that the older woman couldn’t bend too much due to her arthritis so she worked fast to prepare all the lower areas of the diner before beginning the painting.
“Do you know what you’re doing?” worried Connie as Katie started filling the painting tray.
“Of course, you know I painted here before, you are not to worry, ok?” Katie soothed surprised at Connie’s level of concern.
“I’m a silly old woman, aren’t I?” Connie asked.
“No you’re not, well not silly anyway, but I’m not sure about the old,” she teased in return.
“Connie turned from what she was doing, “Cheeky!” she replied and they worked until there was nothing more for Connie to do.
“Why don’t you go home for a bit?” suggested Katie when Connie took to looking over her shoulder.
“Ah maybe I will, but I’ll come back with a bit of lunch for you.” 
“That would be lovely,” Katie said with relief. She knew she could work faster if she was left to it. The morning passed quick enough and when Connie returned it was to find that all the edging and gloss were done.
“God it looks great,” she praised as she inspected the work.
“Yeah the place seems more open with the change of colour and rearranging,” replied Katie as she looked around.
“You did well with the edges, very neat,” added Connie as she peered closely along a wall.
“Thanks, and thanks for lunch,” accepted Katie, as she opened the lunch box of immaculately cut salad sandwiches. 
Connie stayed for a while and when Katie was ready to resume painting she was gratefully left in peace. As she painted she couldn’t help but think of Paul and wonder if she was starting to feel too much for him. After all his life was in Wexford now, how was it going to end? More so how could the relationship they have continue indefinitely? 
She had never felt the mix of emotions that she felt for him, for anyone else; in fact it scared her a little that she could be this vulnerable with her heart. But it wasn’t even just that, physically she had no self-consciousness around him. Truth be told she felt more relaxed about her own body, and actually she liked who she had become over these last few months.
Katie’s train of thought was broken by a knock on the door, when she turned she saw it was Tracey.
 “Wow, you’ve got so much done,” she complimented looking around as Katie let her in.
“Yeah, thankfully Connie left me to get on with it and I’m nearly finished the first coat.”
“Here,” Tracey held out a cup, “Your favourite, Mocha.”
“Ah thanks, just what I need, so how are you?”
“Very well, was out for a walk so I thought I’d call in,” they sipped their cups as Tracey looked around.
“It looks bigger arranged like this.”
“Yeah, I don’t think the counter had ever been moved this way, it looks well,” replied Katie, “So how is everything?”
“If by everything you mean Jack? Everything is great. We have the romance but we are also very relaxed. He drops in and I visit him and we have nights where we go out, it’s very I’m not sure of the word but nice?” 
“That’s lovely, I’m so happy for you.”
“So how is Paul?” Tracey asked interested.
“It’s seems to be ok but I’m not sure about the distance.”
“But sure it’s only, what? 2 to 3 hours down the road. It’s not as if it’s a massive amount.” Tracey reasoned.
“I know and we do talk a lot on the phone, I suppose only time will tell.”
Tracey nodded in agreement as they finished their coffees. 
After Tracey left Katie got back to work and finally just after night fall Connie arrived to a finished job.
“Oh my god it looks great,” cheered Connie as she looked around, Katie stretching her now stiff back.
“Thanks, I just have to clean up.”
“I’ll give you a hand,” announced Connie as she started peeling away the masking tape. In no time all evidence of the painting was cleared away and both agreed the diner looked well.
“Do you need a hand setting up for Monday?” offered Katie as she was leaving.
“Ah no, Sarah is coming in for a few hours tomorrow, I’ll be fine. Call in on Monday, lunch is on the house.” 
After saying good bye Katie, satisfied with a job well done, headed home for a soak in a hot bath.


Chapter 10
Tick, tock, Katie nervously watched the clock sitting at her kitchen table with a cup of coffee now gone cold. Finally the clock struck 2. Her wait was over and it was time to leave. “God I’d better be placed,” she thought to herself as she went out to her car.
Earlier that morning Katie had brought her quilt to the GAA centre to be entered into the craft section of the local Horticultural show. It had been a nerve wreaking experience. The show in Rush is widely known to have very high standards and some come from afar to enter. That is without adding in the local ICA group entries. Of course the craft section isn’t the only category. There are art categories for the young and old, baking, flower arranging and home grown produce. It would be safe to say that this show was the height of the community calendar.
Katie’s nerves increased as she drove. She had dropped off her quilt for judging at the usual 10 am and the doors opened around two for the public to view the ribbon winners. As she pulled up to the car park her patience was tested by the usual yearly gridlock. When finally she pulled into a car space she let out a sigh of relief.
Walking in she kept an eye out for her parents but it wasn’t them that she spied standing at the craft table.
“Well done,” he greeted as he put an arm around her and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Katie surprised by the open show of affection blushed and then blushed more as she saw she had won the red ribbon, in other words she had come first.
“Thank you,” she smiled, “I didn’t know you would be here.”
“Well last minute I was able to get away and I thought I’d surprise you. So are you? Surprised?” he teased giving her waist a playful squeeze.
“Yes, but in a happy way,” she smiled in return.
Next her parents arrived.
“Oh love well done!” greeted her mother as she eyed Paul with surprised interest.
After Katie received a hug from her father she knew she had no other option but to introduce them.
Once the introductions were over her parents took their leave discreetly to go and look around the other categories. Her mother went to the vegetables and her father to the Photography. She smiled as she watched them go. “No change there” she thought to herself.
“So will we get a cup of tea before we start looking around?” asked Paul.
“Yes why not,” she agreed and they went to the refreshment stand. For the next two hours, while they tried to look around the other categories, they were greeted by many of the locals. Some who knew Katie and some who remembered Paul. However Katie did relax and did enjoy herself and Paul appeared to too. Soon enough the announcement was made that those who wanted to could take back their entries as the charity auction of those left would begin soon. 
Although Katie was removing her quilt to keep, she had made a donation and intended to bid at the auction.
Before long the auction began so Paul and Katie moved into the crowd that was gathering. Once the bidding had started it was always ‘take no prisoners’ and this year was no different. Although Katie had bid on many items she had been out bid on most however she did succeed to secure a mixed bag of fresh from the ground vegetables.
“I guess I’m cooking dinner tonight,” she smiled to Paul.
“No,” he said, “We are cooking dinner.”
Katie raised her eyebrows but didn’t object. She liked the way he had said ‘we’. 
Once the auction was finished and the raffle had been drawn they made their way over to Katie’s parents.
“Look at you,” she greeted her mother who was holding an enormous amount of cut flowers, “Or maybe I should look for you among the flowers.” She joked.
“As usual it will be pollen and more pollen until the flowers droop,” her father replied with a mock shake of the head as he suffered from hay fever.
After saying good bye they headed to their respective cars with Paul following Katie back.
Once inside the house, Paul put the vegetables down and quickly drew her to him for a long very satisfying kiss, maybe too satisfying as Katie fought for control and lost as swirl after swirl of pleasure enveloped her.
“Now that’s Hello from me to you,” Paul in a husky voice announced as he drew his head up.
Katie placed a hand either side of his face and drew his lips to hers saying, “This is hello from me to you.”
Immediately a fire lighted between them as they edged closer until nothing only clothes separated them. Deeper and deeper they kissed, tongues teasing as they tasted each other. As Katie ran her fingers behind his ear he let out a moan which drove her on to explore more running her hand down his back. He tightened his grip on her and she could feel how aroused he was and she felt a sense of power. But it was short lived as he too began to explore her and then cupping her bum pulling her close. She gasped at the hard contact. 
Gazing into her eyes breathing heavy he said, “If we don’t stop neither of us will have dinner tonight.”
“You’re right,” she said pulling away but he grabbed her back for another this time hard kiss before letting go.
“Ok, where do you want these?” he asked sounding semi normal as he lifted up the vegetables.
“The kitchen for now,” Katie replied adjusting her clothes as she led the way.
“Great view!” he joked from behind her.
“Don’t be smart!” she replied trying to sound firm but failing.
They began to unpack the vegetables but his proximity was affecting her and she had a task for him so she paused peeling the potatoes and said,“Paul, will you set up my site so we can launch today? It’s just, I had decided that whether I won or not today I was going to try and Launch it.”
“Yeah no problem, are all the photos up?” he asked.
“Yep! It’s all ready as far as I can see,” she replied as she started to peel the potatoes again.
“I’ll have a look at it before I do anything,” he said as he went towards the hall.
A short time later and Katie had the vegetables on to cook. Luckily she had cooked a piece of roast beef the day before so all there was to do was the veg. At the same time Paul called out to her.
As she reached the doorway of the study he said, “Well it’s ready, are you sure about this?” he asked gently knowing how much it meant to her.
“Yes, let’s do it.” She said decisively.
And they launched the site. They sat in silence just staring at the screen for the next few minutes until the sound of a pot boiling over sent Katie running to the kitchen.
“I’ve left the computer on for the moment,” Paul said as he followed her to the kitchen.
She nodded, “I can’t believe it’s finally done.”
“Here you sit down and I’ll make us a cuppa,” he offered.
As she sat she suggested, “Actually there’s a bottle of wine in the press. I got it just in case.”
He turned in surprise, “Do you mind if I spend the night?”
“I rather hoped you would,” was her reply looking him square in the eye.
“Then I’ll open the wine,” he said as an air of electric developed between them and Katie felt as if the room had shrunk.
Soon it was time to warm the meat and Katie did so the old fashioned way, covered on a plate over one of the pots that were already on the stove. This meant the meat warmed but didn’t dry out. Once the meal was ready, Katie dished it up and they ate in a relaxed silence each to their own thoughts yet aware of the other.
Once they had eaten, even though it was early, Katie pulled the curtains on the front of the house while Paul poured them another glass of wine.
“I’m glad you came,” she smiled as she sat down beside him on the couch.
“Me too,” he agreed smiling as he sat his glass down beside hers on the coffee table.
He turned towards her and she knew a kiss would follow and it did.
Slowly, gently he kissed her and she kissed him. Gently teasing each other and then he caressed her face and she needed more. Shifting her weight on the couch she drew him to her until they were laying side by side his arm around her, supporting her.
As the fire ignited between them the kiss deepened and they drew each other closer. As he began to run his fingers down her spine, her back arched in answer and she knew how easy it would be to give into the delicious sensations that were beginning in response to his touch.
 She repositioned herself and now she was on top of him. This time she was the one who initiated the kiss and she teased and teased him until he moaned and she knew he was hers. One by one she undid the buttons on his shirt baring his chest to her touch. When she had worked her way to his waist she started the whole process again using her mouth this time. As he moved and moaned in response her boldness got the better of her and she ran her hand down his waist and on down his inner thigh smiling into his face as she did so.           
He grabbed her hand, “My turn.” He said and in one roll they were almost side by side.
This time he kissed her leaving nothing to question, she knew his intent and met fire with fire, that was until his hand began  to caress her neck and then beyond.
 “Please Paul,” she begged drawing him closer and in that moment their worlds collided, on and on, higher and higher until they cried out in unison. 
They held each other for a long time until the heat abated.
“Here let me help you up,” he offered as they untangled themselves.
When they were standing, Paul kissed her the gentlest of kisses.
Soundlessly she led him to the bedroom and they slept together still holding hands.
Katie awoke the following morning to find the bed empty but the sound of humming coming from the Kitchen. She grabbed a robe and went to investigate.
“Good morning,” he greeted giving her a kiss.
“Morning,” she smiled.
“I hope you don’t mind but I’ve made an omelette for breakfast,” he said pulling out a chair for her.
“Lovely.” She replied.
“Also I checked the computer. It seems that you have some messages.”
“The quilts,” she said excitedly.
“Hopefully, even if they’re just general enquiries, that’s still good,” said Paul as he placed the omelette on front of her with a cup of coffee.
“This looks really good. Have you been up long?”
“No half an hour or so,” as he sat down to eat his breakfast.
As they were cleaning up Katie noticed he had tidied the sitting room too, wow he had been busy.
Katie couldn’t wait to check the computer and when she did she was pleasantly surprised that the messages were in fact regarding the quilts so things were looking good on all fronts.
“What time do you have to leave?” she asked him sure that she didn’t want to know the answer.
“Well probably an hour ago.” He grimaced.
“Oh, have you a meeting?” she asked surprised, they actually hadn’t discussed work at all.
“Yeah, at 2pm but I’m going to phone and postpone until 4.”
“You can use the phone there if you like?” she offered.
And he did leaving her to have a quick wash and get dressed.
When she emerged from her bedroom it was to find him dressed and ready to go.
Putting his arms around her he said, “I’m sorry I have to go. The latest I could postpone to was 3pm.”
“Oh well if you must,” she pouted teasing him and getting a kiss in response.
“I’ve loved seeing you. When will you be able to get away next?” she asked.
A shadow crossed his face for a moment and Katie knew something had changed, had she said the wrong thing she wondered.
He cleared his throat, “It will be about 2 weeks or so, I’m not sure. I’d better go”
This time he kissed her on the cheek and left quickly leaving Katie to ponder.
She spent the rest of the day catching up on the housework and then snuggled down on the couch to watch TV and it was there that she was when the phone rang late in the evening.
“Hello.”
“Hi Katie,” greeted Paul, not sounding his usual self.
“Oh, how did your meeting go?” she asked.
“It went well, I arrived back just in time. Listen I’m phoning you because we need to talk.”
“Ok,” she said puzzled.
“If I could get back to you to talk face to face I would but I can’t right now.”
“Ok,” she said still puzzled.
“I get the feeling that you need more from me than I’m giving or able to give.”His tone was now cagey.
“Ok”, she replied again, ‘where is he going with this’ Katie started getting worried.
“I just don’t think this is fair on you” he tried to explain sounding more and more distant. 
“Just come out and say what you want to say,” she said feeling the cold spread through her body.
“I think we need to stop seeing each other.”
There he had said it, what she feared the most.
An icy calm spread through her.
“You think we should stop seeing each other because it’s not fair on me?” she calmly asked.
“Yeah that’s the crux of it,” and he paused.
Katie felt the anger start to rise.
“Paul O’Connor you coward, you’re just afraid of where this will lead. It’s pure fear that you’re feeling.” 
“No I’m thinking of you.” He protested.
“No you’re not. You’re just thinking of yourself but you’re right, it is better for me not to continue seeing you because I need a real man not someone whose afraid of his own shadow,” and with that she slammed down the phone.
She stood there for a long time until all her emotions had subsided and she realized that she had fallen for him, she was finally in love but it was with someone who was too afraid to love her back. The tears began to fall.


Chapter 11
Katie spent the night tossing and turning only falling asleep as day was breaking. When the alarm woke her it took all her energy and some to get out of the bed. Looking in the mirror she knew she looked worse than she felt, if that were possible. With an inward groan she slowly got ready for work hoping the bit of makeup would hide the dark shadows on her face.
‘Fat chance!’ she thought to herself as she surveyed her finished image, how was she to get through the day ahead. With that thought she reluctantly headed out the door.
“Hello” greeted Tracey whose eyes narrowed as she noticed the change in her friend. Before Katie had a chance to reply she continued with,
“What’s wrong, are you ok?” she asked looking concerned. 
“I’m ok just tired, I didn’t get much sleep last night.” Katie tried to brush the question off burying herself in her post. However, Tracey out of concern pushed on,
“Sit down at least,” she pulled out Katie’s chair for her into which Katie gratefully sank.
“I know something’s the bother, talk to me,” Tracey gently treaded.
“Listen, myself and Paul,” it was so hard to say his name, “We are no longer together and I don’t want to talk about it, not right now,” she pleaded to her friend.
This time Tracey accepted it as it was, “Ok, I’ll get us both a cup of tea.” And she left Katie in the office battling back tears.
On Tracey’s return Katie had regained some composure and thanked her friend. The day did pass, slowly, but it did. Tracey took as much of the workload off Katie for which she was thankful; and it was with relief that she headed home at the end of the day.
Later on that evening after realizing that she had been sitting at the table, her coffee cold, for over an hour; she decided moping wasn’t the answer.
‘What would Aunt Marie say?’ she wondered but knew the answer.
“Girlie, straighten up, you don’t need a man, sure what can one do that you can’t?” she remembered her saying on more than one occasion. Katie felt a slight smile at the memory.
“You know Marie, you’re right!” she answered the thought out loud and with that did what she should have done last night, went to check her web page for messages. To her surprise there were several and all positive. After sending her answers and it did take time, she decided on an early night. This time she did sleep but it was not the most relaxed one. In the morning she awoke feeling a little rested and better able to take on the day. 
Over the rest of the week things did get easier but Katie knew that she needed to take some time to herself to recharge or something, she wasn’t sure, so on Saturday she got into the car and drove the short distance to Ardgillan castle. 
The grounds of Ardgillan are quite extensive and many go there for walks and then those with young children bring them there to its playground. Saturday being Saturday, there were people there already with the car park being half full but Katie was undeterred.
She stepped out of the car and taking a deep breath hands in pockets and began to walk up towards the castle. She could see others in the distance also out for their walks and although she was there to take time to herself she found a bit of comfort in the fact that others were too. When she reached the castle she went in to the coffee shop emerging shortly after with a sandwich and a cup of coffee. On she walked until she reached the spot, her spot. 
Due to the fact that the castle was built on a height the views from the back were breath taking. When she sat down on a bench she was able to look out over the trees beneath all the way across the sea to Skerries harbour. She could see the boats docked against the harbour wall all the way along the row of differently coloured buildings, Pubs and restaurants, on the harbour road. The sea was a grey colour she noticed or maybe it was her mood she didn’t know. With that thought she undid the wrapping on her sandwich and began to eat. At first she felt as if she was pushing herself but the flavours encouraged her on and she enjoyed the snack. But as she sipped her coffee her thoughts returned to Paul. 
There had been no phone call all week, she didn’t realize it until now but she had been keeping an ear out in case the phone rang but when it did it wasn’t him. So it was over, whatever it was. What had been the meaning of it all? To this she had no answer. She sat a while longer but as the breeze increased she decided to leave with a determination that her thoughts of Paul she would leave there too.
On the drive home as she drove through Rush town, she was acutely aware that she was driving by a watch in a window that she knew she would have given to Paul.
It was an hour after she returned home that Connie rang. She had avoided seeing her all week as she knew the woman would question her, she could read her too well.
“Katie, I’m sorry for phoning you but I need your help,” Connie spoke rapidly into the phone.
“Connie are you ok?” Katie asked immediately concerned.
“Yes, yes it’s not me it’s the shop, it’s flooding,” she replied panicked.
“Did you stop the water at the mains?” Katie mentally went through what needed to be done.
“Not yet, Is that the shore at the back?” Connie was becoming more panicked by the second.
“Yes, the one with the red lever in it, is there anyone there that can do it for you?”
“I’ll do my best are you coming down?” Connie now feeling very anxious.
“Yes I’ll be there as quick as I can.” With that Katie grabbed her keys and ran.
“Oh, thank god you’re here,” greeted Connie. Katie could see that there was water everywhere and Sarah was fighting a loosing battle trying to mop it up. She gingerly stepped inside the Diner which was now looking like the Marie Celeste. What with half eaten plates discarded on the tables empty of customers.
“Is the water stopped?” Katie asked.
“Yes, Billy was here and he did it.” replied Connie naming a regular customer.
“Thank god. Do you know where it began?” 
“Yes, under the counter, where I had the pipes moved, I’ve phoned the plumber he’ll be here soon but look at your lovely paintwork!” Connie’s voice dropped as she shook her head.
Connie wasn’t one for wailing, but Katie could see that she wasn’t far off.
“Don’t fret, look it will be alright. The plumber will sort the leak and I can always repaint.” Katie put an arm around her and then asked Sarah, “What’s it like in the kitchen?”
“It’s barely untouched, thank God,” the other woman answered.
“Ok, this is what we’ll do. You are going to sit in the kitchen,” she directed at Connie, “and Sarah and I are going to brush as much water as we can out the front door. I’ll call you when the plumber arrives, Ok?”  
Connie nodded looking frail and followed Katie’s instructions without a word which really worried her. It was nearly nightfall by the time the repairs had been made and Katie and Sarah had righted the Diner as much as they could but there was no improvement in Connie’s demeanour. After Sarah had left Katie turned to the older woman,
“Why don’t we lock up and I’ll drop you home?”
“I guess that’s all we can do now,” Connie agreed and so that is what they did.
When they reached Connie’s cottage Connie was slow to get out of the car so Katie suggested she go in with her to make her a cup of tea.
“Al right then, but I’ll make the tea. Your tea is too weak!” agreed Connie seeming to regain a little spark.
When the kettle was boiled and the tea made, Connie’s tea could stand a spoon! She turned to Katie and asked,
“I didn’t see you all week was there something the bother?”
Katie was unsure as to what she should reply but talking about her love life would take Connie’s mind off today so she replied,
“I haven’t been myself. Paul and I are no longer together.” Katie could feel the tears behind her eyes.
“Oh dear, I’m sorry, is there anything I can do?” she asked sympathetically.
“No Connie, it is what it is. We were not together too long you know,” said Katie feeling the sadness hit her again.
“I know, but you really cared for him. I could see the light in you.”
Katie nodded not trusting her voice.
“But you know, what will be will be. I never talk about it, but once upon a time I fell in love.”
Connie’s revelation shocked Katie.
“Yes I did, and it was the most wonderful time of my life,” Connie continued wistfully, “but the relationship ended and I pined for a very long time. During that time I missed opportunities and I guess I got a bit set in my ways…” she seemed to get lost in thought.
“You never talked about this before,” Katie said realizing that there was more to Connie’s story that she hadn’t known.
“Because the past is the past,” explained Connie, “But I’m saying it now so that you don’t make the same mistake I did. Allow yourself to feel but then move on. The world is bigger than Paul and don’t forget that.”
The women fell silent as they sipped the remainder of the tea. Katie knew that no matter how she felt the world was in fact bigger than her broken relationship, she just wasn’t sure if she was ready to move forward yet.
Once the tea was drunk, Katie went home after agreeing to have a look at the Diner the following day. Although what Connie had said was still churning in her mind, Katie did fall asleep and surprisingly slept well. When morning came she found herself feeling refreshed, it was a new day after all. 
As she was meeting Connie in the afternoon, she took some time in the morning in her study. Once she had checked her messages she realized there was indeed quite a demand for her quilts and she started to feel her drive returning. It was time to begin the first of her quilts that would be sold. Katie could feel the anticipation rising as she reached for her sketch pad and she happily spent the remainder of the morning sketching her design. The time flew and before she knew it it was time to grab some lunch before going to the Diner. 
“It’s not too bad,” commented Katie as she looked around once she had reached the diner.
“The skirting boards need to be replaced and maybe part of that wall over there, you can see the water mark, and I’m not sure about the bottom of the counter,” Connie nervously started listing what was to be done. 
“But that’s not too big a job, you can handle it,” Katie encouraged.
“I know but all your hard work...”
“I promise to repaint; you know I enjoy that sort of thing,” Katie tried to smooth things over.
“I know, it’s just such a shame,” Connie shook her head while Katie silently agreed.
As she left the Diner she knew her next stop had to be her parents. She just hoped her mother wouldn’t try dissecting the break up. Surprisingly she was very sensitive to Katie’s feelings and by the end of the visit Katie felt closer to her. 
During the following few weeks Katie was very busy what with work and her quilts. She had found a supplier of fabric that would deliver with which she was very pleased. She had to order in bulk so that her customers from the site would receive the quilt in the design that was advertised. Before long her study was getting a little small so her materials overflowed into the guest bedroom. However she was enjoying the hustle and bustle that had become her life.
She still took time to herself and several times a day she thought of Paul but she stopped waiting for the phone to ring. She couldn’t give up wearing the pendant, well not yet anyhow and her heart hiccupped when she passed the jewellers window but all in all she was beginning to move on.
“You know something Tracey? I think I’ll see if Jack will give me a month off,” she announced one day in early September, much to her friends surprise.
“What? Why?”
“Well I’m getting orders for my Quilts and there just aren’t enough hours to keep up at the moment, anyway I’d like to take a month just to myself.”
“Then pick up the phone then girl.” Tracey cheered. She was glad of the improvement in her friend and was happy to see her succeed with the quilts.
“Hi Jack its Katie here at the office,” she started the conversation tentatively on his answer. 
“Hello Katie at the office. What’s the problem?” he joked light-heartedly back.
“Oh there’s no problem, it’s just that I was wondering if I could take some time off?” Katie crossed her fingers pulling a face.
“How much? A day or two?” he asked.
“Not exactly, more like a month?” Katie was now crossing fingers on both her hands.
“Listen I’ll see what I can come up with and get back to you, you’re not sick? Are you?” he sounded immediately concerned Katie had never taken time off before.
“No, no it’s just I want to take some time on my quilting, it’s no emergency or anything,” she reassured him.
“Good, good, well I’ll see what I can do.” 
Two hours later Jack returned the call.
“Katie great news you can have your month I’ve swapped a few things around starting the end of the week.”
“Thank you so much.” And the conversation ended on a high note.
Turning to Tracey she exclaimed, “I got it a whole month to quilt, yippee!”
“This calls for coffee and Danish to celebrate,” and she went to get them. 
That was how Katie found herself at home sewing happily in the middle of a week day when she heard a rapid knock on the door.
“I went to Sally’s but they said you weren’t working, are you ok?” asked a concerned Paul.
Katie stood there speechless. “Oh god I’m still wearing the pendant,” she realized after she had instinctively touched it; a movement that didn’t go unnoticed.
“Are you ok?” he repeated impatiently.
“Yes, yes I’m ok, what are you doing here?” she answered when she had found her voice.
“Why are you not at work?” he questioned strongly.
At this Katie felt herself getting defensive.
“That’s none of your business, I asked you, why are you here?” she replied defensively looking him straight in the eye.
This time it was he that appeared lost for words.
“I came to see you, Can I come in?” he finally admitted.
Katie took some time to reply as she wasn’t sure if she wanted to be in such close quarters, but in the end she stepped aside silently.
“Thank you.” he said a little less confrontationally.
“Would you like a cup of tea?” she offered, more out of civility than anything else as she led the way to the kitchen.
“Yes, thank you.” He accepted and following her nod sat down at the kitchen table.
The room fell silent as the kettle boiled. It was only as Katie sat down with the cups brewed that she asked again, 
“Why are you here?” This time more calmly.
“I came to talk, we left things so abruptly before. I came to see if you were ok,” he answered, the fight appearing to have left him.
“I’m fine, getting on with things, in fact it’s been all go,” She replied keeping the emotion from her voice with great difficulty.
“Good I’m glad you’re ok. I’ve been busy too. The project I was working on when we were together has kept me ticking over, but I have to be honest Katie I have thought a lot about you.”
She didn’t reply, she wasn’t sure what the right response was.
“Have you thought anything about me?” he asked when she stayed silent.
Katie took a sip of her tea in an attempt to gain some time to form the right words.
“I’ve thought about you too,” she answered quietly finally deciding on honesty being the best option.
Paul appeared pleased with her response.
“But where do we go from here?” she quickly asked.
“What do you mean?” he asked guardedly.
“Well you don’t want commitment and honestly Paul, I deserve better I know that now.” 
“I know, this is hard for me,” he agreed.
“It’s been hard for me too, one minute you were saying you didn’t want commitment then the next minute we were spending time together in public. At the Horticultural show you put your arm around me for anyone to see. You just weren’t making sense,” she tried to explain not sure if he understood.
“I know, I know and I’m sorry for that.”
“For what? For saying no commitment or for being seen with me in public?” she asked looking him straight in the eye, but he looked away.
“Ok Paul, you’d better leave,” and with all the strength she could muster she stood up and put her cup in the sink.
“Katie please, I’m trying,” he begged.
“Not hard enough.” She replied as she felt the hope drain from her.
Paul got up from the table and slowly walked to the door.
“I do care about you.” He said quietly to her.
“I’m sure you do, but it’s not enough. I want more Paul, I want hearts and flowers and above all commitment, but it’s something you can’t do right now. I can see that now,” she answered the regret clearly heard in her voice.
When she closed the door behind him all the emotions she had kept in check gushed through her and she couldn’t stop the tears from falling.


Chapter 12
“Katie don’t hang up!” Paul said quickly as Katie felt herself freeze. It had been two weeks since he had visited, or rather turned up on her door step and she had finally got back to normal.
“Katie, are you there?” when she didn’t speak.
“Yes, yes I’m here. Why are you calling?” she answered in a cautious voice.
“I’m coming up to rush at the weekend, I was wondering if you would have dinner with me?” now it was his turn to sound cautious.
“What would that achieve?” she quickly returned.
“Well, erm, I’ve been thinking things over and there are things I haven’t said to you. Please Katie just one dinner?”
Katie knew this sounded too much like the last time, and as she was about to refuse she found herself agreeing. In her heart she wanted to spend time with him even when her head said walk away.
When the conversation had ended and the phone back in its hook, Katie hoped she had not made the biggest mistake in her life. Agreeing to have dinner with the man she loved knowing he didn’t or couldn’t feel the same for her.
In truth Katie had spent the week getting ready, mentally, emotionally and physically. She had taken a trip to the hairdressers and bought a new outfit but standing here now on front of the mirror she wasn’t sure about it.
“I can’t abide women who say ‘does my bum look big in this?’ but serious I think I’m showing too much cleavage.” She said aloud to herself as she turned right then left and then tried to pull up the dress neck line to no avail. She had even gotten a new set of costume jewellery as there was no way she was wearing the pendant. Now though, her neck didn’t feel right without it. Just then there was a knock on the door.
“Well, chin up, here we go,” she tried to boost herself but the most she could muster was to square her shoulders as she went to answer the door.
“Hello Katie,” Paul greeted his eyes narrowing as he took in her appearance.
“You look lovely,” he continued his voice deepening.
“Thank you, I’ll just get my bag,” she replied a little flustered. ‘I’d better carry off this dress!’ she thought to herself as she locked up the house.
“So where are we going?” she asked as they started to drive.
“You’ll see,” he said mysteriously as he put on some low music.
“How have you been?” he asked as they left Rush behind them, heading north.
“I’ve been good, I’m back at work on Monday so my holiday’s over,” she answered getting nervous as they drove through Skerries without stopping.
“Oh so you were taking some time off?” he asked with interest.
“Yes,” she replied not wanting to elaborate at this time, her quilts were hers after all.
“I hope to take some time off myself in a few weeks. The office block is built and the tradesmen are starting the inside next week so my input will lessen soon,” he said as if he was trying to make conversation.
“Wow, that was quick, I thought the building end would have taken longer,” she replied looking at him genuinely surprised. Her surprise didn’t last though as all her fears came to the surface. They had arrived at their destination, The Bracken Court hotel in Balbriggan. Where it had all began a year ago.
“Paul?” she couldn’t help but ask.
“We’ll talk over dinner,” he said as he got out of the car leaving Katie to follow suit.
Katie could feel her nerves not just jitter but shake as they entered the hotel. By the time they had reached their table she was very grateful to sit down.
“What will I do if he orders the same dish?” she panicked inside. 
“No” she silently reprimanded herself, “I won’t be drawn, and I’m ordering fish this time.”
And that’s what Katie did. She ordered the opposite of everything which openly amused Paul. His amusement however fuelled Katie’s obstinate side which amused him further.
“I think I’d better clear the air.” He announced holding back a smile, when she had ordered a ginger ale and then grimaced when she had tasted it.
“I don’t want a repeat of what we had, and I know you don’t want that either.” Katie felt her heart drop at this statement.
“Katie, I brought you here so that maybe if you would like to, we could begin again slowly and do things the way we should have last time,” he said, his nerves this time beginning to show.
“That I would like,” she said with a gentle smile as her heart began to lift.
“Hearing that makes me a happy man,” he grinned and she smiled wider only looking away when she felt herself blush.
“So,” he cleared his throat, “What have you been doing on your holiday from work?”
“Well, I actually took the month off to concentrate on my quilt making,” she finally decided to come clean.
“Ah, so how’s it going?” he seemed very interested.
“Very well, maybe a little too well. There’s been a lot of interest so I put a price up on the site and began taking orders. I’ve literally sewed morning, noon and night for the last month. But I’ve enjoyed it.” 
“What are you going to do now you’re going back to work?” he asked with interest.
“I haven’t worked that out yet, there is still orders coming in,” said Katie a little worried.
“I have a confession to make,” he said sheepishly, “I kept an eye on the site. Your price is good but if you upped it a little would you be able to give up work or at least go part time?” 
“Probably, but I’m torn. I love going to work. After college I took time to work in a few retailers and I have to say Sally’s is the best. I would hate to give it up, but part time?” Katie started to consider the idea.
“Would they go for it?” he asked.
“I don’t know, but I might have a chat with Jack the owner during the week, yes I think I will,”
Katie decided. She had never thought of part time perhaps it was a possibility.
By the time they reached dessert they were both too full to finish it. 
“The food here just gets better and better, doesn’t it?” he said as he leaned back in the chair.
“Yes the meal was lovely, thank you,” she replied smiling as she put her spoon down.
“No, thank you for coming; I was so afraid you wouldn’t. Not after all that’s been…” he corrected looking at the table.
“Paul,” she paused until he looked at her, “I’m so glad I came.”
“I’ll just get the bill,” he seemed affected by her answer, she smiled.
As they walked to the car park he asked, “It’s still early enough, is there anything you would like to do? It’s too cold for a walk even with your coat.”
Katie knew he was right it was colder than normal for October.
“Well, we could go back to mine, for a cup of coffee at least,” she added quickly so that she didn’t sound too forward.
“Ok, if you’re sure.” And he held the door for her.
The journey back in the car was a quiet one, both seemed lost in thought, but it was an easy quiet. Katie was a little nervous of having him in the house at the same time she didn’t want the evening to end, not just yet.
“I’ll put the kettle on,” she announced as they walked through the door.
“Can I take a look around your study?” he asked interested to see how it was going.
“Yes work away,” she agreed over her shoulder, “It’s spread into the other bedroom though.”
Once the kettle was on Katie didn’t follow Paul as she was aware her bedroom was too close and for her a temptation that had been building since the meal.
“Gosh you’ve really got quite an industry going on,” he remarked as he walked back into the kitchen.
“Yes, all I’m short of is employees,” she quipped as she set down the coffee. She sat down at the table, and he followed suit. Katie had deliberately stopped at the kitchen table as the sitting room couch just held too much history as far as they were concerned. 
“Thank you, the coffee is perfect,” complimented Paul as he took a sip.
“So how long are you up in Rush for?” she asked interested and also to create conversation.
“Just until tomorrow. I have a meeting early Monday morning, I’ll probably drive back tomorrow evening though.”
“And you’re staying at the flat again?” Katie asked, remembering he had stayed at his friends flat in the past.
“Yeah, I don’t know why Eamon doesn’t rent out the flat, he could get a good sized rent for it.”
“How is their house coming along? I was walking by and it looked finished,” she asked with interest knowing this was a pet project of Paul’s.
“Brilliant, still some finishing up to be done but they’ll be in by Christmas, and thrilled to be so.” Paul put down his cup and took Katie’s hand in his, when he looked at her she knew what he was asking and she needed the same, a kiss a simple kiss so she nodded. He reached out and caressed the side of her face causing a tingle beneath her skin. He slowly drew her face to his and after a long wait he kissed her but it wasn’t just a simple kiss. It began slowly, gently as if he was saying hello and then it deepened. On and on he kissed her, her mouth needing more and more of him as each moment passed. It was Paul who broke the kiss to look at her. There was an expression there that she couldn’t read.
 He moved his chair so that they were knee to knee. This time he took her face in his hands reverently and when he leaned in to kiss her it was different. It shocked Katie. By kissing her lips it was as if he was kissing her soul, her heart. It was a kiss like no other and when he raised his head she could see the shock in his eyes too.
Katie knew in that moment she needed to be held by him and if he had been affected like her well then he needed to be held too. She stood up with difficulty and taking his hand she led him to the couch. They both sat down but it was Paul who put his arm around her first so she mirrored him and they cuddled, just cuddled both happy to be with each other.
“Katie, I want to kiss you again, but …” he murmured into her hair.
“Yes,” she spoke softly, “I know.”
After a while Paul spoke, “I think I should go, I don’t want to, but I should.” 
“Ok,” was all she could think of to reply, ‘what can I say?’ she wondered, ‘don’t go, I need you here, I need you in my bed? I need you with me always?’
Giving herself an inward shake she was the one to stand up first. Silently they walked to the hall.
“I’ll phone you in the morning,” he said as he took her in his arms.
“Ok,” she smiled up into his face, with that he dipped his head and shockingly took possession of her mouth, but what was more shocking to Katie was her instinctive uncontrollable response. As she closed all gaps between them, he leant back against the wall giving her the freedom to fit her body against his in a way that she could tell by touch that he needed her as much as she needed him. In that moment she knew what her decision would be, pulling back she took his hand and lead him to the bedroom.
Katie sat on the couch wrapped in her robe holding a cup of coffee that had long gone cold. She had left Paul after he had fallen asleep to come out to think. Everything about tonight had been wonderful, magical, yet she felt terrible. ‘How can I love him when I don’t trust what he feels for me?’ she wondered for the umpteenth time and that was how Paul found her an hour later and no further on.
“How long have you been out here?” he asked surprised. 
“Not long,” she replied giving him a smile that did not reach her eyes.
“Long enough for your coffee to go cold,” he said as he felt the cup, looking concerned.
“Come on I’ll make us both a fresh cup,” he said holding a hand out to her which she took and they went into the kitchen.
When the coffee was made Paul asked gently,
“What’s worrying you? Tell me.”
“Nothing, I’m fine,” she replied not meeting his gaze.
“Wrong answer,” he teased and then became serious when she didn’t laugh.
“Do you regret tonight?” he asked concerned.
“No!” she answered quickly, “It’s hard to put into words.”
“Take your time,” at this point he was visibly worried.
Katie turned to him and looked him straight in the eye,
“I can’t go through another break up like the last. It’s different if things fall apart and we talk and we can’t resolve it. But the way it was, well it was hard. You can’t just drop and run again.” Katie watched the emotions run across his face and hoped he fully understood what she meant.
“Katie, I know what you’re saying and I’m truly sorry for the way I finished things, it was cowardly.”
“I don’t know Paul. We had problems before and then there’s the distance from Wexford to Dublin…” her uncertainty showing.
Paul thought for a moment and then as if reaching a decision said,
“Katie I have something I need to tell you.”
“Ok,” she felt the gravity of whatever it was and was concerned.
“I met a woman in college called Emily, I called her Emey. Anyhow we dated. We got on so well and we became best friends and lovers, she was my soulmate or so I thought.” He paused deep in thought.
Katie stayed silent sensing he was about to continue.
“We got engaged. We practically lived happily in each others pockets. We planned the wedding, a small one we were both struggling architects at the time. Anyhow we spent the day before the wedding together and said our goodbyes that evening. The next day I went to the church. When she was late I wasn’t worried she wasn’t the best with time keeping on a good day. Then her mother’s phone rang. It was Emey, she didn’t talk to me. Her mother was the one that had to tell me she wasn’t coming. I tried phoning her back but she didn’t answer. In the end it was my father that had to cancel everything, I was in no fit state.” He looked haunted.
“I’m so sorry Paul,” and she put her hand on his arm. “Did she ever say why?”
“I didn’t see her for about a year and then out of the blue we bumped into each other in Dublin. She said she had been too young and had wanted more from life before she settled down; she made it clear that there was nobody else. So I don’t know.” He shrugged his shoulders and looked away.
“Sometimes there is no right answer,” she said sympathetically.
“Well I have crossed paths with her since and she’s happily married to a chap in Cork and she’s a stay at home mom to three children, whereas I have a blind terror that history will repeat itself.” He seemed surprised by his own admission.
“You need to let go, and not worry about what could happen. Otherwise you will miss out on the joys of today.”
“I know but it’s hard, so hard. I’m really sorry I hurt you Katie,” and she knew he was.
“Let’s go back to bed,” suggested Katie and they did to cuddle and digest Paul’s revelation, each in their own way.


Chapter 13
“What has you with a spring in your step?” greeted Tracey when Katie went back to work on the Monday morning.
“Never you mind, now fill me in on what’s been happening, work, gossip the lot!” Katie answered picking up her post.
“Well let me see,” Tracey thought for a moment, “Maura from the deli, her daughter had a baby boy and she brought him in to see us last week, you missed that. Tony got engaged, you missed that. Emm, Jack and I are taking a break away next week and Paula …”
“Whoa!” Katie stopped her in mid sentence, “What’s that about you and Jack?” as she put down her post.
“Jack booked us a short break in Belgium. We’re going Thursday to Sunday next week,” grinned Tracey.
“Ah that sounds lovely; you’ll have a great time. I haven’t been to Belgium but I’ve heard it’s a great place to take a break. So you and Jack? You are at the point of taking breaks together, Mmm Interesting,” said Katie pulling a face.
“Katie! Don’t embarrass me!” and with that Tracey blushed, something Katie had never seen before.
“Oh my god it is serious,” Katie exclaimed and they both laughed. The day passed well and lucky for her Tracey didn’t question her good mood any further. Katie wanted to keep her and Paul to herself for a while longer.
Once at home and her dinner eaten she went to the study and checked her e mail. Another two orders. “Paul had the right idea,” she thought to herself and decided to take the bull by the horns, so to speak. Katie got out her sums and started recalculating and after painstakingly going through everything with a fine tooth comb, came up with an accurate new price. It didn’t take her long to change what needed to be changed on the web site and once that was done spent the remainder of the evening cutting cloth. Luckily she now had a new cloth supplier who delivered even for small orders, but Katie knew replicating the quilts that she had put on the site meant ordering in bulk, thank god she had the guest room to store the rolls in.  
It was the afternoon of the following day before Katie had a chance to phone Jack about her work hours.
“Hi Jack, how are you?” she greeted.
“I’m fine, how’s everything there?” he returned.
“Good, good I’m actually phoning about myself,” she explained.
“So what did you do?” he joked.
“Nothing all’s well. Listen you remember I took the month off because of my quilt making?”
“Yes, go on…”
“Well there seems to be a market at the moment and I’ve been receiving orders. I was wondering if there was a possibility of going part time or reducing my hours?” There, it was out, she had asked and she could feel herself tense up as she waited for a reply.
“Well,” Jack replied after a long pause, “Not right now but how do you feel about reducing in January?”
“Yeah great!” said a surprised Katie.
“Something along the lines of dropping to Monday, Wednesday and a half day Friday. Now, you may have to work the full day the odd Friday. We can work it out better after Christmas. Now Katie it would only be until the summer and if Tom wanted to step up his hours when his college term is over then you could have extra time. But in September I think you are due to renew your contract so things may have to change then. So How about that?”
“Brilliant!”
“We’ll talk again after Christmas,” he agreed.
Katie was sitting smiling at her desk when Tracey returned and after a bit of prodding did tell her her news.
“Wow that’s brilliant, the best of both worlds!” Tracey congratulated her.
By the time her work day was over Katie was itching to phone Paul and tell him the good news, she almost skipped home.
“Hi Paul,” she greeted when he answered.
“Hi yourself! So how was your day?” 
“Brilliant! Brilliant!” she almost sang as Paul chuckled down the phone.
“Well I spoke with Jack today and he is open to my hours being reduced starting in January, also were you on the site since last night?” she asked excitedly.
“Yes, and you raised the price, good move and it’s still not too high.”
“Well before I phoned you I checked my email and I’ve more queries and another order at the higher charge. Yippee!”
“Wow you had a good day alright,” he cheered laughter in his voice.
“So how did the meeting go?” she asked him.
“Well we’ve started winding up our part in the project so it’s just a lot of paperwork for the next week and a half, which is pretty easy going, I can even travel once I bring my work with me. Now to clarify, when I say travel, I mean to Rush, to see a certain someone…” Katie could hear his smile down the phone.
“Wow, we’ve both had a good day then,” she surmised.
They continued talking for a while but oh too soon they said their goodbyes and Katie went and fixed herself something to eat. Following an evening of sewing she went to bed happy to have had such a productive day.                           
The remainder of the week passed nicely, not too eventful. At work the Christmas stock had arrived and it was taking extra man power to sort and organize it. Thankfully she had no extra orders for the quilts, for she was working all hours to get the ones she had accepted ready for dispatch. Of course she spoke to Paul each evening and they had decided he would come and stay with her for the weekend, something she was looking forward to but a little nervous also. She had never even stayed with a man let alone have one stay with her, but it was Paul so… 
“Hello,” greeted Paul as he stood on her doorstep that Friday evening.
“You’d better come in,” she smiled oddly feeling nervous as she stood back.
With his hands occupied with a small bag and his brief case he gave her a quick kiss before walking into the kitchen.
“I wasn’t sure if you would eat en route so I cooked us a meal,” she said walking behind him.
“I knew I smelt something delicious,” he commented in good humour as he dropped his bags and turned to her.
“It’s almost ready,” she returned his smile as he took her into his arms.
“I can wait a moment longer as I do this,” and with that he dipped his head and gave her a very long and satisfying kiss.
“Mmm delicious,” he gently teased as he began to release her.
She lightly pushed him in jest.
“You can put your bag in my bedroom if you like and I’ve cleared a place for you in the study,” she suggested as she checked the pots on the stove.
“Great, and then I’ll set the table, ok?” she nodded in agreement as he gathered his bags.
On his return true to his word he did set the table and in no time at all dinner was served.
“This is definitely delicious,” he complimented as she put a large bowl of stew in front of him.
“Taste it first!” she joked but secretly pleased he liked it. “It is my grandmother’s recipe.”
 “My compliments to your grandmother,” he saluted after tasting it. 
Katie loved making the stew. The smell of it throughout the house always brought back happy memories.
“My own grandmother was famous for her Dubliner’s Coddle, believe me it was to die for,” he added as they ate.
“I know the old traditional dishes are sadly dying out as fast food is taking over. Even at work the amount of frozen pizza we sell is unreal. I often wonder if there was a frozen stew would it sell as well.”
“Probably not, which is a shame,” he shook his head and they continued to eat until their bowls were scraped clean.
“It’s good old coffee and chocolate biscuits for dessert I’m afraid,” she announced as she got up to clear the table. He stopped her with a hand on her arm.
“No I’m cleaning up and making the coffee, you’ve done enough providing the meal,” and he proceeded to follow through on his word.
They sat over the coffee for a while before conversation resumed.
“I never asked, how was the drive?” she asked.
“It was good, there wasn’t much traffic at all which was surprising, but I do have a bit of work to get through before Monday.”
“That’s no problem. I usually spend the mornings sewing and then head out for a walk after lunch. So you can have the place to yourself then if you like. Then in the evenings I sew again, but I don’t need to…” she paused as she looked at him.
“No, no don’t change your plans for me anyhow if I work in the morning and evening I should get everything done so I can walk with you if you like?” he quickly responded.
“Ok, well at least we have a loose plan,” she agreed. 
“Yeah, so what do you do on a Friday evening?” 
“Well sometimes I just curl up on front of the television,” she admitted.
To her surprise he replied, “Perfect. Come on let’s see what’s on.” leaving her to follow him into the sitting room. In the end there was a film just starting so they did comfortably curl up and stayed there for the rest of the evening that was until Katie started yawning. Both laughing as it became contagious.
“I think it’s past your bedtime,” he teased and then yawned himself.
“No it’s past your bedtime,” she joked back.
It wasn’t until they had sorted the house for night and were walking towards the bedroom that Katie realized she didn’t know if she should change for bed. Paul however took the decision from her and once on front of the bed he drew her to him.
“Don’t be nervous we have been here before,” he murmured reading her thoughts.
“I know,” she replied looking up into his eyes as he dipped to kiss her and kiss her he most certainly did.
 “Let’s take this slow.” He huskily spoke. She began to undo his shirt and when she ran her hands across his chest they both sighed. Slow didn’t last long for before long all clothing had been discarded and the kiss resumed both enjoying the feel of skin against skin.
“Let’s get into bed.” He suggested, she nodded in agreement not trusting her voice to speak.
They took their time exploring each other, touching, stroking, tasting until they could bear it no more and with gentleness he lifted her up on top of him and guided her down so that he filled the innermost part of her. Sensation after sensation filled her as the rhythm built Paul deliberately keeping the pace slow so that she could feel everything. Which she did, consumed by his care of her. It was only after she had dissolved into a million pieces that he started to let go and they got caught up in the rhythm again. This time they both cried out in unison not daring to speak for the sheer magnitude of what they had experienced. They held each other until they fell into a most peaceful sleep.
“Good morning,” he greeted her with a kiss as she began to wake up. It took a moment for her to realize that he was standing beside the bed with a tray.
“Breakfast is served,” he announced with a flourish as he set the tray down beside her.
“What a lovely surprise,” she complimented as she sat up wondering how late she had slept.
“It’s ok, it’s a little before ten,” he said reading her thoughts.
“Thank god, I thought I had slept in.” 
“You know it would be ok if you did.” 
“I know,” she replied, “But I have to get some work done today.” 
“Well have breakfast first,” he mockingly ordered as he left the room.
A short while later refreshed from a shower Katie emerged in a track suit to find Paul already working at the desk.
“Have you been at it long?” she asked walking over to him.
“Not too long, I’m just trying to get ahead. Why don’t you get some coffee before you start?” 
“Would you like one?” to which he nodded and she went to make it. 
After the coffee they both worked on until it was coming up to lunch time. It was Katie that blew the whistle so to speak and they both reluctantly left their desks and had lunch. 
So when they were fed and all wrapped up Paul asked curiously, “so where do you go on your walk?”
“Well usually down the town and I call into Connie to say hi, but we don’t have to…”
“Of course we will, lead on,” and he raised an arm in the direction of the door.
“Hello you two. It’s a cold day to be out,” greeted Connie as they arrived at the Diner.
“It sure is, how are you?” returned Katie as they made their way to a table.
“Ah I’m not too bad, cold is in the bones though,” she replied with a grimace. Katie was always concerned when Connie’s arthritis acted up. She could never be sure if the woman was playing things down.
“Two coffee’s?”
“Perfect.” answered Katie as she put her jacket on the back of her chair.
“The place looks great,” complimented Paul as Connie brought over the coffee.
“That’s all thanks to Katie here. You should have seen the place after the flood, it was a night mare but Katie did me proud and it’s safe to say I won’t be decorating again in a hurry.”
“Oh.” He smiled at Katie while she blushed.
“It wasn’t too bad, and I had just painted it before it happened,” she tried to cover up her reddening face.
“I think you are being modest, but I’ll let it go for now. By the way, have I told you how pretty you are when you blush?” he chuckled as she got redder.  
“Paul!” she cautioned him which made him laugh more so she gave up and sipped her coffee waiting for the redness to recede.
“I think it’s too cold to go for a walk along the Harbour, so why don’t we pick up a few things in Sally’s and I’ll cook dinner this evening?” Paul suggested to which Katie agreed.
After a long discussion they finally agreed on an old reliable, spaghetti bolognaise. Katie found it a little strange walking around Sally’s with Paul, but rather nice all the same. They were greeted by the locals who knew them, some with a raised eyebrow but that didn’t matter.  
Paul had been right about the weather. By the time they reached the house the cold wind had risen and the house was as cold by the time they were inside. Katie turned on the heating while Paul lit a fire to warm things up.
“I’ll put the kettle on and bring you in a cuppa when it’s done if you want to sit by the fire?”  Paul asked already setting up the kitchen for his cooking.
“Yes I’ll take you up on that,” Katie agreed as she started to warm herself.
“Here you go,” Paul brought the tea in a few minutes later, “I can’t believe how bad it is out there.”
“Yeah, the weather forecast said we could be in for a bad winter alright,” Katie agreed thankful for the hot cup to hold and sip.
“Is there anything I can do?” she then offered.
“No nothing, I have everything under control,” Paul announced with a funny face making Katie laugh.
“Well, call me if you lose control,” she mocked in return.
“Never!” he joked leaving the room.
In less than an hour later they were sitting at the table eating the best bolognaise Katie had ever tasted.
“You have to tell me your secret,” she demanded for the umpteenth time to no avail.
“If I told you that I’d have to kill you,” he teased.
“It would depend on the method,” she boldly tested him.
“Just you wait til later,” he warned.
 “Promises, promises,” and they both laughed. 
“On a more serious note I hope you don’t mind but I have a good bit of work to get through tonight,” he said as they were having a cup of coffee to wash down the meal.
“Ah you should have said. You didn’t have to cook, although I’m glad you did but I could have cooked,” she replied concerned.
“No I wanted to cook,” he protested, “If I get this done tonight I’m free tomorrow until I leave.”
“That’s no problem, my quilt beckons me,” she said understanding him.
“Thanks.”
They spent the evening in the study each busy with their own work. Katie was enjoying the company his presence brought to the house and wondered to herself that she would miss him when he left tomorrow.
When 10 o’clock came Katie got up and after offering to make some hot chocolate went to the kitchen. “I could so easily get used to him being here.”
“I don’t know what it is, but I don’t think it’s the house. I just feel at home when I’m with you,” Paul said as they sat sipping their hot chocolate. 
Katie smiled, “I feel the same way,” she admitted willingly.
“It’s good isn’t it? It’s nice,” he smiled in return leaning in to kiss her and it was a heavenly chocolate flavoured kiss. Taking the two now empty cups to the sink Paul held out his hand, “let’s go to bed.”
Katie nodded and they walked hand in hand to the bedroom.
“My side or yours?” Paul joked as he drew her to him.
“Ours,” she chuckled.
“Good answer,” and he kissed her. It was one of those deep satisfying kisses that had Katie tingling to her toes.
“You are such a good kisser,” he complimented as if he had felt the same. 
With that Katie mischievously said, “ah but I need some practice,” tossing him down onto the bed taking him by surprise.
“What?” he laughed as she climbed on top of him. Replying with a kiss Katie took control and deepened the kiss until she was just about to melt and then changed direction.
“Mmm I think you’re a little over dressed.” She teased as she began to slowly undo the buttons of his shirt.
“Really?” he smiled a mischievous smile, “and you’re not?”  In one swift move he removed her top.
“Hey! I’m busy here,” she teased in return as she undid another button.
“I think the correct sentence is we are busy here,” and by the time they had discarded all clothing she was inclined to agree as the dance began.    
“Good morning,” he greeted as she opened her eyes and smiled at him.
“Good morning to you too,” and she repositioned to give him a kiss. “How good it feels to wake up in his arms.”
“What time do you have to leave?” she asked not wanting to know the answer.
“Not until Lunch time, so we have a lot of time,” he said raising an eyebrow suggestively as his hands began to caress her bare skin.
“Hey,” she mock protested. With that she gave herself to him until she could bare it no more. In one swift roll she was on top of him.
“My turn,” she smiled as she bent to taste his neck teasing him with every kiss. Now it was he that was moaning with pleasure. Before she could explore too much he drew her to him and their lips met. Slowly, lovingly the rhythm began as the kiss changed. She knew he felt it too. Looking into his eyes she felt the emotion flow from him to her. The wonder of the closeness surrounded them as they were one in the moment and then the dance of passion began. On and on the rhythm built to heights they had never reached before and before long Paul was holding her as the sweetest of afterglow gently faded.  She kissed his shoulder and he raised her chin to give her the sweetest of kisses.
“Katie…” he whispered and she knew by his tone that it had been the same for him.
“Yes…” she replied and they held each other neither one wanting to let go until Katie’s stomach rumbled causing them to laugh.
“Breakfast.” They said together smiling as they untangled to get up.
Eventually Paul had to leave; it was a strange parting for Katie. On the one hand she was sad to see him go yet glad that he had come to spend time with her. After she closed the door she was left with a jumble of emotions, some she had no name for.
“Oh Paul,” she sighed and went to make a cup of coffee.
 

Chapter 14
“Look! Look!” exclaimed Tracey waving her hand as Katie arrived into the office. After some confusion, when Katie did look she was shocked to see a diamond on Treacy’s ring finger.
“What?” she shrieked holding her hand to get a better view.
“I know can you believe it Jack proposed in Belgium and all I could say was yes!” gasped Tracey.
“Congratulations!” and Katie hugged her friend before taking another look at the ring.
“It’s beautiful, wow. So tell me everything,” Katie demanded as she sat Tracey down.
“Well we were at this posh restaurant and in the middle of talking about the kids Jack suddenly stood up. Next there was a waiter with an enormous bunch of roses and then to my shock Jack got down on one knee and proposed on front of everyone. He even had the ring and look it’s a perfect fit. I don’t know how he organized it all,” She explained her surprise still apparent. 
“Ah, that’s lovely. I didn’t know you were that serious.” 
“Eh, neither did I but when he proposed I just knew my answer was yes, It was just so clear in that moment,” Tracey answered gazing at her ring.
“I’m just over the moon for you. This is brilliant, and how did the kids, well they’re not kids but you know who I mean, how did they take it?”
“I couldn’t believe that either, they were ecstatic Jack’s collecting me from work today and they’re taking us out for a meal,” Tracey beamed.
Katie felt an idea forming in her head and kept it to herself.
“I think this calls for a celebratory breakfast muffin and tea. I’ll go down and get it,” decided Katie and she left the office.
Katie went straight to the deli and pulled Maura aside.
“Listen Jack and Tracey got engaged.” 
“What!” exclaimed Maura in a hushed tone.
“Yep, now he is collecting her from work this evening could we organize a surprise get together for them, Champagne toast for her on the shop floor?”
“Of course! We have to do something,” replied the other woman, “wait you’re in the office with her so I’ll have to make the phone calls from here to get everyone in for 5pm.”
“Great and get one of the lads to bring up a couple of cases of champagne and the fancy party disposable cups. Oh and spread the word, ok?”
“Leave it to me,” and Maura hurried off to start the organizing.
When Katie returned to the office it was to find Tracey swirling in her chair still gazing at her ring.
“No work for you today, I’ll do everything,” Katie smiled.
“Don’t be silly,” replied Tracey as she accepted the muffin and tea, “Lovely, Blueberry just what I love.”
Katie smiled to herself, she could feel the organization going on down stairs, hopefully Tracey didn’t get wind of it, she would have to keep her in the office all day.
At 4 pm Katie’s phone rang. On answering it she found Maura on the other end.
“Say nothing but we’re all set down here and the word has spread, the shop is packed so I got extra cups and bubbly, ok?”
“Yes, good.” replied Katie keeping an eye on Tracey. 
It was at a quarter to five that a loud cheer went off in the shop.
“What was that?” questioned Tracey as she got up to go and see what was happening. Katie excitedly followed.
When they got down the stairs it was to find the shop packed, banners up ever where and a stunned Jack standing in the doorway. Katie swiftly passed an equally stunned Tracey and made her way to the centre of the floor.
“Jack and Tracey, could you come over here please?” She commanded as the noise level dropped to hear what she was saying.
“We the staff and customers would just like to say congratulations to the both of you and we wish you every happiness in your future together. Tom and Tony are passing around cups and Champagne, Lads! Don’t forget the happy couple. When you have your glass can you raise it please?” Katie went on to address the crowd.
Within a minute or two every glass was raised in the shop so Katie raised her glass and voice to say, “To Jack and Tracey!”
The crowd responded, “Congratulations.” 
Then there was a chant calling for a speech to which a still shocked Jack agreed.
After he had said a few words and thanked all concerned, Katie had said to him it was Maura that organized everything, he then turned to Tracey.
“I am the most fortunate man to walk the planet today that this wonderful, kind and caring woman has agreed to become my wife is a miracle. I hope I bring her love and laughter every day and that she never regrets her decision.” To which the crowd laughed. When the speeches were concluded the crowd moved in everyone wanting to shake their hands. Katie looked on in happiness for her friend.
Later when the crowd had dispersed Katie made her way over to Maura to thank her again.
“I don’t know how you did it but it was brilliant.”
“Well you know Rush the grapevine is lightening,” Maura glowed.
“I have to agree with you there!” and Katie said her goodbye heading back to the office to get ready to leave for home.
Jack and Tracey came in as she was getting ready to leave.
We just wanted to thank you for today it was amazing,” beamed Tracey to her friend giving her a hug this time.
“It was only right to mark the occasion, Congratulations to you both,” and she shook Jacks hand.
Walking home from work Katie couldn’t help but smile, ‘Who would have thought it, Tracey and Jack?’
She was only in the door when the phone rang it was Paul and she couldn’t get the news out quick enough.
“What?” his surprise evident in his voice.
“I know I couldn’t believe it until I saw the ring. And it’s gorgeous.”
“Tell Tracey congrats from me tomorrow,” he said as if to finish that part of the conversation. Katie knew it was a sensitive issue for him so she let the subject drop.
“I will,” she agreed.
“So how was work otherwise?” he asked.
“It was grand, no problems at all and everyone rostered turned up, the day went like clockwork. So what about you how was your day?” she asked keen to hear his news.
“Long, so long. The morning I spent in meetings that were unproductive to say the least and then the afternoon was more paperwork. I was glad to get out of there but I know that tomorrow will be more of the same, but sure what can you do?” he replied his dissatisfaction apparent.
“That sounds rough! Poor you,” she commiserated.
“Ah At least this phase will be over in a couple of weeks and then it will be onto another project,” he sounded wistful to Katie’s ears; she wasn’t sure why this troubled her.
“Can you take a break for yourself before then, you sound as if you need one?” she asked.
“I had a lovely break this weekend,” and now he was smiling she knew.
“I mean one without work.”
“I know, I know, I’m not sure if it would be possible. It would depend on what the new project is and I won’t find out until nearer the time.”
“At least consider it,” she said out of concern.
“I promise I will.” 
“I’ll hold you to it,” she mockingly threatened, but underneath she was being serious. She knew he had been working very hard recently, sometimes up to all hours at home. His job seemed quite demanding to her.
They chatted some more but soon the conversation came to an end with Paul promising to phone again tomorrow night. After the phone call Katie went ahead and cooked a snack, eating it quickly before heading to the study. “I’m the one up to all hours tonight” she thought to herself as she began to lay out the materials that she would be sewing this time.
The following day there was a buzz of excitement about the shop as the news of the engagement continued to filter through the town. With Tracey on cloud nine it was hard to get some work done but by the end of the day Katie was up to speed, Thank God. Once she was out of work she walked in the direction of the Diner, she hadn’t seen Connie since Saturday and wanted to check in on her.
Walking into the Diner Katie noticed immediately that Sarah was working, not her usual hours, and Connie was nowhere to be seen. When Sarah saw her she nodded towards the back kitchen to which Katie swiftly went. She found Connie sitting at the staff table looking very drawn and nursing a cup of tea.
“Are you ok?” she asked concerned as she sat down beside her.
“Ah, it’s a bad day today. I went earlier to the doctor and he changed my tablets again but they haven’t started working yet,” Connie answered, her tone saying it all. 
“Is there anything I can do?” she asked her concern growing. If Connie was bad enough to admit it then things were very bad indeed.
“No, no Sarah is going to work extra hours and my friend Anita? Her daughter Ann is going to start work in the morning. She used to work in a café in Dublin so she has some experience. I think maybe I should take a back seat for a while.” Connie rubbed her face in defeat.
“There’s many more miles in you yet Connie, you just need to slow down when the arthritis acts up,” Katie said sensitively.
“Thanks,” Connie gave a slight smile.
“Why don’t I get the car and drive you home?” Katie offered, knowing it would only take 10 minutes to collect the car from her home.
“Thanks Katie,” agreed Connie and Katie left her to walk briskly the short journey home.
“Here we are,” Katie announced as they arrived outside Connie’s door.
“Come in for some tea,” she offered as Katie helped her from the car.
“I’d love to,” accepted Katie not sure if she should leave her alone.
Once inside Katie made way to make the tea and Connie sat in the arm chair appearing out of energy.
“When do you take your next set of tablets?” she asked her concerned.
“I’m due to take them now; can you pass me my bag?” Connie returned and Katie did so.
Once the tea was brewed Katie asked, “Since I’m due in work around the time you open do you want a lift in the morning?”
“No, but thanks. Sarah is opening up in the morning. I told her I’d come in at 12 to settle in the new girl,” at this Katie was surprised; Connie had never not opened up herself as long as she had known her.
“Well I can take my lunch early and collect you if you like?”
“Would you? Thanks Katie I just don’t know how I’ll be tomorrow,” Connie accepted looking deflated.
“Will you be alright tonight?” asked Katie with real concern for her friend.
“Ah yeah, there’s nothing needing doing here, once you’re gone I’m going straight to bed.”
“Ok, if you are sure,” Katie reluctantly left Connie’s and headed home. 
Her thoughts were filled with concern for Connie that she didn’t see right away the blinking light on the phone. It was only when she was going to the study to check her messages that she saw she had a phone message. On checking it was from Paul, but he sounded different. ‘Perhaps he’s just not used to leaving a message for me.’ She surmised as she dialled his number. 
“Hi Paul,” she greeted as he answered, “Sorry I missed your call I was with Connie.”  
“Oh,” he replied, “How is she?” in a tone that told her he was only asking out of duty. She kept her reply short.
“Not too well, her arthritis is acting up.”
“Oh,” he replied again. This time she asked in return,
“How are you?”
“Ok, but buried under paperwork but the mountain is indeed getting smaller. I rang earlier just to say hi and to see how your day was,” his tone seeming to mellow out to her relief.
“I was busy too there’s a lot of excitement over Tracey’s engagement so it was hard to get everything done but I managed. After work I called into see Connie. She wasn’t well so I gave her a lift home.”
“I hope she’ll be ok,” he commiserated.
“Ah she just needs to take things easy for a while.” 
“Tell her I was asking after her,” he said sounding more himself.
“I will.”
When the conversation came to an end it was with leaving Katie a little confused. “I hope he’s ok.” She thought to herself as she went into her study to check her email.
The following day was the day she always dreaded. It was the day the Christmas decorations went up in the shop. Putting them up was hard work but the worst was maintaining them over the weeks they were needed what with children pulling out of them and the air conditioning loosening the sticky tape and then the marks they left behind as they were taken down in January. Oh she wasn’t a scrooge, she loved the magic of Christmas but she would love it more if there was a magic way of hanging decorations.
Katie, after spending a couple of hours covered in pieces of sticky tape balancing on a ladder, took her early lunch and went to collect her friend.
When she reached Connie’s she was immediately alarmed. The curtains were not yet pulled. After getting no answer at the door she rummaged in the flower pot for a spare key. Thankfully Connie had mentioned it to her previously she thought to herself as she finally found it. Brushing the moss peat from it she quickly let herself in.
“Connie it’s me Katie,” she called out holding her breath. After a few moments she heard a low moan from the bedroom. ‘Oh thank god!’ she sent up a prayer as she hurried in.
She found her friend in bed very pale and covered in sweat. It was easy to see she was in a high level of pain.
“Connie, everything will be ok.” She said soothingly as she dialled an ambulance. Once the ambulance arrived and Connie was being attended to Katie gathered her some things, night wear and of course her medication to bring with her.
“What do you think it is?” she asked worriedly to one paramedic while the other was with Connie.
“Well it’s hard to say but it could be appendicitis so we need to get swiftly on the way.”
“I’m coming with her,” Katie decided immediately and after making a phone call to Tracey and locking up the house and car she got into the ambulance.
Once at the hospital Connie was rushed away leaving Katie to check her in. Katie nervously paced up and down the waiting room until she could bear it no longer and went to see if there was any news. The paramedic had been right. She had been rushed to theatre. After what seemed a lifetime a doctor came out to see her.
“She’s a very lucky woman, her appendix was on the verge of bursting, thankfully we got it in time,” he explained.
“When can I see her?” Katie anxiously asked.
“She’ll be transferred to St. Clare’s ward in about an hour; they have a relative’s room if you would like to wait there,” he suggested to a relieved Katie.
“Thank you I will.” 
By the time Connie arrived on the ward it was evening time. Katie’s phone had been hopping from well wishers so she had turned it off in the end. 
“Hello you,” she softly greeted a drowsy Connie. When she tried to reply Katie stopped her,
“It’s ok. The diner is fine. I spoke with Sarah and the new girl, Ann? Well she started today and they both say they can manage until you’re well again. So don’t worry and get some rest ok?”
“Thanks,” a dry and weak voice replied.
Katie stayed with her until she fell asleep promising her that she would return the following evening. 
Walking out of the hospital the enormity of the situation hit Katie. “God she could have died.”
She thought to herself as she wrapped her arms around herself trying to gain some comfort but she knew what she needed was Paul. During the taxi journey all she could think of was the fact she needed Paul and he wasn’t there. An emotional tear escaped from her eye before she had the chance to brush it away.
As the taxi pulled up outside her house she was filled with relief that she was home closely followed by shock as she noticed a familiar car parked against the curb. After paying her fare she got out of the taxi to find Paul standing on the path. Katie went to him and as if he knew by the look of her what she needed he took her into his arms.
“Are you ok?” he spoke into her hair.
“Just hold me,” was all she could reply and he did until she was ready to walk into the house.
“Connie’s in hospital,” she announced unable to keep the worry from her voice.
“What happened?” he asked in shock.
“I went to collect her at lunch time and I found her in a bad way still in bed. It was appendicitis. She was operated on straight away.”
“My God,” and he took her into his arms again.
“I stayed until she was on the ward. She just looked so sick,” Katie spoke into his shoulder his arms tightened around her as she let out a ragged sigh. As she relaxed she realized with a jolt she never asked him why he was here. Raising her head she asked, “What brought you to Rush, I thought you were elbow high at work?”
“I needed to see you,” and he dipped his head to kiss her. She felt herself melt into him. “Oh how I need him.” She thought to herself as the kiss deepened and she knew that on some level in that moment he needed her too.   
It was an age before they parted and Katie felt the loss of his arms instantly as she said,
“I’ll put the kettle on.”
“What about you? Have you eaten?” he asked out of concern.
“Just what was in the vending machines,” she replied feeling worn down by the day.
“I’ll order a take away, you need to eat something,” and he did. Luckily the local chipper was still open given the hour. The food arrived promptly and as Paul unwrapped it Katie realized she was hungry and managed to eat her fill.
By the time they had eaten the house had warmed up and Katie was able to relax finally.
“I thought you were snowed under at work?” she questioned.
“I am but I just had to get away for a bit, even if it was just one night. I couldn’t get you on the phone so I just drove,” he explained but Katie felt there was more he wasn’t saying but she chose to let things rest for the moment.
“When do you leave to go back?” she asked curious for his answer.
“Well I really need to be on the road first thing, I have a meeting at 1 o’clock that’s pretty important,” he answered rubbing his chin absently as he did. Katie again chose to let things rest. She sipped her tea. 
“You’re exhausted,” he commented.
“I know it’s been a long day,” she agreed staring at her cup. He rubbed her shoulder.
“Come on, let’s just go to bed,” he said and they did. This time they rested in each other’s arms falling restfully asleep.
The following morning it was Katie who woke Paul up with a kiss.
“Mmm good morning,” he greeted adjusting his arms around her.
“Good morning to you too,” she replied surprised at how rested she felt given how the day before had gone.
Glancing at the clock he said, “I think we have a bit of time.” And he left Katie in no doubt as to what his plan was as his hands started to explore her.
“Paul!” she gasped as his hand immediately ran up her inner thigh.
“Only teasing.” He chuckled and then went quiet as he wrapped his arms around her. 
 “Katie, my Katie, you are one beautiful woman,” he murmured into her hair. She kissed his chest in response.
Eventually it was time to get up. Paul had to get back and Katie had to get ready for work.
“When will I see you again?” she asked as he kissed her goodbye.
“Honestly, I’m not sure; it will take a bit of time to get through the mountain of paperwork on my desk. It’s always the same at this stage of a project. I promise I’ll ring, ok?”
“I understand,” and they shared one final kiss before he left.
Katie still had time to spare so she had another cup of tea. She couldn’t help but notice that things were serious, for the both of them. She knew he felt the same way his touch was changing all the time and the way he held her had become more something, not sure what. She hoped he had dealt with his past finally it had hurt him really deep.


Chapter 15
“It’s only me.” Katie called out as she entered her parent’s home. It had been more than a week since she had seen them in person which wasn’t usual so she had decided to pay an impromptu visit to them.
“What a surprise!” answered her mother as she came from the kitchen, “Why I was just thinking about you. Come on into the kitchen and I’ll put the kettle on.”
“I know we’ve talked on the phone, but it’s not the same so on the way home from work I decided to call in,” said Katie as she took off her coat.
“I know you’ve been up to your eyes,” replied her mother, “So how is Connie?”
“Not too well the operation took a lot out of her. They’re keeping her in for another few days yet. So how are you two?” 
“Oh we’re fine. Your father has taken to pottering around in his shed doing everything and nothing at once!” she replied with a laugh.
“Is he out there now? In this weather?” asked Katie surprised.
“Yep! But he’ll be in soon there’s a programme on the television he wants to watch.”
“Ok,” replied Katie as she got the milk from the fridge.
“How is the quilting going?” asked her mother as they sat down at the kitchen table with their tea.
“It’s going great, in some ways a little too great. I can’t wait until January when my hours are reduced at Sally’s. I’m getting a lot of enquiring emails and have orders already up to February.”
“You may need to take someone on to help out,” her mother suggested.
“Well I definitely will have to consider it if the orders keep increasing. I’ll just see how it goes for now,” replied Katie knowing her mother was right.
“How’s Tracey?”
“Glowing! She’s over the moon. It’s great to see her so happy. Who would have thought it Tracey and Jack?” smiled Katie.
“I’m so happy for them, pass on my congratulations will you?”
“Of course.” agreed Katie as she sipped her tea.
“How are you and Paul? Or should I ask?” her mother tentatively asked.
“We’re ok. We’re still getting to know each other but it’s going well.” What else could Katie say ‘whatever doubts I have would be very hard to explain.’
“I saw you have the Christmas tree up, that’s early for you isn’t it?” Katie changed the subject.
“Well we were rearranging the attic so it was the easiest thing to bring it down. Ah it’s not too early. It’s only a couple of weeks earlier than last year. I’d say the shop is busy?” her mother accepting the change of subject.
“Yes Christmas shopping has begun. The stock turnover is the fastest I’ve seen for a few years. It takes a bit to keep on top of the ordering but the atmosphere is great. Even the staff has caught the Christmas bug!”
“Hello there!” greeted her father coming in from the shed bringing a wave of cold air in the door with him.
“Close the door!” her mother ordered getting up from the table.
“Ah yeah, sorry it’s cold out there tonight,” he said as he did indeed close the door.
“Sit down there, here’s a cup of tea,” her mother put the cup on front of her father as he sat down.
 Katie spent another half an hour chatting and rehashing her news before taking her leave and going home. “It is a cold night.” She thought to herself as she quickened her steps nearing the house.
“I don’t believe it!” she said out loud as she stared at the computer screen. She had two more orders. This would take her into March at this rate and no hope of getting new designs together so that there would be more choice on the site. Her mother was right she needed to look into getting someone in to sew, even if it was part time. She closed down the computer deep in thought.
“Ok,” said Tracey turning around from her desk the following day, “I have some news.”
“I was wondering why you’ve been so fidgety all morning, so do tell,” responded Katie amused.
“Jack and I have set the date, 26th July,” Tracey announced.
“Ah that’s great news, I’m so happy for you,” cheered Katie.
“Wait! That’s not all,” Tracey became serious, “Are you free that day?”
“Of course I wouldn’t miss it for the world!”
“Well then chief bridesmaid,” pausing for effect,
“Chief bridesmaid?” Katie interrupted her shocked.
“Yes, I wouldn’t want anybody else, you will do it, won’t you?” asked Tracey very seriously.
“Yes, I’d be honoured,” Katie came around the desk and gave her friend a hug.
“Now we’ve a wedding to plan!” stated Tracey with purpose, Katie gave a wry smile.
The remainder of the day was spent wedding chat with a little work fitted in. When Katie got up to leave at 5pm, Tracey handed her a bag of magazines to bring into Connie.   
“How are you?” she greeted Connie as she reached her bed in the ward. Connie however was out sitting on a support chair.
“I’m alright. They won’t let me go home. How’s the diner holding up?”
“Well the diner is fine, Sarah has it in hand and Ann has been a quick learner so you’re not to worry.” Katie reassured her.
“The nurse asked if I had any visitors so I said you, was that ok?” Connie asked.
“Of course.”
“Well she wants to talk to someone, I’m not sure why.” Connie relayed.
“I’ll just go and check.” said Katie as she walked towards the nurses’ station.
Once she had located the nurse in question it didn’t take long. After she introduced herself the nurse explained,
“We feel Connie is not strong enough to be alone in her recovery yet. Is there anyone she could stay with until she was back on her feet?”
Katie didn’t hesitate,
“She can come home with me, I work but I’m home each evening and can drop in at lunchtime too.”
“Wonderful,” replied the nurse, “She would recover much easier in a home environment. It will be tomorrow afternoon before the discharge papers are ready.” 
“Would it be ok to collect her late afternoon?”
“Yes perfect, see you then,” agreed the nurse.
“Thank you for all you’ve done,” Katie replied before going back in to Connie.
“Well Connie the nurse said the Doctor thinks you can go home but only if someone is there for you,” Katie told her.
“Well I’m stuck here now!” replied a fed up Connie.
“Not exactly,” replied Katie, “I’ve agreed to take you home with me tomorrow, now don’t argue you’re coming home with me and that’s final.”
“If you’re sure, but it’ll be only for a day or two.” 
“No Connie, it will be until you’re ready to go home, ok?” Katie directed and Connie nodded in response.
The following day Katie left work at lunchtime and went home to sort the guest room out. She had been using it as an over flow from her study with material stacked everywhere so it took a bit of time to clear it. Once she had the fresh bed linen and towels set out she lifted up the phone.
“Hello Paul,” she greeted when he answered it.
“Hello Katie I was going to ring you but I’ve been swamped here. Can I ring you later?” 
“Well ring me in the evening I’m going in to collect Connie from the hospital. She’ll be staying with me for a few days,” Katie replied feeling a bit brushed aside.
“Oh, Ok I’ll phone later then,” With that he said his goodbyes and when she put the phone down Katie felt a little deflated, ‘what a waste of a phone call!’
Thankfully Connie had been discharged by the time Katie had got to the hospital so there was no waiting around and before long they were back in the house.
“You sit down and I’ll make us a cup of tea,” Katie said as she put Connie’s bags in the guest room.
“Thanks what a relief it is to be out of there,” sighed Connie as she sat down Katie could see that she was still a little weak.
“Why don’t you get into bed and you can have your tea there?” she suggested out of concern and to her surprise Connie agreed.
Once Connie had drunk her tea she went straight asleep and remained so for the night leaving Katie waiting for a phone that didn’t ring.
The following day Connie was up early so they had breakfast together.
“Now if you need anything just ring me but I’ll be home for lunch anyway, ok?” Katie said as she was leaving.
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry about me.” Was Connie’s reply but Katie was worried as she left for work.
Katie arrived home at lunchtime to a plate of sandwiches.
“Connie you didn’t need to do this you need to rest,” Katie objected.
“Stop dancing around and sit down,” Connie brushed her concerns aside.
When Katie was driving back to work she passed a familiar car parked and when she looked through her mirror at the registration it was confirmed. Paul’s car was in Rush. This meant Paul was here too. Katie’s heart jumped and she found herself humming as she went into work. She spent the afternoon wondering if he would drop in and when she got home there was a surprise for her but it wasn’t Paul. Connie had cooked a dinner.
“Connie what did I say earlier?” 
“Sit down, sit down and eat!” Connie steam rolled as she put the plate of dinner on front of Katie. It smelt too nice that Katie tucked in right away.
“This is gorgeous,” she praised between mouthfuls only stopping when her plate was empty.
“Well Connie you out did yourself that was lovely but you do need to rest,” stated Katie as she put her plate in the sink.
“I know, I know and I will. I’m going to have an early night tonight,” agreed Connie as if under duress. 
“Would it disturb you too much if I worked in the study? I’d have the door closed,” asked Katie aware that she was a little behind on her sewing.
“No, no once I’m asleep I’m out for the night; you just do what you usually do. I’m going to go ahead and get ready for bed,” Connie suddenly appearing tired. Katie hoped that she hadn’t tired herself out too much today.
An hour later and Connie was in bed and Katie had set herself up in the study for the night with the phone beside her. “I wonder why he hasn’t phoned he has been in town most of the day.” She thought to herself as she checked the phone yet again. It definitely was working. Katie found it hard to concentrate on her sewing making one mistake after another. When she had unpicked stitches for the umpteenth time she knew it was time to call it a day. With a sigh she tidied up and went with the phone to the kitchen to have a cup of tea. Three cups later she had to reluctantly accept that he wasn’t calling and with a confused heart she headed to bed for a restless night’s sleep.
The following morning at work was torture for Katie. Between her mixed emotions over Paul and Tracey’s pre wedding excitement she was grateful when lunchtime came around.
The smell of homemade soup filled the air as she walked into the house.
“Connie! You shouldn’t have,” she scolded light heartedly as she walked over to the stove.
“That looks as good as it smells,” she complimented as she looked into the pot.
“And there’s homemade soda brown to go with it, so take a seat,” replied Connie with relish as she dished up the feast.
Katie didn’t have the heart to point out yet again that she should be resting so enjoyed the moment for what it was and thanked Connie for preparing it.
“You look tired; I hope you weren’t up too late last night,” Connie commented taking in Katie’s expression.
“No I just couldn’t sleep very well. I think it’s my turn for an early night tonight.” 
“Maybe so,” replied Connie not convinced.
The afternoon at work was as hard as the morning for Katie and it dragged on and on. Every time she looked at the clock it seemed to be going slower and slower finally home time arrived and she couldn’t leave quick enough. When she returned home it was to find that Paul had just phoned so it was up to her to return the call. Picking up the phone she felt herself tense. She tried to shake the feeling off but it persisted so she dialled the number anyway.
“Hello Paul,” she greeted when he answered.
“Katie, I’m so glad you rang. I’ve been meaning to call but I’ve been snowed under. How are you?” 
Katie decided to go with the conversation for the moment.
“I’m fine working away, alls good here,” she kept her reply light.
“And Connie how is she?” he asked sounding interested.
“She’s on the mend but as usual is doing too much around the place.”
There was a lull in the conversation so Katie decided to strike while the iron was hot. Taking a deep breath she said as calmly as she could,
“On the way back to work yesterday I saw your car.”
There was silence for a moment.
“Yes I had to collect something from Eamon on the way to a meeting in Dublin. I would have called in but I was strapped for time and by the time I got home it was too late to phone.” He explained yet not sounding completely honest.
“Did the meeting go well?” she asked fumbling for something to say, she couldn’t accuse him of being dishonest right now over the phone.
“Yes it did,” not ringing true.
He paused again the conversation had run dry. With a calm she didn’t feel she said, “I’d better go Connie has dinner waiting.”
With that the conversation had ended. No mention of meeting up again had been said.  Replacing the phone Katie felt a sense of foreboding about the relationship that she was finding hard to shake off. It was with a heavy heart that she sat down to dinner that evening.
 

Chapter 16
Katie paused with her hand on the door handle but it was more from trepidation than indecision. “I know in my heart this is the right thing to do.” She reminded herself as she took a deep breath and entered the Jewellers.
“Good morning Brian.” She greeted the owner. Brian had arrived into the town a few years ago to set up shop which was rather brave given the economic climate and the fact he would be considered a ‘blow in’ by the natives for as long as he was here but Katie got on with him. To her he was a fellow trader and with that came a level of respect. This morning however, she was here as a customer.
“Ah Katie how are you?” he greeted in return moving over to the counter.
“I’m fine, busy with the run up to Christmas as always.”
“Me too. I’m choc a block with repairs and resizing, but sales are up too so I can’t complain,” he replied adjusting his glasses.
“That’s always the good side of the Christmas rush. Listen I’m here about the pocket watch in the window,” she said glancing back at it.
“Here let me get it for you so you can have a closer look,” and he did just that.
As Katie appraised it she could see the window did not do it justice. The silver shone and the engraving design on the lid was beautiful but it was when you opened it that it came alive. Under the face you could see the intricate workings of the piece. To Katie this was the magic. 
“A beauty isn’t it?”  Brian asked.
“Yes it is, I’ll take it,” Katie answered decisively and only a few moments later she was back walking the street with it encased in a gift box safely tucked away in her bag. 
As she walked home she thought about the last few weeks and how unsettled her relationship with Paul had become. She didn’t know if he was getting ready to walk away from her but she knew he had ghosts and in time she hoped he would overcome them. Until that time arrived she was willing to wait, she loved him pure and simple and if he loved her he would understand what her gift of the watch meant, she was sure of it.
When she arrived home she took one last look at the watch before putting it into her keepsake drawer where it would be safe until Christmas.
“Is that you Katie?” Connie called from the kitchen.
“Yes, what are you doing up?” questioned Katie who had given her an order to rest earlier.
 “I’ve had enough rest,” the older woman announced impatiently and Katie knew when she saw the bags in the doorway that what followed would be a losing battle, but she tried anyway.
“You are not ready to go home Connie,” she said looking her straight in the eye.
“I need my own home, my own bed. Honestly you have been great looking after me but now I just need to go home,” Connie replied as she sat down at the kitchen table looking ready for battle.
“I know you feel that way, it’s only natural but another few days won’t do you any harm,” Katie returned with sympathy. Connie had always been independent, a strong character for as long as Katie had known her so she knew she had little chance to change her mind.
“Thank you for everything you’ve done but it’s time I went home,” Connie stuck to her guns.
“Ok I’ll take you home but on the condition that you let me give the place a once around while I’m there. I don’t want you cleaning when you are supposed to be resting.” 
“That I can agree to,” she relented and so the decision was made, Connie was going home. It didn’t take long for Katie to load up the car and they were soon on the way. After they stopped at Sally’s to get in a few essentials, bread and milk and such they carried on to Connie’s house.
“You just sit there,” ordered Katie as she pointed towards the arm chair by the fire, “I’ll put the heating and a small fire on for you.”
“Ah thanks I do love a coal fire,” Connie replied as she sat down.
Once the fire was lit Katie set about making a light tea with sandwiches for Connie.
“Ah don’t go to any trouble,” Connie objected but Katie was determined to see that the older woman was fed and comfortable for the night. Once she had served up the tea Katie went around the house checking windows, pulling curtains and changed the bed.
“I didn’t think you would ever stop, thank you for everything, and I really mean it,” Connie said gratefully when Katie returned to the sitting room.
“I know you’d do the same for me if the tables were turned,” she replied sitting down, “Now,” she continued, “Sarah has agreed to call in to you mid morning once you were back home so I’ll drop into the diner on my way home to let her know you are back in your own home ok? And I’ll visit on my way home from work.”
“Ah I won’t need help for much sure I’m almost back to myself,” protested Connie.
“No Connie I’m serious we will be calling in each day until we feel you’re better, and there is no arguments. You need time to recover,” at this Connie remained silent but did nod in agreement after a moment or two.
“Will you be ok getting ready for bed?” asked Katie as she got ready to leave.
“Yes, yes I’ll be fine,” she answered as she started to get up.
“No you stay there I’ll let myself out, I’ll see you tomorrow evening,” Katie directed and they said their goodbyes.
As she drove home Katie was still worried about Connie but knew the woman would be happier in her own home.
Once she was home she set to work getting her own home back in shape. As Connie had been staying in the guest room Katie had cleared all her materials back into her study which was now bursting at the seams. She hadn’t been able to get the level of work done that she had planned due to the state of the room as much as due to Connie’s stay. By the time she had rearranged everything and had prepared the study it was already 10 o’clock so she put the kettle on for her suppertime cup of tea. While Katie was waiting for it to boil she decided to check her emails and found more requests for the quilts.
‘I’d better leave it until tomorrow to reply,’ she thought to herself as she needed to work out what orders she could finish in time for the end of December. Katie was out like a light as her head hit the pillow only waking to the sound of the phone the next morning. Worried that it was to do with Connie she raced to answer it. “I really need to get an extension in.” she thought to herself as she half tripped on the carpet.
“Hello?” she answered breathlessly.
“Good morning, I know it’s early but I wanted to catch you before you went to work.” Paul greeted sounding happier.
“Good morning to you too,” Katie replied unable to stop a smile from forming, it was so good to hear his voice, she hadn’t sure if she would again after the last phone call.
“I hope you slept well,” he said softly sounding more like himself. 
“Maybe he had worked a few things out?” she wondered and decided to let her guard down.
“I did, but I missed you,” her smile now evident in her voice.
Paul paused and then admitted, “I’ve missed you too but it’s been manic here. I will get to see you soon I’m just not sure when.”
“Well it’s good to hear your voice even if it is on the end of a phone line,” She replied honestly yet disappointed that there was no definite plan to spend time together but at least he had mentioned it.
“And it’s good to hear your voice too. Well I’d better let you go and get ready for work.”
“What time is it?” she asked now fully awake.
“8 o’clock.”
“Are you at the office already?” she said surprised.
“Yeah I’ve been here since 6am or there abouts. I’m just going to get another coffee; I seem to be living on the stuff lately,” He suddenly sounded worn out.
“Well don’t work too hard,” she said concerned.
“I won’t, hey I didn’t ask how Connie was.” 
“She went back to her own house yesterday, ah she’s improving but Sarah and I are going to be dropping in on her until she’s a little better.”
“Well say hi from me,” He answered and they said their goodbyes. After she replaced the receiver Katie had to go to her keepsake drawer and take out that little velvet box to gaze a little at the watch.
“Oh Paul, I know this is the gift for you I just wish I could read what was on your mind.” Feeling confused, not just from this phone call but from the last few weeks, she gently replaced the box into the drawer and turned to getting ready for work.
When she got to the office it was to find a pile of wedding magazines on her desk. Tracey who was looking through another one turned to her and announced, “I bought every one we stocked down stairs so my chief bridesmaid, we have so much work to do.”
“I can see that,” Katie replied dryly moving the magazines so that she could pick up her post.
“Never mind the post, that can wait. My wedding is top priority!” objected Tracey.
“If you want your chief bridesmaid to still have a job the post comes first,” she replied half joking.
“Ok Ok boss!” Tracey held up her hands in mock surrender and they spent the day alternating between work and bridal magazines. By the end of the day Katie was glad to be leaving, there was only so much wedding talk she could take especially now with Paul being a bit cloaks and dagger. Relieved that the work day was over she made her way to Connie’s house.
“Hi Connie,” she greeted as she let herself in.
“Ah Katie is that you? I just have the kettle on,” called Connie from the kitchen.
“Look at you! You are looking a lot better even since yesterday,” commented Katie in surprise.
“Ah there’s nothing like being in your own home, but I really appreciate all you’ve done for me.”   
When the tea was made the conversation turned to Katie.
“So how was your day?” Connie asked.
“Maddening, Tracey had every wedding magazine pulled asunder in anticipation of her big day, as far as work went we did the bare minimum.”
“I can imagine, when she came to visit me in the hospital she was full of excitement, it was funny I’d never pictured her like that before, but sure that’s what love does to you.”
When Katie remained silent Connie appeared concerned.
“Are you ok?”
“Yes I’m fine,” She replied.
“And Paul, how are you too getting along?” she enquired gently hitting the nail on the head.
“Well he rang this morning early. He said to say hi.”
“Tell him thanks, but how are you getting along these days?” Connie pressed again.
“Well the simple truth is I’m not sure. And I should be. We’ve been seeing each other for a while but I don’t know, sometimes it’s as if he’s deliberately distant and then the next moment he’s I don’t know, attentive?” Katie tried to grasp the right word. 
“Then you need to talk to him, get it out in the open, otherwise it will eat you up,” counselled Connie.
“I know but when I decide to talk to him suddenly everything’s changed again so I don’t,” replied Katie shrugging her shoulders.
“When the time is right you will. You really care for him?” Connie asked gently.
Katie nodded not trusting her voice. Connie patted her hand and they sat there for a while until Connie broke the silence,
“Sarah was like a demon when she called here this morning!”
“What?” questioned a surprised Katie.
“Yep! She brought cleaning supplies and gave the place a once over. You should have seen her. If she worked like that at the Diner I’d be out of a job,” And they laughed at the idea.
“Well the place looks great,” commented Katie as she looked around.
“Thanks to Sarah. Oh she agreed to drop the books in tomorrow. I need something to do.”
“Once that’s all the work you do.” warned Katie.
“Ah yeah, at least it’ll be one less thing for you girls to worry about.”
By the time Katie left to go home she was more relaxed and less worried about Connie. Wrapped up well she walked the short walk home at a brisk pace for it was a very cold evening so much so that she nearly didn’t see the car parked outside her house.
“Surprise!” greeted a grinning Paul from the door step. 
“It certainly is!” and they kissed. A kiss that held no distance. When she gazed into his eyes she knew instinctively that he wasn’t lying about his feelings but was that enough for now? She couldn’t answer that so she let it lie for the moment.
Once they were inside the house Paul went ahead and put the kettle on while Katie turned the heating on and pulled the curtains.
“I wasn’t sure if you were calling on Connie in the evenings or what but honestly Katie, and I mean it,” he said as she turned to him, “It was just one of those moments when you finally turned that corner and I could see you walking up.”
“I’m glad to see you too, very glad.” She smiled at him and then she got the cups out.
“What about dinner?” he asked realizing the time, “Will I order a take away?”
“Ah no I actually made a pasta dish yesterday, if you would like some I could heat up two plates of it there’s plenty there.” as she reached into the fridge to get it.
“Yes that sounds perfect,” He replied.
“Look familiar?” she said shyly as she showed him the tray. “I couldn’t help it I made your pasta the one from your friend in college.”
“Ah lovely, just what we need. Do you want a hand?”
“No it will only take a few minutes to heat up in the microwave,” and she set about getting it ready.
Before long they were settled eating the pasta with their tea brewed.
“Delicious, you’re a fast learner,” he joked as he took a mouthful.
“Why thank you,” she smiled as she too set to clearing her plate.
After they had eaten while they were clearing up Paul announced,
“Katie I have something to tell you, it’s the reason I’m here,” he sounded serious.
Katie sat down a little nervously, “go on.”
“Well first I need to apologize; I haven’t been straight with you. When we were talking on the phone, well,” he paused while she felt herself tense. 
“It wasn’t a meeting I was at in Dublin. It was a job interview. The reason I was in Rush the other day was to get a letter from Eamon outlining my involvement in the building of his house. This firm I applied to does a lot of specialized projects, anyhow they phoned me today and offered me the job.”
Katie was stunned; she had been thinking all sorts. It took her a moment to digest the news and then she congratulated him.
“Thanks, but I haven’t said yes yet, I wanted to talk to you first,” he replied making sure he had her full attention. He took her hand.
“You mean the world to me and I want us to move forward but the fact I’m in Wexford is a problem. If I was to take this job I would be moving back permanently, how do you feel about that?” It was he who looked nervous.
“I would be over the moon,” she said simply as she hugged him.
He let out a breath, “Thank god, I don’t want to lose you,” and he hugged her back.
“If you move back, I can safely say you will be stuck with me,” she said gently as she touched his face. He kissed her hand in return.
“That I can live with,” and he bent down and gave her a kiss that spoke volumes. When they parted it was Katie that got serious,
“Paul, I knew you weren’t being honest on the phone and it upset me. From here on in we need to agree always to be honest no matter what, ok? I don’t want to be upset again.”
“Oh, Katie I’m sorry, I just didn’t want to get your hopes up,” and he took her in his arms.
“I know, but from now on total honesty, ok?” she asked pulling back to look him in the face.
“It’s a deal.” And he kissed her teasing her lips apart and then teasing her tongue until she could bear it no longer and she gave her mouth to him willingly and completely sighing into him as she did. She felt him sigh in return as he lifted her up onto the side of the table. 
“Oh Katie.” He murmured into her mouth as he began to stroke her hair. She felt herself melt into him as a fire deep inside her flamed.
 “Oh Paul.” It was she who whispered his name as his hands moved up over her hips and along her back. 
 “Katie!” he gasped and in one swift movement lifted her with her legs wrapped around him and carried her to the bedroom. When she was safely on the bed he began to kiss her again and when he began to undo her blouse she didn’t stop him instead she began to undo his shirt in a slow dance until they were both skin to skin.
“Oh Katie, you’ve no idea,” he whispered as he stroked her face.
“It’s the same for me too,” she whispered back reaching up and touching his face both of them aware of the wonder of the other.
Then they kissed, a deep all consuming kiss and the dance had begun again. Slowly they began to explore each other, needing each other until all Katie could do was wrap herself around Paul. This was her undoing as she felt him close almost within her and then he entered her and she melted with the heat a pulsating heat that filled her until they were one and the dance quickened in pace. Each needing more and more, giving more and more until they exploded with fire simultaneously. They stayed locked in each other’s arms until the last ember was a low glow. Satisfied they fell into a restful sleep.  
When she woke it was to find the bed empty, grabbing her robe she went down to the kitchen and she found him sitting in the dark. Immediately concerned she put her arm around him and asked,
“Are you ok?”
“Mmm, yes I’m ok, just thinking.”
“What about?” she asked.
“I love you,” he stated simply and clearly.
Shocked, Katie drew his face with her hand until he was looking straight at her,
“That’s ok, I love you too.”
They both stayed there together in the dark both aware of the enormity of what had just been shared both to their own thoughts until Paul stood up and turning to her he took her hand and gently said,
“I do love you, I really do.”
“I know, and I feel loved by you,” she replied with a gentle smile. Knowing this was a big thing for him she took him in her arms and held him.
“Katie I need to ask you something,” he suddenly said pulling back from her.
“Ok, ask away,” and to her shock he got down on one knee.
“What?” Katie gasped as he held out a box nervously.
“I know you’re the one for me, the only one, and I know this is right in my heart. Katie I love you, will you marry me?” 
Katie helped him up and when he was standing she said gently, “Paul, this is not necessary, I love you heart and soul. I know I’m yours always and forever, every minute of every day and that’s not going to change. I’ve known it for a while and I’ll go on knowing it. But a proposal? It’s too soon, too soon for you. Why don’t we wait a while and enjoy the moment.”
“Katie I know I want to marry you. It’s hard to explain it but I’m sure, totally sure to the centre of my heart,” as he spoke she could see the emotions on his face and knew then in that moment that indeed the proposal was real. There was only one answer that she could give,
“Wait here I’ll only be a moment,” And she left him to go to her keepsake drawer. She took out the velvet gift box and returned to Paul.
“This was to be your Christmas present,” she said holding it towards him, he looked puzzled.
“Open it.” 
“God Katie it’s beautiful,” he said as he as he took the watch in his hands opening the lid.
“The only thing I wanted to give you for Christmas was my time. Every minute of every hour for the rest of my life so yes I will marry you.”
Gently he took her hand and placed the most beautiful diamond ring on her finger and with that he drew her into his arms and held her for there was no more need for words.


Acknowledgements

Thank you to my family and friends as without their support and understanding during these sleep deprived writing bouts this book would not have been finished! Also and especially to my technologically gifted friends, I’m eternally grateful for all the help.


Biography

Maria Hughes was born and raised in the town of Rush, north county Dublin, Ireland that she loves to write about in her books. Love Rush series has been a joy for her to write and she plans to publish further books of the series during the coming months. Over the last 20 years she has written in her spare time while raising 2 children and a dog. Starting initially with poetry it wasn’t long before she moved onto short stories and then to novel length writing. Today she looks back on her life experiences as research for her books and looks forward to developing her writing.


Where to find the Author.
Maria manages the page Love Rush Series on facebook.
