A Kiss is Just a Kiss
by Crystal Perkins
Copyright © 2016 by Crystal Perkins
Main photo by Joseph P. Souza
www.josephpsouza.com
Model: Thomas Stover
Cover Design by Helen Williams
www.allbookedout.com
Ebook Formatting by Jesse Gordon
adarnedgoodbook.com
All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand. All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About A Kiss is Just a Kiss
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Praise for Books by Crystal Perkins
Stop…No More Hoover Time
Sealing the Deal
Fool Me Once and Kiss Me Twice
Kian the Ignition
Friendship is the Flavor of…?
Kiss the Boys…and Run
Topanga Me This
Kiss, Tell, and Try Not to Cry
Ryn the Day
It’s Always Better to Give
Kaprice of My Heart
In It to Win…Something
Kissing Cousins… or Were They Sisters?
Adeline and Some Wine
A Lick, a Suck, but Not a…Kiss
Penelope for Your Thoughts
Not a Chance
London is Calling …and Calling
Around the World before Hitting the Ground
Scarlett Has Bloomed
A House is Not Always a Home
Estyn is Best in Show
It’s Dark at the End of the Tunnel
Bumbling Through to the End
The Past Isn’t Just the Past Anymore
When the Fall Isn’t Scary at All
One Kiss Just Isn’t Enough
Everything Changes, but Stays the Same
Every After, Happily
Acknowledgements
About the Author
ABOUT
A KISS IS JUST A KISS
A kiss isn't just a kiss when it's done right...
Kye Davies has always believed that kisses are just a means to getting in a girl's pants (or better yet, her skirt). When his grandfather gives him a chance to get out of working in the family business, he agrees to the deal, even though it means embarking on a "kiss quest."
His mission is simple...
He has to kiss ten girls from his past, and any number of new girls, to see if he can feel anything for once. Whether he finds the "One" or doesn't, as long as he genuinely tries, he can go back to building the tiny houses he loves.
Nothing is ever as simple as it seems...
Weeks of kissing girls--and boys--leads to him being attacked, shot at, and challenged to a light saber battle by a three-year-old. It also makes him realize that the "One" may have been there will him all along, and he just didn't know it.
10 kisses. 10 blasts from the past. 1 second-chance at love.
OTHER BOOKS BY CRYSTAL PERKINS
The Griffin Brothers series
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
Designing The Love (The Griffin Brothers #5)
Working On Love (The Griffin Brothers #6)
Keeping Their Love (The Griffin Brothers #7)
Corrigan & Co. series
Fielding Her SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #1)
Devouring the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #2)
Rocking a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #3)
Lessons in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #4)
Uncovering His SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #5)
Training the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #6)
Inheriting a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #7)
Tending Their SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #8)
Playing in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #9)
Loving My SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #10)
Society Weddings (a Corrigan & Co. novella)
Society Girls
Society Girls: Sierra (Society Girls, #1)
Society Girls: Neveah (Society Girls, #2)
Society Girls: Matisse (Society Girls, #3)
Other books
Never Fear-Phobias Horror Anthology
(Chronophobia short story)
Never Fear-Christmas Terrors Anthology
(Silent Fright short story)
PRAISE FOR BOOKS BY CRYSTAL PERKINS
“People should be free to love whoever their heart leads them, too. And this author did a great job of presenting a passionate love between 2 people who are seen as different from each other as dictated by society, but this difference wasn't a part of the love they share. Ms. Perkins did an admirable job of dealing with the issue (and other issues) as a non issue, if that makes sense.” —DianeM, Amazon Reviewer, Creating A Love
“I love this series!!!!!! Crystal has the amazing ability to bring her characters to life. I laugh with them, I hurt with them, I smile with them, and I cry with them.” —Jessica, Amazon reviewer, The Griffin Brothers series
“I love how Crystal makes the characters feel like real people.” —Tami, Amazon Reviewer, Learning To Love
“This is a lovely romance story that has a sexy sizzle to it but it's funny as well as it is somewhat edgy. I like that the hero has money but it's not the focal point in this story. I love that the heroine has problems but they are not so insurmountable that they take over the story. This is good old-fashioned romance done with a modern day twist. Well Done.” —Kindle Customer, Amazon Reviewer, Gaming For Love
“I found this book on Amazon yesterday and loved the cover. I read the synopsis and knew I had to get it. So I purchased it and started to read it right away. Oh my, I could not put the book down. I got so wrapped up in the story I was afraid to put my Kindle down or I would miss a part.” —Amazon Customer, Gaming For Love
“I thought this was a fantastic start to a series, and kind of first book of a series that makes you want to rush out and buy each additional book in the series. The premise of a strong group of women working together to help other women in need was pretty awesome. I loved how C0rrigan & Co was a secret covert company along the same lines as the underground railroad but it saved women from sticky situations or abusive relationships.” —Aubrey, Romancing the Book blog, Fielding Her SECRET
“I had so many different emotions while reading. I was rooting people, wanting kick people, wanting to rip some peoples clothes off, laughing while reading, gasping out loud. Seriously, I read this like a crazy person. So much happened that I was not mentally prepared for. There were so many shockers while reading this I could not even think about putting the book down.” —Sabrina, Amazon Reviewer, Devouring the SECRET
“Love this book the suspense and sex is EPIC.” —Teresa Jensen, Amazon Reviewer, Rocking a SECRET
“Perkins breathes life into their characters and has the reader feeling their agony, pain, and even their love for one-another. I enjoy reading her books and learning more and more about each of the people that make up this secretive group.” —Dayreader Reviews, Corrigan & Co. series
“In the end I am somehow proud of you Crystal Perkins. How you portrayed Ellie and her and Aiden love. I know I have no right to be, and it's really not my place to say but I am proud I read it and I recommend it to all women so they can see how strong We can be.” —Marta Bukoswka, Goodreads Reviewer, Tending Their SECRET
“The story flowed well and kept my attention throughout. There was one part I was totally not expecting to happen. I love when that happens.” —Lisa Dess, Girls With Books blog, Training Her SECRET
“Wow this story! There are some stories and characters that leave you speechless, breathless and at times slightly broken, and Loving my SECRET Matt & Reina's story is definitely one of them!” —Vicki Plant, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET
“I laughed I cried and there many times that I wanted to throw my device.” —Mallory, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET
“Perkins gives the reader a quick peak into the Weddings of the amazing ladies in the society. What a fun roller coaster ride it was.” —Taz Lozada, Goodreads Reviewer, Society Weddings
“Totally loved this book as I did with all of crystals book previous to this with their well written gripping story lines brilliant characters a must read really can't wait for the next in series.” —Sassylady33, Amazon Reviewer, Society Girls: Sierra
For Samantha Myers,
who gave me the name Kye!
STOP…NO MORE HOOVER TIME
I have no idea how I got roped into attending this damn cocktail party. Well, that’s not exactly true. My cock is what got me here. More specifically, my date’s mouth wrapped around said cock. If only I’d liked it as much when our mouths were joined, but I didn’t. She tried to hoover my mouth like she did my dick, and I actually lost feeling in my lips for a few minutes. I wanted to run, and hide—like maybe even on a different continent—but she did get on her knees for me. I may be an asshole at times, but I’m always a gentleman asshole, and yes, that is a thing. So here I am.
“Where’s your date?” my best friend, Easton, asks me.
“With any luck, she left.”
“She didn’t leave,” my other best friend, Beatrice, tells me. “I just saw her with the mayor.”
“He’s single now, right?”
“Yep,” East says with a smile. “That bad, huh?”
“When she was on her knees, it was great.”
“Of course it was,” Bea says, rolling her eyes. “You are such a boy.”
“I am. Totally. So don’t try and use that as an insult.”
“I’ve seen your dick, Kye. It’s not that impressive.”
“Stop! He’ll hear. Wound me all you want with your bitter spinster words, but leave him alone.”
“Bitter spinster? I’m 24.”
“Going on 100,” East reminds her. “You won’t even have a random hook-up.”
“Why would I want that?” she asks.
“Why wouldn’t you?” I counter. “You’re young, rich, and not too bad looking when you put some effort into it. You could score some fun pretty easily.”
“Oh look, there’s the waiter with the champagne. I need some of that after this conversation with you two morons. Actually, I probably need the whole bottle. Then I can pass out and pretend I dreamed this all up.”
“If you get drunk, I’ll hold your hair again,” I tell her.
“I won’t,” East says. “Not after last time. I love you, Bea, but no.”
“Maybe I’ll do what you both want, and find myself another guy to hold my hair.”
“Make sure you get some action before you start blowing chunks. That’s a definite mood killer.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she says, drily, before walking away.
“We should really help her out more. She needs to have some fun,” East tells me.
“She’s fine,” I say, waving my hand. “Back to me. That chick tried to suck my mouth into her vacuum sealed lips.”
“They are kind of big. She has to be getting injections,” he says thoughtfully. “I bet she really did give good head.”
“Focus, man. She’ll be back any minute. I need an out.”
“She’s not coming back.”
“How do you know that?”
“She just left with the mayor.”
“Oh shit. I hope she doesn’t kill him. He’s a good guy.”
“At least you dodged the bullet.”
“Vacuum. I dodged the human vacuum. Pay attention, man.”
“You are so ridiculous sometimes.”
“Ridiculously charming.”
“Yeah. Something like that.”
“Oh look, I don’t think I’ve met that chick yet,” I say nodding towards a new arrival.
“Your date has barely left the room, and you’re already looking for the next one? Why am I not surprised?”
“I’m not looking for a date—I just want to get laid. Don’t act like you’re not looking, either.”
“In this room? I’ll be lucky to find someone drunk enough to kiss me.”
“There’s gotta be some guys willing to come out of the closet for more than a kiss.”
“Not likely, but a few kisses from some of the men here wouldn’t be bad.”
“Dude, come on. A kiss is a fail unless it’s going to get you more.”
“So you keep telling me. I disagree, and you’re not going to change my mind. I love a good kiss.”
“To each his own. You kiss the boys, and I’ll fuck the girls. That leaves us all happy.”
“Hey, I fuck, too.”
“Yeah, but you kiss more—and let’s face it, the opposite is so very much better.”
“Whore.”
“Damn straight. Now if you’ll excuse me, I just made eye contact, and she licked her lips. Time to play.”
“Don’t forget the condom.”
“Don’t forget the lip balm.”
“Bastard.”
I flip him off behind my back as I smile for the pretty girl. As I get closer, I see the predatory gleam in her eyes, telling me she knows who I am. Oh well, it’s not the first time I’ve slept with a woman who only wanted me for bragging rights. I get a notch, and she gets to brag—it’s a win-win situation for both of us.
SEALING THE DEAL
“How was your date last night?” my Gramps asks when I visit him the next day.
“She sucked. Both literally, and figuratively.”
“How did she kiss?”
“Why do you always ask that after I have a date? A kiss is just a kiss.”
“No. A kiss isn’t just a kiss when it’s done right.”
“You’ve been telling me that since I was young enough to pop a woody, but I still think you’re wrong. Kisses are just something to pass the time until you get a girl’s pants off.”
“In my day, most girls wore skirts. Made things easier.”
“There you go. I wholly approve of skirts.”
“Look around you, Son. Your Gram filled this house with pictures, figurines, and anything she could find that depicted or represented kisses. It was the first kiss we shared that told us both that we were the ‘One’ for each other, and we cherished each other’s kisses until the end. Little pecks, long sexy drags of our lips…”
“Um, yeah, I get it. Thanks for the unwelcome visual, by the way. I know you and Gram thought kissing was important, but I just don’t get it.”
“I know you don’t, and so did she. When she was getting ready to leave this Earth, she asked me to help you, and I promised her I would.”
I swallow hard, because I loved my Gram probably more than anyone else, and it still hurts to think about never seeing her again. “You’re supposed to help me with kissing?”
“Not kissing, Kye. A single kiss. The one kiss that will change everything for you.”
“Are you going to provide the fireworks to make it extra special?” I ask with a laugh.
“Your smart mouth already gets you in enough trouble, so shut it for a few minutes while I talk to you about something serious.”
“I loved Gram, and I love you, but kisses are not serious. They’re not—anything.”
“Your grandmother’s research proves that’s not true. She knew the importance of the right kiss, and she also knew you needed help finding it.”
He’s talking about her kissing research. My Gram was so obsessed with kisses that she went around the world, interviewing everyone who would talk to her about their best kiss and what kissing meant to them. She tried to ask me the questions, but I had no answers for her. That’s honestly my only regret in life; I couldn’t give her answers, but I wasn’t going to lie. She wouldn’t have been happy with that.
“I think you’re going to have to spell things out for me, Gramps. You know I’m not the brightest crayon in the box.”
“Nonsense! You only scraped by in your business classes because you weren’t interested in them.”
Um, he’s not supposed to know that. No one’s supposed to know that. I mean, East and Bea know, but no one else does. I hate ledgers and numbers and all that shit. It’s my destiny, so I took the classes and made myself pass them, but I’d rather be stabbed in the eye than run the family business. Unfortunately for me, and all the people who’ll be forced to work with me, I have to run the company. Legacy and all that crap make it necessary since Gramps insists on passing over my Dad.
I’d be bitter, and maybe I sound bitter, but I’d do anything for Gramps. Including finishing my Master’s Degree, and pretending I don’t hate the idea of being stuck behind a desk for the rest of my life.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yes, you do. You want to run the family business about as much as I want to get a butterfly tattoo.”
“You’ve been wanting a butterfly? Wow, I had no idea. I know a guy, and a girl. But maybe we should stick with the guy since I think the girl’s still pissed at me for leaving after we had sex.”
“You know damn well that I don’t want a butterfly tattoo, and I know you don’t want to run the company.”
“I don’t have a choice. You refuse to let Dad be in charge, and like he’s always saying, ‘it’s a family business, so family needs to run it’.”
“Your father is not in control of the company for a very good reason, and you know what that reason it.”
Oh yeah, I do. My father is a pompous ass and likes to forget that he wasn’t always rich. My grandparents never forgot where they came from—they still held on to their old house to remind them of where they came from. They may have moved onto acres of property, but every year on their anniversary they stayed there in that old house. Just another reason to love them, and why I have to do what’s needed of me.
“You need to retire and enjoy yourself.”
“I enjoyed myself for many years. I love the business, and I loved traveling with your grandmother even more. When I retire, I’ll be bored.”
“The doctor said you have to slow down.”
“I know, and I will. Just maybe not with you at the helm.”
“If not me, who?”
“Your friend Easton seems like he would want to run the company.”
“East would love to run it, but he’s not technically family and, well, you know he’s gay.”
“I only care about the first part of that sentence. The rest is irrelevant.”
“To you, but not to my dad, or other people we do business with.”
“There’s a reason I never took our business public, Kye, and that’s because I don’t give a rat’s ass what anyone else thinks. Your father spends his days on the golf course, so why should his opinion matter? As for the people we sell to? Well, we’ve got others begging to take their place, and you know it. The demand for our products far outweighs what I’m willing to supply.”
He’s right about that. The chocolate my Gramps developed after marrying my Gram is the most sought after in the world. Many say it’s better than most of the European offerings, even. The most luxurious hotels, restaurants, and stores have it, but there are hundreds, if not thousands, more hoping to be included on the list of 1,000. 1,000 businesses, each committing to buying at least $100,000 of our chocolates per year.
My father has tried to pressure Gramps to expand, but he won’t. My grandparents set that goal of how many places they wanted to carry their product, and when they got to that number, they stopped, despite the overwhelming demand for more. With a limit on production, our company can focus on quality, while still providing a good quantity. We don’t limit the orders from the 1,000—and many order much more than $100,000 per year—we just don’t add more customers. The only way for someone new to get on that list is if someone drops off.
“Well then, give Easton the reins.”
“I will, on one condition.”
“Wait, you’re serious? You’ll really put him in charge, and let me do…something else?”
“’Something’ like keep building those tiny houses you’ve been selling for the past year?”
Shit. Wasn’t expecting that. “You know?”
“Of course I know. Can’t say I’m surprised. You were upgrading your friends’ tree houses from the time you were ten.”
“I love to build things. I’m sorry, but that’s my passion.”
“And it can be yours once you find your kiss.”
“Find my kiss? That’s what you want in exchange for Easton taking my place? I have to kiss someone?”
“Not just ‘someone’. Your gram and I talked about it in her last days. She seemed to think you might have already had the kiss that changed your life, but you just don’t remember it. We came up with a plan to see if she was right. You find ten women from your past who might have given you the kiss you forgot, but also try and kiss a few new people. I won’t make it an exact ten, because that may not be the right number for the new ones. You have until the annual Employee Appreciation carnival next month.”
“Next month? And how could I forget a magical kiss like the one you’re talking about? What if I don’t find ‘The One’? You don’t want me to force it, do you?”
“People forget things all the time, for one reason or another. And no, you can’t fake the kiss, so of course you can’t force anything. If you honestly still think it’s not possible for a kiss to mean anything after you’ve done what we’re asking, then I will still let you off the hook. You have to really believe it, though. And no half-assing the search, because I’ll know if you did.”
“Gram really thought I’d had it, though, the kiss?”
“Yes. She said you told her you’d felt it. You kissed someone, and told her you understood what she’d meant.”
“I did? When? And why can’t I just go find that girl? The one I told her about? Why send me on a quest when she knew who I should kiss already?”
“Yes, and I don’t know. She wouldn’t tell me. She said you should know, and if you don’t, then you don’t deserve the girl anyway.”
“But I thought she wanted me to find the kiss?”
“She did, but I think she was mad that you forgot. You know how ornery she got when she thought any of us were acting dumb.”
Yeah, I know. I felt that wrath more than once. When I fell out of the tree house I was adding to because I didn’t tie a rope on that time. Or every time I brought a social climber to a party. And let’s not forget the time East and I got so drunk that we woke up naked and spooning next to one of the chocolate vats at the factory. Actually, let’s forget that one. I don’t think anything happened, but I’m also glad the cameras weren’t on that night.
“Okay. I’ll do it. I’ll try and find the mystery woman who apparently rocked my world, or find a new one who can get the job done.”
“It’s not a job,” Gramps tells me, rolling his eyes.
“No, but it might just get me the one I want.” And give my best friend the one he does, too.
“I hope so. For everyone’s sake. And also because your father might just faint while driving his golf cart and crash it into the clubhouse again when he finds out.”
“He was drunk last time he did that. They don’t let him drive anymore.”
“Well damn, there goes about 40% of the fun in this.”
“I’ll try to make my 60% even better, just for you.”
“I’ll be counting on it. Now get out of here. You have plans to make.”
“Yes sir,” I tell him, giving him a hug before heading out. He’s right about me needing to plan. I need my friends, too.
FOOL ME ONCE AND KISS ME TWICE
“Wait, I get to run the company? Your family’s company? For reals?”
“Did you just say ‘for reals’?” I ask East raising a mocking eyebrow at him.
“Yeah, so?”
“And I was worried that your sexuality would be a problem. Now I know it’s your tween Disney Channel vocabulary that’s going to cause a stir.”
“So, tell us more about this quest for the perfect kiss,” Bea says, something flashing in her eyes when I look at her. It’s gone before I can analyze exactly what it was, but it leaves me a little unsettled.
“It’s not the ‘perfect’ kiss I’m supposed to find, it’s the girl attached to the lips that are supposed to let me know she’s the one for me.”
“You hate kissing. You’ve always said it’s just a means to an end,” she reminds me.
“Hate is a strong word. I’ve enjoyed a few kisses. I just don’t think they’re magical, or life-changing. Except, apparently one time I did. At least that’s what my Gram told my Gramps.”
“You don’t remember it? At all?” East asks, and I shake my head.
“Of course he doesn’t. He’s kissed the whole city, plus more than a few foreign girls. I don’t think a month is going to cut it.”
“Wow, Bea. The claws are out today, aren’t they?”
“Children, focus,” East says. “Since most kisses haven’t meant anything, we can rule out most of the population. Narrowing it down to ten shouldn’t be too hard.”
“Plus the new ones, but that should be easy, too.”
“You do remember some of those good kisses you talked about, don’t you?”
“Kind of. I mean, I remember kissing some girls, so that means something, right?”
Bea rolls her eyes. “Why am I friends with the two of you again?”
“Because no one else would embrace your disdain for romance and love the way we do,” East says, tweaking her nose.
“Or maybe it’s because I’ve saved you two from the psycho girls—and guys—who aren’t happy with a few hours of fun.”
“There’s that, too. You’re the best, Bumble,” I tell her, using the nickname only I call her.
“For the last time, my name is spelled B-E-A, not B-E-E.”
“And you point is?” I ask, trying to look innocently confused.
“Let’s just start making a plan before I give in to the urge to punch you.”
“Before you do that, you never answered me, Kye. I really get to run the company if this works?”
“Yes, and I get to keep building instead of ending my year off after graduate school in an office, wearing a damn suit and tie. It’s a win-win for both of us.”
“What do I get out of it?” Bea mumbles so low I almost don’t hear it.
“Our undying gratitude.”
“I’ve got lifetimes full of that after all the times I’ve bailed the two of you out.”
“How about we find you a guy?” East asks her, a wicked gleam in his eye.
“I think that ship sailed long ago,” she responds.
“What? Wait? When did you become a lesbian?”
“I am not a lesbian!” she yells, jumping back like I’ve hit her.
“It’s okay. Really. East’s already flying the flag, loud and proud. You know it’s cool if you like the ladies, too. Maybe you’ll even find one of the ones I have to turn away for a second time.”
“I have to punch him,” she tells East. “Please let me punch him now.”
He nods. “Yeah, I got nothing. Knock yourself—I mean him—out.”
I’m still processing all of this when her fist hits my jaw and I tumble backwards. I’m not knocked out, but fuck if that didn’t hurt. Girl has a mean right hook, which shouldn’t be a surprise since East and I taught her how to hit when we were kids. But still, dammit. Did she have to hit me? She said she didn’t want us to look for a guy for her, so why wouldn’t I assume she’s a lesbian? I make a simple observation, and now I have to seek medical attention.
“I need a doctor!” I say, holding my injured face.
“You don’t need a doctor, wimp,” East tells me. Where’s the compassion? Or even the love?
“She hit me!”
“Woman up, and get some ice,” Bea says, rolling her eyes.
“I’m not a woman, thank you very much.”
“Obviously not. We have babies and survive it—you can’t take a little punch.”
“You don’t hit a guy’s face like that. What if I’m disfigured,” I tell her, getting up to look at my reflection in my steel stove hood. “It’s already getting purple.”
“Here. Put this on your face, and get a grip,” East tells me, slapping an ice pack against my chest.
“I need more than this. It’s my face,” I remind him.
He hands me a bottle of beer, and now I’m ready to tackle the list. Beer can make almost anything better.
Bea sits as far from me as possible in my living room, glaring at me like I’m the one who did the punching. Women! This is why I’ve never kept one in my life for longer than a suck, or a fuck—they get angrier when you accept them for who they are than they do if you reject them.
“Let’s get started,” East says, trying to diffuse some of the tension in the room. I’m still not happy with him for telling her to hit me, but I need his help. If I’m being honest, I need them both, but I’m not ready for that kind of soul searching just yet.
“Okay, right. The first girl I can remember is Kian.”
“The class princess from fourth grade, Kian?” Bea asks with a sneer.
“Yes. She was pretty, and she smelled good.”
“She was mean, and she repeatedly pretended I was a boy because I played with the two of you.”
“She’s got you there. I still can’t believe you dated her for a week,” East says.
“We passed notes, ate at the place with the pizza and the mouse, and kissed a few times. Dating was pretty damn easy back then. Nice and easy.”
“She called me a boy, asshole! You kissed that little bitch after she called me a boy!”
“She was just intuitive. She probably sensed that you were into her, and just didn’t know how to deal with that feeling back then. Honestly, you’re not dealing with those feelings too well now.”
“Dude. Do you want her to punch you again? She’s not into girls.”
“You’re not?” I ask, confused, because I thought we’d already established that she was.
“No,” she says, quietly. “While you were coming to terms with my sexuality, I was looking up your girl. She’s a corporate divorce lawyer. She looks like a shark in her picture.”
“Let me see,” East tells her. She turns her phone to him, and he rears back. “Whoa! She really does look like a shark. I feel like all those white teeth are going to jump off the screen and bite me.”
“Is she a great white or a nurse shark?” I ask, needing to know just what I’m in for.
“She’s still got smooth mocha skin, brown eyes, but her hair is in soft waves. I can objectively say she looks hot. What do you think, Bea?”
She growls at him in response as he chuckles. I motion for the phone, and she tosses it to me so I can look for myself. “Nice. I’ll just have to be careful not to get bit when I kiss her. Unless she’s the one, and then I guess she can bite me.”
“Bite me,” Bea says.
“Don’t ask for things you don’t truly want.”
I get a one-fingered salute as she grabs her phone and stomps out the front door. “Was it something I said?”
“It’s lots of things you say, Kye. Lots and lots of things.”
“Really?”
“Just forget it for now. How do you want this to go down?”
“I’m thinking I’ll throw on a suit, and put her on retainer.”
“You don’t need a divorce lawyer.”
“Yet. I don’t need one yet. If I find this miracle kiss, I’m going to need a pre-nup, so why not be prepared?”
“Wow. Such a romantic.”
“One of has to be practical.”
“Says the tiny house builder.”
“To the foam party fucking fanatic.”
“We all have our freak,” he says with a shrug. “And I usually just get blown, or do the blowing, in the foam. Fucking comes later.”
“Semantics.”
“You’re not really trying to school me, are you? Do you want me to remind you about the freaky escapades you’ve shared with me over the years?”
“Touché.”
“I take it that’s a no?”
“Just help me pick out a suit.”
“Not all gay men know fashion.”
“Yeah, but you’re one of the ones who does.”
“I expect a new Armani suit for my trouble.”
“You can buy your own damn suit. You have a trust fund, too.”
“But it’s so much better when a hot guy buys things for me.”
I just stop and stare at him. “Just no.”
“Too much?”
“Way beyond too much. Get in there, and do your best work.”
“My best work is done outside of the closet. Just ask anyone.”
“I’d rather not. Go!”
I love this guy, and I love Bea, too. We met as kids who were hiding out at a fancy party, trying not to get our cheeks pinched again. As kids, we stuck together against bullies—well, except for my momentary slip with Kian, but if she’s my soulmate, I should be forgiven for my lapse in loyalty. As teens we bonded over vapid debutantes and drugged out party boys. In college, we all majored in business, going through all six years of school together. Me, so I could do my duty to my family, even though I just want to build things, namely little houses. East, because he loves it even though his family has pretended he doesn’t exist since he came out. And Bea, because she wants to run a non-profit, also against family wishes. They don’t want her to run their business, but they do want her to marry someone who will. She’ll never do that, and it’s their loss. My friends are awesome; magic kiss or not, I know they’ll always have my back.
KIAN THE IGNITION
Getting an appointment with Kian was easier than I thought it would be. The lady who answered the phone sucked in a breath when I gave her my name. Since the whole world thinks I’m the heir, and they don’t know that I’m going to be the spare, doors open a lot easier than they should sometimes. And yeah, I take advantage of that to get into restaurants and clubs when I forget to call ahead. I may not want the title, but the perks are pretty nice sometimes. Like right now.
East nearly fainted when he saw my new Brioni suit. My mom insisted I needed at least one, so I went out and got it, knowing my best friend would approve. I just didn’t think he’d try to steal it. There was a tug of war, ending with me reminding him once again that he can buy his own. He finally let go because he was worried we’d tear the fabric.
We walk into the sleek lobby, filled with chrome and glass, and I nod at my friend. “This is nice. Not my kind of thing, necessarily, but I could make do.”
“But can she deal with yours? Tiny houses are all the rage, but building them isn’t exactly prestigious.”
“I have the money, and the pedigree. That should be enough.”
“It sounds so crass when you put it that way.”
“It’s the life we live.”
“I know, but doesn’t it make you feel like…dirty…sometimes? Or like we’re pieces of art someone has decided is nice enough to hang in a museum?”
“Huh. That’s pretty deep for a casual talk, but yeah, I feel that way. It sucks, which is why that’s usually all I let the women do if they know who I am. I’m not going to hide my last name, but I don’t like to broadcast it, either.”
“Same.”
“Excuse me, gentlemen. Can I help you?” the woman behind the desk asks me. I guess we were taking a little too long in making our way over to her across the large lobby.
“Hello. I’m Kye Davies.”
“Oh yes, I thought I recognized you. You can go right on back.”
“Thanks, but could you be more specific. I’ve never been here, so I don’t know exactly where I’m going.”
“Oh my, I’m so sorry. I’ll take you, of course.”
She grabs my hand, and I try to remain calm. I’m used to overzealous women of all ages treating me like the Crown Prince of the city, but it doesn’t mean I’m comfortable with it. Especially when they get the “crazy eyes.” This one’s definitely rocking the eyes, and I know East sees it, too, because he’s trying to hold in a laugh. His face is turning red with the exertion, and if we were anywhere else, I’d flip the bastard off. Just wait until he gets mauled. I’m going to sit back and laugh my ass off.
The walk down the hall is thankfully short, and I only get groped twice before we’re entering Kian’s office. It looks just like everything out in the lobby—all metal and glass. There’s not one scrap of wood anywhere, but I tell myself to get past that. Just because I live and breathe for wood, doesn’t mean my future wife has to as well. Wife? Damn, I guess my subconscious caught that before I did. If I find my kiss, I’ll also find a wife. At least, that’s what should happen. Right now I’m not so sure.
Kian looks even more predatory than she did in her picture. I have to force myself not to shrink back as she smiles wide and moves around her desk to greet us. One look and the receptionist is gone, and we’re alone with her. East and I exchange panicked looks and start to reach for each other, but then she’s on us. On me.
She pulls me into a tight hug. I’m a pretty muscular guy, but I’m genuinely afraid of being crushed at the moment. “Kye! What a great surprise. I’m so happy you called me to take care of things for you. We really should’ve re-connected years ago.”
“Sure,” I manage to squeak out once she lets me go.
I pat her on the shoulder as she turns to East. “And you, Easton. My brother and you should go on a date.”
“Oh, um, is he gay?”
“Of course not, but I’m sure he’d be willing to play along with you as long as you buy him season tickets for the basketball team.”
“I-I I’m seeing someone,” he blurts out. Good job, man. Save yourself.
“Does it matter?”
“Yeah. It does.”
“It’s not Bob, is it?”
“Who’s Bob?” I ask.
“The boy who used to hang out with you.”
“Boy? Wait, do you mean Bea? She’s a girl.”
“Are you sure?”
“Completely sure.”
“Huh. I always thought it was a boy. Wait, you’re not with her, are you? Is she the one you need a pre-nup for?”
I laugh out loud at that. “No. Bea and I? No.”
“Good. Because I still think she wants to be a boy. So who is the lucky lady?”
Time to go for broke. I’m praying she’s not the “one.” Not just because she’s scaring the hell out of me, or even because she keeps insulting Bea. Okay, yeah, those are my reasons, but I’m sure I’d come up with more if I wasn’t trying to think about how high up we are, and if I could survive a jump from the window if this goes sideways.
East and I decided it’s best if I not reveal the details of my “quest” to the women, just that I need kisses. Most of my partings with these women were amicable, and I still maintain that kisses are no big deal, so it shouldn’t be a problem.
“Funny story, Kian. I don’t really need a pre-nup, at least not yet. I just used that as an excuse to get in the door.”
Her eyes light up like the Vegas Strip, and I reach for East again, but he’s not there. I chance a look to my right, and I see him sitting on the couch in the office. Now that he’s out of range, he’s clearly enjoying the show. I glare at him, but he just smirks back at me. Ass.
“You didn’t need to do that,” she says, rubbing against me like a cat against a tree. “I would’ve seen you. What do you really want, Kye?”
I don’t want to ask. I don’t want to ask. I have to ask. “A kiss.”
As soon as the words are out of my mouth, she presses her mouth to mine. It’s not gentle, it’s not like a vacuum, it’s…nothing. Thank the Lord above, because I feel absolutely nothing.
I try to pull back, but she’s having none of it. I’m pressed against the door, arms flailing as I try to silently signal East for help. I finally get free when she needs to take a deep breath, only to find my friend looking shell-shocked. He’s shell-shocked? I just got mauled by an African-American She-Ra. I’m not interested in seeing her out of her clothes for sexual reasons, but I’m kind of intrigued to see her arms and legs, because they’re strong. Seriously strong.
I slip out from her clutches as she catches her breath, but since she’s blocking the door. I can’t escape. Plus, we leave no man behind, and East still looks like he can’t move yet. I eye the windows again, but what if he doesn’t snap out of it, even if I push him out?
“Where are you going?”
“I…um…just checking on East.”
“Ooh, do you want to play with us, too?” she asks, sliding her suit jacket off her shoulders.
That snaps him out of it. “No. I’m good over here alone. Real good.”
“You don’t have to be shy with me. I’ve been with two men before. I liked it.”
And there goes her skirt. Damn her leg muscles are huge! Does she compete? —because she should really be competing in bodybuilding competitions.
“Not my thing. Not my thing,” East chants, as he joins me near the windows. Oh yeah, it’s looking like we might have to jump.
“Hmm, well I guess we could share Kye. I don’t like to share, but you can have him, too.”
“No, no, no! He cannot have me! Cannot, cannot, cannot!”
“Fine. I can suck him while you fuck me.”
She’s down to a bra and panties, and yeah, she could definitely take both of us down. Her guns could rival Thor’s; we are in so much trouble. Maybe I can still talk us out of here.
“No hard feelings, Kian, but I think maybe we should just go.”
“Go? You want to go?”
“Yeah?”
“You’re a fucking tease!”
“I am,” I admit. Hell, I’d admit anything to make it out of here alive. “I really did just want a kiss.”
“You owe me $1,000 for my wasted time.”
“Your fees are only $500 and hour, and we’ve been here maybe ten minutes.”
She roars like The Hulk, and charges. I jump on her desk and roll to the other side as she comes after me. “$1,000 is fine. It’s great. I’ve got my AMEX right here. Right here.”
I wave it in her face as she growls at me. “Pay at the front desk, and don’t ever think of coming back here again.”
“Front desk. Got it. Won’t be back.”
We rush the door, but try to walk calmly down the hall. We’re shaky, but we manage to look somewhat normal while I pay, and we go down to the garage.
“That went well,” East says.
“Fuck you.”
“I thought you said no to that.”
“I said no to you fucking me, dipshit.”
“Oh, well I don’t bottom for just anyone,” he says.
“Good to know. Not. I never needed to know that.”
“I never needed to see what just happened in that office, so we’re even.”
“It has to get better after that, right?”
“If it doesn’t, there may not be enough bleach in the world for me to clean my eyes out with.”
“Thanks for the encouragement.”
“That’s what I’m here for. Shits, giggles, and wise words to help you on your journey.”
“I thought you were here for the job.”
“That too, but you come before the job. Barely, but you’re still number two.”
“Two?”
“Yeah man, Bea is first.”
“What the fuck?”
“She’d never get me into the situation I was just in.”
“Because ‘Bob’ doesn’t date.”
“She does. You just pretend she doesn’t, and one day, you’ll figure out why.”
“I’m done. You’re flying into Crazy Town, and since I left my boarding pass at home, I can’t join you.”
“You’ll get there. Faith in you I have.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yoda. Just drive.”
FRIENDSHIP IS THE FLAVOR OF…?
After the fiasco with Kian, I’m taking a day off from kisses. I know I have a tight timeline, but that was some scary shit. I’m pretty sure the next girl on my list isn’t a gold-digger, or a bodybuilder, but I still need a breather. At least I checked one off the list.
I’m in the empty lot next to my house that I converted into my work space. My Gramps wasn’t wrong when he said I’ve always loved designing and building things. Only small things, though. I can’t imagine building a mansion, or a skyscraper, but if your kid needs a tree house or play house, or even if you just want to live in a tiny space yourself, I’m your guy.
I stroke the piece of wood I’m working with, inhaling its clean scent and getting a feel for it before I start cutting. The wood doesn’t talk to me, or any shit like that, but it does calm me.
“You’re not gonna go all American Pie on that piece of wood are you? Because if you are, I’m running out of here, and telling everyone we know,” Bea says, walking up to me.
“You’d share my sexual proclivities with the world, Bumble”
“Hell yeah.”
“You kept East’s secret until he was ready to come out, but you can’t let me fly my freak flag?”
“Not if you’re letting your wood get up close and personal with your lumber. No one wants to live in a house made of wood that was violated.”
Bea is just a friend, but still. All this talk about my wood, and building with wood, is making me sport some wood. I step further behind my work table, because if she saw that, she’d either think I really was going to try and fuck some wood, or she’d realize I got it for her. Both would be pretty awkward.
“I’m not violating any wood today—or any other day for that matter.”
“Well, that’s a relief. I couldn’t hire you if I thought you’d be doing the nasty with my birch, or pine, or whatever.”
“Hire me? You want a tiny house?” I ask, looking at her more than a little skeptically.
“Actually, I want a bunch of tiny houses. And a couple of treehouses, plus a handful of playhouses.”
“Just how many is a bunch?”
“I was thinking maybe twenty to start.”
“Dare I ask what these twenty houses are going to be used for? You aren’t secretly trying to get me to build something big are you?”
“Nothing big in terms of space. I’m not a moron, you know—I don’t expect them to stack.”
“Okay, I’ll bite. What’s the plan?”
“A shelter for women and children where they each have their own little space instead of just a single room in a big house.”
Whoa. That’s… “Yes. I can do it. I saw a design that was around 550 sq. feet. It had a little kitchen and living room, a loft bedroom, bunk beds with a pull out closet, and yeah. I can totally do that. I’ll need to hire some guys, and not take on any new clients, but I’m in. This is going to be so fucking cool.”
“Really? You’ll do it?”
“Of course I’ll do it. Did you think I wouldn’t?” I ask her, seriously confused.
“It’s a big commitment, and I know you’re trying to grow your business, but I can pay you extra.”
“You’re not paying me anything.”
“Of course I’m paying you!”
“Nope. That’s my condition for doing this. Use the money for other things you’ll need. Do you have land?”
“Of course I have land. I bought a bunch of acres outside of town.”
“Cool. So you worry about your stuff, I’ll build the houses, and I bet East can come up with something else. Oh, and I have another idea. We’re bound to lose at least one customer when East is named President, so how about if we auction off that spot, or any others.”
“You can do that?”
“No, but my Gramps can, and I bet he will.”
She throws herself into my arms, and I instinctively wrap my own around her. We’ve hugged thousands of times, but this time feels more important. Maybe it’s because I’m helping her with my dream. Maybe it’s because our dreams are connecting. Or just maybe it’s because I can’t stop thinking about what East said, that maybe I don’t want her dating other guys. It doesn’t matter right now. All that matters is that I’m holding her tight.
She finally pulls away, but keeps her hands on my arms. I keep mine on her hips, but I’m not going to think about that right now. “I’m sorry I hit you the other day.”
“I’m sorry I thought you were gay. It was an honest mistake, though. You hardly ever date, and we’ve already established that you never hook up.”
“Well, us ‘not too bad looking’ girls have to take what we can get.”
“I said that too, didn’t I?”
She shrugs. “We’re best friends, which means you should always be honest with me.”
I wasn’t being honest when I said that, and I know it. I don’t think of her like a “chick” but I know she’s beautiful. Gorgeous even. She has long blond hair that’s usually in a ponytail, or bun, deep brown eyes that draw you in with their intensity, bone structure a model would kill for, a mouth that a man could kiss all night. Um, what? I don’t think about her lips, and I definitely don’t think about kissing them. Not now, and not ever. She’s my best friend, which is better than a fuck any day of the week. I need to remember that, but I also need to give her some truth.
“You’re beautiful, Bea. Any guy would be lucky to have you.”
“Not any guy, but thanks. You’re not so bad yourself—even with your shitty attitude.”
I laugh, and kiss her forehead. “Coming from you, I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“You shouldn’t.”
“Well, I am. Now let’s go inside and map out what needs to be done for you.”
She puts her hand on my arm when I go to move away. “Are you sure you have time? I know you have the kisses to get through, and East is counting on you.”
“They’re just kisses, Bumble. I’ll have plenty of time to build your houses in between locking lips. Don’t worry, okay? I got this. I wouldn’t let you down.”
She looks a little sad, but nods. “Okay. Let’s figure it out.”
We spend the next two hours going over designs and placement on the land. She has pictures on her phone, and I’m able to bring up aerial photos on Google Earth, so I can get an idea of what we’re working with. Once everything’s mapped out, and we’re good to go, we both stand up and I walk her out.
“Thanks again, Kye. I really appreciate all of this.”
“You’re my best friend, so I think I’m just fulfilling my job requirement.”
“Above and beyond normal requirements this time,” she says kissing my cheek. “You’re the best.”
“No, but you and East keep me looking pretty good. Love you, Bumble.”
“Love you too.”
I watch her walk out, then grab my phone to call East. I’m not surprised when he pledges his help immediately, and we make plans to get together tomorrow. I need some kisses, and he needs to get laid, so I have the perfect place in mind—he just doesn’t know it yet.
KISS THE BOYS…AND RUN
“Let’s do this,” I say, standing outside of East’s favorite club.
“Are you sure? You’ve never been into guys,” he reminds me, looking like he’d rather be anywhere than here with me right now.
“I’ll never know until I try.”
After my confusing thoughts about Bea yesterday, I decided to try something new for my first “new” kiss. I’ve never kissed a guy, but since I’ve kissed more than a few aggressive women in my life, why not try it? It can’t be any worse than the vacuum or the shark!
“Fine. Just try not to embarrass me.”
“When have I ever embarrassed you?”
“When haven’t you?”
“Nice. BFF of the Year right here.”
“CEOs don’t sugarcoat things.”
“You’re not a CEO yet.”
“Yet.”
“You really should be showing me more appreciation,” I tell him as we walk inside.
“He doesn’t know how to appreciate anyone,” a guy says, stepping into our path.
He’s hot. Even though he’s not doing anything for me, I can appreciate his blonde surfer vibe. His shirt is tight enough to show a nice set of abs. Nothing to rival mine, of course, but not bad.
“And who are you?” I ask.
“Rob.”
Oh hell to the no! This is the bastard who messed with East when I was out of the country last year. Even though he has a common name, I know in my bones that this is the guy. Especially since East has gone still.
“Nice to meet you, Rob,” I say in a tone of voice that lets him know it’s really not.
“You can do better than him,” he practically snarls, looking at my best friend.
“Not really, but he can definitely do better than you.”
“I can get more guys to make out with me than you two losers ever could. The hottest guys.”
“You think? Care to make a wager?”
“What do you have in mind?” he asks, looking down at my jeans and t-shirt in disdain. No $5000 suits for me tonight, but I know I look good, and him not recognizing me makes things even better.
“How about loser announces to the club that he’s a gold-digging asshole.”
“You’d really do that?” Hell yeah, I would, because I’m cocky enough to know that at least a few people here will recognize me, and laugh if I have to say it.
“Yep.”
“Prepare to go down, and not on me, which is what you’d really like.”
What I’d really like now is to throw up, but I settle for flipping him off as I walk past him. It’s on like…something other than Donkey Kong, because I’m more of a Pac-Man fan myself. Anyway, this is going to be fun. More than the fun. The funnest.
“You didn’t have to do that…do this,” East tells me.
“The fuck I didn’t. You’re more family to me than anyone but my Gramps.”
“And Bea.”
The thought of Bea being family creeps me out for some reason, so I shrug it off. “Excuse me, but I have a bet to win.”
I see Rob sidle up to his first prospect, rubbing his back, and whispering in his ear. They start to move to the dance floor, but I intercept them. “Hi,” I say to the guy.
His eyes go wide as I step into one of the low lights around the bar. “Hey.”
“Can I kiss you?” I ask.
His eyes go even wider, and he smiles. “Really?”
“I’m not allowed to joke about kisses, so yes.”
“Huh?”
“Do you want to make out, or what?”
“He doesn’t,” Rob says, finally speaking up. If looks could kill, I’d be dead long ago, so I ignore his pissed off look.
“No, I do. And who the hell do you think you are, answering for me?”
Rob opens his mouth, but the guy’s glare and my smirk are too much for him. He lets out some kind of growl, and stalks off. The guy and I look at each other, and it’s my eyes that widen a little as he closes his now, and leans in.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t freaking out a little right now. Not about kissing a guy—it’s never been my thing, but my best friend does it all the time, and there’s nothing wrong with it. I’ve just started my “kiss quest” but why not step outside the box?
I don’t close my eyes, but I lean in and touch my lips to his. It’s…nice. There are no sparks, and this cute guy is definitely not the one, but I don’t mind the kiss. His lips are a little rough, but no more than some of the girls I’ve kissed. We’re not touching except for our lips, and that’s kind of sweet.
I pull away, and smile at him. “Thanks, that was nice.”
“You’re not really into guys are you?” he asks.
“No, but that was a nice first guy kiss.”
“I was your first?”
“Yep.”
“Cool. I’m going to go check out some other guys.”
“Can you stay away from that Rob dude?”
“There’s more to that kiss than I know, isn’t there?”
“I may have used you,” I admit. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I got to pop your boy kiss cherry. How cool is that?”
“Thanks, man.”
I walk away from him, and right over to where Rob is about to get his first kiss of the night. Nope, not gonna happen. I successfully take that kiss, and all but two others he tries for that night. He’s pissed, and I’m having the time of my life.
I can tell that most of the guys recognize me, and I’m cool with that. The ones who don’t apparently like my look better than Rob’s, and that’s actually kind of cooler. I’m more built than him because I hit the gym as well as carry around wood—and not the kind he prefers. I’m tall enough, with short brown hair, blue eyes, and the face of the hot boy next door. I’m not exotic, and even my occasional facial hair can’t make me “dashing,” but I like my look, and so does most of the rest of the population. Hell, I haven’t even had to take my shirt off here to get some action—and I was totally willing to show the abs if I had to.
Still no fireworks from the kisses, but I’m happily surprised that kissing a guy is no different than kissing a girl. There’s the stellar, the good, the bad, and the downright ugly. The stellar was so good that I let my tongue come into play, and the ugly put “hoover chick” to shame. All in all, tonight has made me realize that while I accepted my best friend’s lifestyle, I never took the time to really understand it. There may be some different anatomy coming into play for the fucking, but kissing is just kissing. Sorry Gramps, but that’s just the way it is.
I end up beating Rob—of course—and he’s beyond pissed as he takes the small stage. Especially when someone yells out who I am. I’m laughing it up with East, until I see Rob jump off the stage, and motion to a couple of the scarier looking dudes in the club. Every club has the guys you avoid, and this one is no different. When they start heading our way, we run. We run fast and far, thanking God for making us both love exercise and the outdoors. When we come upon some cops, we slow down and catch a cab.
“That was too fucking close,” East says, as we leave the muscle behind. “This kissing thing may just kill us.”
“It just might,” I agree, and then we both burst out laughing. I can’t even imagine what might happen next.
TOPANGA ME THIS
My field trip to the club has been splashed all over the local media. Some people forget that camera phones are everywhere, but not me—I just don’t care. I’m not embarrassed by anything I do in a club, or at a party. I don’t do drugs, I don’t sexually assault or harm anyone, and while I may get drunk and naked sometimes, it doesn’t hurt anyone else. Well, maybe the people who have to look at my naked ass; although it is a pretty fine one, if I do say so myself.
Mother and father don’t share my feelings, and have both been blowing up my phone with angry voicemails. I’ve ignored them all, because my job isn’t to impress the country club, or the Fortune 100. Besides, Gramps thinks it’s hilarious. I took his call, and he told me he was glad I was exploring all kissing options. So yeah, my two fucks are not being given over some pictures of me kissing other men.
Today is throwback kiss number two, and I’m honestly psyched about this one. Topanga was one of the coolest chicks I ever hooked up with. If you can’t tell by her name, she was raised a hippie, and not to be stereotypical, but damn was she free with the love. She wasn’t my first fuck, but she was the one I experienced the most with, sexually at least. While I’m really not the suit and tie guy, I’m also not the vegan, pot-smoking guy, either. I mean, once or twice a year at a party, it’s cool to toke it up, but not as a nightly ritual. I was sad to give up the cool girl—and the wild sex—but I had to think of myself, and not my dick.
East is busy shadowing Gramps today—they’re using a cover story of him being an intern—and Bea is busy getting shit done for her shelter, so I’m going solo this time. I drive down the dirt road to the commune, and can’t help but smile. I wasn’t ready to embrace the lifestyle of this place, but I had fun while it lasted.
Once I’m parked on the side of the main building, I walk inside. Topanga’s dad is sitting on one of the hemp covered couches, but he stands when he sees me.
“Kye! Long time no see!”
“Hey, good to see you,” I say, trying to remember his name.
“What are you doing in our neck of the woods?”
“I was thinking about Topanga the other day, and I thought I’d come out and visit.”
“Ah. It’s been longer than I thought. Have a seat and I’ll go and get my child.”
“Great, thanks,” I say, not even blinking at his weird word choice. I got used to it back when I was visiting this place on a semi-regular basis.
I take a seat on one of the couches, which are just as comfortable as I remember them being. I’m checking my email when I hear someone walk in. I smile as I stand, turning to see…a guy. I smooth out my smile into something more non-committal, and give a chin nod.
“Hey.”
“Hi, Kye.”
He knows my name? Well, of course he knows my name. “I’m just waiting for a friend.”
“I know. It’s me.”
Me? Me who? And then I look closer. Holy shit, this dude is Topanga, or I guess not. He has the same eyes, hair, and face, but his body? Yeah, that’s not the chick I had my hands on, and my dick in! He’s got lean muscles, and no tits. It’s kind of disorienting. Scratch that, it’s completely disorienting. I have to now admit that I was kind of hoping for a reunion fuck, but while I’m down with kissing a boy, I’m not going to do…that.
“Wow,” I say, finding my voice, and babbling like an idiot. “Do you still go by Topanga, or maybe not. I guess you could. Um, yeah, hi.”
He laughs. “Actually, it’s Cory now.”
“Cool.”
“I’m surprised to see you. It’s been a couple of years.”
He’s surprised? “Yeah, it has.”
“You can relax, Kye. Just because I finally let myself identify as a man, doesn’t mean you got it on with a guy.”
“What? I wasn’t thinking that.” I was totally thinking that. “I’m just surprised, is all. You were so into…things.”
“I still am. I just have different equipment.”
“You went all out then, huh?”
“That’s kind of the point of realizing I’m a man.”
I nod, over and over like an idiot. “Of course. I get it. I mean, I don’t get it, but you be you.”
“I am being me,” he says with a laugh, clearly amused by the fact that I’m freaking out a little, and not hiding it well.
“Yeah, yeah. Totally.”
“You came here for a reason, Kye. What did you need from me?”
Here goes nothing. Or everything. Shit, this could be everything, and then I’m dating Cory, who used to be Topanga, and wasn’t that a TV show? “I was looking for a kiss.”
“You wanted to kiss me?”
“Yeah.” God, I’m saying that word a lot, but my brain is literally not operating on all cylinders right now. “I’m on a quest. A kissing quest.”
“A kissing quest?” he asks, and then his eyes soften. “Is this about your grandma? I heard that she passed away. I’m sorry Kye.”
“It is, and thanks.”
“So you have to kiss me. That’s cool. You can close your eyes and pretend I’m still Topanga if you need to.”
That right there is why I could’ve maybe loved this girl—guy. He’s willing to help me overcome my discomfort, even if I probably wouldn’t normally be okay with it. “Nope. I’m keeping my eyes open and kissing you, Cory.”
His smile lights up the entire room, and I know I said the right thing. I smile back, not quite as brightly, but it is genuine. Our eyes meet, and he reaches out to cup my neck with his small hand—because his hand is still small, no changing genetics. I lean in as he pulls me forward, holding onto his shoulders as our lips meet.
It’s soft, sweet, and full of friendship and almost-love. Nothing more, but nothing less, either. I pull back and give him another smile. “Thanks, Cory.”
“No problem. My lips are at your service any time you need them.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Please do. And Kye, thanks for…you know…not making this more awkward than it is.”
“You mean because I used to pound your pussy, and now you have a dick?”
“Yeah, that.”
“It’s all good. You need anything, you call me. Or if someone gives you shit and you need backup, I got your back.”
He reaches for me, and I willingly hug him. We’ll never be together again, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care for him. Topanga, or Cory…it doesn’t matter. On the inside, he’s the same person he was when we were dating, and that’s one hell of a person.
KISS, TELL, AND TRY NOT TO CRY
“You are just a regular man magnet, aren’t you?” East tells me, as he laughs so hard his eyes start to water.
“Go ahead and laugh it up. At least Cory’s cool.”
“I still can’t believe he changed his name to that. Like, seriously, that’s so wrong.”
I shrug as I switch lanes. “His parents let him pick him name when he was five, and he chose Topanga because he loved that show. Only natural he’d change it to the other half of his favorite couple.”
“I guess.”
“Do you really think I’ll find someone at this thing?”
“We’re not going for you.”
“I have a limited amount of time, which means that everywhere we go is for me.”
“I guess, but try not to embarrass Bea with your shenanigans.”
“Shenanigans? You’ve been hanging with my Gramps for too long.”
“He’s the coolest guy I know.”
“He is,” I agree, not even trying to argue that I’m cooler, because we both know I’m not.
“I mean it, though. This fundraising lunch is important for her and what she wants to do.”
“You think I don’t know that? I’m building the houses.”
“Which I still think is really cool of you.”
“She’s our best friend—do you really think I’d make her pay for her dream when I can do it for free.”
“No. It’s just things like that—and what you’re doing for me—that remind me why you’re my best friend.”
“Knock it off, because I am not going to have an allergy attack in the car. Plus, I’m doing the kissing thing for me, too.”
“Allergy attack? This is me—I know you cry at those stories on Facebook.”
“Some of that shit is intense man. People helping each other, kids dying, humanity at its finest. How can you read all that and not tear up?”
“I’m not judging, man. I’m just less emotional than you—one of us has to be sensible. Bea’s the bleeding heart, and you’re the wild card.”
“We’re pretty awesome.”
“Yep, and now we’re here, so take a few calming breaths, and let’s wow the crowd.”
I roll my neck, and check myself in the mirror as we pull up. I’m looking good, if I do say so myself. Good hair and teeth. A steel grey suit with a white shirt and no tie. All paired with a platinum smart watch, and Italian loafers. I scream young, rich, and hot which is just what I’m going for because I need to schmooze some money out of the crowd for Bea today. That’s what we’re here for. Despite what I said to East, kissing would just be a bonus—I’m not here for that.
We walk inside and I see Bea immediately. She’s got on a light pink dress that’s sheer on top, covered in flowers, and has a little cape-like skirt that’s longer than the straight one underneath it. She looks beautiful. No, she looks stunning. As the thought makes its way into my brain, freaking me out a little, I notice the guy who’s standing a little too close to her, rubbing her back.
“The fuck?”
“Language. I told you to behave,” East hisses at me.
“Who’s the fu-guy with his hands on Bea?”
“That’s Shane.”
“Is she…dating him?”
“Kind of. You didn’t know?”
“No,” I say clenching my jaw so tight that my teeth are grinding. I shouldn’t be upset—Bea is my best friend, and nothing more.
“Jealous?”
I huff out a laugh, even though I want to stalk over there and tear his hand off as he keeps touching her. “About Bea? Why would I be jealous. I just don’t want some douche messing with her, and he looks like a douche.”
“He’s hot, but he does look kind of smarmy,” he concedes. “If the looks fit the personality, she’ll kick him to the curb, so stop worrying and start making our girl some money.”
“Hot? I guess if you like manbuns and beards,” I say, rubbing the scruff on my chin.
“Who doesn’t?”
“A chick who wants to have better hair than the guy she’s dating.”
“Chicks dig it, and so do I. It’s cool to run my fingers through a guy’s hair, and pull it when I…well, you know. It’s just like you and a woman.”
“Not exactly, but I guess I get it—when it’s another guy. Douchemobile over there is just gross.”
“You definitely need to let it go. Bea will handle it—and him—if she needs to.”
“You’re right. She’s got this.” She’s always got everything. Bea may be a ‘bleeding heart’ but she’s also smart, and sexy. No, what? She’s not sexy. This kiss thing is messing with my mind—I’ve never thought of my best friend that way, and I’m not going to start now.
I wade into the crowd, flashing my smile and my pedigree at the people there. I’ve been in the same social circle with some for years, but Bea has also brought the no-bullshit people here. These are the ones who don’t care about the country club, or the right fork. They have money, but prefer to flaunt it in ways my parents turn their noses up at—donating it, building cool buildings, and driving the hottest cars. They give it and they show it, and that’s a sin in the world I grew up in. In all honesty, I prefer their way to the polite insults and backroom dealing I’ve seen all my life. My Gramps is a straight shooter, and though it skipped a generation, so am I.
I schmooze them all because that’s what I’m here for, but I prefer the craft beers of the new crowd to the whiskey of the old. After indulging in both, I’m not feeling much of anything but happy, until I see Shane grab Bea’s ass. I’m halfway to them, when East grabs me.
“Nope. You can’t. She’d move his hand if she didn’t want it there.”
“She shouldn’t want it,” I slur.
“But she does, and right now, you’re in no shape to say anything about it.”
“I’m standing, and I can still talk. Let me go!”
“Nope. We’re going home, because Bea doesn’t need a scene. If you weren’t so drunk, you’d know that.”
“I got her lots of donations. People love me!”
“I know. You’re the best, man, but it’s time to go.”
I meet Bea’s eyes through the crowd, and hers widen when she sees East holding me back. I smile at her, and shake him off, because I know he’s right. I won’t ruin this night for Bea. “Let’s go. I did what I came here to do.”
RYN THE DAY
“Thanks for helping me out the other day,” Bea tells me, as we drive out of town a few days after her event. “We raised even more money than I thought we would.”
“You know I’d do anything for you.”
“Almost anything.”
“No ‘almost’ about it. Remember when I ran naked through your Mom’s garden party so she’d stop saying all that passive aggressive shit about you not being engaged?”
“How could I forget?” she says with a smile.
“I’d do it every day if you needed me to. I’d also kill for you, or help you hide a body. So, yeah, anything you need. Ever.”
She doesn’t answer, so I look over at her. She’s looking down at her hands, and it scares me enough to pull off the road, and turn off the car. “Why are you stopping, Kye?”
“Why are you looking sad right now? Is it that ass you were at the party with?”
“I wasn’t at the party with anyone.”
“He had his hands on your ass.”
“Oh, Shane. I was kind of seeing him.”
“You’re not anymore?”
“No. He wasn’t the guy for me.”
“Good.”
“Good?”
“Yeah. East and I knew he was a douche, but he said you’d figure it out on your own.”
“He always has faith in me.”
“So do I,” I argue. “You know that right?”
“I know you always have my back.”
“So what’s wrong if it’s not him?”
“There’s just something I’ve always wanted, and I’m starting to realize I can never have it.”
“What is it? I’ll help you if I can.”
“You can’t help me with this, but thanks for offering. I love you, Kye.”
“I love you too, Bumble.”
She looks like she’s going to cry, so I reach out and hug her. She folds herself into me, and I allow myself a moment to pretend that she’s not the girl who saw me pee my pants when I was eight and got scared by a fake ghost. Just a moment, because I still can’t wrap my head around why I’m suddenly looking at her in a different way. She’s still Bea, just Bumble Bea. She hasn’t changed so why am I thinking the things I’ve been thinking. I don’t think I want to know.
“We should get going. You’ve got a girl to kiss,” Bea says, pulling back with a shaky smile. “Thanks for holding me for a minute.”
“Anytime.”
I get back on the road, and head out to the farm to see another ex-girlfriend. I was with Ryn for most of ninth grade. We kissed and made out, never going below the waist. Neither one of us was ready for that, and besides, her dad had a collection of shotguns. Sex wasn’t worth getting shot back then. Now? If it’s stellar, I might be willing to get shot. Today is just about getting a kiss, but who knows what will happen after? I’m not Facebook friends with her, and she’s got a private profile, but her picture shows that she’s still gorgeous with her red hair and curves. I can’t wait to see her again.
As we pull onto her family’s property, I’m surprised to see so many people milling around. “Is there something going on today?” Bea asked.
“I don’t know. They used to have open house days, where the community could come out and see the animals, and buy pies and stuff. Maybe that’s going on today.”
“You don’t know? Does Ryn even know we’re coming?”
“No. I don’t have her number.”
“You could’ve gotten it. Or messaged her. I can’t believe we’re just showing up!”
“What’s the big deal? She liked you.” I don’t add that she was one of my only girlfriends to like Bea, because she already knows that. Chicks can be pretty catty and jealous when you have a female best friend.
“Let’s get this over with.”
We get out of the car and walk towards the barn, which i