
A Little Bit Haunted

Bayview High #1


Melody Summers


Copyright © 2017 Melody Summers

All rights reserved. No part of this eBook may be reproduced in any form or by any means, except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review, without permission in writing from the publisher.
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Names, characters, places, businesses, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Also by Melody Summers

Bayview High
A Little Bit Haunted (Delaney and Walker)
Not Exactly Lying (Molly and Quinn)
Just Friends (Dannika and Ashton)
The Perfect Match (Allison and Dylan)
Keeping It Secret (Nicole and Ethan
This Time It’s Different (Sydni and Cayden)




Visit me at https://melodysummers.wordpress.com 
Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Excerpt: Not Exactly Lying
About the Author

Chapter One
I still couldn’t believe my parents had decided to move us into a haunted house.
This was quickly turning into the worst summer ever. Right after school let out for the year, my best friend had moved away to Denver. Now I was about to be the star of my own paranormal reality show, whether I liked it or not.
Okay, so I wasn’t exactly sure that it was haunted, but the place looked about a thousand years old and could have been the Addams Family’s summer home. When my great-aunt Enid lived there it had been totally creepy, but for the last three years it had sat silent and empty and neglect had made it even worse. After she died the family divvied up all her belongings and donated the junk no one wanted to charity, but even without all of Aunt Enid’s ancient furniture and bizarre knick-knacks in it the place still had that old house vibe that gave me shivers whenever I walked inside.
I used the hem of my t-shirt to wipe away some of the sweat beading on my forehead as I climbed into the sweltering cave of the moving truck. It was barely ten o’clock in the morning, but the south Texas heat and humidity were already hitting sauna levels. What would have been a perfect day for a trip to the beach was pure misery for hauling around furniture and heavy boxes. On the bright side, I could look forward to the creepy chills from the house when I carried the next load up to my room. Maybe that would cool me off.
With a grunt, I lifted a box which had Delaney’s Books scrawled on the top in pink Sharpie and staggered along the sidewalk to the porch. A chipped red brick held the front door propped open, and I could hear Mom and Dad arguing about something inside. It figured that they’d be fighting over how to arrange the furniture in the living room when what they should have been worrying about was the ghosts getting us in our sleep.
Shaking my head in disgust, I climbed up the narrow staircase, each step creaking dolefully as my weight hit it. Dad swore that the inspectors had verified that the place was in great shape—probably sturdier than the much newer house we had lived in before—but it constantly groaned and squeaked as though a good breeze would turn it into a pile of kindling.
At the top of the stairs I stepped carefully onto the threadbare green carpet of the landing and edged the heavy box around the banister. My corner room lay at the end of the hall, and by the time I reached it I was ready to collapse. Next time I’d use smaller boxes for my books. I had to blink sweat out of my eyes as I lowered the box to the floor and cautiously opened the door.
From his spot on my bed Kiki watched me with slitted green eyes, his gray tail twitching lazily as I shoved the heavy box across the carpet. I made sure to kick the door shut behind me so he couldn’t escape. As long as the front door was standing open I had to keep him corralled in my room, but since he normally had the run of the house Kiki wasn’t exactly thrilled by that. If I left my bedroom door open he’d be off like a shot.
Despite leaving the windows cracked to air out the room and the aroma of my favorite scented wax rising from a cheery pink warmer, the place still smelled musty. I leaned low over the warmer, drew in a deep breath of vanilla and honeysuckle, and tried to think happy thoughts. Those lasted only until I let my eyes roam over the yellowed floral wallpaper and dingy, faded carpet. Even the doorknob was ancient, some kind of faceted glass thing that was so worn it wobbled when I turned it.
It wasn’t fair. I wanted my old room back. This one looked like a sleazy motel room from an old movie or something. I didn’t even want to think about what it was going to be like at night when I was in here all alone.
I checked my phone where I’d left it on the nightstand. Still no texts from any of my friends. There wasn’t even anyone I could vent to, and somehow that made it even worse. With no one around to complain to, I took a quick picture of the room and uploaded it to Twitter.
This is my life now
From down the hall my younger sister’s voice rose in an outraged squeal. “Dad-dy! There’s a spider as big as Kiki in my room!”
That made up my mind on whether to start unpacking my books or to go down to the truck and bring up another box. I don’t do spiders. In my haste to leave I forgot to keep an eye on the cat, though, and as soon as the door swung open Kiki made a dash for freedom. Darting around my legs, the fat furball whipped past me and disappeared in a gray flash down the hall. With a grace that defied his bulk he scampered down the stairs, bounding over two at a time in his haste to escape. I reached the landing just in time to see his outstretched tail vanish through the front door.
Visions of slavering dogs and speeding cars painted gruesome pictures in my head as I hurried down the stairs after him, but by the time I got to the front door he was long gone. There was no sign of him anywhere.
“Kiki!” I called into the deserted yard. “Stupid cat. Kiki!”
Although I walked all around the house and called him repeatedly, he refused to come back. I’d just have to hope he turned up on his own when he got hungry. With my shoulders slumped in defeat, I headed back into the truck for another box of my books.
This one was even heavier than the last, so that I swayed under its weight as I trudged awkwardly towards the house. When I reached the front steps I heard a screen door bang at the house next door to us, and my head swiveled automatically towards the noise. A guy stepped out onto the porch, his bright blue eyes gleaming with amused curiosity as I waddled up the sidewalk. A really, really cute guy. Suddenly I couldn’t seem to remember how to walk, and my feet went in different directions so that I stumbled and banged my shin hard on the edge of the steps.
I cried out as bright pain exploded through my leg, and it was only with a heroic effort that I managed to stay on my feet without dropping the box. With my face burning hotter than the sun, I staggered onto the porch and practically dove through the front door. I couldn’t believe it. Why? Why was this happening to me?
Quickly as I could, I heaved the box up the stairs to my room and dumped it beside the others so I could dash for the bathroom. A glance in the mirror confirmed my worst fears. Dusty sweat smeared my face, while wisps of my long, brown hair had pulled free from my ponytail to tangle into a limp mess. Dirt and grime streaked my t-shirt and favorite pastel green shorts. I looked hideous. Not that I was all that much to brag about when I was cleaned up, but today I seriously looked like a hobo or something. I might as well have just crawled out of a gutter.
I groaned and squeezed my eyes shut, wishing that this day would turn out to be nothing but a bad dream that would dissolve like a puff of smoke when I woke up. Why me? It was bad enough moving into a haunted house after losing my best friend. Losing my cat and banging my shin were just icing on the cake.
But I must have done something truly awful in a previous life to offend the karma gods enough to wind up with Walker Dean as my next door neighbor.
Chapter Two
Walker Dean was heartbreak just looking for a victim.
He tore through girls’ hearts like a tornado through a trailer park. It wasn’t that he did it on purpose or anything, but then neither does a tornado, right? And just like that tornado, he seemed oblivious to the wreckage he left behind. I had lost track of the number of girls I’d walked in on while they cried their eyes out over him in the restrooms at school. Each one had seemed to think that she would be The One who would finally change his bad boy ways, but then he’d slip right through her fingers and move on to the next girl in line. And there was always another girl in line, and another, and another after that. This was my new neighbor.
I stared into the mirror and wished I’d never been born. One of the hottest guys in school had just seen me looking like I was some kind of homeless person, and then watched me spazz out and almost break my neck at the sight of him. I was never leaving the house again.
Except I still had to bring the rest of my stuff up from the moving truck. There was no getting out of it. Other than the furniture, I was responsible for hauling everything of mine up to my room, which meant I was going to have to go back and face Walker all over again.
Nothing said I had to do it looking like I’d spent the morning dumpster diving, though. I rinsed my hands in the sink and managed to clean most of the sweat and smudges off of my face, and then I went to work on my hair. I tried to be careful pulling my hair tie loose, but stray hairs kept getting caught and every time I tugged on one my eyes teared up. It had to be done, though, so I bit my lip and pushed through it. Finally I was able to shake my hair free and brush away the worst of the dust. I combed my fingers through the tangles, straightening them as best I could, then retied my ponytail. It was limp from the humidity and still the same plain old dark brown as always, but at least it looked better than it had.
Under the blinding glare of the naked bulbs above the sink, my reflection wasn’t exactly flattering. Should I go all the way? I didn’t usually wear much makeup and most of what I had was still packed, but I had lip gloss and eyeliner pencils in my purse. It was probably my best shot at making Walker forget what I had looked like earlier.
A couple of minutes later my lips glowed Cotton Candy Pink while I gingerly applied some gold liner to bring out the green in my hazel eyes. I was just putting on the finishing touches when Mom walked past the bathroom.
She glanced in at me and continued down the hall a couple of steps, then turned around and came back and stuck her head in the door.
“What are you doing?”
“Just… Freshening up?”
One eyebrow rose skeptically. “Why?”
“Because I don’t want to look like a hobo.”
Mom snorted. “It’s moving day. You’re just going to get dirty and sweaty all over again, and when that eyeliner starts to run you’ll look like a raccoon.”
I heaved an exaggerated sigh, trying to sound put upon. “Can’t I just want to look nice for a little while to make myself feel better? It’s bad enough that I have to live in a haunted house. Do I have to gross out the ghosts while I’m here?”
She rolled her eyes. “Whatever, Delaney. I was born at night, but not last night. There’s a boy in this story somewhere.”
“Mom…” I started, working a pained tone into my voice.
“I don’t care,” she cut me off. “Just don’t spend all day in here, because your father has to return the truck by five o’clock.”
“Fine.”
She walked away, shaking her head and muttering. That was okay—so long as she left. I was stressed out enough as it was without her pestering me about the boy next door.
My clothes were still dirty, but they’d just have to do. I couldn’t keep changing into a new outfit every time I brought another box upstairs. I glanced down at my nails, which were grubby and a little chipped, but shrugged that off. Walker wasn’t likely to notice them from a distance.
Reality slapped me hard, and with an odd, hollow feeling inside I slumped against the counter. Walker wasn’t likely to notice me period. Not that I really wanted him to or anything. I just didn’t want to have to look completely awful if he was going to see me walking around.
Okay, so it didn’t make a whole lot of sense to me, either, but I felt very strongly about it.
When I went downstairs for the next box I peeked carefully through the windows and checked around the corners before I went outside, but Walker was nowhere to be seen. Deflated, I climbed into the back of the truck with a sigh of relief mixed with disappointment. It was just as well, since I didn’t really want him to notice me. Not that he would or anything, and no matter how gorgeous he was I certainly didn’t want to be his next conquest.
For the next two hours I carried boxes and totes and smaller pieces of furniture into the house, with only a short break for lunch. By then I was so worn out that I’d forgotten all about Walker and how I looked, but at last I’d carried the final box up to my room. With a frown at the messy stacks of my life piled up against the walls I started unpacking, starting with the things I needed most—clothes.
The closet smelled even mustier than my room and was about the size of a photo booth. There was no way I was ever going to fit all of my clothes in there. As I was hanging up what I could manage to cram inside, a low, eerie groan came from somewhere behind the back wall.
I jumped backwards into my room, stumbling over boxes and plastic bags bulging with my clothes, my heart slamming against my ribs. What was that? It came again, softer this time, and I swallowed hard as I stared into the dim mass of clothes. Maybe it was just the pipes or something? Sometimes the ones in our last house had made weird noises when it got cold. Whatever it was, I was going to make sure that closet door was shut and had a heavy box of books holding it closed before I went to bed.
Later that afternoon, I was still trying to bring some order to the chaos in my room. Mom and Dad had left to take the truck back to the rental place, so I was alone in the house with my little sister, Shelly, who was watching cartoons in her room next door. My stomach growled irritably as I worked. I’d burned through lunch a long time ago, and I was looking forward to the pizza my parents had promised to bring back for dinner.
I’d put away as many of my clothes as I could, but there was still a pile of stuff on my bed that I had no idea what to do with. With a shrug, I started cramming books onto my shelves so I could empty out some of the boxes cluttering up the floor. I wanted my old room back. I wanted the extra space, and my soothing lavender walls, and floors that didn’t squeak when you walked on them.
I glanced at the bare windows and frowned. They were going to need a couple of bottles of glass cleaner before I could actually see anything through them. My curtains were buried somewhere in all the mess, and I needed to hang them up. That would help cheer the place up a little. And with the curtains up I could put off cleaning the windows. Out of sight, out of mind.
A faint banging noise yanked me out of my reverie. I remembered I was supposed to be keeping an eye on Shelly, so I poked my head into her room to make sure she hadn’t fallen down the stairs or something. She was still watching cartoons, oblivious to anything else in the house. Where was the noise coming from?
I waited a few seconds until it started again and realized it was coming from downstairs. Someone was knocking on the front door. I hurried to answer it, thinking it was probably Mom and Dad. If they had their arms full of pizzas and sodas they might need someone to open the door. By the time I got downstairs the knocking had gotten more insistent, so I unlocked the door and yanked it open without thinking to look through the peephole.
Walker was standing on the porch, looking down at me with amusement gleaming in his eyes and a sexy grin that made my stomach flutter and my knees turn to Jell-o.
Chapter Three
“Did you lose this?”
I finally tore my gaze away from those gorgeous blue eyes long enough to notice what he held cradled in his arms.
“Kiki!” The cat began to squirm, so I swept him up out of Walker’s grasp before he could escape again. “Oh, thank you, thankyouthankyouthankyou, for finding him!” Realizing he was trapped, Kiki started up a hopeful purr and I nuzzled his gray-furred head with my nose. “You’re such a bad boy. I’m locking you up in my room for the rest of the week.”
“I’m not that bad, but if you want to lock me up in your room, who am I to argue?”
As I glanced up in shock at his comment, Walker’s teasing grin set off an explosion of butterflies in my stomach. My face burned with a blush, and I looked down towards my sneakers trying to hide it.
“I was talking to Kiki.” I said lamely.
“Lucky cat.”
“Thank you again for bringing him back.”
To my surprise, Walker gently tilted my chin up with his fingers so that I was snared by those amazing eyes again. My breath caught while my heart pounded wildly at his touch, and for just a second I thought he was going to kiss me. Instead his grin softened into an odd little smile, and he gave me a playful wink.
“It was my pleasure, Delaney. I’ll let you get back to unpacking. See you around.”
I watched him walk away, too stunned to do anything but stand there frozen in the doorway with Kiki clutched tightly to my chest. Finally, as Walker disappeared back into his own house the spell was broken and I closed the door. I stumbled upstairs, half-blinded by afterimages of his brilliant blue eyes. It wasn’t until I collapsed on my bed with my door firmly shut so Kiki couldn’t escape again that it struck me.
How had Walker known my name? 
Okay, our high school wasn’t that big, but we’d never had any classes together or anything. We hadn’t spoken once in the two years that I’d been there. He was a year older than me, and he was one of the popular jocks. It wasn’t like we moved in any of the same social circles. I doubted that he knew my social circle, such as it was, even existed. So how did he know my name? And even if he’d heard it somewhere, why would he have remembered it?
But this was Walker Dean. He probably had a master list of every girl in our high school with their names and pictures on it, so he could cross them off once he’d scored with them. He’d seen a new girl move in next door and checked the list, and when he realized she wasn’t a prior conquest he came over to work his charm. That was probably it. For all I knew, he’d kidnapped Kiki just so I’d be grateful and think he was a nice guy for rescuing my cat. Then he could get through my defenses and…
What would I have done if he had kissed me?
But why would he? I was a sweaty, dirty mess. Why on earth would Walker want to kiss me? Even if I hadn’t been so gross, I wasn’t exactly his type. I wasn’t one of the hot, popular girls, and I didn’t go to parties or hang out with the jock groupies. I wasn’t experienced or exciting, and a little eyeliner wasn’t going to turn me into one of those girls, no matter how much it made the green in my eyes pop.
So why would Walker waste his time on a nobody like me when he could have any girl in school? With that uplifting thought, my ego crawled off to go hide under a rock and whimper. This move just got better and better.
My spirits rose a little when I was finally able to text my friends Dannika and Allison and tell them about my day. Somehow I sort of forgot to mention anything about Walker to them, though. The way I’d reacted to him had me more than a little worried, and I figured my best plan was to ignore him and do my best to pretend like he didn’t live in the house next door. Out of sight, out of mind. If it worked for dirty windows, why not Walker?
Besides, he was a senior and in a year he’d be going off to do whatever it was he was going to do when he graduated—probably play football or baseball for one of the big state universities. After that, I’d never have any reason to think of him again. It wasn’t like we were friends or anything. Surely I could avoid him for a year. Couldn’t I?
I was starving by the time Mom and Dad got home with the pizza, and we all ate in the living room because the dining room table was still sitting in pieces on the floor. The cable wasn’t hooked up yet, but then neither was the television so we were out of luck for entertainment either way. It just added another layer of suckiness to the day.
While he was sort of stuck listening to me, I pestered Dad about the size of my closet.
“I’ll see what I can do after we’re settled in,” he said. “If we can’t expand it, I’ll get you a wardrobe you can put in your room.”
“Where? There’s barely enough space for my furniture as it is.”
“Not now, Delaney,” Mom groaned as she pulled herself to her feet and took her plate to the sink. “Can you just give us a little time to get organized here before we have to worry about knocking holes in the walls?”
“Okay, fine.”
When she turned on the faucet, a sorrowful moaning noise rose from the pipes beneath the sink. I remembered the sound coming from my closet and shivered.
“Can Dannika and Allison sleep over? Since there’s no television and this place is all kinds of creepy, I’d really like some company tonight.”
Mom shook her head. “No.”
“But Mom…”
“Everything is a mess, nothing is unpacked, and there’s nowhere for them to sleep except on the floor.”
“Please?”
“They can come over tomorrow night. Things will look a lot better then.”
I could tell she wasn’t going to budge, and the thought of having to stay in that room all by myself stole my appetite. With a sigh, I put away what was left of my pizza and trudged back upstairs. I was really beginning to regret all of the horror movies I’d watched over the last couple of years.
When I let myself into my room Kiki was sprawled out on his back on my bed. His light snoring soothed away some of my anxiety, the sound a familiar, comforting reminder of home. It gave me the courage I needed to get hold of myself. I was going to deal with this. After all, I was about to be a junior in high school. I was too old to scare myself silly over some stupid, old house.
Since I couldn’t unpack the rest of my clothes, to give myself something constructive to do I set about organizing the books on my shelves. By that time it was late evening, and even with the long summer days the light coming through the windows was dimming to a dull red-orange. Outside, the evening breeze from the Gulf picked up, moaning and whistling past the eaves of the house on its way inland. Its mournful wail gave me chills, but I shrugged it off. It was just the wind.
The awful scratching and squealing like a giant running its fingernails down a chalkboard that followed was definitely not the wind. My heart leaped to my throat and I froze with a book in my outstretched hand. Slowly I turned my head towards the sound and realized it had come from outside. Outside was good. Outside wasn’t inside, which meant that whatever was making it wasn’t in the room with me.
Cautiously I tiptoed over to the window and held my breath as I peeked out. The large oak tree outside my room had grown close enough over the years so that it rubbed against the side of the house whenever the wind blew just right. My shoulders sagged as I heaved a sigh of relief. Once we were settled in and Dad had some free time I’d get him to lop off some of the limbs and take care of that.
I had started to turn back to my books when I heard voices coming from the yard next to ours. With a start I realized that was Walker’s yard. From where I was standing I could look down on their pool—nice—and perfectly manicured back yard. I could also see Walker stretched out on a deck chair by the pool, where he was having a conversation with someone hidden by the fence. I felt a sharp twinge of guilt for spying, but not enough to stop me from rising up on my tiptoes to try to see who else was there.
She chose that moment to saunter out towards the pool, and even in the fading light I could tell she was gorgeous. The wind stirred her long, perfectly straight ash blonde hair, which she swept back from her face with an impatient hand. She was tall, only a couple of inches shorter than Walker, and wearing a pair of ripped skinny jeans that made her look even taller, while her tight cropped top seemed tailored to show off her boobs. For a moment I wondered whether Walker might have a sister, but then she perched on the edge of the chair beside him and laid a possessive hand on his chest. Definitely not a sister.
When she tilted her head back to laugh I recognized her, and for some reason it made me ache inside with an awful, hollow feeling that I’d never felt before. London Matthews was a cheerleader, one of the hottest girls in school and up at the very top of the popularity pecking order. Seeing her with Walker shouldn’t have surprised me in the least. A guy like Walker would always have his pick of the Londons of the world—that was just how things worked. The inevitability of it didn’t make me feel any better, though.
I turned away from the window and went back to my books, but I couldn’t make myself focus. For some reason I kept getting distracted by thoughts of laughing blue eyes and the warm touch of Walker’s fingertips on my chin when he tilted my face up so that I’d look at him. The thought of him touching London now with those same fingertips made my stomach hurt.
Why had he brought my cat back? Why had he touched me? Had he just been killing time until London came over? Since he knew who I was, maybe he also knew that I wasn’t exactly the most social girl in school. Had he come over to see if he could make poor, little Delaney blush and get all flustered by a crumb of attention from a boy? I slammed a book into its place on the shelf loudly enough to startle Kiki, who rolled over with a reproachful glare.
“Sorry,” I muttered.
I didn’t understand what had come over me. Nothing Walker did had anything to do with me. I didn’t even really know him—and I was pretty sure that I didn’t want to, no matter how many times he rescued my cat.
Tomorrow I’d find the box that had my curtains and hang them up in that window so I wouldn’t even be tempted to look through it again. Out of sight, out of mind. If I said it often enough, I might even start believing it.
Later that night I lay in bed with a book and tried to ignore the noises which surrounded me. The house whispered and muttered to itself in low groans and creaks like some deranged mental patient. Outside, the breeze continued its lonely wail as it slithered along the eaves. Every now and then it would build up to a good gust, and the scratching of the tree branches against the wall would jolt me out of my book with my teeth set on edge.
I wasn’t even trying to sleep. My only goal was to make it through to morning. Every light in my room was blazing, and I was reading with the covers pulled up to my nose. Kiki lay nestled against my side, a warm but dubious comfort against the fears of this strange, disquieting new place.
It would have been nice to have something a little more substantial for protection than my chubby cat. An image of Walker popped into my head, broad shouldered and oozing confidence. That fluttery feeling started in my stomach again, and I pulled the covers even closer around me. In some ways, Walker was a lot scarier than anything I’d seen or heard in this house.
That didn’t stop me from dreaming about him when I finally did fall asleep.
Chapter Four
It was summer so I didn’t have to set an alarm, but the bright, golden sunlight blasting into my room did the job just as well. I cracked open one eye and squinted into the glare with a word Mom would still threaten to wash my mouth out with soap for, then rolled over, almost squishing poor Kiki in the process. I had to get my curtains up today.
Just as I started to pull a pillow over my head to block the light out, loud music began to thump through the wall, followed by the thunderous drumming of water from the shower near my head. Great. Shelly was up, so there was no chance I was going back to sleep.
Still only half-awake, I dragged myself out of bed then winced as I stood up and every muscle in my body shrieked in protest. Just when I’d thought I couldn’t possibly hate moving more. Biting my lip, I bent and rooted through the piles of clothes scattered on the floor until I found a pair of denim shorts and a clean t-shirt. I had to do something about organizing my clothes today, too. My stomach growled as I pulled the t-shirt over my head, reminding me that I’d given up early on dinner the night before.
I caught my reflection in the mirror leaning against the wall—I needed to get Dad to mount that on my dresser—and made a face. I had raccoon eyes from not washing my eyeliner off the night before, and my hair looked like small animals might be nesting in it. Looking great today, Delaney.
At least no one but my family was there to see me, and they weren’t supposed to judge me based on how I looked. Although thinking back, Mom sure seemed to do it a lot. What have you done to your hair? Are you really going to wear that out? Honestly, Delaney, you look like you were dressed by a blind person. Oh, well. They could just deal until after I’d had breakfast and got to soak in my own long, steamy shower.
I went to the kitchen and rummaged around, but most of the stuff for the pantry was still packed away and digging for it was more trouble than I was willing to go to. My pizza box was still where I left it, though, so I grabbed that and a soda and went back to my room because there wasn’t any point in staying downstairs while the cable still wasn’t hooked up.
While I chewed on cold pepperoni pizza I checked my phone, but there were no new texts. It was too early for Dannika to be up—we had a theory that she’d turn to dust if the sun hit her before noon on a vacation day—and Allison was at the gym. She’d taken up working out like religion since some jerk had made a rude comment about her in her bikini over Spring Break. The stupid thing is that Allison is totally gorgeous and the guy was full of it, but she’s been self-conscious about it ever since so she hits the gym almost every single day.
I looked down at my pizza, guilt stirring lazily as I recalled how critically I’d examined myself when I’d tried on my bikini the week before. Maybe I should go to the gym with her a couple of days a week, especially since it was summer and we could hang out at the beach as much as we wanted to now. My inner laziness won out, though. I’d gotten enough of a workout hauling those stupid boxes around to last me for a while.
As I drained the last of my soda, a noise from outside drew my eyes to the window. The urge to check and see if Walker was there tugged me to my feet even as good sense shrieked that it was a bad idea. I’d sworn I wasn’t going to do it anymore, but a second later I was peering guiltily down into Walker’s yard again. Apparently my willpower where Walker was concerned was right up there with my ability to say no to cake donuts.
This morning he was shirtless, wearing a pair of running shorts and sneakers while he jumped rope. Somehow I wasn’t surprised to see him taking advantage of the coolness of the morning to get in a workout. He was a jock, after all.  It was the rhythmic thwack of the rope against the cobbled patio by their pool that had caught my attention.
As I watched in fascination he put away the rope and started doing curls with a set of barbells that I doubted I could lift off the ground with both hands. Even from this distance I could see his muscles rippling, and the early morning sunlight turned his tanned skin to a golden bronze. I couldn’t tear my eyes away. The boy was so beautiful that it made my heart hurt to look at him.
Of course London was beautiful, too, which made them a matched pair. Reminding myself of that sent jagged shards of pain slashing through my heart, which was so stupid. Why was I obsessing over him this way?
Why had he touched me? Why had he brought my cat home? Why had he smiled at me and teased me? Why couldn’t he have just left me alone?
I stood there, hiding in the shadows, afraid he’d look up and see me watching. It was bad enough playing Peeping Tom this way, but if he caught me I’d just die. No doubt he’d tell all of his friends, and from there it would spread like wildfire. For the next two years I’d be known as Lurking Laney or Delaney the Peeper. I was going to have to get those curtains up ASAP. In the meantime I made myself step away from the window and solemnly swore once again to stop spying on Walker before it got me into trouble. 
About an hour later I was downstairs in the living room rummaging through boxes looking for my curtains. I’d looked everywhere for them in my room with no luck. What had I done with them? I blew my hair out of my face with an agitated huff. Maybe I should have been a little more descriptive with my labeling. Delaney’s Stuff wasn’t very helpful.
My head snapped up as I heard the screen door slam at the house next door, and my gaze shot to the window. Walker had changed into a pair of cargo shorts and a t-shirt and was talking into his cell phone as he headed towards his truck. He paused for a moment with his hand on the door while he looked around, and I backed deeper into the room so I’d be out of sight if he glanced my way. After a moment he climbed inside and drove away, and I let out the breath I’d been holding without knowing it.
“What are you doing?”
I jumped about six feet and spun around to find Mom standing behind me with her fists planted on her hips.
“Nothing. And don’t sneak up on me like that.”
“Were you spying on that guy next door?”
“I was not! I just didn’t want him to see me.”
Mom rolled her eyes. “What’s wrong with you?”
I gestured at my still unshowered body and the tangled mess of my hair. “Hello. I look disgusting.”
“Okay. If you say so.” She paused for a couple of seconds and then shook her head. “Why don’t you just go over and talk to him like a normal, sane person?”
All I could do was stare at her. My mom had lost her mind. “Um, no. I don’t think so. It doesn’t work like that.”
She shrugged. “Suit yourself,” she muttered and walked off towards the kitchen.
Relief blew through me like a cool, soothing breeze. I’d been afraid she wouldn’t just let it drop. The last thing I wanted to do was talk to my mom about boys.
For the next half hour I poked through the living room, digging through all the boxes that were mine until I finally found my curtains. I was just trying to decide if I could sweet talk Dad into putting up the rods for them when Walker’s truck pulled back into his driveway.
He got out with a couple of plastic sacks of groceries, and I watched in helpless fascination until he disappeared back inside his house. Even though there was no one to see, I flushed from a mix of guilt and shame. Was this what not having cable or Netflix had reduced me to—spying on my hot neighbor? My new summer entertainment was being a weirdo stalker?
When Dad got my curtains up later that day I made another long string of solemn promises that I was going to stay away from the window and stop creeping on poor Walker, who really hadn’t done anything at all except be nice enough to return Kiki. The boy already had every girl in town hounding him. He didn’t need me stalking him, too.
I was stretched out on my bed texting Dannika and Allison when a sound like a sick duck choking to death came from out in the hallway. I glanced up, and then turned my attention back to my phone. Honestly, I didn’t even want to know.
Mom’s voice pulled me away again. “Delaney! You have a visitor.”
That awful noise was our doorbell? With a groan I rolled off of my bed and set my phone on my nightstand. Why couldn’t Dad have just torched the place for the insurance money and moved us into a real house?
I stopped with my hand on the door knob when it struck me that I had no idea who could be downstairs wanting to see me. Emily had moved to Colorado. I was texting Allison and Dannika, so it couldn’t be either of them. A slow shiver of anticipation climbed down my spine. What if it was Walker again? My hand flew to my hair while my stomach dropped past my knees.
At least this time I’d showered. That had to count for something.
To my relief it wasn’t Walker, though. The girl standing by the front door with my mom looked almost like a doll—tiny with bouncing, golden curls and a pixie face. As I came down the stairs she turned a pair of big, blue eyes towards me.
Mom looked up with a smile. “Delaney, this is Molly from across the street. She’s going to be a junior next year, too.”
Molly Powers. I knew who she was, although I didn’t really know her. We’d never had any classes together or anything, and she was really quiet and kept to herself most of the time. From the way people talked about her being so shy, I could hardly believe she’d come over to see me on her own.
Rumor also had it that she was the poster child for every dumb blonde joke that had ever been made. People were just mean sometimes, though, and I wasn’t sure if it was really true or not.
“Hi, Molly.”
A hesitant smile flickered on her lips. “Hi. Um, I’ve seen you around at school, so I thought I’d come by and say hello once you got moved in.”
Mom beamed down at her. “Why don’t you show her your room, Delaney, and I’ll make some cookies. Chocolate chip?”
I couldn’t resist chocolate chip cookies fresh out of the oven and she knew it. It isn’t as though I would have been rude anyway, but Mom wasn’t taking any chances. I felt like I was back in elementary school again, and she was pushing me to make friends by setting me up on play dates. Well, why not? Looking over at Molly, I found myself smiling. I could always use another friend, and she had been nice enough to come over.
“Come on,” I told her. “My room’s upstairs.”
As I led the way, I glanced back. “Sorry, there’s not much to do yet. The cable won’t be hooked up until tomorrow, which means no Netflix or television.”
“That’s okay. If you’ve got a show you want to watch, you’re welcome to come over to my house.” She laughed. “I know I’d go nuts if I had to miss Walking Dead or Game of Thrones.”
“Yeah, I’m a Walking Dead fan, too.”
“You should come over so we can watch it together. It’s more fun with other people.”
I hadn’t thought of that. Of course none of my friends were as fanatic about it as I was, so I just watched at home and tried to get Shelly to shut up about her crush on Daryl long enough for me to actually hear the show. Watching with someone else who enjoyed it as much as I did sounded like it could be fun.
“So what do you think of the house?” Molly asked as we got to my room. “Ours is a lot like this one.”
“It’s totally creepy, and everything is too small.”
She laughed as she looked around the room and nodded. “You got ripped off on closet space too, huh?”
I liked her laugh. For some reason she was giving off a completely different vibe than she did when she was at school—not as shy, and certainly not dumb. I’d only just met her, but my initial reaction was that she was someone I could be friends with. I hoped it worked out that way. While I loved Allison and Dannika, I missed Nikki terribly and I’d start to feel better about the move if it meant I could have a friend right across the street again.
Molly walked over to the window and twitched aside the curtains, a knowing smile forming on her lips as she looked down.
“Well, you may be short on closet space, but you’ve got the best view in the house.”
My face heated with a blush. “I don’t…”
“Don’t give me that, girl. You’d have to be blind and a saint not to want to look at Walker. He’s serious eye candy.”
“Except that seeing him means having to see London Matthews, and I can live without that.”
Her smile vanished as she wrinkled her nose in distaste. “The Skank Queen is back? I thought she’d given up on him.”
“She was over there last night. And from the way she was acting they must be dating.”
To my surprise Molly burst out laughing. “I don’t think so. Walker doesn’t date.”
“He doesn’t?”
“He hooks up. He makes out with girls at parties and sometimes at school. He flirts a lot. But he never dates—no matter how hard London tries. They just hooked up one time at a party, and now she’s trying to make it into a thing. Walker won’t do that, though.”
I frowned, a little dubious after seeing them together. “Are you sure? I mean, it seemed like there was something going on there.”
“Did you actually see Walker do anything to encourage her, or was it all just London?”
I thought back. He’d been passive, and I hadn’t seen him touch her or anything. For some reason that made me feel like I was about ten pounds lighter and I could float around the room.
As Molly watched the emotions playing over my face, her eyebrows rose. “I think someone has a crush on her new neighbor.”
I tried to feign surprise. “No! I mean, I don’t even know him or anything.”
“Uh huh. Well, if you’ll take a little unsolicited advice from the girl who has been living across the street from him for the last year, keep hold of your heart when Walker is around. That boy will break it before you even realize what’s happening. He won’t do it on purpose and he’ll feel bad about it after, but that won’t help you any when you’re crying your eyes out at three in the morning.”
That wasn’t what I wanted to hear, and I shuffled my foot around nervously. “He seems nice.”
Molly nodded sagely. “That’s because he really is nice. That’s what makes it so hard. He makes you want to swoon for him. But it’s no use. He just doesn’t do relationships. He’ll play around with a girl, but as soon as he gets bored, she’s history.”
“When you say it like that, he sounds like a jerk.”
She shrugged. “He’s not, though. He just doesn’t see why people make such a big deal out of the whole relationship thing. The thing is, he’s never been in love.”
My eyes narrowed in sudden suspicion. “You sure seem to know an awful lot about what he thinks.”
Molly looked back out of the window, her gaze focused far away. “We talk sometimes. I don’t have any friends at school, and he knows that so he’s nice to me. Plus I don’t trip all over myself trying to get him to kiss me,” she added with a grin. “I think he likes having a girl around who isn’t all after his hotness. It gives him a chance to relax.”
My thoughts drifted. Could I do that? Just turn off that part of my brain and hang out with Walker and be friends? We could sit down and talk about… What? Goose bumps crept across my skin as I remembered losing myself in his eyes. Maybe if I never looked at him it could work.
No, it was too dangerous, especially if he really was as nice as he seemed. I’d end up falling for him, no matter how hard I tried not to. He was so gorgeous that I was halfway there already, and I couldn’t deny the longing I felt when I looked at him.
But I wanted a boyfriend—someone I could hold hands with while we walked to class, someone who would be crazy about me, someone who I could dream about finding forever with. All Walker could give me was a little taste of his lips and a whole lot of heartache. Molly was right about that. Some dark, demented part of my brain just wouldn’t let it go, though, and it was that tiny voice in the back of my mind that I heard whispering again and again until I finally fell into a restless sleep that night.
Wouldn’t it be worth it?
Chapter Five
“So tell us all about Walker.”
Dannika bounced up and down on my bed, her eyes sparkling with curiosity. Down on the floor, Allison left off sorting a jumble of Monopoly money into neat piles and rolled over to add the weight of her gaze to Dannika’s. The two of them were eyeing me the same way Kiki watched the birds that perched in that oak tree by my window. If they’d had tails, no doubt they would have been lashing them.
I leaned back against the wall and feigned an indifferent shrug. “What’s there to tell? I only saw him for like two seconds.” Well, those two seconds and every single time I’d closed my eyes since. “He found Kiki wandering in his yard and brought him back. That’s all.”
Allison sighed. “That was so sweet of him. Was he nice?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
He had lifted my chin up and I thought he was going to kiss me. That would have been nicer.
Dannika grinned at me. “So he was nice. But was he hot?”
“Duh. Of course he’s hot. He’s Walker Dean.”
“Well, I think you should go for it,” she said.
My jaw dropped. “Have you lost your mind? The guy has cheerleaders following him around like puppy dogs. He’s way out of my league. Compared to them I don’t even have a league.”
She tilted her head and thought about it, one fingernail tapping against her teeth. “Well, you do live next door to him. That gives you the inside track.”
“I don’t follow.”
“It gives you the perfect opportunity to put yourself in front of him every chance you get.”
I sighed and cast a pleading glance at Allison, who could only shrug. Dannika was a self-appointed matchmaker. She wanted everyone to have their perfect happily ever after ending with the boy of their dreams. This was despite the fact that she was hopelessly in love with her ex-boyfriend, who she wouldn’t take back no matter how hard he begged. They had both been miserable during the past year and everyone knew it.
“Look, there is nothing between me and Walker, and there’s not going to be. London Matthews is after him! Like I can compete with that. And,” I continued, holding up a hand to forestall her objections, “even if I did go for it and was able to convince him to give me the time of day, there’s no happily ever after to this story. Walker never sticks with any girl for more than about five minutes. Do you really want me to get all hung up on the guy just so I can get my heart broken when he dumps me?”
“She has a point, Dan,” Allison said, sitting up.
Dannika dug in and wouldn’t let it go. “But what if he didn’t dump you?”
“He always moves on to greener pastures.”
“Maybe that’s just because he hasn’t tried your pasture yet,” she said, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively.
Allison started to giggle, and I couldn’t help laughing, either. “You’re awful,” I told Dannika.
“You know what I mean.”
“As if. Walker isn’t going to fall for me. I’m not anything special. I mean, the last guy I kissed was back in the eighth grade.”
“Well, then you’re way overdue to be kissed again.”
Allison nodded in agreement. “You’re too hard on yourself, Delaney. I know guys have asked you out. You should stop being so picky and say yes now and then.”
“I thought I was supposed to be picky and not just settle for whoever came along?”
Dannika grinned again. “Would you settle for Walker? If he came over and asked you out, would you tell him yes?”
Wouldn’t it be worth it? I shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe? Yes, I guess.”
“See?”
“It doesn’t matter. It isn’t going to happen. He doesn’t even know I exist.” Except he already knew my name.
“Give it up, Dan,” Allison said. She finished arranging the pieces around the Monopoly board and looked up at us. “Are you two ready to play?”
“Let’s wait until the pizza gets here so we don’t have to stop in the middle of the game.”
She frowned a little, a Monopoly junkie wanting her fix, but gave a reluctant nod. “All right.”
“I wish you were going with us,” Dannika told me. “Vacation at Grandma’s won’t be the same without you.”
That was why we were having the sleepover—to have a last get together before they both left for two weeks. Well, that and so I wouldn’t be sleeping by myself tonight in this house I was still pretty sure was haunted. Hopefully there would be safety in numbers.
I’d invited Molly to come over, too, but she’d told me she already had plans. I wasn’t sure if she was telling me the truth or if she was just displaying the same shyness she seemed to suffer from at school. I’d try again, though. I wasn’t giving up on her. I promised myself I’d drop by her house the next day for a Walking Dead fix. While I had stacks of zombie movies handy, Dannika refused to watch anything scary. Considering that I lived in a haunted house now, skipping the horror movies was probably a good plan anyway. There was no point in giving the ghosts any ideas.
“I wish I was going, too, but I’m stuck babysitting Shelly since Mom and Dad are both working this summer.”
“At least they’re paying you for it,” Allison pointed out.
“Yeah. Not a lot, but it’s sure better than nothing.”
The doorbell gave its dying duck call, which sent both of my friends into gales of hysterical laughter.
“I’ll go get the pizza,” I said.
Allison choked off her laughter and hopped to her feet. “Wait. I’ll come with you. You might need help carrying stuff.”
Dannika and I traded knowing looks and rolled our eyes.
“Fine. You can both come and hold the pizzas while I pay.”
I’d gotten an advance on my babysitting money from Dad to pay for the pizza. He was easier to work than Mom. A little pleading and batting my eyes was usually all it took. Allison bounded down the stairs two at a time and was lucky she didn’t slip and break her neck on the slick, threadbare carpet. When we got downstairs she was already standing beside the front door, dancing nervously from one foot to the other. I deliberately took my time, making a big show of slowing down as I got closer to the door until the look of anguish on her face guilted me back into normal speed.
The pizza guy smiled as I opened the door. He was tall, though not quite as tall as Walker, with black hair and mossy green eyes.
“Hi, Delaney. Allison.”
She squeaked out a Minnie Mouse on helium reply that might have been hello while I handed him the money for our pizza. He knew our names because we ordered a lot of pizza from the shop where he worked. Or at least Allison did. The reason why was standing in front of me counting out my change.
“Thanks, Seth.”
When I handed him back a ten for a tip he grinned. “Hey, thanks, Delaney. You just moved here, huh?”
“Yeah. This is day two.”
“It’s kind of a weird old place.”
“Tell me about it. I’m afraid to sleep without the lights on.”
I said it jokingly so that he laughed, but I would have died if he found out it was the honest truth.
“Well, I’ve got to make my next delivery. You girls enjoy your pizza.”
Allison’s dreamy sigh oozed with longing as he walked away, and as he pulled out of the driveway she smacked me in the arm.
“Ow! What was that for?”
“Why’d you tip him so much? Were you flirting with him?”
“I always tip him that much, you idiot.”
Frowning, she turned back inside the house. “Well, he didn’t have to act so happy about it,” she grumbled.
“Maybe if you answered the door for a change, he’d smile at you that way,” Dannika told her.
“No way. I can’t talk to him. When I try, my hands get all sweaty and my tongue forgets how to make words and my heart feels like it’s about to explode.”
I knew exactly how she felt—just like when I’d opened the door to find Walker standing on the porch.
Dannika shook her head. “You’re hopeless.”
“You should talk,” Allison snapped back. “Why don’t you just make up with Ashton already and stop driving everyone else crazy?”
I held up my hands. “Children! Behave yourselves or I’ll send you to bed without pizza. Now, let’s go play Monopoly and kill each other over that like civilized people.”
The next morning we got to sleep in, which was good because we had stayed up until stupid o’clock playing Monopoly, drinking hot cocoa, and talking about the boys—or the lack of them—in our lives. This is what happens when you don’t have cable or the internet.
Shelly had already eaten breakfast by the time we got up and was back in her room watching some animated movie while she talked to a friend on Skype. Without her underfoot, we were able to be our usual selves and worked up a major sugar rush from our cereal.
“So what are we going to do after you two come back from vacation?”
Dannika’s head popped up. “We should go to the seniors’ Fourth of July beach party.”
“We’re not seniors,” Allison pointed out.
“So? Maybe we can find some seniors to take us.”
“Like who?”
Dannika batted her eyes at me. “I’ll bet Delaney can sweet talk Walker into loaning us a couple of his friends for the night.”
“Will you lay off? I don’t know him, so it’s not like I can ask him for favors—even ones that might be realistic. Now, do you two want to help me?”
“Help with what?”
“I found my hammock out in the garage and I want to set it up in the backyard.” That way I could nap out there if I wanted to—safely in the broad daylight of the backyard where there weren’t any spooky noises or ghosts. At least I didn’t think so.
I was a little apprehensive as we carried it out back, but I figured it was late enough in the morning that Walker had probably already finished his exercise routine. If my friends found out about that, they would never stop teasing me about watching the Walker Dean Workout Show.
Together we stretched the hammock out to see how it would fit between the trees that were big enough to support it, before finally deciding on two old oaks that looked promising. Allison held up one end of the hammock while I went to work tying the other end around a thick trunk. Deciding that the two of us could manage the physical labor on our own, Dannika appropriated a lawn chair and set about supervising our efforts with lots of really unhelpful advice. She snickered as I finished up my first attempt.
“It’s all crooked,” she said.
I stepped around the tree and saw that she was right. How did that happen? Grumbling, I went back to the other side of the tree and picked apart the knots I had just tied. I struggled to keep tension on the rope as I adjusted it, but it was hard because I had to hold my arms up over my head while trying to tie off the ends of the rope. Who knew putting up a hammock would be so much trouble?
I finally got that side fastened to Dannika’s satisfaction and moved to the other end. This one was even harder to work with because the weight of the hammock kept pulling down the rope. Allison did her best to hold it up, but it was still a pain to get it tied right. Dannika’s laughter spurred me on, though, and with my jaw firmly set I pushed through and finished it off.
When I stepped back to look at the results, it seemed okay. That was basically how it had looked at the old house, anyway.
“Is that it?” Allison asked.
“I think so.”
“Sweet!”
The hammock stretched a little as she hopped into it. I stepped around the tree just in time to see the far rope spring loose to dump my friend onto the ground.
“Hey!”
Dannika exploded in laughter, and I couldn’t decide if I wanted to join her or go jump up and down in frustration on the loose rope.
“Oh, Allison,” Dannika gasped. “You should see your face right now.”
I helped Allison to her feet and dusted her off. “Maybe I should wait until Dad can do it.”
A deeper voice came from behind me. “You look like you could use some help.”
Allison gasped, and with a startled squeak I spun around. Walker was watching us from over the fence, his eyes dancing while an amused smirk played on his lips.
“Hang on,” he drawled. “I’ll be right there.”
Chapter Six
Before I could say anything, Walker had disappeared. The three of us traded glances, unsure of what to do, but only a few seconds later our gate opened and Walker stepped into my yard. At the sight of him my heart jerked and sputtered like Dad’s old lawnmower. He wore cutoff denim shorts with a faded concert t-shirt, and his dark hair was mussed and spiky on top. It should have been against the law for him to look so hot without even trying.
“I wasn’t spying on you or anything,” he said, shooting me a sidelong look from under his sooty eyelashes that made me wonder if maybe he’d seen me watching him, “but I couldn’t help overhearing. So what’s the problem, Delaney?”
I went all fluttery inside when he said my name, and my vocal cords stopped working. Weakly I waved a hand towards the end of the hammock which had come untied.
“Ah, okay,” he said. “That’s something I can work with.”
I glanced down at my ratty old pajamas and wished the earth would open up and swallow me before I died of embarrassment. Fortunately Allison and Dannika were too busy staring in stunned surprise at my neighbor to notice my blush.
Walker fiddled around with the ropes on both sides, gave the hammock a couple of experimental yanks, then turned back to me with a shrug.
“Only one way to be sure.”
He swung nimbly into the netting and stretched out, letting his arms dangle over the sides. The nylon creaked under his weight, but this time the ropes held fast.
“I think that will do it,” he announced with satisfaction. “We just need one final test.”
He crooked a finger at me, and the whole world seemed to shrink in on the two of us. My mouth went dry as dust, and I could feel my heart pounding harder and harder until I thought it was going to re-enact that chest-burster scene from Alien. I’m not sure how it happened, but somehow my feet moved on their own until I was standing right by the hammock.
Walker didn’t give me any chance to react. He reached out and caught my waist in his hands then effortlessly lifted me up. The world swung about and suddenly I was lying on top of him looking down into his eyes, falling forever into those bottomless wells of blue. It felt—perfect. Like everything in my life had been leading up to that one moment. Like I was home.
“See?” he whispered. “I think it’s safe.”
Oh, no. That was the one thing that it definitely was not. I would never be safe around Walker, because my heart would betray me every time. Panic squeezed at my chest, making it hard to catch my breath. I couldn’t fall for him. I couldn’t.
My expression must have mirrored my thoughts, because he gave a soft huff of laughter before gently lifting me out of the hammock and setting me back on my feet. My knees were so wobbly when I landed that I’m not sure how I managed to stay upright.
Walker rolled out of the hammock and beamed a cocky, satisfied grin at the three of us. “If you need any more help, just let me know.”
Before any of us could say a word in response, he vanished back through the gate.
The moment he was gone my friends turned in unison to stare at me, their eyes wide in disbelief. Dannika drummed her fingernails on the plastic arm of her chair as she inspected me, her lips drawn up in a pouty frown.
“I think someone has been holding out on us.”
Allison agreed with a sharp nod. “I think you’re right.”
I held up my hands. “I swear to you, this is only the second time I’ve ever had anything to do with him. When he came over to drop off Kiki we talked for about ten seconds on my porch. Now this.”
Dannika’s frown deepened. “Why do I find that hard to believe?”
It was hard to think straight, because my brain was still a jumbled mess from being in such close proximity to Walker. After what had just happened, though, even I couldn’t maintain that there was nothing going on with him. I had no idea what it was that he was up to, but that he was up to something was no longer up for debate.
“I don’t know what’s going on,” I insisted. “Maybe he’s just messing with my head because he can. Or maybe he’s got some scheme to use me to make London jealous. I don’t know.”
“That could make sense,” Allison admitted. “If Walker convinces London that he and Delaney have something going on, Laney living right next door to him would have to drive London crazy.”
Dannika still looked skeptical. “Maybe. He didn’t look like he was acting, though.” Her eyes bored into mine. “We’re going to be out of town for the next two weeks. You’re not going to accidentally forget to tell us if anything happens while we’re gone, are you?”
“No!”
“You’ll text us every single day, and if anything else happens at all between you and Mr. Sexy Pants, you’ll let us know. Right?”
I nodded eagerly, hiding my crossed fingers behind my back. “Absolutely.”
“Okay, then. Let’s go see if there’s any of that pizza left.”
Dannika’s mom came by to pick them up around lunchtime so they would have time to finish packing before they got on the road. Two weeks without them was going to bite, but at the same time I was kind of glad they were going. I didn’t know what this thing with Walker was all about, but I knew that I didn’t want to dig into it while the two of them had me under a microscope.
Most likely he was just playing me, teasing for the fun of it to see what kind of reaction he’d get. If that was the case, I wanted to be able to figure it out and get past it without my friends’ well-meaning interference and nagging advice making things harder. And if that wasn’t it…
Well, what else could it be? I shied away from thinking about the look in his eyes, the closeness of his lips as he’d held me in the hammock. Being so close to him had left me on the verge of melting into a puddle of Walker-worshipping goopiness, and that worried me. I couldn’t trust myself to be objective about anything where he was concerned. I needed to talk to someone else who might be able to offer some real insight into what was going on.
Molly had said that she talked to him sometimes. That sounded like a good lead to follow up on. I’d take her up on her invitation to go by later and watch some Walking Dead, and try to pry a little information out of her while I was there.
I waited until after dinner then went across the street, my nerves jittery from wondering if Walker was watching me from his house—as if he would want to spy on me! Even though I knew better, it made me scurry up onto Molly’s porch so I could get out of sight faster.
Her doorbell rang with a deep, pleasant chime like an old grandfather clock. It was warm and welcoming and about as far as you could get from the expiring duck noise ours made. A pretty, blonde woman who looked like an older version of Molly opened the door and smiled down at me.
“Hello.”
“Hi, Mrs. Powers. I’m Delaney—we just moved in across the street. Is Molly home?”
“Yes, come in. She’s in the game room.” She pointed towards a hallway that led into the heart of the house. “Just go down the hall, and when you get to the end it’s on your left.”
“Thanks. Nice to meet you.”
She beamed at me like I’d handed her a winning lottery ticket or something. “It’s nice to meet you, Delaney.”
It was baffling until I remembered that Molly didn’t have many—any?—friends at school. Had she had one single friend come by her house since they’d moved in a year ago? Just thinking about that made me sad, and I decided right then that if Molly wasn’t going to have a lot of friends, she was going to have at least one good one.
As I walked down the narrow hallway, I couldn’t help but notice how much nicer Molly’s house was. It was every bit as old as ours, but it hadn’t been neglected and left to decay for years. Even better, it didn’t give off that creepy vibe that I got every time I set foot in our house. It was almost enough to give me hope that by the time Dad and Mom got done with their renovations our place might just be livable.
When I got to the end of the hallway I heard voices. Molly’s mom hadn’t said anything about her having company, so I stopped to listen.
“He’s up on the second floor. Can you see him? No. He’s shooting out of the left window. You can just barely see him, but he’s there.”
It was Molly’s voice, but harder and with a strange edge to it. Curious, I tiptoed around the corner and peered into a darkened room that had a big television mounted on the wall facing towards me. The scenes on it looked almost like the news shows Dad watched sometimes about the Middle East, with people in camouflage outfits moving warily down a deserted street with bombed out buildings on either side. 
Molly’s voice rose sharply. “Quinn, he’s going to shoot you. Get back to cover now.”
A moment later, one of the figures on the screen jerked and fell backwards.
“Idiot,” she muttered. “Oh, well. I warned him. Jason, you and Trent pin that guy down. I don’t care how much ammo you have to burn through, just make him keep his head down. I’m going to work over to that dumpster and see if I can line up a shot.”
As my eyes adjusted to the dim light, I saw Molly sitting in a stuffed chair with her back to me. She wore a headset over her blonde curls and had some kind of controller in her hands.
“Okay guys, keep pouring it on. I just need a couple more seconds…”
She leaned to one side in her chair, almost as though she was peering around a corner or something.
“There,” she whispered. “Almost… Almost… Boom. Headshot.”
A man I could barely see tumbled back into the shadowy recesses of the upstairs room where he’d been hiding. I wasn’t sure what game Molly was playing, but it was hardcore and apparently she was good at it.
I stepped inside the room. “Molly?”
With the headset on she didn’t hear me. “Let’s clear the building. Jason, you take point and we’ll cover you. Dan, watch the streets behind us. I don’t want to get flanked by these guys again.”
When she shook her head and stretched, I tried again more loudly. “Hey.”
Her head swiveled towards the doorway, and her face lit up with a smile when she saw that it was me. “Oh, hi! What’s up?”
“I came over to see if you wanted to watch some Walking Dead, but it looks like you’re busy. I can come back some other time.”
“No, it’s fine. Hang on for just a few minutes and let me finish this up. It won’t be long, I promise.”
Interested despite knowing nothing about gaming, I sat down in one of the other chairs and watched her play. There were four of them on her team, not counting the guy who had gotten killed already. All of the others followed Molly’s orders as she guided them through the wrecked town.
She was like a completely different person here, calmly giving instructions and keeping track of everything going on at once. I couldn’t understand how she did it, because I was so confused that I could barely keep up. This was the girl that the whole school made all the dumb blonde jokes about? It didn’t make any sense.
True to her word, less than ten minutes passed before she told the other players goodbye and shut off the game. As she was signing off I caught her screen name—Valkyrie.
“So you’re a gamer, huh?”
“Yeah. When I’m not at school, this is usually what I’m doing.”
“I never would have guessed.”
Molly gave a sad little laugh. “You or anyone else.”
“Huh? They don’t know who you are?”
“No. They just know me as Valkyrie. See, I have really, really bad social anxiety,” she explained. “I can handle one-on-one with people I feel comfortable with or if I work really hard at it, but I can’t deal with groups or strangers. At school I mostly just shut down. It’s too much to cope with.”
I nodded, beginning to understand. “That sucks.”
“With this,” she said, waving a hand at her gaming system, “I don’t have to deal with people face to face, so it’s a lot easier. At least it’s better than being completely cut off from the rest of the world.”
“I’m so sorry.”
Molly shrugged. “Whenever I move to a new school it takes forever to get comfortable again. Since I’m quiet and never talk or answer questions in class, people tend to assume I’m stupid. It’s easier to just go along with them, because that way no one expects anything from me and they usually leave me alone. I like it that way.”
“But you came over to my house without knowing me.”
“Like I said, I can do one-on-one if I try really hard. You’ve always seemed nice at school, and having you right across the street was too much of a temptation. I wanted to talk to you.” She offered me a smile that was suddenly shy again. “So, how about watching some WD?”
She had the two newest episodes on her DVR, and while she skipped through the commercials I fished for information about my neighbor.
“So, Walker came by again today,” I said, attempting to sound casual.
Her eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Oh?”
“I was trying to put my hammock up in the backyard with Allison and Dannika, and we were having trouble. He heard us talking and came over to help.”
“Well, I told you he was nice.”
“You didn’t tell me he was some kind of super Boy Scout. That’s twice he’s been over in the two days since we moved in.”
“I don’t know that I’d exactly describe him as a Boy Scout.”
“Then maybe he’s trying to earn some good karma for all the girls whose hearts he’s broken.”
Molly snorted a laugh. “In that case he’s going to have to be over at your house to do a good deed three times a day every day.”
And wouldn’t that just be awful?
Together we watched both episodes, and I found myself liking Molly more all the time. She had a wicked sense of humor that kept us laughing the whole time I was there, but she was also a genuinely sweet person. It was a shame about her anxiety, but when Dannika and Allison got back I intended to try to ease her into our group. I knew that she and Dannika especially would hit it off—well, at least if Dannika backed off of her matchmaking crusade.
Afterwards I stuck around for a while longer while she played another online game. I was past being surprised at her, and when she turned out to be notorious in this game for her deadly skills and ruthlessness somehow it just made me more proud to think of her as a friend.
That night I traded a few texts with Allison and Dannika, but they were already all about their vacation and the cute boys they expected to meet, and so I kind of felt like an afterthought. I wished that I’d gone with them so I could meet some of those boys, too. But then I remembered Walker, so close that I could practically reach out and touch him, and stopped wishing quite so hard.
While I’d been over at Molly’s the cable guy had finally gotten us hooked up, so I had internet again along with being able to watch television in the living room. I plunked down on the couch and channel surfed for a bit, then went to my room and browsed through my favorite sites and my friends’ social media pages. Nothing would hold my interest, though, and my attention kept wandering. Again and again I found myself wondering what Walker was doing, just a couple of thin walls and a few feet away.
As though in response to my curiosity, the murmur of low voices penetrated into my room. It scared me at first, because it was almost midnight and my parents and Shelly were all asleep. The sounds were faint, but when I craned my ears they were definitely voices and seemed to be coming from Walker’s yard.
I’d been fighting the urge ever since I got home from Molly’s. I’d sworn that I was going to stop the whole Peeping Tom routine, but even as I berated myself I set my laptop down and went to my window.
As my fingers gripped the edge of my curtains, I realized that I ought to turn off the lights so no one could look up and see me standing there. The thought of being alone in the dark in my creepy new room at midnight took that idea right off the table, though. Maybe there weren’t really any ghosts in the house, but I wasn’t quite ready to risk it. If there were, I didn’t intend to give them a chance to grab me as soon as the lights went out. The worst Walker could do if he saw me was humiliate me. I figured ghosts could probably do a bit worse than that.
When I moved closer to the window frame and peered cautiously out, the voices got a little louder. It wasn’t possible for me to see much of anything, though, because the fence cut off my view from where I was standing. Slowly I inched my way over until I could make out two figures reclining on the deck chairs by Walker’s pool. In the dim light I couldn’t tell who they were, although I strained my eyes trying. Was it Walker and London? Or maybe his parents?
I shifted again trying to get a better view, and suddenly realized that they were both looking up towards my window.
Chapter Seven
My first thought was to duck, but instead I stood there frozen like a deer in the headlights. Before I could react they both stood up, and I could see that it was Walker and Molly. I thought that I was going to spontaneously combust from shame. Getting caught by either would have been bad enough, but both of them at once was too embarrassing to ever live down.
Both of them were gesturing towards me, though, and I thought I heard them softly calling my name. I wasn’t sure what to do. Since I’d already been caught there wasn’t much use in pretending that I didn’t see them, so I opened my window.
Molly’s voice drifted up to me. “Delaney! Come over.”
Over to Walker’s? No way. It was after midnight. It was Walker’s.
Then his voice followed, turning my insides to goo and my brain to mush. “Come on, Delaney. It’ll be okay.”
All of a sudden I wanted it so badly that it felt like I was being pulled towards him like a magnet. I wanted to go over there and sit in his backyard just inches from him, to breathe the same air that he was breathing. It was crazy. The boy was making me seriously crazy.
Unable to stop myself, I nodded. “Be there in a minute.”
I closed the window and drew the curtains while my stomach knotted. What was I doing? This was insane. I’d never snuck out of the house before. Maybe I was just going next door, but it was still sneaking out. My whole body was tingling with excitement, but I couldn’t stop the guilt and fear that bubbled up behind it.
What if I got caught? What if Mom and Dad woke up and I wasn’t home and they panicked and called 911? What if Walker and Molly were really a pair of psycho serial killers who lured pathetic girls like me into their clutches using Walker’s hotness as bait?
I shook my head at my own ridiculousness. Paranoia from living in a stupid haunted house was affecting my brain. I banished those fears just in time for a new wave of panic to set in.
What was I wearing? How did I look? It was dark, so he wasn’t going to be able to see much. And of course he probably wouldn’t care any more about me than he seemed to about Molly. He’d treat me as a friend the same way he did her, and what I wore and how I looked wouldn’t matter at all.
My hands were shaking as I traded my pajamas for a pair of shorts and tank top, put my hair in a ponytail, and snagged a pair of flip-flops. It was the best I could do on short notice, and at that moment I would have sacrificed my firstborn to look as put together as London.
Then with aching slowness I turned the knob and pulled my door open. The only sound in the house was the rattling whisper of the air conditioning, so I pulled the door closed behind me and started downstairs. Each step I took on the stairs caused a squeak and groan that seemed loud enough to be heard in China, and my heart stayed in my throat until I got to the front door.
By the time my fingers were turning the doorknob my pulse was a rising drumbeat through my body. Between the fear of being caught and the excitement of doing the forbidden, I was on a major adrenaline rush. I refused to turn back now, though, and in seconds I was standing on our porch in the balmy night air. That calmed me a little, so I stepped into my flip-flops and crept around the side of the house to where the gate went through the fence into Walker’s yard.
The grass brushed cool against my toes, and I stopped with my hand gripping the handle of the gate. There would be no going back after this. Taking a final deep breath for courage, I pushed it open.
Molly stood there waiting for me, her grin gleaming in the moonlight.
“I didn’t think you’d come.”
Walker’s voice rose from the darkness behind her. “I did. And Molly owes me a Mountain Dew.”
He had bet her that I’d come over? A burst of annoyance flashed through me at his assumption that I’d come running. He probably thought that I was tripping all over myself to get close to him. Well, even if I was he had no business making assumptions about it. Arrogant jerk.
“I came to see Molly,” I said.
She laughed and stuck her tongue out at Walker. “Ha!”
“All that matters is that she’s here. Pay up.”
“Fine. I’ll be right back.”
Brushing past me she disappeared through the gate, leaving me alone with Walker.
I stared after Molly, unable to believe that she had left me there with Walker after her earlier warnings about him. Was she trying to see how much trouble I would get myself into while she was gone? It was after midnight and it was just the two of us.  Slowly I turned back to face him, while my heart did strange little flips from my imagination running wild.
“Boo!”
I started and let out a little squeak of surprise.
His chuckle was warm and surprisingly gentle. “Relax, Delaney. There’s nothing to be so nervous about.”
That was easy for him to say. He wasn’t all by himself with the biggest player in the county. I wanted to play it cool, though, so I willed my muscles to unclench and managed to loosen up a little.
“Come on. Let’s go sit by the pool. You can have Molly’s chair.” His teeth flashed in the darkness as he grinned. “Unless you’d rather sit with me.”
Wetting my lips, I finally found my voice. “Molly’s chair is fine.”
With another low chuckle he turned and held out his hand. “Don’t want you tripping over anything in the dark. I’ve got weights and stuff out here.”
I sucked down a deep breath. Holding his hand was a bad idea, so very, very bad. My skin was all hot and my heart got fluttery and I wanted to melt into a puddle just thinking about it. So I decided not to think about it, and just did it.
I reached out and his fingers wove through mine. Warm tingles radiated from my palm all the way up into my arm, and I stumbled as my feet tried to tangle together.
“Careful.”
His voice was a warm whisper against my skin, and his grip kept me upright until I got my feet back under control. I tried to ignore the excitement bubbling through me as I followed him and concentrated on not falling on my face. As we stepped onto the concrete Walker released my hand and gestured towards a deck chair.
“Make yourself at home. Want a soda or something?”
“No, thanks.”
I settled myself and tried to ignore the way my hand missed his. It was ridiculous—I was about to be a junior in high school, and here I was acting like some silly sixth grader who’d never held hands with a boy before. Dannika and Allison would never let me hear the end of it if they found out.
I glanced around, keeping my eyes carefully away from Walker. I was afraid that somehow he’d see what I was thinking, what I was feeling, despite the darkness. The pool lights bathed the deck in flickering shadows that danced to the murmur of the rippling water. It was soothing, and I gradually relaxed as I realized that I could keep my roiling emotions hidden in that uncertain light.
“Do you two hang out like this a lot?” I asked him.
“Once every week or two is all. Molly won’t sneak out more than that.”
“I don’t blame her.”
He laughed and shifted on his chair. “It isn’t that she’s afraid to. She’s just too busy playing her games.”
“Seriously?” What girl in her right mind would pass up a chance to spend time with Walker for a game?
“Yeah. You know she’s famous at school? No one knows who she really is because she plays under a fake name, but all the guys who play those games are nuts about her. It’s kind of funny.”
I thought about that for a minute. “I don’t know. If they knew who she was, wouldn’t it be better? Then she’d have more people at school who understood her and liked her.”
“Nah. Molly can handle it when she’s anonymous, but her life would turn into one long panic attack if everyone knew and started making a big deal out of it.”
“I guess you’re right.” I was still determined to fold her into my little circle with Dannika and Allison, though.
“It’s nice of you to hang out with her. Especially considering what they say about her at school.”
I sat up in my chair and faced him even though I knew I shouldn’t. “But none of it’s true! She’s funny and smart, and nothing at all like what people say.”
“I know. And I’m glad you’ve decided to be her friend. Even with all the online games she plays, I know she’s been lonely. And I was worried about what she was going to do for company after I graduated.”
My heart was trying to melt again. Why did he have to be so nice?
Light and shadow dappled his face, but I could feel his eyes on me. “And how are you getting along?”
“Me?” I asked, flustered.
“Yeah. How are you settling into your new house? I notice your lights have been on really late. Are you a night owl, too?”
My lights were on really late every night because I didn’t like being alone in the dark in my room. That wasn’t something I wanted to admit to Walker, though.
“I’m still trying to get situated. My room is a lot smaller than the one I had before, so it’s going to take some getting used to. And since it’s a strange place I’m not sleeping much. I spend most of the night after my friends go to bed reading.”
“You’re welcome to come down and hang out with me whenever you want.”
“I wouldn’t want to bother you.” Not more than every night, anyway.
“I’m an insomniac, so I like to come out and look at the stars and enjoy the peace and quiet to bring myself down at the end of the day.”
“Does it help?”
“Yeah. Lay back and look up at the stars and just listen for a minute.”
I did as he said and let myself drift on the night. At the edge of town where we lived it got really dark, so a whole sea of stars glittered brightly overhead. It was late enough that there was almost no traffic noise to disturb the stillness. I listened to the gentle murmur of the water cycling in the pool, then gradually became aware of the sonorous buzz of the cicadas and the rustling whisper of the wind as it played hide-and-seek among the oak trees in the yard. My eyelids drooped shut and my body relaxed as a sensation of peace settled through me for the first time since before the move.
“I’m going to hate giving this up,” Walker said softly.
I opened my eyes and gave him a quizzical look. “Are you going away?”
“When I graduate next year. I’ll probably end up at one of the big schools where I can get an athletic scholarship. What about you?”
That was opening a big can of worms. I had no earthly idea what I was going to do. Dannika already had her heart set on A&M, but nothing was jumping out at me as a career choice and I was nervous about the idea of being so far away from home and everything I knew. Allison and I had talked about being roommates at the campus in Corpus, but I wasn’t even really sure about that. While the roommates part sounded like fun, it was hard to drum up a lot of enthusiasm over another four years of English, history, science, and math.
It wasn’t like I was stupid or anything. I did okay in school and was on the A-B honor roll a lot of the time, but I couldn’t honestly say that I enjoyed it. I might feel differently about it when I figured out more of where my life was going, but I couldn’t say for sure. This wasn’t something I’d talked about with Dannika or Allison, but something pushed me to be honest with Walker. Maybe it was because the whole situation was so surreal. Never in a million years would I have imagined that I’d be sitting by Walker Dean’s pool in the middle of the night while we talked about life.
“I have no idea what I want to do when I grow up,” I admitted. “I know I’ll have to do something, but I don’t know what. I just know I don’t want to sit in a cubicle in front of a computer for the rest of my life.”
“I hear that,” Walker agreed.
“What do you want to do?”
“Go to college and see if they can train me up to play in the pros.” He shrugged and turned his face back up to the stars. “It’s a long shot. I’m good, but I don’t think I’m that good. At least it will pay for school, though. If I can’t go pro, then I want to go into ranch management. There are a lot of ranches, and they need good people to run them. There’s a lot to it, and I wouldn’t be stuck inside a stuffy office all the time.”
I hadn’t ever thought about ranches being businesses before. To me they were mostly just a breeding ground for hot, rugged cowboys. But now that Walker had said it, I could understand what he meant.
“That actually sounds pretty cool.”
He looked back at me and his voice sounded surprised. “You think so?”
“Sure. I can see where it would be an interesting thing to do.”
“I’d really like to save up enough to have my own ranch some day.”
“Wouldn’t that cost a lot?”
“Yeah, it wouldn’t be easy. But my own ranch…”
The longing in his voice made me wish that I wanted something that much. I thought about it for a minute, and I could see him running a ranch. I could also see him playing professional football or baseball, though. Which dream would he decide to follow?
Molly’s voice cut through my reverie. “Did I miss anything fun?”
Walker replied in a lazy drawl. “Nah. We were just talking about what we wanted to do after high school.”
She tossed a can towards him and he snatched it out of the air. “Well, that sounds boring. I was hoping to come back and find you two smooching in the moonlight.”
I gasped in surprise, but Walker only laughed. “I think Delaney is as immune to my charm as you are.”
“That has to be a serious blow to your ego.”
His eyes cut towards me. “You have no idea.”
“Here,” Molly said, handing me a can. “I brought you one, too.”
I popped the top and took a long swig to hide my confusion. Walker really thought I wasn’t affected by him?
Molly planted herself in an empty chair and opened her own can. “Maybe you’re just not trying hard enough.”
“I didn’t know I had to try. I never did before.”
“Yeah, but Delaney’s not like the skanks you normally hook up with, either.”
Walker lifted his can to me in a mock toast. “I certainly hope not.”
Having them talk around me that way was annoying. I felt my face getting hot, and waved my hand. “Excuse me, am I still here?”
“Sorry, I was just teasing. Walker’s ego is the size of Texas, and it’s fun to pare it down a little when the opportunity comes up.”
“I’m not that bad.”
I took another cautious sip of Mountain Dew and tried not to gag on all the sugar. No wonder neither of them ever slept. “I doubt London lets his ego deflate too much.”
“You had to bring her up,” Walker groaned, and then he did a double take. “Wait. How do you know about London? You don’t go to those parties.”
“I have my ways.”
Molly gave an evil laugh. “You’re not going to be able to get away with your usual tricks with Delaney. She lives right next door.” Her voice turned sing-song. “She sees you when you’re sleeping, she knows when you’re awake…”
“That’s not fair.”
“Frankly it’s about time someone came along who can keep you honest.”
Walker’s gaze turned back onto me, and I got trembly at the heat in his eyes. “Yeah. She just might be able to do that.”
“Fortunately for her, she’s smart enough to see through you and not want the job.”
That was totally a lie. I did so want the job. I just didn’t want my heart frappéd in the process. But the more I was around him—every second I was around him—my defenses crumbled a little more.
His eyes were still on me. “Too bad,” he sighed. “I might have enjoyed her keeping me honest.”
He did not just say that. No, Walker was just messing with me again. It seemed to be his thing, and I couldn’t take it seriously. But I wanted to.
“You’re hopeless,” Molly grumbled. “You already have ninety-five percent of the girls in school fawning over you, but you won’t be happy until you get every last one.”
“Maybe I just don’t care about the ones who fawn all over me. The ones who don’t are so much more interesting.”
I was getting annoyed by them talking around me again. “Then why do you spend so much time with London?” I asked him sweetly.
“Because I can’t get rid of her,” Walker growled back. “She won’t take a hint. I’ve been trying to let her down easy, but she’s just not getting it.”
Molly shook her head. “She isn’t going to stop. I think you’ve finally met your match in stubbornness. Either way, Delaney deserves better than someone who runs through girls like a shark through chum.”
“That’s true enough,” he agreed.
I thought that he deserved better than a witch like London, even if he was a player. Or maybe he didn’t, and my judgment was all out of whack because of my conflicted feelings where he was concerned. I should have kept my mouth shut, but I found myself speaking out.
“It isn’t your fault you give them exactly what they ask for.”
Inwardly I groaned. Why was I defending him? He was an unrepentant heartbreaker. He was going to break my heart and I knew it, because my palm was still all tingly from holding hands with him earlier. Tingly was bad! But I couldn’t seem to help myself, even though I knew I was being an idiot.
It was hard enough when he was just the oh-so-gorgeous boy next door. Why did I have to go and start liking him, too?
Chapter Eight
I left pretty soon after that, my emotions in such a hopeless jumble that I couldn’t take any more. Molly walked me out, and I was glad because I probably would have tripped over my own feet again from distraction. My mind kept replaying Walker’s comments, trying to make some sense of them, so that I barely heard Molly say goodnight. I mumbled something in reply and hoped that she just wrote it off to me being tired.
When I slipped back into the house I held my breath, half expecting my parents to be sitting in the living room waiting for me. I needn’t have worried, though. Everyone was still asleep, and my absence had gone unnoticed. Relief lightened my steps as I hurried up the stairs to regain the safety of my room.
As soon as I closed the door the window was calling me, urging me to look out and see if Walker was still sitting by his pool. For once I resisted it, ruthlessly pushing my need to see him aside along with my elation at his words by the pool. Whatever Walker had said to me, no matter how he’d made it sound, he was only messing with my mind. The boy was a player, plain and simple. It was who he was, from his hair to his toes, and came as naturally to him as breathing. He probably didn’t even realize he was doing it most of the time, although the way he’d bantered about me to Molly made that an unlikely explanation when I considered it.
No, he’d known exactly what he was doing. Teasing. Flirting. Trying to work his charm on poor, flustered Delaney who hadn’t had a boyfriend or so much as kissed a boy since middle school. He was just having fun screwing around with me.
I kicked off my flip-flops and fell onto my bed, gripping a pillow tightly against my aching chest as though that could cushion my bruised heart. I could have handled it if Walker just hadn’t been so nice. It was obvious that he liked Molly and cared about her as a person, and he had seemed genuinely interested in me while we were talking alone. So why would he turn around and start in on me with his player routine after that? It made no sense.
I wiggled under the covers, worming my way around Kiki’s gray bulk in the middle of the bed, and pulled the comforter up to my nose. Why had Walker acted like he was going to kiss me? Why had he pulled me into the hammock with him? Why had he held my hand?
I wanted so badly to believe that it all meant something, but how could it? He wasn’t treating me any differently than he did the other girls he messed around with, was he? Wasn’t I just getting carried away and reading more into his actions than what was really there?
As my eyes closed and I drifted off to sleep, my last conscious thought was that Walker hadn’t flirted with Molly at all.
When I woke up the next morning I was convinced that I had imagined half of what I thought had happened the night before, and overreacted to the parts that had been real. The truth was that Walker seriously overloaded my hormones, and that apparently shorted out my brain. I was far from the only girl in town guilty of that, but I would just have to do a better job of keeping a grip on myself—and reality—around him. Molly had warned me how dangerous he was, and I had seen plenty of examples for myself at school.
Of course none of that stopped me from wishing that somehow things could be different, and as the day went on I couldn’t stop the hopeful butterflies that kept fluttering around in my stomach. Would Walker be out at his pool tonight? Would he invite me over again? Shivers of anticipation slithered down my spine at the thought of sneaking out. I wouldn’t have risked it for anyone but Walker, but for him I was willing to risk it as often as he wanted me to.
That night after everyone else was asleep I found myself waiting by my window, my heart drumming and my fingers trembling each time I twitched the curtains back in hopes of a glimpse of the boy who had begun to haunt me worse than any ghost could have. Was he hidden in the shadows below? It was so difficult to see down there because of the glare from my brightly lit room, but I was still reluctant to turn off the lights. So I stood there gazing out into the darkness while my heart ached with longing.
I felt like Juliet standing on her balcony. O Walker, Walker! My fingers tightened on the curtain as I giggled. Our families might not be feuding, but if Dad caught me sneaking out of the house in the middle of the night to hang out with Walker, he was liable to kill both of us. It would be worth it to hold Walker’s hand again, though.
Was he out there? I strained my eyes trying to penetrate the shadows in his yard and caught a flicker of movement. My breath caught, and my heart did a slow flip in my chest. It was Walker. He was standing near the fence looking up at my window—at me—and lifted one hand in a wave. When I waved back, he motioned for me to come down.
My heartbeat slowed to a deep, bass thump that pounded all the way down to my fingertips. I was going to do it. I was going to see him again.
It was easier sneaking out for the second time, but my heart still leaped into my throat as I tiptoed down the stairs accompanied by creaks that seemed loud enough to rouse the neighbors. For the last dozen steps I held my breath as I crept along, and by the time I made it through the front door and escaped into the safety of the night my lungs were on fire.
When I opened the gate to Walker’s yard he was there to meet me, a hand held out in invitation. With a little gulp I reached out and took it, shivering as the heat of his palm slid against mine to send a pulse of warm, lazy tingles up my arm just like last time.
“I wasn’t sure you’d come,” he said.
As if any girl wouldn’t if he asked. “Why not?”
He paused and gave me a searching look. “Because you’re a nice girl, and nice girls don’t sneak out of the house in the middle of the night to meet bad boys.”
I gave a breathless laugh as he tugged me through the gate. “Maybe I’m not that nice.”
“Yeah, you are. You’re just more adventurous than I thought.”
He released my hand as we stepped around the corner into the lights of the deck, and the loss of his touch left me feeling as though part of it was missing. My hand begged me to reach out and take his again, but I controlled the urge by sitting down on the chair closest to Walker’s and gripping my hands between my thighs. That was when I realized that we were alone.
“Where’s Molly?”
Walker shrugged and stretched out on his chair. “She’s playing in some online tournament tonight. It’s just you and me.”
Nervous prickles broke out all over my skin and left me covered in goose bumps. “Just us?” I squeaked.
“Yep.” He tilted his head to look at me with a grin that should have sent me running for home. “That’s okay, isn’t it?”
It was more than okay; it was a dream come true. “Sure,” I replied, trying to sound cool and nonchalant. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
“I don’t know. You just seem kind of nervous.”
Of course I was nervous. I felt like a bird who had wandered too close to Kiki. “It’s just the move. I’m a little tired and on edge.”
“I understand. So, have you snuck out before?”
He’d know if I lied, so there was no point in even trying. “No.”
“I told you that you’re one of the nice girls.”
I felt a flash of annoyance. “I’m not that nice.”
“It’s one of the things I like about you,” he said in a low voice, as though imparting a secret. “So I’ll try not to corrupt you.”
That was disappointing. I’d been hoping he’d try to corrupt me a little, at least. But no such luck. He leaned his head back to stare up at the stars.
“Have you always lived here?” he asked.
“Yep, my whole life. Never been further away than the Hill Country or Houston.”
“Do you want to go away?”
“Not too far, I don’t think,” I admitted. “This is home. It’s where my family is, and that’s important to me.”
And the thought of being far away and on my own without them was all kinds of scary, even if they tended to be annoyingly overprotective and acted like they didn’t get me at all sometimes. That was so lame, though. Who wanted to stay in a dinky little town like this forever while the whole world was out there? Certainly not Walker. He had bigger dreams.
“What about you?” I asked to turn the subject away from me. “Have you always lived here, too?”
He sat up with a surprised laugh and fixed his eyes on me. “You don’t remember, do you?”
His response caught me off guard. “Remember what?” I asked cautiously.
“I moved here during Christmas break in fifth grade to go to Victoria Mason Elementary.”
I blinked in confusion. I’d gone to Victoria Mason as well.
“My first day there I was in the office, and you came in to pick up your lunch that your mom dropped off. They were really busy so they asked you to show me where my home room was. But you gave me the whole tour—lunch room, playground, gym, library—before you dropped me off.”
“That was fourth grade for me,” I told him. “My Gramma died two weeks after we got back to school from Christmas break. Everything sort of faded after that. I hardly remember anything from that whole semester until summer vacation.”
I stared at him as what he’d said finally sank in. “You remembered that. You remembered me. Why?”
Walker grinned. “You were this cute little chatterbox with enormous eyes, and you were the first kid I met at my new school. I was really nervous, but after a few minutes following you around I knew everything was going to be all right.”
Awww. He had me feeling all warm and gushy inside with that. I thought hard and dredged up a vague memory of a tall, gangly boy who was all long arms and legs. I didn’t remember anything that I’d said or done, but I did recall the sober, uncertain look on his face and how I’d felt sorry for him.
“I’m glad it was you,” Walker added softly.
I gulped as my heart did that fluttery thing again. “Me, too.”
“Want to watch a movie or something?”
His change of subject left me gaping. “Huh?”
He nodded towards the house. “Would you like to come in and watch a movie with me?”
Excitement crackled through me like electricity. “Sure, I guess.”
Walker got up and opened the sliding glass door, gesturing for me to go in. “Lady’s choice,” he said, then winked. “Just no chick flicks.”
As I squeezed past him, I inadvertently brushed up against him and stumbled. Faster than thought his arm went around my waist to steady me, and I found myself lost deep in his eyes for long seconds while the heat simmering in the air between us grew hotter with every heartbeat. Finally Walker gave a little shake of his head and let me go.
“Come on—let’s go watch a movie.”
I followed him to their living room, my whole body buzzing and my brain foggy and sluggish like it had been doused in syrup. I could not figure out what was going on, why Walker was acting this way. Why did he keep playing this game with me? I dropped to the couch and tried to collect my scattered wits while he studied a stand full of DVDs.
“Anything you’d like to watch?”
My brain was hopelessly muddled. “I don’t know.”
“Well, what’s your favorite movie?”
“The Avengers,” I answered automatically. I’d watched it countless times to swoon over Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston.
His eyes lit up. “That works for me,” he said.
While Walker searched for it on the shelves, I watched him while trying to make it look like I was looking anywhere but at him. Somehow I didn’t think I was going to be paying any attention to Chris or Tom this time.
As the movie started, Walker turned to me. “You want something to drink? Soda? Tea? Bottled water?”
I didn’t want to have to ask him where the bathroom was or use the bathroom in his house the very first time I was there. “I’m good, thanks.”
With a shrug he sat down on the couch near me, but not too near me. He was actually kind of disappointingly remote. I tried to focus on the movie, but I kept thinking about having his arm around me, and that empty space between us on the couch practically begged to be filled. I was dying to scoot over and nestle up against him, to bury my face against his shoulder and breathe deeply of that warm, spicy scent I kept getting whiffs of whenever he moved.
But every time I glanced over at him, Walker’s attention seemed riveted on the movie. A tiny sigh whispered between my lips. Did he like me, or was I just delusional and making a big deal out of a whole bunch of nothing? If he liked me, why did he put so much space between us on the couch?
I jumped at the touch of his hand then held myself still as a statue as he gently wove his fingers through mine. Walker Dean was holding my hand.
“Relax,” he whispered.
Easier said than done. For the rest of the movie I sat there too afraid to move, barely willing to breathe for fear that somehow I’d ruin the moment and he’d pull his hand away. Finally the movie ended, though, and Walker stood up to go take out the DVD. My poor hand felt abandoned and lonely, and I hoped with everything I had that he’d hold it again when he finished putting the movie away. I wanted to keep holding hands with him all night.
“Want to watch another one?” he asked as though he could read my mind.
It was after midnight, but I wasn’t remotely tired. “Sure.”
When he held up his Age of Ultron DVD and waggled it questioningly, I nodded. “Yeah. Put it in.”
If he was asking me to stay for another movie, then he must not want me to leave, either. He could have called it a night, could have made any of a thousand excuses to get rid of me, but he hadn’t.
He wanted me to stay.
As the DVD started, Walker sat down on the couch again. Was he closer this time? I kept having trouble catching my breath with him sitting right there, where all I had to do was just reach over and touch him. The air felt heavy and ponderous, like when a big storm is on the horizon. More daring than I’d ever been in my life, I reached out and twined my fingers with his once more.
Chapter Nine
After a few minutes I worked up my courage enough to slide a little closer so that our arms weren’t stretched out in such an uncomfortable position. When I dared to look up at him, he was watching me with a teasing smile that left me overly warm and flustered. I was so out of my depth with him—I hadn’t had a boyfriend since middle school! It was like going from the Pee Wee league to the NFL in one step. But I wasn’t about to back away, and slowly I began to relax into the pleasant warmth of touching and being so tantalizingly near to him.
It had gotten really late, and at some point during the movie I must have dozed off. A noise from the television jerked me awake again. When I opened my eyes I was leaning against Walker’s shoulder without any idea how I had gotten there. Sitting up, I saw a dark stain on his sleeve. I had been drooling on him while I slept. Gross! I wanted to curl up and die.
“I am so sorry,” I groaned.
He smiled with a careless shrug. “Don’t worry about it.”
“I should probably get home before I zonk out and do anything even worse.”
“Why do you sleep with your lights on?”
My brain stuttered and ground its gears trying to shift to this new topic. “What?”
“The lights in your room stay on all night. I’ve seen it every night since you moved in. How come?”
I blushed, even more mortified than I’d been over drooling on him, but I felt compelled to tell him the truth even if it was embarrassing. “The house is creepy, okay? It looks like the set of a horror movie inside, and it’s full of weird noises and creaking all night. I just don’t feel comfortable there, yet.”
His fingers under my chin compelled me look up at him, but instead of the laughter I’d expected to see there was only understanding.
“New places can be hard to get used to. It was like that when I moved in here.”
“Yeah, but you were only ten,” I grumbled.
Walker snorted a laugh. “True. But nobody is going to think less of you if you get a little freaked out about moving into some weird old house.”
“You don’t know my family.”
“Well, I don’t feel that way. And they shouldn’t either.”
“Thanks. I’d better go.”
I moved to step past him, but his hand fell on my hip and stopped me. I was falling into the depths of those blue eyes again and my heart started racing like a scared bunny rabbit’s. Slowly he drew me against him, and our bodies met like two puzzle pieces coming together. As his free hand came up to cup my cheek, Walker looked down at me in muted wonder, almost as though he’d never seen a girl before.
His lips brushed mine, gentle as the touch of a feather, then with a soft sigh he slid his fingers into my hair and kissed me for real. His lips were warm and soft, and it felt like fireworks were exploding all through me. I melted against him, my arms wrapping around his neck, and heard myself moaning in the back of my throat as my knees forgot what they were there for.
How could something be so tender and so hot all at the same time?
When he finally pulled his lips away from mine, I thought I was going to melt into a puddle. There was a flicker of something in his eyes as I glanced up at him—satisfaction?
I wanted to throw myself at him. I ached to feel his arms around me and have his lips on mine again, but he let me slip away to rest with my back against the glass door, my chest heaving as I panted for air.
“Why?” I stammered. “Why did you do that?”
“Because I wanted to. I’ve been wanting to do it since the day you moved in.”
I took a deep breath and straightened my spine. “Well, you finally got it out of the way.”
His fingers brushed loose strands of hair from my face, so soft and gentle that it made me shiver. Longing stabbed straight into my heart, and I struggled against the warning in the back of my mind that insisted that this was a big, bad mistake.
“Stop freaking out, Delaney. I like you.”
The ache in my heart swelled. “You like a lot of girls.”
He gave a tiny shrug. “Not the way that I like you.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that I’m tired of London and of hooking up with girls like her. I want to try something different. And you’re as different from her as you can possibly be.”
We’d read parts of The Iliad in my literature class last fall. Beware of Greeks bearing gifts. I wanted what he seemed to be offering so badly, wanted him to go on holding me and kissing me like that forever. But this was Walker and I was so terribly afraid of what would happen. If he got bored and tossed me aside I didn’t think I could handle it.
“I don’t want to be one of your conquests.”
That made him laugh out loud. “I think that this time it’s the other way around. Here,” he said, handing me a scrap of paper. “That’s my cell number. Text me when you get home so I know you made it all right. And that way I’ll have your number so I can get hold of you when I start going through Delaney withdrawals.”
I nodded and put the paper in my pocket. I wasn’t sure what to say. Walker didn’t give his number out to girls he made out with at parties. Everyone knew that. Only girls like London ever got his number. Except now I had it, too, and I floated all the way home.
As soon as I closed the door to my room, I got on my phone.
Me: Home safe
Walker: Good. TTY tomorrow.
Me: Nite.
I flopped down on my bed and closed my eyes with a sigh. I’d held hands with Walker Dean while we watched movies. He’d kissed me. I had his cell number, and he’d texted me. Okay, so it was just one line, but still.
Dannika and Allison were going to kill me—slowly and painfully. How was I ever going to explain all of this to them? I had to start thinking up some way to tell them what had happened, even though I kind of wasn’t exactly sure myself.
I mean, I know what Walker had said—he was tired of London and wanted to try something different. But Walker was the biggest player in school, and boys like that are experts at telling girls exactly what they want to hear. Was he playing me now? Just because he was bored with London didn’t mean that he had changed his wicked ways. Maybe it only meant that he had changed targets.
But since Dannika and Allison were going to murder me when they got back, there wasn’t much point in worrying about Walker eventually breaking my heart. I breathed his name as I lay in bed, savoring the taste of it on my lips, and fell asleep reliving the tingling wonder of his kiss.
After being up so late, the next morning I slept in. It was pushing noon by the time I pushed Kiki off of me and crawled out from under the covers. I sat there for a moment, staring blearily down at my toes, and then as everything from the night before came flooding back I grabbed my phone. Was it all a dream, or had I actually gotten a text from Walker?
Not only was it not a dream, there was a new text waiting for me.
Walker: Good morning, beautiful
He’d sent it a couple of hours ago. It was real. I stared at the message in disbelief. It was all real. The movies. The kiss. All of it. All real.
I sent him a belated good morning in response then stumbled blearily downstairs. I wasn’t processing yet, and needed food to jump start my brain. Since Shelly was watching something lame on the television in the living room, I snuck breakfast up to my room. Mom had made cinnamon rolls and bacon, and I stuffed myself on that while I texted Allison.
She and Dannika had stayed out late last night at a dance and had plans to go swimming with some guys they had met there. Normally I would have been jealous, but I had kissed Walker Dean. I was pretty sure that topped anything they’d done or were planning to do. For about a half a second I considered telling her, but I wasn’t sure she’d believe me without some kind of proof. Would they believe a screenshot of the text messages, or would they just think it was a Photoshop? I had just made up my mind to let Allison in on the secret when Dannika dragged her off because boys, leaving me all alone again. It was probably for the best. I wasn’t really ready to tell them yet.
While I was stuffing the last of the bacon in my mouth, a loud banging noise from the direction of Walker’s house drew me to the window. I pulled aside the curtain and then had to squint as the bright, summer sunshine slapped me in the face. I was going to have to start keeping a pair of sunglasses on the windowsill.
Walker was standing by his back fence, hammering away at the boards there with a big rubber mallet. The old lady who lived in the house behind his had been a friend of my great aunt’s, and she had been the first person to come by and welcome us to the neighborhood as we were moving in. She was a widow and seemed lonely, so Mom had sat and talked to her for quite a while, even though we were on a deadline with the moving truck. Why was Walker destroying her fence?
After some more pounding a three foot section of the fence came free, leaving a wide gap connecting the two yards. Walker quickly shoved the fence aside and dashed back towards his house. When he returned he was pushing a lawnmower, which he managed to maneuver through the gap and into the old woman’s back yard at a run. It was actually kind of impressive. I probably would have slammed the mower into the fence on either side and knocked myself silly if I’d tried it.
What on earth was he doing? I watched bemusedly as he yanked the cord and began cutting the grass, still at a run. It only took a few minutes to finish the back, and then he dragged the mower through her gate to do the front. He finished that even more quickly, shoved the lawnmower back through the gap in the fence into his yard, and rushed to put the fence back together. Once that was done he disappeared with the mower.
I kept watching, hoping he’d come back and do something that would reveal what he’d been up to. After about five minutes the back door opened at the other house and the old woman stepped onto her porch. Dressed in a powder blue pantsuit and clutching a huge beaded purse, it was obvious that she’d just gotten home. She shook her head as she examined the yard, looking around as though she half expected someone to be hiding in her bushes. There was no one there, though, and she shrugged and went back inside.
Slowly it dawned on me. Walker had mowed her yard while she was away. She was a widow and had seemed pretty lonely. Maybe she didn’t have anyone to mow her yard for her? So Walker had done it—and secretly so that she wouldn’t know who had and couldn’t make a fuss about it.
My heart started getting dangerously squishy again. Why? Why would he do something like that unless he really was kind of a Boy Scout? I was beginning to think that Molly didn’t know him as well as she thought. It certainly looked like he’d done a good deed that he wanted kept secret, only now I knew about it, too. One of these days I was going to ask him about it.
Walker skipped his workout that morning, probably because of all the fence dismantling and rebuilding and the mowing he’d done. For me, it turned into a long, slow day. Dannika and Allison were out swimming and I doubted I’d hear from them until evening, while Molly was out running errands with her mom. With nothing else to do, I spent the rest of the morning playing around on the internet and getting more bored with each passing minute. I shut down my laptop with a frustrated sigh and grabbed the novel propped open on my nightstand. If I lost myself in a book, I wouldn’t be thinking about Walker or about my friends out having a good time swimming with hot guys.
While stepping out into the south Texas summer was a lot like venturing into a tropical jungle, it wasn’t too bad in the shade of the big oak trees in the backyard. I settled back in my hammock to relax. The soft afternoon breeze and drone of the cicadas drowned out most of the noise from around me, and before long I lost myself in the pages. It was a post-apocalyptic romance with angels, and the male lead was a badass, dark-haired angel who kept getting himself into all kinds of trouble because he couldn’t seem to stop doing things to help the girl lead—even though the angels weren’t supposed to be nice to people.
I kept picturing him as Walker with a pair of great, snowy wings. Beautiful Walker with a pair of beautiful wings, incredibly swoon-worthy and so head-over-heels in love with me that he’d challenge all the other angels to save me. He’d lift me up in his arms and hold me tightly to him while he carried me up into the sky where we’d fly together forever…
The sound of voices made me sit up in the hammock, blinking at the bright light filtering through the leaves overhead. With a guilty start I realized that I’d drowsed off while reading my book and had been dreaming of Walker. It was bad enough that I spied on him and obsessed about him when I was awake. Did I have to dream about him, too?
I recognized Walker’s now familiar voice and strained my ears to hear who he was talking to. It was hard to make out at first, but then I got it and my stomach turned into an icy ball of acid. London. They must be sitting by his pool, and Walker didn’t sound very happy. Getting closer to the fence might let me hear what they were saying.
I set my book down and tried to ease myself out of the hammock without rustling the branches of the trees it was tied to. Just as I slid one leg over the edge, though, the stupid thing tipped over and flipped me out. For a second I felt like I was flying, just like in my dream, until I smacked into the ground with a thump that rattled my teeth.
I lay there with my eyes closed while I got my breath back, grateful no one had been there to see and praying that no one had heard anything. Fortunately Walker and London seemed oblivious, their voices carrying on undisturbed. With a groan I picked myself up and dusted myself off, then tiptoed over to the fence.
There was a crack as thick as my little finger between two of the boards, and I pressed my eye to it. Walker’s yard sprang into focus. There was the pool, and the chair I’d sat in the night before. Walker was sitting up in his chair with his legs straddling the seat, his head turned towards the far side of the pool where London stood.
She was wearing a tiny red and black bikini that would have had every guy on the beach panting after her. As I watched her walk around the pool towards Walker, all golden skin and long legs and big boobs, my stomach lurched with a sickening flop. She might be a skank, but she was an incredibly hot skank. How could Walker possibly resist that? Every guy who saw her wanted her, and she was his perfect match. They went together like ice cream and sprinkles. Both of them were gorgeous, and she was going to be a senior, too. They’d be The World’s Most Perfect Couple.
So what if he’d kissed me? He’d kissed tons of girls. He’d kissed her, and anybody who wasn’t blind would rather kiss London than me. Probably after he’d kissed me Walker had realized what a letdown I was compared to London and couldn’t wait to lock lips with her again.
I turned away, unable to watch any longer, and stumbled back into the house. I didn’t even go back for my book. With my growing crush on Walker, knowing that stupid London was over there in that stupid bikini seemed to steal the sun right out of the sky. My whole day turned dark and dismal, and I flung myself down onto my bed to stare at the ceiling. If I was lucky, maybe a ghost would carry me off before my stupid crush on Walker got any worse.
Chapter Ten
Late that afternoon the day turned dark and dismal for real as a front blew in to fill the sky with gloomy, ominous clouds. The storm waited until after dinner to hit. I was sprawled out on my bed playing on my phone when the lights flickered and dimmed, and then a second later a blast of thunder shook the house and rattled the windows in their frames. I sat up with a squeak of surprise just as heavy raindrops began to stutter against the window panes. There would be no sneaking out to visit Walker tonight.
The soothing murmur of the rain took a little of the sting out of it. I loved a good rain, and the soft noise of a steady shower could lull me to sleep like nothing else. At least I’d get a good night’s sleep, even if I couldn’t see Walker.
A flash of lightning bathed my room in a white glare, and another crash of thunder jarred the house so that the floors vibrated. Heart pounding, I grabbed Kiki and pulled the covers up over us. I love the rain, but I hate thunderstorms. I hated them even more in this scary, old house where it just added to the creepy atmosphere. Wasn’t there always a thunderstorm in the old horror movies which took place in haunted houses? Just before things went bad, the frightened heroine would get a glimpse of something awful lit up by a flash of lightning, and then she’d scream and run and it all went downhill from there.
A shiver crept down my spine with bony fingers of ice as the lights flickered again. This was so bad. Mom and Dad were both at work, so it was just me and Shelly at home. Ugh. Shelly. She didn’t like storms any more than I did, and I didn’t want her freaking out on me. Even though I didn’t want to leave my bed, I needed to go check on her.
I crawled out from the sanctuary of my covers, leaving Kiki to hold the fort. His big green eyes tracked me as I tiptoed out of my room and into the hallway, but he made no move to follow. He didn’t like thunderstorms, either.
When I tapped on Shelly’s door, there was no answer. A weird, itchy tingle started between my shoulder blades, and it felt as though unseen eyes were watching me as I turned the doorknob. The room was dark and empty, which meant my little sister was probably downstairs watching television. With a sigh I headed downstairs. Knowing Shelly, she was curled up in a fetal position under the coffee table.
The lights in the hallway dimmed again, and I winced as a rolling peal of thunder struck the house like a giant hammer. It went on and on while above my head the light fixtures rattled, and I wondered if it was ever going to stop. Silence returned so quickly that I could hear my heart thumping in the sudden quiet. For an instant the lights brightened, and then everything went dark.
It was pitch black there on the stairs, and my hand tightened on the railing in a death grip. Why me? Distant lightning provided a flicker of light through the downstairs windows, just enough to give me a glimpse of my surroundings so I could orient myself. Slowly I felt my way downstairs, testing each step with my feet before moving forwards. In between the flashes of lightning I might as well have been blind, and there was no sound except for the rumbling of the thunder and the stairs creaking beneath me. That eerie sensation of being watched kept my pulse racing and I wanted to bolt for the front door and escape whatever had its eyes on me.
Nobody is going to think less of you if you get a little freaked out about moving into some weird, new house.
Yeah, right. I flinched in the blackness as the house emitted a cranky sigh. I was such an idiot. Why hadn’t I brought my phone with me? The screen would have given off enough light so that I could at least see where I was going. Of course the lights had still been on when I left my room. Good old hindsight. Always there when you needed a reminder of how you’d screwed up.
The wind groaned through the cracks around the front door, but I gritted my teeth and made myself take another step. I really hated this house. Eventually I made it downstairs to the dining room, where there was just enough light coming through the windows so that I could make out the shadowy outlines of the furniture. A quick glance through the nearest window confirmed that the lights were out all over the neighborhood, not just at our place. That meant there was no point in calling Dad. We were on our own until the power company fixed it.
On tiptoe, I crept through the house to the living room. A soft, droning noise came from the darkness to my right. Shelly was on the couch, snoring. She’d fallen asleep in front of the television and never even noticed the storm or the power going out. The little brat could sleep through anything, and most likely she’d be out until morning. If only it was that easy for me.
With Shelly no longer a concern, I went back for my phone. I needed to at least text Mom to let her know what was going on. There was nothing she could do about it, but she’d gripe if I didn’t give her a heads-up. The thought of going back up that inky stairway and through the narrow hallway to my darkened room filled me with dread, though, and so I stood at the base of the stairs dithering while the house shivered from another bout of thunder.
Finally my desire for my phone won out over my fears, and I put my foot on the stairs and crept upwards. My ears craned to hear every noise, while my eyes tried to turn the flickering shadows around me into terrifying visions. Even though I went slowly, I still managed to slip and bash my knee when I flinched from a flash of lightning. Angry at my fears, I tried to shut it all out and focus on just putting one foot in front of the other while my fingers dug into the banister.
A strobe of light illuminated the hallway as I reached the top of the stairs, and I half expected to see some dark specter in black robes waiting for me just like in the movies. My heart was in my throat when I shut myself back into my room. Outside, the wind howled and the branches of the oak tree screeched along the side of the house to push my overstretched nerves to their limits.
Something brushed against my leg in the darkness and I squealed and jumped about four feet in the air. “Kiki!”
A grumpy meow rose from the darkness. I exhaled and let my shoulders slump in relief. A moment later I had my phone and fell back onto my bed. There was already a text waiting.
Walker: You OK?
Warmth flowed through my body like thick syrup, and I smiled at the screen. Kiki hopped up beside me where he curled up into a buzzing ball against my side.
Me: I’m fine
I would have been a lot better if I’d been over at his place snuggled up next to him on his couch, but I couldn’t sneak out and leave Shelly alone. And for all I knew, he was already snuggled up with London.
Me: Just wish the stupid lights would come back on
Walker: Want me to come over and keep you company?
My heart did a little flip. Apparently he wasn’t snuggled up with London after all. A knot of tension I hadn’t realized was there loosened in my chest, and even though I was sitting alone in the dark in my creepy house in a thunderstorm I felt bizarrely happy.
Me: You’ll get drenched. And my parents aren’t home
Walker: So it’s a date?  :-)
I thought about it for a whole half a second.
Me: I’ll go unlock the door
I couldn’t help grinning like a lunatic as I hopped out of bed and made my way downstairs. Sneaking out was bad enough, but sneaking a boy in while my parents were away was such an un-Delaney thing to do that I wasn’t even sure if I was me anymore. Racing down the stairs as quickly as I dared, my hand had just reached for the deadbolt when I heard the faintest of taps coming from outside.
Walker was dripping rain, his broad shoulders wrapped in a heavy leather jacket. Only the fact that I knew I’d get soaked kept me from flinging myself at him. I motioned him inside and held a finger to my lips, pointing towards the living room. Even though Shelly slept like a rock, I didn’t want to take any chances. When Walker nodded, I took his hand and together we tiptoed up the stairs.
“Don’t you have a flashlight?” he whispered.
“Yeah, but I don’t know where Mom put them.”
He followed me without a word until we were in my room and I closed the door behind us. When I turned around Walker was standing directly in front of me, so close that I could feel the heat radiating from his body. Never taking his eyes from mine, he slid out of his jacket and tossed it onto my bed.
On a purely intellectual level I’d known what I was doing when I told him to come over. Actually having him standing there in my bedroom turned out to be a little bit scary. My heart was pounding so loudly that I was surprised we couldn’t hear it over the thunder. I still had my phone in my hand, and from its faint light I could just make out Walker’s teasing grin.
He took a step forward, and I automatically took one back only to find myself trapped against the door. Surely he had to be able to hear my heart slamming against my ribs? If he did he ignored it. One hand lifted up to stroke my cheek and tuck a straying lock of hair behind my ear, and I quivered as his fingertips slid against my skin.
“I missed you today,” Walker murmured.
He bent forward, his breath tickling against my ear until I was trembling from head to toe. I think I moaned a little, because the ache of wanting him to hold me was consuming me from the inside out. His lips teased against my neck, sending goose bumps racing across my skin.
“I didn’t want to let the day go by without seeing you.”
But London had been at his house earlier. This was bad. I should have pushed him away, should have made him explain that. But I didn’t. I wanted his arms around me too badly to do anything but lean into him.
“I missed you, too,” I admitted.
“Prove it.”
His whispered words were a dare that I was not going to refuse. With a soft sigh of contentment I pressed against him and slid my arms up around his neck. His big hands were warm against my skin as they slid down my bare arms before settling on my waist. My phone slipped forgotten from my fingers and without its light it was too dark to see Walker’s face, but I didn’t need to see to kiss him. My lips already knew exactly what they were doing, and my blood sang as his mouth landed on mine to kiss the terrors of the night and storm away.
Walker drew back when our lungs began to burn for air. Or at least I was completely breathless. Even so, I wasn’t ready to stop and I whimpered in the back of my throat at the loss of his lips. My phone was lying face down on the floor, and my fingers were twisted in the fabric of his shirt where I’d tried to pull us even closer. With a low laugh, Walker gave me a playful squeeze.
“I guess you really did miss me.”
I smiled up at him. “A little.”
He took my hands and pulled me over to sit on the bed, then slid his arm around my waist. It felt so natural to lean against him and let my head fall against his shoulder. So perfect. But being me, I couldn’t just let it lie.
“Walker?”
“Hm?”
“Why me?”
His arm squeezed my waist. “That’s a silly question.”
“Seriously. You can have anyone you want. Why me?”
“Because you’re a good person. You love that fuzzy soccer ball you call a cat. Because you were nice to Molly and became her friend, despite all that stuff they say about her at school. Because you were nice to me one day when I needed it. And because when you smile it rocks my whole world.”
“Really?”
“When I brought Kiki home that first day you were moving in and you smiled at me, I felt like my heart had gotten body slammed by a linebacker. You took my breath away, girl.”
Euphoria sent swarms of butterflies swirling around my tummy.
His arm squeezed me again. “Turns out you’re a pretty good kisser, too.”
I flushed, glad he couldn’t see me in the darkness. “Let me know when I’m better than London.”
Walker made a dismissive noise. “You’re already better. London only ever thinks of herself, and it comes through in her kisses. It’s all about her. But you? You let go and lose yourself in our kisses so it’s all about us.”
My heart did a flip then fluttered like the butterflies in my stomach. That was the sweetest thing I’d ever heard in my life, like something out of a movie, and Walker Dean had just said it to me. Just then I didn’t care if he was playing me. I only wanted for him to kiss me again.
“I’d still like some more practice.”
There was a huff of laughter in the darkness and then his hands cupped the sides of my face, tilting my mouth up so he could give me what I wanted. Soft and tender, his lips were gentle on mine as we settled together. After a few moments his fingers curled around the back of my neck and I tipped my head back a little because I wanted more. With a low moan Walker pulled me closer, and what had been warm and sweet turned sizzling.
Tingles like hot electricity scorched through me, and the fireworks came back bigger and brighter than before. In the thrilling intensity of it I forgot all about London and the storm and other silly things like breathing, giving myself up completely to the passion which crackled between us like an out of control forest fire.
We were panting when our lips eventually parted, but Walker didn’t pull away. He held me tightly with his lips just a fraction of an inch away from mine.
“Delaney,” he groaned, his voice a low rumble that I felt in my bones. “I should have kissed you a long time ago.”
“You weren’t tired of your harem, yet.”
“I think you might have been able to change my mind.”
Happiness swelled inside me in bright, giddy bubbles, and I leaned forward to kiss him again and make sure his mind stayed changed. In that moment, all was right with my world.
Light flared around us and at first I thought it was more lightning, but it was the house lights coming back on. Walker’s forehead sank against mine and for a moment he held me as though he never intended to let go, but then he released his hold and stood up.
“I should go. If your sister woke up and found me in here with you…”
“Yeah. I wouldn’t live to graduate.”
“Then I’d better get out of here. I plan on kissing you a lot more, and I can’t do that if your parents kill both of us.”
I went downstairs first to make sure that Shelly was still asleep. She hadn’t so much as stirred, and I saw Walker out with one last, steamy kiss that left my knees so wobbly I could barely make it back up to my room.
I glanced out of my window towards his house with a sigh of longing. All of the warnings I’d gotten from Molly and my own heart had been useless. I was completely head over heels for Walker.
When I woke up the next morning there was a text waiting for me, and my heart began to pound as I stared at my phone.
Walker: Good morning, beautiful
Walker: Look out your window
Burning with curiosity, I slid across my bed and pulled aside the curtains. Arranged on the sill outside was a row of brightly colored miniature flashlights. For a minute all I could do was stare at them. I was up on the second floor. How had he gotten them up there? I looked around and decided that it was just possible to reach the sill by standing on one of the branches of the oak tree. Even with Walker’s height and reach it would have been a stretch, though, and more than a little dangerous with the bark all wet and slippery from the rain. What in the world had possessed him to do it? I turned back to my phone.
Me: Thx! That was the sweetest thing ever
I waited a few minutes for an answer, but the rumbling in my stomach soon drove me downstairs to find some breakfast. I had a mouth full of cereal when my phone finally dinged. Thinking it might be Walker my heart went all fluttery, but I settled back down to earth when I saw the text.
Molly: Going to Corpus today to do some shopping. Want to come?
I hesitated only a moment. Mom and Dad were both home and wouldn’t need me to babysit Shelly again until that night.
Me: Sure
Molly: Pick you up in half an hour
Since she still just had her learner’s permit, her mom drove.
“That storm last night was just awful,” Molly said. “I was in the middle of a game when the power went out and got killed.”
“That sucks.”
“Yeah. We need to get a generator or something.”
Her mom laughed. “Yeah, I’ll get right on that.”
Molly made a face. “I would have called you, but my phone was dead. I can never remember to charge it.”
“Well, at least the power wasn’t out for long.”
My mind wandered through memories of kissing Walker in the dark. Mmm. It had been out just long enough.
Molly’s mom dropped us off at a GameStop while she went next door to shop for shoes. As soon as we stepped inside, Molly turned to me and gave me a long, measuring look.
“And just what was Walker doing over at your house while the power was out?” she asked archly.
“Um, what?” I stammered.
“I saw him leaving right after the lights came back on, Delaney.”
The way my face was burning it must have been neon red. “Did you see him kiss me, too?”
Her jaw dropped. “He kissed you?”
Heads turned towards us around the store in response to her squeal. Biting my lip, I grabbed her arm and dragged her to a part of the store that was deserted.
“What is going on, Delaney?”
“Walker and I sort of have a thing going.”
Her eyebrows climbed towards the ceiling. “A thing?”
In a low voice I quickly recounted the story of the two nights I’d spent over at his house, how we’d talked long into the night and watched movies until I fell asleep. And I confessed to the kissing.
“You’re serious,” she breathed, her eyes wide in disbelief. “O. M. G. You and Walker…”
I squeezed her arm. “Do not tell anyone, Molly. We both know he’s going to get bored and move on the way he always does, and I don’t want everyone talking about me like one of his other girls.”
“Who would I tell?” she asked, but then understanding dawned and her mouth formed an O of surprise. “You haven’t told your friends.”
“My other friends. No, I haven’t told them. There’s no way they’d believe me. And I don’t know what to tell them anyway.”
She shook her head, still trying to take it in. “What are you going to do?”
“Enjoy it while it lasts? I can’t let it go, even though I know it’s the smart thing to do. I’m completely crazy about the boy. I just can’t do it.”
“Yeah, I get it,” she responded with a sad little sigh. “I know you’ve got other friends that you’ve known longer, but if you need me, I’m here.”
“Thanks.”
“And if he dumps you, well, playing games where you can shoot bad guys in the face can be very therapeutic.”
I choked on my gum and then wheezed out a laugh. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
It was late afternoon when we got in, and I still hadn’t heard from Walker. I was beginning to worry. Had he gotten in a wreck or something? Was he in the ICU all smashed up and hooked to a million machines to keep him alive? It wasn’t until after dinner that my phone dinged with a message from him.
Walker: Sorry no time to chat today
Walker: Putting up fence at my uncle’s ranch
Walker: Buzz you when I get home
I was disappointed, but at least he wasn’t hurt and hadn’t spent the day at the beach with London and her perfect, tanned body and her tiny little bikini. It didn’t stop me from being anxious, though. I wanted him to get home so we could talk. I wanted to hear the sound of his voice, wanted to feel his soft lips on mine all hot and passionate while he kissed me.
I dropped my phone with a sigh. How pathetic could I get? I was going to be a total basket case by the time he dumped me.
My phone dinged with another text and I snatched it up again.
Dannika: 2 more days and HOME!
Me: Can’t wait!
Ugh. I wanted my friends back, but how was I going to tell them what had happened? How was I going to explain why I’d kept them in the dark?
Me: What’s going on with BOYS?
Dannika: Going 2 rodeo with them 2nite
I felt a twinge of envy. Those rodeos were a blast.
Me: Have fun. Try not to step in poop.
Dannika: LOL! I won’t. I’ll be in the bleachers
Dannika: Allison is with barrel/bull rider though
Dannika: Following him around like a puppy
Me: Maybe she’ll get lucky
Dannika: He’s got every girl in the county after him
Dannika: Don’t think he wants to do anything but have fun
Dannika: Probably a lot more fun than she’s ready for
Me: Keep an eye on her then!
Dannika: Don’t worry. Got 2 go get dressed. Love U!!!
Me: Love you too. Wish I was there
But I didn’t, really. As much as I enjoyed those trips to her grandmother’s, I would have traded it all for just one minute in Walker’s arms.
I was almost ready to fall asleep when my phone dinged.
Walker: Hello, beautiful
My stomach exploded with warm, fluttery butterflies.
Me: Flattery will get you nowhere
Oh, that was such a lie.
Walker: I guess I’m out of luck then
Walker: Without flattery I don’t have much left
Was he fishing for compliments? I’d give him one.
Me: You’re nice. You’ve got that going for you
Walker: NICE??????
Me: You brought Kiki home
Me: You made friends with Molly
Me: And I saw you mowing that lady’s yard
Walker: It was all temporary insanity?
Me: So be nice to me, or I’ll tell everyone what a sweet guy you are and totally ruin your reputation
Walker: You wouldn’t!
Me: Are you willing to take that chance?
Walker: LOL. Nope. I’d better just keep you happy
Me: That’s pretty easy to do
Walker: If you can come over I’ll get right to work on that
Me: Give it an hour or so?
Mom was in bed already, but I wanted to give her enough time to make sure she was asleep before I snuck out.
Walker: OK. Need to get a shower anyway
Me: See you soon
Walker: Not soon enough Laney
I couldn’t help the thrill that ran through me. He kept calling me beautiful. Now he was calling me Laney. We were texting, and I was seeing him—a lot. It was like having a real boyfriend. And this was Walker. He didn’t do these things. Except that he was, with me. It was like a dream come true, even if I still had a few little nagging doubts lurking in the corners of my mind.
I didn’t need a shower, but I did take my hair out of its ponytail and put on a little makeup. I wanted to make myself as kissable as possible.
When I was pretty sure that Mom was asleep, I went downstairs. Silently as I could, I went down the hall and checked her room. The light was off, so the coast was clear. I probably broke world speed records getting next door.
“Walker?” I called out as I stepped through the gate.
I squeaked as his hands grabbed my waist and he swung me up high off the ground before setting me gently back on my feet again. There was only time to snatch one quick breath before his lips landed on mine and swept me away in a blaze of hungry passion.
“I can’t get enough of that,” he whispered against my lips some time later.
“Me, either. So where were you today?”
“My uncle has a ranch north of Mathis, and he had to replace a bunch of fence after some drunk drove a truck through it and tore it all up. It was kind of old anyway, so he decided to go ahead and redo that whole section. I’ve got to go back first thing in the morning, and I’ll probably spend the night tomorrow so we can get an early start after that and get it finished.”
His lips wandered against mine, his arms hugging me closer. “I had to come back tonight to see you, though. I was having Delaney withdrawals.”
There wasn’t a girl in school who wouldn’t have traded an arm to hear those words coming from Walker Dean.
“I thought about you all day,” I told him.
“Really?” he asked with a grin. “And just what were you thinking?”
“About how much I wanted you to kiss me again.”
“I’m glad I came through for you. Now, are you up for a little adventure?”
“What kind of adventure?”
“I was thinking we could go down to the beach for a while.”
I hadn’t been to the beach at night since Allison’s birthday party when she turned twelve. “Sounds like fun.”
“Good.”
Taking my hand, he led me around to the front of the house where his truck was parked. He opened the door of the truck, but before I could climb in he lifted me up onto the seat. Wow! Those mornings of lifting weights had definitely paid off.
As soon as he got in I slid over to sit closer to him. I still couldn’t believe I was sneaking out with him to go to the beach in the middle of the night. My parents would have kittens if they ever found out, and Dannika and Allison were going to completely freak when I got around to telling them. Assuming they believed a word I said.
At that time of night the streets were mostly empty, and Walker drove to avoid the red lights so that it was only about ten minutes before he was pulling off the road and onto a deserted strip of beach. He killed the engine and the night swept in around us.
“Wait,” he said.
When he opened my door and lifted me out to set me on my feet on the powdery sand I made a show of pouting at him, although secretly I was pleased. Mom and Dad were always telling me how important it was to find a boy who was polite and respected me.
“Show off.”
“I was just being polite,” he protested with a grin that made it clear he was only half telling the truth. “Mamma would skin me if I didn’t open the door for a girl.”
“Mm, hm. I wonder if all the other girls you’ve kissed would tell the same story.”
“How about we don’t find out?” he suggested, and put an arm around my waist to guide me towards the rolling surf.
As we neared the water, the soft roar of the crashing waves grew to a rhythmic thunder. This part of the beach was lit only by moonlight, with diamond tipped obsidian waves below and filmy, silver lined clouds gliding across the black sky above. The breeze off the water tugged insistently at my hair and clothes, a wild child demanding attention. I stepped forward and spread my arms and let the wind wrap around me until I almost felt that I should be picked up and carried away.
Out here the night was fierce and untamed, a murky beast of wind and water that seemed almost capable of reaching out and plucking us from the shore. An endless expanse of bottomless waves stretched before me, dotted here and there in the remote distance with the flickering lights of ships and oil rigs. Nothing human mattered on that scale; I was a speck of dust looking out into a dangerous infinity.
Walker gripped my hand and nodded towards the roiling surf. “Come on.”
At the edge of the water he paused to take his shoes off then stepped into the wet sand. As his feet sank into the softness, I saw him sigh. That was all the encouragement I needed. I slipped out of my flip flops and stepped up to let a wave of warm, briny water swirl around my ankles. It felt divine.
From where we were standing the land curved back behind us so we couldn’t see it at all. There was nothing but sky and waves as far as I could see.
“Makes you feel small, doesn’t it?” Walker’s voice rose about the tumult of the waves. “No matter who you think you are or what kind of problems you have, this is bigger. And it doesn’t care about us at all.”
I glanced over at him and saw that he was staring out into the distance as though lost to everything around him. A familiar pang of loneliness chilled my heart, and I dragged my feet out of the sucking sand and turned towards him. Still not trusting this unnamed thing between us, I was hesitant as I put my arms around him and rested my cheek against his chest.
My fears vanished as his arms enfolded me and we held each other, the two of us alone against the night, clinging to one another for comfort and meaning in a world that seemed to be getting bigger and scarier by the day. When I looked up at him, the wind restless in my hair, his lips were already descending towards mine.
We kissed under the stars to the music of the waves while our toes sank slowly into the sand, and I knew then without a doubt that I was falling desperately in love with him. This beautiful boy was so much more than I’d ever imagined when I first saw him watching me from next door. He was so different from the gorgeous but callous player I’d dreamed about during those days before I started to know him. For once in my life reality had surpassed my wildest dreams, and now that I held that fantasy in my arms I couldn’t imagine letting go.
Chapter Eleven
I spent most of the next two days over at Molly’s house. With little else to do I let her talk me into playing some games with her, and to my surprise I found myself actually enjoying them. I’d played a few games on my phone before, but they were nothing like this. It turned out to be really easy to lose yourself and forget the real world and all the problems that came with it.
That was a good thing, because I was missing Walker like crazy. Every morning when I woke up there was a Hello, beautiful text waiting for me, and the warm glow I got from knowing that I was the first thing on his mind every day helped keep me going. As hard as he was working on his uncle’s ranch, though, he had no time or energy left for anything more than that, so all I could do was wait for him to finish and come home so we could pick up where we left off that night at the beach.
Allison and Dannika had bailed on me as well. A group of Dannika’s cousins had showed up at her grandmother’s house and so the whole family was out doing fun things together with no time for texting.
Saturday morning I woke up early with a smile on my face. All of them were due to come home that day, and I could hardly contain my excitement. I hopped out of bed, got dressed, and then settled in to wait. Every few minutes I checked my phone for messages, even though there was no way I could miss hearing the notification if one came in. I’d run out of patience and was ready for them to get back already.
The first text came around ten o’clock.
Walker: Hey, beautiful. Missing you
Me: Same. You on your way home?
Walker: Sorry, promised Quinn & the guys I’d go to the beach
Walker: I promised them before we… Anyway, I forgot
Walker: You want to come?
I thought about it. While I knew in general who he hung out with, I didn’t really know any of them. Without my own friends there, it would be kind of awkward. And I wasn’t really certain how they’d feel about me.
Me: Not sure. Do they know about us?
Walker: No. Not yet.
I let my head droop. It wasn’t hard at all to imagine what their reaction would be. To them I’d just be another of Walker’s endless hookup girls, someone to be laughed at and mocked behind her back.
Me: Why not?
Walker: Haven’t had a chance, and didn’t quite know what to say
Was he ashamed of me? He still hadn’t asked me out on a date or anything like we were officially dating. He hadn’t told anyone about me. Was I his dirty little secret? Honesty compelled me to admit that I hadn’t told Dannika and Allison, either. Walker was right. This was kind of hard to figure out.
Walker: If you came along, it would give me a chance to tell them
Me: Why don’t you tell them, and I’ll tell D & A when they get back
Me: We can get that over with and ease into the social thing
Walker: If that’s what you want
Walker: I was really hoping to spend the day with you though
Me: Same. But I need to tell them before I just spring you on them
Walker: K. Come by tonite?
Me: I can’t wait
I started having second thoughts almost immediately, and every five minutes from then on it was a struggle not to tell him I’d changed my mind and to come pick me up. With my friends due back, though, I really needed to come clean to them and beg for forgiveness before they somehow found out on their own.
I had just finished lunch when my phone dinged again.
Dannika: HOME!!!!!
Me: Thought you weren’t supposed to be in until this evening?
Dannika: Dad wanted to get an early start
Dannika: COME OVER NOW!!!
My stomach tightened in nervous anticipation. I started to make up an excuse, but then bit it back. I needed to just do it and get it over with, like ripping off a Band-Aid.
Me: I’ll see if Mom will drive me
It took some wheedling mixed with a fair bit of whining, but Mom finally agreed. She grumbled the whole way there, though, and I had no way to tune her out.
“Allison’s mom said that she’d bring me home,” I said, hoping to mollify her.
“Fine. I’m glad they’re back. Maybe now you’ll stop stalking that poor guy next door.”
I gaped at her. “Are you crazy?”
“No, and I’m not blind, either. This is the Twenty-first Century. Ask him out already. The worst thing that can happen is that he says no.”
She was so clueless. “I’ll give that some serious thought.”
“Don’t you want to date boys? That’s what high school is for.”
Seriously? Knowing that it would just make things worse, I didn’t throw her usual mantra about socialization skills and getting into a good college back in her face.
“Of course I do, but none of them have shown any interest in me.” Until now. “And I don’t chase after boys because I’m way too shy for that, and because despite it being the Twenty-first Century girls who chase after boys tend to get a certain reputation.”
Mom made a disgusted noise. “Suit yourself, but you’re missing out. That boy is really cute.”
“Mom!” Ugh. Ick! I did not want my mother thinking about Walker that way. Or any other way, for that matter.
She just shrugged. “I’m allowed to pick out cute boys for my daughter to date. That’s one of the perks of being a mother. Get over it.”
“Can we not have this discussion? Ever?”
“One of these days you’ll change your mind.”
“Yeah. Not going to happen.”
I barely waited for the car to stop in Dannika’s driveway before I was trying to escape.
“Have a good time,” Mom called after me.
I just waved and hurried away before she could embarrass me any more. Thank goodness she hadn’t said any of that in front of my friends. As I knocked on the door, though, I was stunned by an even scarier thought. If Walker and I did keep seeing each other, Mom and Dad would find out sooner or later. I was going to have to get ready for that conversation, too.
Or I could try to keep the whole thing hidden until I graduated and went away to college. I liked that idea a lot better, even if it wasn’t exactly realistic what with Walker living next door and everything. But that was a problem for another day.
Today’s problem flung open the door and dragged me inside.
“What took you so long?” Dannika demanded. “Get in here.”
“I didn’t know I was on a schedule.”
I followed her back to the familiar clutter of her room, where half a dozen partially completed craft projects were strewn on her desk and floor. Shoving a pile of clothes aside, I took a seat on her bed next to Allison.
“I’m glad you’re back,” I told them.
“We’re glad to be back,” Allison replied.
“Yeah. It’s fun to get away for a while, but I’ve had enough of roughing it.”
I’d been to her grandmother’s house. It wasn’t exactly a shotgun shack in the wilderness. “Roughing it?”
“The cell reception is awful. And I love my grandmother and everything, but she drinks Folgers, Delaney. And there’s not a Starbucks for twenty miles.”
Dannika was a horrible coffee addict and snob about what she drank. “I’ll notify the UN that your human rights have been violated.”
Allison snorted a laugh. “You should have heard her when she found out her grandmother doesn’t have Netflix.”
“Ha, ha,” Dannika grumbled. “You two should consider careers in standup.”
I turned to Allison. “So what happened with your rodeo cowboy?”
“He rode off into the sunset with some bleached blonde from UT.”
“Figures. What about you, Dani? Any luck in the love department?”
She shook her head. “Nada.”
Allison snorted again. “She had hot guys drooling over her the whole time we were there, but she blew them all off. Half the time when she was supposed to be having fun with us, I found her off by herself texting Ashton.”
“Why don’t you just get back together? It’s going to happen eventually anyway.”
Dannika’s face set into a stubborn frown. “We’re just friends.”
Allison laughed. “You two being just friends is like Cyndie Jenkins being just a little bit pregnant.”
“Yeah? Let me know when you manage to get two words out to Seth, and maybe we can double date.”
Me-ow! “Did you two do this the whole time you were gone?”
They both spoke at once. “Yes!” Allison said. “No!” Dannika denied.
Dannika threw up her hands. “Can we just go to the beach now?”
“The beach?” I asked.
“Yes. Ashton is going to be there with some friends.”
My mouth went dry. Ashton hung around with Quinn a lot, and Walker said he was going to the beach with Quinn and some friends. What were the odds that we’d find all of them together if we went to the beach today? Considering my luck, it was practically a sure thing.
I started to open my mouth and confess everything, but somehow I couldn’t. Maybe it would be better if I waited a little longer and tried to find the right time. And maybe it would be better if I could sweet talk Walker into getting us into the seniors’ Fourth of July beach party. I hear bribery is an excellent way to buy forgiveness.
“Great. Let’s go to the beach before you two strangle each other,” I said.
Dannika’s older sister drove us since she was going to meet up with some of her friends there, too. It was a perfect June day, with a balmy wind off of the Gulf that wasn’t too sultry and big, fluffy clouds floating majestically against the deep blue vault of the sky. It was hard to believe that it was the same place of such bleak, wild beauty that I’d experienced a few nights ago with Walker.
We took our towels and supplies down the beach to set up our little camp closer to the water. There were a couple of big umbrellas for shade, a cooler full of drinks, and a couple of bottles of sunscreen. With that we were all ready for an afternoon relaxing and having fun at the beach. It sounded perfect.
All except for the part about having to explain about me and Walker to my friends.
“Hey, isn’t that Walker?” Allison asked.
My head whipped around so fast I’m surprised I didn’t get whiplash, and I cringed. He was sitting nearby with a group of jocks from the football and baseball teams along with several of the cheerleaders and drill team girls who ran in the same circles as Ashton and Quinn. Wonderful. How was this going to work now? As soon as I started my story, Dannika and Allison would end up staring at Walker and drawing attention to us.
“Ashton is there, too,” Allison added for Dannika’s benefit. “Why don’t you go talk to him?”
Dannika feigned disinterest. “I’ve talked to him already today. I came here to spend time with you two.”
“Come on. I’ll bet Delaney will go with you. She’s probably dying to talk to Walker.”
I blushed. If only she knew.
Allison refused to let it go. “You knew he was going to be here. That’s why you had your sister drop us off here.”
“I knew he was going to be at the beach, but I had no idea he was going to be here.”
“You are such a liar!”
A rich male voice cut through their argument. “Delaney?”
All three of our heads swiveled at once. A stocky young man about our age stood between us and the water, his sandy blonde hair riffled by the wind. A pair of warm brown eyes smiled down at me in a look of mingled surprise and pleasure. It took me a minute to place him, but then it clicked—Matt Blanton, the first boy I’d ever kissed.
He’d grown up a bit since middle school, and was seriously cute. Not Walker Dean cute, but nice enough to get both Dannika and Allison to sit up and take notice.
“It is you,” he said, a slow grin breaking out on his face. “I haven’t seen you since we moved to Corpus. And now I’m really wishing we’d never left.”
My friends shared an evil laugh. Oh, I was going to get teased mercilessly about this later. As if to prove my point, Allison hopped up from her spot next to me and sat down beside Dannika.
“Have a seat,” she said. “It sounds like you two have some catching up to do.”
Matt lowered himself to the beach towel she had vacated and gave me a look of clear interest that would have sent butterflies screaming through my stomach a couple of weeks ago—before Walker.
“So what have you been up to for the last three years? Besides getting hot,” he added with a teasing grin.
That was enough to make me blush. I wasn’t interested, but I’d really liked him before his family’s move to Corpus had ended our relationship. We’d never fought or broken up, and if it hadn’t been for Walker I’d have been thrilled to see him again. But even though he wasn’t Walker, he was a nice guy and we had a good time reminiscing about middle school and our old relationship. If nothing else, it turned out to be a great way to take my mind off of trying to figure out how to explain Walker to my friends.
He didn’t take my mind off of Walker, though. Even while I was laughing with Matt, I was stealing glances at Walker whenever I could. I still didn’t think he’d noticed us, though.
“Well, I need to get moving,” Matt said.
“Aw, don’t go,” Allison told him while she batted her eyes meaningfully at me.
“I’ve got to go pick up my friend. I just stopped by to see if the beach and stuff were still like I remembered them.”
“Were they?” Dannika purred.
Matt grinned at me. “The beach hasn’t changed, but some things sure have. It really was great seeing you again, Delaney.” He started to get up but hesitated. “Since we’re driving now and Corpus isn’t that far, maybe we could go out sometime?”
Inwardly I cringed. I’d been afraid he was going to say that. “I’m really sorry, but I’m seeing someone right now.”
His face fell a bit, but only for a second before he brightened back up. “I should have guessed. Well, he’s a lucky guy. If it doesn’t work out, give me a call.” He bent over and gave me a swift kiss on the cheek. “You know Quinn, right? He has my number.”
As he walked away, I found Dannika and Allison staring at me like I’d grown a second head.
“What is wrong with you?” Allison demanded.
“What?”
“He was cute, he was funny, and he was totally into you. Why did you shoot him down?”
A fist clenched in my stomach. This was it. I wasn’t going to be able to avoid it any longer. I was going to have to come clean with them about Walker. My eyes automatically cut over to where the boy of my dreams was sitting with Quinn and Ashton.
And London.
The cheerleader was on her knees behind him, slowly and sensuously massaging sunscreen onto his bare shoulders. As I watched, she bent down with a laugh and whispered something to him, her lips brushing against his ear.
Chapter Twelve
The whole world screeched to a stop. My heart didn’t beat, and I couldn’t take a breath. I couldn’t do anything but stare at them, and the moment stretched out until it became unbearable. Then with a snap inside my head time restarted with a kick that left me reeling, and I jerked upright with a low cry of pain because it felt like my heart had just torn in two.
Dannika and Allison stared at me wide-eyed, then as one their gazes followed mine over to where Walker and London sat. I saw their dawning suspicions dimly through a veil of upwelling tears.
How could he? But I knew exactly how. Hadn’t I been halfway convinced all along that he was just playing me, that it was all an act? That didn’t keep my stomach from knotting up, or protect me against the cold, searing pain that was like a knife stabbing into my chest. With a strangled sob I turned away, unable to look any longer.
Allison’s hand covered mine. “Laney? Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” I choked.
“I think we need to get her out of here,” Dannika said.
I barely noticed as they gathered up our things, and I stumbled blindly after them towards the road while Dannika summoned her sister to come pick us up. I was lost in a flood of memories that I couldn’t shake off. I’d spent hours with him, and we’d shared our thoughts and dreams. We’d felt so perfect together, and our kisses had been nothing short of magical. How could he do this to me? How could he do something that he knew would hurt me so badly?
But this was Walker Dean. It was who he was. Girls were a dime a dozen, and once kissed easily forgotten. Except for London. It seemed he couldn’t shake her.
The tears started in earnest as we drove away. No one said a word on the way back to Dannika’s house, although both of my friends sat close to me in the back seat to offer what comfort they could. When we got there Allison opened the door for me.
“Come on,” she said, and led me by the hand to Dannika’s room.
She pushed me gently to the bed while giving Dannika a significant look. The other girl nodded and walked out. Allison pressed her phone into my hand. My home number was already pulled up on the screen.
“Call your mom and tell her you’re spending the night.”
That made sense. Fortunately Dad was off so I didn’t have to go home to babysit Shelly. I took slow, deep breaths until I got myself under control enough that I could talk to Mom without arousing her innate motherly suspicions. It turned out that I needn’t have worried. She had her hands full dealing with Shelly and barely paid any attention to me at all.
“Just be sure you’re home early enough tomorrow that your sister isn’t here by herself when I leave for work.”
“Sure, Mom.”
When I hung up, Allison plucked her phone from my numb fingers. With nothing else to do I stared out of the window. There wasn’t anything to see; it was just where my head happened to be pointed. If I’d been facing the wall, I would have stared at that.
Somehow the sun was still shining. It was still a beautiful day. How could that be when it felt like my whole world was ending? It should be black as midnight with hail falling from the frozen sky while the earth shook and opened up to spew fire and brimstone. But it looked just like any other summer day, and somehow that made it even worse.
The pulsing ache in my chest was more painful than the time I’d broken my arm falling out of a tree house when I was twelve. Or that time I’d slipped on a patch of ice in the school parking lot and split my knee open on the edge of a concrete parking block. I’d needed twelve stitches and I still had a long, pale scar on my kneecap. The wound on my heart might not be visible, but it was beyond fixing with mere stitches.
I clutched a pillow to my chest and bent over it with a silent sob as the door opened and Dannika came back in. When her hand squeezed my shoulder I drew a deep, shuddering breath and pushed myself upright. She was holding up a cell phone in her other hand, and it only took one glance to see that it was mine and that some of Walker’s texts were on the screen. Busted. I was in too much pain to even gripe about the invasion of my privacy.
Allison sat down facing me on the floor by my feet, worry hovering in her eyes. “I think it’s about time you told us just what’s been going on while we were away.”
I shrugged. There was no reason to keep it a secret anymore. As I’d done a few days ago with Molly, I told them everything—from that very first day when I thought Walker was going to kiss me to our final, passionate kiss on the beach. In between I cried a lot, sometimes the tears coming so hard and fast that I couldn’t choke out any words at all until the crying jag had passed.
By the time I finished I was completely drained, the sharp pain in my chest replaced by a throbbing ache that I was afraid would never go away. I risked a glance at Dannika. She and Ashton had broken up over a year ago, and she still wasn’t over him. Would I have to go through all the rest of high school nursing the shattered fragments of my heart? Would I still be longing for Walker when I graduated and started the rest of my life?
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Allison asked.
I sniffled and blew my nose on a tissue, and Dannika handed me a fresh one from the box in her lap. It took me a minute to find my voice again, and when I did it was hoarse and strained from all the crying.
“At first I didn’t believe it was real. I thought he was just messing with me, and I didn’t want you guys teasing me about it. I just wasn’t sure. I mean, it really was nothing when I thought about it. He was nice. I thought he’d looked like he wanted to kiss me. Big deal. It was nothing but pathetic little Delaney being delusional. Then later…” I forced back another sob.
“It’s okay,” Dannika soothed.
“I knew better. I knew who he was and that it was just a game to him, but nobody had ever paid that kind of attention to me. I was afraid that everyone would think I’d been chasing after him, just like all the other girls do. Because everyone knows that Walker Dean doesn’t chase girls—they chase him. And when things got real and he started talking like he wanted us to be a couple, I wanted it to be true so much that I ignored what my head was telling me. I was afraid that if I said anything to you that you’d burst my bubble and I’d find out that everything he’d said would turn out to be nothing but a lie to get me to fall for him. I wanted to hold onto him as long as I could, even if it was just for a little while. Does that make sense?”
My friends looked at each other for a long moment then nodded.
“I was going to tell you when I came over today,” I sniffled. “But then you said we were going to the beach and I didn’t have time. And then we got there and Walker was there with Ashton and Quinn and everybody… I don’t know. I don’t know what I was thinking. I knew it was too good to be true. He was probably sitting there telling them all about it and giving them a good laugh. For all I know he didn’t actually go to work on the fence at his uncle’s ranch at all,” I added bitterly. “He could have spent the whole time with London, laughing about what a gullible little girl his new neighbor was.”
A knock on the door interrupted my pity party, followed quickly by Molly’s golden curls. “Can I come in? I got here as fast as I could.”
“Molly?” I squeaked.
“I brought ice cream.”
Dannika saw my puzzled look and shrugged. “Well, we’re having a sleepover, right? Allison called her from your phone earlier.”
“But…” I stared at my newest friend in concern. I knew how hard it was for her to handle being around strangers. “I was going to try to ease you into things with us.”
She came over and gave me a fierce hug. “You’re my friend and you need me. It’ll be okay. Allison said on the phone that something had happened with Walker?”
I started sniffling again when she mentioned Walker, so Dannika caught her up. Even as the tears fell, I felt numb. It was surreal, like some out of body experience, like none of it was real. When I woke up in the morning I’d find it had all been nothing but a bad dream. I’d sneak out and go to Walker’s and everything would be fine.
When Dannika finished, Molly turned to me with a puzzled expression. “Are you sure that’s what happened?”
I nodded unhappily, brushing fat teardrops out of my eyes.
“We both saw it,” Dannika added.
Molly shook her head. “I don’t know what got into him. I know what you guys think, but this isn’t like him at all. He never brags about the girls he hooks up with—not at school and not in private, either. It’s the girls who brag about it. Well, until he dumps them, anyway. And I’ve never heard of him chasing after a girl, much less doing it to break her heart. Some of the other jocks do that, but not Walker. Have you ever heard of him doing that?”
We all shook our heads.
“I don’t understand it, Delaney. From the way he was acting, I would have sworn that he really liked you. Not that he confided in me or anything, but that was sure the impression that I got.”
“I don’t understand it, either.”
She frowned, considering. “Maybe I should ask him about it. Maybe this is just a misunderstanding.”
I stared at her. “Misunderstanding? How could Walker letting London hang all over him in front of everyone be a misunderstanding?” Despite my words, my heart soared with irrational hope. Maybe I hadn’t lost him after all. But just as quickly, I snuffed the hope out before it could burn me again.
“No,” I told her. “It’s better this way.”
That earned me dubious looks from all three of my friends. I gave a sad little shrug.
“We all know he would have gotten tired of me and dumped me eventually. It’s better to have it over with so I’m not wondering every morning when I wake up if today will be the day. It’s done, and I can quit worrying about it.”
Molly looked like she wanted to argue, but a glance at Dannika and Allison warned her that she would be alone in that. Apparently my logic wasn’t completely off base. I wish I could have been happier about that.
Dannika ordered pizza, and I vaguely caught Allison’s disappointment when it wasn’t Seth who dropped off the delivery. As we were eating I did my best to drag myself out of my despair and take some notice of my friends. Molly was sticking close to me, concern plain in her eyes, but I could also tell that she wasn’t comfortable there. When Dannika and Allison made a run to the kitchen for more sodas, I took advantage of those moments alone to thank her again.
“I appreciate you coming, but if you need to go I understand.”
“No, I’m all right. They’re both really nice, and they’re not pushing.”
“You don’t mind that I told them about you?”
She gave me a knowing smile. “I figured it wouldn’t take long after they were back before you started trying to pull me into the group, so I’ve been psyching myself up for it.”
“If you’d rather not…”
“Nobody has bothered trying in a long time, and I haven’t felt much like making the effort until now. But I’m glad you wanted me here.”
The three of them did their best to keep my mind from dwelling on Walker. Dannika and Allison told me all about their vacation, and then we watched a marathon of old horror movies on one of the classic movie channels. Even Dannika didn’t argue when Molly put her foot down and insisted it would be better for me than chick flicks. And it did sort of help, a little. I didn’t feel quite so empty and raw inside until we finally shut the television off and went to bed in the early hours of the morning.
Long after my friends were asleep I lay awake staring into the darkness remembering when I’d spent most of the night watching movies with Walker. I remembered how we’d held hands while we sat together on his couch, and how perfect it had felt. Then the tears came again, rolling unheeded in hot, fat droplets that rolled down my cheeks to soak my pillowcase. They didn’t stop for a long, long time.
It didn’t get much easier after that. For the next week I hardly left the house other than to go over to Molly’s to play games, and then only when I knew Walker wasn’t at home to see me crossing the street. I’d blocked him on my phone, and when he’d come over and knocked on the door a couple of times I’d ignored him until he went away. Fortunately he never tried it when Mom or Dad was home, and Shelly wouldn’t answer the door unless she was paid to do it.
I’d given up my former favorite pastime of watching Walker through my windows, too. It hurt too much to see him. I needed to push through this, to get over him and erase him from my thoughts and from my heart. It was going to be hard enough seeing him again at school in the fall. How much worse if I was still hung up on him?
I could only hope that he hadn’t spread word of what had happened to everyone. I didn’t know if my mangled ego could handle the mockery which was usually served up to the girls foolish enough to think they could win him over.
Instead of getting better, though, I seemed to be getting worse. Any time my mind wasn’t completely absorbed in something, my thoughts strayed back to the brief moments of joy I’d had with him. Even when I was busy, little reminders could jolt me out of whatever I was doing. By the end of that week I was staggering through the house like a zombie, worn out from crying myself to sleep every night and wrung out from the constant emotional strain.
I tried telling myself that it was better this way. It would have been so much worse if it had happened during the school year, when there could be no escape from him or the necessity of going to class. Any time I dared to think it might have turned out differently, the image of London appeared like some tanned, bikini-clad goddess to kill that little fantasy. I’d been a complete idiot to think that he’d ever actually seen anything in me.
That was my state of mind the next Saturday morning when the dying duck sound of our doorbell summoned me away from the show on mega-volcanoes I was watching. When I opened the door I found Molly waiting anxiously on the porch.
“I need your help,” she said, her blue eyes pleading.
Chapter Thirteen
My eyebrows rose. My help? I could barely help myself. What on earth could she want with me? But this was Molly, and I owed it to her to at least listen. Once we were in my room I sat on the bed and gave her my complete attention. Well, at least all of it that wasn’t still wrapped up in pining for Walker. So maybe fifty-fifty.
She looked embarrassed and wouldn’t meet my eyes. When she started to talk, it came out in a quick, rambling stream. “I’m sorry. I wouldn’t do this if I knew of any other way. I can’t do it by myself. I just can’t. And while I like Dannika and Allison a lot, I don’t know them well enough. You’re the only one I really trust and feel comfortable enough with.”
Despite my internal angst, I was intrigued. “What’s wrong?”
“I need you to go with me to the seniors’ Fourth of July beach party.”
My defenses came crashing down like steel walls. Walker would be there. No way I could go there and be around him right now.
Molly saw me shutting down and tears sprang to her eyes. “I have to go, Delaney. He’s going to be there and I’ve heard that she’s going to make a move on him. I can’t let her. So I have to be there to try to stop her and you’re the only person I can go with who can help me hold it together in the crowd long enough to do…”
“What in the world are you talking about?”
Her lips quivered as she looked up into my eyes. “Quinn.”
Quinn? My jaw dropped. He was the quarterback, and Molly was going after him? Sure, she was really pretty, but with her reputation at school and her anxiety? How could that possibly work?
A cold, sickening feeling awakened in my stomach. Molly was at least going to go fight for the guy she wanted, even though just the thought of being around that many people must have her on the verge of a panic attack. Not to mention how hard it would be for her to open up her heart to him. Is this what I should have done with Walker? Did I not want him badly enough to even try to find out what he really wanted? Maybe I didn’t deserve him.
“So you and Quinn?”
A ghost of a smile touched her lips. “We’re teammates in a couple of the games that I play. He’s been trying to get me to tell him who I really am, and begging me to go out with him since Christmas break. But to him I’m Valkyrie the badass, not Molly the biggest dumb blonde at school who’s afraid of her own shadow. I haven’t been able to work up the nerve.”
I nodded. “I’m sorry. I can see how hard that must be for you.”
“Yeah. But Walker…” Her eyes flew to mine in an apologetic look. “He found out that Andrea White is after Quinn and plans to make a play for him at the beach party. If she gets her hooks in him I’ll never have a chance, so I’ve got to be there to stop it. Somehow.”
“Are you sure you can’t just tell him the truth?”
She shuddered and looked down at her hands, which she was wringing in her lap. “I’m so scared, Delaney. It gets hard to breathe when I just think about talking to him in person. I’d be lucky to get two words out.”
“So how do you plan to stop this?”
“I don’t know! I’m going to have to wing it. But I need you there to support me until I can come up with something. I can be braver if I know you’re there, that I’m not all alone with all of those people.”
I really didn’t want to do it. I was terrified of what seeing Walker there, on that same beach where we had kissed, would do to the still-bleeding wound that was my heart. Especially if he was with London, which seemed highly likely.
But Molly was my friend, and she needed me. If she was going to fight this kind of battle I just couldn’t let her do it alone.
“I’ll go with you.”
She heaved a sigh and sagged with relief. “Thank you. You have no idea what this means to me.”
After the last week my lips weren’t used to it, but the smile that formed on them was genuine. “Actually, I think I just might.”
Nagging doubts remained, even though I knew I was doing the right thing by going along to hold Molly together. But if I ran into Walker, who was going to hold me together?
My nerves were wrecked by the time Molly picked me up later that night. The stars were out and the sky over the Gulf had darkened to midnight blue, while the west was a riotous swirl of purples and reds and golds. I tried to find some peace in the beauty of it, but my mind was racing a million miles a minute trying to prepare myself for every possible thing that might go wrong at the beach party.
Molly’s mom chattered as she drove, but both Molly and I were so wrapped up in our own heads that we couldn’t respond in anything but monosyllables. After a while she shook her head and sighed.
“You two look more like you’re going to a funeral than the coolest beach party of the year,” she grumbled.
Molly and I looked at each other and shared a wry smile. We were such a pair of dorks. Here we were going to the summer’s biggest party, and neither one of us expected to enjoy it for a minute. Lame!
A few of the new seniors’ families had beach houses on the same stretch of beach, so that’s where the party was. I was pretty sure that one of them was Ashton’s, but I couldn’t remember exactly. We got out of the car and stood for a minute staring at the crowd of teenagers milling around on the sand. There were volleyball nets set up, and a bonfire that was technically against the law but so long as no one got carried away with it the police usually didn’t make a fuss. Some of the group had hot dogs and hamburgers grilling, and there were coolers full of drinks set out near the grills.
I looked it over with a weird twinge of sadness. In another year it would be my class holding the party that everyone looked forward to with a sense of awe from the time they were in middle school. And then I’d be a senior, ready to graduate and go out into the world on my own and… I still had no idea what. It was going by too fast and I wasn’t remotely ready. Agitated, I pulled a piece of gum out of my pocket and hoped that the ritual of chewing it would calm my jangling nerves.
“Ready?” Molly asked breathlessly.
I nodded and we started down onto the beach. A couple of big guys at the edge of the crowd regarded us with naked skepticism. It was obvious that we weren’t seniors.
“Walker invited her,” Molly blurted out. “I’m here to make sure she gets home.”
As soon as she mentioned Walker’s name they relaxed. It was like some kind of magical talisman or something. I only wished that what she said had been true. Except I wasn’t supposed to wish that. I was supposed to wish that I didn’t want to wish for anything to do with Walker. Ugh. I was making my own head hurt.
No one else paid any attention to me after that, which didn’t bother me at all. I’d worn a pair of old, faded cutoffs and a black tank top and had my hair up in a ponytail. While trying to decide what to wear I’d decided I wasn’t interested in trying to impress anyone, so I’d gone with something comfortable that was unlikely to attract attention that I didn’t want.
Molly was turning heads, though. She had on a lacy, off-the-shoulder cropped top and a pair of white bikini bottoms with black polka-dots. Her outfit showed lots of skin and made her legs look longer than I knew they could possibly be. The breeze toyed gently with her golden curls, which caught gleams of the firelight as they danced in artless disarray around her face.
I sighed to myself. Why couldn’t I have been that pretty? If I was, I would not be sitting around pining over Walker. But when Molly reached down and gripped my hand so hard that it made me wince, I knew that I had nothing to be jealous of. I was the lucky one.
“You going to be okay?” I asked.
“Yeah.”
“Know what you’re going to do, yet?”
“No.”
As we wound our way through the crowds, the last traces of sunset faded away into full darkness. Even with the light from the bonfire and the tiki torches scattered around it grew hard to make out faces, especially when we got closer to the water and further from the light. I began to wonder if we weren’t wasting our time. How was Molly going to find Quinn in this? Our senior class wasn’t huge, but there had to be a couple of hundred people in the crowd around us.
To my relief there was no sign of Walker. I did spot London snuggled up with one of the baseball players by the bonfire, though. From the way they were mugging down, I figured whatever had been going on between her and Walker was over. I tried to dismiss that so I could focus on our hunt for Quinn. It was none of my business what those two did. I shouldn’t care at all. But most likely Walker had hooked up with one of his fangirls and was off in the darkness doing whatever it was that he did with them.
I couldn’t even think about that without my stomach hurting. Walker and his stupid skanks. Why had I thought it would be any different with me? My eyes started to burn. No doubt it was from the smoke rising from the bonfire.
I didn’t realize that Molly had stopped until her grip on my hand almost jerked me off my feet. She was staring into the shadows beneath a tall palm tree where two people stood talking and laughing together. When I squinted and strained my eyes I could just tell that the guy was Quinn. It was too dark to see his companion, although the giggling left no doubt that it was a girl.
Molly released her death grip on my hand and wet her lips. With a groan I looked around, hoping that no one else had noticed us. We couldn’t just stand here staring at them all night.
“What are you going to do?” I whispered urgently.
“Let me think. Let me think!”
Their laughter grew louder, and they moved a little closer to the light. I didn’t know the girl, but she wasn’t Andrea White. That didn’t seem to matter to Quinn, though, who was almost as used to girls throwing themselves at him as Walker.
“I’m going to go get a drink,” the girl said, tossing her hair playfully. “Be right back.”
“Molly?”
She didn’t answer. Instead she squared her shoulders and sauntered towards Quinn. I had no idea that she even knew how to saunter, but it seemed to work because she caught Quinn’s attention immediately. His posture shifted from relaxed to that of a lion watching a gazelle, while a wicked grin creased his face.
I knew how I’d feel under those circumstances with an audience, so I silently wished her luck and walked away. I had no idea what she intended to do, but I’d handled my part. I was going to find some out of the way place to lurk and avoid everyone else until Molly texted me that she was ready to go.
Doing my best to keep to the shadows, I edged around the firelight to head the other way up the beach. I passed laughing couples as they snuck away into the dunes to be alone, while others stood around holding hands or swayed in one another’s arms to the music coming from one of the nearby houses.
I felt a cold stab of envy at the sight of all of them so happy and relaxed, followed by a twisting pang of loss that squeezed my chest in a merciless grip. This party was not a place I needed to be right now. I drew myself up with a long, quivery breath and made myself stare out over the water at the twinkling lights in the distance until I had myself under control again. I refused to lose it here in front of all these people. Katy Hebert had done that at our sixth grade skating party when her boyfriend showed up with another girl, and people still called her Crybaby Katy. Later, when I got home, I’d let it all out.
The wind whispered to me while the sand beckoned to my toes, so I kicked off my flip flops and stepped onto the wet sand just in time for the surf to rush swirling around my ankles. As it receded again my feet began to sink, the warm sand squishing up between my toes. With a sigh, I closed my eyes and let the beach work its magic.
It wasn’t a cure, but I was starting to feel a little better when one word tore my composure to shreds.
“Delaney?”
I opened my eyes and found Walker before me, his face dappled by the stark shadows. Panic scorched through me, setting my nerves alight. I’d been so afraid of seeing him, and now that he was here I couldn’t bear facing him. Gasping, I spun and started running blindly back along the beach, my flip flops forgotten on the sand.
“Laney!” Walker called after me.
With no idea of where I was going, I sprinted off into the darkness. My only thought was to get away. I had to get away from him. My eyes burned with fresh tears that blurred my vision, and before long my breath was coming in ragged gasps from my tortured lungs. Then I missed my footing in the shadows and my ankle twisted, flinging me down onto the hard-packed sand. Before I could get up again Walker was there, kneeling beside me, his hands lifting me up.
“Are you all right?”
Even though I could barely see his face, there was no mistaking the concern in his voice. Emotions surged through me, threatening to overwhelm what scraps of control I had left.
“Fine,” I gritted out.
“We need to talk.”
“No.” I shook my head emphatically. “There’s nothing to talk about.”
“Yeah, there is.”
I tried to pull away, but his hands gripped mine and I couldn’t jerk free. “Let me go.”
His fingers slowly relaxed their hold and he rocked back on his heels. “Please, Delaney. Don’t run away again.”
I was so stupid. Even after what he’d done, all I wanted to do was have him take me in his arms so I could bury my face against his chest and listen to his heart beating. And never, ever let go. Stupid, Laney. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
“All right,” I sighed.
“Look, I know you’re mad. You have every right to be, and I’m sorry. But what you saw wasn’t what you thought it was.”
The anger I’d been suppressing flared up brighter than the bonfire. Maybe I was hopelessly in love with the jerk, but I still had some pride left.
“Yeah, right,” I snarled. “I guess seeing London plastered all over you like a bad rash was just my imagination?”
Walker lifted his hands palm up as if to surrender. “Laney—”
“Don’t call me that!”
He took a deep breath. “Delaney. London was there that day with someone else.”
That earned him a bitter laugh. “And that makes it better? You messed with my feelings and those of the guy she was with?”
“Not exactly. I sort of asked him if I could borrow her.”
“You borrowed her? What kind of sick people are you?”
To my surprise he chuckled. “I’m not explaining myself very well. No, I didn’t borrow her like that. I just needed her for show. To make you jealous.”
I couldn’t possibly have heard that right. “What?”
“You came to the beach with your friends that day and you’d hardly even look at me. But then when that guy you used to date showed up you sat there and laughed and flirted with him.”
“I was not flirting!”
“From where I was sitting it sure looked like it. And the worst part was that I knew that you knew I was right there seeing the whole thing. It was like you were rubbing my nose in it or something.”
I gaped at him in shock. He seriously thought that I had done that to him? “I would never…” But my voice trailed off, because I had to admit that to Walker it really could have looked that way. Maybe this wasn’t completely his fault.
“I didn’t know that you’d seen me,” I said in a tiny voice. “I didn’t think you even knew that I was there.”
“And that’s why you were flirting with that guy?”
“I wasn’t flirting with him. He was my first—and so far only—boyfriend back in middle school. He moved away in the eighth grade and I hadn’t seen him since. We were just catching up and reminiscing.”
“And no flirting?”
“I don’t think so. He did ask me out, but I told him I was seeing someone. But I’m sorry if it looked like I was. I didn’t mean to make you jealous.”
He gave a soft laugh. “No one has ever made me jealous before, and I didn’t know what to do. I’ve never cared about what the other girls did, but I saw you laughing and smiling and looking so happy to be near him and it was like acid gnawing through my guts. All I could think of was trying to make you see that it didn’t bother me and to try to make you jealous at the same time. It was wrong and it was stupid, but nobody had ever hurt me before, Laney.”
I stared at him, wanting so badly to believe. More than anything, I wanted to believe him. But I’d been hurt too, and I’d be a fool to trust my heart to him again.
“I’m sorry, too. I had no intention of hurting you. But this is a bad idea. You’re going to get bored with me. Another London will come chasing after you and you’ll forget all about me. Or you’ll end up sticking around because you’re a nice guy and you don’t want to hurt my feelings. Then you’ll just end up resenting me.”
Walker tilted his head to the side as though weighing my words. “Maybe I deserve that. No, I definitely deserve that. But this thing with you is something different. I’ve never gone chasing after a girl before. I’ve never sent a girl texts first thing every morning before. And I’ve never wanted a relationship before. But all of these things that I’ve never wanted before, I want with you.”
My body started to tremble, and I couldn’t make it stop. “You mean that?”
“Yes, Laney. I tried telling you. I want you to be my girlfriend.”
The night held its breath while that thought took hold. Walker’s girlfriend. He’d never offered that to anyone else. He’d never put this kind of effort into any other girl. Did I dare believe him? What if he hurt me again?
On a night just like this I’d stood on this same beach in his arms and I’d felt that all was right with the world. I desperately wanted that again, but I’d never get it—with Walker or with anyone else—if I wasn’t willing to risk my heart.
“I guess if I can live in a haunted house, then being your girlfriend isn’t that scary.”
Walker stretched out his hands, and I laced my fingers through his. “There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
I was pretty sure that wasn’t true, but he pulled me forward into the circle of his arms. My heart started pounding as he bent forward and our lips merged softly, his kiss tender as though I was made of spun glass and he was afraid his touch would break me. His care for me melted my heart all over again, and I knew without a doubt that it belonged to him and no one else.
But I had his, too, and that meant that I had the ability to hurt him. I’d never had that kind of power over anyone before, and it was kind of terrifying and made me feel protective of him at the same time. So I’d have to be careful of his heart, just like he’d have to be careful of mine.
Then I quit thinking at all because his kiss drew me up into a sweet blaze of passion that heated me from the inside out, and the world faded away until there was nothing at all except the two of us in the whole of the night. And that was how Walker Dean and I fell in love.
Best. Summer. Ever.
The End
Keep reading for an excerpt of Molly’s story - Not Exactly Lying. If you would like to get an email when my next book comes out, sign up for my low calorie 100% spam-free newsletter.
Bayview High
     
Excerpt: Not Exactly Lying
“Quinn, if you don’t get back over here he’s going to shoot you.”
Quinn’s character, a tall, muscular blond not unlike his real-life perfection, continued walking casually along the edge of the rubble-strewn street. I scanned the buildings to our front through the scope of my sniper rifle and gritted my teeth. CowboyBob and SimoHayha’s teams were playing through the ruins with us in a player versus player deathmatch, and I was pretty sure that Hayha was camping in the bombed out office building in front of us. It was sniper Heaven, with good concealment to shoot from and cover for relocating after firing. Hayha was good—almost as good as me—which was why I figured he’d be in there. It was where I’d be.
And if Quinn didn’t get his stupid head down, he was going to get it shot off by Hayha or one of his team.
“Quinn, get back here now or I’m going to shoot you myself.”
Little flutters riffled through my stomach as his laughter came through my headset.
“I love it when you talk dirty to me, babe.”
I flushed, grateful that Delaney wasn’t watching me play today. Quinn never let up on the teasing and flirting. Too bad it was just another game he was playing. But at least he moved back to where the rest of our team was waiting in the wreckage of a parking garage so I didn’t have to listen to the other guys griping about favoritism when I didn’t carry out my threat.
“I wish you’d stop walking around out in the open like that. Do you have a death wish or something?”
“Aw, Val, I didn’t know you cared.”
“I don’t. I just can’t afford to lose another player.”
Trent had stepped on a mine, and Jason had been picked off almost the instant we spawned. I was pretty sure that had been CowboyBob’s doing. There were rumors that he was cheating, but since I liked the other people on his team I put up with it.
“Don’t be like that,” Quinn said, faking a hurt tone. “You’ll bruise my ego.”
As if. A dump truck couldn’t put a dent in Quinn’s ego. He was our varsity quarterback, six feet of broad shoulders and toned muscle with big, blue eyes you could fall straight into and lips that I had dreamed of kissing since the first time I’d seen them.
Of course most of the other girls in school had the same daydream, and Quinn always dated the hottest ones—for a few weeks, anyway, before moving on to the next one. Whatever it was he was looking for, he wasn’t finding it, and I wasn’t delusional enough to think that I’d be any different.
“I just don’t want you dead,” I grumbled.
“See? You really do care about me!” He pitched his voice to a sexy murmur. “Want to sneak off by ourselves behind the garage after you waste Hayha?”
Yes. “No! Quinn, you are the biggest pain in my—”
“Ten o’clock—third window from the end,” he said. “Go get some, babe.”
I glanced around the corner, struggling to ignore the babe thing, and made myself as small a target as possible. Oh, sweet. It was Hayha, just like I’d thought, waiting to hit us as we came out of the garage to cross the street. That sneaky little…
Dylan, who was being my bodyguard today, eased back so he could cover me. “Have you got a shot?” he asked.
I frowned as I studied the layout. Hayha had picked a fantastic position. Anywhere I moved to get a bead on him would leave me exposed to him, which would be very bad.
“If I try it he’s going to see me, and since he’s already in position odds are he’ll get off a shot before I do.”
“We’ll just have to give him something else to look at, then,” Quinn said. “Come on, Dylan. Let’s see if we can get his attention without getting ourselves killed for a change.”
They darted out through a sagging door frame and began moving along the edge of the street, taking advantage of every bit of cover they could find. Hayha would be looking for me, but he couldn’t afford to ignore them when they were moving towards his position. In a stand up fight they’d slaughter him. I gave it a ten count then slid around the corner and lifted my rifle. Hayha was still there, but now his attention was on the others. Biting my lip, I lined up the shot and fired.
“Boom. Headshot,” I announced. “So long, Hayha.”
“You got him?” Dylan asked.
“I got him.”
Quinn cackled like a maniac. “Valkyrie, you are the bomb.”
“Let’s go clear the rest of them up.”
Without Hayha to lead them, his team fell apart. Thirty minutes later it was all over, although only Quinn and Dylan had survived on my team. Quinn was still laughing over the ambush we’d suckered CowboyBob’s team into.
“Babe, we make such a killer team. Don’t you think we’d be just as hot in real life?”
“Let’s never find out.”
Dylan groaned in disgust. “You two either need to get a room or give it up. This constant flirting is making me nauseous.”
“I am not flirting with him!”
“You totally are,” Quinn said.
“Dream on.”
“You love it and you know it, babe.”
“All right,” Dylan grumbled. “I’m done. Later, you two.”
After he disconnected, only Quinn and I were left. My heart gave a little skip as I awaited the inevitable. He pushed a little bit harder every time.
“Tell me who you really are.”
“Not a chance.”
“But I can’t go out with you if you won’t tell me.”
“Why do you want to go out with me? You don’t even know me.”
The teasing banter left his voice. “Because you’re smart, you’re sassy, you’re confident, and you can lead a team of high school guys who’d trash any other girl who tried in about ten seconds. That makes you pretty awesome.”
I sighed as a wave of sadness swept through me. I wasn’t any of those things—not really. It was something I could do when I was safe in my own home playing a game with people I didn’t have to be in the same room with—that was all. It was a role I put on like a Halloween costume. It didn’t mean anything at all outside of that.
“Maybe I’m hideous. For all you know I’m a troll or something.”
“Somehow I don’t think so. But it wouldn’t matter. I like you, Val.”
I wanted what he was offering more than I’d ever wanted anything else in my whole life, but I couldn’t have it. Couldn’t have him. Guys like Quinn weren’t for girls like me. And knowing that made me hurt so bad I could barely breathe.
“You don’t know me at all,” I told him, and it was only the sad truth. “I need to go. Later.”
“Bye, babe.” 
My eyes were burning with tears I refused to shed when I killed the session and powered off the game console. As I pulled the headset over my curls a bitter laugh forced its way past my throat. Smart. Sassy. Confident. What would Quinn say if he found out that Valkyrie was really The Ditz, the school’s poster girl for dumb blonde jokes? How fast would he run if he found out she was the girl who barely passed her classes and hardly ever said a word to anyone? 
I could tolerate the blonde jokes. Putting up with a high school full of kids who thought it was a riot to set off the panic attacks that usually left me huddled in a bathroom stall for hours was a different story. That had been the story of my life until I’d moved here at the start of my sophomore year. That was when I came up with The Plan.
I was going to be ignored. I was going to be invisible.
If people think you’re not very bright—if you never understand anything that they’re talking about and you never have anything interesting or funny to say—after a while they tend to leave you alone. They stop trying to include you. They stop calling on you in class. And what fun is picking on someone who doesn’t even get the joke? After a while you just sort of fade into the background. I’d spent my entire sophomore year attracting no more attention than the plastic potted plants in the classrooms, which after what I’d gone through in school before had been pure Heaven.
I couldn’t take a chance on anyone finding out the truth. Word would get out around school and I’d be right back to throwing up in the bathroom every day. Even worse, the other gamers I played with would find out and I’d lose the one real social outlet I had. So Quinn was never going to find out Valkyrie’s real identity. No matter how much I wished I could tell him.
So I’d play online games with Quinn and admire him from a distance and wish, but that was all it could ever be. At least this way I got to talk to him and spend time with him and know that there was something about me that he liked, even if it was just in cyberspace. That was way more than I’d ever imagined I’d get when I started falling for him a year ago.
Get Not Exactly Lying and read the rest of Molly’s story.

About the Author
I’m a native Texan, and I live in south Texas where I spend as much time as I can at the beach. I’m a recent college grad (journalism with creative writing), and I live with my two rescue kitties in a little apartment just across the street from the beach. When I’m not working or at the beach, I’m usually staying up way too late drinking way too much coffee while scribbling away on my current masterpiece-in-progress.
Did I mention that I like the beach? :-)
I’m a firm believer in True Love. I grew up reading romance and fell in love with falling in love. That’s probably why I decided I wanted to write my own stories. I had filled up a big stack of those giant spiral notebooks before I graduated from high school, and worked my way through several more while I was in college. After I got my degree, I decided that if I was going to do all of this writing I really ought to try publishing some of it. Since I’ve got all of the patience of a fruit fly with ADHD, I decided to self publish instead of spending who knows how long trying to find an agent and mailing manuscripts back and forth. We’ll see how it works out.
You can stalk me on my blog at https://melodysummers.wordpress.com.

