A Life Worth Fighting
By Brenda Kennedy
****
SMASHWORDS EDITION
***
Dedicated with much love and respect to my brother David.   
Copyright 2015 by Brenda Kennedy
***
This story is part of a trilogy. Books 1 and 2 have cliffhangers.
***
Chapter One: Fight Night
Robert
I kiss my wife, Leah, goodbye before I head out for my morning run. I’m currently training for my first boxing match in almost two years. Life interfered with my dreams, wreaking havoc on everything I once held near and dear.  
I dress in gray sweats and a gray hoodie. Before I head out the door for my roadwork exercise, I secure my iPod to my arm. Sure, running builds endurance, but I also do it to clear the thoughts from my head. I double-check the time on my watch, lock up the house, and I’m off. The song “The Eye of the Tiger” is set on repeat on my iPod and pounds in my ear through the earbuds. I know it’s cliché, but what can I say? I’m a Rocky Balboa fan. When I hear that song, I feel like I can take on the world. 
I let my feet pound into the pavement and let the music set my running pace. It’s a 15-mile run, and I have the time down to a science. Midway through my run, I stop at the local florist, as I do once a week. 
“Good morning, Bobby.” 
“Hello, Mrs. Ford.” Mrs. Ford is the elderly woman who owns and runs the floral shop.  
“It’s a beautiful day today.” 
“Yes, ma’am, it is. May I have a dozen pink roses, please?” 
“I have them all ready for you.” 
I pay for my purchase, thank her, and head towards the door. “Bobby, will I see you next week?” 
“Yes, Mrs. Ford. Thank you and have a nice day.” 
“You, too, dear.”  
I run the short distance to the cemetery and kneel in front of the black and gold tear shaped tombstone with the name “Jamie Sue Grether.” I place today’s fresh roses down and remove the flowers from last week. Deep breaths help me to keep my anger under control as I wipe the tombstone off with the clean cloth I carry in my hoodie pocket just for this purpose. I kiss my index and middle fingers and press them gently to her name that is engraved in gold.  
I turn to leave, and I swear another piece of my heart stays there with Jamie. I turn up the music on my iPod and pound my feet into the cement in time with the music until I reach home.  
“How was your run?”  
I look up and see that my wife, Leah, is in the kitchen having a cup of coffee. She is standing at the stove wearing a white blouse, a gray pencil skirt, and gray heels. I smile as soon as I see her. I look at my watch, and I am pleasantly surprised that I shaved off another minute from my running time.  
“It was good. I made better time today.”  
“Did you make all your stops today?” Leah is referring to the stops at the florist and to see Jamie. 
“I did. Let me shower, then we’ll have breakfast together before you leave.” 
“Sounds good.”  
I walk over and kiss her before I disappear into the back room. When we bought the house, Leah and I turned a room in the back of the house into a training room for me. It has everything I need to train, plus a shower. It was Leah’s idea; she didn’t want me stinking up the house with my sweaty clothes.  
Leah and I dated in high school. She went on to college, where she took business courses while I trained to be a pro-boxer. It was my dream, even as a small child. I honestly believe I would have reached my goal of being world champion by now if life hadn’t interfered in the cruelest way. 
After my shower, I return from the back room, and Leah is just finishing making breakfast. We eat together in the eat-in kitchen and talk over a breakfast of oatmeal, whole-wheat toast, and fresh strawberries. Leah knows that while she works I’ll spend the majority of my day training. 
“What are your plans today?” I ask. 
“I thought I would go to work, then stop by the store on my way home. I need to get a few things.” 
“I can go to the store after my workout if you want.” 
“Good, I need an ovulation kit and some tampons.” She smiles, and I know she is laughing on the inside. 
I smile, too. I’m not going to the store for that kind of stuff. “Is there anything else you want me to do today?” 
“After you go to the store?” she asks.  
“Instead of,” I correct.  
“Don’t want to go to the store?” she asks. 
“No.” 
“I didn’t think so. I have a shipment of books and supplies coming in today. Do you want to come over and help me put those away?” 
“I can do that,” I say as I finish off my orange juice.  
“Good, it’s going to be a significant delivery.” Leah stands and takes our empty bowls into the kitchen. I stand and follow behind her with the juice glass and empty coffee cups. 
Leah turns around and hugs me. “I need to go before I’m late. I’ll see you around 6:00 p.m.?” 
“Six it is. I love you, Sweets. Have a good day at work.” 
“Have a good day at home.” She giggles. “I love you, Robert.”  
Leah and our parents are the only people who call me Robert; everyone else calls me Bobby. I kiss her one last time, inhaling her scent of buttercream and vanilla. Since she owns a bakery, coffee shop, and bookstore combined, her scent is unique to her. “Be careful, Sweets, and I’ll see you at 6:00,” I say as I hold the door open for her. 
“Sure you don’t want to pick up my tampons and ovulation kit for me?” she teases.  
“Positive.” I watch as she gets into the Tahoe, buckles up, and pulls out of the driveway.  
My phone rings and I’m surprised to see it’s from my trainer, Gus. 
“Hey, Gus, what’s up?” 
“I have some news.” 
“Did Kennedy accept my challenge?” Abel Kennedy is the heavyweight champion. 
“Haven’t heard anything back from him, and I won’t because you’re not a contender yet. Two years ago you were a contender; now you are an opponent. Remember: This is your first fight in two years. Kennedy will ignore you until you do something impressive — in more than just one fight — that makes it impossible for him to ignore you. I’m calling to remind you of the scheduled fight for Friday, 8:00 p.m., in Chicago, against Bailey — John Bailey. Not that you need reminding, I should hope.” 
I laugh and say, “He sounds like a sissy.”  
Laughing, Gus says, “Don’t let his name fool you. They call him ‘Stone,’ because he hits like a rock,” Gus adds. “He is a good fighter. You still have a reputation, so I was able to get him to fight you. He is a much better fighter than anyone else you would get a fight with after such a long layoff. If you can defeat him, I can get you a better fighter for your next fight. If you lose, it will be difficult to work yourself up to contender status. Remember: You lost one of your best fighting years to drugs. Make that two years: It took another year for you to recover from drug addiction and to get back into fighting shape.”  
I think back to the year that I lost Jamie. It was by far the toughest year of my life. Leah and I both fell into comas after the car accident. When I woke up, I learned my daughter was dead and her funeral had already passed. Leah was still in a coma. I remember thinking that she won’t wake up and if she did wake up, she would blame me for the accident that took our Jamie from us, forever. I ran away and turned to drug abuse and addiction that almost killed me. Cheating on my wife was another huge mistake. I guess almost dying from a drug overdose is what ultimately saved me and saved my marriage. Well, not the overdose; what saved me was that Leah found me, with the help of the police, in the hospital. Luckily for me, Leah loved me unconditionally. She helped me detox, forgave my infidelity and encouraged me to fight again, although she hates it.  
“What time do we leave?” 
“We fly out Friday morning at 8:00. Make sure your dad is going, and I’ll get him a seat.” 
“I’ll call him and get back with you. Leah’s dad may want to go too.”  
“Meet me at Upper Cut tomorrow morning for your workout, and do your homework on John Bailey before the fight. There are some online videos of him that I want you to watch.” 
“Sounds good, see ya tomorrow.” 
Now I have to figure out how I’m going to tell Leah. She won’t be happy, although she knows it’s coming. I call my dad to let him know about the fight and to fill him in on what I know. Gus is my trainer, but my dad is my coach and has never missed a fight. “Hey, Dad.” 
“Robert, I was just thinking of you. How are you, Son?” 
“I’m good, Gus called about the fight for this Friday.”  
“With who?” 
“I wish with Kennedy. It’s with some guy named John Bailey.” 
“John ‘Stone’ Bailey?” 
“Yeah, that’s him.” 
“He’s pretty good, Robert. What time are we leaving Friday?” 
“Gus said we’ll fly out Friday at 8:00 a.m. The fight starts at 8:00 p.m.” 
“Sounds good, I’ll call him when I hang up from you so I can get some more details. Do you feel ready for this, Son?” I can hear the concern in his voice. 
“I’m in the best shape of my life. I am definitely ready for this.” 
“That’s my boy. I’m gonna call Gus so I’ll talk to you later.” 
“Call Tim first and ask him if he wants to go.” 
“Okay, I’ll do that.” 
“Thank you. See ya soon.” I down some water before heading in the back room to begin my workout. I suddenly have a rush of adrenaline running through my body. Just the thought of being in the ring again after being absent for two years gets my heart pumping. 
Leah
I pull up at work and admire the sign hanging over the door: Jamie’s Cozy Corner: Books, Coffee, & Sweets. It’s Your One-Stop Shop. Some of the other names we considered were Espresso Yourself, The Ends Justify the Coffee Beans and Books, The Book Brewhaha, Hipstir and Read, Sipster and Read, Coffee Bean There Read That, Grounds for Thoughts, Caffeinated and Literate, and The Notorious C.O.F.F.E.E. Reading Shop. We did not consider naming it Read Here and Get Fat. 
The store is less than a year old and has proven to be very successful. Being an avid reader and a girl, I decided with Robert’s approval to open up a bookstore where you could sit, read, and enjoy a pastry and coffee. I walk into the bookstore, coffee shop, and bakery and the aroma of freshly baked pastries immediately make my mouth water. One benefit of owning a bakery is that you never need to buy air freshener.  
Jo comes out from the back carrying a tray of freshly baked cinnamon buns. 
“Jo, those smell marvelous.” 
“I made extra today since you said you ran out early yesterday. I even put a couple back for Bobby, too.” 
“Good, the customers and Robert will be pleased.” 
I walk in the back room and help Jo place the pastries, sweet rolls, and mini-desserts into the glass display case. Jo comes in very early in the morning and does all of the baking for the shop. Once the sweets are all displayed, I prop the front door open and set out the four small bistro tables and chairs on the sidewalk. Once inside, I fluff the gray and yellow feather throw pillows sitting on the three overstuffed gray couches. Next, I rearrange the children’s tables and chairs and the beanbag chairs. Standing back, I scan the shop, and I am very pleased with the way it looks. It looks and feels very comfortable, casual, and inviting. It makes me want to purchase a book, coffee, and a pastry and sit down to read. This is exactly the look and feel I was hoping to get.  
“Leah, do you need me for anything else?” 
I walk over to Jo and say, “No, thank you so much. The pastries all smell and look delicious.” 
“If they didn’t, I wouldn’t be doing my job,” Jo says, laughing.  
“No, I suppose not. But I appreciate it all the same.” 
“You’re welcome, Leah. I’ll see you tomorrow. The coffee decanters are all filled and ready to go.” The bell over the front door alerts us that a customer is coming in. “And not a minute too soon either,” Jo says, patting my arm. 
“Thank you,” I say to Jo. “Good morning,” I say, greeting the woman and a young girl.  
“Good morning, where would your children’s books be?” 
“In the back to the right,” I smile. 
“Thank you.” 
“Do you want me to help out until Bethany comes in?” Jo asks. 
“No, Jo, thank you. She’ll be here any minute now.” 
“Call me if you need me,” she says as she gathers her purse and car keys. 
“I’ll be okay.” I walk Jo to the door and hug her goodbye. 
A few more customers come in before I ring up the purchase for the woman and the child. I am happy when they buy the cinnamon rolls, drinks, and a few books. One book is The Animal Family by Randall Jarrell with illustrations by Maurice Sendak. One of its themes is that you don’t need to be biologically related to be family; you can make your own family out of the people — and animals, and in the book, a mermaid — around you. I watch as they make their way over to the overstuffed couch to eat and read. The little girl looks over her shoulder and waves and smiles at me before she sits down.  
The bell over the door rings again, and I’m happy when I see Bethany walking in. “Looks like you’ve been busy,” she says as she places her purse underneath the counter. 
“A little. I didn’t expect such an early rush.” 
Bethany immediately starts wiping down the coffee station and straightening the pillows in the seating area.  
A delivery comes in of supplies and books so I attend to that in the back while Bethany attends the shop. The day goes by quickly and before I know it, Robert is walking through the front door. I watch him as he struts to the counter. He is wearing a tight gray tee shirt, ripped jeans, and boots. His hair is still damp and curly. He smiles and says, “Hi, Bethany.” 
“Hey, Bobby,” she replies.  
“How was your day, Sweets?” he says as he leans over the counter to kiss me. 
“Busy, how was yours?” I say, and then I kiss him back. 
“Also busy,” he says. “I fought a punching bag all morning.” 
“Who won?” I joke. 
“Have you no faith in me? I almost always win.” He smiles and walks over to the counter and pours himself a cup of coffee. “Did your books and supplies come in?” 
“They did; they’re still in the boxes in the back.” 
“Leah, if you get tired of standing around, come back and help me.” He gives me his dimpled smile, and before I can argue, he’s gone. 
Bethany laughs, and I have to laugh, too. “Since I’m not doing anything, after I ring up this customer I’ll go in the back and help Robert with the supplies and books.”  
Once the books are restocked on the shelves, Robert puts the supplies away while Bethany and I clean up and restock for the next day. Robert brings in the bistro tables and chairs from the sidewalk and asks, “Ready, Sweets?”  
“Almost,” I say.  
Bethany reaches for her purse from under the counter, and I get the cinnamon buns that Jo put aside for Robert. “Are those what I think they are?” Robert asks, smiling. 
“They are,” I say, holding the box up to my nose to inhale the smell of the cinnamon buns. 
“Man, I love Jo.” 
“Obviously she loves you, too,” Bethany says as she walks towards the door. “She didn’t put any back for me,” she says over her shoulder. “If that’s not on your diet, I’ll gladly take those off your hands for you,” she says, laughing.  
I say, “These aren’t on your diet either, Bethany.” 
“I’ve been on a diet for the last six years and don’t remind me. Now I’m hungry.” 
Robert looks over at me as if he is trying to decide if she is kidding or not. I just smile. If he were a girl, he would know that’s probably the truth. Some women have been hungry for twenty or more years. Other women are fat and happy and made of sugar and spice, aka cinnamon buns. 
Robert is not a woman, so he chows down. 
“I’m surprised you are stuffing your face with Jo’s famous cinnamon buns.” I say, and I can see him trying to hide his grin.  
 “I know. I just can’t resist those things.”  
“Try harder, will ya? I may have to nickname you Doughboy before long.”  
“Doughboy?” He laughs. “That’s it, I’m done with those things.”  
“Until tomorrow morning.” 
We lock up the shop and leave together. Robert and I stop by the store to get a few things, and he pretends to be shopping for something else while I buy my personal items. I buy a few pregnancy tests, just in case. I have never tried the ovulation kits before, so I’m not certain how well they work. We should know in a few months if they worked or not.  
On the drive home, Robert is more quiet than usual. “What’s on your mind? You’re uncharacteristically quiet this evening.”  
“I’m just thinking about the fight: Friday at 8:00 p.m. in Chicago,” he says without looking over at me. “We’re flying out Friday morning at 8:00 and I plan to return home first thing Saturday morning. If I win this fight, I move up the food chain.” 
“I know Gus is going, but is your dad going, too?” They always go with Robert and sometimes my dad will go with them. Robert’s mom, my mom, and I stay home and attempt to watch the fight together. The fight is always on, but sometimes I can’t watch it. Boxing is brutal, and I don’t like watching my Robert fight. If the fight is brutal, and most are, I spend most of my time waiting in the bathroom for it to be over. The only fights I can bear to watch all the way through are the rare ones that quickly end with a knockout. 
“Yes, they both are going. Don’t worry, Leah. I’ll be okay.”  
“You don’t know that.” My bottom lip begins to quiver, and I bite it to make it stop.  
“Leah, I do know that. You’ll see.” 
Robert leaves before me in the morning for his run. He always wakes me and kisses me before leaving. He has been training hard for the last several months. I know he is in great shape, but I know his opponent will also be in great shape. I call his mom before I leave for work and speak briefly to her about the fight on Friday. As always, we make plans to be together to watch it. I’m thankful I have her to help me get through it.  
Bethany picks me up for work since I left my car there last night when I rode home with Robert. I go to work, and I feel like I am surrounded by friends, although the customers are mostly strangers. The shop is a great place to be, even if I am there working. I like being surrounded by like-minded people who share my love for books and for reading. Bethany and Jo have proven to be great assets to me and to the shop. Jo leaves, and Bethany and I work steadily and clean up as we go. 
The bell rings over the door. I’m pleasantly surprised to see Brooke walking in the shop. She walks in, takes a big whiff, and says, “Please, tell me you have something sweet left.”  
I laugh and say, “I think we have some cherry tarts left.” 
“Perfect, I’ll take one and a coffee.” 
I ring her order up, and she asks, “Do you have a minute to talk?” 
Bethany tells me she’ll manage the register. “Sure, let’s sit down.” I wave my hand in the direction of the over-stuffed couches. 
She tells me that she has self-published a cliffhanger romance trilogy and asks me if I would sell her paperback books in the store. She tells me her books are available only at on-line bookstores, but it would mean a lot to her if I would sell them here. I use Google to search her name on my phone and see her books have great reviews. I also take notice that most of the bad reviews are from people who claim to not like cliffhangers. 
“You’re ranking very high,” I admit. 
“Thank you. My books are selling very well.”  
“One of your reviews says, ‘Pfft.....I enjoyed this read until I got to the end but there was no ending, it was like jumping off of a cliff. BE Alert this is a to be continued book. For this reason, I will not be reading other books by this author. However, it was easy to fabricate an ending which I did. What does this tell you?’ That’s a little harsh and unfair,” I say sadly. 
“That’s nothing, there’s more just like that. Read another one, they are quite amusing,” Brooke insists. 
“Oh, here’s one, ‘Very abrupt ending...cliffhanger. I don’t appreciate that! I didn’t enjoy the author’s writing style enough to justify purchasing the next book.’” We both laugh and I say, “She enjoyed it enough to finish it.”  
“Let’s read a good review. ‘Loved the writing of this book and I really loved the story. Great book. Can’t wait to read the next one.’ Aww, this is sweet.” 
“I learned that I can’t please everyone,” Brooke admits. “Some hate them while others love them. My books are about this alpha male named Dante, who falls in love with Amber. He’s a boxer, and she was a school teacher who was beaten and raped by a student on school property.” 
“Oh, my God,” I gasp, holding my hand to my heart.  
“The book focuses on Amber’s strengths and it also shows that even an alpha male can love tenderly and sweetly.” 
“Aww, I love it.” I read the synopsis on the back and say, “This sounds like a really good book.” 
“Thank you. It was tough at first. I put the first e-book up for sale for $2.99 and I sold only four copies in two months, then I took it off because I was so embarrassed. I decided to change the ending to a cliffhanger, I gave it away free, and I wrote two more books to make a trilogy.” 
“And the other two books are selling?” 
“Yes, go figure,” she laughs. “I do spend two hours a night self-promoting my free book. Each book I give away can possibly result in two sales — more, if I write additional books.”  
 “I would be honored to have your books for sale here.” 
“Really?” she asks in disbelief. 
“Yes, I’ll set up a nice display and promote you as a local author.” 
“Oh, Leah. Thank you.” 
“How many books do you have with you right now?” 
“I think I have 10 sets of the trilogy in the car.” 
“If you supply me the books, do you think 40% is fair for my share? You provide the books.” 
“I thought your share would be more. Is that enough, Leah?” 
“It’s plenty. Go get the books; I have the perfect spot for them.” 
While Brooke runs out to get the books, I clear off a small white linen-draped table and place three bookstands on it. She comes in with a large tote of books. I arrange the books on the table and step back to take a look.  
Brooke says, “I have some bookmarks if you want to give them away with the books. I use them instead of business cards.”  
“Oh, that’s a good idea.” I take them from her and scatter them on the small table. The bookmarks are glossy, 2x5 inch with each book cover of her trilogy printed on it. Her name and webpage are located on the back. “Perfect and very cute. People love free stuff even if they have to purchase something to get it.” 
“Thank you so much, Leah.” 
“No problem, call me in a few days to see how they are selling.” 
“I will, thanks again,” she says as she leaves.  
Bethany leaves to get us food for lunch. We try hard to not eat the sweets that Jo makes. They are delicious but are not on our diet.  
Like clockwork, Robert shows up precisely at 6:00. He restocks the shelves of books and the other supplies while Bethany and I clean up and vacuum. Since we own the shop, we do the cleaning and restocking ourselves. We bring in the bistro tables and chairs from the sidewalk before heading home.  
“Do you want to eat out tonight?” Robert asks before I get into my SUV. 
 “You don’t want to eat at home?” 
“I just thought we could eat out.” 
“Okay, lead the way and I’ll follow you.” Robert kisses me before shutting my car door. I buckle up and wait for him to pull out in front of me.  
Robert
Last night while Leah slept, I watched the videos of John ‘Stone’ Bailey, on YouTube and Break.com. I watched and re-watched them until I got his boxing moves memorized. I have watched these videos many times in the past couple of months. He’s good, but he’s repetitive. That’s the number one mistake in boxing: repetition. In the morning, I kiss a sleeping Leah goodbye and run the 15 miles to meet Gus at Upper Cut Boxing for training. When I say I’m in the best shape of my life, I mean it.  
Gus asks, “Are you ready?” 
I reply, “Let’s dance.” 
My dad walks in a few minutes later and gives me some pointers. I’m not surprised to see him here. I knew Gus would let him know where we would be. My dad wraps my hands before he gloves me up. I meet my sparring opponent, who is already in the ring waiting for me. The guy is good, and he is here for training as well. We often go at it in ring for training purposes. After 12 rounds and we are both still standing, I know it was a good fight, for him and for me. Gus and Dad go over my moves and strategies with me for the fight Friday night. I listen and put what they tell me to memory.  
“We’ll leave for the airport at 5:30 Friday morning,” Gus says. “Be ready, I’ll get your dad and then we’ll swing by and get you.” 
“Sounds good. I want to be on an early morning flight home, Saturday.”  
Gus says, “I figured you would; it’s already taken care of. We fly back home at 9:00 a.m. Saturday. Rest up tonight and I’ll see you back here tomorrow morning.” 
“I wish you would give yourself time to recuperate before returning home after the fight, Friday,” my dad says with concern in his voice.  
“Why? I plan to kick his ass quickly. I won’t need time to recoup.” 
“That’s my boy.” 
“See ya both, tomorrow.” I run the 15 miles home and shower before I call Leah to tell her I am on my way. I dress in jeans, a tee, and boots for Leah’s benefit. Although she knows that I was training today, I don’t want to remind her by showing up in my workout gear. Leah and I have a routine, and I try very hard to stick to it.  
When I show up at the shop, Leah has everything done. “Were you slow today?” 
“No, but we did have some downtime today, so we were able to stay on top of things,” Leah says. 
I walk over to Leah and kiss her and then ask, “Is there anything in the back that needs to be done?” 
“No, nothing. We didn’t have a delivery today. I probably should have called you to tell you not to come, Robert. I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking.” 
“Don’t be, I would have come anyway. Did Bethany leave early today?” I look around the shop and I don’t see her. 
“I let her go at 5:00. I didn’t see a need for her to stay.” 
“Leah, you know I don’t like you being here alone.”  
“Robert, I’m all right,” she calls over her shoulder as she gets her purse from her office. 
When she returns, I say, “If you’re going to be here alone, would you at least lock the doors from now on?” 
“No, then the shop will appear to be closed.” She smiles and walks over to me and says, “But I will call you so you can come over and sit with me if that’ll make you feel better.” 
“It will, thank you.”  
Leah and I have dinner with her parents at their home tonight. We drive together, leaving Leah’s car at the shop. We talk about everything but my fight on Friday.  
“Did I tell you that Brooke’s books almost sold out?” she asks with excitement in her voice. 
“No, you didn’t. I’m a little surprised by that,” I admit. 
“You shouldn’t be. Locals love supporting other locals. Especially when the local author writes romance books.”  
“That makes sense. But since she is a new self-published author, I thought maybe people would be leery of that.” 
“Her book covers are professionally done; that helps. She’ll be glad to hear that they’re selling so well,” Leah says. “I’ll need to call her and tell her to bring in some more books when she gets a chance.” 
We pull up at Leah’s parents’ house and find both of her parents in the kitchen. Her mother, Sue, is standing at the stove while her father, Tim, is sitting at the bar telling jokes. Leah and I walk in and Leah says, “Dad, how many times are you going to tell that joke?” 
“Well, there they are,” Tim says as he stands up to hug Leah, then me. “As long as your mother laughs at it, I’m going to keep telling it.”  
Leah walks over to the stove and hugs her mom. “Mom, is that Grandma’s homemade spaghetti sauce you’re making?” 
“It is,” she says proudly.  
“No one cooks as good as you, Sue,” I say, inhaling the delicious aroma of Italian cooking. The three secrets of real Italian cooking are garlic, garlic, and garlic. 
Sue removes her apron and walks over to hug me. “I made it just for you, Robert.”  
Leah and Tim both clear their throats at the same time and we all laugh.  
“What about us?” Tim asks, trying to look serious. 
“I made it for the both of you, too.” Sue laughs and walks back over to put her apron back on to finish cooking the pasta sauce. The words on her apron say, “I don’t need a recipe. I’m Italian.” 
“Yeah, sure you did.” Leah laughs. “We know who she really loves,” Leah says, walking over to sit next to her dad. 
“And it ain’t us,” her dad jokes.  
Leah helps her mom set the table while Tim and I walk outside. “I hear you have a fight coming up?” 
“Yes, my first fight in two years. On Friday. In Chicago.” 
“Gus called and told me. I’m able to go, after all.” 
“Good.” 
“You just focus on the win.” 
“Thank you, I intend to.” 
That night Leah sleeps cuddled close to me with one of her legs thrown over mine, one of her arms around my stomach, and her head resting on my chest. I know she is worried about me and I love her for it.  
Leah gets up with me in the morning. I had intended for her to sleep in, but she insisted on getting up. While I shower, she makes us a healthy, low-carb, high-protein breakfast, including a protein shake. We have breakfast together and she doesn’t mention the fight. In fact, she avoids it. If she doesn’t want to talk about it, we don’t have to.  
She kisses me goodbye and stands at the door and watches me until I’m out of her sight. I run the 15 miles to Upper Cut while listening to Survivor’s “Eye of the Tiger” on repeat. There’s just something about that song that fills my body with adrenaline. I love the rush I get from the combination of the song and running. 
I walk into Upper Cut expecting to see the ring set up for me. I’m surprised to see it is already being occupied by two other boxers. Gus and Dad are standing over near the speed bag, talking. I grab a bottle of water and down it as I walk over to them. “There’s sleeping beauty,” Gus jokes. 
I look at the clock and it is 6:05 a.m. “Sorry I’m late,” I say sarcastically. “There was heavy traffic on the 15 miles of sidewalk I ran on this morning.” I look at the speed bag and then the heavy bag. “I could have stayed home to do these.” I nod in the direction of both punching bags. 
“We know, we think it’ll be better if you to do them here,” my dad says. “We believe the atmosphere at the gym and the boxing ring will keep you motivated.” 
I sit down while my dad wraps my hands and Gus gloves me up. The song “The Eye of the Tiger” plays over the intercom and my heart begins to race. Man, I love that song and the adrenaline it brings with it.  
“Are you ready, Bobby?” Gus asks.  
I stand up and say, “Let’s dance.”  
I stop only long enough to rehydrate and eat. After I spend time on the speedball and heavy weight, I go 12 rounds in the ring with a new sparring partner.  
Later that night Leah and I have a quiet dinner at home. She helps me pack for my boxing trip. I watch as she walks into the bathroom and returns with some Neosporin ointment, gauze wrap, and tape, and tosses them into the duffle bag.  
I look at her in disbelief. “Sweets, I wish you had more faith in me than that.” 
“I do; these are for your opponent,” she lies.  
“If those are for my opponent, he’ll need more than that.” 
She walks back into the bathroom and tosses another package of gauze into the duffle bag. We go to bed and watch a little television before we make love.  
Afterward, she cuddles into me and shares her concerns with me about the fight. 
“I’m afraid you’ll get hurt,” she says as she traces circles on my chest. 
I kiss her forehead and ask, “You’re afraid I’ll get hurt or worse?” 
“Both,” she admits. 
I kiss her forehead again and say, “Don’t be afraid, Leah. I give you my word that I’ll be home unharmed.”  
She looks up at me and as seriously as she can, she says, “Robert if you lie to me, I swear I’ll hurt you myself.”  
I laugh and say, “Fair enough.” 
We sleep intertwined with each other until the alarm goes off. When I return from my shower, Leah isn’t in bed. I quickly dress and find her in the kitchen.  
“I thought you could use this,” she says as she hands me a protein drink. 
“Thank you, but you should have stayed in bed.”  
“I couldn’t sleep,” she admits.  
I lean in, take her by the arm, and pull her into me. “Please, don’t worry about me.” I kiss her and hold her close. I see headlights coming up from the driveway and I know it’s Dad, Tim, and Gus. 
“I can’t help but worry.” 
Leah
Robert gave me his word that he’ll be home uninjured. I know he can’t promise me something like that. He has no way of knowing that for certain. I stand at the door and wave as they pull off. I have a smile on my face and tears in my eyes. I don’t want him to see me cry. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to my Robert fighting; I’ll always fear for his life. As soon as the brake lights are out of view, I close the door and cry.  
I call Robert’s mom, Margie, and invite her to my parents’ house tonight. She worries about Robert as much as I do. I go in to work and go through the motions. My thoughts are only on Robert and his fight.  
“Are you all right?” Bethany asks. 
With a slight smile, I look at her and say, “I am, why?” 
“You just don’t seem like yourself today.” 
“I didn’t get much sleep last night,” I lie. 
Bethany and I work steadily. We stock and clean up throughout the day. So at closing time, we can leave.  
I get the deposit ready for tomorrow and balance the books. I am excited to see that sales are consistently improving. I call Brooke and let her know the last of her books sold today and I also remind her to bring in some more books when she gets them. I also tell her I’ll pay her when she drops off her books. 
I call Mom and Margie to let them know I’m leaving and will be there soon. I decided to stop by the cemetery first. I buy Jamie wildflowers and lay them carefully beside the pink roses that Robert left for her this week. They still look pretty healthy. I pray to God and talk to Jamie and ask her to watch over her daddy if she can. I tell her how much I miss her and how lonely I am without her. I remove the few leaves on the ground and pick away the weeds that have started to grow since my last visit. I carefully touch her name that is engraved in gold, on her black teardrop-shaped tombstone. I say as I stand to leave, “Bye, Jamie. I love and miss you more than life.”  
I pick up Margie, Robert’s mom, before driving to my mom and dad’s house.  
We drive a distance in silence, both of us thinking about the fight.  
“I’m not thrilled about Robert fighting again,” Margie announces. 
“Me, either, but what can we do?” 
“I know we have to be supportive, but it’s not easy.” 
“Believe me, I know,” I say, pulling into the driveway leading to my parents’ home.  
Mom always has plenty of appetizers and finger foods on Fight Night. This time, Mom made homemade salsa and she has creamed chicken in the crockpot for sandwiches — a sure sign it's game/fight day in this house. My dad loves sports, no matter what kind, including the main sport of the Finnish Wife-Carrying Festival — a race in which Finnish husbands carry their wives while navigating an obstacle course.  
We fill our plates and go to the family room where the fight is already on the big-screen television. We sit and listen to the announcers speak about the fighters as they try to get the audience excited. I know this pre-fight announcement will last for several minutes. They talk about the absence of Bobby “The Rock” Grether from fighting and how they expect this fight to be the first of many for him.  
Next, they talk about John “Stone” Bailey. I don’t know this guy and I have never heard of him before. They mention John has a five-bout winning streak, and that Bobby is the underdog, due to Bobby’s absence from boxing. They show pictures of both boxers on the large screen television behind them. The announcer says, “This is certainly a big night and many fans are out to support their favorite boxers.” The camera shows a very packed arena where the fight is taking place. Many of the spectators are wearing red and white to support Robert. After all this time, they still love and admire him. 
Robert
I shower and blast “The Eye of the Tiger” on the ride to the fighting arena. It always gets me pumped up. I stay focused and don’t engage in conversation with anyone in the cab. They know this is how I get in the zone, and they don’t talk to me. We are escorted through the back door and are led into a small room. A small table is set up against the wall with some bottled water, cheese and crackers, and a veggie tray.  
I get gloved up and keep the earbuds in my ears with “The Eye of the Tiger” on repeat. I remove them long enough to call Leah. Before I put the buds back into my ear, I hear chanting coming from the other side of the door. I walk over and crack it open. The room is larger than I thought and from where I’m standing, it looks like it’s sold out. Spectators will sometimes wear the same colors as the fighter they are rooting for, and I am happy to see a majority of the people are sporting the red and white colors that represent me.  
“It looks like you have a large fan base here,” Gus says as he stands beside me. I scoot over so he can have a better view. He isn’t tall enough to stand behind me and see out. My dad is closest to being my height, but he is still a couple inches shorter. I move from the door, replace the earbuds back in my ears, and take my seat.  
After a few more minutes, I watch as Tim grabs my robe. I stand and he helps me put it on. He removes my earbuds and places them and my phone in the pocket. All four of us line up at the door and wait for our cue to walk out to the ring. Someone puts my hood on, and we begin to make our way to the ring. The crowd erupts with yells and screams and it feeds my adrenaline. My opponent is already there, staring me down. His coach and manager are talking to him and rubbing Vaseline on his face. Load him up, he’ll need it. When a fist makes contact with a person’s face, the Vaseline makes the surface slippery, making the contact not as effective. On the other hand, if Vaseline gets into your eyes, it can negatively affect your vision or causing eye irritation.  
Gus inserts my mouthpiece and I nod at his instructions.  
I hear the announcer say, “This is Bobby ‘The Rock’ Grether’s first fight in two years. He is fighting to prove that he still belongs in boxing. If he wins, he will show everyone that he still can fight.” 
Round one goes by with lots of punches being thrown by both of us. I draw blood first and I pat myself on the back.  
Later, it’s round four and I was hoping this would have been over with by now. I reprimand myself for not training more this week and for eating too many cinnamon buns. If I win this fight, I’m swearing off Jo’s famous cinnamon buns until my retirement from boxing. Training for boxing is important, but so is experience, and I haven’t fought for two years. My opponent looks even more tired than I do. I feel the warmth on my cheek and the salty taste of blood in my mouth. Blood. Great. The bell rings and we each go to our corners for our one-minute break. Gus stops the bleeding, Dad gives me water to rinse the blood from my mouth and Tim is on the phone. Who is Tim talking to on the phone? I watch him, half pissed off. Who in God’s name is he talking to? He hangs up and the bell rings again.  
At the end of round five, I have to admit that I am in pretty bad shape. My right eye is swollen shut and I am exhausted. The three minutes in the ring felt like three days. I take my seat and like before Gus tends to my injuries, Dad gives me water to rinse the blood out of my mouth and I think I see Tim holding my iPod. He inserts my earbuds in my ear and “The Eye of the Tiger” blasts through the buds. I suddenly feel like Rocky Balboa. My exhaustion is replaced with a newfound energy and a desire to win. My mouthpiece is re-inserted, the bell rings, and the earbuds are the last things they remove.  
It’s round six and I’m done playing. I hit him and he stumbles. It’s not good enough, so I hit him again and again and again. The song plays in my mind and I have never been so grateful to Tim in my whole life. I hit my opponent once more with all the energy I have and watch as he falls to the ground in what seems to be slow motion. He falls into the ropes and tries to grab onto them before he falls to the mat. He moves, and blinks, but he isn’t able to get up. On the count of 10, I raise my own arm. The crowd stands and holds up signs. Some are with my name and some have my name and picture. I nod into the audience before Gus, Dad, and Tim join me in the ring. 
I hear the announcer say, “This was Bobby ‘The Rock’ Grether’s first fight in two years. He won convincingly against a worthy opponent, and he has proven that he is ready to move up to the next level.”  
Leah
I watch as Robert is announced the winner and he looks into the camera and says, “Leah, this is for you. I love you, Sweets.”  
I am crying and my lips tremble. He looks terrible. His right eye is completely swollen shut and he has cuts on his face. Mom hugs me to try to console me. As soon as he is escorted out of the ring, I call him; no answer. I keep calling until someone answers. I know he is being checked out by his team and the doctors, but I need to talk to him. He finally answers a little too cheerfully, “Hey, Sweets.”  
“Ace, what in the hell was that?” I don’t try to sugarcoat my anger.  
“That was a fight.”  
“Why were you in there playing? No, never mind. Get better, get home and if you fight like that again, you’ll be cleaning gutters and toilets every day at the shop. Do you hear me, Ace?” I think I hear him chuckling in the phone.  
“All right, Sweets.”  
“Don’t scare me like that again.” I try to control my tone. I want to cry, but I don’t want him to hear me.  
“I’m sorry.”  
“Robert, are you all right?”  
“I am; the doctor’s here now.”  
“Good, I love you. Call me when you get settled in your room for the night.”  
“I will. I love you, too.”  
I hang up and the tears fall. “Are you all right, Leah?” Robert’s mom asks. 
“I am. I’m mad and scared and angry and relieved…”  
My mother interrupts, “I know, Honey. All those emotions are normal. That was some fight.”  
“I don’t know if I’m strong enough for this. I don’t think I can stand back and keep watching him fight.”  
“Oh, Leah. You don’t give yourself enough credit. You are one of the strongest women I know.”  
“I don’t know about that, but thank you.”  
My phone rings — it’s Robert. I let his mom talk first. When she’s done she hands me the phone. “We’ll be in the kitchen if you need us.”  
“Thank you. I love you, both.”  
I talk to Robert and he tells me that he has no fractures and no permanent injuries. He does inform me his eye is badly swollen and he has six stitches above his right eye. I know he is trying to prepare me for his return home. My anger has passed and now all I feel is relief. My Robert is going to be fine. I vow that if Robert continues to fight, then he’s going to start training as a warrior. He worries about me and therefore he sometimes does not concentrate on his own training.  
Robert
After the fight, we decide to dine at a steakhouse. “Table for three,” my father says as the hostess greets him.  
“Follow me.” She smiles and leads us to a round table in the center of the room. The table is covered with a white linen cloth. A red rose and white salt and pepper shakers sit in the center of the table. A small candle is burning. Gus leans forward and blows out the candle. Dad and I laugh.  
“A little too romantic?” I ask. 
“For a table with three guys, just a little bit,” Gus says. The room is large and elegant. Red carpet, white linen tables, and red velvet cloth-covered chairs. The walls are adorned with large framed photographs of the city. Leah would like it here. I browse the menu and decide to stick with my no-bad-carb meal — veggie carbs are good carbs, and starch carbs are bad carbs. An 8oz. filet, a double order of snow peas, and a double salad with oil and vinegar dressing. Dad and Gus order double-stuffed baked potatoes as I knew they would. There is a saying, ‘Practice what you preach,’ yet they never do. They preach to me to eat healthy foods and stay away from bread and potatoes, but look at them. 
During the dinner, a few people come over to ask me for my autograph. They tell me they were at the fight and thought it would have lasted longer. Six rounds was plenty long enough for me. One guy jokes about what took me so long for a knockout. He also tells me from now on, he’ll be placing his bets on me.  
After they leave, I say, “I wish people would wait to ask for autographs until I have eaten.” 
“You have it easy,” Gus says. “Bestselling author Stephen King was sitting on a toilet at a restaurant once when someone appeared with a notepad and a pen and asked for his autograph. Stephen gave it to him.” 
“That’s when I would have to get rude. Once when Leah and I were dating, a man came up and asked me to autograph a dollar bill. He told me how his wife will always treasure it. After dinner, when I paid the bill, can you imagine my surprise when I got the same dollar bill in my change? I laughed and didn’t expect Leah to ever go out with me again.  
“Leah also saw a server wearing an origami ring made out of a dollar bill, and she asked, ‘Are these for sale?’ The server said, ‘No, these are priceless. We have a customer named George, who comes in every Saturday night with his family and makes them exclusively for his waitress. We fight over the table so we can get one of those rings — and the big tip that comes with it.’” 
After dinner, we do a little site-seeing and I buy Leah a souvenir of Chicago. She loves postcards and key chains, so I buy her both. She is a very simple girl. Before we get home, Leah sends me a text.  
Leah: Good night, Ace. 
Robert: Good night, Sweets. I love you. 
Leah: I love you, too. I am so proud of you. 
Robert: Thank you. Sweet dreams, and I’ll be home around noon. 
Leah: Sweet dreams. I miss you and I’ll see you tomorrow. 
I stare at my phone at a picture of Leah kissing Jamie before I place it back in the phone holder attached to my belt. We pull up outside the hotel nearest to the fighting arena and we all say our goodbyes for the night. Still feeling restless after the fight, I decide to take a walk to unwind. The streets are dark with very few street lights. I turn the corner and see a girl stumbling away from a car parked in an alley. The car doesn’t drive off but stays there with the headlights on. I duck into the shadows and watch as the girl stumbles towards me, crying. I reach out and pull her close to me into the shadows. She is holding her right arm, she is bleeding, and she is frightened. 
“I won’t hurt you.” Her body shakes, but she doesn’t say anything. “Where are you hurt?” I look at her and she is bleeding profusely from the upper arm. Her arm has a severe laceration about six inches long. She is dressed in a floral sundress and sandals. I tear off the bottom of my tee shirt and make a pressure dressing for her arm. When it is tied off, I sit her down next to a tree. I hear two car doors open and close, I say, “I’m going to see what they want. Stay here and be silent; I’ll get you help.” 
She reaches for my arm and whispers, “They have a knife.” 
I call 911 and ask for assistance and an ambulance, then I say to the girl, “Stay right here until I get back.” I stand and walk in the shadows, further away from the girl towards the direction of the car. The headlights are no longer on. I see the bastards walking in the alley as I pass them in the darkness. Chances are, they are waiting for me to leave. I learned in boxing to “float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.” I’m grateful that I’m light on my feet or they may hear me.  
I have learned to fear no evil even while walking in the alley of death because I have worked hard to be the toughest man in the alley. Besides, at times you just know that God is on your side. I walk out of the shadows and into the dimly lit alley.  
“You looking for someone?” I ask.  
The two guys turn around and one answers, “My wife. Have you seen her?” 
“Nah, I’ve been here all night. I haven’t seen your wife.” 
They begin to walk closer to me and says, “You’ve been here all night and you didn’t see anyone?” 
“I saw someone, but I’m sure she isn’t your wife. And if she is your wife, I’m sure that she shouldn’t be.” I begin to slowly walk towards them.  
“Where is she?” one of them asks. 
“She is with the police,” I lie. I watch as they look around. I square my shoulders and crack my neck side to side.  
“With the police, huh?” 
“Yeah, that’s right.” Another step closer, we’ll be standing nose to nose. They are dressed in leather coats, jeans, and cowboy boots. “She was injured pretty badly. You don’t know who did that to her, do you?” 
“No idea,” one of them says as the other one takes a swing at me. I hit him right in his nose and then I hit the other one in his left eye. He holds his nose and falls to the ground and the other guy comes at me again with a knife. I hit him as hard as I can and watch as he falls to the ground. The knife falls from his hands and I kick it away from him. I keep my eye on it so I know where to retrieve it later. I wait and neither of them stand up or move. When I’m sure neither of them is getting up, I get the knife and walk back and get the girl.  
I reach my hand out for hers and say, “Come on, Princess. Help is on its way.” 
She takes my hand and stands up. We wait for help to arrive at a distance from the two losers lying on the ground unconscious. I don’t ask her any questions and she doesn’t say anything. When I hear sirens, I reach into my wallet and hand her some money. “Get yourself a room later tonight. You don’t have to take that shit anymore.” 
“I… I can’t take your money,” she stammers. 
I smile and close her hand with the money in it. “Princess, you don’t have a choice.”  
“Thank you.” 
I do what is needed when it is needed. Some religious people say that we need to fill our hearts with loving kindness. I did that twice tonight. Once was when I gave the girl the money. The other time was when I filled my heart with loving kindness for all battered women just before I hit the two men who attacked the girl and then me.  
The police come and immediately send the girl away in the ambulance before they interview me. I tell them what I saw and that the guys came at me fighting, one of them with a knife. I give them my name and information and watch them handcuff and place both guys in the back of the cruiser. Once the police tell me I can leave, I walk back to the hotel. 
I lie in bed and my mind drifts back to when I was a small child. Dad was gone on a business trip and our neighbor, Mrs. Michaels, came over crying. She was bleeding and had red marks all over her. I cracked my bedroom door open and listened. The police came and she told them Mr. Michaels had hurt her. I was so mad, and I decided the next time I saw him, I was going to tell him off. I never did see him again. It was that day that I decided I would always treat women with kindness and respect.  
I have breakfast in the restaurant of the hotel with Dad and Gus before we catch our flight home. Missing Leah, I decide to call her and make sure she is safe before turning my phone on airplane mode. I am anxious to get home and be with my wife; although I was gone for only one night, I have missed her. I tell her that I will be home soon. 
Leah
When I hear the car, I walk over to the kitchen door and wait to open it until the guys get out of the car. I am bracing myself for the worse when I see Robert. I know he was hit pretty hard last night. Robert stands from the car, wearing a crisp white tee-shirt, a pair of holey jeans, and his signature boots. His eye is still swollen but not as bad as I had prepared myself for it to be. I breathe out a sigh of relief. I open the door and walk out to greet him. He turns to me with a beautiful white smile.  
Robert surges ahead, leaving his dad and Gus behind. He holds his arms out for me and I run to him. He kisses me like he hasn’t seen me in years. We stop when we hear laughter behind us. Our mothers are both laughing at our affectionate greeting. 
Robert slowly lowers me to the ground as his dad and Gus approach us.  
“I missed you,” Robert says.  
“Me, too. How long were you gone?” I ask, laughing. 
“Just a day but it feels like weeks,” he says.  
I hear someone clear their throat and I peer around Robert. “I also missed my favorite father-in-law and Gus, too.”  
Walter walks up and gives me a big hug. “I missed you, too, Leah.”  
I hug Gus and Dad next. “You had nothing to worry about, Leah. I brought him home in one piece.”  
“I can see that and I appreciate it, but I can’t help but worry. Ace, don’t you ever scare me like that again,” I say in between kisses.  
“I’m sorry, Sweets.”  
When he finally puts me down, I inspect his hands — his knuckles are red, of course — and he has to bend down for me to examine his face. The man towers over me. I cup his cheeks and turn his head side to side. I can see the laceration above his right eye and his eye is beginning to darken from a bruise. He has some redness on his right cheek. “Say ‘ah,’” I say and he laughs.  
“What?”  
“Say ‘ah,’” I repeat and he does. I look inside his mouth. I’m not sure what I’m looking for, but I don’t see anything alarming.  
He smiles and asks, “Are you done?”  
I smack him on the arm and smile, “I am.” I watch as he stands tall.  
We have lunch together before we part.  
Alone with me, Robert asks, “So, did you decide to have a party to celebrate my win?” 
“No, I decided not to have a party.” 
“Really? Are you feeling all right?” he asks, sounding concerned. 
“I feel great. I thought about having you a party, but then I thought some alone time would be a better idea.” 
“Alone time?” he grins. 
I laugh and say, “Yes, as in you and me, alone.” 
“I know what alone time means.” Just me in you. 
Robert opens the car door for me and I ask, “Did anything unusual happen during your trip?”  
He is quiet — and looks as if he does not want to tell me something — as he shuts the car door. I watch as he walks around the vehicle and gets into the driver seat. 
“Buckle up.” 
I do and ask, “Robert?” 
“Yes, Leah?” 
“Ace, don’t lie to me.” I take his hand and look at him more closely.  
I ask, “What happened?” 
He looks at me and hesitates before saying, “After the fight I went for a walk and… there was this girl.”  
I know Robert has a kind heart and is very protective of women. I also know that I am very protective of Robert. I look at Robert sadly and say, “Robert, I know you want to, but you can’t risk your life to save everyone.”  
“Leah, they cut her and then they were just there watching her stagger away. They were just waiting for her to collapse and die.” 
I watch him, and I can see the sadness in his eyes. “What about you, Robert? Who will save you? You can fight well, but what happens if they cut you?” 
“I can take care of myself. I hate seeing these innocent women being beaten, raped, and battered by… by these cowards.” He looks from one of my eyes to the other and adds, “If I see it, I can’t turn a blind eye, Leah. I can’t just walk away like it isn’t happening.” 
I swallow and I try to find the right words before speaking. “I get that, I do, but Robert, I worry about you. What’s going to happen if they come at you and you can’t protect yourself? What if you’re greatly outnumbered or if they have a gun?” Tears form in my eyes and I look away. “I don’t want to get a call saying…” 
“And you won’t.” He holds me to his chest and runs his hand up and down my arm. “Sweets, you won’t get a call about me, I promise.” 
“You can’t promise me that.” 
Later that night, we eat together. The mood surprisingly is relaxed and happy. It doesn’t seem forced like I thought it would. Robert holds my hand beneath the table. He often looks over at me and smiles. He sits on my right side so I don’t have a view of the injury to his right eye. He’s a smart man and I know he did this intentionally.  
Robert says, “In the middle of the fight last night, your dad was his cellphone.”  
“He was? Who was he talking to?”  
“Damned if I know. I’m thinking that maybe he shouldn’t attend any more fights.”  
“Oh. You’re going to fire my dad?” I ask.  
“Not fire him, exactly,” Robert says. “Maybe just not invite him anymore.”  
“What did he do after he got off the phone?”  
“He got my iPod and blasted ‘The Eye of the Tiger’ into my ears.”  
“Your favorite song. The song that always rejuvenates you?”  
Robert looks at me and smiles, “He was talking to you on the phone, wasn’t he?”  
“He was. Still want to fire him or uninvite him?”  
“No, I always did like that man,” Robert says.  
“Good choice.”  
Robert takes a bubble bath with me. I light candles and the atmosphere is soothing. I cuddle into him and he kisses me. We don’t talk about the fight and I try not to flinch or show any emotion when I look at his injuries. We make love before bed and we sleep intertwined with each other.  
The next day, Robert and I have a leisurely day at home. Robert is 6’2” and weighs 230 lbs. He has black hair and ebony eyes. I am 5’2” and 110 lbs. I have short black hair and my eyes are also ebony color. We met in high school and have been together ever since. When I was in high school, I was on the girls’ track team. Some guys in the grandstand were making comments about my boobs bouncing when I ran and Robert went up and hit them both and then he made them apologize to me. That is how I met Robert.  
A few days later while I was walking home, a guy flashed me and some friends. I started laughing and yelled for him to come back because I couldn’t see anything. The girls and I laughed as he ran fast and far away from us. We hoped that from then on, he wouldn’t show anyone his shortcoming. The next week, Robert walked me to my car and we started dating soon after.  
Our first date was spent at the gym, where Robert showed me boxing moves and punches, aka self-defense moves. He also gave me some self-defense tips that I remember well. Some of his tips are very simple but very effective. For example, hair spray can be a very effective Mace, so a travel-sized can of hair spray in a purse can be a good idea — if you have time to get to it.  
Robert told me that a friend of his carried a small but sharp knife in her purse. When a date would not take no for an answer, she got out of the car. He followed her, so she pulled out the knife, held it against his crotch, and said, “Do you want me to cut it off? Remember: No really means yes.” Later, she talked to Robert, and then Robert “talked” to the date. 
He also told me that his favorite comedians, The Three Stooges, just pretended to poke each other in the eyes, but obviously, when that is actually done, it is very painful. And if it is done by someone with long fingernails, it can give the attacker a heaping helping of hurt, perhaps permanently.  
He also told me that often the best things to do are to scream and run away. If you have to kick off your high heels to run, it is a small sacrifice no matter how much the high heels cost. Don’t wear tight skirts that prohibit running. If you do, hike up the skirt so you can run. (Robert’s favorite fashions are the ones that allow women to take protective measures.) And screaming lets potential heroes know that you need help.  
But I am — and he is — aware that sometimes you are the one who has to take action against the attacker. For example, sometimes you have to take action to protect other people — especially loved ones — although usually the best thing is to call the police. Robert told me a story about Susie Essman, who played the extremely foul-mouthed Susie Greene on TV’s Curb Your Enthusiasm. A creep grabbed her 16-year-old daughter’s bottom once in front of her. She got in between her daughter and the creep and screamed at him and called him every filthy name she knew. The creep ran away — fast. She said later, “I went crazy on him!” Her daughter told her, “You just Susie Greened him.” She replied, “Let that be a lesson for you! You Susie Greene anybody who does that to you!” Sometimes women have to do the work that is normally done by avenging angels who carry flaming swords. 
Anyway, that is the kind of person Robert is. He can take care of himself, he wants the people he loves to be able to take care of themselves, and he wants the people who need help to get help. 
I went off to college, majoring in business while Robert stayed in Florida working on his boxing career. We married during my fourth year of college. It was a small, intimate, summertime beach wedding on Siesta Key Beach at sunset. We had our daughter, Jamie, two years later. She was our pride and joy. 
Robert
Leah and I have a quiet day at home. After losing our daughter, Jamie, in an automobile accident, me leaving and turning to drugs to conceal the pain, and then me giving up the drugs, I feel like I will never have enough time with Leah. Losing our only child was and still is devastating. Jamie’s room is just as she left it the morning she died, just over three years ago. Leah and I can’t bear the thought of going in there. We leave her bedroom door closed and live our lives with a piece of our heart missing.  
We go for a swim, soak in the hot tub and have dinner outside. Leah showers before bed and comes out wearing a red and white silk boxing robe. I have to do a double take because at first it looks like it’s my boxing robe. She smiles and stands in the doorway wearing a silk robe, slightly open in the front, exposing her red bra and panties. “Nice robe.” It’s the only thing I can say. My mouth waters and I have to swallow. She looks hot as hell standing there and I can’t look away. My dick is hard and is now tenting the sheets.  
“Thank you. I bought this for you,” she smiles and does a 360 turn-around so I can see the back of the robe. The back of the robe says, “Bobby, the CHAMP, Grether,” in bold black letters. She faces me and slowly lets the robe fall to the floor. Her body is tanned and toned with just a few light stretch marks on her belly that are a remembrance of our little Jamie. She stands there, wearing a red satin bra, boy-cut panties, and a dimpled smile. She wiggles her hips, smiles, and raises her arms in the air before turning around again. On the back of her panties is the word “CHAMP” in bold black letters. Before she can turn completely around, I jump out of bed and rush over to her. I pick her up and throw her over my shoulder. She screams and laughs at the same time. When I carry her to the bed, she continues to kick and scream. I swat her on her butt and she lets out a yelp. Slowly, I lower her to the bed and kiss her neck, breasts, and lips. I lean back and remove her panties, never taking my eyes off of hers. I kiss my way up her body, kissing her hips, belly button, ribs, breasts, and neck. While leaning over her, I taste her mouth with my tongue as I slowly sink into her.  
Making love to my wife always feels like the first time with her. I love her more than life and I swear this will never get old. When she is 65, white-haired, and wearing an old bathrobe, she will still look sexy to me. 
When we are done, I kiss her before I go into the bathroom. I see a test strip in the trash and pick it up to read it. Two lines? I walk over to her, holding the test strip and smiling. “Either you’re pregnant or you’re ovulating.” 
“You’re a smart man, Ace, and no, I’m not pregnant,” she says.  
“Is this from today?” I ask, showing her the strip. 
“It is. Why?” 
I throw the strip away, walk over to her, and prop her butt in the air with some pillows. She laughs and says, “Robert, what are you doing?” 
“I’m speeding up the process; don’t move.” I stand up and walk around the house, naked. I get a couple bottles of water, a book, and her cell phone, before returning to the bedroom. To my amazement, she is still propped up on the pillows.  
“Good girl.”  
I open the water and give it to her before I lay her book and cell phone beside her.  
“Robert?” 
“Yes, Leah?” 
“I can’t stay like this.” 
“Why?” I ask.  
“Because… because I feel exposed.” 
I look at her and smile. “I like you being exposed. Are you cold?” 
“No, but I’m… exposed,” she says, laughing.  
“Maybe I can help.” I down a bottle of water before I lie down beside her. I prop a couple pillows under my ass, too, so we are both exposed. She looks over at my semi hard-on and laughs.  
“Don’t laugh; you know it grows.” 
“Shut up.” She throws a blanket over us and I am grateful. Now I understand the “feeling exposed” part. We lie on the bed and she reads while I surf the net on the laptop.  
“For this to work, you’ll need to stay like this for 12 hours.” 
“Let me see that,” she says, reaching over to grab the laptop from my hands. “I can’t stay like this for 12 hours.” 
“Relax, I’m kidding.” 
“Good, because I have to pee.” 
“Wait a few more minutes. I have fast swimmers.” 
“I hope so,” she says, laughing, “Because I have to pee, now.” 
Leah and I have sparkling cider to celebrate my win once more and to also celebrate life. We make love again and I hold her close as we fall asleep. I dream of my beloved, Leah, and my baby girl, Jamie, and that dreadful day that took her away from me, forever. Leah and I were taking Jamie to the zoo on a Saturday morning. Jamie was so excited. Leah had dressed her in a bright yellow checkered sundress with white sandals. Her long brown hair was in pigtails. Leah was looking beautiful like Jamie and was also wearing a yellow sundress.  
I looked at Jamie in the rear view mirror playing with her stuffed rabbit that she had named Jack. She looked so sweet and happy. I remember Leah touched my hand and I thought she had the softest skin I have ever felt.  
We were almost there when a car ran a red light and hit us on the driver side. I heard metal, sirens, and screaming. 
 “Daddy, I have to go.” 
“Jamie, stay, I need to make sure you are all right. We had an accident.” 
“Daddy, I need to go. I love you and Mommy so much.” 
“Where are you going?” I try to open my eyes, but they refuse to open. 
“I need to go with Grandma. Daddy, it is so pretty, and you should see all the pretty flowers.” 
“Jamie, don’t leave me, I love you,” I cry. 
“I love you, too, Daddy. Grandma is waiting for me. Take care of Jack for me.” 
I feel something warm and wet on my face. I taste something metallic in my mouth. “We need a body bag,” someone yells, and the sound of that zipper echoes in my head. 
I wake up to Leah shaking me. “Robert, Robert, wake up.” I blink a few times and try to calm my racing heart. It wasn’t just a dream, it was a memory.  
“Were you dreaming of the accident?” Leah asks. She looks frightened and sad.  
“No,” I lie. “It wasn’t the accident,” I say again to try to reassure her. “Go back to sleep, Sweets.” I kiss her and hold her close. I know there won’t be any sleep for me tonight. When I am certain Leah is sound asleep, I get up and head downstairs.  
Leah
When I wake up, Robert isn’t in bed with me. I look at the time on the cell phone: It’s 4:30 a.m. on a Sunday and it’s still dark outside. I used to panic when I would wake up and he was gone. I go into the bathroom, put on my robe, and make me a cup of coffee before heading for the backroom. The song “The Eye of the Tiger” is on repeat and Robert is taking out his frustration on the speed bag. I sit on the chair and watch him. My heart breaks for him. I remember he had a nightmare last night, and I know he was dreaming of the accident that took our Jamie from us. It still haunts us both. When the song pauses to start over again, I say, “You can’t bring her back, you know.”  
He wipes his sweaty forehead, removes his gloves, and walks over to turn off the music. “I wish it had been me. I should have died that day, not her.”  
I watch as he drinks from a gallon jug of water. “Don’t say that. It wasn’t your time.”  
“Why, Leah? Why was it her time? Why didn’t God take me and let her live? I lived my life. She was three years old for fuck’s sake.” 
I cry and say, “I don’t know why, I don’t have those answers. God, I wish I did. I miss her, too, Robert.” I wipe my eyes with the sleeve of my robe. “I didn’t have enough time with her. I wanted longer, I wanted more time to love her.” The tears are a steady stream and I can barely see. 
Robert comes over and picks me up and carries me upstairs to bed. Although he is sweaty, I don’t care. We make love until the sun comes up. We both mourn for our little girl. Making love to Robert makes me feel alive and it makes me forget about the constant pain in my heart.  
We shower, I make a casserole for the church potluck, and then I toss the sheets in the washer before heading out the door for church. We walk into the church and I see Molly and Adam first. Molly and Adam are newly married and I like them both a lot. I hug them both and Robert hugs Molly next and shakes Adam’s hand. Robert takes the casserole and puts it in the church’s kitchen before we sit down. Alec, Emma, Raelynn, and James join us.  
“Hi, kids.” 
“Hi, Miss Leah,” they both say.  
Emma rubs her big pregnant belly as she sits down beside me. I look over and ask, “Is he kicking?” I always try to respect a pregnant woman’s space, but there is just something about a baby kicking in utero.  
“Do you want to feel him?” 
I nod and gently place my hand where she says he is kicking. After only a few moments, he kicks and my heart stops.  
“That is amazing,” I admit. “I loved it when Jamie would kick me.” 
No one mentions Robert’s black eye and I am grateful. 
Adam stands and preaches today’s sermon: “A New Life Brings New Meaning.” We listen intently to the sermon and Robert holds my hand continually. Sometimes he’ll squeeze my hand and I have to smile. We both want a baby so much and the sermon today brings us hope. After the service, we stay and eat. The church offers a potluck once a month, and we always try to participate in it.  
Chapter Two: Two Months Later
Robert
“Is it one blue line or two?” I ask, not looking at the stick. 
“I don’t know, and I’m scared to look,” Leah says, laughing. 
We are in the bathroom trying to determine whether Leah is pregnant or not. “One of us is going to have to look.” I look down to watch her. She is still on the toilet, holding another pee stick. 
She says, “If it’s one blue line, I’m peeing again and I’ll keep on peeing until we get two blue lines.” 
I laugh as I get a visual of my wife peeing on a stick until it alerts us that she is, in fact, pregnant. 
I say, “On the count of three…” 
“You’ll look,” she interrupts.  
“No, I was thinking on the count of three, we’ll both look.” 
“That’s what I meant to say,” she lies. 
“Sure you did. Are you ready?” 
She smiles with her eyes closed and says, “One…” 
I say, “Two…” 
And we both say, “Three…”  
I look at the stick, and then I look at Leah, who still has her eyes pinched shut. “I thought we were looking at it together?” 
“Robert, I can’t look. What is it? Is it two blue lines or do I need to pee on another one of these things?” 
“You better drink some more water,” I say as I kneel down beside her and wait for her to open her eyes.  
“I was hoping we were pregnant.” She looks sad as she looks at the pregnancy stick. “Robert?” 
“Yes, Leah?” 
“Is that two blue lines on that stick?” 
“It is.” I smile, and I just want to pick up my wife and swing her around the room in excitement. 
“We’re pregnant?” 
“We are.” 
“We’re really pregnant,” she says in disbelief.  
“I know.” I lean over and kiss her. Her cheeks are wet from tears, and I can feel her shaking beneath my hug. “I love you.” 
“I love you, too.” She picks up the used stick and holds it close to her heart. “We’re really pregnant.” 
“We are, and I couldn’t be happier.” 
After my return home, Leah and I decided that we wanted to try right away to have another baby. We aren’t attempting to replace Jamie, but we always wanted a big family. I think we gave up that idea, but we do want another child. We loved Jamie so much, and we miss her terribly. I know we both have unspoken fears that we’ll always carry with us, but we also have so much love to give a child, our child. Our home is quiet and lonely; I would love to fill the rooms with laughter and love again. 
“Leave so I can get up. I want to see how far along we are,” Leah says, sternly. 
I laugh at my wife's modesty. “Leah, we’re married and I have seen you naked.” 
“I know, but I need to wipe so I can get up, so go — now.” 
“Okay, I’m leaving.” 
I wait for her in the bedroom where her laptop is. I am excited and scared at the same time. I loved being a father more than anything. My demons haunt me, but I don’t share them with Leah. She doesn’t need to know what they are. I still blame myself for Jamie’s death although it wasn’t my fault. I was her father, and I should have been able to protect her, to keep her safe. I didn’t, and I failed my daughter and I failed my wife. She stops at her dresser and pulls out her pocket planner, then sits beside me on the bed with her laptop in hand.  
I watch her as she checks the date on the calendar with the date on the laptop. She checks it again and smiles. “If this is right, we are due on November 30th. That makes us about eight weeks pregnant.” I watch my beautiful wife smile, and I can’t remember the last time she was smiling so big. She says, “It’s still too soon to announce it. I think it’s best we keep quiet for another month.” 
My wife is the brilliant one in the family. If she thinks we should wait, there is a reason for this. 
“May I take my beautiful and pregnant wife out for dinner to celebrate?” I ask as I kiss her sweetly. 
“I think that sounds like an excellent idea.” 
During the dinner, we discuss the pregnancy and what a blessing this child will be. “What room should we use as the nursery?” she asks, and I know what she is asking. Is it wrong to use Jamie’s room? We still haven’t been in Jamie’s room since her death. It is just as she left it that dreadful morning. I think about this, and I have to make sure I word it perfectly.  
I smile because I don’t want to sadden the mood. “We could use the room across the hall from Jamie’s for the nursery.” I don’t say anything else; I give her time to think about what I said.  
“You don’t want to use Jamie’s room?” She looks saddened. 
I take her hand from across the table and stroke my thumb across her knuckles.  
“I was thinking and remember, it’s only a thought,” I say. “What if we had another daughter? Wouldn’t it be nice to leave Jamie’s room as it is, and maybe our next child would be able to play with Jamie’s things? A son could also play there.” Now that I think about this maybe it’s not such a good idea. “We don’t have to decide anything today; we have plenty of time to figure it out later,” I say. I look at Leah, and I can’t tell what she is thinking.  
She asks, “Do you mean have Jamie’s room as a playroom?” 
“Yes,” I say. 
“Jamie loved her room.” 
“Yes, Leah, Jamie loved it very much.” I don’t have the heart to pack away Jamie’s things. I can’t put her things in storage. Not yet. 
“Robert, I like that idea.” She doesn’t smile, but she isn’t crying either. “I like the idea of Jamie’s sibling using her things. Jamie is gone, but she is still alive in our hearts.” 
“Yes, Leah, she is.” 
The next morning, I drive Leah to work and help her open up the shop. Before we found out she was pregnant, she would drive by herself and set out the bistro tables and get everything ready herself. Now, I don’t want her moving the tables and chairs by herself. Jo is already here and the shop smells like a bakery. I inhale and smile when I see Jo. She walks out of the back room wearing a floral dress and a white apron that says, “Never trust a skinny chef.” I smile to try to hide my laugh. “Good morning, Sunshine,” I say as I walk over to help her with the tray of cinnamon buns.  
“Good morning, Bobby and Leah. How lovely to see you here this morning.”  
I bend over to kiss Jo and say, “Let me help you with those.” 
“Good morning, Jo. While you do that, I’m going to get the cash drawer ready,” Leah says. 
“All right, Sweets.” 
I put the cinnamon buns in the glass display case and follow Jo into the back room to get more. Once the glass display case is filled with Jo’s delicious sweets, I start to put the bistro tables and chairs out on the sidewalk. Jo and I make the coffee and get the decanters filled with different varieties of coffee that Leah offers her patrons. As soon as everything is done, Jo and I sit down and have coffee. Jo has a cinnamon bun, but not me — I am on the wagon.  
Leah exits her office, carrying the cash drawer, and pretends like she is looking at a nonexistent watch on her wrist, and asks, “Break time already, Ace?”  
I smile and ask, “Would you like one?” The bell over the door rings and when I look up I see Jo’s husband, Carl, walking in. I stand and extend my hand to his and say, “Good morning, Carl.” 
“Bobby, how are you?” he asks, shaking my hand.  
“I’m good, thank you.” 
Leah walks over with a big smile. “Carl, it’s been forever.”  
He smiles and bends down to hug her. “Leah, you look wonderful.” 
“Thank you, are you staying? Do you want a coffee or something?” 
“No, no, I’m fine. I just came by to get Josephine. There’s an auction this morning we want to go to. We best be gettin’ if we want to make it on time.”  
Jo stands up, removes her apron, and folds it carefully before taking it into the back room. She returns, carrying a white sweater.  
“Are you ready, Josephine?” he asks.  
“I am.” 
He smiles and leans down to kiss her. “We’ll see you kids later,” he says, taking her by the hand and walking towards the door. 
“It’s good seeing you both.” Leah and I walk them to the door and I say, “Be careful and have fun.” 
“Thank you, we will. I’ll see you in the morning, Leah.” 
 We stand there and watch them drive off. Bethany pulls into the parking lot and a few other cars follow behind her. “Looks like your morning rush is here.” 
“I know, it’s crazy, right?” 
“A bookstore, bakery, and coffee shop. I never imagined it would be such a big deal.” 
Leah laughs and says, “Me, either.” 
“I better go. No heavy lifting and I’ll be here at 6:00 to help you close up.” 
“Okay, I love you, Robert.” 
I place my hand on her flat belly. “I love you both, too.” 
Leah
I watch as Robert greets Bethany at the door and holds the door open for the patrons coming in behind her. When the last girl walks in, Robert nods to her and leaves. Standing at the large picture window overlooking the sidewalk and parking lot, I watch as she turns around to get another look at him. I smile as she watches him and his cluelessness about his incredible good looks. He waves goodbye to me before getting into his black Hummer and driving off.  
“Wow, he’s hot,” the woman says as she walks further into the shop. “Does he belong to you?” she asks.  
I laugh and nod, “He does.” 
“Good Lord, all that yumminess rolled up into one. I’d keep a leash on him if he were mine. Where’s your erotica section?” she asks.  
“In the far back and to the left.” 
I straighten up the pillows on the couches and remove Jo’s and Robert’s coffee cups. Bethany is already wiping down the coffee station when I get to the counter. “How was your night?” I ask.  
“Good, I spent a quiet evening with Dante, who is pretty hot.” She smiles and nods to the display table holding Brooke’s romance books.  
“Aww, I heard about him.” 
“Yeah, and the girl is right when she says that he’s pretty hot, too,” she says and I know she is referring to the girl in the back talking about Robert.  
“Yumminess rolled into one?” I ask. 
“And then some,” she laughs.  
We work steadily when Brooke walks in with a tote full of books. “Hey, I hope this is a good time?” 
“Yes, it’s perfect timing.” 
“I can’t believe my books sold so quickly.” 
“You’re a hot commodity.” 
She sighs, “It’s because of Dante; he’s quite the gentleman.” 
I say, “I heard. I’m taking him home with me tonight.” We both laugh at the thought of me taking another man home with me.  
“Good, let me know what you think about the books,” Brooke says.  
“I will.” 
“Don’t blow smoke up my… well, you know. I want only honest opinions. I can take constructive criticism. Start by telling me I’m brilliant and then honestly tell me the strong and the weak points of my books.” 
“Absolutely, I wouldn’t dream of blowing smoke.” We both laugh and I don’t need to finish the sentence. “But seriously, I wanted to talk to you about doing a book signing.” 
“Where? Here?” 
“Yeah, I was thinking maybe on a Saturday. We could set up a table for you over there, so the line flows along the wall and out the door. We can display your banner on a tall stand behind you; the banner would have your book info, your author’s page website, and about-the-author information. We can also display your books nicely on the table you’ll be signing at. We could also call the local television news station, radio and newspaper for a story.”  
“It sounds great, but I think you may be expecting too much. Remember, I’m a self-published author, and I don’t really have a massive fan base. I have read a lot of biographies and autobiographies of authors who attended book signings. Erma Bombeck became a best-selling author, but at her first book signing, she signed exactly one book. And R. L. Stein, author of the multi-million-copy bestselling Goosebumps and Fear Street books, started out as a funny author who sold zero copies of his book How to be Funny at a book signing even though he wore bunny ears to attract people’s attention.” 
Bethany comes over and helps to display the books. “People ask for your books daily. Word is spreading about you quickly.” 
“I told all my friends my books are here and I also promoted it on every social media group I belong to for publicity. It’s free and very effective,” Brooke says.  
“I see your sales in here and the locals love you. I think we should set it up for next month, get the buzz going now.” 
I can see the excitement grow in her eyes. “Okay, sounds good. Let’s do it. But don’t be disappointed if this is a flop.” 
“And don’t be surprised if this is a huge success.” 
Later that night, Robert comes and helps me to close up the shop. He kisses me and asks, “How was your day?” 
“It was great. Business is actually picking up.” 
“That’s great. Pastries and books, who knew?” he teases. 
“Obviously, I knew.” 
We decide to dine out at a local small, quaint Italian restaurant. I tell him about the book signing I am planning on having at the shop for Brooke. He tells me Gus’ wife, Dove, is a reporter at the newspaper and maybe she’ll do an exclusive interview with Brooke. I know Gus better than I know Dove. I am excited and can’t wait to start promoting the signing at the shop.  
“I need to get some signs posted and start promoting it, soon.” 
Robert asks, “When is it?” 
“I don’t have a date yet. I think a month should be enough time to promote it.” 
“I would say a month is good. Maybe you can have a contest at the shop for the kids to make posters. Offer a free child’s book or two to the winner or winners,” he suggests. 
“That is a great idea. Get the kids involved and their parents automatically become involved.” 
“Exactly.” 
“And who doesn’t like free books? I could also offer a free signed set of Brooke’s trilogy to the mother of the child,” I say, a little more excited than I intended. “I’ll need some poster boards and art supplies.” 
“Tonight you need to rest. We’ll get the items you need later this week,” he insists.  
“I am a little tired,” I admit. 
Once we are home, I soak in a hot tub and Robert brings me up some hot tea. I look at him and he says, “Decaf.” 
“You went to the store?” 
“I did. I just picked up some things for you and…,” he cuts off mid-sentence. 
“For me and… the baby?” I ask while stirring the tea. 
“Mostly for you, but I did get something for the baby. I wasn’t going to tell you. I was afraid you would think it was bad luck.” 
I smile at him and ask, “May I see it?” 
“It’s really nothing.” 
“Please, I would really like to see it.”  
He walks out of the room and comes back in, carrying a small sack. He lifts up two pairs of baby booties: a pink pair and a blue pair. “It’s not much, but I wanted to get something.” He holds them in his large hands.  
“Oh, Robert,” I say in a quivering voice. 
“Baby, don’t cry.” He sets the booties down on the edge of the tub and kneels down to hug me. “Don’t cry. Baby.” 
I cry softly into his shirt. “I don’t know why I’m crying. That is such a sweet gesture.” Robert doesn’t say anything; he just strokes my hair with his hand. I sniffle and let out a small chuckle. He backs up and looks down at me.  
“Are you all right now?” 
“I am, thank you.” I lean up and place the small baby booties on the palm of my hand. “Jamie had this same pair, didn’t she?” 
“I think she did.” 
“Is it wrong that I want another girl?” I slowly look up at him. 
“No, Leah, I don’t think it’s wrong.” 
Robert
I didn’t have the heart to tell Leah that I want another girl, too — but a boy is fine, also. This pregnancy is a blessing and I pray it goes well. Leah and I have so much love to give a child. We always wanted a large family, but now, all we want is a child.  
I stand up from the edge of the bathtub and say, “Take your time, I’ll wait for you in here.” I pick up the small baby booties and place them back in the sack, walking towards the door. 
“Okay, I’ll be a few more minutes.” 
“Take your time,” I say, closing the door slightly behind me. I put the sack back in my top dresser drawer. I walk over to my nightstand and pick up the framed picture of Leah, Jamie, and me. It was taken on the front porch of the house the morning Jamie died. I was holding Jamie, and Leah was standing close with her arms wrapped around the both of us. Jamie was holding Jack with a big smile on her face. I smile and run my fingers over Jamie’s face, tracing her face, neck, and her arms. Her long brown hair was in pigtails with yellow ribbons tied to them. Leah and I have black hair, but Jamie’s hair was light brown. Leah comes out of the bathroom, and I place the picture back on the nightstand. 
“I love that picture,” she says sadly. 
“Me, too. She was so happy that day. If only we had stayed home and not gone to the zoo.” 
“Robert, don’t.” 
“I can’t help but think she would still be alive and that she would still be with us today.”  
Leah grabs her stomach and bends over in pain. I run over to her and ask, “What is it?” I don’t wait for her to answer before I walk her over to the bench at the foot of our bed.  
“Ouch,” she says as she squeezes her eyes shut.  
I kneel down beside her and say, “Breathe through it.”  
After a minute, she looks up at me. “It’s gone. It was a sharp pain, but it’s gone now.” 
“Are you sure?” 
She smiles and says, “Yes, it’s over.” 
“Stay here.” I walk over to her side of the bed and pull back the covers. She is still wrapped in a towel so I get a white eyelet nightgown from her dresser drawer. Holding it out for her so I can slip it over her head, I say, “Arms up.” 
She laughs and says, “Robert, I’m fine.” 
“Arms up,” I repeat, not blinking an eye so she knows I am serious.  
“Fine.” She removes the towel and holds her arms up. I slip it over her head and she jerks her arms through the arm holes. “Is this how you’re going to be the entire pregnancy?” 
“Caring? Yes.” 
“Overbearing?” 
“Yes, that, too. Bed. Now.” 
“Robert?” 
“Leah, get in bed.” I walk over and hold the blankets up for her to climb under. “I want you to rest; don’t argue with me.” 
“You can be so difficult at times,” she complains as she climbs into the bed. I cover her up and bend down to kiss her. “Do you want some water?” 
“Yes, please.” 
“If you have another pain, I want to know about it.” I wait for her to answer. She isn’t looking at me as she is adjusting the covers over her. “Leah?” 
“Yes, okay, I’ll let you know.” She looks up at me with anger in her eyes. The hormones are starting already.  
“Thank you, I’ll be right back with your water.” I bend down and kiss her again before leaving to get her water from the kitchen.  
I return to the bedroom with her water and she is already asleep. I don’t set the alarm for in the morning; I already know I won’t be getting much sleep tonight. I sleep very aware of Leah’s slightest movements. She tosses and turns, but she doesn’t moan or cry out in pain. When I feel she is all right and I know I won’t sleep, I decide to get my running done early. I make sure Leah’s cell phone is on her nightstand before I leave the house for my run.  
I dress in the workout room, down some water, and pound my feet to the cement listening to “The Eye of the Tiger.” I run my usual route past the cemetery, but it is locked up and I’m not able to stop in for my morning visit with Jamie. I usually run later in the day and the gate is always unlocked and opened when I get there. I am happy to see it is secured shut. Sadly, we had a problem with kids vandalizing the cemetery last year, so the cemetery caretakers started locking the gate at night. It worked so I’m happy about that. I feel sorry for the little vandalizing pricks if I ever catch them.  
I run home before the sun comes up. I drink a protein shake before showering and dressing for the day. Usually I would get another workout in, either here or at the gym, but today, I have other plans. I cook some whole-grain oatmeal and whole-wheat toast for Leah and me for breakfast and then arrange it on a breakfast tray with a glass of milk and some orange juice and carry it up to her. She is just coming out of the bathroom when I enter the bedroom.  
“Good morning, Sweets.” 
She smiles, “Good morning, what’s this?” 
“It’s breakfast in bed if you’ll get back into the bed.” 
She laughs as she climbs into the bed. She covers herself up and flattens out the covers over her legs. I place the tray carefully over her legs, making sure the legs of the tray are locked in place. “You didn’t sleep last night, did you?” 
Reaching over her I take a bowl of oatmeal from the tray and sit on the edge of the bed to eat it. “I slept.” I look at her and she is watching me but not believing me. “I did.” I take a bite of my oatmeal before she can ask me anything else. I did sleep, but I didn’t sleep much. After breakfast, I ask her how she is feeling.  
“I feel good.” 
“No pain or cramping?” 
“No, nothing.” 
I remove the tray and tell her I’ll be in the kitchen when she is ready to leave. I do the few dishes and wipe off the counters before she enters the room. My phone rings — it’s Gus. Gus calls me mostly when he thinks I’m slacking on my workouts. I’ve been working out hard every day, so I know it’s to remind me about the fight this weekend. I look at my phone then at Leah. “I’ll be ready in a minute,” I say as I answer the phone walking away from the kitchen. She nods.  
“Gus, what’s up?” I answer the phone like I always do.  
“Calling to remind you about the fight scheduled for Saturday?”  
“In D.C. Who is it with?” 
“Malcolm ‘The King’ Smith.” 
“Have you found Kennedy?” 
“Apparently he’s still in hiding. I don’t think your last fight impressed him — not enough, anyway. Remember, he is THE champion. It will take more than one fight to impress him — and other fighters are doing their best to become contenders for the championship. Win this next fight, and Kennedy will become aware of you.” 
“While we’re waiting on Kennedy, I’ll fight Malcolm for practice. Call Dad and Tim to see if they want to go.” 
“I’m on it. There’s some videos for you to watch on YouTube and Break.com. He’s a tough one.” 
“I’ll watch them. I want to fly home the next day. I don’t want extra days to recover. I want to get there and get home to Leah.” 
“Bobby…” 
“In and out, got it?” I snap. 
“Got it. I’ll be in touch.” 
I disconnect the call, and when I turn around Leah is leaning against the counter watching me.  
“Leah?” I say softly as I walk over to her.  
“Robert, don’t.” She looks at me with red eyes. “I know it’s what you do and I have accepted it. But it doesn’t mean I have to like it.” 
“Fair enough.” I hold her to me and bend down to kiss the top of her head. I inhale her unique buttercream and vanilla scent. “You know I love you, right?” 
“I do. You know how much I worry about you, right?” she says. 
“I do. Do you not know that I’m a badass?” 
She pulls away from me with a slight smile on her lips. The small smile is better than the red, teary eyes. “C’mon, badass, before I’m late for work.”  
I smile and kiss her one last time. “Badass. I like it when you talk dirty.” 
I drive Leah to work and help her open the shop. Hopefully, this will be my routine for the next seven months. Bethany comes in with a huge smile. “Good morning,” she says, beaming.  
Leah stops what she is doing and looks over the counter at her. “Good morning, Bethany.”  
Bethany places her purse under the counter and is still smiling.  
“Why is it such a good morning?” Leah asks.  
“No reason.” Bethany wiggles her ring finger, flashing a large diamond ring.  
Leah squeals and Jo runs out of the back room, concerned. “What in tarnation is all that racket?” Jo asks, wiping her hands off on her apron. 
“Sorry, Miss Jo, I didn’t mean to scare you,” Bethany says. “Kyle finally asked me to marry him last night.” 
“It’s about time that man got some sense knocked into him. What was he waiting for? Hell to open an ice-skating rink? Eskimos to buy suntan lotion? A cure for foot-in-mouth disease? Free chicken nuggets at McDonald’s? Healthy heterosexual men to say they don’t like yoga pants?” Jo asks. 
I laugh, although Leah and Bethany don’t. I understand the guy had cold feet. It’s not easy proposing to the love of your life. I watch as they fuss over Bethany’s engagement ring. I walk over and give Bethany a hug and congratulate her. The bell rings, alerting us that the shop is open for business. I walk into the back with Jo and help her.  
Leah comes in a few minutes later and says, “Robert, you’ll be late if you don’t leave now.” 
“Late for what?” I ask. 
“For whatever it is you do when I’m not home.” 
I raise my eyebrows in amusement. Leah isn’t sure what I do when she’s at work. “Leah, what do you think I do while you work?” 
Jo laughs and Leah thinks about it and says, “Eat bonbons, read boxing magazines, and watch Rocky marathons.”  
I ignored her comment and decide now is a good time to break the news to her. “I’m working here with you, today.” 
“Wait. What?” 
“You heard me. I thought I would help out here today. Stock shelves, clean, read, and resist eating some of Jo’s famous cinnamon buns,” I answer calmly. 
“No, you can’t stay here all day,” she stammers. 
“Why not? I want to spend some time with my wife.” 
She looks at Jo and she thinks about this before saying, “Robert, I know what you’re doing. I’m fine, really.” 
I walk over and kiss her. “My mind is made up.” I rub her cheek with my thumb. “I’m staying.” 
Leah leaves the room in a huff and Jo asks, “How far along is she?” 
“Two months,” I answer, not sure how Jo figured it out.  
“It’s when she needs to be the most careful.” 
“It’s too soon to announce it. She wasn’t feeling well last night,” I admit, not looking at her. 
“She’s lucky to have you, Bobby. I need to get going. I want to get some healthier foods in here for her and the little one.” Jo removes her apron and lays it across her desk chair in the corner of the room.  
“You’re going to the store.” It’s not a question but a statement. 
“First I need to come up with some healthier recipes for muffins and then I’ll go to the store.” 
“Here, let me give you some money,” I say, reaching into my back pocket for my wallet.  
“No, keep your money. I’ll save the receipt and you can reimburse me later.” Jo pats my arm and says, “Take care of Leah and the little one today, I’ll work on getting her some healthier foods for tomorrow.” 
“Thank you, Jo.” 
Leah
True to his word, Robert stayed with me all day.  
“Is Bobby hanging out here all day long?” Bethany asks.  
“He is,” I answer with a roll of my eye. 
“Why?”  
“Because I’m a girl and I can’t be left alone,” I joke. I can’t tell her I’m pregnant and suffered one small cramp last night. It’s too soon to announce the pregnancy.  
Bethany and I collaborate on a scheme to teach him a lesson. We decide that since he is a man, a big and strong man, he can do some of the things that Bethany and I can’t do. First, we have him dust off the ceiling fans, then we have him wipe off the tops of the bookshelves. At lunch, I pretend to crave different foods from various places and we send him off on a food run.  
“He’ll be gone for awhile,” I say proudly.  
“He may never come back,” Bethany jokes. 
Business at the shop stays steady, and Bethany and I talk about weddings, venues, and honeymoons in our down time. Robert pulls into the parking lot and Bethany and I watch him struggle.  
“Should I help him?” Bethany stands and asks.  
“Nah, he’s got it.” I watch as Robert fumbles with several different food bags and I laugh to myself. I love Robert, but sometimes his macho crap gets on my nerves. I had one cramp last night and today he wants to stand guard and watch over me. I guess that is kind of sweet, but still, it’s very annoying.  
We have lunch together talking about everything but the pregnancy and Robert’s upcoming fight. Robert talks to Bethany about the engagement and the way Kyle proposed.  
“Is it true it’s all about the ring?” Robert asks.  
“That’s what they say, but truthfully, I would have married him without a ring.”  
“Bethany, you know that for the guy, it’s all about the answer. It’s scary to propose and knowing there is a possibility that the answer may be no.” 
“Maybe that’s what took him so long to propose.” She laughs out loud and says, “I would marry him at the Justice of the Peace with a Cracker Jack ring. I also would have been okay with a tattoo of a ring.” 
Robert stands up and pats her on the shoulder. “He is truly a lucky man.”  
I wipe a tear from my eye and smile as he walks past me. After lunch, I tell Bethany that she can leave if she wants to and she does. Robert puts away the delivery that comes in and I surf the net for new books to sell in the store. Robert comes over and sits with me at the counter. “What are you searching?” he asks, looking at the computer screen. 
“New books to sell.” 
“Do you have any pregnancy books for fathers?”  
I look over my shoulder to him, “No, I don’t. That’s a good idea.” 
“I was looking for one to read and I didn’t see any on the shelves.” I see Robert and if it is at all possible, he just got even sexier to me.  
Suddenly, I feel pain. I wrap my arms around my stomach and lean forward to try to stop it. 
“Leah?” 
I raise my hand to let him know I’m all right. I try to sit back, but the pain is too intense. I hear the stool he is sitting on move and Robert rests his hand on my back. He whispers in my ear, “Leah, are you cramping?” 
I nod my head and take a deep breath.  
“I’ll be right back.”  
I hear Robert speak to the patrons who are still in the store before the bell over the door rings. Next, I hear shuffling and Robert is at my side. He swoops me up off of the stool and carries me to his Hummer. He fastens my seatbelt and I curl into a fetal position in the front seat. He starts the car and pulls off. The cramping intensifies and I cry into my hands. Robert doesn’t say anything, but I think he knows: It’s bad.  
We come to an abrupt stop at the hospital and Robert rushes out of the car. My door opens and he gently cradles me in his arms. “I’m getting you help. Hang on, Leah.” My Robert is big and strong but when it comes to his family, he feels useless if he can’t help us. He kicks his car door shut and then I feel the rush of cold air hit me.  
“I need help, please, help me,” he pleads to anyone who will listen. 
Chapter Three: Fears
Robert
I watch helplessly as my wife is taken away on a gurney. I have to stay behind and give the insurance information, even though everything is already in the computer.  
“Where is my wife?” I ask the older woman sitting at the computer.  
“She’s being checked out, sir.” 
“I need to be with her.”  
“I have just a few more questions,” she says, not looking at me but looking at the computer screen instead. “Allergies?” 
“None.” 
“What is your wife’s blood type?”  
“B positive.” 
The printer comes to life and I tap my pen anxiously on the desk.  
“Sign here, here, and here.” 
I scribble my name, stand, and ask, “Where is my wife?” 
“Room 203, around the corner, sir.” 
The door is closed, but that isn’t going to keep me out. I tap softly on the door and walk in. I open it just wide enough for me to get through, before shutting it behind me. The doctor looks up and smiles.  
“Mr. Grether?” the doctor asks. 
“Yes,” I say, walking over to be with Leah. She is lying on the bed with a baby monitor hooked up to her belly. I kiss her and gently rub her cheek with my hand.  
“Your wife told me the closed door wouldn’t keep you out.” 
“How is she? Did she…?” I can’t even say the words. I ask the doctor because I can’t bear the thought of asking Leah. 
“No, she didn’t.” 
Oh, thank God. I listen and I can hear a faint heartbeat echoing in the room. I smile as I recognize the sound of a baby’s heartbeat.  
“Are you feeling better?” I ask as I bend down to kiss her again. 
“It comes and goes. They’re giving me fluids,” she whispers, looking up at the I.V. pole.  
“We still need to do a vaginal exam, collect some urine, and then draw some blood. I’ll know more once we get the labs back.” 
Leah falls asleep, and after a couple of hours and several tubes of blood the doctor comes in and sits on his stool. “Mrs. Grether, according to your last menstrual cycle, you are about nine weeks pregnant. You are also slightly dehydrated and you have a urinary tract infection. The U.T.I. is what’s causing your cramping.” 
“I’m not miscarrying?” 
“No, you’re not,” he smiles. “I’m going to send you home with some medications and instructions. If you have any questions or concerns, don’t hesitate to call or come back in. Do you have an obstetrician?” 
Leah looks at me and I nod. “We do, but I haven’t seen him yet,” she says. 
“I would go ahead and make an appointment since your pregnancy’s been confirmed. Sometimes it takes a few weeks to get in to see them. Rest the next few days and take the medication as prescribed.” Leah squeezes my hand, and I smile when I look down at her.  
Later that night, Leah sleeps while I pound the punching bag. I didn’t get my workout in today, well, yesterday, although Leah and Bethany had me chasing fast food chains down like a crack head. I know it was Leah’s way to get me away from the shop. She didn’t like me hovering over her yesterday; she’ll like me a lot less today. 
I don’t leave the house to run; I run on the treadmill instead. Leah’s abdominal cramps scared me enough to not want to leave her side today. I tried really hard to not fall in love with this baby before three months, but it’s too late. As soon as I knew she was pregnant, I already loved him or her. If Leah does miscarry, it’ll be like losing Jamie all over again. 
Leah and I spend the next day at home. I cook and she cleans, despite my attempts to keep her in bed to rest. She takes a nap during the day and I get some boxing time in while she sleeps. 
The next day, Leah says, “Ace, you are not working with me again today!” Leah stands there with her hands on her hips, looking all badass.  
“Leah, either I work with you or you’ll stay home in bed and I’ll be working with Bethany.” I watch her and she isn’t happy. For someone who stands just over 5 foot, she sure has attitude.  
“Drink some water, you’re dehydrated,” I add, looking at the full water bottle on the counter in front of her.  
She doesn’t say anything, but she does drink some water. I can almost see the wheels spinning in her head. I’m dressed in a white linen shirt, a nice pair of jeans, and my good boots. I wanted to wear something nice while working with her at her shop. She looks at me and smiles, but it’s not really a smile, it’s more like a smirk. “So, you want to work with me again, today?” 
Do I want to work with her today? The look in her eyes is scaring me. I know that look and she is planning something, and it’s not to my benefit either. I already cleaned the ceiling fans and dusted the tops of the bookshelves. What else is left to do?  
“I do,” I say, confidently.  
She drinks some more and nods. “You’ll need to change into work clothes and don’t forget the power washer.” I watch as she sashays off wearing her pink flowing summer dress and heels. Yeah, I’ll soon be regretting this. 
I clean the restrooms. I hate cleaning the restrooms. I know it’s her way to ensure I won’t be back tomorrow. Then she has me power wash the parking lot and the outside of the bookstore on this hot, hot day. I get a glimpse of Leah smiling at me through the picture window. I smile, wipe the sweat from my face, and tip my ball cap to her. Yeah, she got me, and she got me good, but I’m not about to admit defeat just yet. When I hear tapping on the glass, I look up. Leah is waving me to come in. Food run, no doubt. I don’t put the power washer away; I leave it out on the sidewalk near the building but away from the entrance door. I wipe the sweat from my forehead again and readjust my ball cap before walking into the air-conditioned building.  
Leah is standing there with a bottle of water for me. “Hot out there?” she asks, sweetly. She has recently put on a white sweater over her sundress. The air conditioning feels good and I down the water without answering her. She’s up to something.  
“Are you hungry?” I am, but should I admit that? 
“Why?” I ask suspiciously. 
“Jo stocked the refrigerator with turkey breast, vegetables, fresh fruits, yogurts, and juice. I thought we could eat lunch together.”  
Is she serious or is this a trap? She takes my dirty, sweaty hand and leads me into the back room. She's serious. My sweet Leah is back and I’m happy. I wash my hands while she sets everything out on the break room table. 
“Is Bethany eating with us?” 
“No, she ate first while I watched the shop. I wanted to eat with you.” 
“Really?” I ask, drying off my hands. 
“Yes, Jo left me this note this morning and I feel bad.”  
She holds up a small card for me to read. Bobby, I got some of the items we talked about for Leah and the baby. I’m still working on recipes that are healthier and delicious for them. They are lucky to have you. Jo.  
She says, “I think she left this for you; not me.” 
“It’s addressed to Bobby and you think it was meant for you?” I laugh. 
 “I’m sorry.” 
“Are you sorry for reading a personal note from Jo to me or are you sorry for being a slave driver when all I was trying to do was watch over and protect you?” 
“Both.” She walks over and wraps her arms around me. “Can I blame it on overactive hormones?” 
“Is that your best defense?” 
“It is. I’ll need more time to come up with something else.” 
“Overactive hormones is good.” I kiss her and she responds to me like she always does. “I love you.” 
“I love you, too.”  
“Did you tell Jo that I was pregnant?” 
“No, I think it was your overactive hormones that gave it away yesterday.” 
“She is very perceptive,” Leah admits. 
“She is and she wants what’s best for you and the baby.” I smile.  
Leah and I have lunch in the back room together and I am glad to see her eating so well. I down three bottles of water trying to quench my thirst.  
“Robert, we need to talk,” she says while picking at a piece of cheese on her sandwich. 
“Okay, I’m listening.” 
“You can’t come here and sit with me every single day. Do you want me at your boxing practices and fights?” 
“No, but I need to make sure you and the baby are safe.” 
She smiles. “I appreciate that, I really do. But I need you to believe that if something happens, I’ll do the right thing.” 
“I know you will. I just want to keep you both safe.” 
“I know you do, but coming in here and sitting with me every day isn’t the answer.” 
“What if you need me and I’m not here?” 
“Ace, I’ll always need you. But if something happens, I know what to do and I’ll call you right away.” 
“Right away?” 
“Yes, I promise.” 
“I’m still driving you to work and setting up the tables in the morning.” Leah opens her mouth to argue and I say, “It’s not negotiable.” 
“Okay.” 
Leah
Robert and I stop by the store on the way home. I want to get Bethany something for her recent engagement. Robert hates shopping for this kind of stuff, so I make sure we visit several different stores. I had everything I needed in the first two shops. I just love sweet revenge.  
Later that night Robert showers while I take a bubble bath. When he is done showering, he gets into the bathtub with me. I lean forward and he climbs in behind me. The water sloshes over the sides of the tub, but he doesn’t care. I lean back into him and he kisses my head. “This is nice,” I admit. 
He moans but doesn’t say a word. Robert always showers first before he takes a bath with me. It isn’t very often, but sometimes he’ll get in. He pours some soap on a loofa and rubs it over my arms, breasts, and stomach. I can feel his smile as he touches my belly.  
“Our baby,” he whispers. 
“I know. Can you believe it?” I tilt my head slightly so I can look at him.  
He smiles and says, “It feels like it’s a dream.”  
Before bed, I put together the engagement basket for Bethany and her fiancé, Kyle. I sign the card and tuck it into the basket.  
The next morning we eat breakfast at home together. I’m dressed in a pair of white capris, a light blue blouse, and a pair of white sandals. Robert is wearing a gray t-shirt, running shoes, and gym shorts.  
He drives me to work like he said he would. We walk into the shop and see that Jo is putting her sweets in the glass showcase. Robert rushes over to help her. 
“Thank you, Bobby, but I can get it.” 
“Jo, please wait for me and I’ll put these in here from now on.” 
“I’m going to get used to all this fussing over me,” she says, wiping off her hands on her apron that says, “When in doubt, add cinnamon.” 
“Good morning, Jo. It smells delicious in here. Did you make something different this morning?” 
I walk over to where she and Robert are both standing.  
“I did, I made some mini apple turnovers, apple and cinnamon muffins, and some cranberry tarts.” 
“Oh, Jo. You are too much,” I say, hugging her.  
“You still made cinnamon buns, right?” Roberts asks. 
“I even made extra this morning.” 
“Jo, I think I love you.”  
“Me or my buns?” Jo giggles. 
“Both.” I watch as Robert walks into the back room with the empty tray to restock. I decide to follow him and just as I suspected he is sniffing the air above the cinnamon buns.  
“Robert Michael!” 
“I’m having pregnancy cravings that I can’t satisfy,” he jokes. 
We all laugh and I shake my head at him. Jo walks over and congratulates us. “Oh, a baby; this is indeed fantastic news.” 
“Thank you, Jo. But it’s still too soon to announce it.” 
“I know, dear. But I could tell yesterday. And as soon as you are around your mom and Bobby’s mom, they will know, too.” 
“Really, do you think so?” 
“Mark my words, they’ll know within minutes.” 
“Before I forget, sign this card for Bethany and Kyle. We picked up a few things for her engagement.” 
“Oh, I didn’t know they did things like this.” 
“It’s a new trend.” 
“When I got engaged, I was lucky to get a ring,” Jo says, laughing. 
“Yeah. Me, too.”  
I get the cash drawer set up, and when I return, Robert and Jo are sitting on the couch and having coffee.  
“Ace, you take more breaks than any employee I have.” 
He smiles and says, “I was fired yesterday, remember?” 
Jo laughs and stands up. “You kids remind me of Carl and me many years ago.” 
I’ll take that as a compliment. “Rushing off so soon?” I ask. 
“Yes, Carl and I have some errands to run, then I might let him take me to lunch.”  
“I need to go, too, Sweets. I’ll be here at 6:00 p.m. to help close up.” 
“All right, I’ll call you if I need you. Be careful and I love you.” 
“Always and I love you, too.” 
Robert walks Jo to the door as Bethany walks in. She hugs Jo and then Robert before walking over to me. Robert walks Jo out to her car before leaving. I smile.  
“For someone as big and macho as he is, you wouldn’t think he has such a tender side,” Bethany says, watching them. 
My heart swells with the compliment. “Thank you. He really is a gentleman.” 
“His mother should be proud,” Bethany says as she starts to straighten up the pillows on the couches.  
“Yes, she is.” 
I watch through the picture window as Robert watches Jo leave before he takes off for his 15-or 20-mile run.  
“Here, we got you something,” I say as I hand Bethany her basket of engagement goodies.  
“Oh, Leah. You didn’t have to.” 
“We wanted to. It’s not every day my girl gets engaged.” 
“Thank you.” I watch as she looks at the bottle of champagne, the champagne glasses, the bridal magazine, and the box of dark chocolates. She reads the card and starts to cry. “Thank you,” she says as she hugs me. 
“You’re welcome.” 
“You and Jo are the best.” 
On Saturday, Robert doesn’t fly out to D.C. early. He drives me to the shop and helps me open it like he has the last several days, He is still very adamant about me not lifting or carrying anything heavy. My dad, his dad, and Gus are all flying out for the fight with him. He has been training like a mad man and I wonder if it’s because of the fight or if it has to do with me being pregnant and he is releasing some built-up stress. Just before Bethany pulls in, Gus, Dad, and Walter pull up to pick up Robert. I get a feeling in my belly and I know it has nothing to do with my pregnancy. I hate when he leaves and I hate that he fights. I put on a smile so he can’t see my fears.  
“Looks like your entourage is here,” I joke. 
“I’ll call you when I land. Have fun with the coloring contest for Brooke’s posters.” Today Brooke is coming over to help with the poster-coloring contest. We have a day filled with activities and fun for the kids and their parents. Jo is coming to help as is my mom and Robert’s mom. Gus’ wife, Dove, is also coming to take pictures. 
“Thank you and we will.” I walk him outside so he can get his duffle bag from my car. My dad walks over to me and hugs me. “Take care of him for me,” I say. 
“I will, don’t worry.” 
“That’s easier said than done.” 
“He’s better than he ever was,” my dad says, and I know it’s to put me at ease.  
I watch as Robert puts his bag in the back of Gus’ SUV. Robert hugs me and kisses me one last time. “Stop worrying and I love you.” 
“I’ll try and I love you, too.” 
“Take pictures. I want to see the posters the kids make.”  
I smile when I think about the big day we have planned. “I will.” I wave to them as they leave. 
Mom, Margie, Bethany, and Brooke all come in early to help set up the tables and the craft items. Emma comes with Raelynn, who is carrying a bag.  
“Miss Leah, look what I brought,” an excited Raelynn says.  
I kneel down and look in the bag, “Glitter.”  
I look at Raelynn and then look up at Emma.  
Emma mouths, “Sorry,” before I look back to Raelynn.  
“This is perfect. Thank you. I don’t think we have glitter,” I say honestly.  
“Everything is better with glitter,” Raelynn says. 
“Would you mind putting it on the table for me?” 
Raelynn skips off and places the different colors of glitter on the arts and crafts table. 
 “I’m sorry, she wanted to contribute something and it was glitter,” Emma apologizes.  
“That’s fine, it’s the one thing that I didn’t think to get. How are you and the baby?” 
Emma beams and says, “Great, the baby is getting so big. It’s hard to believe he’s already two months old.” 
“Wow, we need to get together so I can see him.” 
“Anytime, we spend a lot of time at home since Jackson’s birth.” 
“How’s James?” 
“Good, he’s home with Alec and the baby. I asked him to come, but he didn’t want to leave his baby brother.” 
“Tell him and Alec I said hi and kiss the baby for me.” 
“I will.”  
Jo makes finger sandwiches and snacks for the kids. Mom and Margie make gift bags and Bethany and I divide the art supplies evenly among the different tables. Emma and Brooke arrange the plates and cups on the food table. The bell over the door rings and in walks Gus’ wife, Dove, carrying a large camera. She is the reporter, and I am excited to see her.  
“Hi,” I say as I walk over and greet her warmly.  
“I heard about the poster contest you are doing for Brooke Jamison’s books and I thought it would make a great story. I hope it’s okay that I’m here on business.” 
“No, it’s fine. Gus told me you would be here,” I say. 
“I’m afraid it won’t be much of a story for you or the newspaper,” Brooke says as she walks over and I introduce her to Dove.  
“What I would like to do is follow the events up to the book signing. Record the progress of an independent author and your success,” Dove says.  
“I don’t mean to sound rude, but do you think this is newsworthy?” Brooke asks. “There are so many other stories out there.” 
“The success of a hometown author. This is huge news. Everyone wants to see one of our own make it big. I think you’ll be surprised at how big this will be for you. You have tons of people supporting you already. Do you have time for an interview?” 
Brooke looks down at her jeans and t-shirt. “I came here to help out. If I had known I would be interviewed, I would have worn something more presentable.” 
“This is perfect,” Dove says, “you look like one of us. An ordinary girl, doing extraordinary things. Readers will love it. You are almost like a rock star and you don’t even know it.”  
Dove holds up her camera and says, “Let me get a picture of the two of you.” 
We pose for a few pictures before people start coming in and the shop fills up with parents and their kids. Raelynn’s mom, Molly, comes and helps out. She also has a camera and a basket of bubbles and sidewalk chalk for the children. Angel and Mason come with their twins, who are now walking. The kids are too young to color, but Mason and Angel are here for moral support. I text Robert throughout the day so he feels like he is still a part of it. Brooke’s husband, Brice, and her two sons, Braden and Briley, also come. Dove mingles with the crowd and snaps tons of pictures. The kids color, paste, glue, add glitter, and paint on the poster boards, trying to make the best one. Some are serious artists and some aren’t. Some try to eat the crayons. The food is a huge success as are the gift bags. Some kids are outside, writing on the sidewalk with the chalk, and some are blowing bubbles. Mason has the twins outside on their stroller; Mason is blowing bubbles at them. I can almost hear their laughter through the picture window. Molly is sitting at the bistro table, watching and monitoring the children.  
The food and coffee were free today for the event. I watch as Brooke tries to help out but is frequently stopped by the kids’ mothers. She signs books, t-shirts, purses, and even shopping bags. She laughs and blushes as people talk about her main character, Dante. They want to know if Dante was written after her husband. Brice stands tall and proud as he watches her. Now I wonder whether the character was written with him in mind. God, I pray there isn’t a sex scene in the book. I can feel myself blushing. I need to ask Brooke before I read the book. I don’t need to be imagining… never mind, I don’t even want to think about it.  
At the end of the day, we have a winner. Well, we actually have lots of winners. The most creative, the most unique, the most glitter, scariest, the youngest, and even the oldest. We made sure every child walked away a winner. We have several different age groups with several different talents. We offered store gift cards for the prizes and the kids and the parents were ecstatic. At the end of the event, I am surprised at how many people showed up and I am happy at how many people stayed to help clean up. Mason and Brice stayed and took over storing the tables and bringing in the bistro tables while Molly and Emma took turns running the sweeper. I think they both feel responsible for the glitter being everywhere. 
Brice and Mason talk about the fight and I look at my watch. I get that feeling in my belly again. The fight begins in an hour and we still have another hour of cleanup to do. Mom, Margie, and I always watch the fight together. I look on the big screen hanging on the wall that Robert insisted we get.  
I say, “We can watch the match here if you guys want to.” 
Brice and Mason look at each other. “No, that’s all right,” Mason says. “We were going to watch it at the house when we leave.” 
“I still have cleaning up to do, and there are still sandwiches in the refrigerator. The pre-fight is getting ready to start. It’s up to you, but we are going to watch it here anyway.” Well, it’ll be on, I doubt if I’ll actually watch it.  
I tune the television on to the fight and continue with my cleanup. The pre-fight is where they get the crowd ready for the fight. Mason makes a phone call, to Robert no doubt, before walking over to me.  
“Are you sure, Leah? If it’s upsetting for you…” 
I interrupt and say, “It’s fine. We’re going to watch it anyway. Please, stay.” 
Robert
I search my phone and look at the pictures Leah sent me throughout the day while “The Eye of the Tiger,” is blaring in my ears through the earbuds. I call Leah just before Gus and Dad wrap my hands and glove me up.  
“You had a great day, I see.” 
“I did. Dove was there and she’s doing a story on Brooke.” 
“That was nice. I’m sure it’ll be a great article.” 
“Dove is an excellent reporter.” 
“Did you have help with the cleanup?” 
“Mason and Brice stayed and did all the heavy lifting.” 
“Leave everything else, and I’ll do it tomorrow.” 
“It’s done. Emma, Molly, Brooke, my mom, your mom, Jo, and Bethany all helped. We are actually still here at the shop watching the fight.” 
“The big screen finally paid off,” I joke. I bought this over a year ago, and it’s probably the first time it has been on. Apparently, TVs and bookstores do not belong together. 
“Yeah, great purchase you made there, Ace.” 
“I have to go, I’ll call you as soon as I kick this joker’s ass.” 
“Be careful. I love you, Robert.” 
“I will and I love you both, too.” 
I begin to hang up and yell, “Leah?” 
“Yeah?” 
“This fight’s for the baby,” I say before I disconnect the phone. 
I sit down and let the music build my adrenaline as Gus and Dad finish wrapping my hands. Leah’s father, Tim, stands at the door, looking out into the crowd. The music is blaring in my ears, and I can’t hear anything else. This is exactly the way I like it. I close my eyes to block out the activity around me. I focus on the music in my ears and the hatred I have for the man who killed my daughter. This fight is for my unborn baby. Someone hits my arm and I know it’s time to go. Tim and Dad help me with my robe that Leah and Jamie bought me, and I place my phone and earbuds in the pocket of my robe. Gus massages my back and shoulder before leaving the room. I move my head side to side to work out the kinks. When I hear my name, we head to the ring. The lights flash, the fans scream, and my dad, Gus, and Leah’s dad, Tim, surround me, keeping me out of reaching distance from the crowd. 
When I see the camera, I kiss my glove and wave. Leah will know this is for her. I don’t smile; I have my killer game face on. The hatred I have for the man who killed Jamie is raw in my head. I get into the ring, they introduce me, and I hold my gloved hand up and slowly turn around, making sure to face all the fans in the entire room. Without them, I wouldn’t be here. I sit down and wait. I replay the song in my head and keep my focus. I’m not cocky and I’m not here for a good time. Leah tells me to get in and get out of the ring. Gus tells me to play for the camera. Give my fans a show. I’m done playing. Leah wants it quick so I’ll finish this fight quickly for her.  
I hear the announcer say, “This is an important fight for Bobby ‘The Rock’ Grether. Two years ago, he was a legitimate contender to fight Abel Kennedy for the championship. If he wins tonight, he can move once more into legitimate contender status.” 
Gus inserts my mouthpiece and it’s time to dance. My opponent is Cain “The Snake” Johnson. He is the same height and build as me. I watched him many times over the past two months on YouTube and Break.com. I have his moves down to a science. The bell goes off and I take my stance. He swings and misses. I swing and make contact. He’s stunned but doesn’t fall. This is for my unborn baby. I turn and hit him as hard as I can on his left temple. He’s dazed and falls. He doesn’t get up and he’s down for the count. The referee stands in between us and I know to move further away from him. They are afraid I’ll pounce on him when he can’t defend himself. What kind of animal would do that? I wait anxiously for the count of 10 and then I raise my own hand.  
Dad, Gus, and Tim congratulate me. I can see the shock and the excitement in their faces. I don’t look at my opponent. I stare straight ahead. The fans hold up signs, and some girls lift their shirts to expose their red bras that match my red and white boxing robe. Some have words that they wrote on their bodies: “The Rock,” “Grether,” “I love you,” and “Will you marry me?” to name a few. I laugh and think, Hell, no, I’ll never marry you.  
I hear the announcer say, “Kennedy can’t ignore The Rock now. The Rock is a legitimate contender to fight Kennedy for the championship. There are other contenders, but The Rock has been mighty and mightily impressive today. This fight took less than one minute.” Maybe this is what it will take to get Kennedy out of hiding.  
I wave to my fans before leaving the ring.  
“Book my flight home,” I say before I am even in the room. 
“Let’s check you out first,” Gus insists. 
“For what? He didn’t even hit me.” 
I look at Leah’s dad, Tim, and nod towards him. “Book it, I wanna get back to Leah.” 
Gus and Dad start removing my gloves, and Gus wonders what people will say about the fight ending so quickly. “They pay good money to see a fight,” Gus begins. 
“And that’s what I’m giving them,” I insist. “A good fight need not last 12 rounds. The best possible fight can be over in five seconds.” 
Tim says, “Flights booked for the red eye. We leave in three hours.” 
“Thanks, Tim, I appreciate it.”  
Once the gloves are off, I stand up and look out into the arena. The paramedics are still in the ring, attending to my opponent. Some of the fans are leaving and some are staying taking pictures. Why anyone would want to take photos of an injured man is beyond me. I close the door. “I’m going to shower and then I’ll be ready to leave for the airport.”  
“Hurry up, we have to clean out our things at the hotel,” Gus says. 
I call Leah to let her know I’m fine and I’ll be home in a few hours. “Sounds like a party,” I say as I hear laughter in the background. 
“It is. Mason and Brice just won a ton of money, I think.” 
“Good, how are you?” I ask. 
“Fine, I’m glad it didn’t take very long.” 
“You’re the only one.” 
“What?” 
“Nothing.” 
“Ace, did he even hit you?” she asks. 
“Nope. I’m going to shower and I’ll see you in a few hours.” 
“Good, I love you and I’ll see you soon.” 
“Me, too.” I shower and dress. Dad, Gus, and Tim are as thrilled as I am. I know this is what it’ll take to draw Kennedy’s attention to me. Dad, Gus, and Tim are excited because I’m making a name for myself and soon the championship may be within my reach. One more really good fight, and maybe I can fight Kennedy. I also learn that my opponent is severely injured. I hate hearing this. I have no intentions of sharing this news with Leah. She’ll worry about me and him. 
I get a call and answer. “Bobby Grether here,” when I don’t recognize the number.  
“Bobby, what in the hell was that?” A familiar voice asks on the other end of the phone. I smile when I finally recognize the voice. A retired pro-boxer and friend, Sugar Ray Tiger. 
“You saw that, did ya?” 
“Damn straight. My boy’s fighting, I had to watch it.” 
“Ray, that was one fast knockout.” 
“Is that what that was?” he laughs.  
“Yes, my friend, it is. How are you?” 
“I’m good. Just saw the fight and I had to call to congratulate you myself. You’re on your way, my man.” 
“I appreciate that, thank you.” 
“I see you learned a thing or two from me,” he laughs. 
“You and Rocky Balboa taught me everything I know.” Gus and Dad clear their throat at my comment. I smile and nod at them. 
“Hell, no! Please tell me you aren’t still a Rocky fan.” 
“He’s my idol. I just can’t kick him to the curb.” We both laugh and I ask, “Are you coming out of retirement anytime soon?”  
“Nah, I’m done. I’m too old for that shit,” he laughs. “This old body can’t take those hits like it used to. I am a motivational speaker now. So that’s interesting.” 
“Good for you. You always did try to help the kids. Even in retirement, you’re still making a difference.” 
“We have to, man, these kids need us. Hey, I gotta run, the grandkids are destroying my house. Congratulations again, Bobby.” 
“Thanks, Ray, later.” I disconnect the call and save his number into my contacts.  
Mr. Franklin walks into the room and shakes my hand. “An impressive fight, Bobby.” 
“Thank you.” 
“You fight like a man on a mission.” 
“Trying to get a second chance with Kennedy.” 
“This might be just enough to bring him out.” 
“I hope so.” 
On the flight home, Gus tells me I did well. I know I made him and myself look good up there. When I fight Kennedy, I plan to give the fans a show. Kennedy is good and we fight very similarly. We fight to win. I lost the one and only fight I had with him, but I won’t lose the next one. He also still holds the championship belt that I want to claim as my own. I have watched and studied Kennedy’s moves and like my own, they are malicious and fierce. Being on the streets has taught me many things. I plan to fight to win.  
Dad drops me off at the house. I can’t wait to see Leah. I have been gone for only a day, but I have missed her. After the death of our daughter, I left Leah and turned to drugs to make me forget. I intentionally overdosed and survived that. I have so much guilt when it comes to my family. I vowed to make it right and to be a man that Leah can be proud of. Sometimes she thinks I’m all alpha male, but I can’t help it. The love that I have for her brings out the beast that lives within me.  
I undress and quietly crawl in bed with her. She is asleep, but her body knows I’m here. She moans and backs up into me. I scoot close to her until her back is flat against my chest. I inhale her unique scent of buttercream and vanilla and drift off into a dreamless sleep.  
I wake up to the sound of vomiting. The bathroom door is closed and Leah isn’t in bed. I stay in bed and wait. I want to help her, but I know there isn’t anything I can do for her. I hear the toilet flush and water running in the sink before I breathe a sigh of relief. Leah comes out.  
“Feel better?” I ask. 
She looks at me and shakes her head while covering her mouth with her hand. Her eyes get big and she runs back into the restroom. I get up and get the newspaper from the front porch and go to the kitchen. I return to the bedroom with the paper, a bottle of cold water, a bottle of room temperature water, and a few Saltine crackers. I tap on the bathroom door and open it slowly. Leah is kneeling over the toilet and holding a washcloth to her forehead. I stay with her, and when there is nothing left for her to throw up, I lead her back into the bedroom. I also bring the trashcan with us. She crawls into bed and covers herself up. I wait before offering her some crackers and water.  
Leah and I stay in bed together until her morning sickness passes. She eats a few of the crackers and chooses the room-temperature water. I remember that when she was pregnant for Jamie she craved all the wrong things. Cold chicken, warm water, melted ice cream, and ice tea without ice. It looks like this pregnancy will be like the last.  
“We should get up,” she says. 
“Why?” 
“Because I’m feeling better and we are going to waste the day away if we don’t.” 
“Staying in bed all day with my beautiful wife is not wasting the day away.” 
I open up the newspaper and see that Leah and Brooke are on the front page. The main headline reads, “Dante is the Perfect Book Boyfriend.” In smaller type appears, “Local Bookstore Owner Shows Support for Local Author.” The article has a picture of Brooke and Leah inside the bookstore. I smile and turn it over for Leah to see. “Look, you’re famous.” 
“Are you kidding?” she squeals as she takes the paper from my hands. I lean over her and we read the extensive article in silence.  
I lean back and prop a pillow behind my head. “I’m going to need your and Brooke’s autographs sometime today.” 
“Stop it!” She giggles.  
Leah’s phone rings and she answers it with a squeal. I already know it’s Brooke. I get up and start breakfast while Leah’s on the phone. When breakfast is nearly done, Leah comes into the kitchen smiling and carrying the newspaper.  
“I hope you told her to get more books into the shop.” 
“I didn’t. Do you think this will increase her book sales?” 
“Yes, I’m certain it will. I bet her sales are already showing an increase.” 
“Good for her. I brought her first book home last night and started reading it. It’s actually very good.” 
“Are you hungry?” 
“I am. It smells delicious.” 
Brooke
“Brice, come here. You’re not going to believe this.” My husband, Brice, and my two older sons come running into the dining room where I am. Brice sometimes acts like my son, instead of my husband.  
“What happened?” he asks, winded from running. 
“Look.” I turn my computer towards him so he can see the screen. 
He looks at it with furrowed brows. “Is it broken?” 
I take a deep breath, “No, it’s not broken.” 
“Good, I thought it was broken,” he says, walking away from the table. 
“Brice?” 
“What?” 
“Do you see this line right here?” I ask, pointing at the very tall line on the grid. 
He walks back over to me and sits down at the table. “I see it, Mommy,” Braden says excitedly. 
I smile at Braden and then I look at Brice. “Do you know what this is?” 
“No.” 
“This line indicates how many people downloaded my free book.” He looks confused and I swear I want to hit him. 
“You’re excited because you gave away free books?” he asks. 
“Do you know what that means?” 
“I do; it means you could have sold them and made some money.” 
“Brice,” I say very slowly. “It means that I have the potential to sell twice that many books.” I move the cursor so he can see the actual number of the free books. His eyes get big and I know he understands my excitement.  
“Why is this line so much taller than yesterday?” 
“Because of this!” I say excitedly as I hold up the newspaper for him to see the article of me and Leah.  
He smiles and takes the paper from me and reads the article. “I also submitted my free book to BookBub.” 
“What’s BookBub?” 
“It’s an online site that features books on the web page. Brice, they have a reach of over 1,000,000 readers and they accept only 20% of the books that are submitted to them.” 
“Let’s hope your book is one of the 20% to get accepted.” 
The kids are also sitting at the table with us. “Mommy, are you famous?” 
“No, Briley, I’m not.” 
“When you get famous, can we have a horse?” 
“No, Briley, no horse.” 
“Can we have a swimming pool?” Braden asks. 
“No, Braden, no swimming pool.” 
Brice reads the paper and looks up at me and smiles. “Very impressive.” 
“Thank you.” 
“When you get famous, will you buy me a new Ford 250?” 
“No, Brice, no new truck for you or for me!” We laugh and he leans in to hug me.  
“Have I told you how proud I am of you?” 
“No, you haven’t.” 
“I’m sorry if I haven’t because I am.” 
“Thank you. I appreciate that.” 
“When BookBub accepts you, can I get a new truck?” 
“No, Brice. Not now, not then.” 
“Well, I’m still proud of you.” He leans in and kisses me again and says, “Get your shoes on, boys, because we’re taking Momma out to dinner.” 
I get a text from Leah, saying I should probably bring in some more books to her shop. I just took some in and I’m afraid she may be getting a little too excited. Brice takes me and the boys to dinner at my favorite Mexican restaurant and then we play putt-putt golf. We have a great day and the kids and Brice are carefree. Brice is usually under stress and he works endlessly. The boys shower, have a snack, and go to bed. Before bed, I check my sales for the day on the e-book sites and I force myself to blink a few times. The lines on the grid are still climbing for the free and paid books. My hearts races and my palms sweat. One of the best things I ever did is give away the first book in my series. Of course, this probably works only with trilogies that have cliffhangers in Books 1 and 2. 
“Brice?” 
“What?” 
“Look,” I say tapping his hands. He leans over and now he knows what he’s looking at.  
“Leah, are you sure I can’t have a Ford 250?” 
“Shut up.” I kiss him, close the laptop, and say a silent prayer of thanks before falling into a peaceful sleep.  
Chapter Four: Changes
Robert
We don’t go to church today because of Leah’s morning sickness. Plus, both of us are tired. She had a big day yesterday at the shop, and I flew out to D.C. and back for the fight. We don’t have anything planned for today until dinnertime.  
“How are you feeling?” she asks. 
I’m lying on the couch and raise my head up to look at her. “Fine, why?” 
“Because of the fight last night. Are you stiff, sore, or anything?” 
“Sweets, did you watch the fight?” I ask in confusion. 
“Yes I did, Ace.” 
“I didn’t get hit. I’m fine.” 
“Okay, just asking. It feels odd that you fight and I don’t ask how you are. I don’t ever remember you boxing and never getting hit.” 
“Because it’s never happened before until very recently.” 
She sighs and I try to watch the television from the opposite side of the couch. After a few minutes, she asks, “Do you know why you’re not getting hit now?” 
I raise my head and look at her and smile. “Because I’m a badass macho man and an alpha male all rolled up into one. That’s why.” 
She laughs and says, “Good, stay that way for all your fights, will ya?” 
“Anything for you, Sweets.” I wink at her and lower my head to try to concentrate on the Rocky marathon playing on television. 
Leah and I lounge around most of the day on Sunday until we meet our parents for dinner. I think she was actually able to relax. I know the fights bother her, but I think the last two fights are easing her anxiety some.  
I wanted to work out today, but I don’t. Leah and I need to at least have one leisurely day a week together. Her morning sickness has passed for the day and we both get ready for Sunday dinner at the Crab Trap Restaurant. 
Leah starts to get ready first since she takes longer than I do. She has short black hair so she doesn’t need to spend much time fixing it. She is beautiful and her short haircut matches her small petite features. When I walk into the bedroom, she is trying to zip up a pair of jeans, without success. “I swear, these fit me last week.” 
“That may be, but they don’t fit you this week.” 
She frowns, “I’m glad I’m pregnant, but I thought I would have some more time to wear these.” 
I put on my pair of jeans and Leah looks over at me when she hears the zipper. I smile. “Whew, I’m glad mine still fit,” I say teasingly.  
Leah throws a pillow at me before storming off to her walk-in closet. I finish getting dressed and she returns wearing a flowing black sundress and black sandals. She looks stunning. Leah stands more than a foot shorter than me and is well over 100 lbs. less. To say I tower over her is an understatement. I walk over to her and rest my overly large hand on her belly.  
“It’s growing and this is exactly what we want.” 
She smiles and rests her hand on top of mine. “You’re right, it is the most important thing.” 
I look at her seriously and say, “What do you think about telling our parents about the pregnancy today?” 
“We still have about three weeks to go to be considered in the safe zone.” 
“I know.” 
“Do you want to tell them?” 
I nod. “I do. I don’t want to wait for three more weeks. I’m thrilled and I want to share our good news with them now.” 
Leah smiles and says, “Me, too.” 
We are the first to arrive at the restaurant and are waiting at the table before our parents come. When we see them entering the front entrance, Leah and I stand to greet them. I had just spent yesterday with our fathers and she spent yesterday with our mothers.  
Once the pleasantries are finished, we talk about the poster contest at the bookstore yesterday. No one mentions the fight or the trip to D.C. We already know that no matter what the outcome of the fight is, it is still a sore subject for Leah.  
“I’m not sure that glitter will come out of the carpet,” my mom says. 
“What glitter?” I ask. 
Leah smiles and says, “Raelynn brought some glitter to make her poster — well, actually she brought enough glitter for everyone to make their posters. Most of it came up when Emma and Molly vacuumed.” 
“She sure is a sweet little thing,” Leah’s mom, Sue, says.  
“Yes, she is,” Leah agrees. “I guess we’ll be reminded of Raelynn’s sweetness for a long time.” 
We order our dinner and drinks and I also order a bottle of champagne. Leah reaches for my hand and holds it under the table. “Are we celebrating a successful poster-coloring contest?” my dad jokes.  
I say, “No, not posters.” 
Everyone looks around the table at Leah and I and smile. “Are we celebrating a win?” Tim asks. 
“We could be, but, no, not a win,” Leah says.  
The waitress brings the champagne and pours it into six glasses. We all take a glass, including Leah. I know she isn’t going to drink it, but she is doing this to throw them off guard. My mom frowns and says, “I thought for a second maybe it was a pregnancy announcement, but I guess I was wrong with Leah drinking.”  
I smile and raise my glass. Leah squeezes my hand again and I say, “Leah and I are almost three months pregnant.” Everyone starts talking all at once and our mothers claim that they knew it yesterday when they saw Leah at the shop. We make a toast to a healthy pregnancy. Leah and I make our toast with water. Since my drug problems after Jamie’s death, I rarely drink.  
We have dinner and talk about the pregnancy. Leah stresses that it’s still too early and we aren’t announcing it just yet. Everyone nods in understanding. We talk about Jamie and if the baby will look like her. We miss Jamie terribly and it feels right to talk about her, although it’s painful. Jamie was our daughter and I like it when she is remembered. We talk about her favorite stuffed animal — Jack Rabbit — and how much she loved him. 
We also talk about Leah not drinking for the next several months. 
“It won’t be a problem,” she says. “I have never drunk much — not since I consulted some wine books in a futile attempt to find out which wine goes best with cookie dough.” 
Through the week, we call and make a doctor’s appointment for Leah at her obstetrician. Her morning sickness rears its ugly head every morning for a brief time. I train hard every day and hope that we hear something from Kennedy; we don’t. Championship fights are set up by the fighter’s managers or the place that is hosting the match. They choose or set up the fight and the opponents. Champions can’t win the title or the belt and refuse to fight to maintain it. They are obligated to fight two or three times a year.  
On Friday, I follow Leah to work and help her open the shop as I do every morning.  
“What would you do if you had a real job?” she asks.  
“Ouch,” I say, looking hurt. “I do have a real job that pays very well. Thank you.” 
She giggles. “I mean a 9 to 5 job? You wouldn’t be able to come and help me like you do.” 
“That would be a problem. I’d have to quit my day job, stay at home and eat bonbons, read boxing magazines, and take you to and from work.” 
“And babysit,” she adds. 
“And babysit,” I agree.  
Once everything is done, I kiss and hug Leah goodbye. I leave my Hummer parked in the parking lot and take off running. I run around town, stopping at the florist and then the cemetery. I talk to my baby girl as if she were sitting beside me. I tell her that she is going to be a big sister. I tell her how much we all miss and love her. Before leaving, I wipe down her tombstone and touch her name lightly with my fingertips. “I miss you, Jamie,” I say before leaving.  
I meet Gus and Dad at Upper Cut for my daily workout. Thankfully, my guy is there at the gym and we get a good 12 rounds in the ring. It feels good to actually hit something that doesn’t fall down and break on the first punches. In a few weeks, I have my next fight; it is against a contender: Malcolm “The King” Smith. 
I shower and have Dad drop me off at Leah’s shop.  
Leah
Robert helps Bethany and me close up the shop, and he decides to leave his Hummer parked so we can ride home together. Well, I thought we were going home, but he has other things in mind. 
“Where are we going?” I ask when he turns in the opposite direction of our home. 
“I thought we could go shopping.” 
“That’s a good idea to go grocery shopping tonight, so we won’t have to go tomorrow,” I say. 
He smiles at me and says, “That is a great idea. I wish I had thought of it.” 
I look at him and laugh. “If it’s not groceries we are shopping for, then what is it?” 
“Clothes.” 
He pulls up at the “Mommy and Me Clothing Boutique.” Maternity clothes. I like this idea. “I thought we could get you some clothes that aren’t quite so…” 
“Tight?” I interrupt. 
“Snug, is what I was thinking. Our baby seems to be growing a little faster than Jamie did,” he admits, putting the car into park.  
I look down at my top; it is snug around my boobs and belly. 
“I haven’t told Bethany I was pregnant. Do you think she suspects it?” I ask, readjusting my top so it isn’t clinging to my body. 
“Sweets, if she doesn’t suspect a pregnancy, I would assume that she needs glasses.” 
He laughs, and I look down at my baby bump, and I laugh, too. “I’ll tell her on Monday.” 
“Good idea, come on.” 
Soon, I am standing in front of Robert with a handful of clothes to try on. “Hold my purse and I’ll try to hurry.” 
“Sorry,” he says when some papers fall out of my over-stuffed purse.  
“It’s okay,” I say as I bend down to help him pick them up. 
“I’ll get these while you try on your clothes.” 
I try on several outfits and show Robert the ones that I like. Once I have decided on the ones I like and the ones that there is no way in hell I’ll ever wear, we go to the cash register. Robert seems quiet and I can’t be sure why. Once we are in my Tahoe, I ask, “Are you all right?” 
He looks over at me and tries to smile. “I’m good, why?” 
“Because you seem quiet.” 
“No, I’m fine. I put the papers back in your purse that fell out earlier.” 
“Thanks, I need to clean it out.” 
“Your paperwork from the hospital’s still in there.” 
“That along with a bunch of other stuff,” I say stuffing the overabundance of papers into my purse. 
“Your blood type is B positive, right?” he asks, not pulling out of the parking lot. 
“No, it’s O negative, why?” 
He looks concerned and says, “They asked me your blood type in the hospital, I thought you were B positive, like Jamie.” 
“Nope, I’m O negative.” I smile at him and say, “I’m glad they didn’t have to give me blood in the hospital since you had my blood type wrong.” 
“Yeah, me, too. That would have been one hell of a mix-up,” he says, pulling out of the parking lot.  
I call the hospital and make sure my blood type is corrected. I explain that my husband gave them incorrect information accidentally. They assure me it’s already been corrected. They said that when they draw blood, they always run the blood type and enter it into the computer. The doctor noticed the error and corrected it immediately. This is standard procedure, and it saves lives. 
On the way home, I ask Robert, “Do you like the clothes I bought?” 
“I do. I thought you looked beautiful in them.” 
“Do you think I spent too much money on them?” 
“No, not at all. Do you?” he asks, smiling over at me. 
“I don’t think I realized how much maternity clothes cost.” 
He looks over quickly and smiles at me. “A friend of mine opened a maternity clothing shop in a college town, in Athens, Ohio. The professors’ and doctors’ wives were good customers, but the college town was in an impoverished area and most pregnant women simply wore their boyfriends’ or husbands’ shirts. She went out of business. No, Sweets, I don’t think you spent too much money. I am happy to support a local business. I’m just hungry. Do you want to eat out or eat at home?” 
“I’m tired, do you mind if we eat at home?” 
“Home it is.”  
We drive to the house in silence. I rest my head on the headrest in the car and when I open my eyes, we’re pulling up to the security gate.  
“You’re leaving the Hummer at Jamie’s Cozy Corner tonight?” 
“I thought I would. This way, we can ride home tomorrow. We can get it tomorrow if we go out.”  
We have dinner then I soak in a hot bubble bath. Robert comes in and asks, “May I join you?” 
I lean forward and wait for him to strip down and climb in behind me. Once we are situated and covered up in bubbles, I ask, “Did you have a rough day today?” 
“No, not at all. I just want to be close to my girl tonight.” 
Robert and I stay in the tub for a long time. I have to run more hot water to keep it from getting cold. We don’t really say much, we just lie there. I’m not sure whether he’s worried about the pregnancy. I’m grateful that he’s not fighting for a while, although the time will pass much too quickly. I worry and miss him when he’s not here. He seems like something is on his mind and I don’t know what. 
“Come on, Sweets. I think I’m turning into a prune.” 
I move side to side, rubbing my back against his erection. “This doesn’t feel like a shriveled-up prune to me.”  
He leans into me and whispers in my ear, “Come on, Sweets. I’ve wanted to be inside you all day.” 
I shiver from his tone and my nipples immediately harden. I lean forward to try to hide my excitement as he climbs out of the tub before me. I watch anxiously as he wraps a towel around his waist. I drain the water and he offers me his hand as he holds a towel for me in his other. He covers me securely before he carries me into the bedroom and lays me gently on the bed. We make love and he is so gentle with me, it’s almost like he’s afraid of hurting me.  
“Good night, Leah. I love you so much,” he whispers as he holds me close. 
“Good night, Ace. I love you, too.” 
“Smile for the camera, Jamie,” I say. 
“Wait a minute. I need Jack.” 
“Here, Jamie. I have Jack,” Robert says. 
“Thank you, Daddy.” 
Robert sets the timer on the camera and picks up Jamie. I scoot in close and wrap my arm securely around the both of them. “One, two, three, say, ‘Cheese,’” Robert says and Jamie and I laugh. 
“Can we go to the zoo now?” Jamie asks excitedly. 
Jamie is fastened in her car seat and the three of us talk excitedly about the trip to the zoo. I look at Robert and scream when I see a car coming towards us from the driver’s side. We flip and skid before coming to a stop on the roof of the car.  
“Mommy, Mommy, you have to wake up.” I tried so hard to open my eyes, but I couldn’t. “Mommy, Grandma’s here, I have to go.” 
“Wait Jamie, don’t leave me. I love you.” 
“I love you, too. I have to go with Grandma.” 
“I’ll miss you. Please stay.” 
“I’ll see you soon. Daddy has Jack.” 
A few days after I woke up from my coma, I was introduced to the chaplain at the hospital. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Grether, but your daughter, Jamie, didn’t survive the accident.” I look at my parents and Robert’s parents like it was some cruel joke. They are all crying. Tears are streaming down their faces. I watch the chaplain and blink. 
“Where is she? Where is Robert? I need to see Robert. I don’t believe you.” 
“Robert left the hospital, Leah. I’m sorry. We don’t know where he is,” his dad, Walter, says.  
My daughter’s dead and my husband left me. The first thing I did when I got home was close Jamie’s bedroom door. I didn’t want to see her things, I didn’t want to be reminded of what was taken from me. Next, I put the spare house key under the flower pot for Robert. I knew he would come back. I knew he was hurting and he needed time. I knew he would never stay gone. Robert loved me, and he loved Jamie.  
Months passed. 
“Your husband, Robert, is in the hospital from an overdose of drugs. He may not make it.”  
I blink at the policeman standing there in front of me on the front porch of my home. Stop playing these cruel jokes on me. I don’t deserve this! I screamed inside my head. 
“My husband is gone. My husband left me. My husband doesn’t use drugs,” I say incoherently.  
“Ma’am, please come with us. We’ll take you to the hospital.” 
Robert is lying there in a coma, unconscious. He’s thin, too thin. I haven’t seen him in almost a year. He doesn’t look like what I remember. My big, strong husband looks broken and weak. He left me and turned to drugs. I don’t call anyone. I sit there in a fog that I can’t escape. It swallows me and holds me hostage.  
I wake up screaming and crying. Is it a dream? Is Jamie alive? Is Robert dead? Where are they? I am alone and the room is dark. I scream for Robert and for Jamie. Robert rushes into the bedroom and holds me close. I feel the warmth of his body and his fast heart beating, against my chest. “It’s all right, Sweets. It’s just a dream,” he coos. He’s here. He came back to me. I stare at the last picture that was ever taken of my family through blurry eyes. Jamie’s gone. It wasn’t a dream, it was a night terror. Robert slowly lies down with me, and I feel the warm wetness on my forehead from his own tears. He kisses me and cries with me.  
“It’s all right, Leah, I’m here,” he says. 
It’s not all right. Jamie’s gone. It will never be all right, again. I don’t say that. I don’t have to. Robert knows it will never be all right. 
“I just miss her so much.” 
“I know, Leah, I do, too. I miss her every waking minute of every day. I think about her all the time, but more so here lately.” 
“Will we ever get past the pain?” 
“I don’t know.” 
We wake up the next morning and I feel the darkness pulling at me. The pain in my chest is back and I swear I can feel my heart breaking. Jamie. Robert looks sad and broken lying beside me. I get up to pee and go right back to bed. Robert doesn’t get up; we stay in bed. I am grateful it’s a weekend. I wouldn’t be able to go to work, to put on a fake smile, and pretend that everything is right in the world. After Jamie’s death, and Robert leaving me, I could function only through medication. Today, I feel like I did then, sad and broken. We don’t talk; we just lie there consumed in our grief. Jamie’s been gone almost two years and it still feels like it just happened. To lose your child actually feels like your heart is being ripped open so that your child can be buried there. I don’t expect anyone to understand our pain unless you have gone through it. 
“Leah, you have to eat something.” 
I wake up, feeling exhausted, and say, “I’m not hungry.” 
“Please, just try to eat something,” Robert pleads. 
“I’m sleepy, I just want to sleep.” 
I drift off into my fog. The dark clouds are back taking me hostage. 
Robert
I say on the phone, “Sue, she won’t get up and she won’t eat.” 
“What happened?” 
“She had a nightmare.” 
“When?” 
“Friday night. Can you please come over? Maybe you can help her.” 
“I’m on my way.” 
“Good, see you soon.” 
I disconnect the call and walk up the stairs to check on Leah. It’s Sunday and she’s still in bed. I have never seen her this bad before. She has bad dreams and she gets depressed but she can usually overcome it in a few hours or even a day. I’m worried about her and the baby. 
When I get to the top of the steps, I stop. Jamie’s bedroom door is open. We always keep her door closed. It’s just too painful to go in there. I walk slowly towards her bedroom. I hear the faint sound coming from Jamie’s small ballerina music box. When I get to Jamie’s bedroom, I can see Leah. She is standing near Jamie’s white dresser, holding the little ballerina music box we got her for her third birthday. The music box is playing “Somewhere Over the Rainbow” as Leah hums softly to the music.  
I don’t say anything. I just stand there and watch Leah. She walks around the room slowly, lightly touching Jamie’s things. “I loved her so much,” Leah says softly.  
I didn’t even know that she knew I was here. I say, “She knew that.” I step further into the room.  
“Do you think she knows how much we miss her?” Leah asks, but she still hasn’t looked up at me. I watch her as she sits gingerly on Jamie’s bed.  
“I believe she’s an angel and watches over us every day,” I answer honestly. “I think she sees our pain.” 
“Robert, I don’t know how to move on without her.” 
 I don’t either. I walk into Jamie’s bedroom and sit next to Leah on the bed. “One day at a time.” 
She nods and I take her small hand in mine. “I hope we have another girl,” Leah says with a sad smile. Her lashes are moist from tears, and her eyes are red and swollen from crying. Her hair is messy, and she is still in her pajamas from Friday.  
“Me, too.” I hear Leah’s belly growl and I say, “I think you’re hungry.” 
Leah puts her hand softly on her stomach. “I need a shower first.” 
I stand, still holding her hand. “Come on, Sweets. You shower and I’ll make us some lunch.” 
While Leah is in the shower, I call her mom and tell her she’s up. Sue tells me she and Tim will stop by and get some “comfort food” and lunch for everyone. I have no idea what “comfort food” is. I change the sheets on the bed and make it while Leah showers. She walks out of the bathroom, wearing a pair of lounge pants and a tank top. She looks better and I know she feels better. I smile when I see her.  
I ask, “Are you hungry?” Please say yes. 
“I am. I’m sorry, I should have taken better care of myself for the baby.” 
“I think it’ll be all right. You maintained your fluid intake the last couple of days. Your mom and dad are bringing lunch.” 
“You called them?” 
“I actually called them while you were in bed. I was worried about you,” I admit. 
“I’m a mess, aren’t I?” she asks as she sits beside me on the bed. 
I turn my body to face hers. “A mess? No. Saddened by the death of our daughter? Yes.” 
“How do you do it? You always seem to keep it together.” 
Are you kidding me? “You think I keep it together? No, Leah, I don’t. I left you after Jamie’s death, I turned to drugs, and I almost died. I beat the shit out of a punching bag five or six days a week to keep from falling apart.” 
“I thought you did that to stay fit.” 
“I do that mostly to keep my head clear. I find it to be very therapeutic for me. Then, of course, I have to do it for my career in boxing.” 
She asks, “Do you think it’ll help me with my depression?” 
“You want to start working out with me?” 
“If it’ll help me, yes.” 
“Let’s get it cleared with your doctor first, then we’ll go from there.” 
“Thank you.”  
Tim and Sue come over and bring enough food to feed a family of 12. Sue explains that she brought Leah some chicken noodle soup and carrot cake, along with other things. It’s comfort foods that Leah’s grandmother used to make Leah when she was sick. Eating it pretty much automatically makes her feel better. Leah finally eats and speaks openly about her dream and about her depression. She had never suffered from depression until Jamie’s death. I know at one time she needed anti-depressants to help her, but I thought those days were behind us.  
“Do you think you need medications again, Leah?” Sue asks. 
“I hope not. I think it’s too soon to tell. I feel better today, although I’m still sad.” 
“That’s understandable. We miss Jamie terribly,” Tim says. 
“I know you do. I have a doctor’s appointment this week. If he says it’s all right, I’m going to start working out with Robert. I don’t want to have to rely on medications to make me feel better if there is another alternative.” 
“Leah, that’s a good idea. But remember, if you need the medications, there’s nothing wrong with that. Sometimes people just need a boost to feel better.” 
“I know, Dad. Thank you. I’m not opposed to the meds, but I think I want to try something else if I can. I just wish it were easier.” 
We have lunch and Tim asks me where the Hummer is.  
“We left it at Leah’s shop Friday night.” 
Tim says, “We drove by there on our way here and we didn’t see it. The lot was empty.” 
“Robert, you should drive over there,” Leah says, looking concerned.  
“I don’t want to leave you. I can go over tomorrow when you go to work.” 
“You and Dad should go now. If it’s stolen, you’ll want to get a police report filed right away.” 
“What about you?” I ask. 
“Mom will be here with me. I’m already feeling better.” 
“Robert, she’s right. You need to get over there. I’ll be here with her.” 
Tim and I ride over to Leah’s shop and sure enough my Hummer’s gone. I call the police to report it stolen. They ask if I have a picture of it and sure enough I do. I have lots of pictures of it on my cell phone. I try and not be too upset. It’s just a vehicle and it can be replaced. But I can’t lie, I love it.  
Later that night, Leah and I lie in bed. She reads the book that Brooke wrote and I read a boxing magazine. She giggles out loud when she reads a funny part. I look over at her and smile. “Reading something funny?” 
“Brooke is pretty funny. I forgot how much I love romantic comedies.” 
I lean over and kiss her. “Heading to the kitchen, do you want anything?” 
“Are you getting bonbons?” she says, laughing. 
Leah has jokes. “You think you’re funny?” 
“Yeah, a little bit.” 
“I’m glad you’re feeling better.” 
“Me, too.” 
The next morning before we leave to go to Leah’s work. I notice Jamie’s door is open. Expecting to see Leah in there, I am surprised to see it’s empty. I think this is a huge step in our healing process. The door has been shut since Jamie’s death and it feels unusual having her door open. The sun is shining through Jamie’s bedroom window, brightening the usually dim hallway.  
When we pull up at Leah’s shop, she says, “Look, is that your Hummer?” 
I smile when I see it. It looks like it has just been washed. “It sure is.” 
“Are you sure it wasn’t here yesterday?” I look over at her and she says, “Sorry, just asking. Why would someone take it, wash it, and bring it back?” I ask. 
“I have no idea, but look, there’s a note on it.” 
I park the Tahoe beside my Hummer and get out to retrieve the note from beneath the windshield wiper. Leah stands there, looking around the parking lot. “They aren’t here, Sweets. Whoever took it is long gone.” 
I read the note out loud to Leah. 
Bobby, I stole your Hummer and didn’t realize it was yours until I looked at the registration. I am a huge fan and never would have stolen it if I had known it belonged to you. I detailed it for you and again, I am sorry. Your biggest fan. 
“Are you serious?” Leah takes the note out of my hand and reads it again. She looks up at me and laughs. “Someone steals your car and because they’re a fan of yours they decide to have it detailed and bring it back looking better than when they took it?” 
I open the door and look inside. It looks great, just like it was professionally done. I close the door and Leah is watching me. “What?” 
“Ace, this would happen only to you,” she says, walking away from the car.  
“It’s because we have an angel looking out for us.” 
Leah
Robert reminds me that we have an angel watching over us. I believe Jamie is our guardian angel. I smile to myself and am thankful that I am feeling better.  
Robert says, “I need to call the police and tell them to cancel that stolen vehicle report.” 
“Are you wanting to press charges if they find whoever took it?” 
“No, I don’t see the need. They didn’t take anything and they did bring it back cleaner than it was when they stole it.” 
“Good, I’m going in to help Jo. I’ll see you in a minute.” 
Robert hangs out at the shop with me for the biggest part of the morning. I don’t complain. I like having him here with me, sometimes, and I know he wants to make sure my depression doesn’t return. I’ll always be sad over losing Jamie, but depression is a whole new level of sadness. It buries itself deep inside your soul, then spreads through your veins until you are consumed every minute of every day with sorrow that is so dark, you don’t care if you live or die. 
“Miss Leah, would you read us a story today?” I look down from the counter and a little girl, about Jamie’s age, is standing there holding a book.  
“C’mon, Princess, I’ll read to you.” Robert stands up and walks around the counter. He takes the book from the little girl and she follows him to the children’s reading area. Six little kids are sitting at the round child’s size table. I watch as Robert pulls out a small wooden chair from the table and sits on it carefully. I know he is testing the strength of the chair. He smiles and holds the books up and says, “The Princess Mermaid and the Missing Sea Shells, written by Michael J. DiPinto.” I smile as I watch the kids give Robert their undivided attention. Robert probably thinks that is because the kids are too little to know how to divide — that’s a dad joke and Robert is going to be a dad again. He opens the book and begins reading it to the children. I watch him because I can’t look away. He is such a good man, and he was such a good father.  
“How far along are you?” Bethany asks.  
I look at her and smile. “Almost three months. I was going to tell you.” 
“I understand you wanting to wait, but it’s getting a little hard to hide it.” She nods at my baby bump. 
I gently place my hand on my belly.  
“I’m happy for you both. I know it’s early, but I wanted to get you something for your bundle of joy.”  
I watch as Bethany pulls out a basket from beneath the counter.  
“You didn’t have to do that.” 
“I know, but I wanted to,” she says, handing me the basket. 
I peek inside and lift up a blue and a pink sleeper. There is also a blue and pink pacifier, a couple of children’s books, a teacup with a variety of teas, and a copy of the magazine Pregnant.  
“Thank you so much,” I say, hugging her. “You shouldn’t have done this.” 
“Yes, I should have and it’s nothing.”  
I look back up at Robert and he has now drawn in an even larger crowd. Not just the children, but their mothers are all near the kids’ reading area listening to the badass, macho-man, alpha-male who is reading out loud a children’s story.  
“Do you think guys know how hot that is?” Bethany asks. 
I look at her and ask, “What?” 
“Men reading, not just reading but reading to kids. That’s hot.” 
I smile at Robert reading in the distance and say to Bethany, “If they knew it, all men would be readers.” 
“Kyle’s a reader and I love it. Of course, we don’t read the same types of books, but it’s still sexy.” 
After lunch and zero cinnamon buns later, Robert leaves for his run and workout. I anticipate he’ll work out extra hard today because of his upcoming fight. Bethany and I work well together; she makes me laugh. She has no idea of my meltdown over the weekend, and she doesn’t treat me any differently than she did on Friday. Robert and my parents, on the other hand, treat me as if I’m a fragile porcelain Humpty-Dumpty sitting on the ledge of a top-shelf about to topple over and break. During our downtime, we look at wedding dresses and wedding themes online. Some of the wedding themes are pretty but some are pretty extreme, such as Star Wars, Breaking Bad, and Walking Dead weddings.  
Bethany has something funny to say about all of them. For example:  
¥	“Roses are red, violets are blue. If you are a Star Wars fan, may the Force be with you.” 
¥	Doorbell rings. “Who is it?” “Pizza Deliveryman.” “Where is it and how much do I owe you?” “It’s on the house.” (Only Breaking Bad fans will understand.) 
¥	“Did you have a favorite subject in school, Jesse Pinkman?” “Yeah. Science, bitch.” (Only Breaking Bad fans will understand.) 
¥	“Who would have a zombie wedding? Someone who wants to marry his GHOUL friend.” 
I love her sense of humor and her quick wit. Spending the day with her makes me forget about my sadness that’s lurking just beneath the surface waiting to spring into action. I know it’s there and I will it to settle to the bottom of my soul and die. 
Robert picks me up and waits for me to finish my work. He runs the sweeper while I do the deposit. Once everything is done, I suggest leaving my car here at the shop overnight.  
“Why would you do that?” he asks. “I just got my car back.” 
“Because my car needs to be detailed, too.” 
“Jealous my car looks better than yours?” 
“Yeah, a little,” I giggle.  
“I’ll do your car tomorrow.” 
“Thank you.” 
I follow behind Robert in my own car. I walk in the house and it smells delicious. “You made dinner?” I ask, inhaling the delicious aroma coming from the kitchen. 
“I did. I ran, and then I came home to work out. I made a meatloaf and tossed it in the oven. Actually, I really did slave away in the kitchen all afternoon, now that I think about it.”  
He’s joking, and it makes me smile.  
“Mixed a meatloaf for 15 minutes and tossed it in the oven to cook by itself. You really did slave away today.”  
“Thank you for appreciating all of my hard work.” 
“Oh, I do.” I smile and walk over to the stove to check on the meatloaf. 
Robert and I have dinner together and we talk about my breakdown over the weekend. He had never been around when I had one. I was hoping to dodge the entire topic, but I should have known he would want to talk about it. 
“What sets those off?” he asks. He means my depressed moments.  
“I had a dream of the accident. It was more like a vivid memory in slow motion,” I admit. 
“The first time was after the accident?” 
“When I woke up from my coma and learned of Jamie’s death and you leaving. That’s what put me into my first depressed state.” 
“If I could change that, I hope you know that I would.” 
“I know that and I don’t blame you. We all deal with stress and death differently. Neither one of us was in our right mind after the accident.” 
“I should have stayed. I should have handled things…” 
“Differently?” I interrupt. “It wouldn’t have mattered. The outcome would have still been the same. Jamie died, and I became depressed. It wouldn’t have mattered if you were there or not.” 
“I don’t believe that, and I’m sorry. I wish I had manned up and dealt with it. Instead, I ran and left you to deal with everything alone.” 
His eyes are sad; I hate seeing him like that. Robert was always the strong one in our family. For him to have left like he did and turn to drugs… he was in better shape than I was.  
I say, “Maybe we could have helped each other. I don’t know. I do know that it’s the past and we can’t change it.” 
Chapter Five: Preparing to Fight
Robert
Leah’s last words were final. We can’t change it, so why discuss it. Because I have guilt and I’m sorry for making all the wrong decisions and making a bad situation worse. Of course, I don’t say that. But damn if those thoughts don’t haunt me daily.  
“Thank you for reading to the kids today for story time,” she says, changing the subject.  
“You’re welcome. It was nice reading to them. It made me realize how much I miss reading to Jamie.” 
“Me, too. Maybe we can start reading to this baby now. I hear it’s supposed to be good for the baby to be read to and talked to in utero.” 
“Really? I didn’t know that. We’ll start story time tonight, then.” 
After the kitchen gets cleaned up, I find Leah in Jamie’s bedroom. My heart still skips a beat when I see Jamie’s bedroom door opened. It’s been closed for so long. I stand at the doorway and watch Leah searching the bottom shelves of the bookcase.  
“Looking for a book?” I ask. 
“Actually, I’m looking for the Bedtime Story Book.” 
I walk in and remove it from the nightstand. “This one?” 
She looks up from the floor and smiles. “Yep, that’s it.” I watch Leah stand up from the floor and walk over to me. She wipes her hand across the dusty book and removes a layer of dust.  
“It’s been awhile since we read from this,” I say.  
“It has.” 
We both leave the room and I go to close the door behind me.  
“Leave it open,” she says. 
Leah takes a bubble bath, and I lie on the bed, looking through Jamie’s story book. The first page has pink crayon marks where she colored in it. I remember she was lying on the floor scribbling in it.  
“What are you doing?” 
“Coloring,” she said, holding the crayon tightly. 
“That’s not a coloring book,” I told her. She looked me at me like I just spoke to her in a foreign language. I sat on the floor next to her and showed her the difference. “A coloring book. See the pages to color in.” I point to the pony on the page. “A storybook.” I point to the words and pretty colored pictures.  
“Oops.”  
“It’s all right, Princess. Color in this one,” I said as I moved her soft brown hair from her forehead. 
“You look to be in deep thought.” I look up and Leah is standing there in a pair of black yoga pants and a hot pink tank top.  
I hold up the book and show her the pink crayon scribble marks. “Jamie was coloring.” I smile, but it’s a sad, heartbroken half-smile. 
Leah takes the book from me. She smiles, but she has tears in her eyes that haven’t yet fallen. “She sure left her mark, didn’t she?” Leah isn’t talking about the crayon marks in the book; she’s talking about the memories embedded in our hearts. 
“She sure did.” 
Leah climbs into bed and cuddles with me. I hold her with one arm and hold the book with the other. “You’ll need to turn the pages.” 
“Okay, I can do that.” 
“Read front to back or is there a story you want to hear first?” 
“Nope, we have plenty of time. Do you mind reading it front to back?” 
“Nope, anything for you, Sweets.” 
I read and Leah falls asleep in the middle of the story. Any other man would have stopped reading, but not me, I read it to the end. Just like I did when Jamie was alive. She would fall asleep, and I would always finish the story. I was afraid the next day she would ask me how it ended and I wouldn’t know. I think about Jamie and how she had her own unique look. Brown hair and light blue eyes. She was beautiful and had her mother’s beautiful smile.  
I lay the book on the nightstand and turn off the light. I hold Leah tightly and fall asleep. 
On Friday, Leah and I are sitting in the doctor’s office for her first appointment. Mom and Sue are tending to the shop because Bethany has the day off and is wedding-dress shopping. She and Kyle decided on a short engagement. When I say a short engagement, I mean they are getting married next month.  
We sit in the waiting area and Leah becomes nervous.  
“Are you all right?” I watch her as she picks at her clear nail polish on her left hand. 
“Yep.” 
“What are you nervous about?” 
“Nothing.” 
“Leah?” She looks up at me through her long thick eyelashes. “What’s wrong?” 
“I’m not sure, just being here makes me a little anxious, I think.” 
“Leah,” a nurse calls from the doorway. 
“You’re coming with me, right?” 
“I’m right behind you.” 
I hold her hand and we walk through the doorway together. I hold her purse while they get her weight. She changes into a paper gown and sits on the exam table.  
“You have nothing to be scared about.” 
“I know that.” 
“Then please stop picking at your nail polish.” 
She stops and looks up at me and smiles. “I didn’t know I was doing that.” 
“I know.” 
The doctor comes in and asks Leah a series of questions. When her last cycle was, how many pregnancies she has had, how many living children she has. I soon get upset because everything is already in the chart. Why ask her again when you’re looking right at it in the chart? 
“How long ago did you lose your only child?” the doctor asks softly.  
“Everything’s already in the chart,” I say sternly. 
“It is, Robert, and I also see she has recently been depressed.” 
“So why bring it all up again?” 
“When people lose someone such as a child or have been depressed, sometimes it helps them to talk about it, or they may remember something that is relevant from talking about it. Also, when people talk about something, they may remember something important that they have forgotten.” 
Leah speaks softly and says, “It’s okay, Robert. We lost our three-year-old daughter almost two years ago. I went into a deep depression after that.” 
“It says you were on anti-depressants?” 
“I was briefly. I was on Xanax 0.5 m.g. twice a day as needed for anxiety and Celexa 10 m.g. every day for depression.”  
I listen to Leah talk about it and I feel responsible. Leah squeezes my hand to let me know it’s all right. 
“It’s not unusual for someone who has been through what you have to need something to help them function daily. Depression comes and goes for some people while it’s permanent for others. Medications can do wonders for a person who suffers from depression. Have you had any other moments of depression? I don’t mean just sadness, I mean, where you just couldn’t get out of bed, or you didn’t eat for a few days because of it?” 
“She had a nightmare last week about the accident and she stayed in bed for the weekend,” I say before Leah has a chance to. I was afraid that Leah would omit this vital piece of information. 
“That’s true, I did. It was the only other time I have felt like that since coming off my medicine. I don’t want to start back on medication if I don’t have to. I wanted to ask about working out since I’m pregnant. I hear that’s good for depression.” 
“Let’s see how far along you are and then we’ll talk about alternatives and treatment for you.” 
The doctor examines Leah and does an ultrasound. We hear the baby’s heartbeat and I hold Leah’s hand tightly. She measures Leah’s small belly and documents it in the chart. After the exam, Leah and I find out she is 12 weeks pregnant with a due date on November 16th. She is further along than we anticipated. We discuss different kinds of anti-depressants, and then we discuss different types of exercises.  
“I personally don’t think you need to start on anti-depressants. Truthfully, even if you were on meds, you would have shown sad emotions after having such a nightmare.” 
“Good, thank you. What about exercise?” Leah asks. 
“Exercise is beneficial to anyone, pregnant or not. What kind of exercise were you thinking?” 
“Boxing,” Leah blurts out. 
“Excuse me?” 
“I’m a boxer,” I say. “We have everything at home for Leah to work out with me there. She won’t be boxing anyone. She’ll be working out with the punching bags, that’s all.” 
“That is a great exercise that works your upper body and core. Of course, no sparring.” 
I repeat, “Of course, no sparring.” 
We get the paperwork for labs and the next appointment before we leave. Leah and I have lunch at the Twin Dolphins Restaurant before heading back to the shop. My mom and Leah’s mom are excited to hear about the appointment. She tells them about the heartbeat of the baby and gives them the updated due date. Everyone is excited that Leah is further along than we initially thought. I leave to go for my run and leave the girls to tend to the shop.  
Robert
Leah asks, “How long will you be gone for your fight?”  
“Just overnight. The fight is at 8:00 p.m. and we fly back early Sunday.” 
“Where is it, again?” 
“San Francisco, California. Your dad is going, too.”  
“Mom told me yesterday that he was going. I’m glad. Since his retirement, he doesn’t get out much.”  
I look at Leah and say, “I’ll make sure to include him more.”  
“That’ll be nice, but you have only one more year of boxing then you’ll also be retired,” she reminds me.  
“Then we’ll both be bored house husbands,” I joke.  
The next morning I kiss and hug Leah goodbye. Gus picks me up and drives us to the airport. Dad and Tim are already there waiting for us. We fly out first class and everyone orders a drink but me. It must be nice to be retired.  
We gather our carry-ons before exiting the plane. After deciding to eat lunch at the hotel, we do just that. The conversation is light and flows smoothly. My parents’ anniversary is coming up and Dad says he’s planning on surprising her with a seven-night Alaskan cruise.  
“She will love that,” I say.  
“She has always wanted to go. I think she’ll be pleasantly surprised.”  
We order lunch and I go to the room and rest until the fight.  
I call Leah and check in on her. She tells me that she and Brooke are planning on having dinner tonight at a sports bar where the fight will be on the big screen. Leah hates me fighting, but she never misses my fights either. I think it’s a double standard, but I also know it’s her way of supporting me.  
Leah
Brooke and I are sitting in the sports bar watching the fight on the big screen. I’m wearing my t-shirt that has “Grether Rocks” across it. Looking around the room I am happy to see several people wearing red and white shirts, sweatshirts, and ball caps. Most of the patrons are supporting my Robert. 
My phone rings and I’m happy to see it’s from Robert. I walk out of the room and say, “Hey.” 
“Hey yourself, Sweets. Just wanted to hear your voice before the fight.” 
I can’t help but smile at the sound of his voice. “I’m glad you called, but shouldn’t you be donning your gloves by now?” 
“I am. Gus is holding the phone up to my ear for me.” 
“Robert, be careful out there. I worry about you.” 
“I know you do, but I’ll be fine.” 
“Don’t play out there, Robert, and call me as soon as you can. I want to know that you’re all right.” 
“All right, Sweets. I will and I love you.” 
“I love you, too.” 
“Robert, I mean it. Hit him and hit him hard. Get it over with quickly.” 
“I intend to. This one’s for you, Sweets.” 
I walk back into the room and watch as Robert makes his way to the ring. He is wearing the red and white silk hooded robe and boxing shorts that Jamie and I got him for his birthday right after she was born. The phone is still to my ear, and I can’t bring myself to disconnect the call. The announcers introduce the fighters and I am happy with how great Robert looks.  
 I watch as Robert’s opponent throws some punches and Robert bobs and weaves and avoids them. Robert’s first blow hits his opponent dead center of his face and the guy stumbles and falls. Is it possible Robert can knock him out with one punch?  
The room erupts with cheers as people begin the countdown with the referee. 
I look at Brooke and she has her mouth open as she watches the television. The fighter tries to stand but stumbles and falls. The announcer yells, “Robert ‘The Rock’ Grether wins by a knockout!” The crowd erupts with cheers. The fans hold up signs and scream as the referee holds up Robert’s arm, declaring him the winner. They interview Robert for a few minutes and congratulate him on his win. I watch as Robert leaves the ring, waving to his fans.  
I continue to watch the TV as the camera focuses on a man walking into the arena and suddenly getting a surprised look on his face. He had spent a few hundred dollars on his ticket, and the fight started and ended while he was in the men’s room. 
I also see Robert’s opponent stumbling as he tries to stand with his trainer’s assistance.  
Robert’s fans start chanting, “Beat Kennedy! Beat Kennedy!” 
The announcer says, “Malcolm ‘The King’ Smith was a legitimate contender to fight Kennedy, but now Bobby ‘The Rock’ Grether takes his place. The Rock’s three wins and two lightning-quick knockouts in a row against top opponents almost certainly means that Kennedy must fight him.” 
Robert
I am sitting in a small room after my fight, and I can still hear the fans screaming my name. I can feel my heart beating through my chest. My dad and Gus are removing my gloves; usually, they need to treat swelling, bleeding, and any injuries I may have suffered. But today, that isn’t necessary. They just remove my gloves and offer me water.  
“Bobby, that was the best fight I have ever seen,” Gus says as he removes the glove from my right hand.  
“Robert, that was incredible. This is one fight that will be talked about decades from now,” my dad says as he removes the wrap from my other hand. The excitement in and out of the arena is exciting. I am hoping that Kennedy will take notice and that pressure will be put on him to fight me. Mr. Bruce walks into the room with a smile to match mine. Mr. Bruce is the man who put on the fight and has just made a considerable amount of money. He holds his hand out to shake mine. “Bobby, congratulations, man. That fight was incredible.” 
I shake his hand and say, “Thank you.” 
Gus speaks up and says, “Bobby don’t play. He came here to kick ass and that is exactly what he did.” 
“I can see that. I also came by to tell you that this fight, with that knockout, has moved you into leading contender status. It was a great fight and you have earned it.” 
“Thank you. This is great news.” 
“Well, you have worked for it and it shows.” 
“How’s Malcolm?” I ask. 
“The doctor is with him. He walked out of the ring so that’s good news.” 
I nod in understanding. 
“I also came by to see if you needed a doctor to check on you or if you needed anything?” 
“No, I’m fine.” 
“I thought you would be,” he says, smiling. “One more thing,” he says as he walks towards the door. “I think your fans are pissed.” 
“How so?” I ask in confusion. 
“They came to see a fight and I think they feel like they got ripped off.” Everyone in the room laughs. “Bobby, if you need anything, let us know and I hope to have you in the ring again, very soon.” 
I shake his hand again and say, “Thank you. I hope so, too.” 
Mr. Bruce nods to my dad and Gus before leaving. 
Gus stands up and walks closer to the door. “I think you impressed him with your flash knockout, Bobby.” 
A flash knockout is when a boxer knocks out his opponent less than 60 seconds into a fight. 
“He shouldn’t be impressed until I become heavyweight champion. That should impress him. But, wow, I would like to have the record for most flash knockouts. The most flash knockouts recorded in a professional boxing career is nine by Mike Tyson. In one fight, he knocked out his opponent, Marvis Frazier, in 30 seconds. Unfortunately, the info on the fastest knockout seems varied — it does not agree.” I look at my dad and then at Gus and say, “If I knew what the record was, I would try to beat it. All I can do is to try to get the fastest win I can.” 
I walk over to the door and look out into the arena. The fans are dispersing and the ring is empty. I shower and change into a pair of jeans, a tee shirt, and a pair of boots. Normally, after a fight I would feel like I just got my ass kicked, but tonight, no one touched me and I feel like celebrating. When I walk out of the dressing room, Dad and Gus are both on their phones so I decide to call Leah. I speak with her, Mom, and both of Leah’s parents. Everyone congratulates me before hanging up. I would really like to be flying home tonight to be with Leah.  
Once I am back home, I continue my training. My next fight, whether with Kennedy or some other fighter, will be an important one. I know that Kennedy is considering whom to fight next. That fighter could be me. 
When I finish my daily run, I see that I have a missed call and voicemail waiting on me from Gus. Maybe Gus found Kennedy. I call him back. Anyone who knows me knows I don’t listen to voicemails.  
“What’s up, Gus?” 
“You know how Kennedy’s been M.I.A.?” 
“Sure do.”  
“Guess who found him?” 
“You found him?” 
“He’s fighting in Vegas in two months and guess who has four ringside seats?”  
“You’re the man. Remind me to give you a raise.” 
“I will,” he laughs. “He’s been in hiding for training, so Vegas will be your chance to study his moves. It’s just a matter of time before you get another chance with him. I want you to be ready.” 
“I will be.” 
“Good, I’ll be in touch.”  
I shower and head over to Leah’s shop. Dad and Tim are there when I arrive. I haven’t told Leah about Kennedy fighting and that Gus and our fathers will be in attendance. When I walk in the shop, I am pleasantly surprised everyone is sitting around the seating area, talking about the baby. They have coffee cups and empty muffin cups scattered around on the coffee table. 
“Looks like a party,” I say cheerfully. I walk over and kiss Leah before taking the seat beside her. My being in the room doesn’t mean the conversation stops. They are still talking about painting the baby’s room and how they want to decorate it. Leah smiles but doesn’t say anything. She knows Malcolm’s gloves never touched me. 
“We need to go if we want to make the dinner reservations. Do you guys want to come with us?” Tim asks as he stands.  
I look at Leah and she shakes her head no.  
“No, I think we are going to have a quiet evening at home,” I say.  
Leah and I stand and walk everyone to the door.  
“Bye, we’ll see you guys later.” Leah hugs each parent as they file out the door.  
Once they leave and we lock up, I say, “They’re in an exceptionally good mood tonight.” 
“I know. Our moms were in a good mood all day.” 
“I can see that. I’m surprised they were still here.” 
“I think they were waiting for you to see about dinner.” 
I look at Leah and ask, “Have you eaten yet?” 
“No. Well, yes. Jo stocked the refrigerator with all kinds of healthy foods. I’ve been eating something all day.” 
“Okay, let me get the tables and chairs brought in and then we can go home.” 
“I still have to do the deposit, so can you give me a few minutes?” 
“Take all the time you need.” 
Leah goes into the back room to do her deposit. Once the chairs and tables are brought in, I turn on the big-screen television and watch the sports channel. They are talking about the fight with Abel Kennedy in Las Vegas. A large picture of him is on the screen behind the reporters. They talk about how Kennedy has been MIA and that his trainer/manager is only saying, “He’s been training and is well prepared to beat any contender.” I’ve been searching YouTube videos for anything recent on Kennedy and there isn’t anything. I wonder why he hasn’t fought publicly for so long.  
Next, they talk about his opponent, Tyler “Striker” Greene. Tyler is on his sixth straight win, although he has never fought Kennedy. They talk about him being a “Powerhouse Boxer,” and they say that if Kennedy expects to keep his championship belt, he’ll have to work for it. 
I turn off the television and Leah is standing there with her arms crossed. “You’re going to that fight, aren’t you?” Damn, she’s pissed. Her pregnancy makes her more concerned about me. She wants me to be around to raise our child. 
“I am.” 
“Walter and Dad are going, too.” It’s not a question but a statement. I only nod. “When were you going to tell me?” 
“I was going to tell you over dinner.” 
“You heard what they said about Kennedy — he’s in great shape. And you still want to fight him.” 
“I do. I want to fight the best. Defeating the worst brings me no satisfaction.” 
“Let’s go. I’m ready.” I watch her storm towards the front door.  
“Leah, let’s talk about this,” I say as I stand up from the couch. 
She turns around and storms back towards me. “You want to talk about this?”  
I have to look down at her. “I do.” My height usually intimidates people, but not Leah.  
“Fine, I don’t want you to go and I don’t want you to fight anymore. I don’t like it and I don’t like worrying about you out there in the ring.” 
I didn’t expect her to be so blunt. I know she worries about me. I take her hand and we both sit on the couch together. “Leah, I’m sorry you worry.” 
“Did you hear them? He’s in great shape. He’s been in hiding for training. You lost the fight when he wasn’t in this great of shape.” 
“In case you didn’t know, we must be evenly matched. I work out five and six days a week for eight hours. I run 20 miles and I beat the shit out of a punching bag for hours. I do that so that the next time I’m in the ring with him, I’ll come out wearing that championship belt.” 
“Robert, I worry about you. I don’t want to see you hurt or worse.” 
I wipe the tears from her cheek. I hate seeing her cry. “Leah, one more fight with him and I swear, it’ll be my last fight. I’ll hang up my gloves, forever.” 
She wipes the tears from her eyes and whispers, “Ace, you’ll have to survive it first.” She stands up and walks out the door.  
Leah
Robert left to work out, and my mind keeps replaying what they said about Kennedy being in great shape. I was pretty upset when I learned that Dad and Walter are also going to Las Vegas with Gus and Robert. Robert isn’t going to stop until he beats Kennedy. I get online and search to see what is being said about the fight. I have to see what Kennedy’s been up to. I see a recent picture of him and he looks like he’s on steroids. My stomach does a flip. I continue to read and it says that Kennedy has been exclusively training with a new trainer and if anyone plans to fight him, they need to be prepared to bring it.  
Robert isn’t fighting him, but he and his entourage of Dad and Walter are going to check out Kennedy’s moves. Gus got them ringside seats. I guess if you want to watch him, that’s the best place for it. I like Gus, but at times like these, it’s very difficult. I search for the prices of the tickets and they are very expensive. All the good seats are, of course, already taken. My phone rings; it’s my mom.  
“Good morning,” I answer a little too happily. I don’t want her to know I’m up to something. If she thinks I’m planning a trip to Vegas with Robert, she won’t be happy.  
“Good morning to you. What are you doing this morning?” 
“Nothing,” I lie. “What’s up?” 
“Do you want to go to breakfast with Margie and me?” 
“I’m meeting Brooke to discuss her book signing. I can see if she wants to have breakfast first.” 
“Great, meet us at the Broken Egg at Lakewood Ranch in an hour.” 
“See you soon.” 
I hang up and call Brooke to see if she wants breakfast first. She does. I meet her at the shop and we drive over together. Mom and Margie are already there having coffee. Brooke and I sit down and we both order orange juice.  
“What are you guys doing today?” I ask. 
“We’re going antiquing after we leave here,” Mom says, then sips her coffee.  
Brooke says, “I love antiquing. I haven’t gone since we moved to Florida.”  
“You two should come with us.” Margie looks from me to Brooke and back to me again.  
I look at Brooke and I can see hope in her eyes. “We can always talk about the book signing later.” 
“Well, antiquing it is.” 
After breakfast, we all go to some antique shops. Margie says, “Once when Robert was three or four years old, I took him to an antique shop and he was fascinated with the skeleton keys. When I told him what they were called, he said, ‘“That’s stupid, skeletons don’t need keys.”’ 
In one antique store, we saw this sign: “Antiques. Grandma had it. Mom threw it out. I bought it back.” 
When I finally go home, Robert is still not home. Instead of starting dinner, I decide a nap is in order.  
I wake up to a dark room. The bathroom door is closed and the shower is on. The light peeking out from under the bathroom door is the only light in the room. Still surprised that it’s dark out, I am even more shocked to see that it’s after 9:00 p.m. I wonder how long Robert’s been home.  
I stay in bed and wait for him to finish. He walks out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist. He stops suddenly when he sees me awake.  
“How long have you been home?” I ask. 
“A couple hours.” He walks over to his dresser and slides on a pair of white boxer briefs, a black pair of sleep pants, and a crisp white t-shirt.  
“Why didn’t you wake me?” 
“I figured you needed your rest. Dinner’s almost done if you want to eat.” 
“I do, just give me a minute.” 
Robert and I eat mostly in silence. We still have some tension between us about Kennedy and the fight.  
“Robert, I was thinking about the fight with Kennedy,” I say, not looking at him but playing with my food.  
“If this is going to turn into an argument, I don’t want to talk about it.” 
“I wanna go to Vegas with you.” 
“Damn it, Leah,” he says with a raised voice.  
“I’m going with you, or I’ll go without you. But one thing is sure, I’ll be at that fight.” 
“Why? What’s you being there going to prove?” 
 “I don’t know,” I say honestly. 
“And yet, you’re determined to be there?” 
“Yes.” 
“You’ll be five months pregnant sitting at a boxing fight at ringside seats. This should be interesting.” 
We go to bed angry, but he still reads to me and I still cuddle into him. 
Today is Brooke’s book signing and Jo made some of her mini blackberry and cherry tarts along with some mini blueberry and banana nut muffins. Because she bakes so many sweets, we sometimes call her the Bad Tooth Fairy. Thankfully she also made some mini quiches and some mini sandwiches. She and Carl set up a stunning table for hors d’oeuvres, punch, coffee, and tea. Brooke, Emma, and Molly set up her table with a white linen cloth and displayed each book on a gold metal plate stand on the left side of the table. Molly, our friend, designed the banner and made Brooke’s book covers. Bethany and I stand back and take several photos of Brooke sitting at the table. The banner is behind her, and it has her name and the titles of all three of her books, as well as some purchasing links, nicely displayed on it. The banner stands about five feet tall and stands about three feet off the floor. It’s the perfect size to display behind her when she is sitting down. 
“I think I’m going to have a heart attack,” Brooke says, looking almost sick. 
“Don’t be silly; this is what you’ve been working for.” 
“Who knew people would love Dante?” 
“I did. Did you not read those books?” I look at her, she looks at me, and we both laugh. “You wrote them, so of course you read them.” 
“They are brilliant,” Bethany confirms. 
The bell over the door chimes and in walks Dove, carrying her overly large camera. Behind her is … a cameraman would be my guess. “Looks like it’s show time,” I whisper to Brooke.  
I walk over and greet Dove with a hug. She pats my baby bump and tells me how happy she is for us. Brooke walks over and shakes Dove’s hand.  
“Thank you so much for agreeing to do this,” I say. 
“Don’t be silly. Brooke’s famous in our town and I couldn’t be happier to interview her and do the follow up to the story with the book signing. I told you I was going to be following up on this story.”  
I stand back with Brooke’s husband, Brice, and Robert and watch the interview. Robert nudges me and I look in the direction he’s looking in. Cars are pulling into the parking lot, and a line is already forming outside the locked doors.  
I say, “Brice, I think your wife’s a rock star.”  
He looks outside and a proud smile forms on his lips. “It would appear so.” 
I look over at him and ask, “Have you read her books?” 
“I haven’t. But I can tell you everything that’s in there, including the characters’ names.” He says they’re very fortunate to be able to pay off some bills with Brookes’ royalties.  
I nod and look back outside at the quickly growing crowd. “How many books did she bring?” 
“Not enough,” he says, looking outside.  
After the interview, Dove stays a little longer and takes some shots of the fans and of Brooke signing books. Bethany and I refill the food and drinks as needed and Robert entertains Brice. Because they are the only two guys in the building, I’m not surprised they are hiding out in the kitchen. I also wouldn’t be surprised if Jo stocked the refrigerator with subs for them. The signing goes well and, some of the fans already own the books they want to be signed. Angel, Sara, and Brea come towards the end of the signing; I know it’s so they can stay and mingle.  
Robert comes up behind me and wraps his arms around me. I lean into him and sigh. “Looks like a huge success,” Robert whispers into my ear.  
“It is. Brooke is on her way to being a New York Times bestseller.” 
“Do you think so?” 
“I do. Look at her.” She is standing up and getting pictures taken with some fans. Emma is sitting at the table with her, acting as her personal assistant.  
“Are you tired?” he asks, concerned. 
“I am. I feel like I’m becoming anemic like I did when I was pregnant with Jamie.” 
“We can call the doctor on Monday about your fatigue.” 
I nod and we just watch the last few stragglers.  
“Did you see Molly?” I finally ask. 
“I did. She looks good and I think married life is agreeing with her.” 
“I think so, too.” 
“She said she hopes that she sees us at church on Sunday.” 
“It’s been a few weeks since we were there.” 
Dove snaps some pictures and tells us she thinks she has everything she needs and leaves. I watch as she interviews a few patrons sitting outside. I smile. Brooke really is on her way. Once everything is cleaned up and put away, Robert and I lock up and go home. I fall asleep in the car on the way.  
I wake up feeling refreshed. I make smoothies and vegetables with egg-white omelets for breakfast. Robert’s working out so I am assuming he didn’t sleep well. I think Robert still has nightmares about the accident, but he won’t tell me. Even when I ask, I think he isn’t completely honest with me. When I open the door, I hear the shower on. I text Bethany while I’m waiting for Robert.  
Leah: What are your plans today? 
Bethany: No plans. Kyle’s golfing, but he’ll be home by noon. 
Leah: Do you guys want to come over for a cookout and maybe a swim? 
Bethany: Are you up to it? You looked pretty tired yesterday. 
Leah: I feel fine. About 4:00? 
Bethany: Sounds great, we’ll see you then. 
Leah: Great, we’ll see you soon.  
Robert
Time passes quickly and we are getting ready to leave for Las Vegas for the Kennedy fight. Leah insisted on coming. When I say insisted, I mean demanded or even forced her way into this trip. I tried everything to get her to stay home and nothing worked. My last hope was the doctor saying it wasn’t safe for her to travel during her pregnancy, and even that failed. So… what was going to be a training/learning/observation two-day trip is now a four-day family vacation. Gus, his wife, Dove, our parents, and Bethany and Kyle are also coming as a late honeymoon. As you can see, I really put my foot down. 
“What time’s the fight tomorrow?” Leah asks as she puts more clothing into her suitcase.  
“It starts at 8:00 p.m.” I search for the nicest way to say this. “Leah, I really don’t want you going to the fight,” I say as nicely as I can. 
“And I really don’t want you boxing,” she says just as nicely. She stands there with her hands on her hips, daring me to say anything. I don’t. She stands there wearing a pink maternity shirt and a white pair of capris and yet she intimidates the hell out of me. My wife is a mighty one that I can’t say no to. Jamie used to say that I was the boss in the gym and Mommy was the boss at home. 
When the last article of clothing is in her suitcase, I know she is ready. It was the last thing she needed to do. When we get to the foyer, Gus and Dove are just pulling into the driveway.  
“Just in time,” Leah says as she opens the door and walks out onto the porch. 
We meet everyone at the airport and the girls are all happy and giddy. Kyle and Bethany are sitting together in their own little world. The guys are going to Vegas strictly for the fight, but the girls have made up an itinerary for all of us, including sightseeing, shows, and gambling. Leah holds my hand as she looks from her window seat to the incredible view from the airplane. We pass over the Grand Canyon and she nudges me to look. She has never been to Vegas before. I can see the excitement on her face. “Ace, do you think if we have time, we can go there?”  
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona; Las Vegas is in Nevada. The Grand Canyon is fairly close by, it’s in another state but only 4.5 hours away. People who visit Las Vegas often rent a car and drive to see the Grand Canyon. When flying, they often fly over it, just like we did.  
“Anything for you, Sweets,” I say and I mean it. There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for her.  
We check into our hotel and thankfully we all got on the same floor. This should make it easier to find the others. We agree to meet in the casino in an hour. Bethany and Kyle pass on tonight’s events. They could have stayed home for what they have planned. Lucky bastard. “Do you want to stay in tonight?” I ask Leah hopefully. 
“No, are you kidding? Did you hear all those bells and whistles coming from the casino and those lights flashing? I may get out here only once, and I plan to take advantage of it.” 
Leah checks out the room and I begin to unpack. Once everything is put away, I ask, “Are you ready? We have some time before you have to meet the others.” 
“Now?” she asks.  
“I’m ready whenever you are. There’s a lot to see and do here and I thought I would introduce you to some slot machines.” 
“In that case, I’m ready.” 
We play some slots, meet up with the others, and have dinner. We walk the strip and stop outside of the Bellagio hotel and watch the water show. The water fountains are in rhythm with the song “I’m Proud to be an American.” Leah cries and I hold her close. It is a very sentimental show. Even without her pregnancy hormones, I think Leah would have still cried. This is the same hotel sponsoring the fight, but I don’t tell her that.  
Leah and I hold hands as we walk the very busy strip. It’s getting dark and the whole city comes to life. “This place is so beautiful,” Leah says, excitedly.  
Las Vegas really is beautiful. Even Zen masters have wanted to go there — not to gamble but to see the beautiful lights at night. Before coming to Vegas, Leah and I did some research, and we found that that many funny stories have been told about Vegas, including these: 
• Famous entertainer Pearl Bailey had a brother named Bill Bailey, who was also an entertainer. He once had a job in Las Vegas, but the city was early in its history and so it was not nearly as famous then as it is now. While driving there, he came to a fork in the road. One sign pointed to Las Vegas, New Mexico; the other sign pointed to Las Vegas, Nevada. He ended up in the wrong Las Vegas. 
• Fred Smith started the company FedEx, but early in its history, it ran into financial difficulties. Mr. Smith needed money because FedEx had only $5,000 in cash and a $24,000 jet fuel bill was due. Mr. Smith took the $5,000 to Las Vegas, gambled, and won $27,000. FedEx prospered, and now Mr. Smith is a billionaire. 
• Las Vegas is known as Sin City, but many people get married there. Sometimes the people witnessing the wedding and even participating in it are simply people who happen to be nearby. It is possible at a wedding to have a wino as a witness and a prostitute as a flower girl. Nevertheless, the marriage ceremony may very well include these words: “Those whom God has joined together, let no man put asunder.” 
• Film director Robert Altman and a friend named Reza Badiyi, who was born in Iran, once went on a road trip. When they arrived in Las Vegas, they were penniless. They pretended that Mr. Badiyi was a famous Middle Eastern prince who spent lots of money gambling, and a hotel gave them free room and board — then the real Middle Eastern prince showed up at the hotel. Fortunately, the real Middle Eastern prince was amused by what the two had done, and he treated them to a Las Vegas vacation. 
We get back to the hotel and I watch as Leah plays the slots. She gets so excited when the lights on her machine light up. I watch and it makes me happy to see her happy. I still wish she wouldn’t go to the fight tomorrow, but I’m glad she’s here with me now. She cashes in her winning tickets and she squeals and her hands shake as they count the money and place it in her hands.  
She says, “I’m done. Do you want to play?” 
“You’re done playing?” 
“For tonight. I don’t want to give them back their money, just yet. Do you want to play?” 
“I don’t play the slots.” 
“Oh, what do you play?” 
“Blackjack.” 
“Well, let’s play some blackjack, then.” 
I take Leah’s hand and lead her to the blackjack tables. Gus and Dove are sitting at one of the tables. I nod when he looks up.  
“Come on, let’s sit down,” Leah says.  
“It’s not that easy,” I say, without looking at her. “You have to scan the tables and pick the right one.” She doesn’t say anything, but I can feel her watching me. “This one.” I lead her to a table on the right side of the room. I explain the rules of the game quickly before we reach the table. We both sit down at the only two seats left at the table. I place small bets at first and wait patiently for our cards. I stay and Leah wants another card. My focus is on the card sharks sitting at the table with us. We both lose and I place another small bet for Leah and for me.  
“I’m sorry,” she whispers.  
I wink at her and say, “It’s all right.” 
We get our cards and this time, Leah stays and I get another card, then another one. The guy on the right is tapping his right index finger. A clear sign he’s nervous. He doesn’t have a high hand. And the guy on the left is smiling. He’s bluffing. The other two players sit expressionlessly and I haven’t had time to figure them out. Leah wins with a 20 in her hand. She screams and I laugh at her. Beginner’s luck. 
“I’m ready,” she whispers. I pick up the unused chips and we leave.  
We pass Bethany and Kyle near the entrance to the casino. “Leaving so soon?” Kyle asks. 
“We’ve been here awhile. Every time Leah wins, she’s ready to go,” I say. 
“I’m keeping my money,” she says seriously.  
“Will we see you guys for breakfast?” I ask. This hotel has an excellent buffet. 
“Sound like a plan. See you guys in the morning.” Bethany leans up and gives Leah a hug before taking Kyle’s hand and walking off towards the casino.  
The next night, we are standing outside of the Bellagio Hotel, where the fight is scheduled. Gus explains that when he went to buy additional tickets no ringside tickets were left. He apologizes to everyone and he seems sincere. I look over at Leah, but she isn’t buying it. She stands there wearing a pair of jeans and a white t-shirt that says “Grether Rocks” in bold black letters written across the back. I laugh as I try to look serious.  
“Grether, is this funny to you?” she demands. 
“No, not at all.” 
“You guys get ringside seats and we girls get to sit where?” 
“Really, Gus?” Dove says, looking very upset with her hands on her hips. She is about the same height as Leah with long blond curly hair. “If you think we’re going to be seated in the back of the damn room, you have another thing  coming.” 
My dad, Tim, and Kyle just stand there. They don’t want to get involved in it. Smart men. 
“Dove, I had to call everyone I know to get these seats. The ones they offered me didn’t have you girls sitting together at all. It wasn’t until I threw in Bobby’s name that they gave me these seats. Dove, they’re not in the back of the room. Look at the seating chart — these are actually excellent seats,” he says, showing them the seating chart. Dude, you shouldn’t have said that.  
“Well, if they’re that good, you guys sit there,” Leah says, snatching the seating chart out of Gus’ hands. He looks at me for help. Even Gus fears her. I look at her dad for help and damn — he’s looking anywhere but at me. Thanks, Tim.  
“Leah,” I say softly. She has her arms crossed tapping her foot on the black marble floor. “We aren’t here for fun. The only reason we are here is because we want to learn Kennedy’s moves and try to figure out why he’s been in hiding. “Do you think the further away we sit, we’ll have a better view?” 
“No.” 
“We need to be up close to be able to study him. You understand this, don’t you?” 
“Yes.” She pushes her bottom lip out and she looks so sexy. I just want to lean down and suck it.  
I say, “If you insist, we’ll swap seats with you girls. If ringside is what you want, we’ll exchange places.”  
She doesn’t say anything and she doesn’t have to. I can tell she understands this is serious to me. We file into the room and we walk the girls to their seats. I look around the room, and the girls really do have pretty good seats. Dove and Gus talk quietly in the aisle as the girls take their seats.  
I say, “Not bad seats, huh, Leah?” 
“They aren’t bad, but they could be better.” She smiles, and I know she is getting over her attitude.  
“Sit on the end,” I tell her. 
“Why?” 
“In case you need to pee, you won’t be excusing yourself through all these people.” In case you need to get out in a hurry to pee, you’ll be on the end and you probably will not pee yourself. I think this; I don’t say it out loud; I keep it to myself. Mama Grether didn’t raise her little boy Robert up to be no fool. 
“Oh, yeah, good idea. Where will you be sitting?” 
I look down at the ring and point to the area our seats are. “Right there. If you need me, text me, I’ll have my phone on me.” 
“Okay, Ace, I love you.” 
“Sweets, I love you, too.” 
Chapter Six: Las Vegas Fight Night and a Loaded Gun
Leah
I watch as Robert makes his way towards the front of the ring. A few people recognize him and start pointing at him. Someone yells, “Grether rocks,” and I have a proud moment. I hate Robert fighting, but it feels good when people recognize him for his hard work. My man is a rock star. Robert acknowledges him with a slight wave, trying not to draw attention to himself. The flashing spotlights shine on Robert and a second later, Robert is on the big-screen monitor. The crowd erupts with yells and screams. Robert shyly waves to the camera. I am no longer looking at Robert but watching him on the screen. Gus waves to the camera to get them to stop.  
“They’ll be talking about Bobby on the pre-fight announcements,” Dove whispers. “It’s just a matter of time before Kennedy gets word that Bobby Grether is here to watch the fight.” 
“How do you know that?” 
“I’m a badass reporter, that’s how,” she says, laughing. “I bet that whoever is sponsoring this fight will be out to try to talk to Bobby and Gus.” 
While we talk, we keep our eyes on the monitor that is now showing the people in the audience. 
“Why? I’m sure he isn’t the only boxer here to see this fight tonight.” 
“It’s because they’re rivals. This is a big deal. They know Bobby isn’t here because he’s a fan.”  
I watch as someone walks over to Robert and embraces him in a hug. The camera catches it and soon Robert and the man are on the big screen. “Who’s that?” I ask Dove. 
“Really, Leah?”  
I look at her in surprise.  
Bethany leans in and says, “That’s my future husband. Sugar Ray Tiger, pro-boxer and the hottest man who ever boxed — I mean he is the second hottest man who ever boxed.” 
I look at him again and I have to wonder how they knew that. “I knew that,” I lie. 
“Yeah, sure you did,” Bethany leans back in her seat and Dove says. “I didn’t know they were friends.” 
Obviously, I didn’t know either. I watch as Robert and Sugar Ray Tiger waves to the crowd of spectators. The crowd waves back and screams obscenities at the two boxers. I smile and sit back in my seat. I thought boxing was a man sport, but obviously, I was mistaken. A lot of women are here tonight. 
Dove scopes out the room, looking for I had no idea who. On the monitor flashes movie stars Bruce Willis and Tom Hanks. I look around trying to see where they are seated. 
Dove whispers to me, “Tom Hanks has a well-deserved reputation as one of the nicest people in Hollywood. He has made hit movie after hit money — oops, movie — but of course once in a while he makes a dud movie. He produced, directed, and starred in the critically panned and unpopular movie Larry Crowne. Later, he met a couple who told him that the movie ‘wasn’t that good,’ so he offered them a refund. The couple accepted the $25.” 
“If we can find him, maybe we can get his autograph.” 
“We better not. I’m sure that giving the first 30,000 autographs is exciting, but after that it gets kind of boring.” 
The monitor also flashes Michael Jordan and then Demi Moore. Awkward. Demi and Bruce aren’t together, although I wish they were. The screen also flashes back to Robert again.  
“I have to pee.” 
“I’ll come with you, Leah,” my mom says. 
By the time we get back to the fight, they have already started to bring out the opponents.  
“Kennedy looks like he’s on steroids,” I whisper to Dove.  
“He’s definitely gotten a lot bigger this year.” 
We sit there and watch the fight. It’s more brutal and takes longer than the fights Robert has been in. Kennedy looks pretty good, but his opponent, Tyler “Striker” Greene, looks like a bloody mess. When I can’t take it anymore, I say, “I have to pee again.” I’m grateful when no one acknowledges me. I stand up and Robert is looking behind him. I wave to him to let him know I’m all right. Once he is satisfied, he turns back around. 
When I get back, Dove is holding up a cosmetic mirror and dabbing her face with a powder puff. I watch the fight and I watch her from the corner of my eye. When I realize what she is doing, I can’t believe it. I look around and make sure no one else is watching her.  
“What are you doing?” 
Without looking at me, she says, “What does it look like?” 
“It looks like you’re applying powder to your face.” 
She whispers, “Good, that’s what it’s supposed to look like.”  
“We can go to jail for this. You aren’t allowed to video record this fight.” 
“I know, so hush. I’m a reporter, how do you think I get my stories?” 
“Oh, you’re good.” 
“I know.” 
I look around and no one seems to notice, so I continue to watch the fight. Greene’s eyes are both swollen, he’s bleeding, and he looks exhausted. It’s the end of round 9 and Kennedy looks tired, but he is in far better shape than Greene. I am thankful that we are seated at a distance. There is no way I would be able to stand being that close to the ring and watching two boxers pummel each other. During the one-minute break time, the boxers rest and get taken care of medically. The camera catches Robert and Gus on the monitor. They are both in deep conversation and they don’t even notice.  
“Look at Kennedy’s face,” Dove whispers.  
I look away from the monitor and look at Kennedy. He looks away from the screen and into the crowd; he’s scanning the crowd for Robert. My stomach does a flip at the expression on his face. Kennedy finds Robert and stares blankly at him. Robert and Gus don’t notice, but my dad does. Dad nudges Robert and he looks up and locks eyes on Kennedy. Robert and Gus are still on the monitor from one camera, and Kennedy is on the other monitor from another camera. The crowd erupts with cheering, boos, and a mixture of both. I think I’m going to get sick. Kennedy points his glove at Robert and mouths, “Bobby, you’re next.”  
Robert mouths back, “Bring it on, Bitch,” with both hands up in the air.  
“Oh, shit, it’s on now,” Dove says. The bell dings and Kennedy and Greene are at it again. They got the bleeding to stop on Greene’s face, but he doesn’t look good. Kennedy looks like he just got his second wind.  
“Kennedy looks revived,” I say. 
“It’s the adrenaline from seeing Bobby in the crowd,” Dove says as she gets out her mirror and starts video recording again. “This will be it.”  
I hear Dove, but I can’t look at her. I watch as the boxers get in the middle of the ring and Kennedy throws one hard solid punch and Greene stumbles and falls against the ropes before landing on the mat. He does not move — nothing comes from Greene. Another referee begins to count and Kennedy is focused only on Robert and vice versa. If anyone is talking, I can’t hear them. The adrenaline is interfering with my hearing. I swear I can hear my heart beating in my ears. My eyes are focused on Greene, Robert, and Kennedy. I don’t know how, but I swear I’m watching all three without taking my eyes off of any of them. The bell rings and they hold up Kennedy’s arm declaring him the winner. Still no movement from Greene. Greene’s coaches and trainer rush over to him. Kennedy and Robert are still staring at one other. A doctor or a paramedic comes onto the mat and checks Greene out before applying a neck brace. They carefully place him on a backboard before removing him from the ring. A thick pool of blood is on the white boxing mat where Greene was lying. The referee announces Kennedy as the continuing champion and hands him the championship belt. Before Kennedy walks off the mat he looks at Robert, points his glove at him, and says, “I’m coming for you,” before he jumps down and is escorted out of the room.  
“I’m going to be sick,” I get up and run to the restroom. 
Bethany, Dove, Mom, and Margie all come into the bathroom behind me.  
“I’ll be all right, just give me a minute,” I yell from inside the stall.  
After I dry heave for several minutes, Dove yells, “Robert wants to see you.”  
I dry heave some more and say, “Just give me a minute.” 
I hear screaming and I know Robert is in here.  
“Leah, open the door.”  
I dry heave some more. “Give me a minute.” 
I hear water running and he says, “Open up.” 
I do. He hands me some wet paper towels and I dab my forehead.  
“Sorry, ya’ll, but I have to pee,” someone with a southern accent yells from the doorway. I hear heels tapping across the restroom floor, and someone says, “Bobby Grether is in the ladies’ room. If I didn’t have to pee, I’d be really excited about this.”  
“Better?” he asks me. “Because I’m not leaving here until you are.” 
I flush the toilet and Robert escorts me by my elbow to the sink. I wash my hands and splash some cool water on my face before leaving. When we get to the front lobby of the hotel, a man in a suit and tie and another man who was with Kennedy in the ring are talking to Gus, Walter, and Tim. They appear to be in deep conversation.  
“Leah, stay here.” 
“Robert?” 
“Stay here. I need to see what they want.” 
I stay with the girls because I don’t want to cause a scene in public. I know when and how far I can push Robert and right now isn’t the place or the time. I hear a siren leaving the hotel, and I look out the window to try to see it. Everyone’s talking, but my attention is on the guys, Robert mostly. He talks and looks at me on occasion. After several minutes, they all shake hands and leave. 
A limo pulls up and Robert says, “Our ride is here.”  
I watch as Dove and Bethany practically run for the car.  
I ask, “How did you get this?” 
“Compliments of the hotel,” Robert answers. 
“At what price?” I don’t take his arm and I walk through the large double doors alone.  
“We’ll talk when we get to our room,” he says when he gets behind me.  
“I’m ready to go now.” 
“Not yet. We have a show to see first.” 
We have champagne and strawberries as the limo drives us around. Of course, I’m not drinking and I’m not celebrating either. I know a hotel just doesn’t give you a limo and show tickets for nothing. Either Robert has lost a lot of money and intends to lose a lot more, or this has something to do with boxing. 
We get out of the limo and the driver hands Robert an envelope. We bypass the line and are granted V.I.P. access into the building quickly. I hold onto Robert’s arm as we are led down a dark hall and through a set of double doors into a large elegant room. Red carpet, white linen tablecloths, and beautiful chandeliers fill the oversized room. We are led to a large round table for 10 front and center of the room, directly in front of the stage. “What is this?” 
“We have front row seats to the Broadway musical Showstoppers.” 
“Robert, this is a big deal,” Bethany says, excitedly. 
“That’s what I hear.” 
Before we order, the cocktail waitress comes over with two bottles of champagne and a bottle of sparkling water. I try to enjoy the evening, but I know they just didn’t give Robert these tickets. We have dinner and watch the musical from the best seats in the house. Robert keeps a secure arm around me and it feels good to cuddle into him. The show’s good and even the guys seem to be enjoying it. 
We get dropped off outside of our hotel and everyone is laughing and having a great time. Robert seems relaxed and happy. I still have a feeling that something isn’t right. We all go our separate ways, and Robert and I head to our room.  
The door shuts and locks and I ask, “What did you do to get those tickets?” 
“I didn’t do anything,” he says, turning on the light in the room. 
“Who were those men you were talking to in the lobby after the fight?” 
“One was the C.E.O. of the hotel and the other was Kennedy’s manager.” 
My stomach flips again, “You agreed to a fight?” I ask, backing away so I can sit on the edge of the bed.  
“You already know I want to fight him. And Kennedy wants to fight me. In the boxing ring, he said, ‘Bobby, you’re next.’ He is a man of his word.” 
“When?” 
“Next year, May 1st. Of course, the lawyers have to finalize the terms of the contract, but this fight will happen.” 
“Why so long? Why are they waiting so long for you guys to fight?” I rest my hand on my belly.  
Robert slowly walks over to sit beside me on the bed. “I think it’s probably for the hype. It’ll be a big fight and the hotel along with the sponsors stand to make a lot of money. So do Kennedy and I.” 
“You said after you fight him, you’re done.” 
“I did say that, yes.”  
“Is that true? After you fight Kennedy once more, you’ll hang up your gloves? No more fighting?” 
“It’s true, I’ll stop. He’ll be my last fight.” 
“Win or lose?” 
“Win or lose.” 
Robert
I wake up and use the gym at the hotel. They don’t have punching bags, so I use the treadmill. The local news channel is on. When I see Kennedy’s and Greene’s faces on the screen, I shut down the treadmill. I remove the earbuds from my ear and walk towards the television. Headlines reads, “Greene Dead after Fight with Pro Boxer Kennedy. The Fight is Being Investigated.” I listen to the details, and Greene’s family is asking for an autopsy. Possible head trauma. I quickly leave the gym and I try to make it to the hotel room before Leah sees it. My plan is to keep her busy until we leave for home. I don’t want her to see this. 
Leah, Dove, and Bethany are sitting on the bed watching the news. I’m too late. Leah is crying as she listens to the gory details of the fight. “They bribed you to fight with a limo ride and tickets to a musical.” She looks away from the television to me. Her eyes are red and swollen and her nose is red. 
“Thanks for staying with her,” I say, dismissing Bethany and Dove. When the door shuts, I finally answer her. “No, the limo and the tickets were just a gift. I wanted to fight Kennedy, and I was offered a chance to do that last night. Both Kennedy and me will make a considerable amount of money.” 
“Did you see this? Did you see the news? Greene is dead, Robert!” I walk towards Leah and she stops me. “What was that he said to you? ‘I’m coming for you’?” Leah cries into a tissue as she sobs, “You’re next, Robert. Did you know Greene was dead last night? Did those goons tell you he was dead before we left the hotel?” 
“I didn’t know, Leah. I swear.” 
I sit down with Leah and hold her. Thankfully, she lets me. I hold her tightly and kiss the top of her head. I gently rock her back and forth. When her crying slows, I hold her by the arm and back slightly away from her. “Leah, look at me.” 
She does and her lip quivers. Tears are cascading down her cheeks. “Baby, we have almost a whole year. I’m in great shape and in a year, I’ll be in even better shape. I need you to believe in me. I need you to trust that I can beat him.” I search her eyes. “I can’t do it if you don’t support me. Can you please be there for me?” 
She thinks about it before she nods her answer, I hold her close and whisper, “Thank you.”  
Kennedy
I’m exhausted but once I see Grether sitting ringside, I soon get my second wind. I warn Grether that he’s next, just before I knock Greene out. I watch as the medics, and Greene’s manager and coach attend to him in the ring. I know that when I hit him I didn’t hold back. I never do, and my opponents never do. The referee separates us and they finally announce me as the winner, hand me the championship belt, and my manager, Tony; my coach, Mack; and I are escorted out of the ring. The crowd is going crazy. 
I can hear the crowd and the excitement on the other side of the door. The crowd is excited and the adrenaline is prevalent all around. Tony and Mack, my coach and trainer, are smiling and happy. They just won a ton of money. My gloves are still on my hands, but I try to flex my right hand. When I hit Greene, I hit him with everything I had in me. Grether! My heart is still pounding at the thought of him and his entourage sitting ringside. What do I pay Tony and Mack for? They should have given me forewarning that he would be here tonight.  
“Great fight, Kennedy,” Mack says, smacking me on my back. “If I didn’t know better, I would say you were holding back out there.” 
Tony adds, “Seeing Grether was just the push you needed to get the win.” 
Now I’m pissed. I should just fire the bastard now. Don’t ever insinuate I can’t win. “I would have won even if I didn’t see Grether. Don’t fucking forget it!” 
Tony says, “Calm down, Kennedy.” 
The C.E.O. of the hotel and Greene’s manager comes in. They speak with Tony and Mack before they remove my boxing gloves. I watch as the gloves are handed over to Greene’s manager, who inspects them. I imagine Greene is hurt badly. I have never had my gloves inspected after a fight before.  
After a hot shower, I get a private massage in my room, compliments of the hotel and room service with enough food to feed a starving family of ten. This is the usual treatment after a fight, and something I look forward to.  
Later that night Tony and Mack come back into my room and inform me that Greene has succumbed to his injuries.  
Robert
When Leah stops crying, and after several missed calls and text messages, she slowly stands up.  
I ask, “Do you want to go home, now?” 
“No. I just need a minute. I’m getting my shower.”  
I watch as she walks into the restroom. Leah was always so strong, but now I look at her and she is so fragile. I’m afraid of saying or doing a wrong thing that will send her into a deep depression. Just one more fight and I swear I’ll be done boxing forever. She won’t understand why I want to fight Kennedy so I won’t tell her. I return the missed calls and the text messages while Leah showers. I also get a call to have dinner with the C.E.O. and G.M. of the Bellagio Hotel. I know the hotel stands to make a ton of money from the fight with me and Kennedy. Hell, we all stand to win a large sum of money from this fight. But money is the least reason for this fight. 
Gus calls me and tells me there is a press conference set up this evening at 7:00 p.m. at the Bellagio. “Why so soon?” 
“They want to get the hype started early. It’s a big fight, against the two top fighters. ” 
“No way around not going?” 
“If you don’t go, you don’t fight.” 
“I’ll be there. Leah won’t be happy.” 
“Remind her that it’ll be your last fight. That should make her happy. They’ll send a limo for everyone at 6:00.” 
The girls went shopping for new dresses while the guys discussed what will be said at the press conference. I shower and dress in a suit and tie. We all wait for the limo in the lobby and it arrives precisely at 6:00. 
Leah
Robert holds my hand the entire way to the Bellagio. The promoting starts now for the fight for next year. May 1st will be here quickly. I am surprised they want to hold a press conference so soon.  
I did overhear the guys saying that the hotel stands to gain a ton of money from this fight. I know the fighters do as well. I guess that explains the rush to promote. We walk into the vast hotel, and once again I am in aww. The cathedral ceilings, chandeliers, and the black marble floor are very impressive. We are escorted into a room, not the same place the fight was in, but one much smaller. 
Cameras, microphones and portable/ temporary lighting are everywhere. Several tables are set up, including a small table with food and drinks. 
A man walks over and says, “Mr. Pelayo would like to speak to you and your team.” 
Robert says, “Thank you, I’ll be right with you.”  
“Please help yourselves to drinks and food; we’re still waiting on Kennedy,” a deep male voice says. “There’s a table set up over here for your family if you would like to sit down.” 
Robert kisses me and says, “I’ll be right over there. If it gets to be too much for you, let me know.” 
“I’m fine,” I lie with a smile. I must be getting good at this lying stuff. I watch as Gus, Robert, his dad, and my dad walk over to a table of men. I recognize one as the CEO of the hotel, but I don’t know the others.  
“Come on, Leah, let’s get you something to eat.” I look up and Bethany and Dove are standing there. 
Once we get some shrimp cocktail and cheese and crackers, we take our seat. I am surprised that they have arranged a table large enough to accommodate everyone with Robert. These people really did their homework.  
The door opens and in walks a very tall and broad man. He is also with an entourage of people. I know right away who it is. I look to see if Kennedy has a wife or a family with him, and he doesn’t. He is very handsome and well built. I can’t tell if he’s Hispanic or African American. He smiles before following his team to the table Robert is at. Robert sees him and stands, immediately. I watch to see what happens between him and Robert.  
Robert and Kennedy shake hands before Kennedy sits to join the meeting already in progress. I’m surprised that I think Kennedy is handsome. He’s not the monster I keep envisioning.  
“I would kill to have my recorder,” Dove whispers. I shiver just thinking about Greene’s death. “Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean to say that.” 
I nod. I wish she had not said it, too. I’m straining to try to hear the conversation that is too far away from hearing distance. Robert and Kennedy are cordial. Kennedy is blinking fast, almost too fast, and I wonder if that’s a nervous habit for him.  
Soon the guys stand from the table and Robert downs a bottle of water, before walking over to us. I stand and he says, “This shouldn’t take long, but Leah, if you don’t want to stay…” 
“Robert, I’m staying.”  
Robert looks over at Mom and I know there are unspoken words between them. I kiss him and take my seat. 
I watch as he walks up to the head table and takes the seat almost dead center. Gus is to his left and his dad in on Gus’ left. The CEO of the hotel is sitting in between Robert and Kennedy, separating them. Kennedy’s manager and coach are on his right.  
The room suddenly becomes quiet. The lights from the cameras come on as does the spotlight. Other than family and news personnel, the only other people in the room are, I assume, upper hotel management and security.  
The man separating Kennedy and Robert speaks first. He gives very specific instructions on what to ask and what will be answered. “Anyone who strays from this will be escorted out.” He looks at the large double doors and my eyes follow his. In the doorway, with their arms crossed, are four of the biggest men I have ever seen. I have to wonder if they are there in case something happens between Robert and Kennedy.  
Dove gets out her cell phone and records the press conference. With the microphones, it will be loud enough that she will be able to record every word. I sit very still in my seat as they ask a series of questions about the soon-to-be fight. The fight is months away, I’m not sure why they consider it soon to be.  
Robert answers loudly, clearly, and precisely and it makes me proud of him. Kennedy sits still with his fingers interlaced on top of the table. Robert and Kennedy are both dressed in suits and ties. Both men look at the reporter asking the questions and answer the reporter professionally.  
When I can’t take it any longer, and the baby won’t move away from my bladder, I stand to go pee. “I’ll be right back,” I say, walking away.  
Robert sees me and I can see the concern in his eyes. I smile and pat my belly; he relaxes. I walk quietly through the room and explain to the bodyguards or bouncers that it can’t wait. They let me through when I hear my mom rushing in behind me.  
Together we walk to the restroom. I know Robert sent her. It’s that non-verbal communication they have. “It looks like everything’s going well,” Mom says. 
I wonder if she means because Kennedy and Robert haven’t started fighting during the press conference.  
“Yes, very well,” I agree.  
We talk a few minutes in the Ladies room before heading back. When we turn the corner, we see Kennedy walking down the hall. It must already be over. I watch as he gets further away from me before I notice his limp. Mom starts to say something before I hush her. I turn on the camera on my phone to video and start recording him. I didn’t notice the limp when he walked into the room. 
“What are you doing?” 
When Kennedy is out of sight, I turn off my recorder and smile. “Nothing. I just think he’s extremely good looking,” I lie, again. 
Robert
During the next two days, Leah tries to put on a happy face. No one speaks about the fight and we focus only on the itinerary the girls made up. We visit Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon. The Grand Canyon is over a four-hour drive, but we may get only one chance to see it. The next day we gamble and when Leah wins, she’s done playing. The girls want to see the musical Annie, so we do. Leah loved that show as a child, and she loves it as an adult.  
When we get back to the room, Leah shows me the video she took of Kennedy. She points out his limp and I play it and replay it. “I didn’t notice him limping during the press conference,” I say.  
“I didn’t either. He didn’t know we were behind him when he left. I think he hides it from people.” 
“Good job, Leah. Thank you.” 
“Anytime, Ace.” 
Leah sleeps most of the flight home and everyone else is quiet. I know what the guys are thinking. This year will go by quickly and tomorrow it’s time to hustle. Gus is writing in his notebook and I’m sure it’s menu changes and different forms of exercise. He’s planning on riding me hard, but I have news for him: he won’t need to. I know what needs to be done and I’ll do it. We’ll need more ring time at Upper Cut and someone different to fight with each day. To fight the same person over is repetitive and a sure way to guarantee a loss. You soon learn that person’s moves and tactics. Everyone fights differently, so it’s best to fight different people. It keeps you more alert and ready.  
Leah soaks in a hot bubble bath, and I shower in the separate shower in the master bath. Thank God for the endless hot water tank. It’s the best thing I ever bought. Leah and I go to bed and we read from Jamie’s bedtime story book. When Leah is still awake at the end of the story, I know something is on her mind.  
“What are you thinking about?” 
“Lots of things,” she says, cuddled into me. 
“May I ask like what?” 
“Like the fight, our baby, and Jamie.” 
“That’s a lot of things. Is there anything I can do to ease your thoughts?” 
“No, I’ll be fine. Some things I have to work out on my own.”  
“I can appreciate that. Have you decided if you want to know the baby’s gender this week?” 
Leah lightly rubs her belly and smiles. “I think you’re right about us not knowing. The gender isn’t important, as long as our baby is healthy.” 
“So we’ll be surprised then?” I ask hopefully. 
“Yes, Robert, I think a surprise will be nice.” 
The next morning I’m awake before Leah; actually, I’m always awake before Leah. I decide to have a cup of caffeinated coffee and read the morning paper before doing anything this morning. I bypass the front page and go straight to the sports section. I read an article about the fight with Kennedy where Greene lost his life. An anonymous person set up an account on Go Fund Me in Greene’s name to help with medical expenses for his severely handicapped son. I fold the paper, set it aside, and finish my coffee. When my coffee’s gone and I have had time to think, I open up my laptop, go to the website, and make a monetary contribution to the cause. I don’t use my name; instead, I write, “In loving memory of my beloved, Jamie.” 
Leah
This week Robert and I went to my doctor’s appointment. Things are going as they should and my belly measures at 29 weeks. I am over the halfway mark. They told us they know the gender of the baby, but Robert and I decided we didn’t need to know, although I was having second thoughts at the last minute. Robert is right: As long as he or she is healthy, that’s all that matters. We’ll just buy yellow and green sleepers and receiving blankets until I deliver.  
It’s Sunday and Robert is with the guys golfing. My mom, Margie, and I are cleaning Jamie’s room. I have neglected it long enough. We go through her dresser drawers and look at her clothes before I refold them and put them back. I should pack them away, but I don’t have the heart to. We dust, sweep, clean the carpets, and wash the walls, windows, and her bedding. I also toss her stuffed animal collection into the dryer. It’ll help reduce the dust from them. I don’t say it, but I wonder if I’ll ever get to the point where I can pack away Jamie’s things. After a few hours and when her room is finally clean, we go through Jamie’s baby pictures and mementos.  
“This was her first Easter dress,” my mom says as she holds the small purple dress. 
“She was just a baby then,” I say sadly.  
Margie picks up another dress and touches it softly. “We bought this one for her birthday.” 
I don’t say anything. I just nod. When I remove everything from under Jamie’s bed, I see a drawing she made for Robert. It says, “Daddy, I love you.” I set it on the bed to give to Robert when he gets home. I remember the day Jamie made this. It was the day of the accident. I wrote the words and Jamie traced them with her crayon. She was so excited.  
We look at her hospital records of her birth, her newborn baby photos, and other photo albums from the three short years she was with us.  
Mom and Margie stay until Robert comes home. They don’t say it, but I know they worry that I’ll sink into my black hole called depression.  
Robert comes home and showers while I finish dinner. We have dinner and eat outside on the deck that overlooks the pool. The sun is setting on a warm summer evening.  
“While golfing today I saw the doctors: Alec and Mason,” he says. 
“Did you get a chance to talk to them?” 
“Just briefly. They were leaving when we got there.” 
I look over at Robert and say, “I should call Emma. I haven’t spoken to her since the book signing.” 
“She would like that. Alec said she isn’t working outside the house anymore. I’m sure she could use some adult conversation.” He drinks the rest of his water and add, “She’s a full-time mother of three; I’m sure she has her hands full.” 
“I’m sure she does. I should invite her to bring the kids to story time at the bookstore this week.”  
“I think that’s a good idea.” 
Robert and I finish dinner and we both clean up together. I pick up the picture I found under Jamie’s bed.  
“While cleaning Jamie’s room today, I found this tucked under her bed.” 
He raises his hands and takes it from me. He smiles, but it isn’t a happy smile that reaches his eyes. It’s a sad smile. He traces the words with his index finger and says, “God, I loved her with all of my heart.” 
My eyes get moist from tears and I will them away. “She loved you just as much.” 
“As much as it hurts to not have her, I am so grateful that we had her for the three years she was here.” 
“Me, too,” I admit. “Even if every day is a fight to get through without her.” 
“It’s a life worth fighting, just to have had her for a short time.”  
I watch as Robert uses a refrigerator magnet to display his newest artwork from Jamie. He’s right. It’s better to have had her for a short time than to never have had her at all. 
The next morning Robert takes me to work like he always does. Jo is filling the glass display case with her freshly baked pastries. Of course, Robert rushes over to her. I know he wants to help her.  
Bethany comes from the back room and I have to smile.  
“Good morning,” I say to her and to Jo. 
“Good morning,” they say in unison. 
“Am I late?” I joke, looking at Bethany.  
“No, I need to see Bobby before he leaves this morning. I didn’t want to take the chance of missing him.”  
“Is everything all right?” Robert asks.  
“Oh, no, everything’s fine. I think I have something that may be helpful to you.” 
I look to Robert and he looks at me. “Sounds important,” he says.  
“It may be, but it’s probably nothing. Do you have a minute?” Bethany asks.  
Robert looks at me and I nod in the direction of my office. He looks at Bethany and says, “Sure, let’s talk in private.”  
Jo and I finish putting out the cinnamon buns and pastries while Bethany and Robert talk. Jo usually leaves shortly after I get here in the morning, but today, she is hanging around and helping me. We get the coffee station set up and I run the sweeper throughout the shop while Jo fluffs the pillows on the overstuffed couches. I have to work around the bistro tables that are still inside.  
Bethany and Robert come out of the back office; Robert is on his cell phone walking behind Bethany. I can hear him say, “Gus, meet me at my house as soon as you can.” I look at Bethany and she looks at me and smiles.  
Robert says into his phone, “Good, I’ll be there in 20.” Then he disconnects his phone.  
“Is everything all right?” I ask concerned.  
Robert smiles, “It’s good, I have to meet Gus at the house. Bethany may have found out something about Kennedy that will be useful. Let me set up the tables on the sidewalk and I’ll talk to you about it tonight.” 
“All right, sounds good.”  
Robert finishes up, kisses me goodbye, thanks Bethany, and walks Jo out to her car before he drives off in my car. Usually, he drives me to work and then leaves on foot once the shop is ready to open. It’s odd watching him drive off in my car for a change. I’m anxious to talk to Bethany, but the shop stays consistently busy most of the day. In our down time, we clean and restock the coffee and pastries and clean up and straighten the seating area. A delivery of books and supplies comes in, but we leave that for later.  
Robert comes in and is in an excellent mood. Bethany and Robert put away the supplies while I do the books and get the deposit ready. When I get done, I find Robert and Bethany sitting on the couch. I walk over to them and sit down beside Robert.  
“So, are you going to tell me what’s going on?” 
Bethany speaks up first and says, “When we were at the fight, I recorded part of it.” 
“Bethany, you do know that isn’t allowed?” I say. 
“I know, I know. I was so excited about being there and I knew I may never get another chance to see another fight.” 
I laugh and say, “Between you and Dove, I’m surprised we didn’t get thrown in jail.” 
“Me, too. Anyway, when I was watching the video I noticed something — well, I thought I saw something. I wasn’t sure, so this morning I let Bobby watch it and it turned out he hadn’t noticed it either.” 
Confused, I asked, “It? What are you talking about?” 
Robert says, “Gus and I have been watching the tapes that Dove recorded and we didn’t notice anything unusual. When Bethany and I spoke this morning, she pointed out to me that Kennedy has a slight limp to his left leg.” 
“Kennedy has an injured leg?” I ask.  
“Yes, he does. Gus and I watched the video for the largest part of the morning and he has something going on with it. I don’t know how we didn’t notice it ourselves.” 
“Is that why he hasn’t been fighting?” 
“It may be, I have no idea.” 
I look at Bethany, who is smiling and say, “Look at you with your private investigative skills.” 
She stands up and says laughing, “Who knew? I need to get home. Leah, I’ll see you tomorrow and Bobby, I’m glad it’s information you can use.” 
Robert and I both stand and Robert says, “We’ll walk out with you, and it is definitely some useful information.” 
Of course, I also recorded Kennedy’s limp, but this confirms that he has one.  
Robert
Leah and I drive home and we talk about Kennedy’s injury. I have no idea if it’s permanent or temporary. Anytime a fighter has a significant injury it’s a big deal. An opponent can use that to their advantage.  
“Did you get a workout in today?” Leah asks me.  
“A little. We spent the largest part of the morning studying the video Bethany recorded — and your video.” 
“Is there anything on the internet about how or when Kennedy got his injury?” 
“No, nothing. Gus is asking around to see if any of his connections know anything.” 
Leah and I go to the Fresh Market and order soup and sandwiches for dinner. Instead of taking it home to eat, we take it to the cemetery and visit with Jamie. We tell Jamie about the baby and about us not wanting to know the gender of the baby. The baby kicks, and I rest my hand on Leah’s belly and wait for him or her to kick again. Leah and I are both excited to feel the baby’s movement. We tell Jamie how much we love and miss her before going home.  
The next morning while reading the morning paper, I see a picture of and an article about James and Raelynn in the local paper. It says: “Children Find Loaded Gun in Alley While Walking to Park with Their Parents.” 
This is the short article:  
Nine-year-old Raelynn Collins and her step-brother, seven-year-old James Greyson, were walking to the park with their parents when the kids saw a gun along the side of the alley last Saturday. The parents, Alec and Emma Collins, called the police and waited for them to arrive with their children. The police arrived, inspected the gun, and realized it was loaded. The police asked the children what they would have done if they saw a gun along the side of the road and their parents hadn’t been there. The kids both answered to never touch it, tell your parents, and to call 911 right away. The kids are both being recognized tomorrow afternoon at 2:00 p.m. at City Hall with plaques from the Mayor for a job well done.  
I think about those young kids and how no one is safe these days. You can’t even walk to the park without being in danger. I hate to think what might have happened if another child had found that gun. The outcome might have been grim for another family. I don’t know that I would have ever had a talk with Jamie about what to do if she ever found a gun while walking to a park or to school.  
Another article says the gun that was found was tested and is the same gun that was used in a robbery at a local gas station last month. The gun has probably been lying there ever since. The robber was probably scared and threw the gun out the car window or dropped it after he committed the crime.  
I call Alec and we talk about the kids and the gun, and about the children being recognized at City Hall tomorrow. He is still upset that there was a gun for the kids to find. I can understand his anger. You want your children to be safe and when you least expect it, they are in danger. Who would have imagined that a day at the park would have ended that way?  
After I drop Leah off at the shop, I run to Upper Cut for my workout. Gus and Dad are already there. Gus wastes no time in getting me gloved up and in the ring. After 12 grueling rounds with a new boxer, we have lunch before I hit the punching bags. 
When I’m done, I ask, “Did you guys read the paper this morning?”  
Gus says, “Yeah, I read it every morning. Why?” 
“Did you read the article about the kids finding the gun?” 
“I knew about it before today. Dove interviewed the family and wrote the article.” 
My dad says, “It’s crazy, isn’t it?” 
“That your kids aren’t safe anywhere? Pretty sad if you ask me,” I say, looking from Dad to Gus.  
“Dove did say that a lot of people are mailing cards, letters, and gifts addressed to the kids in the newspaper. They aren’t just being recognized from the Mayor, but from the citizens as well.” 
I admit, “That’s a good idea. I didn’t think about doing something like that for them.” 
“Dove gave them a card each with a one-day pass to Jump-N-Fun.” 
I look at Gus and smile before looking at my dad. “We need to do something for them, too.” 
“I’m texting your mom, now.” 
Alec
We received a formal letter from the Mayor, congratulating the kids on doing the right thing when they found a loaded gun in the alley. Emma has been upset, and rightfully so. The kids finding a loaded gun in an alley could have turned deadly. I hate to think of what would have happened if someone else had found it. 
I hold our son, Jackson, while Emma brushes Raelynn’s hair. James is sitting on the floor putting his dress shoes on. Everyone is dressed up; it’s a big day today. James and I are wearing a suit and tie while Emma and Raelynn are wearing dresses. Our baby, Jackson, is wearing a sleeper. I wish I could say it’s a formal sleeper, but it’s just a sleeper. I am tempted to add a bow tie to it. 
“Emma, I think Raelynn looks beautiful,” I say.  
Emma stands back and looks at Raelynn with a smile. “Yes, I have to agree.” 
“Can we go now, momma?” James pleads. We have been ready for an hour, but Emma always fusses over everyone and the kids soon become impatient.  
“I’m ready — just let me get the diaper bag.” 
I clear my throat and hold up the baby and the diaper bag so Emma can see we all are ready to go.  
“Looks like we’re ready,” Emma says, smiling as she looks at each of the kids.  
On the drive to City Hall, Emma tells the kids what to do and what not to do in front of the Mayor. The kids are talking to each other and not listening to her. I just smile as I drive, looking in my rearview mirror at the kids. Still, Emma, who thinks ahead, gives some good advice to the kids: “Do NOT scratch, no matter where it itches.” 
We pull up at City Hall and right away I see several cars that belong to our friends, including Molly, Raelynn’s mother. I didn’t expect to see our friends here. I did expect to see our parents. As soon as we unfasten the kids from their seatbelts and walk to the front entrance, I see just how many friends have come for the small recognition ceremony for the kids: Angel and her husband, my business partner, Mason; Molly and her husband, Adam; Bobby and Leah Grether; Emma’s ex-co-workers, Sara and Brea; and Emma’s and my, and Molly’s and Adam’s parents. Emma walks over and starts hugging everyone. I follow behind with Jackson and greet everyone. James and Raelynn are already standing with Molly and Adam. Once all the pleasantries are over, a woman comes and says the Mayor would like to see us.  
“These are our family and friends; is there any way you can accommodate room for everyone? We would like for everyone to be a part of the kids receiving their plaque,” I say. Emma squeezes my hand in hopes that she says yes.  
“Sure, it won’t be a problem. Please follow me.” 
“Thank you, we appreciate it.” 
We all follow the older woman into a vast, elegant office. The kids, Molly, Adam, Emma and I are introduced to the Mayor, the Chief of Police, and the Sheriff. During the small formal ceremony, the kids are very well behaved. Jackson sleeps through the entire ceremony.  
The Mayor stands in front of Raelynn and James and says, “On behalf of the city, we would like to thank you for doing the right thing. When you found the gun in the alley last week, your decision to tell your parents so they could call 911 showed maturity and responsibility. We want to thank you both for making the right decision and we hope that more kids are as responsible as the both of you are.” The Mayor then shakes James’ and Raelynn’s hands. I can hear Emma sniffle and I hold her close. This is a proud moment for all of us. A photographer takes several pictures before we leave. A reporter is standing near the Mayor; at least, I think it’s a reporter. The kids are awarded a plaque and shake the hands of the Mayor, the Chief of Police, and the Sheriff. Our friends and family applaud and we all leave.  
Before we are out the door, the older woman hands me a stack of letters.  
“Here, these are addressed to the kids,” she smiles.  
“We received some last week from the newspaper,” I say in confusion.  
“These are what came here. People are calling your kids heroes. The Mayor also received letters from some of the parents whose kids frequent that park on foot. Some parents aren’t sure that their kids wouldn’t have picked up the gun and maybe even assumed it was a play gun. This gun incident has started awareness and every parent out there is now talking to their kids about what to do if this ever happens again.” 
I take the stack of letters and say, “Thank you. We are just glad it all worked out. Maybe whoever owned the gun can be punished for tossing it carelessly out the window.” 
“That would be ideal. However, the gun’s serial numbers were scratched off and more than likely the gun was stolen.” 
“I see, that’s very unfortunate. Thank you for the letters.” 
“You’re welcome, if we receive any more, we’ll forward them to you.” 
Leah
Robert and I wait outside of City Hall for Emma and Alec, along with all of their other friends and their family members. We bought their kids a small gift to thank them for a job well done. I still shudder just thinking about what could have happened if the gun had been found by someone else, anyone else. I should be at work, but Bethany is covering the shop until I get back. I shouldn’t be surprised by the number of people here, but I am. Emma and Alec have a mixed or divided family, so that means a very extended family. The bigger the family, the more people to love. I saw Dove in there tape-recording the ceremony. It will make a good article in the paper in the morning.  
Molly walks over and hugs Robert and then me. Molly and Robert have known each other longer than Molly and I have known each other. I should be jealous of their friendship, but I’m not. They helped each other through a very tough time in their life.  
Emma and Alec walk out of the building, smiling. Emma is carrying the baby and Alec is holding James’ and Raelynn’s hands. When they walk over to us, Robert and I give each of the kids a wrapped gift.  
Emma smiles and says, “You didn’t have to do that.” 
“We know, we wanted to,” I smile. 
We watch the kids open their gifts and they seem to be happy with them. “Thank you, I love trains,” James says, hugging me and then Robert. 
“You’re welcome, Buddy,” Robert says. 
“Look, Mommy and Emma, a Barbie,” Raelynn says, holding up the Barbie doll for them to see. “Thank you, Leah and Bobby.” 
“You’re welcome, Raelynn,” Robert and I say in unison. 
I hand Emma a card from Jo and Bethany before I hold the baby. He is adorable and I inhale his scent before I hand him back to Emma. There’s just something about a clean baby’s scent. Robert drops me off at work and he heads out to meet with Gus, my dad, and his dad for a short workout.  
Emma
Alec and I take the kids out for a late celebratory lunch after the ceremony. I was so proud of them. After lunch, while the kids eat their dessert, I feed the baby, and Alec opens the cards and letters and read them to the kids. Some are thank-you cards and some of the cards contain small amounts of money, movie tickets, and gift cards for putt-putt golf, Jump-N-Fun, bowling, and even roller skating. I am amazed at the show of support the kids are receiving from the community. One of the letters reads: 
Raelynn and James, 
We just read the article in the paper and we can not tell you how happy we were to see two bright and smart children making the right decision. We are sending you both a small gift to show our gratitude. Our grandchildren visit that park and we are so grateful the outcome was what it was. You are both outstanding citizens and we thank you.  
Love, Dutch and Carol  
As soon as we are home and the baby is asleep, Alec and I sit at the table so the kids can write thank-you cards to everyone who provided a return address.  
“Daddy, do we have to write thank-you cards?” Raelynn pouts. 
“Rae, you don’t want to thank these nice people for the gifts they sent you?” 
“No, it’ll take too long.” 
“James, do you want to write the thank-you cards?” 
“No, there’s too many,” James also pouts.  
Alec looks at me before saying, “If you don’t want to thank them, you don’t have to.” 
I look at him and I can’t believe he said that. Obviously we have very different parenting styles. When I start to open my mouth to say something, he shakes his head at me and winks. Good, he has a plan.  
“Yay, Sissy, we don’t have to write any cards,” James says as he takes his money and gifts off the table.  
“Good, Bubby, let’s go play with our presents.” 
“Not so fast,” Alec says. 
The kids stop and look at him. “What? Did we forget something?” Rae asks. 
I think I know where he’s going with this and he’s a genius.  
“Leave the gifts on the table so we can return them tomorrow,” Alec says thoughtfully as he stands up from the table. 
“Why?” James asks. “These are for us.” 
“They are for you, but if you can’t thank the person who took the time to go out and do something nice for you, you don’t deserve to keep them.” 
“Why do we have to thank them?” 
Alec ponders the question as he searches for the perfect example. He says, “What if you did something special for your mom, like make her breakfast in bed for Mothers Day?” 
“Like we did last year?” James asks, excitedly as he remembers the toast and milk he and Raelynn made me.  
“Yes, just like last year.” 
“That was fun. Momma liked that,” James says. 
“And what if your Momma ate it and didn’t tell you thank you?”  
“Oh,” Raelynn says sadly. 
“What if she got up out of bed and didn’t tell you how much she loved it? How would you feel?” 
“Sad,” they say in unison. 
“It’s the same thing. Anytime someone does something nice for you or gives you a gift, it’s important to thank them. Otherwise, they’re sad and hurt. They don’t know if you got it or if you liked it.” 
“Bubby, we should make them thank-you cards.”  
“Yeah, Sissy. I don’t want them to be sad.” 
“We can add glitter and make them sparkly,” Raelynn says enthusiastically.  
After two hours, all of the thank-you cards are filled out, signed, addressed, and ready to be mailed. 
Leah
I try to think positively and I try to avoid the dark cloud known as depression. I focus on work and try to follow up with Brooke and her book sales on the internet. More and more people are coming in and requesting her books by name. In the beginning, her books mostly sold because she was a local author, but now, they are selling because her books are bestsellers. Brooke comes in and restocks her books weekly and I try to get an update from her then. This weekend she is doing another book signing in Tampa. The signing is called the Beach Babes Book Bash and will be held at the Holiday Inn. 
Bethany called out sick today, so I am working at the shop alone. Robert offered to stay and help out, but he needs to train. Emma comes in with her kids for storytime. Storytime used to be on Fridays only, but now it’s everyday. Either Bethany, me, Robert on occasion, or a child’s parent will read a short story to the children. Everyone seems to enjoy it. Today, Brittany’s mom is going to read. I hold Emma’s baby, Jackson, every chance that I get. I even put his baby carrier behind the counter with me. He is a good baby with dark hair like Alec’s. James has blond hair like Emma’s, but I think he resembles his father who passed away a few years ago during his tour of duty. I saw pictures of him while visiting at Emma and Alec’s house. Other than the blond hair, he doesn’t look much like her.  
Robert comes into work earlier than normal to help me close. He waits patiently while I do the deposit and the book work. I do this nightly. Otherwise, it wouldn’t get done. When I exit the back room, I expect to find him sitting down watching the big screen, and he is. Robert is watching the sports channel and on the television is a picture of Greene, the boxer who passed away as a result of a fight with Kennedy. The headline reads: “Enough Money Raised to Help with Greene’s Handicapped Child.” Robert must not hear me because he doesn’t turn to acknowledge me. On the television is now a picture of Greene and his young, wheelchair-bound son standing in front of a small modest white house with black shutters and a white picket fence.  
Earlier, I saw the article in the paper with the link to the website to make a monetary donation. I made a small contribution in Jamie’s name. I didn’t tell Robert. I’m sure he made his own contribution. “I’m glad the donations were plentiful.” 
He looks over at me, takes my hand in his, and smiles, “Me, too.” Robert shuts off the television and asks, “Are you ready, Sweets?” 
“I’m tired today, Ace,” I say, propping my feet up on the coffee table. 
“If Bethany is sick tomorrow, I’ll stay and help you.” 
“Good, the gutters need to be cleaned out,” I joke. 
Robert and I drive home and I fall asleep in the car on the way. I forgot how exhausting it is to share your body with another human being, no matter how small they are. And yet we don’t present infants with a rent bill after they are born even though we know that in a few years they will probably call us “Poopyhead” at least once. 
“C’mon, Sweets, let’s get you to bed.”  
I don’t argue, I just change my clothes and crawl into bed. I feel Robert kiss me and cover me up before he turns off the lamp and leaves the room. 
The next day I wake up to an empty bed and a note on Robert’s pillow. Leah, I know you must be tired. I’ll be at the shop working today. Don’t worry about anything, stay in bed, and get your rest. Love, Robert x 
I roll over and look at the clock. I am surprised to see it’s already 10:00 a.m. I slept more than 12 hours. Feeling rested, I shower and eat something before driving to the shop. I check the mail and see that a certified letter needs to be picked up from the post office. No sender’s name is listed — just a code. It’s addressed to Robert and me. I put it in the car. 
I pull into the parking lot at the shop and I can tell by the number of cars in the lot that it’s already getting busy. I don’t see Bethany’s car, but I do see that Jo’s car is still here. I peek in the large picture window and see Robert at the counter looking at, but not touching, the cinnamon buns. Then I see Jo at the coffee station getting a cup of coffee. I watch as she walks over and hands Robert the cup of coffee. I enter the shop and the bell over the door rings, alerting them that someone is entering. 
“Working hard, Ace?” I ask as I try to hide the amusement from my face. “Good morning, Jo,” I add, smiling at her.  
Jo smiles and says, “Good morning, Leah. Feeling better?” 
“I’m very well rested, thank you.” 
Robert smiles at me and says, “I’m working as hard as you do on a daily basis.” 
“Is this what you think I do every day? Sit there, staring at cinnamon buns, and have Jo get my coffee for me?” I bend down and kiss him. I know he’s in a playful mood this morning. 
“You got that extra weight from doing something?” he jokes before he swats my bottom. 
I yelp and laugh. “I can tell you this, it wasn’t from eating these.” I break off a piece of a cinnamon bun and toss it in my mouth. 
“You can enjoy it,” Robert says. “I have to give these up because of my fight with Kennedy.” 
He adds, “Did you get your sleep out?”  
“I did, but you should have woken me up this morning.” 
“Why?” 
“Because I need to work.” 
“I could have handled it.” 
The bell over the door rings. 
“Excuse me, but where is your erotica section?” a tall, blonde woman asks. 
I look at Robert and let him handle it.  
“Do we have an erotica section?” Robert asks the woman. 
I laugh and say, “It’s in the back of the store.” 
“Thank you,” she says as she walks off towards the back of the shop. 
“You sell erotic books?” Robert spins around on his stool. “Women like those?” 
“We do and they sell very well. Good job handling that question, Ace,” I joke.  
Robert leans up and kisses me, “I’m glad you’re here.” 
I put my things away and find out that Bethany is still sick. I call Mrs. Ford from the florist and get a bouquet of flowers ordered for her. Robert tells me that Jo insisted on staying over to help him. I thank her for staying over to work and ask her to please stop catering to Robert.  
“Bobby is just so dang cute,” she insists and claims that as her defense.  
“Jo, he’s going to get fat and lazy if you keep waiting on him.” 
“Nonsense. A man needs to be catered to from time to time,” she says while removing her apron. 
“When he gets fat and lazy, I’m sending him to you.” We both smile. 
I add, “But Jo, don’t tempt him with cinnamon buns. He’s giving them up until after the fight with Kennedy.” 
I kiss and hug Jo goodbye and Robert walks her to her car. While he’s outside, I check over the sale receipts to make sure there aren’t any obvious errors. I’m pleased when everything looks good.  
“Are you going to train today?” I ask when Robert comes into the shop. 
“No, I took the day off. I thought you would have stayed home today.” 
I ring up a couple customers and then say, “I can’t take the day off. It was nice that you let me sleep in, though.” 
“Anything for you, Sweets.” 
“Did you happen to talk to Bethany this morning?” 
“No, Kyle called in for her. He said she has the flu.” 
“Hopefully she can get some rest this weekend.” 
Chapter Seven: Is This Even Possible?
Robert
Leah and I have dinner at a restaurant with a lounge, and Gus is sitting at the bar having a beer.  
“What’s Dove doing today?” I ask Gus. 
“She’s actually working on a big story.” 
“I thought she did an excellent job with the story she did about the kids finding the gun,” Leah says. 
Gus smiles, “Thank you. She was pretty happy with the content of that story; she likes feel-good stories.” 
“Does this story have anything to do with that?” 
“No, I don’t think so. She said the story she is working on is pretty exclusive. She isn’t talking much about it yet. I guess it’ll be the story of the year.” 
“She must be an excellent reporter to have a story like that,” Leah says. 
“She is. She loves her job and she can get a story like no one else. I’ve seen her in action and it’s scary,” Gus says.  
On the way to take Leah to work the next morning, I see a certified letter notice on the console of her car.  
“Do we have time to get this?” I ask, holding up the green-colored notice. 
“We have plenty of time.” 
“I hate when they don’t list the sender,” I admit, looking at the code numbers where the sender's name should be.  
“I imagine it’s about your upcoming fight with Kennedy,” Leah says. She doesn’t look at me.  
I pull into the post office and Leah waits for me in the car. Thankfully the line is minimal this time of the morning. I give the clerk the slip and watch as he exits into the back room. When he returns, he hands me a large manilla envelope. It is addressed to Mr. and Mrs. Robert Grether and it’s from Manasota Memorial Hospital.  
“Thank you,” I say, walking away from the counter and out to the car where Leah is waiting.  
I get in the car and hand Leah the envelope before pulling out of the parking lot. Leah looks at the large envelope and says, “It’s from Manasota Memorial Hospital. Do you think it’s about my pregnancy or my lab work?” 
“I can’t imagine why they would send you a certified letter for that. Besides, it’s addressed to the both of us.” 
“Good point. Here, you open it. It’s probably a bill,” she jokes as she hands me the unopened envelope. 
I look over at her and smile. When we pull up into the parking lot of the shop, I take the envelope and walk hand in hand with Leah. Bethany is already here and is helping Jo with the pastries. Since we are running late, I immediately set my things on the counter and begin setting the bistro tables out on the sidewalk. A few cars are already pulling into the parking lot. When the last table is set out, I walk back inside. My keys, the certified letter, and Leah are nowhere to be seen.  
“Feeling better, Bethany?” I ask, walking over to her.  
“Much better, thank you.” 
“Good, we were worried about you.” 
“I’m sorry about that; I know I left you guys in a bind.” 
“No need to worry about that. I’m just glad you’re feeling better.”  
I hear the office door open and then I hear a loud noise. I run in the direction of Leah’s office and see her lying on her side on the floor. “Call 911,” I yell as I run closer to Leah’s seemingly lifeless body. I kneel down beside her and feel for a pulse. Thankfully, there is one.  
“Bethany’s calling 911. What do you want me to do, Bobby?” Jo asks softly. 
“I don’t know,” I answer truthfully. “I think she fainted.” 
“Here, let me see,” Jo says as she makes her way into the small office. I move out of the way slightly, giving Jo just a small amount of space. Jo carefully repositions Leah and feels her pulse. Next, Jo opens Leah’s eyelids and then she squeezes her fingertips. She is making sure her eyes are reactive and that she has blood flow to her extremities.  
“They’re on their way,” Bethany yells from the other room.  
I kneel on the floor, holding Leah’s hand, and pray that she and the baby are all right. Jo softly smooths Leah’s hair, moving it away from her face, and talks calmly to her. Bethany gives Jo a blanket that she must have gotten from the children’s reading area.  
“Thank you, Bethany. I think she may be in shock,” Jo whispers.  
Shock? Why would she be in shock? I hear sirens and Leah’s hand twitches in my hand.  
“They’re here,” Bethany yells.  
I look at Leah and see her eyes flutter. Jo talks sweetly to her and I continue to pray. I hear voices, and Jo and I stand to let the EMS workers in. I give them Leah’s medical history and details of what I saw happen today to one man while never taking my eyes off of the two guys placing an unconscious Leah onto the gurney.  
“You can ride with us or you can follow us,” one guy says. 
“I’ll ride with you. Bethany, will you lock up and put the closed sign on the door for me, please?” 
“Yes, of course.” 
“Go on, Bobby. Bethany and I will manage the store. Call us when you know something.” 
“Thank you, guys, and I will.” 
I ride in the front of the ambulance and force myself to not look behind me. I call my mom and Leah’s mom and tell them what happened. It’s no surprise that they all will meet us at the hospital. I also ask her mom to call Leah’s doctor to meet us there, too.  
When we pull up at the hospital, I jump out of the front seat. I wait in the back of the ambulance for the doors to open. I see that Leah has an I.V. hooked up to her right hand and she looks pale. I can’t tell if she’s awake; her eyes are closed. I give them room to get Leah out, then I follow closely behind the gurney into the emergency room.  
Quickly I give them Leah’s personal info and medical history and then the insurance information. Finally, I am reunited with Leah. She is awake and is talking softly to the doctor when I enter her room. Her color is slowly returning to her face. She looks over at me and then reaches for my hand. She is connected to a baby monitor that is strapped to her belly. I hear a heartbeat and the swooshing of the baby moving. Thank God, my baby is fine. I wait quietly until the doctor is done talking to and examining Leah.  
The doctor stands and says, “We’ll get some labs ordered and go from there.” 
“Thank you,” I say as I stand up. 
“Someone will be in shortly to draw her blood,” the doctor says as he walks out of the room.  
I sit back down and ask Leah, “Are you all right?” I can see the tears in her eyes. I lift her hand up and kiss it. “It’ll be okay, Leah.” Leah closes her eyes and her lips tremble. I hate to see her so upset. I squeeze her hand to let her know I am here for her. I will always be here for her.  
They come in and draw her labs and the doctor comes in and checks on her again. When the doctor leaves, I walk out into the hall with him.  
“My wife is visibly upset; is she going to be all right?” I ask.  
“I’ll know more when the labs return.” 
“She’s never fainted before.” 
“I’ll know more when the labs come back and then I’ll be in to talk to you both.” 
“Thank you,” I say and begin to walk behind the curtain to join Leah. 
A nurse walks up and says, “You have a visitor in the waiting room. She says it’s crucial she sees you.” 
“Thank you.” I peek in on Leah and see that she is lying in bed and staring up at the ceiling. “I’ll be right back, we have a visitor. Do you need anything?” 
She looks over at me and tries to smile. “No, I’m fine.” 
I walk down the hall and into the waiting area where I see Jo standing. She is holding the opened manilla envelope that I picked up at the post office earlier.  
“Hi, Jo.” 
“How is she, Bobby?” 
I run my hands through my hair and take a deep breath. “They’re running tests on her. They’ll know more when her labs come back.” 
“Here, I found this on the floor where Leah fainted.” I take the envelope from her and begin to remove the contents from the envelope. Maybe this is why she fainted.  
“Bobby, don’t open it now. This needs to be read in front of Leah.” 
“Why? What is it?” I ask, removing the contents from the envelope. 
Jo puts her hand lightly on the envelope to stop me. “Bobby, please trust me. Don’t read that until you are with Leah.” Jo is insistent. I look at her and I can see sadness, or concern, or both, in her eyes that I hadn’t noticed earlier.  
“Okay, I need to get back in there to her.” 
“Call me if you need me.” 
“Thank you, I will.” Jo and I both leave the waiting room together. She walks towards the exit sign and I walk towards Leah’s room. Leah is still in bed when I get there.  
“That was Jo. She wanted to stop by and check on you.” 
Leah smiles sadly and says, “I imagine that I frightened her earlier.” 
“She’ll be okay. She’s a tough girl.” I sit down beside Leah and show her the envelope. “She brought this and said she found it lying on the floor where you fainted.” 
Leah sits up in bed and says, “I was reading that when I fainted.” 
“Jo said that we should read it together.” 
“It’s about Jamie.” 
I watch as Leah closes her eyes. A tear falls from her cheek and she wipes the tear track away. I slowly and carefully remove the single sheet of paper from the envelope. It says:  
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Grether, 
The Manasota Memorial Hospital believes that there may have been a mix-up with two baby girls who were born on the same day. The babies were both born at the same time to two different mothers. Recent tests on a six-year-old girl and both of her parents have revealed that the child they took home from the hospital isn’t their biological child. Although it is highly unlikely that your daughter was the one who was switched at birth, we are asking everyone who gave birth to a daughter at that time to submit DNA for testing. Please call the number below to set up an appointment with one of our medical staff. We’ll need to collect DNA from your daughter and both of the parents.  
I blink. That’s all I can do. I suddenly feel like I am in a large room, alone, with a giant spotlight shining down on me. I know Leah is here, but I can no longer see her. Is this for real? Is this a joke? Can shit like this still happen? I feel like I am having an out-of-body experience. The doctor comes in and tells us Leah’s labs and tests are fine. He can’t say for sure what caused her fainting. I don’t say anything. I can’t speak. I hand him the letter and wait under the spotlight that I feel shining on me. Someone holds my hand and I think it’s Leah. I hope it’s Leah. I can’t look at her. I know I should say something to her, but what? 
“Oh,” the doctor says. “Do you want to call someone?” he asks. 
I blink. I know I should call someone. “Our parents are on their way.” 
“I think they’re already here. The nurse said you had some family in the waiting area. I’ll go out and get them and give you some time.” 
I think I say, “Thank you,” but I’m not sure.  
“Robert?” a soft angelic voice says. I blink and look up at Leah. She is still holding my large hand in her small one. She brings me back to the here and now. The spotlight is moving away from me and I am starting to re-enter my body.  
“We need an attorney,” I say. It’s the only thing I can think of. “Leah?” I look over at her. “We’ll need an attorney.” 
The doctor opens the curtain and our parents walk into the small room. “I’ll give you a few minutes,” he says before leaving. 
“Leah, are you all right?” her mom asks. 
“I’m fine, but Robert and I have some news,” she says. 
“Oh, God, it’s not the baby, is it?” 
I say, “No, Leah and the baby are fine. We got this in the mail today. It came by certified mail.”  
I hand my dad the letter and watch as Tim, Sue, and Mom lean in to read it. Leah and I hold hands and wait. I think Leah and I are in shock. My mind hasn’t even processed what this will mean. I look at Leah and she is watching our parents read the letter from the hospital. I look away from Leah and turn my attention to our parents.  
My mom and Sue gasp and cover their mouths with their hands. I stand and offer my chair as Tim gets another chair from the hallway. I’m almost scared they’ll faint, too.  
“How can this happen?” Dad asks. 
“I don’t know,” I say honestly. “I think we need an attorney before we do anything.” 
“I think that’s a good idea,” Dad says. “I can call Judge Myles to see if he can meet with us.” 
Leah asks, “Why will we need an attorney? I don’t want to sue them. I’m sure it was an honest mistake.” 
Tim says calmly while walking closer to Leah, “You may need an attorney if it proves that Jamie isn’t your biological child.” 
“Oh, God. I never even considered that. She’s our daughter, I can feel it.” Leah rubs her hand over her belly.  
Tears fill her eyes and suddenly I want to beat the shit out of someone. The doctor comes in, sits down, and talks to us about Leah and the baby. When he sees how upset Leah is, he tells us he wants to keep her overnight for observation. I think for a moment and then decide this is a great idea. I have some things that I want to do and I think it’ll be best if Leah isn’t involved.  
Leah
I get moved upstairs to a hospital room, and Mom and Margie stay with me. Dad, Walter, and Robert leave. Robert is worried about me and I am equally as worried about him. Before Robert left, I read and re-read the letter we received from the hospital, and I don’t think the meaning of the letter has sunk in. Mom and Margie are quiet, and I think it’s because of strict instructions from Robert. Robert took the letter with him when he left. I know he has plans to meet with an attorney.  
“Why do you think we’ll need an attorney?” I ask.  
Mom and Margie just look at me.  
When they don’t answer, I say, “If Jamie was switched at birth, what will happen?” 
“Leah,” my mom says, “I honestly don’t know.” 
Robert
“I called Judge Myles and he can see us now,” my dad says.  
“Great, where’s his office located?” 
“It’s over on Long Boat Key.” 
I’m not driving, Tim is. I left Leah at the hospital with our mothers. I asked them to please avoid any conversations about Jamie if they can. I don’t want my wife worrying about something we have no control over. I need to do as much as I can while Leah is in the hospital. I honestly don’t think either of us have a clue of the magnitude of this problem. Leah said she knows that Jamie was our daughter because she could feel it. Jamie will always be my daughter; nothing will ever change that.  
We pull up at the attorney’s office and suddenly my legs feel like lead. I know I have to talk to someone about this, but I’m not sure I want to. If Jamie isn’t our biological daughter, there is no quick way to fix this. Scratch that, there is no way at all to fix this.  
“Are you coming, Robert?” 
I look up and see Tim standing at the car door, waiting for me. I force myself to get out of the car and remind myself to put one foot in front of the other. My legs are wobbly, and I have no idea how I remain standing.  
Once inside, I sit down and Dad checks in with the receptionist. My life and the memories I have with Jamie replay over and over in my head as if in slow motion. I remember my mom watching the Lifetime movie Switched at Birth many years ago. Shit like this does happen, but how? 
“Bruce will see you now,” I hear a woman say. I stand and follow Dad and Tim down the hallway and into a large conference room. It looks like they are expecting us. “Please have a seat. Bruce will be right with you. Please help yourself to coffee and water.” Before we can say anything, she leaves and closes the door behind her. I take a seat as Dad and Tim get something to drink. Dad hands me a bottled water and sits down next to me. Tim sits across the glass table from us. 
I look out the large window at the water view when I hear a man’s voice say, “I’m sorry to keep you waiting.” 
I turn to look at the man walking into the room. He is a wearing a crisp black suit and he has graying hair, mostly at his temples. We all stand as he walks further into the room. He extends his hand to my dad first. “Walter, it’s great seeing you again.” 
“Thank you for seeing us so quickly. This is my son, Robert, and his father-in-law, Tim.” 
I extend my hand and also thank him for seeing us. Once the introductions are finished, Bruce says, “Please have a seat.” He sits at the head of the table and jumps right into the reason why we are here. “You received something in the mail? Do you have that with you?” 
“I do.” I hand him the manilla envelope and watch as he reads it.  
“Have you spoken to anyone about this yet?” he asks.  
“Just family.” 
“I just heard on Friday that there was the possibility of a baby swap at the local hospital. It’s hard to believe that things like this can still happen.” 
“What should we do?” I ask.  
“First of all, they’re going to want to collect DNA from your daughter, your wife, and you. They’ll suggest having everyone go to a hospital and collect DNA from everyone at the same time. You can also decide to hire your own company to perform the DNA testing. I can set this up for you now if you would like.” 
“Yes, please.” 
“Is there a time we can get everyone together for the testing?” 
“Our daughter, Jamie, passed away almost two years ago.”  
“I’m sorry to hear that.” I watch as he sits further back into his leather chair. He rocks and taps his pen on the table top. 
“Thank you.” 
“They can collect her DNA by other means, like hair fibers.”  
“What will happen if the tests reveal that Jamie isn’t our biological daughter?” 
“It depends on the other girl’s family. Let’s just hope that Jamie is your daughter.” I nod. “I wouldn’t talk to anyone, especially the media. There’s no telling when this will get leaked out. How is your wife?” 
“Currently pregnant and in the hospital for observation. She fainted when she read the letter.” 
“Robert, I’m going to be honest. This won’t be easy for you or your wife. If the DNA comes back that Jamie isn’t your biological child, you may be faced with a battle for custody or visitation rights. That is assuming that you want to see your recently discovered daughter.”  
“Leah and I haven’t really considered the fact that Jamie may not be ours. I feel deep in my heart that she is my flesh and blood.”  
“The other family is going to be very upset that their daughter is deceased. They will likely accuse you and your wife of unthinkable acts.”  
I run my hand through my hair.  
“I’m sorry, but I want you to be prepared for the worse.” 
I run my hands through my hair again, “Well, let’s hope for the best.” 
“I’ll schedule an appointment for the DNA testing and call the hospital to see how many families are involved in this baby swap.” 
“You’re going to take this case?” I ask hopefully. 
“I am. You may need great representation.” 
I look at him in the eyes and say, “Thank you.” 
“I’ll be in touch about the DNA test; be ready to be swamped by the media. It’s just a matter of time before the media is all over you for a story. If you or your wife work outside of the home, you may want to figure something else out.” 
“Okay, we can do that.” 
“I would also like to be there when they collect the DNA. Just to make sure there aren’t any possible errors. Is there a particular time you want for you to do that?” 
“No, anytime is good.” 
Bruce writes some things down on his legal pad and says, “I’ll get on it and I’ll call you as soon as something is set up.” 
“Thank you, I am truly grateful to you for taking this case. My dad speaks very highly of you,” I say, as I shake Bruce’s hand.  
“Your dad and I go way back and my son is a big fan.” 
“Oh, who’s your son?” 
“Mason Myles,” he says, nodding to a family portrait hanging on the wall. The picture consists of Mason, his wife, Angel, and their twins. 
I look at the picture then at Bruce, “I like Mason; he’s a good man.”  
“Thank you, and yes, he is.” 
Chapter Eight: Little Jamie
Leah
I wake up from a restless sleep and find Robert on his laptop in the chair next to my hospital bed. It’s completely dark outside. “Please tell me it was all a dream.” 
He looks over his computer at me and smiles sadly. “I wish I could, Sweets.” 
“This is going to be a mess, isn’t it?” 
“I’m afraid so.” Robert closes up his laptop and sits on the edge of the hospital bed. “The attorney is going to take our case.” 
“That’s good news.” 
“It is. Do you remember Mason and Angel?” 
“Emma’s friends, the doctor and his wife?” 
“Yes, that’s him. The attorney is Mason’s dad. He’s also a judge in Bradenton.” 
“Do you think we’ll need an attorney?” 
“I hope not, but if we do, I want the best one around.” 
I pull the blanket up and say, “I can’t help but feel that Jamie was our daughter. I think I would have known if she wasn’t.” 
“Me, too. I couldn’t have loved her any more and I could never love her any less.” 
The next morning my doctor comes in and releases me. Dad and Mom pick us up and drive us home. When we get there, Robert’s parents are in the house. I smell food and my mouth waters. His mom makes the best roast beef and noodles I have ever had. I also know she cooks when she is anxious.  
“Is that homemade bread I smell?” Robert asks, inhaling deeply through his nose. 
“It is,” she smiles.  
I hug his mother and his father before saying, “I’m going to shower and get this hospital smell off me,” I say, walking up the stairs, “I’m glad you are both here.” 
Robert walks over to me and asks, “Leah, do you need anything?” 
“Just a shower.” He looks at me with concern in his eyes. “I’m fine, really.” 
As I walk past Jamie’s room, I turn around and go in. I inhale deeply; I just want to smell her scent. Of course, it’s long gone. I walk over to her nightstand and look at the picture of the three of us. God, I pray she is ours. I wipe the tears from my cheek and lie on her bed. Jamie always had light brown hair and light eyes where Robert and I have black hair and very dark eyes. I look at the picture and try to see which one of us she looks like.  
“Don’t, Leah.” I jump at Robert’s voice. “No matter what, she is our daughter.” 
“What if…” 
“Don’t. She’s ours and there are no what if’s. I couldn’t have loved her any more than I did.” 
“Why is this happening to us? I don’t feel like we deserve it. We’re good people who do right by others. So, why this?” 
“I don’t know. I wish I had the answers, but I don’t.” 
Robert’s cell phone rings and he says, “I have to take this. Get your shower, we have company.” 
“Okay.” I stand up and walk out of the room. I take a long hot bath instead of a shower. My mind is going 100 miles and even a long hot bath isn’t relaxing me.  
We have dinner together and everyone is quiet. We are all thinking the same thing, yet nobody wants to talk about it. I feel like the black cloud of depression is calling me and I refuse to answer. It would be so easy to sink into that state of sadness. I fight it for me, Robert, and our baby. As if the baby knows what I am thinking, he kicks me. I jump, which doesn’t go unnoticed by Robert or our parents. “He’s strong,” I admit, smiling. I rub my hand over the spot he just kicked to sooth it. Everyone has felt the baby kick but our fathers. He kicks again and I smooth out my shirt so they can see it. The baby glides his foot over my belly. I don’t know the baby’s sex, but for some reason I call it a him. The baby’s foot feels funny and it looks even more comical. I look up and I can see the smiles of Robert and our parents. I take my dad’s hand and place it on my belly.  
“Wow, that feels incredible,” Dad says. 
I put Walter’s hand on my belly next. His face lights up when the baby kicks. “I think it’s a boy,” Walter says, smiling.  
“You can tell from a kick?” Margie jokes. 
“Sure can, he’s strong like Robert. It’s gotta be a boy.”  
We laugh and finish our dinner. I’m grateful the mood has lightened. I pat my belly as a thank you to the baby. 
The next morning Robert informs me that today we need to go to the hospital for our DNA tests. The attorney called with the time and location. I don’t go in to work. Robert called Bethany last night and asked her if she could handle working the shop by herself. He said he would close it if she didn’t feel comfortable working alone. Of course, she doesn’t want to close the store.  
While getting dressed, I feel a sudden burst of anxiety run through me. I sit on the bed and close my eyes. I take some deep breaths in my nose and out my mouth. Please, not today.  
“Are you all right?” Robert asks, sitting next to me on the bed. 
“I will be. I just need a minute.” 
He doesn’t leave me but sits with me and holds my hand. I feel like, since Jamie’s death, I am falling apart slowly. I’m not the person I once was. When the anxiety passes, I smooth my hands over my dress and stand.  
“Better?” Robert asks. 
“I am, thank you. Do you have the locket of Jamie’s hair from her first haircut, and her birth and death certificates?” 
“I do.” 
“Is that all they wanted?” 
“That, and our drivers licenses.” 
“The attorney is meeting us at the hospital, right?” 
“He is. He also set us up with an appointment at Mason and Alec’s medical practice. He advised us to get our own DNA tests.” 
“This is really happening, isn’t it?” 
“I’m afraid so, Leah. I’m sorry.” 
Gus is in the driveway when we exit the house. “We have a driver?” I joke.  
“It looks like it.” 
Robert holds open the back car door for us and climbs in after me. Gus is driving and Dove is in the passenger seat. “You’re not working today?” I ask Dove while buckling my seatbelt. 
“No, I’m unemployed.” 
“Since when?” 
“Since the jerks wanted me to do a story about a baby swap.” 
My heart falls into my stomach. I look at Robert with my mouth wide opened. “You quit your job because of this story?” They wanted her to write about the girls who were switched at birth. 
“I was excited about doing this story until I heard you guys are one of the parents affected by it. I can’t lose a friendship over a story.” 
I say, “You wouldn’t have lost us.” 
“Leah, trust me when I say that I would have. They expect reporters to be ruthless, to do whatever they need for a story. My friends and family come first, and they always will.” 
“Thank you, Dove. I appreciate that.” 
“Just to give you a heads up. The badgering starts now,” she says.  
We pull out of our gated community and see several different news vans parked along the side of the road. I stare out the window and I feel like I’m going to get sick. I reach for Robert’s hand and he readily takes it.  
“They’re expecting to see your car or Bobby’s car. They aren’t expecting you to be in here,” Gus says. 
Dove adds, “More reporters will be waiting for you at the hospital.” 
“We’ll drop you guys off at the back of the hospital. Just call when you’re done and we’ll pick you up at the same location.”  
I watch as Gus looks at Robert in his rearview window. 
“Thank you,” Robert says. 
“No thanks is needed.” 
Robert
We get dropped off in the back, and Leah and I rush inside the back door. Bruce, our attorney, called and informed us that members of the media were at the front doors, waiting for us. He meets us at the back door and I hold Leah’s hand and we walk quickly into a room that says “LABS” over the doorway. I watch as a man and a woman, both with brown hair, leave with a red-headed child. I wonder if they are part of this baby swap. I look down at Leah and she is also watching. We wait with the attorney in a small waiting room.  
“I’ll do all the talking,” Bruce says. “I think it’s also best to have the results mailed to my office by certified mail. I don’t want either of you opening the results alone.” 
Leah nods but doesn't say anything. “Okay, that sounds like a good idea. You’ll call us immediately?” 
“I will, and we will open them together.” 
An older woman comes in, looks around the room, and she asks, “Where’s the child?” She sounds as if she is snarling. 
I open my mouth to say something, but Bruce speaks up. “Sadly, she’s deceased. It should be in your records. We were advised a hair sample would be sufficient.” 
“I need your identification and the child’s birth and death certificate.” 
We hand everything to Bruce and he hands everything to the bitch wearing scrubs. She takes our pictures and swabs the inside of our mouths. I watch as Bruce carefully gives her the small baggie containing Jamie’s fine hair from her very first haircut. The lady reaches in carelessly and removes over half of the hair from the bag. Leah sadly watches as some of the hair falls onto the floor. Leah bends over to pick up the stray strands.  
The bitch says, “You’ll receive the results in the mail in about a week.”  
I open my mouth again to say something about it taking so long, but Bruce says it for me. 
“Is there any way we can get the results any faster?” 
“No, in one week, through the mail,” she repeats sternly. She hands the baggie of Jamie’s hair back to Bruce and Bruce carefully hands it back to Leah. She shakes the small amount of hair left in the bag and a tear trickles down her cheek. She quickly wipes it away. 
We follow Bruce out of the room and Leah and I watch another family enter: a mother, a father, and their daughter. Both parents are blond and the daughter has dark brown hair. Bruce watches Leah and me and says, “A total of six families is involved.” 
I close my eyes thinking of five other families going through what we are going through.  
“Is that one of the families?” Leah asks.  
“I don’t know for sure, but I would guess it is.”  
Leah holds her belly, and I take her other hand.  
“Do you need a ride to Mason’s office?” Bruce asks. 
I say, “No, we have someone waiting for us outside.” 
“I’ll walk you to the door, then I’ll meet you over there. Mason said to park in the back and come in through the staff entrance.” 
“Thank you, Bruce. We appreciate it.” 
Gus and Dove are waiting in the car by the door when we exit the building. Once we are in the car, Dove asks, “Where to now?” 
I give them directions and Gus drives. No one says anything on the way there. I hold Leah’s hand. When we pull up at the back of Mason and Alec’s medical practice, I can see tears in Leah’s eyes. I know this is a lot of stress on her.  
“Baby, don’t cry,” I whisper into her ear. 
“I’m trying hard not to. I’m just so scared.” 
“I know, Baby. I wish I could do something.” 
“I just wanna get it over with.” 
Before we get out of the car, we see that Mason and Angel are standing at the back door.  
“Angel’s here.” 
“I can see that.” I open the door and help Leah out of the car. Mason and Angel walk over to us and Emma and Alec are right behind them.  
“You all should come in, we have lunch and there’s enough for everyone,” Angel says, reaching her hand out for Dove’s. “Hi, I’m Angel and this is my husband, Mason; his partner, Alec; and his wife, Emma.” 
Dove shakes her hand and introduces everyone to Gus.  
“Don’t you have patients?” Leah asks. 
“Not right this moment. We can’t have patients during a crisis of one of our friends,” Emma says as she hugs Leah. Gus parks the car and we all walk into the office. I smell Italian food as soon as the door opens. Bruce walks in the front door and locks it behind him.  
“Let’s get this done before we eat,” Mason says. 
Leah says, “Mason and Alec, you shouldn’t have gone to all this trouble.” 
They both laugh before Alec says, “Our wives went to all this trouble; they insisted and they wouldn’t have it any other way.” 
“The girls are right,” Mason says. “It’s good to be surrounded by friends at a time like this. I imagine it has been a very stressful time for you today.” 
“Yes, it has. People can be so insensitive.” Leah smiles for the first time in days. Mason and Alec swab our mouths and collect a small amount of Jamie’s hair from the baggie. They are careful to take only the amount they need. They know we’ll never be able to replace the hair they take. Once we give the samples, they label it and get it packaged to send out. We then join everyone in the waiting room. Mason and Angel’s twins are running around, and Emma and Alec’s kids are chasing after them. Dove is holding Emma and Alec’s baby, Jackson. We have Italian food that they had catered in from Mamma Onesties.  
Mason and Angel come over and sit with us.  
“How are you doing?” Angel asks. 
“Not well. It just feels like a bad dream that I can’t wake up from,” Leah admits.  
A night terror would be a better phrase.  
“I’m not only worried about Jamie not being ours, but now, I’m scared to deliver this baby in a hospital. What if this happens again? I honestly don’t think I could live through this twice.” 
I had no idea that Leah feared this. I don’t think I could live through it again, either.  
“Mason said that with our next child, he’s marking them with a permanent marker as soon as they are born.” 
We all laugh, but I think that’s a great idea. I put that thought to memory.  
Mason says, “I am. I’m putting an X on the tops of their tiny hands and maybe on their foreheads, too. I’m still deciding on the forehead location.” 
Angel laughs. “Their hands, yes, but their foreheads is an absolute NO!” 
Bruce comes over and sits down next to us. “This is nice, but I need to get back to work.” 
I say, “Thank you, Bruce, for everything.” 
“I haven’t done anything yet, but you’re very welcome.” 
“Try to not worry about things you have no control over this week.” He looks at me and then at Leah. “I know, it’s not that easy. I’ll call you when we get the results and we’ll go from there.” 
“Thank you so much for everything,” Leah says as she stands to hug Bruce. 
Mason walks Bruce to the door and I can see the family resemblance.  
On the way home, I ask Gus to stop by the florist that’s beside the cemetery. I need to spend some time with Jamie. He doesn’t argue and he doesn’t say anything. Gus is a good friend and we go way back to high school. He and Dove don’t have children; they decided early on before they were married that they didn’t want children. I can respect that although I can’t imagine my life without children in it. Leah and I walk into the florist shop and Leah buys assorted wildflowers and I buy the pink roses for Jamie that I always get for her. We walk outside and tell Gus and Dove we’ll meet them at the cemetery. Leah and I hold hands and walk across the street to Jamie’s final resting place.  
Gus pulls up beside us quickly and yells, “Get in.” 
Without hesitation, I open the back door for Leah and get into the car after her. “What’s up?” 
Gus quickly pulls off and says, “They found her.” 
“Who found who?” I ask in confusion. What the hell is he talking about? 
“Look,” Gus says, driving slowly along the side road that runs parallel to Jamie’s cemetery plot.  
Leah cries out and I see about a half dozen photographers near her tombstone, snapping pictures. “Why are they doing this?” Leah asks. 
“It’s all about a story, Leah,” Dove whispers.  
Leah wipes away the tears that continue to fall. “Why now? Don’t they want to wait until after the results are in to taunt the families?” 
“I’m so sorry, Leah. Each reporter is assigned a family to torment from now until the results are revealed. It’s not just you; it’s every family involved in the baby swap.” 
“If they want a story, I’ll give them a story.” Gus parks the car and says, “Give me the flowers.” He holds his hands out, and Leah gives him the flowers for Jamie’s grave. He says, “Stay in the car.” 
He opens his door and walks over to Jamie’s grave.  
I say, “Stay in the car, Leah. Dove, get in the driver’s seat. If they walk over here, take off.” 
“Bobby, no.” 
“Dove, I mean it. Take off if they start coming near the car. I love you, Leah.” I open the car door and close it before Leah has time to say anything.  
I walk to the gravesite and when the reporters see me, they begin running towards me. I know Gus’ plan was to take the brunt of the media’s hassle, but Jamie is my daughter and I want everyone to know that. The reporters get closer and hold out their microphones and cameras towards me. I wait for the last reporter before I say something.  
“You want a statement?” 
“We do,” several people say in unison. 
“I’ll give you one, on one condition.” 
“We’re listening.” 
“You stay away from my daughter’s grave and you stay away from my wife. If you promise to do that, I’ll make a statement. If you can’t, I’ll beat the shit out of you, one by one.” I hear laughter and they think I’m kidding. Gus walks towards me and I know that he understands I’m serious.  
“Okay, Bobby, we can do that,” a woman says from the back of the crowd.  
“Thank you, I appreciate that. But can everyone do that? You can badger me all you want, but please respect my daughter and my wife.” 
I see everyone nod.  
“Thank you. First, I want to say, this is a very personal, trying, and difficult time for all of us. I’ll answer one question from each of you, and then I’m done. If I see any of you go against your word, you’ll soon regret it.” 
“What will you do if you find out Jamie isn’t your biological daughter?” someone asks. 
“Nothing. Jamie will always be my daughter, NO MATTER WHAT!” 
“Will you seek custody of the other child if you are proven to be her parents?” 
I have no idea. I haven’t even considered that. “Right now, my wife and I believe the baby swap won’t affect us once the results come in. We do have empathy for the families who will be affected by this permanently.” 
“How can you be so certain that Jamie is your biological daughter?” 
“Do you have children?” I ask. 
“Yes, I have three.” 
“Then you’ll understand. It’s a feeling, we just know that Jamie is our child.” 
“How will this affect your wife’s current pregnancy when she delivers?” 
“I plan to mark the baby with a permanent marker immediately after birth,” I say with a serious face. 
Everyone laughs and I keep a straight face. 
“You’re serious about that?” someone asks.  
I ask, “Is that your one question?”  
“It is.” 
“I am very serious. I don’t want the chance for something like this to happen to us again. If the hospital can’t give the right baby to the correct mother, then I’ll do my part to make sure that we, at least, get the right baby.” 
Leah
I watch as Robert and Gus stand at the cemetery surrounded by reporters. Dove is in the driver’s seat waiting for the signal from Robert to leave. Dove says, “I think he’s giving them a statement or an interview.” 
“Why would he do that?” 
“He’s bartering with them.” 
After several minutes, the reporters begin to disperse and Robert and Gus walk over to where we are.  
“What just happened out there?” I ask. 
“Robert just negotiated,” Gus says as he waits for Dove to slide over into the passenger seat. 
I ask in confusion, “Negotiated what?”  
“Your and Jamie’s freedom,” Robert says thoughtfully.  
Gus drives the short distance and puts the car into park. “Take your time, we’ll wait here.” 
“Thanks, Gus, Dove,” Robert says as he holds open my car door for me. He takes my hand and walks me to Jamie’s gravesite. The flowers I bought for Jamie are lying neatly near her tombstone where Gus placed them. I give Robert his pink roses he picked out. Mrs. Ford, the owner of the flower shop, always keeps these flowers in stock for Robert and me.  
I expected to see Jamie’s gravesite trampled on, but I am pleasantly surprised that it’s not. Robert kisses his flowers and sets them neatly on the grave. I do the same. We also say a prayer and gently touch her tombstone before leaving. “Do you think they’ll be back?” I ask. 
“Who?” 
“The photographers, or reporters, or whoever they are.” 
“I gave them an interview in exchange for them leaving you and Jamie alone.” 
“What about you? Won’t they harass you?” 
“I’ll be fine, Sweets. I imagine I’ll be working from home a lot this week.” 
As we pull into our gated community, we find several newspaper reporters camped outside waiting for a story. “This is going to be a problem for us, isn’t it?” I look at Robert for answers. 
“I’m afraid so. But as soon as the results are in, they’ll leave us alone and will go after the families who will be haunted by this, forever.” 
I shudder at the thought. “Those poor people.” 
We go home and invite Gus and Dove in for dinner. They decline, saying that we have had a busy day. We have. Robert and I have chicken breasts and salads for dinner.  
After dinner Robert watches television and I get on my laptop. I use Google to search “babies switched at birth.” I read about the two girls switched at birth in Russia. I shiver as I continue to read. Although the families decided to keep the child they were sent home with, they still visit with their biological child. They speak of how different their children are from being raised by someone else.  
I wonder what would happen to us. We would want to see our biological child. We would, wouldn’t we? Would we want custody of her? Would the other family want their child? Jamie’s gone. How will this work out for us and for them?  
I should close my laptop, but I don’t. I read another story. This one is about a family in the U.S. One girl’s family is deceased and the remaining survivors don’t want anything to do with their biological child. I shiver again. Why would they not want to see her? She’s their flesh and blood. I close my laptop and close my eyes. Jamie’s ours, I just know it. 
I am worried about the DNA test, but I want to feel close to Robert. I want to do something that will keep me from thinking about Jamie, at least for a little while. 
I go upstairs and change. When I walk into the family room, Robert is on the couch reading the newspaper.  
“Whatcha reading, Ace?”  
I’m wearing a red sports bra and red boy-cut panties. Robert looks over his newspaper at me. I watch as he lowers the papers and smiles. I thought my big pregnant belly would be less attractive to him, but he stares at me with lust in his eyes.  
“What are you doing?” he asks.  
“I thought I would work out. Is that all right with you?” 
“Are you going to wear that to work out in?” 
“I am.” I turn around so he can get a complete view. The word “Champ” is on the butt of my panties. He stands up quickly and starts walking towards the stairs. “Where are you going?” I ask. 
“I’m working out with you. I have some penned-up energy I need to burn off.” 
I wait for Robert and before we begin our workout, he blasts the “The Eye of the Tiger” on the surround sound and I laugh.  
He turns it down and asks. “Is there something funny you’re laughing at, Leah?” He tries to look serious but smirks.  
“No,” I lie. 
 “Because it looks like you’re laughing at my choice of music.” 
“Nope. I love this song. I was just wondering how many times you think you have heard it.”  
He thinks for a minute and says, “I honestly have no idea.” 
“This is the only song you listen to, right?” 
“It is.” 
“Three or four hours a day, five days a week?”  
“Sounds about right.” 
“For five years?” 
“Or eight years.” 
“You have been listening to the song for eight years?” 
“Or nine,” he laughs. 
Robert holds the bag while I hit it. He instructs me on the right way of doing it. It feels good to be able to hit something after a day like we had. My mind keeps drifting back to the nurse at the hospital and I can still see Jamie’s fine hair falling onto that nasty, dirty, linoleum floor. I hit the bag as hard as I can one last time.  
Robert and I make love after my workout and I go upstairs to relax in a bubble bath. He comes up shortly after his shower and joins me in the bath.  
Later that night, I call Dove and ask her if she wants to fill in for me at the shop this week. She is more than happy to, although she says she’s won’t know what to do. I call Bethany and let her know that Dove will be helping out this week with her. Once my week at work is covered, I read the next story in Jamie’s bedtime storybook. It was one of her favorites and is titled “Love You Forever.” I hold the book to my chest and cry myself to sleep. I don’t wake when Robert finally comes to bed. When I wake up, it is to the sound of my alarm. Robert is already out of bed. The only way that I know he was even in bed is because Jamie’s bedtime book is on his nightstand. My heart still hurts from crying myself to sleep.  
I dress and find Robert in Jamie’s room. He is sitting on her bed with some of Jamie’s baby pictures scattered around him. It looks like he’s been crying or perhaps he hasn’t been to bed yet, I’m not sure. He looks away when he sees me and clears his throat. I walk further into the room and pick a picture off of the bed. It’s a picture of Jamie and Robert at Jamie’s baptism when she was an infant.  
“I love this picture,” I say honestly.  
Robert looks over at me with red eyes. He smiles a sad smile when he sees the picture I am holding.  
“I love her. I loved her from the first second I saw her. Leah, if she isn’t ours…” 
“She is, Robert. We have to believe that. We have to believe that she is ours.” I sit on the bed and I hold him. We both cry. It hasn’t even been 24 hours yet since we submitted the DNA and we are both a mess. I honestly have no idea how we’ll make it through a week of uncertainty. Grieving the loss of a child is a process that begins the day your child passes and ends the day the parents join him or her. 
Robert and I stay home and go through Jamie’s things from her short three years of life with us. We go through her clothes in the closet and in her drawers, her artwork that’s in her coloring books, and photos. We smile, laugh, and cry. The black cloud hovers over me everyday waiting to consume me. Robert does his best to help me. Life is a battle and Robert keeps telling me it’s a life worth fighting. I would rather have had Jamie for three years than to never have had her at all. I just never imagined that we would have had her for only the three years. Parents are never supposed to bury their children, and yet they do. Now, to have to wait to find out that she may not have been ours to begin with is past unfair — it’s just plain cruel. 
I force myself to eat something although I’m not hungry. Robert works out and I sit outside by the pool with a lemonade. The sun feels good and I realize how much I have missed doing this. Vitamin D from the sunshine is a good way to help fight depression.  
When Robert is done working out, he jumps into the pool with a splash. When he resurfaces, he splashes me. He laughs his boyish laugh and it makes me laugh, too. I get out of the chair and waddle over to him. He helps me into the water and carries me around the perimeter of the pool, cradling me like an infant. He laughs when my belly pokes out of the water. “He’s getting big,” Robert says.  
“He is,” I agree.  
“We probably need to start shopping for a baby bed and things. Do you want to do that later?” 
“I don’t want to leave the house,” I say as I lightly splash water on Robert’s arm.  
“That’s the beauty of shopping online. We can do it from the comfort of our own home.” 
“Ace, that sounds like a plan.” 
Robert and I buy the baby some things, but we both decided we would like to use Jamie’s old baby bed. I was afraid to mention it to him, so I was glad when he mentioned it first. I let him believe it was his idea.  
“What are you smiling at?” he asks.  
“I’m just glad we decided to use Jamie’s baby bed.” 
“Me, too. I would like to paint and get the nursery ready for the baby.” 
I smile at Robert and cuddle into him. “Me, too, let’s start on it tomorrow.”  
“Sounds good.” 
Robert reads a story from Jamie’s storybook and I fall asleep in the middle of it. It’s a good sign that I’m relaxed. I sleep cuddled into Robert. I always sleep better when I’m touching him. His hand rests on my belly and I can feel the baby kicking. I don’t stir. He moves his hand to the spot the baby kicked and the baby kicks again.  
“What are you doing?” I rasp.  
“Playing with my baby.” 
I smile and say, “Could you wait until morning? It’s night time and momma and baby need their sleep.”  
The baby kicks his hand again and we both laugh. “I think he has his nights and days mixed up.” Robert leans in and kisses me before he kisses my belly.  
“I love you both,” he says before rolling over.  
“We love you, too.” 
A few days later, I wake up to Robert’s cell phone ringing. He quickly leaves the room before answering it. “Hey, Bruce,” he says before the door shuts all the way. I assume Bruce is calling because the DNA results are in already. I walk into the bathroom and pray that I am wrong. When I walk back into the bedroom, I can see the scared look in Robert’s eyes.  
“That was Bruce on the phone?” I ask. 
He walks over to me and gently leads me to the bed. I lean into him and he says, “It was. He called to tell us…”  
“The results are in?” I interject.  
“They are. He wants us in his office today at 1:00.” 
“Oh, God,” I say before running off into the bathroom. I suddenly feel sick to my stomach. 
There’s a tap on the door. “Leah?” Robert says before walking in.  
“Robert, please just give me a few minutes?” I ask as I continue to throw up in the toilet. 
He doesn’t leave. When I’m almost done, he hands me a cold, wet washcloth.  
“Thank you,” I say sincerely. 
I flush the toilet, wash my face, and brush my teeth before crawling back into bed. “I can’t do this. I’m not strong enough for this.” I lie in a fetal position and pull the covers up to my chest. 
He lies in bed with me and pulls me into him. “You can do it. We’ll do it together, Leah. You’re not alone.” 
“What if she’s not ours? What if Jamie belongs to someone else?”  
The black cloud is hovering over me. It wants to consume me and I can barely see the light. I close my eyes, thinking that will stop it from consuming me.  
“She belongs to us. She’s our daughter, and as soon as we get the results, we’ll never have to worry about it again,” Robert says.  
I take a deep breath and nod my head. He’s right. She’s our daughter and I know it. I can feel it in my heart. I say, “I want to go to the church before we go see Bruce.” 
Robert showers upstairs while I take a bubble bath. Usually, he would shower downstairs. I’m not doing a good job keeping it together today. I’m trying, but the black cloud is looming over my head. I feel like it’s going to wrap its nasty little tentacles around me and pull me in. I can barely see the light.  
Robert dresses in a black suit with a white shirt and a pink tie. Jamie was just three when she died, but she loved pink. I dress in a black knee-length dress and black heels. I look and feel like I’m in mourning.  
Before we leave, I grab Jamie’s stuffed animal Jack. I hold his fuzzy body to my face and breathe him in. He used to smell like Jamie, but he doesn’t any longer.  
The results are in early, but Robert doesn’t want to call anyone and tell them. He says it’s stressful enough with just the two of us. He’s right. I can’t imagine being around our parents before hearing the results. Everyone’s anxiety level will be high today.  
“Eat this on the way,” Robert says, handing me a granola bar and a bottle of water. 
“I’m not hungry.” 
“Please try for the baby? You haven’t eaten since yesterday.” 
I nod and fasten my seatbelt. “I’ll try the water first. I’m not sure I can hold it down.” 
“Something will be better than nothing.”  
We go to the church and pray. I pray, cry, and pray some more.  
“Leah, we need to go, or we’ll be late.” 
“I don’t care. I don’t want to go. I don’t want to know if Jamie’s our biological daughter or not. It won’t matter, so why do we have to know?” I know I’m irrational and I don’t care. Robert takes a deep breath and runs his hands through his hair. I choke on a sob. I know I’m causing him more pain. I can’t help it.  
He walks over and wraps me in his arms. He bends down and kisses the top of my head as I rest my head on his chest. I wipe away the tears, but they continue to fall. I want to be strong for him, but I can’t. I don’t know how to do that. I don’t know how to go on and act like everything will be all right.  
“Leah?” Robert says.  
“I know.” We slowly walk out of the church towards Robert’s Hummer.  
We go to the cemetery and visit Jamie. We tell her no matter what, she is our little girl and we will always love her. We drive to Bruce’s office mostly in silence. My sobs are the only noise breaking the silence. I walk into the office through blurred vision. I can barely remember how we got here. Robert and I are led into a conference room. Bruce is already there waiting for us.  
“I’m sorry we’re late, traffic was heavy,” Robert lies.  
“That’s all right. Do you need anything? Leah?” 
I shake my head no. I don’t look at him or say anything. I can’t see through the tears. 
“No, thank you,” Robert says as he pulls out a chair for me to sit on.  
When we are both seated, Bruce says, “I haven’t opened these yet.” I look at him; he is holding up two manilla envelopes. “We have the results from the hospital and also the results from Mason and Alec’s office. Once we have the results, then we’ll discuss a game plan if we need one.”  
I nod, again. I swallow the lump in my throat. I can’t talk.  
“Are you ready?” Bruce asks.  
Robert holds my hand and says, “We are.” 
My hands are sweaty and my knees are shaking up and down. Robert tries to slow the movement of my knees with his hands, but it doesn’t work. I hear the sound of the envelope from the hospital opening and I am still. I can’t move. I can’t breathe. Then he opens the envelope from Mason and Alec’s office. I wait for what feels like hours before Bruce speaks. I hear him say, “I’m sorry.” I scream. I don’t hear anything else. I already know what the results are. If she were our daughter, he wouldn’t have started a sentence off with, “I’m sorry.”  
He continues, “Jamie is not your biological child.”
Please follow Robert and Leah’s story in Against the Odds, Round Two: of The Fighting to Survive Trilogy.  
Books by Brenda Kennedy
Other books written by this author include: 
The Starting Over Trilogy 
Book One: A New Beginning 
Book Two: Saving Angel 
Book Three: Destined to Love 
The Freedom Trilogy 
Book One: Shattered Dreams 
Book Two: Broken Lives  
Book Three: Mending Hearts 
A Life Worth Fighting, is Round One of The Fighting to Survive Trilogy.  
Round One: A Life Worth Fighting 
Round Two: Against the Odds
Round Three: One Last Fight
Note
I support Indie Authors. If you read this book, please take the time to go to the purchasing site and give it a review. Independent authors count on your reviews to get the word out about our books. Thank you for taking the time to read our books and taking the extra time to review them. We all appreciate it very much.  
Disclaimer: People and places in this book have been used fictitiously and without malice. 
Acknowledgments
My husband, Rex: Thank you for supporting me and for coming with me on this ride. What a year it has been! I will always love you.  
My Children: Carey, John, Derek, Nikki, Chastidy, Rex, Brittany, Amanda, and Katie: Thank you for reminding me what is important every single day. I love you.  
My Grandchildren: Desmond, Samantha, Autumn, Evan, Derek, Dayquan, Darius, Draden, Alyssa, Hailey, Lucca, Tanner, Giovanni, Cain, Lelila, Kylie, DeVonte’, Adrienne, Amaya, Dominic, Damien, Caden, and Gemma: Thank you for reminding me that I am somebody; I am your grandma and nothing else matters. I love you all.  
My sisters and brothers: George, Martha, Rosa, Carla, and Frank: Thank you for your support. I love you. 
My other brother, David: Without you, I wouldn’t have been able to publish the first book. Thank you for making my ideas better and for all you do. Editing, proofreading, polishing, formatting, ideas, articles, and research websites. See, I do pay attention. Thank you. Thank you for pushing me until I get it right. Maybe someday, I’ll learn the right place to put the commas. I love you and I can never thank you enough. David writes collections of anecdotes such as The Funniest People in Comedy, and he retells classics in such books as William Shakespeare’s Macbeth: A Retelling in Prose. His books can also be found for sale on all leading online sale platforms.  
Thank you to my daughters Carey, Brittany, Amanda: Thank you for all your help at book signings, and with the book swag. I couldn’t have done them without you. 
A very special thank you to Amy Linda Valdez for sharing her memories with me about her son, Matthew Caden. I also used some of her quotes in my book with her permission. Caden, you have a very special Mom and I am glad to know her. R.I.P. and fly with the angels.  
Christina Badder, Owner and Operator of CBB Productions: My P.A., and my friend. Thank you for taking care of all of my promotional needs. The blog tours, author spotlights, book cover reveals, give-a-ways, Rafflecopters, Thunderclap campaigns, ARC’s, and everything that I don’t know that you do or things I forgot to mention. I hope you know how much I appreciate your hard work and dedication. Looking forward to actually maybe doing a book signing with you. Girl, I love your work and your dedication. You are so amazing and I am so glad I found you. I plan on keeping you, forever. 
Thank you to my Beta readers: There are too many to list and I don’t want to forget anyone. I appreciate you all, more than you know. I appreciate your honest opinions and reviews. I love the bond that we have developed and I appreciate that I can trust you. Thank you for encouraging me to write and for giving me ideas. You never disappoint. I love you guys! 
Thank you to “Brenda’s Street Talkers,” for pimping my books, making teasers and banners, and just for the support I receive from you every day. I love you girls.  
Thank you to all the bloggers who shared in the author’s spotlight and the blog tour for A Life Worth Fighting. I appreciate you more than you know.  
A very special thank you to my fellow author friends who help me every day, even when you don’t realize you are. 
To my readers: Thank you for reading and reviewing my books. Thank you to my loyal readers who have followed me from the beginning and to those who are new to my books.  
Info for David Bruce, My Brother
Smashwords (Books for Sale, and Free Books) 
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/bruceb 
Wordpress Blog 
https://davidbruceblog.wordpress.com 
About the Author
When I first started writing, I wanted to write about real people whom others could relate to with real-life problems and real jobs. I love to read about the billionaire 20-something-year-old, but knew this wasn’t the kind of story I want to write. When my first trilogy, The Starting Over Trilogy, took form, I was thrilled to be able to make the book as close to realistic as I could.  
I wanted to touch on real-life problems. Not because I want to show the weakness in my characters or to show the disturbing truth, but because I wanted to show my characters’ strengths. The Starting Over Trilogy dealt with domestic violence: a problem that is all too familiar to too many women and men.  
Next came The Freedom Trilogy, a spinoff of The Starting Over Trilogy. My book started off with the All-American military family and the real problems some face during deployment. I picked my daughter’s brain and used her real emotions during the deployment stage. Thank you, Amanda. Then it turned to drug abuse and rehabilitation. 
This book, A Life Worth Fighting, focuses on battles as a boxer and trying to move forward from the death of a child and depression. I hope to show Leah’s strengths and Bobby’s compassionate side while still showing the true battles of everyday life. 
I hope in my future books I am still able to continue to write about problems most of us face while continuing to give my characters their happily ever after, that they deserve. 
One a lighter note: I moved to sunny Florida in 2006 and never looked back. I love fresh squeezed lemonade, crushed ice, teacups, wineglasses, non-franchise restaurants, ice cream cones, boating, picnics, cookouts, throwing parties, lace, white wine, mojitos, strawberry margaritas, white linen tablecloths, fresh flowers, and Pinterest. I also love to read and write and to spend time with my family. 
My books, thus far, have been inspired by the things I love and the people who influence me, every single day, to be a better person. 
You may follow me on:  
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Brenda-Kennedy-Author 
https://twitter.com/BrendaKennedy_ 
Brendakennedy48@gmail.com 
https://www.goodreads.com/author/dashboard 
https://www.pinterest.com/brendakennedy06/ 

