A Long Goodbye
By: Kelly Mooney
Copyright 2012 by Kelly Mooney
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval systems, without prior written permission of the author except where permitted by law. This book is a work of fiction, and any resemblance to any person living, or dead, any place, events, or occurrences is purely coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author’s imagination.
CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
CHAPTER 1
ASHTON
All my life, I’ve known that something was out there waiting for me. Something that was way more exciting than just drinking sweet tea on the porch with Daddy every day. Just what, I had no clue. I wasn’t even sure if he’d even let me leave. He’d always kept a short, invisible rope tied so tightly around me, but it was finally time to pull out the scissors and cut myself free. Hell, I was twenty-two years old and have had only one boyfriend, three hangovers, and one, one-night stand.  And let’s just say that he wasn’t at all what he was cracked up to be. That boy and that night were one big, old disappointment, right up there with the summer that I lost my virginity. Heck, I honestly just chalked the first time up to nerves, but the second time, my one-night stand? It wasn’t the nerves at all. It was the poor boy whose last name I didn’t even remember.
Shouldn’t life be more adventuresome than this? I mean, heck, every time I turned on the television or opened a magazine, it seemed no one else had any problems finding love and having fun in the process. If I didn’t let my hair down and let loose soon, I wasn’t going to be able to make any promises on what I was going to do next. I think that was why I’d finally gotten up the nerve to ask, instead of right-out lie to him. It didn’t matter what I did. Somehow, Daddy always found out that I lied, and then he’d stick me with one of his pit-bull watchdogs to keep an eye on me. Even in college. If that wasn’t embarrassing, then I didn’t know what was.  Nothing like walking into a frat house with GI Joe tailing behind you the whole night, while trying to find someone to take me home for a few torridly, sexy hours. I was not a slut. I was far from it, but just once, once I’d like to have a guy take me home and do things to me that I’d only dreamt about. Or do the things that Lu told me about.
Twirling my hair and popping my gum-the two things that annoyed Daddy to no end-was exactly how he found me, waiting for him on our porch swing.
He sat down and nestled his arm behind me, tugging me to him until my head rested on his shoulder. “All right, Sugarplum. What did you want to talk to me about?”
I breathed in deeply before I started. “You see, Daddy, I was talking to LuLu about going on a little road trip with me this summer.”
He tensed, tightening his grip. “Sugarplum, you know how I feel about that girl. I don’t think it’s a good idea at all. Now, if you’ll excuse me.” He stood, his eyes showing disappointment as they always did when I brought something up that he didn’t approve of.
Feeling brave and fed up, I stood and stomped my foot on the ground like a spoiled two-year-old brat. “I’m going, Daddy. You can’t stop me. And Lu’s been nothing but a wonderful friend to me.” Problem was that Daddy didn’t like or trust LuLu. But I loved her, so he let me keep her in my life. Heck, we’d been friends since the second grade when we sat next to each other at lunch. All the girls carried their lunch in a sweet tin lunchbox with My Little Pony, or Strawberry Shortcake on them, except LuLu. She carried nothing. I felt so bad that I gave her my sandwich and apple. I could still remember how she didn’t want to accept it, but then a few seconds later, she had gotten too hungry, so she simply smiled brightly and ate every last bite of that sandwich, but she made me eat the apple. We’ve been inseparable ever since.
Daddy turned, both hands gripping my shoulders. “Ashton Grace, just who do you think you’re speaking to?”
I wasn’t backing down, not this time. “I’m not a child anymore, and I want to have some fun for once. I’m sick of doing nothing with my life. I want to work, date, and go to the movies with my friends without you thinking that something awful is going to happen. Daddy, please, just this once, I’m begging you.” I would get down on my hands and knees for this one opportunity to be free for a few weeks without the worrisome eye of William Winslow watching me. At this point, if he didn’t agree, I was willing to pack it all up and run off to California or someplace far away. But still, I wanted his approval more than anything else.
His eyes bored into mine, just staring like he wasn’t even paying attention. Then he pulled away abruptly, but not before he said, “Give me the details and I’ll think about it. I expect a printed itinerary of everything before I agree. And Sugarplum, I’ll want to have a word with Lulubelle, also.”
“Yes, Daddy. I promise I’ll have it ready for you within a few hours.” With that, he left me standing on the front porch feeling so darn giddy that I pinched myself to make sure it was real. Because even I knew that, after all these years that once Daddy committed to ‘thinking about it’ it meant yes.
I’d always felt sorry for Daddy and understood where he was coming from when it came to me. He’d become overbearingly protective around the time I turned three, or so I’d been told. My grandmamma sat me down one night and told me the whole sorry story right before my sweet sixteen ball. Of course, I’d seen pictures of my mama throughout the house, but I never knew her. I never got that chance. Shortly after my delivery, my mama died from a hemorrhage. She got to hold me for all of five minutes before they realized that something was drastically wrong. Daddy and I were ushered out of the hospital room so they could save her. They failed.  
From what my Grandmamma told me, my daddy couldn’t even bear to be around me, let alone look at me, until I was three. My grandparents moved close by to raise me and had the help of a new nanny every few years. I knew it pained him to look at me. I looked exactly like her, except for my smile. That was all from Daddy’s side. I always wondered how different my life would’ve been had she lived. Would she have allowed me to date, or go off to college like all my friends? 
Instead, I was a commuter student forced to come home every day after classes and only attended parties that he approved of. Every day, I traipsed back and forth between classes for four years until I finally had my degree in education. Daddy wanted me to go into business, but my education was the one thing I stood my ground on. I wanted to be a teacher, and I was sure as ticks took to dogs that I’d already have a job if I’d have let him have anything to do with it, but I wouldn’t allow it. I wanted to do this on my own, not have him pull those fancy strings of his that he so desperately wanted to. 
It’s early summer, and a few of my applications had been mailed to schools within a reasonable drive. I’d already been called in for one interview, and although I think I nailed it, I hadn’t received a call back. At least, not yet.
A while later, I found Daddy in his office. He labored over paperwork with a glass of Bourbon dangling from his hand. He looked up as he heard me walk in. “Sugarplum.” He smiled.
Inching my way over nervously, I stretched out my shaky hand to give him the itinerary for my trip with LuLu. I was praying that he’d say yes to Miami since I’d never been, and was dying to see why so many famous people flocked there. I had a sinking feeling that he’d pick Nashville instead. LuLu and I figured we’d throw down two options that we knew we could live with. I wanted South Beach and bikinis. She wanted Nashville and cowboys. Either way, I’d take whatever trip he allowed. I could work with cowboys and line dancing just as easy as I could dance in stilettos while sipping fruity Mai Tai’s. 
LuLu constantly rained on my parade and told me to grow a pair when it came to him, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I was all he had, and he made sure that I knew that. It never stopped me from loving him wholeheartedly. He’d given up so much to make sure that I had everything a girl could possibly want. The only problem was that as I got older, ponies and cotton candy had become something of the past, no matter how much he fought it. I was all grown up, and I wanted to fall in love, deeply in love, the kind of love that would make my head spin just by looking at him. Heck, I didn’t care if he came from the same ritzy cloth as me, or if he lived in a teepee on a reservation, as long as he only had eyes for me. 
The one boyfriend I did manage to have, and only because Daddy approved of his family, apparently cheated on me the entire time we’d gone out. It seems the whole town knew, except for Lu and me. When she overheard some bar whore talking about Toby Brooks and ‘her barely being able to walk afterwards’ speech, Lu came right over and told me everything. Although, come to find out from Toby when I was breaking up with him, LuLu not only smacked him silly, but also chucked the poor girl’s drink in his face. Personally, I was surprised Lu and I didn’t go all Carrie Underwood “Before He Cheats” on his ass, but I decided to take the high road, even though that damn high road hadn’t gotten me terribly far yet.
I just wanted to know how it felt to have my heart pitter-patter, my knees to buckle, and the need to catch my breath at just the sound of his voice calling out my name. 
Unfortunately, Daddy had him all picked out for me already. His name was Trevor Owens, and he was everything I didn’t want. He was a big, ol’ Mama’s boy (yeah, I know that’s the pot calling the kettle black), but in a boy, it was just downright not attractive. He didn’t have one physical flaw other than that. Not one. His teeth were perfect after four years of braces; his hair was always meticulously manicured, along with his nails that he had taken care of every few weeks at a local salon. He drank expensive wine and scotch, and smoked cigars when his mama wasn’t looking. 
He’d had a thing for me since back in high school. His eyes and hands were both greedy when it came to me, but sadly for the both of us, he just wasn’t what I wanted. It didn’t help that it was a known fact that he had a wandering eye along with another body part. The guy for me will have flaws, maybe even more than one. I don’t want to seem picky, but I don’t want him to be perfect either. I’d had perfect my whole life, and I wanted to change that starting with this trip. Besides, perfect was darn right boring. It was time to let my hair down. Way down.
CHAPTER 2
DANE
I’d been back from my tour for almost six months. The nightmares hadn’t stopped, no matter how much liquor I drank before bed. It was different this time. It was my third tour, each one lasting about ten months. My Army brothers and I would go in, do what we did best; day in and day out, and always came home together. Unfortunately, my best friend, one I went to basic with, lived with, and loved like a real brother, hadn’t made it back this time. 
It wrecked me to come home without him. To have to speak to his family, to bear the news of how their son died. But, I insisted on being the one to tell her. I spoke to his mother and then his wife over the phone from Germany about his unwavering courage and cast iron will to the end. Each word gutted me, knowing that he died protecting the guys and me. He died in my arms. All the training we’d received, and I still couldn’t save my best friend.
 My tour had four months remaining when it all went down, and I’d wanted to complete it, not give in, but I’d made a promise on the hot, war-torn street that fateful day. That day would haunt me forever.
Every night, I could hear him in my sleep, screaming for me to take cover. Instead, I forged ahead, willing to risk death in order to be by his side. Once I made it to him, he murmured that I was a bastard for coming after him, but I wouldn’t have had it any other way. Looking at him lying there helpless, I wanted to die alongside him. He was my best friend and one of the greatest men I’d ever known. Hell, I would probably never meet another one like him. And I didn’t know how I was going to go home without him by my side, cracking jokes like he always did to ease the tension. 
“Promise me, Woody,” he mumbled, his voice strained. I gripped his hand tight in mine. “Promise me you’ll go home and never come back to this hell hole.” I shook my head to say no, but how could I not grant his one last request? His glassy, almost lifeless eyes stared into mine. “Woody, promise me.” He was breathing hard, blood dripping from his fatigues and the sides of his mouth.
“I promise, AJ, I promise. I need you to hold on for a few more minutes until a medic can get in. Can you do that for me?” His hand started to wilt in mine, and I knew I only had a few seconds to tell him. “I love you, man,” I cried out. AJ smiled, but barely, and then he was gone. After that, I didn’t remember anything else. 
The next time I woke up, I was strapped down in a small aid station in Bagram waiting to be Medevac’d to a hospital in Germany. It turned out that I wasn’t so lucky after all, but AJ got his wish, at least, for a short time. Turns out an IED had been close by and someone had triggered it just as I was saying good-bye to AJ. When I woke up, the doctor told me that I’d been shot twice in the leg, had taken shrapnel to various parts of my body, and had suffered a few broken bones. It could have been a hell of a lot worse. I was one of the lucky ones. My family begged me to come home and get out, but I couldn’t. I had a job to do, and my Dad didn’t raise me to be a quitter.
Thinking back, my Dad really prepared me for being a soldier, the man I am today. My father led with his heart and made sure his sons did too. By the early age of eight, I had already learned how to fish, hunt, chop wood, swim, run the tractors, and tend to the horses alongside my brothers. My father preferred us working the farm versus hiring strangers, not to mention it taught us something a lot of kids didn’t learn. We learned early on how to put in an honest day’s work. And not one of us ever minded. In fact, those times made me the man I am today.
By age ten, I could shoot with the hand-me-down rifle from my brother straighter than my dad could. I was pretty sure any one of us could survive on our own if need be. I knew early on that I wanted to enter a branch of the military. I didn’t care which one when I was younger. Maybe it was the sight of Old Glory waving in the wind from the front porch, or maybe, I just wanted to do something important with my life. I never wanted the easy path. I wanted to work hard and make my family proud of me.
Two months later, when the docs finally had me patched back up, I immediately requested to finish my tour with my platoon. I came here with them, and I was going home with them. So that’s what I did. I finished up and the rest of my tour and then went home for some much deserved R and R. I didn’t re-enlist after my time was up; I went to work for my big brother and his somewhat small, successful, private securities company. Jason was an ex-cop. He thought he’d go into the police force and help save the world, or at least our little town. 
He didn’t have it him to stay with the force. He went on and on about how dishonest the people that he worked with had been. How it seemed that everyone had a hand dipped in someone else’s pocket, or had some sort of political agenda. Sometimes he’d say, “You can’t play the straight and narrow when everyone around you is running in circles.” So, he left and went out on his own to keep his integrity intact. 
My brother Jason’s number flashed on my cell for the fifteenth time today, and interrupted my thoughts. I was holed up at one of my favorite fishing holes, drowning away my sorrows with a few fish and a bottle of SoCo. 
Unfortunately, my spot wasn’t so special anymore, seeing as how other people were fishing here too. Back in the day when my dad would take me, we’d sit for hours upon hours shooting the shit until he felt confident in the haul we were bringing home to mama. It wasn’t like that anymore. It hadn’t been for a long time. 
The one thing I enjoyed was fishing alone. Unfortunately, this one guy sidled up on his half-broken Coleman chair next to me. He didn’t grasp the fact that I wanted to be alone and started yapping his gums about a half hour ago. And, of course, he was a bartender fishing on his day off. I made the mistake of telling him that I just got home from duty six months before, and he’d become a painful reminder of why I kept it to myself. I got it. It was your job to keep patrons entertained, talking the depression out of everyone that needed talking to, but it wasn’t for me. I didn’t talk then, and I wasn’t talking now. In fact, I hated talking about my time overseas. Period.
Unhappily, I answered. “What’s up?”
“Where the hell are you? I’ve been calling you all day.”
“Busy. What do you need Jay?”
“I gotta job I need help with. A favor I owe. He wants someone skilled at tracking without being seen. I don’t have time for this one. Can you help a brother out? It pays well.”
I blew out an exasperated breath, contemplating his offer for a measly second. I needed the money, and he knew it. “What kind of job are we talkin’ here?”
“A princess stakeout, man. His daughter wants to let loose, and Daddy doesn’t want her to.”
“Fuck, man. C’mon, I don’t want to deal with shit like that right now. Give me something easier,” I said, hoping he’d give me some cheating-ass husband whose feathers I could ruffle up for being a dirt ball, versus a real man.
“D, man, this is fucking easy, and you already know who it is. At least you met her a couple years back. It’s Ashton Winslow and her friend, LuLuBelle Trainor.”
Fuck!
“What’s at stake?”
“Nothing. Just a hell of a lot of money to make sure they get home in one piece, and untouched. If you know what I mean.”
Shit! The last thing I wanted was to be in on this job, but staying busy was better than keeping company with Southern Comfort and Jack Daniels. 
“All right. I’m in.”
I could hear him sigh in relief through the phone. “Old Man Winslow will be expecting you tomorrow morning. The girls are heading out on Saturday. It’s a two-week job with all expenses paid. He’ll meet you in the back of his barn at eight a.m. Make yourself invisible.”
I didn’t answer, just took it all in as I stared into my half-empty bottle. Shit! Guess there goes the big fishing trip I had planned for the weekend.
“Dane, you there?”
“I’ll be there. Call you when I’m finished.”
That’s just what I needed right now, a fucking babysitting job to the top bitch of South Carolina. Jason was right; it had been years since I met the exclusive Ashton Winslow. She was beautiful, even back then; I’d give her that. I still remembered her as if I had a Kodak picture burned in my mind. She’d flicked her hair over her shoulder and turned her nose up at our introduction, as if she were too good for us, and she’d only been about fourteen at the time. She must be at least in her early twenties by now, and I felt sure, still all high and mighty too. Now, LuLuBelle, she was another story. I never could quite figure out the two of them being together so much. LuLu had a wild reputation around these parts for being ‘extra friendly’ to the entire male population of Charleston. 
Everyone round these parts knew that she used Ashton’s daddy to keep herself from entering sin city without everyone knowing her business, since Mr. Winslow was a State Congressman. Ashton was Lu’s personal get out of county jail free card whenever she got in trouble.  Those two were inseparable, although, for an outsider looking in, they went together about as well as oil and water, even back as kids. Part of me was getting a little excited to see what had become of that famous duo. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad after all.
~~~
I hadn’t been to this house in forever. Or, at least it seemed that way. The last time I was here, it was for a big ol’ southern barbeque. My folks and we kids were invited to rub elbows with the finer people of Charleston as a payback for some job my father did for Mr. Winslow. My mother had it in her mind that we’d enjoy ourselves. The only things I enjoyed were the food and the unending supply of Pabst Blue Ribbon. 
I could tell Old Man Winslow didn’t actually enjoy us Woods boys being there, but he enjoyed my mother’s presence. That much was obvious. Apparently, they had some quickie romance back in high school that he’d still remind her about whenever she was in earshot. Dad didn’t like it much, but he put up with it for some reason. That always bothered me since we were always taught not to take shit from anybody. That very reason had been buried along with Dad for almost two years now, when his body couldn’t fight the cancer growing inside his belly. 
With my pickup parked on the street, I made my way down the long, mossy, tree-lined road that led to the barn. I’d had explicit instructions to make my presence unknown to anyone on the premises other than old Bill Winslow. I quickly scanned the perimeter of the property before dodging behind a few trees as I made my way to the rear of the old mansion. There were rumors around town that the Winslow house dated back as far as the civil war and had soldiers buried throughout the property, and looking at it now, those rumors were probably true. It was in pristine shape on the outside with towering white pillars lining the front porch, and was bigger than my mama’s whole place. It even had a big, old, wooden two-seater swing. Something about it always screamed out old and historical even with the fresh coat of white paint that he had put on every five years. It was a true southern plantation.
The strong smell of manure and hay hit my nose as the barn came in view. A neigh here and there sounded as well, and brought a rare smile to my face. Stuffing my hands in my Levi’s, I pressed forward, hoping this job was going to be as easy and as painless as Jason promised. If anything, it’d get my mind off of not being back in there fighting for Uncle Sam and AJ. 
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t Dane Woods in the flesh.” Old Man Winslow stopped in front of me with a huge grin on his face and a pipe dangling from his yellowed teeth. “Glad to have you back safe and sound, Son. How is everything with you these days?”
I flinched when his eyes grazed over my face staring for one second too long at my scar. “I’m fine, Sir. Would like to be back with my troop, but I made a promise to my mama and best friend. So, here I am.” I moved to the side to pet one of the horses that had shown some interest in me. “I hear you have a job for me, Sir.”
He patted my back, but left his hand there, squeezing my shoulder. “How’s that mother of yours? I haven’t seen in her a while.”
“She’s doing well, Sir.”
“Catherine must be tickled pink that you’re home in one piece. She always hated when one of you boy’s got out of earshot, let alone off to fight a war.”
I turned. “She is, Sir. If we could move on from the pleasantries on to why I’m here, I’d appreciate it.”
He took a long pull at his pipe. “Still a straight shooter I see. Always liked that about you.” He opened the stall, handed me a brush, and then pulled the chestnut horse out. He attached her bridle to the two silver tie rings hooked into the walls, racked her up, and then nodded for me to brush her down. I did. It’d been a long time since I took care of an animal of this magnitude. My folks got rid of all of our horses years ago when it started getting too costly to keep them.
“I don’t have to tell you how important my baby girl is to me, do I, Son?”
“No, Sir.”
He sighed deeply as if something troubled him. “She wants to have some fun. I’m going to be sure that she gets it just this once. You see, Boy, I have a plan all lined up for my baby girl, whether she likes it or not. I figure it’s best to let her get whatever the hell it is out of her system now. I reckon she wants to sow those wild young oats of hers.” He paused to eyeball me. “Just as long as they’re not too wild.” Slowly he walked around and stood in front of me. “That’s where you come in. I’ve booked two rooms. You’ll be staying right next to her and Lulu. You’ll have to be careful. You’re brother assures me this is where you’re at your best. Discreet.”
I placed the brush down on the wooden ledge behind me. “I try, Sir.”
“Ashton is not to know about this, Son. If she comes home unaware of our little arrangement, I’ll have a real nice bonus waiting for you. If she finds out? Well, let’s just say I won’t be using your brother’s services again, nor will anyone else in this county. You three boys will lose everything. Do you hear what I’m saying, Boy?”
“Loud and clear, Sir.” I heard him. I just didn’t understand what the hell he was talking about.
“Good. I have a car for you to use as well.” He handed over a manila folder stuffed with pictures and papers. I rifled through, quickly noticing several pictures of Ashton with some guy I sort of recognized. “No thanks, Sir. I’d like to use my truck. It’s outfitted for the assignment already.” I glanced through a few pictures, stopping on one specifically. “Who’s this?”
“Her future,” he said, but left it at that.
I nodded, getting ready to ask one more question. I swear I’d seen this dirtball around. “Sir…”
“Daddy, are you out there?” A voice boomed from outside the barn. Daddy Warbucks shoved me inside the stall, right before grabbing hold of the brush I placed down on the shelf. 
“There you are. What are you doing out here? You never come out here.”
“I just needed a minute.”
She made a sniffing noise. “Are you smoking that nasty old pipe, Daddy? I told you.”
“Settle down, Sugarplum. I had a moment of weakness. Forgive me.”
“Of course. I can finish brushing her down if you’d like?”
“Nonsense. Let’s go inside. This heat’s too oppressive this morning. I’ll have Teddy finish.”
That voice. I couldn’t tell if I liked the sound of the way she almost purred with every word, or if that slow southern drawl was gonna to be the death of me. It was raspy with just the right touch of southern sweetness to it. I wiped away a few loose pieces of straw from my jeans once the coast was clear. I studied one of the pictures of Ashton still in my hand. Before shoving it back into the folder, I couldn’t help but grin, noticing just how nicely that little girl had grown up. 
Damn!
I was back home for some time when my front door swung open. “Tell me it isn’t true?” Josh, the baby of the family, bellowed out before he pulled the beer from my hand and took a long ass swig. 
“Tell you what isn’t true?” I grabbed it back, but it was polished off. I reached in the icebox to grab two more. Handing him one, he just grinned. “Jay told me, bro. Ashton fucking pole-up-her-ass Winslow and Lulu, I think I put-something-up-her-ass-once Trainor.” He grinned, scratching the few hairs he was able to grow on his chin.
I smacked him upside his head. “Shut the fuck up. It’s a job.”
“You want company? Because Lulu and I go way back, and I wouldn’t mind another ride on that fabulous piece of…”
I smacked the backside of his head again. “Is that all you think about? And before you answer that, my answer to you is no. This is a one-man gig. I can’t risk getting caught, so your dick can get its ride from someone else.”
He acted hurt, holding onto his chest. “Brother, do you even know me? I don’t need little ol’ LuLubelle to give me a ride. Plenty, and I mean plenty, of ladies are willing and able. I just thought you’d like the company. Because it’s gonna be the most boring, lame, and ridiculously straight laced job ever.”
“I’ll take my chances.” I flicked on the TV, and then flopped on the couch. He still stood there, drinking his beer. “Did you need something else?”
“Umm…I kinda need a place to crash tonight. Mama’s pissed and kicked me out.”
One shake of my head, and he held his hands up. “In my defense, I didn’t know it would piss her off to take her car for a joyride.”
“Why is she pissed about that?”
He wiggled his eyebrows. “Cause she caught me and Jenny Campbell in the backseat, and let’s just say we were doing things no mother should see her son doing.”
“Jesus, you seriously need to get your ass in gear and get a place of your own, or maybe check into a sex rehab clinic.”
“Fuck that! Not when I have big brothers to take care of me.”
These times were the ones that I prayed that I was back with my boys. Instead, I made promises I didn’t want to keep and lost the one job that I was really fucking good at. At one time, I thought I had everything going for me, and I knew deep down that I had a lot to be thankful for, but I missed it. I missed my job. Most of all, I missed my best friend.
“Does Mama know you’re out here?”
“Of course she does. Nothing gets by her. You know that I caught her looking out the kitchen window, pretending she was washing the dishes in the sink.”
“Man, I can’t wait until some girl knocks you on your ass so hard you won’t be able to get back up.”
Josh plopped down on the recliner, gliding it back until he was lying down. “That ain’t ever gonna happen. I got way too much to go around to hand it all over to just one little lady.”
Not wanting to deal with him any longer, I started to make my way to my room and grabbed an old football sitting on the floor. “It’ll happen. And when it does, I’m just glad I’ll be here to witness it.” 
Quickly, I turned, lobbing the ball toward him, hoping to make the connection, but it sailed by him just as he laughed at me. “You better work on that arm,” Josh yelled out.
CHAPTER 3
ASHTON
“What do you mean you’re not coming, Ashton?” Lu yelled into the phone as I stuffed my legs underneath me, snuggling up to my favorite pillow on my bed.
“I know I promised Lu, but I can’t. Besides, we’re leaving in two days, so we can do it all in Nashville.”
“This is ridiculous. You are a grown damn woman, and you’re still letting him treat you like you’re ten.”
I took a deep breath before I blurted out the truth. “I have to go dinner with Trevor.”
“Are you kidding me?” she screamed into the phone. “I can’t believe he thinks you and that piece of slime-he’s not worthy of you by the way-should even be together. How does he not see that?”
I considered her question quietly in my head. What does my daddy see in him? Why Trevor? Why does he think he’s the perfect guy for me to settle down with? Is it his money, or I guess I should say, his family’s money? It most certainly couldn’t be for his strong values and a moral code since he doesn’t have any. Although, he had the whole town fooled. I’d heard his daddy and mama have the entire congregation at church believing he was the greatest catch in Charleston County. But it was all lies or at least that was the word around town and in my small circle of friends. 
“Ash, are you there?”
“Yeah, I am.”
“Well?”
“It’s just dinner. If going out with Trevor gets me to Nashville then so be it. It’ll be easy peasy. You’ll see.”
“Oh, please. Your daddy wants you to marry that SOB and you know it.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’m not. I’ll tell Daddy as soon as we get back. I just want to enjoy my time with you and without a dang chaperone for once.”
Lu cleared her throat. “Which I’m sure is killing him. You’re positive he isn’t sending someone with us, right?”
“He promised, Lulu, and he never breaks a promise to me. It’s just you and me, girly.”
“Yeah, well, don’t let that shit for brains feel you up under the dinner table or anything.”
I laughed at her reminder. He tried once before and at the most inopportune time too. A southern gentleman, he was not. “I’ll slug him good this time. You’ll be proud. Hell, even my mama would be.”
“Call me when you get home, okay?”
“Love you, Lu.”
“You too. Be good.”
~~~
After slipping out of the shower and getting myself ready, even though I didn’t want to go, I was prepared for my date. Carefully, I placed my mother’s diamond studs in my earlobes, and sat back on my vanity bench. Trevor liked my hair down, so I purposely had it up in a tight ballerina bun to irritate him. For a second, I felt bad for being so outright mean, but then again, I promised myself that as of Saturday, I was reinventing myself. Or at the very least, coming out of my shell for two weeks. Why not practice on Trevor? Although he’d have to do without a proper goodbye at the end of the evening, because I planned on giving one to every cowboy I met.
“Why, Ashton. You take my breath away,” Trevor said as I walked down the staircase to meet him. 
Could he be any more dull and unconvincing with his flattery? 
He was so obvious it was almost ridiculous that Daddy didn’t see through this fake façade of his. Trevor had a reputation worse than Lulu and that was saying something. I loved Lulu more than I’ve ever loved anyone, so I’d always overlooked her insatiable need for a man in her bed. She never apologized, hasn’t since she gave up her virginity to Wild Willy Fowler in the eighth grade. She knew what she wanted, and she went out and got it with no excuses. I worried about her. One day, I’m afraid she’ll come home broken and used, and realize that those boys only gave her one thing and one thing only. And it was not what she really needed, or what she was looking for. She needed love and trust, not a revolving bedroom door. She practically begged for it, only the boys thought it was all about the sex. It never was. 
LuLu’s mama was a train wreck—still was. She’d been bringing her clients from the strip club home since Lu was old enough to understand to hide when the bedroom door was locked. Her mama saw fit, seeing she needed to make a little extra money to put food on the table, or to buy Lu whatever it was she was begging for that week. Lu quickly learned and stopped begging, but for some reason her mama never got the memo. And her loser daddy skipped out way back when she was five years old. 
He still sends a birthday card every year with a five-dollar bill tucked inside. Even after all those years of him sending it, it never came from the same place. I didn’t know why, nor did she, but every year, she practically ran to the mailbox to find the same damn depressing thing every year. And every year, I knew I’d have to pull her out of her slump just as I did the year before. I knew deep down from the sadness on her face that she’d been hoping he’d tell her where he was, but he never did. 
I thought about hiring somebody to find him for her, but then thought that maybe it was best to let sleeping dogs lie and all that. I mean, what if he was one of those guys who were blissfully happy with his wife, 2.5 kids, a white picket fence, and a dog name Rover somewhere. That would be the life she’d always wanted, and it would kill Lu. And, I did my damnedest to make sure she never felt like that. 
I squared my shoulders. “Thank you, Trevor. Shall we get this over with?”
Daddy shot me a disenchanted expression that ripped at my core. Forcing a smile, I turned to Trevor. “Sorry, I had a bad day.” Trevor held out his arm for me to take, so I did, but not without inwardly cringing. Quickly, I sidestepped him for a brief second. “Sorry, Daddy it won’t happen again.” 
I planted a sweet kiss on his cheek. “You have a nice dinner, Sugarplum.”
“I’ll have her back by eleven, Mr. Winslow.”
Daddy waved him off as if it was no big deal. “No need, Son. Take your time.”
After dinner and his forever-roaming hands under the table, he insisted on taking me dancing. I loved to dance, but not with men like him. For heaven sakes, he didn’t even know how to line dance properly. Once inside, the music filled the room as we made our way toward the bar. Trevor knew everyone so he kept stopping and pulling me to his side several times to make sure he’d claimed me as his own tonight. I’d let him have tonight since I was leaving, and once I did, Trevor Owens wouldn’t ever cross my mind again.
The bar was crowded, but I couldn’t help notice a few loud boys to the rear shooting darts and throwing back shots of whiskey, singing along to an old Hank Williams song on the jukebox. They were sinfully adorable from what I could tell. The trio mesmerized me; it was like watching Honey Boo Boo or Montel Williams on the television, I couldn’t look away.
I knew the one noticed me staring, but I didn’t care. Trevor ordered me a martini even though I’d told him countless times I didn’t like them. Hell, I could shoot whiskey with the best of ‘em or even put back a few beers, but being a lady, I took my drink without complaining. As I continued to study the one that noticed me, he stepped forward talking to the other boy shooting darts. Quickly he peered over his shoulder, but turned before I was able to get a real good look. My eyes stayed trained on them as each one slipped out the side door a second later. It didn’t escape my attention that not one of those boys looked back at me, and all of them left their unfinished beers sitting on the ledge. Those times were when I wished that LuLu were here. She would have walked straight up to those boys and pulled them on the floor for a dance, one by one, before they even knew what hit them. 
I couldn’t wait for Nashville.
Trevor propped himself up by his elbow leaning in closer. So close I could smell his expensive aftershave, and it made my stomach queasy. “So, Nashville and LuLu on Saturday, I hear.”
“You heard right. It’s gonna be a great two weeks.”
“I still don’t see why you need to hang out with that girl. She’s going to get you in trouble one of these days, and even your precious daddy won’t be able to get you out of it.”
I stared him straight in his eyes, when all I really wanted was to chuck my expensive martini in his face. “I can handle myself, and so can Lu, and as far as my precious daddy goes, he loves me. I’m all he has and he listens to me, Trevor. I know you have him fooled for now, but don’t go off with your pistol half-cocked just yet.” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Ashton. We were made for each other. When you get back, I’ll be sitting down, drinking sweet tea with your daddy, and letting him know my intentions.”
I laughed out loud over the music. “We’ll just see about that, now won’t we?”
Trevor smiled, but I could tell it was fake since it didn’t reach his eyes that were now roaming the dance floor, watching a few girls shake what their mama gave them. I couldn’t blame him; their mama gave them a lot to shake.
Placing my drink on the bar, I flipped my cell out. Quickly, I typed out a message to Lu that I may need an extraction from the bar since someone other than me is occupying both of Trevor’s brains. Thankfully.
“You want to dance?” Trevor slipped his hand around my waist. 
“No, thanks, I just texted Lu to come get me. Feel free to stay.” Slowly, I slipped from his grip and took a step back. 
He broke that small gap by stepping to me. “Now why the hell would you do that, girl? I’ll take you home if that’s what you want.”
“It’s just I have so much packing to do and all. Do you mind?”
He stared me down for a few seconds longer than I liked, clicking his tongue with his teeth. “Sure thing, sweetness.”
Quickly, as we made our way to his shiny new BMW, I texted Lu to forget about picking me up. As we slipped inside, his engine came to life, and so did his Brad Paisley CD. His hand slinked over the console pulling my hand from my lap into his. “Did you enjoy dinner?”
I nodded. “Yes. Thank you,” I lied.
Slowly, he pulled up the driveway to my house. It was long and winding with towering, old Oak trees that had the most beautiful Spanish moss hanging from their limbs, dangling over the pavement. In my opinion, they’re the most romantic trees in the world. Sometimes when I can’t sleep, I just go out there and lie down underneath and look up at the stars for hours talking to a mama I never knew. 
When the car reached the top of the hill, Trevor put it in park before he leaned in for a kiss. My head snapped back almost banging into the car window. “I don’t think so, Trevor. You’re really nice and all, but I’d like to just remain friends if you don’t mind?” Once again, he was smiling at me, but it was cruel and I could tell he was up to something.
His body leaned closer to me. “I think I might need to give you something to remember me by for those two weeks you’re gone. What do ya’ say, Ashton? Let me kiss you goodnight?”
All I could smell was the beer coming off his breath and the words had come off sounding creepy. I slinked back some more, but it just caused him to lean in closer. We were nose- to-nose, but he didn’t cross the line and kiss me. “You’re mine when you get back, Ashton. Go have some fun with Lu, but I’ll be waiting for you to return, and when you do, you’re going to give me that kiss, sweetheart.”
My hand was on the door whipping it open before he could even say goodnight. I shivered as I walked up to the house knowing that he was watching me until I closed the porch door. 
“You’re home early, Sugarplum. How was your night with Trevor?”
I plastered on a fake smile. “It was great, Daddy.” 
He leaned down to kiss my cheek. “I like that boy, Ashton. He’d be real good to you. He’s a good man.”
“Yes, Daddy, I’m sure he would. If you’ll excuse me, I want to finish packing for my trip.”
“Of course. Good night, Sugarplum.”
“Good night, Daddy.”
Once alone in my room, I pulled out my suitcases already packed with everything I’d need to begin the best vacation ever. Lastly, I tucked my bucket list inside so I could get started on living the life I wanted.
CHAPTER 4
DANE
I was following her shiny little red Lexus a few cars behind. They had the top down, and, with the way that LuLu was dancing in the passenger seat, the music had to be cranked up loud. Quickly, I shoved a pinch of Skoal in my mouth and watched the car swerve every once in a while when Ashton got into the music too much. It was going to be a long ass ride following behind these two, but I maintained my distance. 
A few hours into the drive, they finally decided to stop for gas and food. I managed to stay back until they headed in. Stepping out into the heat with the extra tracking device in my hand, I slowly stepped behind her car and placed it to the underside of her bumper. After filling up my gas tank, I drove to the side, pulling out a sandwich I’d packed for the trip. 
I had barely eaten half of my sandwich when they strolled out of the door. I almost choked on my ham on rye. Long gone were those sweet little dresses they had on when they started the trip; now they were both wearing cut off shorts, skin-tight fringe shirts, bandanas of the American flag dangling from Ashton’s ass and each one of them donning a pair of cowboy boots. 
Right then, I knew I was up shit creek without a paddle. And I wasn’t sure if I was going to make it back.
Ashton held the keys in the air dangling them in front of Lu’s face, laughing. I found myself wishing I could hear that laugh of hers. It was probably smooth as silk and those lips probably tasted sweeter than honey. I was lost in thought of just how good Ashton looked wearing those red cowboy boots when they pealed out to the street, jumping back on the highway. No matter. With my device hooked up, I could find that car anywhere now.
After the girls checked into the hotel, I slipped up the stairs instead of taking the elevator to be on the safe side. It wasn’t long before they were moving again. I’d barely been able to throw my bag onto the bed when I needed to duck out and follow wherever the hell they were planning on going. I started to head down West End just as the GPS alerted me they were stopping somewhere on Broadway. Once I located them, which wasn’t hard to do, I pulled in the spot a few down from theirs. Making my way over, I took a quick look through the windows that were now rolled up, along with the hardtop. 
Two burly looking bouncers took one look at me at the front door and let me through. I knew I could be intimidating when I needed to be, and tonight was no different. I was not one to be fucked with—ever. I was pretty sure they figured that one out on their own. 
I ordered bourbon on the rocks to sip slowly while I watched them. I never drank on a job, but then again, I never had a job following two beautiful ladies around. Two women who were most certainly looking for trouble tonight. I couldn’t help but wonder what exactly was in store for me. It’d been years since I even thought about Ashton Winslow. Hell, I never thought about her since that first time we met. She was an uppity society southern belle; one I wanted absolutely nothing to do with. 
Never in a million years would I have ever thought I’d judge someone’s character wrong. It wasn’t like me to get a false read on someone. I could smell a dirty dog a mile away, just as easily as I could pick out a girl digging for gold in all the wrong places. But apparently little Ashton just might prove my judgment wrong. 
Even though it was my job and I was told to keep my eyes on her at all times, I forced myself to look away every now and then. I pushed myself to focus on something, someone, or anything else to get a grip every few minutes and remember that Ashton was only a job. 
She was so ridiculously perfect that they should call some bioresearch company and have her cloned. I mean, seriously, who looked this perfect? Even watching her dance, not one hair seemed to want to fall out of place. And those boots? Fuck! That image would be engrained forever in my mind.
The bar scan that I did when we first arrived hadn’t changed much. A quick glance back to the dance floor allowed me to zone in on my target for a beat before I snapped my eyes to the back entrance of the bar. A few loud, drunk, riled up guys strolled through landing punches on one another getting each other pumped up. My eyes followed them all the way, until they sidled up a few feet from me. It didn’t go unnoticed by me, or probably anyone else what they were looking for tonight. A piece of ass, or a whole lotta trouble.
Instinctively, I swiveled the ice in my glass, tuning their conversation in, but focusing on the girls. It didn’t escape me the way she was dancing. I knew girls like her. All hot and could make a gay guy question his choice if given the chance, but perhaps just a bit too innocent to act upon it. But, damn, the way she was moving those hips and ass of hers, she was looking for trouble.
Taking a small sip, I leaned my elbow on the bar, closer to their razzing.
“Fuck you! You got first dibs last week. I get first pick tonight, man.” He shoved the guy a few steps back, laughing. 
“You had no complaints last week. In fact, I’m pretty sure fucking Oklahoma could hear you having a good time.”
Meanwhile, the three others they had come in with had ditched them and were circling the dance floor. Asshole one and two were still arguing over who got first pick.
“Fine. Which one do you want?”
I knew who before he even needed to say it. I knew, because I’d seen every guy in here stare those two girls down as if they were the only two left to procreate with. The one good thing I had on my side was that Ashton screamed unapproachable and untouchable, like a fine piece of art hanging in a museum. Every guy in here wanted a shot, but was too chicken shit to make the move. Something told me those two might be just drunk enough and would have no problem taking their chances. 
Hell, yeah. My job just got a little more exciting.
CHAPTER 5
ASHTON
I danced like nobody was watching, but I knew he was, even with those dark sunglasses he had on. More than once, when I looked his way, Mr. Dark and Mysterious found something else to give his attention to. But, I could feel his sun-glassed covered eyes pointing in my direction for the last twenty minutes on the dance floor, but he hadn’t made a move, and it was starting to bother me. Why wasn’t he asking me to dance? It was not as if I wasn’t putting myself out there for everyone to see. Hell, if I shimmied any longer, I was bound to shimmy right out of my shorts. 
I was sure he noticed me, or at the very least, LuLu. Everyone always noticed Lu first, and they should. She was beautiful with her long, blonde curls, to her huge, brown eyes that I swore would make Bambi jealous. She had a body that rivaled the best super models out there, and she knew exactly how to move it.
A tap on the shoulder and Lu’s genuine smile brought me back from my thoughts. “What?” I screamed out over the music.
She leaned in to my ear. “Don’t turn around, but we’ve got company.” Every little part of me wanted to do a victory dance that he’d finally noticed me, but when I swung around with my arms in the air to find him, it was not whom I’d imagined. This one was nice, and all, and had real cute dimples, but he wasn’t the one whom I wanted holding onto my hips swaying to Sugarland either. 
“Hey, baby you want to dance with me?” His drawl was thick and sexy as was his smile. 
“Sure,” I said, before placing my hand on his shoulder. LuLu already has his friend wrapped around her, dipping her down to the ground after a twirl.
“What’s your name, cutie?” It wasn’t a hard question to answer, in fact, it was the easiest one ever, but somehow I didn’t want to be good, ol’ sweet Ashton. I wanted to be someone else for two weeks and part of me thought that if I switched my name, maybe it’d switch me too. 
“Grace,” I told him. It was partly true. It was my middle name, so at least I felt like I wasn’t totally lying. But the name Grace felt right as it easily slipped off my tongue. My mother wanted me to have it, but my daddy wanted me named after his grandmamma, so that was how I got stuck with Ashton. It was her maiden name. Don’t get me wrong. It was a fine name, but to me, it meant normal, safe, a good girl who listened to what she was told to do. And I didn’t want to be that girl anymore.
“Well, Grace,” he smiled before dipping me low to the ground, his hand on the arch of my back gliding me up until my chest is pressed up against his. “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Johnny.” 
Damn! He was smooth.
Catching my breath, I told him the same. Dark and mysterious with the sunglasses on in the bar area was still sitting on a stool looking like he was watching something interesting, but I knew he was keeping his eyes on me. I grabbed LuLu off the floor by her hand wanting a break. “I need a drink,” I yelled. 
Johnny and his friend followed us off the floor both wearing shit-eating grins as they guided us with their hands on the arch of our backs to the bar. He orders four shots and beers to chase them down before I could even plop my butt on a stool. We went through all the pleasantries of where we’re from and who was who. To Lu’s credit, she didn’t even flinch when Johnny introduced me to his friend as Grace. She rolled right along with the punches and even started calling me Gracie as if she’d been doing it forever.
Johnny pulled my hand up to his mouth, gently kissing my knuckles causing me to blush. “So, Carolina, how long you here for?” 
“It’s Grace,” I reminded him, but he just smiled like he thought his little nickname for me was cute. 
“Just a few days, then we’re heading to Miami,” LuLu chimed in. 
Stunned, I turned at her. “What are you talking about?”
She shrugged like it was no big deal. “It’s our chance to go, and I know you want to, so let’s just do it after we’re done here.” Too stumped to start the conversation about leaving Nashville in the bar, I just took a long drink of the beer in my hand.
Johnny’s friend, Butch must have decided it was time to speak up. “Now wait a minute little girl. You telling me you’re just gonna waltz in and waltz back out before barely kissing me?” Every word dripped Southern charm.
LuLu rolled her eyes. “I’ll get right on that, cowboy.” To my shocked eyes, Lu pulled Butch by his neck and shoved her tongue inside his mouth. Honestly, I think she even caught him off guard because it took him a whole five seconds to catch up to her. When Lu broke away, Butch looked at Johnny and said, “I think I just fell in love.” Lu laughed it off, but pulled him back onto the dance floor, leaving me alone with Johnny. Honestly, I wanted to beg her to come back, but I made a promise to myself to get out of that stupid goody two-shoe box on this trip.
Johnny eyed me up for a spilt second then asked, “Any chance you’re gonna kiss me like that?”
I grabbed hold of his cowboy hat, taking it off before placing it on my head. Johnny’s hand runs through his thick blond curls trying to tame them back, never taking his eyes off me. I slammed my shot back and gave him the best seductive face I could muster. “Maybe if you’re real lucky.”
CHAPTER 6
DANE
Fuckin’ A!
I had no idea she was going to make this shit harder than it should be. If she was not on the dance floor kissing and dancing, she and Lu were hiding in the bathroom. We’d been in Nashville for three fucking hours, and they’d already latched on to some poor guys who had no idea they were gonna be tossed aside like a bad habit when this was all over. Hell, at this rate I wouldn’t be surprised if keeping Ashton “untouched” was even going to be possible. Cause if she continued on this path, she’s gonna be touched and touched a lot, and there is not one damn thing I could do short of stopping it without her figuring out her damn daddy lied to her. And for some weird reason, part of me didn’t want her to find that shit out.
And damn if I didn’t want that bonus.
I checked my phone to make sure all the devices that I’d placed were working properly. With her father’s help, I had one on her phone and now two on her pretty little car. One device I was watching and one that Jason could keep tabs on from his main office. Everything was working, so I just kept watch of them on the dance floor. 
“Hey, you want to dance?” A sweet voice purred from my left side. 
“Sorry, Darlin’ I can’t.” This cute little thing walked off pouting and normally she was someone I would easily dance with and do something a little more with. It’d been a long time since a woman’s hands had touched me. It wasn’t that I was afraid of love, or not wanting it, it had just been too long to even fathom sometimes. The one thing I’d always had was my southern charm before I joined the Army, it was still there, it was just buried a little deeper than I would’ve liked. 
Before I left, I had a semi-serious girlfriend. I even imagined giving her my last name every now and then, but apparently, Bethany did not want to be a soldier’s girl, so she ended it when I enlisted. At the time, it crushed me, but like all good things, they must come to an end. I’d always envied AJ for having a woman to come home to. I was never jealous. I loved that he had that waiting on him.
After that meaningless sex, and I went together like a barn took to a fire, but it had been damn near sixteen months since I’d even entertained the thought. Ten months because I was in Afghanistan, but the other six since I’d been home. I was afraid of how they’d react to my scars. It took me three months just to get used to them all. One that was finally starting to fade, but would forever be a part of my face, and the rest down the side of my body from where the shrapnel hit. Besides, I was pretty sure my little brother, Josh, was not only getting laid enough for both of us, but for the entire state of South Carolina, and maybe North too.
Just as the lights flickered to let everyone know the bar was closing soon, the D.J. yelled that there were only a few songs more left to play. I knew I needed to step in if I didn’t want her going home with that guy. She was playing darts with the dude closely sliding up the rear, pretending to teach her. His hands were wrapped around her waist, his hips grinding into her backside, making the hair on my neck stand up.
I knew she saw me getting closer because she missed the target and nicked the wall causing the dart to fall on the floor. Making my way over I didn’t even know what I was going to say to her to pull her way, my feet just kept moving me in her direction.
Her smile lit up the whole room like a candle on a birthday cake when I reached her. “Hey, girl, you about ready for that dance you owe me?” I held my hand out, patiently waiting for her to grab it, and when she finally did, my world stopped. People said bolts of lightning or electricity pulsed through them when they found the one, but that didn’t happen for me when we touched. Instead, I felt this sense of calm like no other. It was as if she stilled the voices inside my head that had been banging around up there for years. I knew in that moment that this job was the best damn thing that had ever happened to me. I couldn’t help but smile wide as I pulled her to the floor. 
“What’s your name?” She asked.
“Call me Woody,” I told her. It had been what my friends had been calling me for years. It was also a name she wouldn’t recognize, so I went with it. Three seconds later, her dart partner was strutting closer to the dance floor looking for a fight. She was dancing so close; it felt like if we got any closer we’d be a single being. I peered over her shoulder trying to let him know by my face that now was not the time, but if he’d like I’d surely make the time. He backed down immediately, which kind of surprised me. Put together the wicked combination of men, booze, and long beautiful legs, there was usually a fight at the end of it. 
Ashton’s hand came to my face, and I flinched as she lifted my glasses and tucked them in my shirt pocket. When I was working, I kept ‘em on for one reason and one reason only, to cover my emotions. I couldn’t let anyone know how I felt, and eyes always gave away your story. And in that second, I knew she was looking at my scar, but I forced myself to brush it off. I lifted her hand into mine, pushing her along to the music step by step, deciding to play it safe. “What’s your name, Darlin’?”
“It’s Grace.” I laughed to myself when she flat out lied to me, but I pretended like nothing was amiss. I knew what she was doing, and it was fine by me. I liked the name. It suited her.
Mesmerized by Ashton, I failed to notice him step up to us. “You’re either really fucking stupid or looking for a fight to pull that little girl on the dance floor with you?” The jackass was now standing inches from us, with his arms crossed over his pumped up chest, trying to look fierce. And this time he’d brought one of his buddies along. I was suspecting it made him feel more protected. Guess, he decided she was worth the fight after all. Only he had no clue who he was dealing with. I could kill him and his friend with my bare hands in less time it took for him to spit out that question. 
I didn’t respond, because Ashton’s hand was gripping mine a little tighter now. I spun her around toward the center of the floor to get her away from them. My mouth hovered by her ear, but I was watching him. He was still standing there, staring at us. “What are doing with a guy like that?”
She smiled sweetly. The men retreated to the bar after Lu whispered something, taking away the tension. “He’s not that bad. Actually, he’s been nothing but a gentleman. You, on the other hand, I’m not so sure about.” Her voice was like warm butter on toast. Was she teasing me? She had the sweetest slow drawl that reminded me where she’s from, but damn if she didn’t look like she’d just stepped off some fancy-schmancy street in Hollywood. From the color of her hair that reminded me of the wheat that grew in the fields, to her huge eyes that looked like giant emerald marbles, laced with long lashes that touched her skin when she blinked. And the best part was her body. She was not one of those skinny, salad-eating girls; she had curves. All tits and ass. Well, her ass was small, but it still provided a nice view when she was walking away. 
And the way she moved those curves, the ones that I had quite possibly fallen in love with, did something to me that even I had a hard time understanding. Trust me I’d been trying since the first time she got out there dancing. If there were a million Ashton Winslow’s walking around, I still wouldn’t get tired of looking at her.
“How do you figure that, Darling?” We were still moving, her one hand in mine, the other on my shoulder as I continued to push her around the dance floor. 
“You know you’re not that good at pretending you weren’t watching me. I saw you, so I know you saw me dancing with him all night. Is this what you do all the time?”
I grinned simply because I couldn’t help wondering what she was thinking. “Do what all the time?”
“Stalk girls and then wait until the end of the night to get the nerve to talk to them, hoping to take them home.”
“No, Darlin’ this is the first time.” I pulled her in until our chests were pressed up to one another, her mouth so close to mine I could smell her sweet breath. I needed to keep up pretenses, so I asked, “You from around here, or you just visiting?”
“Just a pit stop. How ‘bout you?”
“Just visiting.” I spun her until her back pressed up against my chest. “I’m thirsty, you want a drink?” She nodded as I took her hand in mine, pulling her toward the bar and straight to the jackass and his friend with LuLu.
“Grace you ready to go? Johnny and Butch were thinking about grabbing a late bite.” Lu sounded like maybe she had one too many and I was wondering what Ashton was going to say in response. 
I looked over my shoulder to see her chewing her bottom lip debating what she wanted to do, and I knew deep in my heart she wanted to stay with me, but I also knew she wouldn’t leave Lu. She dropped my hand and shrugged. “It was nice meeting you, Woody. Thanks for the spin out there. It was real fun, but I have to go with my friend.”
Slipping on my glasses, I lifted her hand to my mouth, gently kissing her knuckles. “Anytime, Darlin’. Maybe I’ll see you around.” I really hated to let this moment go, the way she felt in my arms, but I did it anyway. 
As I made my way to my truck outside, I flipped on the GPS tracker to her car and made sure the one on her cell was still working. No way in hell was I letting those boys take those girls back to the hotel tonight. Patiently I waited for the four of them to come out and get on with it. Almost a full half hour passed before I got a glimpse of Lu stumbling out with Ashton acting as Lu’s leaning post. Apparently, food wasn’t going to be on the agenda after all. The two guys were staying several feet behind probably planning their mode of attack to get Ashton to agree on their nightly endeavors. Using my binoculars, I briefly zoned in on the men before focusing back on the girls. Ashton was shaking her head at whatever Lu was saying, but she didn’t seem to want to give in to these rednecks.
They seemed to accept her response, but I could tell by their demeanor that they were hesitant. Unsure if Ashton picked up on their indecision, I turned my truck on from the other side of the parking lot. The guy she was dancing with finally relented and gave her a slow, lingering kiss. When Ashton didn’t pull back, my hands tightened on my binoculars, trembling some. Seconds later, Ashton was shoving Lu in her car before she hopped into the driver’s side. Once she hit the road, I stayed back some because they had more than just me following them tonight. And I didn’t like where this was heading.
CHAPTER 7
ASHTON
Dang! They were following us back to the hotel. I tried to be nice and tell them we’d meet up again tomorrow night, but I didn’t think Johnny bought it. I had never been a good liar. I glanced at Lu who was just about passed out from too many shots of Patron. I tried to stop them from buying them for us, but Lu kept tossing them back like we were back in college. I refrained from having too many since I was driving. She leaned her head against the window, and she was mumbling on and on about Butch and his kisses. Grandmamma always said, “If you can’t run with the dogs, Ashton, stay off the porch.” I had a feeling this might be ones of those times she was talking about. I was in way over my head.
Taking a deep breath, I sped up some to see if they were actually tailing us, or if maybe they were just heading in the same direction. Surely, a lot of people took the main road home from a bar at the end of the night. Parts of me warned my own mind that I should duck off and head to a different place, or hell, maybe just keep driving ‘til we hit the Kentucky border, but I didn’t. 
I wasn’t stupid. I knew there were bad men out there, but something told me they were semi-harmless and were just looking for a good time. So, instead of listening to my better judgment, I pulled into the hotel. It was late, so the valet was closed, and we needed to park in the garage. That thought scared the hell of out me because Lu would be no help. She was the shit kicker out of the pair of us while I could barely swat at a mosquito while it was biting me.
Once I found a spot, I pulled in just as their taillights had come right behind us. The loud roar of his truck echoed through the garage as he kept it idling, blocking us in. “Hey, Grace.” Johnny stuck his head out the window, his hand drumming on the side of his door. “I thought maybe we could have a nightcap. You have one of those fancy minibars in your room?”
My eyes shut briefly before stepping out. I took one quick peek at Lu who was now out cold. “Not tonight, boys.” Plastering on a big old fake smile, I strolled over to his window, leaning my arms on the edge of the window trying to pretend like it was no big deal. “Lu’s had too much. How about you just meet us tomorrow ‘round eight at the same place? I want to go out dancing the whole time we’re here.” I had no plans on being there when they come to get us, but right now I’d say just about anything to get them to drive away.
Johnny grinned, took one look, and nodded to Butch. “Sure thing, sweetness.” Johnny’s finger slipped under my chin, pulling me in for a goodnight kiss. I relented, trying to keep up my little show I had going on. The touch of his tongue on my lips had me pulling away faster than he liked. Johnny groaned, and then made a deep growling noise before he finally shifted it into drive.
I breathed a huge sigh of relief as they pealed out of the parking garage, honking once as they turned around the corner. I walked back to the car to get a hold of Lu who was still passed out, which scared me, some. This girl could hold her liquor like a sailor on leave. “Lu, wake up, Sweetie,” I repeated several times, slapping her face softly to try and get her to wake, but she didn’t even stir. “Lu, please wake up, girly. I can’t carry you.” I paced back and forth. “Shit!” I screamed looking up to the cemented roof to God knows who, wondering how the hell I was going to get her to the room.
“Grace, you need some help?” A voice sounded from behind me. I froze, but that voice was as smooth as my favorite cashmere sweater and I would know it anywhere now. I flicked my hair off my face, but turned to see him, unsure of why he was here and how the heck he knew where we were staying. 
“What are you doing here, Woody?” I asked nervously, thinking that maybe I got rid of the wrong guys. I glanced to the ramp, but they were long gone.
He smiled shyly; a soft blush touched his cheeks. He turned his face toward the hotel. “I’m staying here.” He held up both his hands in protest. “I promise I didn’t follow you or anything. I was sitting in my truck eating a burger that I picked up on the way back.” He moved a few steps closer to Lu and me. He glanced around me to take a better look inside the car. “What happened to her?”
I shrugged. “Too much to drink I guess. It’s not like her, but ya’ know, vacation and all?”
He grinned but sidestepped me. “I got her.” With those three words barely out of his mouth, he hoisted Lu over his shoulder like she was lighter than a feather. “Grace, did you just meet those men tonight?”
“Yeah, why?” I grabbed both our bags and hurried to catch up.
“One of those assholes could’ve spiked her drink. How you feeling, Darlin’?”
His remark stopped me from moving. “I don’t think they’d do that. They seemed real nice and all.”
Woody shook his head as we moved inside the hotel and approached the elevator. “What floor?” I told him, and he hit the button with his free hand. The other was holding on to Lu’s backside, and I actually felt a twang of jealousy that he was touching her and not me. But it didn’t seem to even faze him. He was still wearing those damn dark sunglasses, and it was now after one in the morning. 
I wanted to know why so I decided to just go ahead and ask. “What’s with the glasses? Are you trying to hide your scar?” He didn’t say anything but I could sense his eyes staring at me through those dark lenses. The bell dinged and the doors spread open. 
He strutted past me, smiling. “Yeah, Darlin’ I’m hiding my scar.”
Not really paying attention to where we were going, he stopped when we get a few doors down the corridor. “Which one?”
“506,” I told him. “Where’d ya get that scar from anyway?”
I pulled the keycard from my back pocket of my shorts and opened the door, not even giving it a second thought that a semi-strange man was coming inside our room. He walked over to one of the beds and softly placed Lu down. Then he turned and lifted his glasses until they rested on top of his soft brown curls and I could really see his eyes. The glasses were too dark, and I’d had a hard time seeing through the lenses and making the color out earlier, but dang if they weren’t they nicest shade of blue I’d ever seen, and those lashes. My lord, I couldn’t buy mascara to get mine to look that good. 
“Afghanistan.” Just like that, he said it, and just like that, he was walking out the door before I could even say anything in response. I felt so stupid after he stepped out. How I couldn’t even muster up a thank you, or more importantly, find out when I’d be able to see him again. Part of me hoped never, but part of me knew the way that boy held my hand in his as we danced that, that was definitely not our last twirl on the floor. 
With Lu passed out, I tucked her under the blankets after taking off her boots. That night, I drifted off to sleep with the television on, and the naughtiest thoughts of Woody running through my straight-laced southern belle head.
CHAPTER 8
DANE
I hated revealing myself to Ashton so early in the game, but those boys didn’t seem to want to leave, and until they did, I wasn’t going to leave them alone in a parking garage with no help. Once they left, I planned on waiting for the girls to head inside before I did. It wasn’t until I saw her looking up to the ceiling like she was saying a little prayer that I knew something was wrong. I thought maybe Lu would have stepped out with her when Ashton made her move, but she never did, so, I assumed that was the problem. Damn if I wasn’t right. Not to mention the fact that I was pretty positive one of those dumbasses did something to get Lu that way. 
I didn’t know Lu from a hole in the wall, but she’d always had a reputation, and after talking to my brothers to get some background information on both of them, her being laid up so easily surprised me. Apparently, Lu was one of those girls who talked a lot of smack, but also had no problem defending it as well. Ashton was another story. Everyone in town, including my family, spoke highly of her for being a classy girl with a straight head on her shoulders. If she did get into trouble, Lu was not far behind and was usually the cause.
When Ashton asked about my scar so early on, it threw me off; I kinda froze up. It wasn’t that I didn’t expect her question eventually, but not yet. It was something I hated talking about since it always brought up memories of AJ. Since, over the course of the next two weeks, every word was going to be a lie, I figured telling her truth about my scar was the one thing I could come clean about.
Groggily, I woke to my phone alerting me it was time to get up and get going. I pushed the button to stop the music from blasting anymore. Shoving a hand through my untamed hair, I sat up and stared all around me. Ashton’s father set me up in a real nice room, one that I wasn’t too comfortable with, but I took. Hell, if it were up to me, I’d rather lay out in my beat up Ford waiting for those girls to move on to their next adventure. 
Fumbling with my cell, it beeped making me aware of Ashton’s phone moving from her last known place, her hotel room. 
Rechecking the clock, I took note that it was only seven in the morning, and something told me she was a room service kind of chick, so her being up and moving caught me off guard. Quickly, I grabbed my jeans from the floor, tugged them on, and quickly tossed a T-shirt over my head. 
She was still in the hotel, so I didn’t hurry as fast as I probably should. I stopped to brush my teeth, ran my fingers through my hair one more time, quickly noting that I needed a haircut, then headed on out to find where the elusive Ashton Winslow had gone.
The tracking device application on her phone showed that she was on the first floor. I shook my head once I spotted her in the hoity-toity, lobby coffee shop where a cup of Joe costs way more than it was worth. But, hell if I didn’t find myself heading in there, looking for any excuse just to hear her voice this morning. 
Just as I stepped inside, her eyes lifted, and I knew it was too late to change my mind. She’d spotted me. My face broke out into a big grin, knowing I must’ve looked like a fool standing there. She had this sweet little sundress on that stopped just shy of her knees with a deep vee in the front showing her extremely tempting cleavage. Her long curls cascaded over her shoulders as she twisted around upon hearing her name being called out that her coffee was ready. I took a deep breath remembering how soft her hair had felt the night before. She looked back to me with a sweet little smile that immediately set my heart in a tailspin.
“Fancy meeting you here so early this morning,” I said not knowing what other kind of excuse to shell out to her. 
She eyed me suspiciously but then laughed softly. “Hey, Woody, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were stalking me.”
I stepped closer to get ready to place my order, and then faced her. “What if I was?” Every fiber of my being screamed that I was completely screwing up my mission again, and I needed to step back and be more discreet, but I didn’t care. Not with the way that she was looking at me.
Her face and stance changed from friendly to suspicious. “That depends on why.” She glowered at me with her one hand on her hip, trying to muster up a look meaner than a cougar, but wasn’t very successful. I almost laughed watching her try. As I let her stew on my answer, she took a longer than necessary swig of her coffee before I gave in.
“Relax, Grace. It’s merely a coincidence. I’m an early riser. But, since we keep meeting up like this,” I gestured for her to take a seat in one of their plush leather chairs. “Why not enjoy a conversation over a cup of coffee?”
She was contemplating my suggestion by biting down on the corner of her bottom lip, something I had noticed she did the night before when she was thinking. “Yeah, okay. I’d like that.”
I nodded. “Good. Be over in a minute.” 
What the hell was I doing? I’d been on the job less than 48 hours, and I’d blown my cover more times than I cared to think of. But something about her did me in, and I was positive I stopped caring when her hand slipped in mine for that dance last night.
After ordering, I watched her from the counter, taking in how nervous she seemed as I waited for my own cup. Once the girl handed it off to me, I strutted over taking my sunglasses out of my pocket and placed them on. Sitting across from her, I could tell she was shaken up by my presence some, so I sat back a little. She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, fidgeting with her cup. “I meant to say thank you for your help last night with LuLu, but you left so quick.”
“It’s not a problem, Grace. I’m glad I was there to help. How’s she feeling this morning?”
Her green eyes stared into mine, and I swore right there and then I was a goner. I had never seen eyes so green in my life. “She’s still sleeping. Lu would die if she knew you carried her all the way up there and she had no clue a handsome man was doing it.”
Never once had I ever considered myself as handsome, but I took her comment to heart and pretended not to hear it. “I’m sure she’ll be fine.” Ashton sat back a little more, and when she did, her dress rode up a little, baring more of those fine, tanned legs. Legs I was beginning to imagine wrapped around my waist for the rest of my life. “So you two ladies are on a vacation?” She simply nodded. “How long?”
“Two weeks. We’re just passing through Nashville for the first few days, and then we’re moving on.”
What the fuck? Winslow never mentioned that.
“What about you? How long are you in Nashville for?” She asked, before taking another slow sip, appraising me as she did.
“Just a couple days. Don’t have anywhere else to be. Just figured I’d wing it for a while.”
“Wow! That’s nice. Don’t you work, or are you off duty from the service or something?”
“Yeah, Darlin’ I work.” I eyed her up and down for a quick beat. “Just takin’ some time to myself.”
“Well, what do you do?”
“I work with my brother from time to time. I got out of the army about six months ago.”
“Where ya from?”
“Small town in West Virginia called Sutton” I lied using where AJ was from. It was the first place I could think of. “How about you?”
“Just outside Charleston. I’ve lived there all my life. Daddy never really lets me travel without him, so I’m taking advantage of my two weeks with Lu.”
I smiled. “So, you’re a daddy’s girl?”
“I think he wants me to be forever, and deep down I know I always will be, but it’s starting to be about that time to move on and become someone else’s girl. If you know what I mean.”
“How old are you, Grace?”
“Twenty-two. What about you, Woody?”
“Twenty-eight,” I answered honestly then took a swig of my black coffee.
“Where’d ya go to school?” She asked.
“What’s with all the questions about me when you are far more interesting?” Casually I took another sip and scooted back into the soft leather. “You said you girls were moving on, where to next?”
“Um, I guess I’m not totally sure. Probably Miami, but with Lu you never know.” I almost spit my coffee out.
“That’s a hell of a drive from here.”
“I know. I wanted to head there in the first place, but we’re here and in a few days, we’ll pull an all-day drive or something. I haven’t really thought about it much yet. It’s only about nine hours. So, it’s not too bad.”
I needed to say something to get my ass to make that trip with them; otherwise, I’d be tailing behind and couldn’t think of any possible explanation how I could show up if she needed me. “I’ve been to Miami a few times. It’s going to be hot as hell this time of year. You sure about this? Why not stay here? There’s enough to keep you girls busy for two weeks. There’s a great festival mid-week. A lot of bands playing.”
Ashton leaned forward, and when she did, I had to catch my breath. “I’ll let you in on a little secret, Woody.”
I gulped and tried my best not to stare at her ever-present chest like it was a neon sign blinking at me. “What’s that, sweetheart?”
“I have this bucket list I want to start doing. Hell, I’m twenty-two, and I’ve barely tied one on more than twice. I have a few things I want to do, and Miami is one of them.” She shrugged like it was no sweat off her back. “What about you? If you knew you were dying tomorrow, would you feel like you were ready?”
Her question threw me off guard, not because of the meaning, but because it’s such a dark question to come off those pretty little lips.
“Are you dying?” I didn’t know what the hell I was going to say if she said yes, but I had to know. 
“No, it was a hypothetical question.” 
Quietly, I thanked God. ”Grace, I’ve been around the block more than my fair share. There was a time I was ready to go if the Lord saw fit, but he must not have been ready for a hell raiser like me, since I’m still here sitting with a beautiful girl like yourself.” 
I shouldn’t have said it, but it came out before I could stop the words from slipping. She smiled, and when she did, it made me feel like I could do anything at that point. And all I could think about was what could I do to win this girl over? “What else is on the bucket list of yours?”
“Swim at night in the ocean. Learn to surf. Drink too much one night and meet a man who knows how to be a man…things like that to name a few.” All right, I’m pretty sure that her admission was a gift from God, or maybe AJ.  She was looking for a real man, not that asshole from the photo her daddy had given me. I had already called my brother to get the background information on Trevor Owens, and damn if her father wasn’t setting her up with a jackass whose list of discrepancies was as wide as a country mile. 
One such discrepancy even ended in us finding out about a fifteen month old child who he barely paid support for. Court records showed he’d been forgetting for the last six months. His son, Toby, lived in Baltimore with a girl he met on a vacation when he was up there on a golfing trip with his buddies a few years back. No one in Charleston County even knew this information other than my brother and me. A secret I was quite sure that Ashton’s father didn’t even know. It was all a part of their agreement when the baby was born. No one would ever know. Well, Trevor Owens had no idea what I was capable of uncovering.
I was itching to touch her, so I leaned in and grazed her knee with my finger. “Darling, if you’re looking for a man and a little fun, you just need to say the word.”
Her eyes were focused on my finger, but then she lifted her head slightly, grinning. “Do you know where I can find a man like that? Because I looked all night at the bar, and I thought I had found one, but he up and went.”
“You’re going to need to be more specific. Are you talking about me, or that asshole who spiked your friends drink?”
Ashton stood suddenly, smoothing her dress down. “We’re going honky tonking tonight. You want to come?”
“Hell, yeah, I want to come. How about I pick you girls up around seven?”
“That’s a little early don’t you think?”
I got up, standing toe to toe. “With what I have planned tonight, Darlin’, you’re gonna want to eat beforehand.” I lifted her chin up with my finger. “And wear something pretty for me.” I didn’t know what the hell I was doing, only what I was feeling. The phrase playing with fire came to mind, but I pushed it away even though I wanted that bonus. Something inside of me not only wanted to watch Ashton Winslow knock off everything on that bucket list of hers, but I wanted her and I wanted her badly. And for the first time since before I left on tour, I was going to get what I wanted. I was determined to figure out how to make her mine for the next two weeks, without her finding out the truth about her precious daddy, or me. Before I pushed open the glass door to the lobby, I turned. “Grace,” I called out. She peeked up from the magazine now in her lap. “If you’re thinking of standing me up, I’ll find you.” 
Her pretty, little lips formed a little ‘o’ just as I walked out and headed toward the opened elevator.
CHAPTER 9
ASHTON
My heart had pitter-pattered so fast, I thought Daddy could hear it all the way from South Carolina. My Lord that boy could fill out a pair of Levi’s very nicely, front and back. And that stomach hiding under his tight t-shirt looked like I could easily bounce a quarter off of it if given the right opportunity. 
And that smile, damn that smile, you’d think it was the entrance to the Bermuda Triangle because you could get lost so easily when he flashed it. But, boy did he also scream dangerous with a capital D. I liked it, and for some reason unknown to me, I trusted him. Maybe it was the way he waited all night to dance with me, maybe it was the way he helped with Lu, or maybe it was because he didn’t rush me, but it was something. Something made me trust him from the get go.
“Holy shit, Ashton Grace Winslow is looking to get laid tonight?” LuLu whistled before wiggling her eyebrows at me. I admit this was even a little much for me, but something about that boy made me want to unleash the devil that I knew was hiding somewhere deep inside of me, that was just waiting to be released. 
I brushed my hair watching the soft curls bounce with each slow tug using my ever-precious Mason Pearson hairbrush. LuLu was still eyeing me up with a big ol’ grin. “What?”
“I asked you a question, Ashton. What’s with the clothes? You never ever dress like that.” I faced the mirror in the bathroom staring into the glass at my reflection. I had on a very short, very tight black leather mini-skirt, with a tank top that was just as tight as the skirt with the words “Country Grown” written across my chest along with my favorite red cowboy boots. Even I could admit I looked good, and I was never one to compliment myself. But tonight, I knew I was going to knock one mysterious man named Woody straight out of his Levi 501s.
I grinned back. “Maybe,” I answered as I dabbed a soft shade of red lipstick on.
Lu flopped on the bed after dropping her towel to the floor. Her hair was still wet from her shower, and she was sprawled out in her hot pink panty set. She propped herself up on her elbow to face me. “If I didn’t see you with my own eyes Miss Goody two-shoes Ashton Winslow, no offense,” she held up her hands, “I wouldn’t believe you were trying to seduce a man. But here you are. And might I say, you look hot, girl. H-O-T, hot.”
Quickly, I turned to her. “I’m not trying to seduce him. I’m trying to get him to like me. It’s different.”
“And you think the slut way to go is gonna work? What if he likes pretty and sweet and not hot and nasty?”
“Trust me, Lu. He probably wouldn’t mind either, but something tells me hot and nasty is the way to go tonight. Besides, we only have three more days according to you until we take off. I want to make the most of it while we’re here. Memories I can hold on to.” And Lord knows I’d need them if Trevor Owens was going to be the one forced down my throat.
“You need to promise me you’ll be safe without me.”
“What do you mean? Aren’t you coming?” I asked panic seeping through my words.
“And be a third wheel. Now why would I do a thing like that? Besides, this is a good thing, Ashton. I want you to have fun, let loose, be happy tonight. You don’t need me to make that happen. This is exactly why we’re on this trip.” She stood in front of the mirror to brush her hair. “Just call me if you need me, and you know I’ll be there in a flash.” She started to walk toward the bathroom, but turned. “And don’t forget your can of mace.” 
Quickly, I checked my purse to make sure it was still in there. It was. Daddy insisted I take a can with me, and he even gave one to Lu, which kind of surprised me, seeing that he never thought much of her safety before. You’d think after fifteen years of friendship that he’d finally understand what she meant to me. She was like a sister. One that I’d treasure ‘til the day I died. “But, you’re a part of making this trip perfect, Lu. Please come?”
She shook me off with one of her ‘evil smiles’ like she knew leaving me on my own would benefit me in some way. One quick deep breath was all I got in before I heard the knock at the door. Shoot! I raked my hand through my hair one last time, and then nervously made my way to the door. 
When I swung it open, my heart stopped beating for a moment. As would any living breathing girl who was presented with a man like Woody waiting for her. He had on a pair of blue jeans, a tight black V-neck tee exposing a heck a lot of tattoos I didn’t know existed, his signature sunglasses, and he held two bouquets of flowers. One in each hand.
His eyes took me in for several quiet seconds with a very nice smile making me feel like I’d chosen the right outfit for tonight. “You look…I don’t even have the words, Grace.” He stepped inside our hotel room, peering all around when Lu popped out of the bathroom dressed in her pajamas. I could see in Woody’s eyes that he’d just figured out that he had me all to himself tonight, and I prayed to the Lord above that he was just as happy about it as I was. Although my nerves were starting to kick in, making me anxious. 
“These are for you, ladies. I didn’t know what you’d like, so I got a little bit of everything.” He strutted over to Lu first and offered her a bouquet, and said, “You feeling all right, tonight?”
She waved him off, smiling, but took the flowers smelling them quickly. “I’m a little banged up from drinking too much last night. I heard I owe you a thanks.”
“It was nothing,” he assured her. He rounded his way back to me with his head down, but once he got closer to me, he lifted it and smiled shyly. “These are for you, gorgeous.” As he handed them off to me, he leaned in for a sweet kiss on the cheek that had me shivering in my boots, and that shiver made it all the way up to what I liked to call my happy place. He smelled of soap with a hint of cologne making me want to smell him for the rest of my life as he pulled away.
“They’re beautiful, thank you.” Lu came over to me to grab the flowers, as I smelled the sweet hint of roses and freesia. 
“You two go have fun now and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Woody was by the door holding out his hand for me to come along, but Lu leaned in to whisper in my ear, “he’s sweet, Ash.”
I smiled back at her. “Don’t wait up.” I wiggled my brows at her as she shooed me toward Woody and to my night of adventure.
Woody and I stood in the elevator alone. Both of us looking straightforward not knowing what to talk about. At least, that was how I was feeling. Right now, my knees were wobbly, my heart was racing faster than a car trying to win the Daytona 500, my hands felt slightly clammy, and yet I still had this ridiculous desire to take his hand in mine. To claim him somehow. Which was ridiculous, seeing as I barely knew him. 
The elevator pinged as we reached the main lobby and Woody guided me out with his hand resting on the small of my back causing me to shiver again. Once out the doors instead of removing his hand, he left it there, making me feel buzzed without even drinking a drop. “You all right, Grace?”
I cleared my throat. “I’m fine. Where we going?”
He smiled mischievously as his eyes raked my body from my head to my boots. “Change of plans. You like burgers? I know this place that makes the best in Nashville.”
I swallowed. “Sure. I could eat a burger,” I answered nervously. I was kind of hoping for a steak, or possibly a piece of fish, but right now I’d take what I could get. I hadn’t eaten all day just so I could squeeze my booty into this dang skirt.
Once outside I stopped in front of the valet station, but Woody kept walking. He turned when he realized I wasn’t next to or behind him. His lip curled up slightly. “Grace, you coming, or did ya change your mind about our date?”
“I’m waiting for your car,” I answered, glancing around for the valet that was here earlier when I’d checked in my car. 
Woody walked toward me with his lip still curled up slightly like he was trying to hold back a big ass grin. “My truck is over here. I don’t valet, Darlin’.” He held out his hand for me to take, and I didn’t hesitate grabbing on. His fingers instantly wrapped around mine possessively, making me want to pull him back inside and upstairs. Just holding his hand made me feel this sensation of what I didn’t know, just something and knew I was in trouble. 
CHAPTER 10
DANE
I almost dropped the flowers and swallowed my tongue when Ashton had opened the door earlier. I swore I could’ve fallen to my knees asking for her hand at the sight of her. I planned on taking her to the fanciest joint in town to try and get to know her better, but now, the only thing I could think of was getting that girl on the dance floor, to feel her body move with mine.
Sitting opposite of me, Grace placed her napkin in her lap as she glanced around the greasy spoon where I’d taken her. Her face was a dead giveaway that she probably wasn’t expecting to be eating in a two star place, but time was wasting and I didn’t plan on wasting it sitting on my ass watching her eat. Although, she looked good doing that too.
“So, tell me about this bucket list of yours?” I asked as we waited for the waitress to bring over our food. 
She smiled, taking a tortilla chip from the basket on the table, and when she did, it warmed me as nothing else could. “It’s silly, but it’s just well, I have a father who kind of controls my life, so I have two weeks away from him and I want to do as much as I can before I head home.”
“Why do you let him control you?” This was something that had been bothering since I’d taken on the job. The girl was twenty-two damn years old and not only did he control her, but she let him.
“It’s a long story.”
I opened my arms as if I was parting the sea. “We got time, Grace.”
She sat back, eyeing me up for a quick second or two. “My mama died when I was born.” This I knew. 
“I’m sorry,” I told her.
“It’s okay. I guess the answer to your question is that it’s pretty much just been Daddy and me against the world for so long that I’m afraid to disappoint him. He has given me everything any girl could possibly want. But…”
“But what?” I pressed her for more information because I was dying to know everything that made this girl tick.
“Well, let’s just say he wants me to be a certain kind of woman with this certain man from our town, and I really don’t want to be that daughter he wants anymore.”
She looked so sad. It hurt so bad to hear her confession that I wanted to march back home and convince her father that he was wrong about Ashton. “It’s normal, Grace, to want to be the person that you feel comfortable being, and not what people want you to be. I think you should tell him how you feel. You may be pleasantly surprised.”
She smiled softly, but I could tell she was trying not to cry. “You don’t know Daddy.” She swiped at her eyes, but kept her smile soft and directed at me. I stopped the questions immediately since I didn’t ever want to be the cause of tears in Ashton Winslow’s eyes again.
~~~
You could hear the sound of boots stomping on the dance floor and banjos playing before we even got inside the bar in the Lower Broadway section of town. She’d been quiet on the ride here from the restaurant, and I couldn’t help but feel responsible for bringing her down with all that daddy talk. I grabbed a hold of her hand making sure every single guy knew that she was not only mine, but not to even look in her direction tonight. 
Because that was the thing about Ashton, even though most guys usually see her as this unapproachable tight ass princess, she looked and acted nothing like she normally did. That skirt and shirt, well, let’s just say Mother Nature did a fine ass job when they made her. As I said before, she had curves that I couldn’t wait to get my hands on, because even though those very curves most likely would do me in, I still wanted to hold on with both hands and take that ride regardless.
“What’ll it be?” I asked her as we sidled up to the bar.
“I’ll have whatever you’re having.” She looked out to the dance floor, her eyes all lit up as if she could barely wait to test the boots she had on.
I handed off the shot and the Bud I ordered each of us. She grimaced. “What’s this?”
“It’s what I’m drinking. You said the same, so I got you the same. It’s Southern Comfort, it won’t kill ya, but it may loosen you up a bit.”
She opened her mouth to say something, but instead shot me the sexiest ‘don’t dare me face’ before she clinked her drink with mine. “To loosening up,” she said grinning, and then woofed it down. Unable to take my eyes off her, I waited until hers found mine. Slowly, Ashton traced her bottom lip with her tongue, licking the remaining alcohol away. I was dumbstruck frozen watching as she did it and I was pretty fucking sure she knew just what it was doing to me.
Ashton grinned, leaning into me, pressing her chest against mine. “Whatcha waiting for?”
Still checking her out, I took the glass off the bar and tilted it back letting the amber liquid glide down my throat, watching her, wondering what those pretty little lips would taste like. She lifted the beer bottle to her lips, taking a long swig. “You going to ask me to dance or should I go find another partner?”  I had to admit to myself I really liked this feisty version of Ashton. 
I followed her to the dance floor watching her ass shake with each step. “You taking the lead or am I,” I asked, grinning and teasing her. She put her small hand in mine, her other on my left bicep, while I placed my hand around her waist. “You ready, girl?”
She smiled through two songs and two dances of me pushing her around the floor when a slow Lady Antebellum song had come on. She was breathing heavier than I expected after only two dances, and I almost asked her if she wanted to sit this one out, but changed my mind when her eyes met mine almost questioning what I was thinking. “Come here, girl,” I whispered in her ear. I couldn’t walk off that floor without giving her a slow dance, wrapped up in my arms. “One more dance and then we are getting out of here and starting that bucket list of yours.”
She sat closer to me in my truck then on the ride here. I was not about to complain. “Where we going?” She glanced around as I pealed out of the lot, kicking up the dirt beneath the tire wheels. I pulled into another parking lot, and then turned to her. “Be right back.” I quickly ran inside the liquor store on the corner of the street, grabbed a fifth of Comfort, and hauled ass back to my truck.
She eyed me briefly when I jumped back in and handed off the brown bag. “Umm, Woody, getting drunk isn’t on my bucket list. I kind of had that one nailed down in college.”
“No one said anything about getting drunk. We’re finding some back ass country dirt road, we’re gonna lay down in the back of my truck, drink a little, and you are going to tell me how I can help you with that list.” She didn’t say anything, she just continued to stare at me like I had lost my damn mind somewhere back on the dance floor. “What?” I asked noticing she was suddenly real quiet.
“You want to help me?”
“Yeah,” I said, unsure of why she seemed so surprised as I started to back up and out of the lot.
“Why, Woody?” 
I slammed the truck back in park, grabbed her hand before lifting it to my mouth and pressing a small kiss to her knuckles. “Grace, I just want to see it. Let me see you find yourself.” When she smiled, I knew she was allowing it, even without her telling me.
After twenty minutes of driving away from the city lights, I made my way off the ramp to finally find what I was looking for. My foot pressed down a little harder, Tim McGraw blasted out of my speakers, and the dirt was kicking up behind my truck as we veered off the highway. Ashton had her head tipped back, singing the words to ‘Southern Girl’ as we made our way down some country road putting me one step closer to getting what I wanted, but shouldn’t take. And I knew this. What I was doing was stupid, something I’d probably regret tomorrow or a month from now, but hell if I gave a shit. I wanted to love this girl tonight with everything I had. Hoping like hell she was on the same page, I pulled under a big ol’ tree and placed my truck into park.
CHAPTER 11
ASHTON
I was not stupid and I really hoped he didn’t think I was. Part of me believed him when he asked to watch me find myself, but now I was thinking he wanted to see something else. Most likely me in my birthday suit. I took a deep breath before I turned to him. “What are we doing out here?”
“C’mon,” he said, pulling the brown bag from my hand. Before I was even out my side of the door, I could feel the truck move from him jumping up into the bed of it. Slowly, I made my way to the back to find him digging in a big old black bin to see him pull out a sleeping bag. He turned and smiled, unzipping it then placing it down on the bed, kicking off his boots and leaving them on the tailgate of his truck. I followed suit, since I was starting to find this whole seduction thing kind of sexy.
He patted the spot next to him as he propped himself up against that black bin he pulled the sleeping bag out of. Just as I was sitting, he pulled the bottle out and twisted off the cap. He took a long swig, and then handed it off to me. I took a small sip, before giving it back to him. “What is all this?”
“I told you. You have how many days left until you need to head home?”
“Eleven total.”
“All right, how ‘bout this. Each day for the next eleven days you pick one or two things on your list and we do them together.”
“But Lu and I are heading to Miami soon. Maybe we could get one or two in before I go?”
He took another pull on the bottle, then gave it to me but didn’t say anything. “How come you’re not wearing your glasses tonight?” I asked.
“I got nothing to hide tonight.”
“And you were hiding before?”
“Maybe.”
“From what?”
“It’s just something I picked up in the military, Grace. It’s nothing.”
“Will you tell me about your scar?” I asked as my finger softly and slowly ran down the length of it. It started on his forehead and went down to the top of his cheekbone, but its color was almost the same shade as his skin. Something about it gave him more character than he believed he had.
“It’s hard to talk about. You’ll have to understand if I’m not ready.”
“Will you tell me someday?” I asked hoping to God he would.
“Maybe.” Was all that he said. 
I took another slow sip of the Southern Comfort. It was going down a lot smoother than it had before. I decided to change the subject since I’d seemed to depress him some with my question. “Tomorrow, will you take me on one of these dirt roads when I’m not drinking, so I can kick up some dust of my own? It’s on my list.”
He looked over at me grinning. “You never drove on an old dirt road?”
I shrugged. “Well, yeah, but I was never driving. I don’t want to race anyone; I just want to do it.”
“If that’s what you want, you have my word that I’ll take you. Tell me something else about you?” he asked.
“I won runner-up in the Teen Miss South Carolina pageant back when I was fifteen.”
“I bet you did.”
“I could have won, but I’m kind of glad I didn’t. My grandmamma wanted me to do it, so I did it for her. After she passed I stopped entering beauty contests. I just didn’t think it was for me. I liked the philanthropy part, but that was it.”
“You were close to her?”
“Yeah, I was. She was everything to me. She raised me alongside my Daddy for the first few years. I even called her mama until I was six and they finally convinced me she wasn’t my mother.”
Woody pulled me into his side, putting his arm over my shoulders. “I wish I knew you back then,” he told me and for some reason I think he really meant it. Woody tipped his head back slightly after taking another swig. “Damn, the stars are something tonight, aren’t they?” Only instead of looking up, I kept my gaze on him. “Yeah, they sure are.” As the minutes ticked by, I kept waiting for him to put some fancy moves on me, or at least to find out what it felt like to kiss him. It seemed like hours, but it could’ve only been minutes when he handed the bottle off to me again. 
I took it and as I was sipping some, Woody slinked down until he was flat on his back. “Any chance sleeping under the stars is on that list of yours?”
It was now.
“As a matter of fact it is.” I swallowed the lump in my throat knowing how long it’d been since I slept next to a man. A man that I wanted more than anything to touch me, hold me, kiss me, and do things that might even be a little embarrassing in the morning. 
I lay back next to him, but lifted up some when he stuck his arm underneath me, curling my body to his. I thought this was it. It was happening, but he just closed his eyes. 
“Hey, Woody?” I whispered.
“Yeah, Grace.”
“Are you gonna kiss me or not?”
He chuckled softly, and then the next thing I knew his finger was tracing my lips for several long seconds as I held my breath waiting for him to answer. “I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
I sat straight up like a bolt of lightning hit me. “Why not?”
He did a quick ab crunch to meet me, taking my hands in his. “Damn it, Grace, I want you so bad, I do, but in eleven days you’re going home to your daddy and that boy he wants you with. I had every intention of being with you tonight, but I don’t know if I can let you go if I start something with you. It’s taking everything in my will power to hold myself back.”
I harrumphed, but he just pulled me back down until we were back to me being curled up next to him. I couldn’t believe this. Could girls get blue balls, or maybe the equivalent of it? The next half hour Woody made small circles on my back as we talked. I couldn’t get the thought out of my head that I did something wrong, or that I wasn’t pretty enough, or my body was too fat for his liking. But somewhere between all those thoughts, Woody leaned down softly taking my lips to his, before a simple, “Good night, Grace.” 
CHAPTER 12
DANE
It had taken me an entire hour to get the balls up to kiss her good night. And it was barely a kiss. It wasn’t the kind I really wanted to give her, or the one she deserved. When she flat out asked me, I swear my cock stood at full staff, my heart felt such a sense of calm that I could barely understand it. 
I wanted her, but could I really have her? I knew I could’ve easily had my way with her last night, but she held me back without even knowing it. She seemed so innocent and I was so afraid of hurting her. In reality, she was a paycheck. She was a job that would be over when her trip was over, and then we would have to be over. I convinced myself not touching her was good for both of us, even though I hated myself for it. 
She was still sleeping in my arms as the sun started to rise and all I could think of were honeysuckles. When she finally opened up those eyes, she looked at me nervously, like she just got caught with her pants down or something. I smiled down at her, staring at those perfect lips. And told her what I was thinking. “You smell like my childhood.”
The tension came away from her as she wrapped her arm back around me. “What are you talking about?”
“When I was a little boy, I played baseball, and the field we played on had all these chain link fences around the perimeter, and they were all covered in vines with these little flowers. I can remember it like yesterday plucking them off and sucking all that sweet nectar out of them. That’s what you remind me of. You smell like the honeysuckle I used to love when I was growing up.”
I couldn’t see her expression as I told her this since she had tucked her head under my chin. I heard a small sigh escape her mouth, but then she propped herself up on her elbow with her hand holding up her head. “It’s tomorrow. You promised to take me driving.”
“How ‘bout we head back, shower, and we’ll meet back at the lobby around noon. I have some things I need to take care of first. Besides, maybe Lu would like to come along.”
“I’ll ask her.”
Driving back, I took the long way to keep her beside me a little longer. I noticed that when she didn’t like a song when it came on, she scrunched up her nose, and then fiddled with the buttons until she found something she liked. Normally, I’d find this kind of thing annoying, having her go through thirty stations in under twenty seconds. But I let her do her thing. It was kind of cute watching her bop around, humming to the music.
As we pulled up, I hopped out first to help her down, letting my hands rest on her hips. I left my truck running trying to get her to go in first so she didn’t realize I was right next door to her. “Aren’t you coming in?”
“Nah, coffee sucks here. I’m going to go find a Quickie Stop and grab one.”
She lifted my sunglasses up but kept a soft grip on them. “I’ll see you at noon, right? You’re not skipping town, or anything?”
I knew why she pulled them up. I told her why I wore them and apparently, Miss Ashton thought she could read me now. I stared back at her. “I promise you, I will be here every step of the way.”
She bit down on the edge of her bottom lip, appraising me for a minute, and then flashed her pearly whites. “Bye, Woody.” With that, she stepped up on the tips of her toes and kissed me quickly. “I had a great time.” Once she was inside, I headed out looking for an inexpensive cup of coffee, and to clear my head. 
Back at my room, I dialed Jason at the homestead. He answered straight away. “Dane, how’s the job going?”
“Hello to you too, brother. It’s going fine.”
“What’s the little princess been up to?”
“Ah, you know little dancing, little drinking. Other than that not much.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, man. She and Lu are laying low. But, umm, change of plans. It seems they want to take in a little more than Nashville on this little trip of theirs.”
“Do I even want to know?”
“Miami…” 
He cut me off, “are you fucking shitting me?”
I sighed into the phone, running my hand through my hair. “No. I’m not shitting you.”
“Fuck! Her old man is going to be pissed when I report in tomorrow.”
“Jay, man, no! You can’t tell him a thing. I promised this girl two weeks of fun without her daddy watching over her.”
“You fucking did what?”
“I had to blow my cover.”
“Dude…you’re a former fucking Ranger and you blew your cover in under two damn days. What the fuck? This isn’t like you. I promised him that you’d be discreet.”
“Look they were getting harassed by some assholes, one of them slipped Lu something, I stepped in and helped out.”
“All right I understand that, but why didn’t you back the fuck off after?”
The million-dollar question that even I couldn’t answer.
“Fuck!” I screamed into the phone. “I don’t know why.”
“I swear to Christ if you fuck this job up anymore I’m taking over and you’re coming home to deal with the other cases.”
“What’s the big deal anyway? She just wants to have some fun. I’m letting her have it.”
“Keep me posted, Dane. And back the fuck off. Wait a minute, how are you explaining Miami to her?”
“I’m playing nicely into her hands. She trusts me.”
“Dane, I need a favor from you and I need you to swear to me that you aren’t getting involved with her, because you have no idea of the shit that I’m dealing with at home.”
I contemplated lying to him, but I didn’t want to. What the fuck did I want? So I did the best I could. “I promise you I will try to keep my distance sexually, but why do I need to? It’s not like she’s going to run home and tell her father. After two weeks, I’ll be out of her life-no harm, no foul.”
“When was the last time you gave a woman the time of day?”
“It’s been a while,” I admitted.
“Exactly. Call me tomorrow. I’ll tell Winslow there’s nothing new.”
“Thanks, Jay.” After hearing him hang up, I jumped in the shower to get ready for some four wheeling that I was looking forward to a hell of a lot more than I should’ve been. 
CHAPTER 13
ASHTON
Woody was waiting for me in the hotel lobby with a smile so big it made me stop in my tracks. I swore looking around every girl was watching him propped up against the concierge desk looking sinful in his tight jeans. The funny thing about Woody was he had not one single clue in that massively gorgeous head of his just how good-looking he was. I could see him thinking when he caught me noticing his scar. And I hated knowing he thought it took something away from him, when really it added more to him. 
“You ‘bout ready for ride of your life?” he asked after he gave me a ‘hot damn you’re looking good girl’ whistle. I’m wearing a pair of my cut offs with a skintight red tank with my black lacy bra peeking out just enough to tempt him. I felt like a slut putting it on, but Lu insisted it would work after I told her last night was one of the best nights and worst nights of my life. Even going as far as Lu telling me if he didn’t kiss me today, “then baby girl, he’s kissing someone else.”
He made the necessary steps to catch up to me, as I gave my hips an extra sway walking away from him. “Better question is are you ready for the ride of your life?”
The valet took my ticket before trotting off to get my car while Woody and I waited under the porte-cochere. He looked nervous but darn if he didn’t look cute. His hair was still damp from a shower, and he pulled off that natural tousled look like a GQ model.
My shiny red Lexus pulled up and Woody raised his eyebrows at me. “Never in a million years did I think someone would get me in one of these.”
I leaned over the top. “You got something against my car?”
He crossed his arms on top of the hood and matched my stare. “Yeah, it’s not made in America. When you get home, go tell your daddy to trade that in for something American made would ya?”
Not liking someone telling me what to do other than my daddy, and I even questioned him too, I stood tall, hands on hips, trying my best to look mean. “Get your ass in my car and tell me where it is I’m going, or I’m going without you.”
He placed his sunglasses on, with a huge grin spreading across his face. “Hmm, bossy. I think I might like that side of you.”
CHAPTER 14
DANE
Before the valet could even walk away, Ashton was already waiting on me behind the wheel. Her hair was suddenly pulled back, her smile larger than life and her hand was resting on the passenger seat headrest, drumming her fingers on the leather. She had on a dark pair of sunglasses to hide behind, but I knew without a doubt what she was feeling at that moment.
Excitement!
Today we were knocking off one of her bucket list wishes. Slowly, I walked around her car, my finger gliding across the cherry red chrome. She had the top down now and damn if she didn’t look like this hot little ride was made just for her. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was.
Propping my hands on the outside, I leaned in. “I thought you wanted to hit some old dirt roads and turn it up some?”
She opened her mouth then snapped it shut. She glanced all around her, looking a bit confused at my question. She shrugged ever so slightly. “I thought we were. Is something wrong?”
I grinned trying to play with her. “It is if you want me to get in this car of yours.”
“Again, what’s wrong with my car?” She snapped all attitude pouring out of her. Something about seeing her all feisty riled me up some.
“When I offered to go, I meant my truck, seeing it’s a four wheel drive, not to mention,” I paused and tapped her nose, “as cute as you look in this, I don’t like foreign cars.”
“Fine.” She spit out before turning to the front and cranking on her engine. “I’ll just go by myself, or I’m sure Lu would love to take your place.”
“You’ll kill both of you out there,” I fired back. In all likelihood that was a possibility when it came to those two girls together.
She shook her head not willing to bend. “My list-my car. Now get your ass in here, Woody, or I’m pulling away and I mean it.”
I watched her for a quick second trying to determine if she was serious, or if I could still change her mind, but when she tipped those glasses down, shooting daggers at me, I knew I’d lost. Sighing, and rubbing the back of my neck, I jumped in her side to the back before climbing over the console to get to the front. 
Her eyes were still glaring at me, but I could tell by the way the corner of her mouth curled up just enough into a smile that she was content. “You ready to do this thing?” Her soft Southern drawl got thicker as she ended her question. I had this unbelievable desire to kiss her, but I refrained after I reminded myself not to get any closer than I already had. Although, I think that ship may have already sailed. Something about her just drew me in like no other woman had done before. I knew I shouldn’t be sitting next to her, that I should be watching her from the safety of my truck, or just keeping tabs on her, but no, like an asshole I was burying myself deeper and deeper, just to be a part of this girl letting herself go and be who she really wanted to be. 
Leaning forward, I slipped the directions out from my back pocket and handed them off to her. Her eyes met mine and I swore they danced for me, but then just as fast, she winked at me before slipping back on her shades. “Let’s do this.” It had taken me almost two hours earlier to find the perfect spot for her to let loose. 
She followed my directions without a word. I couldn’t seem to stop looking at her, just to see her bopping in her seat, belting out wrong words to almost every song that came on the radio. And even though her voice wasn’t the most angelic, I relished in the fact that she felt so comfortable sitting next to me, being herself, and doing what she aimed to do.
Let go.
Every preconceived notion of everything everyone had ever told me about Ashton Winslow was false. There was no pole up her ass; she wasn’t wound up tighter than a yo-yo, a snob, or a bitch. It was symptomatic of a life that she thought she had to lead. None of those was correct. Thank the Lord above.
This was the kind of girl I could get down with and easily call a friend, if I were inclined to be looking for one anyway.
She just needed an escape to discover who she really was and who she really wanted to be. And I was going to be the one to give it to her come hell or high water. Lost in thought, she cleared her throat and I noticed the radio was off and the car was slowing down as she turned onto the dirt road that I knew she’d be able to cut loose on. She turned to face me, so I matched her position, only I dropped my hand to rest on her knee. 
“Look, I want you to ride it nice and slow once to get the lay of the land, then we’ll swing back around and start from the beginning.”
Her eyes were trained on my hand, but slowly she lifted her face to look into my eyes. “Why can’t I just gun it and go?”
I laughed unable to hold it back, hoping not to piss her off. “Darlin’ you got six miles of road. There’s a steep climb about two miles in with a straight and fast downhill all on a mesh of shit. There’s dirt, gravel—you name it. It’s gonna be a blast to ride it, but I want you to warm up first.”
“How hard can it be? Hell, it’s just a dirt road?”
“Grace, listen to me and just give it a once over. That way you’ll enjoy it more when you really let it rip.” I pulled my hand away, but moved it to her shoulder, gently working out her knots. “You ready?”
She pulled her bottom lip in with her teeth and I couldn’t take my eyes off of her mouth. 
“Woody?”
“Hmmm?” I whispered still eyeing her wondering what her mouth tasted like. 
“The car won’t flip, or anything, right?”
“No. Like I said, do one lap slow and easy and then we’ll let her fly.”
She does the full course and I could tell when we got to the creek it stumped her. To her credit, she didn’t say anything, or show fear other than a few deep breaths before she pulled in reverse, turned it around, and headed on back.
She looked over at me quickly with a small smile. 
“Whenever you’re ready, Grace.”
Her tiny fingers fumbled checking her seatbelt, and then she checked mine to make sure I was buckled up too. Which I thought was kinda cute. She did this little neck roll, inhaled once, then twice, and then hit play on her CD player letting Luke Bryan blare through the speakers. She barely spared me a glance, but just as she did, she gave me a megawatt smile that did something to my heart, and then the feel of the car jerking forward snapped me to attention.
About a mile down the road, I thought we might be in trouble as she gripped the wheel tighter causing her knuckles to go white, but she yelled out loud, so I knew she was having fun.
“Woohoo, this is fun,” she shouted just as she was taking the car up the hill. I gripped the edge of my seat tight with my right hand before quickly eyeing the speedometer. Downhill could be a little unsettling, but with Ashton behind the wheel it was downright scary. A finely paved road was one thing, but riding on dirt roads was another beast all together. Thankfully, she had let up on the gas and even though we were coasting, the car was maintaining a generous speed the whole way down.
The next two miles went by in a blur of dust kicking up behind us, Ashton not giving in, or slowing it down and personally it made me proud to see her unraveling. Keeping my eyes strained for the creek, I knew she was going to have to take it down a notch. Once I spotted it, I felt my own body relax knowing it was almost over and we were both alive. “Time to slow down, beautiful,” I screamed over the noise of the radio and the gravel kicking up behind us. 
She immediately turned to look in my direction, smiling. “Grace you need to slow down now,” I reminded her again, taking the leather gripped wheel in my hand seeing the water coming into view. “Grace,” I yelled louder. She blinked, my words finally clicking, because suddenly we dropped speed and by the look on her face she was focusing.
The car spun in a full circle just as she panicked, letting go of the wheel. As fast as lightning, I tightened my grip, praying to the big man upstairs that we’d make it out all right. Or, at least she would. Water’s edge was coming up fast but just as the front of the car dropped in, I yanked on the emergency brake, bringing us to a painfully abrupt stop. The entire time Grace was screaming at the top of her lungs in my ear making my nerves rattle. 
The finality of the ride wasn’t exactly pretty and I was sure if anyone were watching, downright funny to see the car sitting in the creek with us in it. Luke Bryan was still playing in the background, loudly and my heart was beating so fast I could feel the throbbing in my neck. 
Grace was waving her hands in the air back and forth to the beat of the music, yelling, “I did it,” over and over again. There were beads of sweat dripping down her forehead; loose strands of hair falling out of her previously perfect hair and the smile on her face was like witnessing a child on Christmas morning-pure magic. We were both panting like heat-struck dogs on a hot summer’s day when she finally leaned her head back to look at me. My breathing started to slow; Grace matched my pace as we continued to eyeball each other. “Do you think you might want to kiss me now?”
Everything stopped. My breathing, my train of thought, and my apparent lack of discretion I’d taken on since day one of this case, because all I could think about was her lips and honeysuckle. “Yeah, Grace I want to kiss you more than I want to breathe, but I’m not sure if I should.” 
My heart was kicking my ass for turning her down right now, but my brain started functioning as I stared into those beautiful green eyes, knowing I was only going to bring pain to them someday if we continued the walk down this road.
She backed out and then turned off the car once we were on the grass. “What does that mean?”
“Grace, words can’t even begin to describe how I’m feeling right now, and fuck yeah, I want to kiss you, but me and you can only last until you go home. Can you do that?”
“I know that, Woody, but I’m still asking.” 
I could feel my heart’s pace picking up so quickly that it was like watching a hummingbird take flight. 
Reaching out, I grazed her cheek with my knuckles. “Go for a walk with me? I want to show you something.” I had found this spot when I came looking earlier this morning and I thought it was perfect. If I ever wanted to live in Tennessee, I’d want to build a house right smack in the middle of this property.
She pulled back slightly, but her hand reached for the door, her long legs slipping out of my view as she got out and slammed the door shut. Taking a breath and mentally shouting at myself once more for pushing this with her, I followed suit. Could I give her the best of me for the next several days and walk away? Could I really do that? Walk away? What if she wanted more? What if I wanted more? What if she found out it was all a lie? So many different things flashed inside of me before I was able to meet her, standing at the rear of her car waiting on me. 
I took another deep breath and said fuck the job for two weeks. When she asked me to kiss her, her eyes screamed so many things as I looked into them. The only one I liked was the hope I saw in those green eyes, all the others showed disappointment and fear, and I didn’t like seeing those feelings on her. 
She stuffed her hands into her pockets of her cutoffs just as I stepped in front of her. Slowly, not taking my eyes off her, I pulled one of her hands out and wrapped it in mine.  As I did this, her eyes followed each and every little move, until finally; I got the reaction I wanted. She gave me a just-kiss-me-now amazing temptation of a smile and squeezed my hand encouraging me.
CHAPTER 15
ASHTON
I felt like I was going to die right there on some back road in Tennessee when he didn’t kiss me. You know that moment when everything you ever wanted was dangling right in front of you and then bam… It’s all taken away in a blink of an eye. Well, that about sums up how I felt. Granted it had been a while since any one had even felt me up, let alone made me feel like I was losing something before I even had it, but Woody brought out something in me that only he could. Whenever he looked my way with that certain twinkle in his eyes, I started having thoughts that made me blush. 
Had he not made the next gesture of touching my cheek, causing me to shiver in my boots, I would’ve up and left him, walking my ass back to the hotel from sheer embarrassment alone. Albeit, I probably would’ve been doing it crying.
Something as simple as Woody holding my hand now brought out a feeling of excitement that ran straight down to my toes. The sun was warm and every few seconds a fresh breeze ran through the field allowing me to get a whiff of pure man. A scent that made me want to pull him closer and breathe him in. A scent I wanted remaining on my pillowcase and sheets the next morning just so I could smell him whenever I wanted. A scent that I swore should be bottled and sold at every department store (hell every discount store too) for purchase so every woman could have her man smell like Woody.
“Here it is,” he whispered, just before letting go of my hand. And when the warmth of his hand went, I immediately felt the loss. Glancing all around me, I took in all the tall pine trees and the big old pond sure to be warm this time of year. A few ducks swimming in a perfectly straight line started to cause a ruckus as we approached. 
Woody slowly made his way to the water’s edge. He looked scared, or nervous and I wasn’t sure why but it bothered me, seeing he was usually not put off so easily. Different thoughts clouded inside of me of how maybe, just maybe, Woody didn’t want to be here with me. Thinking it through for several minutes watching him stare out to the water, I decided it was now or never. I was Grace Winslow on this trip, not Chicken-shit Ashton who normally wouldn’t do such a thing. Mentally I prepared myself the entire fifteen steps it took until I was so close I could read the label on his cotton briefs sticking out from his jeans. He stiffened and stuffed his hands in his pockets, but looked over his shoulder with a shy smile.
“It’s beautiful out here, isn’t it?” he asked.
Taking one more step, I closed the gap tucking my arm through his, happily finding his hand waiting to take mine. “It is,” I agreed. He didn’t say anything or even glance in my direction until I leaned my head on his shoulder. 
“Grace,” he murmured my name like it was causing him pain.
“Yeah?”
A heartbeat barely registered before his lips crashed onto my mouth with such force it took me a whole minute to appreciate it. One of his hands was tugging me closer as he pressed it into the small of my back, while his other slipped softly under my hair, tugging my hair tie out. I wrapped my arms around his neck as his tongue begged for entrance as he desperately parted them with his. I moaned into his mouth finally tasting him, finally kissing someone I wanted to kiss. That small noise did something to him because the feel of his hand slipping up my shirt so warm, so intense as he deepened his kiss burned right through me. I ran my hand through his hair, dying to feel the softness of each strand, and damn if it didn’t turn me on. My insides were shaking for relief, or maybe the better word was release. It had been so long since I’d let a man bring me pleasure, or made me want it. Sure I had indecent thoughts about some of the boys in town, or maybe even a celebrity or two, but my Lord, Woody had my knees quaking, wanting to let him get familiar with every inch of me with just a kiss. Hell, I was to the point that I didn’t care if I had only this one night with him, as long as I had it. If being with Woody meant feeling this good-I was going to take him up on any offer he put out there.
“Shit, Grace I want to take you right here, but I can’t.” As each word poured out of his mouth, a little piece of me shuttered with defeat. But I persevered. “Its okay, Woody. I want to.”
His eyes were staring into mine, and I swore I could see the want and desire he had for me, but I couldn’t understand why he was fighting it. Gently his lips caressed my mouth as he softly panted into mine. “Fuck, I want you so bad.”
His hand slipped out of my shirt, running down the curve of my waist until it stopped at the top of my thigh. He was kissing each and every part of my face like he couldn’t get enough until his lips hovered over mine once more. “Wrap your legs around me, Grace.” Both of his hands glided down to my backside waiting for me to take him up on his offer.
I started to raise my right leg and I felt the support of his hand under my knee, guiding it higher, but suddenly my nerves kicked in full force. I was so out of breath, I felt like I’d run a damn marathon and I barely made it pass the first mile. We were outside and even though we were alone, I heard a noise and I became afraid someone might stumble upon us. His mouth grazed my ear, the feel of his five o’clock shadow scratching the side of my cheek. “Grace, Darlin’-now.”
I pulled back and away from his kisses. “Woody… I…”
He grunted, his hands cupping my ass, hoisting me up so I didn’t have a choice in the matter. “We’re outside, Woody,” I told him, hoping he’d see reason, but I was pretty sure Woody wasn’t the type of guy who gave one iota if someone walked in on him or not.
“I know it’s perfect,” he whispered into my ear. His lips muzzled my neck slowly, making their way lower driving me to almost not care that someone might stroll up. Each time his mouth touched my skin, I felt like I was about to break into a million pieces. Woody stopped making me crazy for a split second to look at me as he lowered my feet until they were planted back on the ground. “You okay?”
“Yeah, I think so,” I said, but even I could hear the tremble in my voice as I spoke. His hands moved upward until they were around my waist, tugging me closer to him. “Grace I’m not gonna lie to you about this. I want you, but I’ll understand if you want me,” he pecked my lips softly with his like he was reminding me of what I was saying no to, “to stop.”
I reached out cupping both sides of his chiseled face, stroking the five o’clock shadow on his jaw, causing a soft raspy sound between my fingers. Slowly, I moved my hand to trace his scar. I saw him flinch like he was afraid I might find it ugly, so I leaned in kissing the exact spot it started and ran my lips down until I’d kissed the length of it. “Woody, I want you too, just not here. I don’t feel comfortable.” 
His eyes studied mine and it was all I could do not to toss my morals aside and jump in with both feet. 
“Can I ask you something?”
“Sure. Anything, Woody.”
“I saw your list in the car. This was one of them and I want to be the one to help you check it off, so I’m going to only ask you once.”
I swallowed. “Okay.”
He looked over to the water, but trained his eyes back on me. “Do you really want me, or am I just a convenience?”
I smiled thinking about my bucket list before I kissed the corner of his mouth. “It says sex on the beach at night, and trust me when I say this; it’s you that I want to do that with.”
Woody lips curled up, his hands dangling behind my waist holding me to him. He peered over my shoulder, before spinning me around. He points to the pond and the few inches of sand and cattails growing all around. “This is kind of a beach.”
“Uh, uh.” I shook my head. “Not even close. I can barely wedge my toes in that sand.”
His fingers slipped under my shirt, grazing my skin, his thumb rubbing circles at the little spot over my hips, making me feel like I could melt right there on the spot.
“All right, Grace,” he whispered in my ear and I could feel the heat of his breath move lower as he kissed his way down until his lips reached my throat. “We’ll play it your way.” Slowly his mouth inched back up until his forehead was pressed against mine. “For now, anyway.”
Once back at my car Woody headed straight for the drivers’ side. He held out his hand, wiggling is finger. “I’m driving.”
Whatever!
I tossed him my keys, which he caught with his one hand like it was no problem. Just as I was sliding in, Woody leapt inside versus using the door again. “You got something against doors?”
He pulled his sunglasses out of the vee of his shirt, turned to me just before he placed them on. “Nope.” He smiled. With the one word and that cute as hell boy-from-next-door smile, I knew the next couple of days were never going to be enough for me.
At the hotel, Woody insisted on parking the car instead of using the valet, I relented. Once inside, he walked me to the elevator holding my hand in his, but said he wasn’t going up to his room quite yet. I wanted to ask why, but I held back being nosey. 
“What are you doing later?” He asked after pushing the button down for the fifth floor.
“Going out. Why?”
Woody leaned in and kissed the tip of my nose. “Where y’all going?”
“I don’t know yet, but I promised Lu a girl’s night out.”
His smile faded, but he didn’t look too disappointed. 
“All right, Darlin’. Maybe I’ll catch up with you later then.” The ping of the elevator came a second later. Woody stuck his foot inside; not letting it close on us. 
“Stay safe tonight, Grace.” His lips pressed against mine sending me to my happy place. When I opened my eyes, I noticed he was watching me closely. He pulled away, slowly, but his mouth lingered for one beat more. “Most importantly, Grace. Have fun tonight.” Before I could answer his foot moved away from inside the elevator and the doors immediately closed on us. I was left wondering what the hell I was thinking not including him in my nightly adventures.
CHAPTER 16
DANE
I’ve only felt this weak once before in my life. And I tried my damnedest not to remember that time during my waking hours. I truly thought I was going to be able to hold off Ashton with a few cold showers and a quick reminder that her father, and quite possibly Jason was going to kill me if I pushed this friendship any further. But hell, those eyes and smile did me in every time she looked my way. And when she kissed my scar like it was no big deal, I was damn sure it wasn’t just her body I was in love with anymore. That girl had gotten under my skin and I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to get her out anytime soon. 
If ever.
It took every ounce of restraint in me to not take her when I wanted to at the pond, or to let her get in that elevator without me. I knew by the little shiver that passed through Ashton when my hands touched her bare skin I could’ve easily talked her into it, but I wanted her to be with me without any fears or regrets. So, I pushed aside my own damn needs that I’ve held back on for way too long.
Trying to remember the way Ashton’s soft lips tasted, or the feel of her smooth skin against my calloused hands was something I hadn’t had in so long, I almost forgot what it was like to touch a woman. The feeling of that first kiss, how I could have easily told her ever single lie I was holding inside of me for just one more kiss, one more touch. Part of my brain acknowledged that fact that I would have to walk away from her soon, the other side pretended that little fact was nonexistent.
It was to the point just looking into her eyes that I knew it was quite possible that I was going to break this girl’s heart, or most likely mine, but I was feeling greedy. And after all that’s happened to me over the last few years, I finally wanted to give myself something special. Maybe I didn’t deserve her, but I wanted her. I’d figured one or two nights with her would be better than none.
Once back in my room, I could hear the music coming from their hotel room. As I pushed opened my balcony door to let some fresh air in, I heard the pair of them cackling away. Ashton had the laugh of an angel, whereas Lu had one so raspy, it sounded like she smoked a pack a day.
The feel of my phone vibrating in my back pocket caused me to step away, unable to listen to that sweet sound any longer.
“Yeah, Jay?” I answered.
“Hey, man. Just giving you a heads up Winslow called in before I could reach out. He’s waiting on a call from you. He’s says Ashton sounds happy, so that makes him happy. Meaning that sweet little bonus will come your way if everyone stays happy. You get my drift?”
“I got it, but I need to tell you something before this goes any farther.”
Silence on his end made me not want to fess up, but this was Jason and his business. I had to tell him. “I’m in to Ashton.”
A long sigh on the other end of the phone comes through, and I could just picture him sitting back in his chair with a pissed off ‘I’m-going-to-kill-my-brother look on his face.
“Winslow is a client, brother. Part of me wants to tell you that I’m excited for you, that you’re finally into someone other than Uncle Sam, but the other part wants to kick your ass. Ashton is a job, Dane. You need to let her go when this is over, or Winslow will shut me down with all his connections. You know this.”
With a trembling hand, I poured a shot of whiskey into the small glass sitting on the minibar. “I don’t even know what to say to you. I would walk away tonight and have you come take over if I could…but Jason, I need this. I need her until this is all over.”
“And what about her?”
Just the idea of hurting Ashton made my stomach and heart feel like shit. Instead of answering, I downed the glass of Jack. 
“Dane?”
“I’ll make sure she’s not hurt in the end.”
“Before you hang up, I have one very important question you seem to have forgotten to address.”
“What’s that?”
“You live in the same town, asshole. Don’t you think she’s gonna bump into you somewhere? What are you gonna do then?”
“I don’t know. I never ran into her before. Maybe I’ll head up and visit Kara and the baby for a little while. I want to make sure AJ’s baby girl gets that bonus money put away.”
“Yeah, I know you do. I’ll see to it.”
Before he could hang up, I said, “Jay, thanks, bro.”
With that, he hung up and I knew I had one call to make before I checked in on the girls. 
After calling Winslow and assuring him his so-called “little girl” was doing just fine, I headed down to the lobby bar to wait on Ashton and Lu to head out for the night. It was not until almost ten at night when I finally got a glimpse of Lu and Ashton leaving the hotel. 
I didn’t head out straightaway to avoid being spotted. After finishing off my club soda, I realized I made a rookie mistake and I never made a rookie mistake. Well, this whole operation had been one gargantuan mistake if I thought too long about it. The tail was gone. Both tracking devices were no good to me seeing their car was still parked in the garage and apparently, Ashton decided not to bring her phone out with her this evening.
Hurriedly, I jogged back into the hotel and to the concierge desk, pacing in front until he got off the phone.
“Can I help…?” I cut him off before he could finish.
“I need a list of every bar, every honky-tonk, you name it, and I need it. And I need it now.”
He rifled through a few things before producing a brochure of Nashville Nightlife. I grabbed hold of it ready to head out, but stopped. “Did you see two girls leave here about a half hour ago? One all curves, big green eyes, and a blond who’s tall and skinny.”
He grinned and I knew. “Couldn’t miss them, Sir.”
CHAPTER 17
ASHTON
“Okay, girl you need to spill everything about that boy, and I swear if you leave out the dirty parts, I will no longer be your friend,” Lu teased.
I felt the smile form even though I was trying hard not to show how deep I’d already fallen for Woody. “A proper girl doesn’t kiss and tell, Lu. You know that.”
She waved me off. “Look, who are you talking to baby girl, because I live for talking about boys and sex.”
I leaned in so no one could hear our conversation. We were sitting at a bar surrounded by so many people I could barely see the stage. Some want-to-be country singer was going on at eleven and Lu wanted to come down and watch. “Lu, do you ever stop and think about the guys you sleep with?”
Her eyebrows went up at my question. “Not really, why?”
“Cause I do. I mean I haven’t slept with Woody yet. I want to, Lu. I really like him. I don’t know what I’m going to do when he leaves. I can’t explain it—it’s like I found someone who wants me to be me and not who everyone expects me to be. You understand?”
Lu grabbed my hands in hers, staring into my eyes. “Baby girl you don’t even know his real name. How could you feel so strongly about him?”
“I know that, Lu. I’m not kidding, he’s different. He’s the perfect man for me. I can feel it all the way down to my toes. I can’t really explain it, Lu. I just know.”
Lu looked at me in disbelief, then handed off the lemon drop shooters we had ordered. She clinked my glass. “Honey, every guy wants you to believe that until they get those high priced silk panties of yours off and on their floor.” Lu followed her little speech by slamming back her shot.
Quickly, I tossed mine back. “You mean to tell me that you never wanted one of those boys to come sniffing around for a second shot?” I asked because I knew deep down Lu wanted a man in her life. She just needed to learn to trust first.
“Ashton, no one has ever tried because I make it clear what I’m looking for, and what I’m not looking for is some man to control me and run my life. Not when I can fuck it all up on my own.”
I rolled my eyes. She had her shit together, she just never tried hard enough. Sometimes I was convinced she was going to down the same nasty road her mama took. “That’s not true. What about Charlie Lucca? I know you liked him.”
Lu held up her hand to signal another round to the bartender. “Pfft…I blame Jack, Johnny and Jose Cuervo for that second time happening. He caught me on an off night.”
“He’s so adorable and I know he likes you.” I knew for a fact he was so sweet on LuLu that he didn’t feel the need to hide his feelings he had for her. The whole town knew he was holding out for her. Hell, if you asked him on any given day he’d tell you he thought she was the best woman he’d ever met.
“Ashton, I’m not the swing on the front porch, drinking sweet tea, marrying type like you are. And that’s okay.”
The drinks were set in front of us not a moment too soon. I was ready to get my buzz on. “Yeah, you are. You just know any better.”
And boy, if we didn’t get our buzz on good over the next few hours.
CHAPTER 18
DANE
“We gotta stop meeting like this,” I said with relief in my voice when I walked up behind Ashton and Lu sitting at the bar of a popular tourist trap kind of place.
Ashton swung around, almost falling off her stool when she did. My hands settled her back down, not moving from her waist until I was convinced she wasn’t going to land on her face the moment I let go. 
“Woody,” she slurred, her eyes roaming over me until she looked back into my eyes. “Why aren’t ya wearing those sunglasses tonight?”
I shook my head. “Don’t need ‘em tonight. How much have you had to drink?” I asked, knowing full well Lu was drunk but still kept her eyes on me like she was pissed that I showed up out of the blue.
I was just about to sit down when Ashton jumped up out of her seat. “Finally!” She smiled at Lu who gave Ashton a quick thumbs up for some reason, and before I could ask what was going on, Ashton was pulling me onto the small dance floor. “I requested this song hours ago and they’re finally playing it. It’s my favorite.” She swung her arms around my neck, tucking her small face under my chin. “Dance with me, Woody.”
Hell! The scent of her sweet honeysuckle hair hit my nose as I rested my chin on top of her head, gently swaying her back and forth as the latest hit played in the background. Unable to pull away from her and in all honesty not wanting to, I just held her tightly in my arms. I knew she was drunk and I wasn’t sure where tonight was going to go, but damn if I didn’t want front row seats. One-half of my brain knew I was treading on thin ice showing up like I did, but I needed to find her and make sure she was okay. LuLu sat at the bar with daggers in her eyes as she watched us, which should have bothered me more than it did. At the moment, I didn’t care what Lu’s reasons were.
Ashton pulled back, but still kept her arms around my neck. “I don’t ever want to stop dancing with you,” she said right before I couldn’t take anymore. I dipped my head down and pressed my mouth to hers. She didn’t hesitate to kiss me back, and not one of us seemed to care we were making out in the middle of the dance floor. The song came to a stop so I held onto her hand, dragging her over to the DJ booth. I pulled out a fifty and handed it over the Plexiglas partition to the DJ, “Play that song five more times,” I shouted. 
He nodded taking the money. 
“You didn’t have to do that.” Ashton said, but I could tell by the way her face lit up she was happy I did.
“Yeah, I did. You just said two minutes ago that you didn’t want to stop dancing with me. Bar’s closing in a half an hour. I figure five times ‘round should cover it.”
Ashton smiled as she followed me back to the middle of the floor. I picked up her hands, placing them back around my neck, and then rested mine on her hips. “You look beautiful tonight,” I told her because she did. She had on a way too revealing white dress that barely had a back to it, showing off her finely tanned skin. Slowly, I lifted my hand until I was touching the small of her back. When I slipped my hand lower, Ashton shivered like she always did when our skin came into contact. And I loved that it drew that reaction from her every time.
 By the fourth time Tim McGraw blared through the speakers, I thought there might just be one particular D.J. getting his ass kicked by some rowdy ass guys at the back table. But, he just kept playing it, sending it out each time to the pretty lady in the white dress on the dance floor. 
“Woody?” she murmured in my ear just as the song faded out.
“Yeah, Darlin’?” I wrapped her up tighter knowing it was the last time the song was going to be played.
“I want to go home with you tonight,” she whispered and I could hear the nerves rattle in her voice. I wanted to take her back to my room and show her what a real man could give her, but how could I?
“Grace, we’ll take Lu back, but then I’m taking you somewhere else, okay?”
“Why?”
“Trust me on this one. You’ll like it.”
CHAPTER 19
ASHTON
He said nothing as we drove out to that same little dirt road we had found the other night when we slept under the stars. I kept my mouth closed too, not sure if it was all the alcohol, or just plain nerves knowing that I may finally have a man that I wanted between my legs. I laughed under my breath knowing that I sounded like a slut, but hell, the suspense of what Woody would be like in the sac was killing me.
A man I was sure just as sugar was sweet, that he was about ready to rock my world. And selfishly, I’d kinda hoped it would be more than once.
Once he had his truck parked, Woody sat up pin straight, gripping the wheel tightly as he stared out the front window. I had no idea what he was thinking, but I could tell it was something he was battling with inside. Carefully, I reached over resting my hand on his shoulder. He didn’t move a muscle, just kept staring out the window.
“Grace, has a man ever loved you right?
“That depends on what your right and my right is?”
Woody turned toward me and pulled me across the seat until I was straddling his lap. Excitedly, I licked my lips trying to find some kind of moisture seeing as I was parched with anticipation. Woody ran his hands up my thighs, lifting my dress up so my panties were pressed against his jeans. I shivered as his hands glided over my skin unable to hide how he made me feel. 
“I love that,” The words came out so nonchalantly it took me by surprise when he said it. I dropped my forehead until it rested on his. 
“What do you love?” I whispered, anxiously waiting to know his answer.
He swallowed, but kept his eyes on me. “Every time I touch you, I feel you shiver. Every single time, Grace. I don’t even know if you’re aware of it, but it does something to me.”
I pulled back. “Have you been with a lot of girls, Woody?”
His eyebrows shot up just as I pulled back and asked him a very personal question. But seeing how we were most likely going to get real acquainted, I figured I had a right to ask. “That depends on what you think a lot is.”
It was time to come clean, because frankly I wasn’t too sure if I was any good in bed. Sure, they told you that you were during, but seeing how I lied about my orgasms each time, I was confident they could’ve lied about me being skilled. “I’ve only been with two people. That’s it. Two! Heck, I think Lu slept with two guys back when we visited our friend in college one night, and here I am with only two men in my whole stinky life.”
“That’s nothing to be ashamed about, Grace.” Nervously, I looked away deciding the outside was more appealing since I knew I was red as a beet from embarrassment. “Look at me, baby.” 
I turned back to face him. “What?” 
Woody brought my head down until my lips were pressed against his. The kiss seemed to last forever and then finally we came up for air at the same time. I blew out a breath. “I…”
Woody’s fingers pressed up against my lips, keeping me from talking anymore. “Shh, Grace.” Gently he kissed me again, but didn’t linger there too long like I wanted him to. “I’m going to make you feel like the woman I know you want to be tonight.”
Woody ran slow burning kisses down my throat down to my breasts. “Woody,” I moaned, as I threaded my fingers through his hair. 
Woody’s eyes raked down and back up until they met mine. “Scoot off for a second. I got a little surprise for you.” Scoot off? I was pretty sure I wanted to scoot on and stay put for the rest of my life, or at least the rest of the night. But I did as he asked, because what girl in their right mind didn’t like surprises from a man like Woody?
Woody hopped down and around until he was standing by my side with the door open. He reached out to help me down. Just as my feet hit the ground, Woody’s hands firmly planted around my waist and I could feel his warm breath on my face. Too nervous to speak first, I just stared at his chest until he lifted my chin with his finger. “I got one big warm blanket, one full moon and a billion stars to make love to you under, but I’m asking before I take what I want. Is this what you want?”
“Is this just going to be sex? No emotions or what?”
“Grace we have two days left together until we part ways. I promise you while this lasts it will not be just about sex.” 
My head went down not wanting to hear anymore. 
“Darlin’.” He tipped my chin back up forcing me to look into his eyes. “I just need to know that you understand that whatever we have right now and for the next couple days is all I can give you. If you can accept that then no one gets hurt in the end.”
I knew every word that was going to come out of my mouth was going to be one big fat lie and I prayed he couldn’t read my thoughts. I knew from the first time he touched me that someday he would hurt me, even if he didn’t know it. I put on a fake smile. “I’m a big girl, Woody. I’m pretty sure I can handle a few torrid nights with you and walk away.”
Woody stared down at me almost looking disappointed at my answer, but then he moved to the back of the truck to grab that warm blanket he had talked about. I tried channeling LuLu to give me some slutty inspiration as I watched him lay the blanket down on the ground. Reaching behind to my neck, my fingers undid the tie holding my dress up, until it puddled down to my ankles in the grass. A little part of me wanted to at least place it in the truck so it wouldn’t get dirty, but then I thought that might kill the mood Woody was trying to create.
A low growl came from Woody’s throat when he looked up. “God damn you are the most beautiful girl I’ve ever laid eyes on.”
I strolled over putting one foot in front of the other as I’d been taught back in my pageant days. “You’re just saying that because you’re about to get lucky.” I knew I had a nice face and great eyes, but a little part of me was always insecure with my full figure. I wasn’t heavy by any means at a size six, but men usually flocked toward the skinny ones, not the ones like me. 
I hugged my chest. “Are you sure you like what you see?” 
“Grace I’m going to tell you a secret about men all right.”
“Sure,” I said standing there in my matching panty set shaking inside like a scared kitten. 
“You are the kind of girl that men dream about. We don’t want skin and bones; we want curves. We want a real woman. And, baby trust me when I tell you this--you are my dream girl.” He held out his hand for me to go to him.
Hearing his words, I confidently waltzed the few steps until I was right in front of him. “I think you’re a beautiful man, Woody.”
He smiled for only a heartbeat before he pulled me in to his arms. Slowly he eased me back onto the blanket, hovering over me. We were both panting, staring, as if we were waiting on one another to make the first move. I needed him to do something. 
Anything.
“You make me want to be a better man, Grace,” he said right before he must’ve decided it was about that time. His mouth skimmed every part of my face until they started to lower. Woody knew exactly what to do to make me shiver in my panties. He lingered and teased just the right places with his tongue to the point I moaned his name out loud. Shifting off of me, Woody veered a little lower, kissing all the way down to my belly. His fingers glided slowly, teasing me, and the edge of my soaked panties with his very skilled hands. If he hadn’t guessed yet, I was wetter than the pond we were sprawled out next to.
I shuddered as his mouth skipped over and landed on the inside of my thigh just short of my happy place. With his teeth, Woody slowly gripped a hold of them, tugging them down until they were down to my knees. His hand worked them down the rest of the way until I couldn’t feel them anymore. I was never so aroused, so on fire before and I knew he could tell and I didn’t care if I made a fool out of myself tonight. If I messed up something, I was almost positive he wouldn’t care. He moved his amazing mouth back and forth; up and down so slow up both my legs that I thought I was going to combust. Woody moved his face closer slightly grazing his lips against my happy place. And damn did he know how to make it smile.
“Woody,” I called out as his hand slowly came up grabbing my hand in his. I was pretty sure my other hand was bleeding from digging my nails into my palm while his mouth tasted all of me.
Almost driving me to the point of outright screaming was when he finally relented and moved up my body, kissing along the way. “I knew you were going to be sweet. I love the way you taste,” he whispered as his mouth caressed mine.
Feeling bold, I grabbed his head bringing it down until his lips and mine met once more. I bit down on his bottom lip and suckled on it for a minute. “You going to keep whispering sweet nothings in my ear, or you going to do what you promised earlier?”
Woody propped himself up with his hands, grinning wickedly down at me. “I like this side of you, Grace.” Woody pushed back until he was standing. Without taking my eyes off of him, he slipped out of his jeans and tee shirt, but not before grabbing a certain foil packet out of his wallet. “I want to see you let go. You promise me that right now,” Woody said, as he stood in front of me in all his naked glory. 
“I promise. Now get down here and be with me.”
I was graced with his cocky grin once more before he crawled next to me. With my panties off and lying somewhere in the dirt, I knew I was fully exposed as he eyeballed every part of my body before his hand slowly caressed my face and smiled. 
Woody slithered his way down to my toes, each foot in one of his hands. I sat up on my elbows waiting to see what he was going to do next. Which was a bold move for me since usually I kept my eyes sealed shut and just went with the motions. I didn’t have to wait long. “Grace, I’m going to kiss every inch of you and then I’m going to make love to you like you should be loved every night. And, baby, before I’m done, I’m going to make you come so hard you’re going to forget your name.”
And I did.
Twice.
CHAPTER 20
DANE
She had fallen asleep in my arms as I watched the fireflies flash every few seconds over the pond. Waking up the next morning with her on my arm, which was now pins and needles, she looked so peaceful and content that I didn’t have the heart to move. Looking down at her, she looked like a dream come true to me. Her hair was spread out on my chest, her naked body wrapped around mine.
She didn’t see my scars, but I knew she felt them and not once did she flinch, or shy away from them. Those scars were a part of me and she seemed to accept them. I never told her the story, but I assumed she understood. Usually that was a fear of mine. My scars. But this morning my only fear was that she had had too much to drink last night and would wake up regretting me. I knew the moment I slipped inside of her, after all that time trying to hold myself together, that I was coming unglued. And damn if I didn’t wake up loving that little girl with all my heart.
After a short time, I felt her stir as the sun was high in the sky, the sound of crickets chirping, frogs croaking and birds singing in the trees made the perfect alarm clock. I braced myself as she sat up, wrapping her arms around her chest. I reached next to me and handed Grace her bra and panties to put on. She smiled but stayed quiet as a mouse. I continued to watch as she ran her hand through her hair, once she was fully clothed. I however was as naked as a jaybird. She brushed the grass and dirt off her dress the best she could, still unable to look at me. And I was getting fucking nervous with each move and each word not spoken yet.
Grace quickly made her way to my truck, grabbed her purse. She popped something into her mouth, and then came back over. She reached down, picking up my briefs and handed them off to me. “Woody I need to ask you something since last night and all.”
I slipped on my briefs, while keeping my eyes on her. “Anything.”
“What’s your real name?”
“Woody. My friends call me Woody. I told you.”
“What?” she asked exasperated. “Woody, you and I just made love. I want to know who it was with.” She sounded hurt and desperate.
I closed my eyes feeling the life being sucked out of me. I wasn’t sure if I should lie, tell her the truth, or just remain quiet and hope she accepted the silence.
“Woody do you like me at all?” Each word pained me as she spoke. I could hear the doubt and questions in her voice. 
“Grace,” I shook my head. “Of course, I do.”
Anger flashed in her eyes along with the hurt. Her hands balled into little fists beside her. “Then tell me your name?”
“Is it really going to make a difference for you to know my birth name, Grace?” Even I heard the accusation in my tone when I said her name, as if I knew she’d been lying. 
She cocked her head to the side and whispered, “It does to me.”
I took her hands in mine. “Grace last night was amazing, the best of my life. Can’t you let this one go?”
She shook her head. “Woody I lied to you last night.”
“About what?” I asked confused.
“It is going to hurt to walk away from you.” She had tears in her eyes and I had just about all I could.
“Then don’t walk away, Grace. Stay with me here and then we’ll figure something out.”
“You want me to stay?”
“Or let me go with y’all to Miami. Just don’t walk away yet.”
She sniffled as she wiped away the remaining tears that I knew weren’t going to be the last ones I caused. “I’d like that a lot.”
I reached out to pull her closer, tucking both sides of her hair behind her. “Now stop crying and kiss me good morning.” As soon as her mouth hit mine, I figured out what it was she had stuck in her mouth earlier. A mint. I smiled into her lips loving that she was worried about me caring over her morning breath.
Back at the hotel Grace insisted that I come in and drop her off to her room. Apparently, she was over me just leaving her to head in by herself. We had just passed the lobby restaurant when a woman called out my name. “Well, I’ll be! Woody is that you?”
Grace’s hand tightened in mine, but I turned to peer over my shoulder toward the semi-familiar voice. “It’s me Regina Mason. How’ve you been? I can’t believe you’re in Nashville and didn’t call me.” Regina took in the way I held Grace possessively and sneered. 
“Gina it’s good to see you.” Inwardly I cringed when I looked at her. She didn’t hold a candle to Grace and honestly I must have drank a lot more than I thought back then, because she was the complete opposite of the type a woman I went for.
“Well, who’s this?” Regina practically spat out.
Regina had been an old flame that lasted about a week while AJ and a few other boys ripped through Nashville back when we were all between deployments.
I pulled Grace closer by wrapping my arm around her waist. “This is my girl, Grace. Grace this is a very old friend, Regina.”
Regina took a step closer, shaking her head before she pushed me playfully on my shoulder. “I hardly think two years makes me that old of a friend.” As she finished her sentence, I could hear the jealousy bounce off of the word friend as she eyed Grace standing next to me. I knew this stupid girl game. Hell, I learned it back in the sixth grade. Girls and jealousy were two things that did not make a winning combination.
I glared at Regina. “Nice seeing you and all, but we have plans. So, if you’ll excuse us.” I pulled Grace along hearing her shoes click on the floor as she tried to keep up. Regina made an exasperated sigh as we hurried away, but said no more.
Grace stepped quietly toward the elevator and then hit the button to head up. “Do I even want to know?” She asked as she stepped inside.
I shook my head. “Probably not.”
She spared me a quick glance that broke my heart. “Okay.” Grace sighed and I could tell meeting Regina had put a damper on her mood. So, I wanted to lift it back up and see that smile that I fell in love with the first time she gave me one. I never thought I’d do this mushy bullshit again after Bethany. I thought I’d marry someone that I liked enough and start a family with her, raise some horses on the farm, and keep working with Jason. Never did I think that I, Dane Woods would do things I never thought I’d do, or think with one Ashton Grace Winslow. And, trust me; men did some stupid shit when love blinded them.
“So, are we staying in Nashville, or heading to Miami soon? Either way I’m looking forward to it, but if I can add my opinion, I’d love to spend it on a beach with you.” I playfully pushed her back until she hit the mirrored wall. Hell, I was to the point that if she told me we were going to China, I’d dig the hole and follow her like a lovesick puppy dog. I had seven days left and I wanted to make the most of them. In the meantime, I needed to figure out how to keep Ashton in my life and her father from finding out. No way was I handing her over to the likes of Trevor Owens, but there wasn’t a chance in hell I was going to let anything happen to my brother’s business either.
“I don’t know. Let me talk to Lu, okay?”
I swept a piece of her hair and tucked it behind her ear, and then leaned down to take a taste of her lips. “Mmm-mmm, I could do that all day.”
Grace tipped her head to the side, allowing me access to her sumptuous neck. “Stop kidding, Woody,” she purred into my ear. 
“Any chance I missed sex on an elevator on that list? Cause, girl, you say the word and I’ll stop this thing.”
Grace quickly pecked my lips, but wrapped her arms around my waist. “In your dreams.”
I grabbed her ass with both my hands and then planted one her. “After last night, Grace, I don’t think I’ll ever get you outta my head. Even when I’m sleeping.” She smiled just as the elevator opened up to our floor.
CHAPTER 21
ASHTON
That boy could melt my heart with his words. Woody seemed to care about me and this was either going to be the best long goodbye ever, or the worst. One I wouldn’t recover from.
I could feel his eyes burning a hole through my dress staring at my behind as we walked toward my room. Woody’s hands slipped back just where they were before, only this time he squeezed my backside just as he pressed me up against the door. “Am I gonna see you later?”
“I’ll see what I can work out.”
He kissed me once, twice, and sweetly too. “You do that.” Woody pulled me into his arms burying his head in my neck. The door swung open revealing Lu standing there in her nightie. “I thought I heard you out here.” I looked at Lu and then Woody who had his eyebrows raised, but then he swung those baby blues back to me. “I’ll ring your room later,” he whispered as he pulled me to the side. Lu was waiting at the door, tapping her nail file against the wood trim, impatiently. 
“I should go,” I said even though I hated not spending every minute with him. 
I stepped out of his grip, but he pulled me back in. “Where do you think you’re going?”
I looked back at Lu still standing in the doorframe, smirking. “I gotta run. Lu’s waiting on me.”
He smiled. “I know that, but you didn’t kiss me good-bye.”
“Lu’s right here,” I mumbled.
“I don’t give a rat’s ass who’s watching. Now give me those lips before I take them.”
“Fi-” 
He took them without waiting.
After ushering Lu back inside, I slammed the door and swung my gaze back to her. “What was that?”
She shrugged as she poured herself a cup of coffee from the hotel room pot. “What?”
“LuLuBelle Trainor, don’t act stupid with me. Why the hell would you come out in your nightie?” I fumed and even though I was jealous of her body sometimes, I knew I shouldn’t be.
“It was a test all right. Don’t worry he passed. He only has eyes for you.”
I harrumphed and then sat on the couch. “Lu, I’m in trouble.”
She sat down and pulled me to her. “What do you mean?” 
“Woody and I… Well, let’s just say a one-night stand, or rather a two-week, one-night stand isn’t up my alley.”
She bit down on her lip trying to hide her excitement. “How was he?”
“He was amazing, Lu. So amazing, I don’t think I can let go of him,” I said, dreamily remembering the way his mouth rained kisses all over me, and the way my toes curled when he took me straight up to heaven.
“All right, girl what do you want to do about him?”
I smiled unable to hide my feelings. “He wants to come to Miami. You don’t think that’s too crazy do you?” I prayed she’d agree, or at least tell me I wasn’t losing my mind, along with my heart.
“I think we need to go get you the smallest, itty bitty bikini that is going to knock his socks off is what I think.”
“Really?”
She pulled me in and kissed my forehead. “This trip was for you to have fun and break away from your daddy, Ash. If Woody is what you want, then take that chance.”
“What’s going to happen when the trip is over?”
She tugged on my hair playfully. “I don’t know, but don’t worry about it right now. And, Ash more than anything you need to keep your emotions separate because he will most likely keep walking.”
“I don’t think he will.”
“They all do, honey. The bad ones, the good ones, and even the semi-promising ones, they all walk away.” I hated this side of Lu. Her mother had ruined the way she thought of love, men, and relationships. The only one that lasted was the two of us as friends. And that was because Lu learned early on to trust me after proving to her that I had her back more than once as we grew up. 
“All right, Lu,” I whispered, but by the time I agreed to her heartless statement, I was concocting a plan to land her a man she could trust when we got home.
Lu and I were getting ready to head to The Oaks Mall to hit up every store to find the perfect suit when she stopped dabbing on her lipstick to look at me. “Do you trust him, Ashton?”
“What do you mean? Of course, I do.”
“Did he mention his name to you yet?”
“No,” I admitted. “I asked him this morning, but he’s staying firm on Woody.”
She made a sound of disgust and then finished priming and propping. 
“Why do you have to do that?”
Staring at me through the bathroom mirror, she said, “Do what?”
“Make me question Woody. An hour ago you were all for me and him, buying bikinis, and telling me I should make love under the stars every night.”
“Oh, good grief, calm down. I was just thinking that’s all.”
“Well stop thinking.”
“Do you know anything about him other than he was a soldier, that his name is “Woody” and his hometown?”
I really didn’t want to go there and start questioning Woody’s intentions with me because when I did, it left me with a zillion of them. I smiled widely. “Yeah, he can give a toe curling, Ohmigod orgasm.”
She smiled back, laughing. “Well, I guess a girl can’t argue with that. Besides if it doesn’t work out, at least you can chalk him off as the best fucking souvenir ever.” Lu spun around just as I was slipping into my sundress. “What the hell are you putting that on for?”
“What’s wrong with it?”
“Dear Lord, Ashton sometimes I really wonder about you.” She ran over to the drawer and yanked it open. A pair of my cutoffs and one of her tanks landed on the ground in front of me. “Toss those on. We’re shopping, not going to church. That dress screams ten years old.”
I glared at her, but admitted to myself that she was right and slipped on the clothes she’d thrown at me. 
“Much better. Now we need bikini’s and I’m thinking a quick pop in Victoria’s Secret to score something that’ll make him not want to walk away.”
“Yeah, that sounds real good,” I agreed. Every time I wasn’t with Woody, I was thinking of long distance relationships, moving out of the only house I’d ever known, and doing the one thing I never thought I’d do. Leave Daddy alone. I dreaded that thought knowing he only had me to look out for him. Hell, I knew he was a grown man, but when I wasn’t around, he ate like hell, smoked those damn pipes, and drank way too much for my liking. I’d always imagined getting married and raising my kids in my home someday. It was a beautiful home to grow up in with the barns and the acres and acres of Oak trees.
I started hoping it would be Woody, and I knew I couldn’t think like that. Not until he trusted me enough to tell me his name, because until he did, a part of me knew Lu was right. Woody was going to walk away and not look back. And I only had myself to blame for letting my heart take over.
CHAPTER 22
DANE
“I’m checking in. I already spoke with Winslow.” I was on the phone with Jason after calling Ashton and finding out they were shopping so we could head out to Miami tomorrow.
“All right, Dane. What’s the word?” I could hear him typing on the computer so he wasn’t giving me a hundred percent of his attention.
“Heading to Miami tomorrow morning. I’m following in my truck.”
Jason blew out a breath into the phone. “Dane, if you want to come home, I could always fly out this evening and take over. You could walk away now. In fact, I think it should be what happens.”
If I could’ve grabbed him through the phone, and shake him, I would have. “No, Jay. I’m going to finish this one out.”
“Can you?”
“Look, man, I ask myself everyday a million times why I’m still here kicking and screaming and why the hell AJ isn’t.”
“Dane, shit, man c’mon.”
“No! Let me finish,” I hollered.
“Maybe this is why. Maybe she is why. I know this sounds corny and stupid, but Jay when I’m with her, I don’t question it. I don’t think of AJ and why I lived and he died. She quiets everything inside of me. And if that makes me a pussy—so be it.”
“It doesn’t make you a pussy, man. What it makes you is fucking stupid. Ashton Winslow is someone you can’t have and you know it. Her dad will never allow it and you still dove in without remembering that. Why the hell would you get involved with her in the first place?”
“I’m done explaining this to you. I’m going to Miami tomorrow and spending the next week with her and I swear if you ruin the week I have left to say goodbye to Ashton, it’ll be a problem for me.”
‘Fuck’ was the only answer I got. He knew what the threat meant. And Jason never liked friction, but if he planned on taking her from me for the last few days I have, friction would be an understatement.
“Do you hear me?”
“Yeah, I hear ya, Dane. Don’t fuck this up.”
I hung up, throwing my cell onto the bed pissed and frustrated without saying anything else. I knew Winslow could put a damper on Jason’s business with all the people he had inside his fancy political pockets, but I figured I could pull this off. I’d walk away with a broken heart, but I’d walk away. And if by chance I were able to step away for a short time to keep her and the job separate, I’d come back and claim her when the coast was clear. That was if Ashton would even hold out and wait for me.
I didn’t spend that night with Ashton. I let her and Lu have a night to themselves seeing I was planning on Lu not making many appearances in Miami. Still, I kept up with them and watched from the corner of a crowded bar in my dark sunglasses and me beat up old University ball cap. It took a lot more strength than I thought I had watching them dance with guy after guy, downing shots of Bacardi and watching her shake her ass and laugh with other men.
To Ashton’s credit, not once did she let a man get touchy feely with her and it helped. Some. Each time one walked away, I almost stepped up and pummeled them down to the dirty floor. Ashton and I never exchanged numbers so I couldn’t outright call her up and pull her away, so instead, I patiently waited until they’d finally had enough and headed outside. The neon lights were brightly shining on their faces as I watched them through the murky window as they waited for a taxi to take them back to the hotel. 
Once I was cleared, I headed back myself. I knew Lu would sneak outside at night and have an extra drink and a cigarette on the balcony before she turned in, and sure enough, she was already out there when I got to my room. 
Carefully and quietly, I opened my own door, smelling the tobacco that lingered over the railing to my side. After Lu was finished I sat out on the patio chair, chewing on the Skoal I’d placed in the corner of my mouth, listening and waiting for them to fall asleep. Once the lights were out and no more voices filtered out to me, I went to bed with Ashton’s voice playing over and over again, as she told Lu how much she couldn’t wait to see me tomorrow.
As much as her words thrilled me to no end, they also forced me to acknowledge what a piece of shit I was being leading her on with something that may never pan out. I stared at the ceiling fan spinning with a hefty glass of whiskey until it lulled me asleep.
The next morning I’d been downstairs waiting in the lobby with three cups of coffee when they finally came off the elevator. Ashton’s scanned the lobby until her eyes locked on mine, and then she smiled with a sense of relief at seeing me sitting there. I had a feeling she was questioning if I would show or not.
She sashayed over to me with her beautiful green eyes trained on mine. “There’s still time to back out?” She leaned down, her mouth an inch from mine, hovering. 
Quickly, I pecked those perfect pink lips. “Why would I want to do that?”
She stood up, but continued to scrutinize me. I looked over to the table and pointed at the Styrofoam cups. “Got you that expensive coffee you like for the road.”
Lu strolled up after checking out at the front desk. “You two ready to hit the pavement?” She looked to me then to Ashton then back to me. She tilted her head from side to side, as she watched me, but then shook it off, looking like something clicked, but thought differently. I slipped on my shades and stood to grab Ashton’s bags. 
“Yeah, let’s go cross off some more of that list of yours,” I addressed Ashton quickly before trotting off to the revolving door leading outside.
“Hey, Woody!” Ashton shouted after me. 
She followed me outside with Lu on her tail. “Let’s exchange numbers in case we get separated.” She pulled her cell out of her handbag and swiped the screen with her finger. “Anytime you’re ready.”
I yanked mine out my pocket. I knew I couldn’t give her mine because she’d notice the area code matched hers and not West Virginia’s. “Just give me yours, Grace.”
She rattled off her number and I plugged it in again, and then quickly stuffed it back in my front pocket. Grace stood there looking shocked and perhaps a little suspicious. Lu wasn’t helping either; I could read her like a book. She did not trust me as far as she could throw me. And she was about ready to make it known by the look of the fire coming out of her ears.
“Did he just do what I think he did?”
Ashton was staring at me even though Lu was clearly addressing her. “Yeah, he did,” she whispered and I could tell it was just another thing that made her think about trusting me. She swallowed and grabbed her bag off the ground. “Woody don’t come on this trip if you’re hiding something from me.”
I stepped closer to whisper in her ear. “Grace, I’m not hiding anything.” It was my time to swallow hard. “I promise.” I cupped her angelic face and kissed her softly. “Now let’s get on the road. You girl’s follow me the whole way.” I thought maybe Ashton would maybe want to ride with me and lord knows I wanted her to, but she jumped inside that shiny Lexus and cranked on the engine and let it purr at the curb as Lu loaded the rest of the bags.
I didn’t know how I was going to keep all my lies straight if they continued to roll off my tongue knowing they were going to come back and bite me in the ass.
CHAPTER 23
ASHTON
The top down and our hair blowing with the wind was how we pulled off the 1A and into South Beach. Palm trees were swaying in the breeze, and buildings were shining brightly as the last rays of the sun highlighted them before going down for the evening.
I checked my rearview mirror to find Woody’s big black truck following right behind me. We were supposed to be following him, but it was like a following an old lady. Lu and I had some major excitement brewing between the two of us as we pulled onto Ocean Avenue. Hundreds of people were walking back and forth under awnings and big umbrellas lining the one side of the street. Half-naked men and women in string bikinis were roller blading on the road, weaving in and out of cars without a care in the world.
“Oh, my God would you look at this place, Ash? It’s so beautiful.”
I smiled taking everything and everyone in as we continued down the road slower than turtles. There was such a laid-back vibe that I instantly felt relaxed and comfortable.
“I want to move here,” Lu exclaimed with a big old grin on her face.
I shook my head. “You’d get sick of it, Lu and besides, I won’t be here, so you can’t.”
A few seconds of silence, the radio playing low, Lu turned to me just as we reached the hotel that she booked a few days prior. She had to use her one and only credit card to reserve it, so my daddy couldn’t find out about our little side trip. But, I’d had enough with me to pay for it all in cash and do some serious damage in the boutiques while we were here.
“What about him?” She pointed behind us with her thumb.
I shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess he’ll get a room or bunk with us.”
“Oh, hell no, Ashton. You are not sucking face in front of me in that room all week. That boy needs his own room. I am not sharing a room with a guy I’m not gettin’ any from.”
I punched her playfully on her shoulder and rolled my eyes. “Okay, Lu. I understand.” And I did, but I still wanted to sleep next to Woody every night while we were here. But I would never leave Lu hanging like that and she knew it.
Woody being Woody pulled up next to me and rolled down his window right after we pulled up to the valet. “Grace, I’ll meet you inside in five. I’m going to go park my baby.” He winked and flashed me a smile.
I closed my eyes and grinned, doing a happy dance in the seat of my car as he drove away. “Dear God, Ashton, hold yourself together. It’s just a man.”
I turned off the engine, but left the keys dangling. “And what a fine man he is and he’s mine all week long.”
“Remind me to take you on more vacations. I love when you’re away from that SOB father of yours.”
“LuLuBelle Trainor, don’t talk about my daddy like that,” I said in a mocking voice. But we just laughed.
I felt his hands and smelled his scent as he wrapped them around my waist as I was in line to check in. Lu had run to the bathroom to fix herself up since she thought the check in clerk was hot. “The three of us getting a room together?” He rested his head on my shoulder, kissing my exposed neckline. 
“Umm… The thing is…,” I started saying.
He cut me off. “I was just messing. I’ll get my own, but Grace you gotta promise to be in my bed at the end of every night.”
“What about Lu?”
“I don’t like spectators. Unless you’re into that sort of thing?”
“Haha, funny man.” I turned, kissing him right on his mouth.
“Next,” the clerk yelled out. I’d made my move toward the desk, but Woody stepped in front of me. 
“How you doing,” Woody looked at his nametag, “Kurt?” 
Kurt smiled at him, but kept typing something on his computer. “I’m going to need two rooms for seven days and I’d appreciate it if they could be adjoining, or right next to each other.”
Kurt looked up from his keyboard. “Let me see what I can do.”
I shook my head, but slipped underneath Woody’s arm. “Actually, I have a reservation under LuLu Trainor.”
Kurt was not being very coy as he checked out my cleavage as if they were laid out especially for him. Woody growled quietly, but I heard him. I elbowed him to shut him up, but he wrapped his arms around my neckline to hinder Kurt’s view.
“Ah, yes, I have it right here,” he said to me, and then looked behind me. “Mr.?”
“Woody,” he said firmly.
“I can give you a room at the other end of the hall from Miss Trainor. That’s all I have on that floor.”
“Why don’t you check again? Matter of fact, do you have one of those suites that has more than one bedroom?”
Kurt went back to his keyboard and looked up smugly a minute later. “We do have one, but it’s expensive, Sir. It’ll run…”
Woody held out his hand and ushered me aside. “We’ll take it.” He handed him his credit card and I instantly went up on my tiptoes to try and see the name on the front. Woody spun me around as Kurt ran it through the doohickey. “Think Lu will have a problem with this?” Woody gave me a long, sweet soft kiss that made the butterflies instantly appear.
“Have a problem with what?” Lu boomed from behind us, but I could tell she was checking out Kurt as she asked us. “Woody got us a suite.” I slipped out his arms and moved to her. “I hope that’s okay?” I asked knowing she knew I was pleading with her to agree.
She eyeballed Woody for a second then swung her eyes back to me. “Do I have my own bathroom?”
“You do,” Kurt chimed in.
Kurt handed the keycards in a little envelope to Woody and we all headed up to the top floor to see the suite Woody paid for.
Lu wisely took the smaller room after we checked out the place even though Woody gave her first pick since she was being so cordial to him. She went in hers to get ready for the night and I followed Woody into ours. 
One thing that I loved about fancy hotels was the bed. This one didn’t disappoint either. It was big, had plenty of fluffy pillows, the whole thing done in a bright white colors with a small ocean blue colored pillow in the middle. I stared too long, or at least Woody thought so since he had me on my back before I had a chance to look out the window.
“I’m tired from driving all day. I feel like staying in, ordering room service, and making love to you all night long.” I sat up some to kiss him quickly, but Woody pinned my arms behind my head, and then proceeded to rain kisses all over my lips until his tongue plunged inside my mouth driving me wild. I wrapped my legs around his waist, pulling him down until he gave in and was lying on top of me. 
“You keep attacking me and we’ll never get out of this room,” I murmured. 
“That’s the idea, sweetheart.” Woody nuzzled my neck, slowly working his way lower. He released my one hand, but still had the other pinned over my head. His fingers pressed into my hips for an instant before they slipped under my shirt. With skilled hands, he unclasped my bra and then ran his hand over my breast, teasing and taunting me with his kisses and with every heated touch.
I could feel his hard on digging into me, but I knew in the back of my head that Lu was expecting me to come out ready to get my wild on. “Woody?”
“Yeah,” he looked from kissing my stomach.
“Would you be adverse to a quickie?”
He gave me the most genuine smile I’d seen yet, and then laughed softly. 
“What’s so funny?”
“You and the word quickie don’t go together that’s what. But if that’s what you want, I won’t argue.”
“All right then,” I agreed since I didn’t want to argue either. A quickie with Woody sounded kind of fun.
Woody was still smiling as he slithered up my body until his lips touched mine briefly. “All right then, what?”
I looked at him confused. I could’ve sworn I made myself clear as a bell. “Well then, make love to me quickly before Lu pounds on the door.”
He shook his head with a big grin on his face. Then without leaving any of the good stuff out, he made love to me quickly.
CHAPTER 24
DANE
The first night had been a bust. We were all too dog-tired to let loose until the wee hours of the South Beach clubs. Who the hell needed to stay out clubbing and drinking until five in the morning quite frankly, baffled the fuck out of me.
Ashton however couldn’t get over the way the town lit up at night. I loved watching her take it all in, smiling and taking photos of cross dressers, hobos, drunks, and scantily clad women walking the streets. People must have a lot of patience and a sense of humor to live in these parts to put up with all this fuss day in and day out. Me? I’d take a back road, a big creek full of fish and a pretty girl by my side over this any day.
Ashton had come to bed dressed in a sweet little black number last night that had me almost blow my load in my shorts before she made it to the bed. That sexy piece was balled up on the floor along with my briefs and Ashton was curled up in my arms, her soft hair flowing over my arm, and her leg tossed over mine. I played with her hair, letting the strands slip through my fingers until she stirred.
“What time is it,” she asked in a sultry bedroom voice.
“We,” I guided her hand underneath the sheet, “have been awake for a while and we want to play.”
I could feel her smiling on my chest. “Are you trying to kill me?”
“Death by sex would not be a bad way to go, Darlin’, but I promised to help you with your list.”
She sat up, her chin resting on my chest, but her hand below where I had placed it. “Having sex morning, noon and night is not on my list.”
“We may need to modify that then. Cause I think it should be,” I said right before I rolled her over and kissed her.
She tried to pull her hand out, but I pushed it back down. “Woody I need to brush my teeth.”
“I don’t give a shit about your morning breath, Grace. Now stop worrying about it and give me a proper start to my morning.”
Lucky for me, Grace had no issues with starting the morning off right.
Grace was in the shower, so I stepped into the main room to start a pot of coffee. LuLu was already perched on the stool, stirring sugar into her cup. “Morning,” she said.
“Mornin’.” I smiled and then grabbed a cup from the cupboard and filled it up all the way thinking about how much I enjoyed waking up with Ashton on my chest.
“What’s that tattoo mean?”
I turned around. “Which one?” I’d forgotten to put on a shirt before I walked out not thinking about Lu being here.
“The one on your right shoulder.”
“It just means brother in Theban script.”
“So you have a brother?” I propped up against the counter, trying to figure out what she was fishing for.
I crossed my arms and eyeballed her. “I have many brothers, Lu. I was in the Army. Started off with the ROTC when I was eighteen.”
Lu kept looking at me weirdly without saying a word and it was making me more nervous than a cat under a rocking chair. Normally I wouldn’t care, but reading her eyes, I could tell something piqued her interest. She was smarter than I’d been giving her credit for. I glanced at her one more time before deciding it was best to make myself scarce until Grace appeared. She grabbed my wrist as I started to walk by. “Hold up a sec, Woody.”
Without looking down, her hand still gripped my wrist. “What is it, Lu?”
“Look at me again?”
Nervously, I swallowed the lump that suddenly formed in my throat. “Excuse me?”
She released her grip. “Like you did before. Look at me again.”
Stupidly, I looked at her. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I only made it a few steps away before she yelled.
“Ohmigod!” she shouted, causing me to stay put, since I was afraid of what was going to follow her outburst.
“I didn’t notice until just now.” She yanked out her cell, her fingers typing away until she finally looked back up to me. “Holy shit! I didn’t put it together since I never met you. But that tattoo. I knew I’d seen it before, and those eyes, well, they give you away. What I want to know,” she looked back down at her phone, “Dane Jonathan Woods, is what the hell you’re up to?”
Quickly, I took a seat, and then chanced a glance toward the bedroom door. Still in the clear, I faced Lu. “Look, LuLu it’s not what you think all right.”
“Well, I think you have about five seconds before Ashton starts to look for you, so spill, or I’ll tell her who you are and you can say adios to Ashton.”
“You can’t. I’ll explain everything to you, LuLu. I promise.” 
She looked over my shoulders, whispering, “I hear her coming.”
“Please, Lu, I’m begging you not to tell her. She’ll be crushed if you do. It’s about her Daddy.” That shut her up and shut her up quickly.
“What did I miss?” Grace stood next to me, gently placing a quick peck on my cheek. 
“Nothing. I was just asking Lu what she thought about Miami is all.”
“It’s gonna be so much fun here,” Ashton squealed, squeezing my hand. She looked to Lu next. “Don’t y’all agree?”
Lu did not look amused at all, in fact, Lu looked like she was about to spill everything to Ashton. Her arms were crossed, and her eyes bore into the pair of us, as she debated what she should do with her new information was my guess. “What’s wrong, Lu?” Ashton asked. 
Her gaze shifted to Ashton. “It’s nothing. It’ll be fun.”
I blew out a deep breath I’d been holding since Ashton had walked out. I knew I dodged a bullet, but for how long was the better question.
After swimming all day and watching a few topless women strut by like their boobs weren’t bopping around, we headed up a few blocks off the beach to a tiny bar. The sun was scorching hot so we took a chance and headed inside. It was crowded with only the back corner having a few open seats. I gestured for the girls to take the vacant stools completely aware of Lu giving me the silent treatment all day and the stink eye right in front of Ashton. Luckily, Ashton was pretending the tension wasn’t there, or she flat out missed it. I was betting on the pretending.
The girl’s ordered some fruity tropical drinks while I settled on an ice cold Bud to cool me down. The one downfall to open-air bars and restaurants down here was the fucking heat. It was hotter than hell’s waiting room inside this bar.
After a few more drinks, Lu was getting loosened up and I was terrified she’d let it all come out to Ashton if she kept on drinking. A couple fellas’ had been eyeing her up for the past half hour so I waved them over. Ashton gave me a quick once over look without saying anything, but figured out what I was doing. “You boys from around here?” I asked handing off two beers.
“Nah, mate. We’re from New Zealand. I’m Brian and this here is Chris. Thanks for the beers,” he said clinking his friends then holding his bottle up to Lu’s. 
Ten minutes later, Lu was off in a corner with Brian while Chris kept Ashton and I company. Not that I wanted it. But over the two, I’d take him right now.
“I can’t believe you,” Ashton whispered when Chris turned to check out a few girls walking in. 
I shrugged taking another pull on my beer. “We won’t let her out of our sight, I promise. Let her have fun.”
“He better not be some rapist, or criminal, Woody, or I swear,” she raised her voice slightly.
I smiled. “Or what? What are you going to do me? Because I can think of a few things off the top of my head that we haven’t done yet.”
Chris gave the chin lift and moved on to some girl I noticed he locked eyes with while Ashton was busy pretending to be pissed at me.
She smiled and wrapped her arms around my neck. “Well, it’s real, real hot outside,” she said slowly in this sexy tone that already had me hard.
“You want to check that one off your list tonight?”
She pulled me in closer, her legs separating as I wedged in between them. “Maybe,” she whispered as she grabbed the scruff on my chin, pulling my mouth down to hers. All I could taste was the lingering coconut on her lips from her drink.
I had as hard a time with resisting that coconut taste on her lips about as much as her honeysuckle scent. 
“Baby I think we should knock off two from that list tonight. We’ll swim in the dark and then I’m going to take you on that beach.”
Instead of heading back to the hotel to get ready, Brian and Chris convinced Lu to stay out and have a few more drinks. That meant Ashton and I were stuck on babysitting duty. One of the hotels had an outside bar that according to Brian didn’t get crazy until after midnight. I looked down to my watch; taking in the fact it was only after eight and the sun was still blazing down on us. Right now, I had only two things on my mind: swimming naked with Ashton and then sex on the beach.
CHAPTER 25
ASHTON
I’d already had three Pina Coladas from the first bar and now Woody was buying shots for all of us at the second club. Woody placed a shot of something sweet in front of me. I raised my eyebrows and firmly planted my hands on my hips. “Are you trying to get me drunk?”
“Little something to take off the edge,” he dipped his mouth until it brushed softly over my lips. “We’ll get you water next, and then we need to see Lu back to the hotel.
I shook my head. “She’s not going to want to head back this soon. Not now,” I told him as I pointed to her and Brian on the stool behind him making out.
“Fuck!” Woody exclaimed then downed his shot, and then proceeded to order another for himself.
Club music was pumping through the outdoor area, a stage was set up at the front end with a D.J. spinning his records making me want to get up and move. Woody was being somber and I didn’t like it one bit, so I tugged on his hand and placed it under the mesh dress I had on. Since we never made it back to the hotel Lu and I still had our bikinis on, but I had on a sexy little cover up to wear over my bathing suit.
“Dance with me, Woody.”
Woody’s hand slid up until his finger ran under the edge of my suit. He growled as he shook his head. “Don’t test me, Grace,” he said under his breath.
“What am I doing?” I asked, just as I scooted forward enough that his hand moved with it and his eyes locked with mine. 
“Don’t start something you can’t finish, because I will sure as hell take you inside that hotel and find a bathroom.”
“Well dance with me so I don’t have to tease you anymore?”
“That’s just gonna make it worse, baby. You want to dance, go ask Lu. I hate this techno bullshit.”
“I will, but Woody, if a slow song comes on, you better meet me out there.”
“I wouldn’t miss it.” Woody grabbed my chin and kissed me hard before he swatted my backside as he softly guided me toward Lu and Brian.
It wasn’t long before a slow one came on and Woody was true to his word. He’d come out and found me, pulling me away from Lu. Something about being in his arms made me feel safe and content, so I just let him rock me back and forth.
I felt a tap on my shoulder pulling me from my daydream of Woody and me together forever. Lu was standing there when I turned around. “I need to go to the bathroom. C’mon,” she pleaded. Woody grabbed me a little tighter than normal and Lu noticed. “It’s just the bathroom, Woody. I’ll bring her back.”
Woody glared at her as if he was warning her about something. “Make sure that you do.”
Lu pulled me out of his grip and toward the side of the bar where the bathrooms were located. I looked over my shoulder to see Woody stepping back up to the bar with Brian. Chris disappeared after he met a girl who was drinking Vodka and red bull like it was water. One minute they were on the dance floor, the next they were gone, leaving us the happy foursome.
We were both freshening up at the mirror when Lu blurted,  “I’m going to take him back to the room tonight. I hope you or Woody don’t have a problem with that.” 
I splashed a little cold on my face and looked at her. “Lu, honey you don’t even know him,” I warned her, hoping she see sense.
“You mean like the way you didn’t know, Woody? But he’s sharing a bed with you.” 
I frowned. “That’s different.”
Lu got in my face, which was something she rarely did. 
“The fuck it is.”
I went right back at her. “I’m just looking out for you, Lu,” I raised my voice, which landed us a few gawkers.
“You should really look out for yourself and not worry about who’s sleeping next to me.” Lu got in the last word. She always did. She stormed out of the bathroom, while I was left with several people shaking their head and tsking me.
Woody was right outside the bathroom door by the time I pulled myself together. I wanted Lu to have fun, I did, but sometimes she didn’t make the best of judgments. Brian seemed nice enough and I knew she was a big girl. And we’d be there if something did happen, so I brushed it all off and walked out with my head held high.
“Everything all right?” Woody asked when I walked up to him.
“What do you think of Brian?”
Woody pulled me in and dangled his hands over my hips. “He’s not my type.”
I gazed up at him. “I’m serious, Woody. Lu is taking him back to the room tonight. Do you think we should let her?”
He kissed the tip of my nose and smiled. “I’m pretty positive that girl can take of herself and Brian seems fine.”
I started shaking my head, but Woody tipped my chin up. “I wouldn’t let it happen if I thought something more was happening than a one-night stand, okay?”
Woody ran a finger down my neckline until it reached my cover-up. He ogled my chest as he held the flimsy cotton out an inch then locked eyes with mine. “Besides you and I have something to do.”
I grinned and tapped my chin pretending to be clueless. “Hmm, you might need to remind me, because I can’t remember right now.”
Woody scooped me up in his arms as if he was carrying me over the threshold and carted me right out of that place and across the street to the beach. Once we hit the sand, he placed me down and pointed. “I’ll race ya,” he whispered as he kissed my cheek, but then took off like a shotgun.
I screamed the whole way for him to stop, but he didn’t listen, so I forged ahead, sand kicking up behind me without bothering to take off my cover-up. I lapped into the water while the moon lit up Woody’s face. He must have gone under while I was running because his hair was wet and slicked back. I stopped once the water slapped up against my ankles. 
Woody placed his hands on his hips, smiling. He held out one of his hands. “Get your ass out here before I come get you. And, Grace, trust me when I say you should come to me.”
“I’m coming,” I said loudly, looking down at the water debating if I really wanted to do this.
“What’s wrong?” Woody yelled out.
“I think you might need to come get me,” I admitted. 
“I’ll come get you, but first tell me what’s wrong?”
“I can’t see for fish, or crabs, or what about sharks? I watched this episode on Shark Week that they do their hunting at night and sometimes come pretty far in.”
Woody swam until he stood back up and hovered over me. With his one finger, he lifted my chin. “Darling, I’ll kill anything that even touches those pretty toes of yours. Now jump on and let’s go for a swim.”
Woody cupped my ass and hoisted me until I had no other option but to wrap my legs around him. And he took me swimming.
CHAPTER 26
DANE
Ashton was soaked and tasted like the salt water we just swam in. Every inch of her, from her lips to her shoulder, and down to her stomach, as my mouth roamed her body. She’d been nervous to come sit by the lifeguard stand, but if we were knocking that one off the list tonight, I wanted her to feel comfortable. And the lifeguard stand area was deserted compared to the water’s edge.
You could see the glitzy lights of Ocean Avenue and hear the people having fun; music was strumming, and as it echoed off the water, it caused a slight vibration in the sand.
“Woody it’s too sandy,” Ashton murmured in my ear as I sucked on her neck. I was never one for hickeys, but I wanted to mark my territory like a dog marked his.
I pulled my mouth away from her luscious neck and pecked her lips. “Girl, we are on a beach. What did you expect?”
She cocked her head. “I don’t want to get sand up my ass and you know,” she paused. “Other places,” she whispered.”
“Come here,” I grabbed her, my hand pulling her up and on top of me, until she was full on straddling me.
“I will gladly take one for the team if it means being inside of you right now.” I lifted up her soaked dress until it was up past her waist and just her bikini bottoms were rubbing against me. Her fingers came down and I heard the ripping of the Velcro from my swimming trunks come undone. She sat back some in order to slip her hand inside and my dick sprung free and out of the confinements of the suit.
I reached inside the pocket of swimming trunks for the condom, but it was gone. “Fuck, baby, I lost the condom.”
Grace rubbed up against me, kissing my mouth. “It’s okay, Woody, I’m on the pill.” I almost questioned why, but then I didn’t care. I just wanted inside of her.
“Grace, do you want me to take your bottoms off, or just push them aside?” Grace was panting heavily as she leaned her forehead against mine.
“I don’t care, do whatever you want. Just be with me.”
I opted for the second option since it was a timesaver. Grace was moving faster than I wanted because I wasn’t going to make it long if she kept it up.
“Baby slow down a minute,” I said as I kissed her lips.
“Shit! Woody I think someone’s coming. Pull out.” Grace started to get up, but I pulled her back down gently.
“Grace, I’m not about to pull my dick out of heaven because some drunks are walking on the beach.
“But, Woodeee,” she pleaded.
I held my hands tightly on her hips. “Baby no one can tell,” I assured her gliding her skirt back down to cover her ass up.
“But they might see me bopping up and down.”
I laughed out loud. I couldn’t help myself. There I was on a beautiful beach, inside of a beautiful woman, and laughing my ass off; but somehow, I still managed to stay rock hard inside her.
“Don’t you laugh at me, Woody.”
I cupped her face and tapped her lips with mine. “I’m sorry, Baby, I swear it. It’s just that I can’t believe you referred to fuckin’ me as boppin’ up and down like you were riding some damn pogo stick.”
“Shoot! I’m sorry.” Grace ground down on me slowly, making me moan her name as I buried my face in her neck.
“Don’t be sorry. I love that about you.” She flinched when the word love spilled out of my mouth. “Fuck those people, Grace and just let yourself go, okay?”
And damn if she didn’t let herself go. Grace went out with a bang that I knew turned some heads up on that street.
~~~
It was only a matter of time before Lu was going to corner me and drill me with questions. Ones that I really didn’t want to answer, but knew I had no choice.
Ashton had headed out to Lincoln Road to get some shopping in since Lu hadn’t emerged from her room since the night before. Once we left the beach, Ashton insisted on knocking on her bedroom door to make sure she was safe and sound. Lu graced us with a sheet held up to her chest, grinned and shut the door giggling like a schoolgirl. 
I was sitting out on the balcony drinking my black coffee and taking in some sunshine when I heard the door slide open. I could’ve gone shopping with my girl, but I knew I had to take care of Lu before she did anything stupid. It wasn’t often I got a chance to be with her alone, so I took that small window of opportunity.
She sat down, placing her cup on the balcony table, and then tucked her feet underneath of her. Not once did she look my way, or say good morning like she usually did. You could cut the tension with a knife it was so thick. I hated tension, so I was going to be the one to hack through it. 
“Brian leave?”
“Yep,” she said and then took a sip of her coffee.
“Did ya have fun?”
“Yep.”
“All right look here, Lu, let’s just do this so we can move on with the next five days without you wanting to kill me. There are only so many times Ashton’s going to let it pass by like there’s nothing going on between us.”
Finally, she turned to meet my eyes. “Okay, buddy I want to know right now what the hell is going on? If I think for one-second you’re lying to me, I’m telling her everything.”
I took a deep breath and then let it out. “Bottom line is her daddy hired my brothers firm to follow you two around. He wanted to make sure nothing happened to her and Jason gave me the job since he was loaded down with other cases.”
“Shit! That guy is an asshole,” she paused. “All right, so why lie to her anymore? Let’s just tell her the truth.” 
“There are a few reasons why I don’t want her to know.”
“And those would be?” She demanded.
“One, she loves her daddy and I don’t want to hurt her with the fact that that man doesn’t trust her. He means the world to her. Two, I make a big bonus if she doesn’t find out, and no, the money isn’t for me before you ask. Three, I really want to be here to see her have fun before she’s handed over to the asshole Trevor Owens.”
“How do you know about him?”
“It’s my job to know, Lu. Can you keep this secret from her, or not?”
“I don’t know. Look, I need to tell you something, and don’t freak out, okay?”
I nodded.
“Ashton’s falling hard for you, and I admit I’m not a fan of your little brother, Josh, seeing he fucked me then dumped me.”
“I’m not like Josh, Lu. I’m completely the opposite. I’m loyal to a fault. Ask anyone that knows me. As far as how Ashton feels about me, I’m not sure what to do with her feelings about me. I really like her and I really want to keep seeing her. I know if she finds out about me she’ll probably never forgive me. I’m asking you for the next few days to play along and let us both have whatever it is that’s happening. She came on this trip for a reason. Let me be that reason.”
“You mean you’ll walk away, and I’ll be left cleaning up after your sorry ass, and she’ll be marrying fricking Trevor Owens. Ugh! God, I hate that boy.”
“It’s how it’s gotta be, Lu. I have to walk away for some time, but I’ll come back for her when I feel I can. And trust me. I ain’t letting her get married to that asshole. I’ll break down the church door before that happens.”
“She won’t forgive you, Dane. I know her. If I don’t tell her about you, I risk losing her friendship. She’s the only person I love. Hell, she’s the only person that loves me back.”
I chuckled. “You know that’ll never happen. You two are thicker than thieves.”
“Even thieves have feelings, Dane.”
“All right, listen up. I’m staying, but I’m taking off a day early to head home. Winslow has no idea that I’m ducking out on this job early so keep it zipped about that. While Ashton’s sleeping, I’m going to walk out, leave a note or something. After a little while, I’ll come and tell her everything, but I’ll leave your name out of it. It’s just a few weeks or so, and then we’ll move on from there.”
Lu was shaking her head violently.” Uh-uh, Dane. No way are you slipping out without saying goodbye to her. She’ll freak.”
I stared out to the ocean, drinking my coffee while I let the idea of leaving Ashton sink in. I glanced over to Lu. “I’ll say goodbye in my own way. Trust me; this will be easier than a painfully long goodbye on Saturday.”
“This whole fucking trip has been one painfully long goodbye, Dane.” She grabbed my arm as I stood to head back inside. “She better not find out I knew, or I swear I’ll hunt you down and rip off your balls.”
“Classy, Lu. Real classy,” I snapped. Just as I opened the door, a shot of cold from the air-conditioner hit me and I turned. “Your secret is safe with me. I promise.” I walked inside and toward the room that I shared with Ashton to jump in the shower before she got back.
CHAPTER 27
ASHTON
Woody came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist just as I entered the bedroom. Boy, was I glad I cut my shopping trip down to one store.
I placed the bag down of a pair of boots I bought while I was shopping next to the side table by the bed. Woody watched me carefully as I scanned his chest wondering what all those tattoos were for. “Can I ask you something?”
“Yeah,” he said as he walked toward me.
“What’s with all that ink?”
He dipped his head down and then back up. “What do you mean?”
I shrugged. “Why do you have so many?”
“Every single one of these means something to me, Grace.”
He stepped in front of me as I placed my hand on his shoulder, tracing my finger down the side of his ribs, examining each one. “Like what?”
“War, death, love, friendship. What, you don’t like them?”
“They’re fine.”
His hand grabbed mine and held it to his chest. “That’s it, they’re fine?”
“What do you want me to do, drool all over each one?”
He grinned, knowing I was teasing. “Nah, maybe just lick ‘em one by one.”
I rolled my eyes and flopped on my stomach on the bed. I pulled my list with my pencil on top off the side table to check off the two new things I’d done. Woody hovered over me, his wet head dripping onto my sheet.
Quickly, I pushed it toward the pillow. “Hey, you’re getting it all wet and smudged.”
“How many more?” He asked as I felt his body come down on me. His arms trapped me inside as they rested next to either side of my body.
“Let’s see. I count five. Actually, make that six. I already checked off five.” I scribbled one more to add to the list.
“How did you come to five when I’ve only been a part of four?”
“You weren’t there for a road trip with my best friend.”
“Whatcha writing now?”
“Will you take me to get a tattoo?”
“Grace, I don’t thin…”
I cut him off as I flipped him off me. As I straddled him to get his attention, his towel slowly slipped away. And I knew I’d get my way if I asked the way he liked me to ask. “Just something little to remember this trip.” I leaned down, knowing full well my chest was right in his face before I kissed him hard and long. 
Woody groaned into my mouth as he flipped me over onto my back. “Your Daddy is going to kill you.”
“One, do not bring up my Daddy while I’m trying to have sex with you. And two, he won’t see it where I plan on putting it.”
Woody slipped his hand to undo the button on my shorts and pulled the zipper down. “It hurts like a bitch, Grace.”
“You didn’t seem to mind. Look at you.” Woody slowly tugged my shorts off and threw them on the ground. 
“I don’t mind pain, but something tells me you do and I don’t want to see you hurting.” Instead of arguing over it, I just smiled and pulled him down hard, and a second later, he was inside of me.
After Woody satiated my appetite for him twice, we took a shower together where he satisfied me once more. Lu left a note on the counter that said she was meeting Brian and not to expect her until later on in the evening. I wanted her to have fun, but it also wasn’t like her to take off without making sure I hadn’t made plans for us already. I had. I stopped on my way back and made dinner reservations at this fancy place I wanted to take her. And of course, Woody too. 
“What do you want to do today, girl?”
I turned and frowned. 
“What’s the matter?” He asked.
I shrugged my one shoulder and handed over the note. “It’s not like her to not talk to me first.”
Woody leaned over and kissed my cheek. “I saw her earlier, she told me to tell you. I forgot seeing my mouth was occupied.”
“But I made reservations at a seafood restaurant I wanted to take the both of you too.”
Woody read the slip of paper and smiled up at me. “She says she’ll be back and I will be the one paying for dinner. I don’t do the whole woman’s lib thing.”
I placed my hands my hips and stared him down. “That’s ridiculous.”
“Look here, Grace, I am a man, and I don’t let the woman I’m with pay my way. If I go, I pay.” He paused and smiled. “Now do you want to get that tattoo or not?” 
I could never stay mad at him when he looked at me like that. Excitedly, I stepped forward. “You really are going to take me to get one?”
“Is it on your list?”
“Yeah,” I said as matter of factly. 
He held out his hand for me to grab on, so I did. 
CHAPTER 28
DANE
After hitting up a small pub and searching for the reputable tattoo shop that I’d googled, we headed out after I had Grace throw back two shots of Tequila.
Luckily, I called and they had an opening an hour later. So, after window-shopping and Ashton nearly biting every nail on her pretty little fingers, we arrived with a few minutes to spare. While Ashton went through the different designs, I approached the dude who was getting ready to see a part of Ashton I wasn’t too keen on sharing.
“Hey, man you got time for a quick one for me after you do her?”
“I can squeeze you in.”
We bumped fists. “All right. Go gentle on her will ya.” He shook his head. 
Ashton came over, smiling but I could tell she was nervous. “Why’d ya pick?”
She looked past me and to the tattoo artist. “I’d like this palm tree, please.”
“All right. Lay down on the table and I’ll be back in a minute.”
Grace wore a skirt with a loose elastic band so she could pull it down to bare her bikini area. I squirmed watching her settle back on the table. “Woody can you hold my hand while he does it.”
I stepped around to the opposite side of the tools. “Sure, Grace.”
He stepped out from behind a curtain and stood over her. “You ready?”
“I think so.”
The familiar buzzing sound started as he began working on the outline and I wanted to run out of there. Grace was squeezing my hand and praying under her breath and asked a  consistent, “is it almost over” question. 
I stood behind her, leaned down and kissed her forehead. “Once the outline’s done, it’s a walk in the park. You’ll barely feel the color; it’s the outline that hurts the most. All right?”
She shook her head and I saw a tear fall from her eye. “Fuck, man hurry up.”
He was blotting and adding more ink while Grace stared into my eyes every few seconds. 
“Almost done. How you doing?” the man asked Grace.
“I’m okay. How much longer?”
“You’re doing good, sweetheart. I just need five more minutes.”
And then the buzz of the machine filled the air for the longest five minutes of my life.
Once I was sure that Grace was okay, I sat in the chair and took off my shirt and told him what I wanted. “Right here, man.” I tapped the left side of my chest, just over my heart. He gave me one of those ‘are you sure, dude’ looks as he shook his head. “Just fucking do it. I got a reason.”
I made Grace stand behind the counter so she couldn’t see the piece I had him do. It was small, so it was as quick as Grace’s had been. “Let me see, let me see, let me see,” she squealed as she clapped her hands. 
I shook my head. “I’ll show you later.” I turned and handed over my card to pay the damage. 
“Woody, I’ll pay for mine.”
I pushed her back gently. “It’s only seventy bucks, baby. I got it.”
“Well, can I pay for yours?” She asked me, then stepped up the counter and turned to the guy. “How much is his?”
I took her hands in mine. “Already paid for. Now let’s go celebrate. If you promise to be real nice to me tonight, I’ll let you buy me a beer.”
“Gee, thanks,” she said as she rolled her eyes.
“You want to thank me, then give me a kiss,” I told her as I pulled her into my arms. 
She looked over my shoulder, but he’d gone behind the curtain already. Her lips came down on mine, and I slipped my tongue inside for a quick taste, because I knew she’d pull away since we weren’t alone. 
“Thanks for my palm tree.”
She started to walk out, so I smacked her on her ass. “I expect a more appropriate thank you later.”
Lu never showed but a message was slipped under the door when we got back. Apparently, Lu and Brian were going for a day long, into evening date that left Ashton acting anxious. 
It was just going to be the two of us tonight, and Ashton insisted on working on her tan for an hour before she wanted to start getting ready.
The sun was scorching hot seeing we were in the thick of summer and sunbathing in Miami. Grace had on this tiny little black bikini and her new tattoo peeked out some, which was driving me wild. I told her to leave that bandage on for a couple more hours but she wouldn’t listen.
I kept my shirt on and it was killing Grace to not know what I got on my chest. I had a sinking feeling she thought it was going to be her name and I hated to disappoint her, but I think she’d like what I got instead. I didn’t intend to get it at first, but then I decided I wanted something permanent to remember that moment we shared.
I woke up to hearing her voice as she talked to somebody. I held my hand up over my eyes to keep the glare of the sun away. “Yeah, I’ll tell him. Okay, you take care now.”
I sat straight up noticing her on my cell. “What are you doing?”
She handed me the phone. “Your cell was ringing.”
“So you answered it?” I asked sternly. 
She sat back. “I’m sorry. It kept ringing. It was driving me crazy.”
I looked down scrolling to the last call. Fuck! I was about ready to have a panic attack. “You spoke to my brother?”
“You’re mad I can tell. I’m sorry I shouldn’t have answered it. I don’t know what to say.” I knew I upset her by the softness in the tone of her voice. I just didn’t know what the hell to do at that moment. 
“I’m going to head back and grab a shower. Why don’t you stay down here for a little longer?”
She swallowed and I could tell was holding back tears. “Okay. I’ll just take a swim and then meet you up there.”
I bent down. “See you soon,” I said softly and kissed the top of her head.
I dialed Jason back as soon as I was out of earshot of Grace. “What the fuck, bro?” Is how he answered and I knew he was pissed.
“I know. I’m sorry, I fell asleep,” I stammered as I rushed back to the room.
“What if I was fucking Winslow calling you?”
“I know, Jay. It won’t happen again all right. I’m coming home in two days.”
“But they’re not leaving for three.”
“I know.”
He sighed into the phone and I could almost picture the look on his face. “All right. Anything new to report other than the fact that you’re enjoying your job way more than you should.”
“I’ll come by on Friday when I get in, okay?”
He hung up before anything else was said. 
CHAPTER 29
ASHTON
If I could kick my own stupid ass, I would. How could I’ve been so dumb to answer his phone? Even when I picked it up, I wasn’t snooping, or anything, I was just sick of hearing it ring as we laid there on the beach.
And I could tell he was upset with me and not once did he pass up on the opportunity to take a shower together. I had a lot of making up to do and I had just the outfit to make him forget my thoughtlessness. 
Woody was already showered and dressed when I got back. I dropped my little beach bag on the floor of our room and walked over to the bed where he was laying watching television. 
“You still mad at me?” I asked sweetly. 
“I don’t like it when people snoop, Grace.”
“I said I was sorry, Woody.”
“I know you did.” He stopped and we locked eyes finally. “Why don’t you jump in the shower, our reservation’s is an hour.”
Crap! He was still mad. I only had three more days and three more nights to say goodbye to him, but deep down, I was hoping he would make some kind of grand move to keep us together. Heck, I even googled what it was like to live in West Virginia when he wasn’t looking.
When I stepped out from the bathroom, Woody was gone. I heard him rustling around out in the kitchen area of the suite. I breathed a sigh of relief and walked over to the closet to pull out my sweetest, but sexiest little red dress I owned. It was cherry red with a dip in the front that showed off more cleavage than should be legal, but still it maintained a certain femininity to it. 
After carefully blowing out my hair straight, I slipped on the dress and brushed on the little make-up I needed. Usually I wore a little more, but I had gotten a lot of color so, I just dabbled on some gloss and mascara. The last thing I did before I walked out to find Woody was put on a pair of heels that I loved, but dreaded wearing. I wasn’t really the heel type, but I couldn’t very well wear my cowboy boots with this beautiful dress. 
Woody was reading the paper that we received under the door every morning on the sofa. When he looked up, his mouth dropped open and wordlessly he got up and came toward me. I thought he was going to throw me down and rip my dress off with the way he was looking at me, and although this was my favorite, I didn’t think I’d mind.
“You’re forgiven,” he whispered as his mouth came down and captured mine. 
I pulled away. “So you like the dress?”
He took a step back and scanned me from head to toe. “Darling that isn’t a dress, that’s a masterpiece on you.”
I smiled excited that he liked the way I looked so much that I almost fell over as I jumped into his arms, but luckily he was ready for me.
“If you don’t get those heels off my waist we’re not making dinner.”
I hopped down, smoothing down my dress. “I’ll be good.”
His hand linked with mine. “I like it better when you’re bad.” 
We both smiled as we headed out to dinner.
After we finished eating enough fish to fill me for entire week, I suggested dancing. Woody didn’t like that idea, seeing he wanted a private dance, so we headed back to the room. I didn’t complain.
The suite was dark as we entered, but instead of turning on the lights Woody took my hand and led me to our room. Before I’d even stepped foot inside, Woody was undoing the tie around my neck that held my dress up. 
I turned and grabbed his face with both of my hands as it pooled down to my feet. Woody quickly undid the buttons on his shirt, as I kissed my way down until my mouth was at the edge of his pants. I peered up smiling as I started to undo the button to give him a real special treat, but Woody pulled me back up and then threw me down onto the mattress.
He slipped my panties down with his one hand, and quickly undid his pants. He was between my thighs before his pants even hit the floor. Without hesitating, he slammed inside of me. His hands ravaged my body as I grinded into him.  His mouth came down hard on mine as if he was trying to siphon the air out of my lungs. I lifted my hips so I could feel every inch of him as he thrust harder and harder, his body trembling.
“Fuck, Grace!” He yelled out as I felt the warmth of him as he came inside of me. He kissed me quickly on the lips, both of us panting. Woody laid his hand on my forehead, his thumb caressing my eyebrow. Neither one of us said a word for several minutes; we just panted and stared into each other’s eyes.
“You’re real special to me, baby,” he whispered so softly as he stared into my eyes. 
“You’re special to me too,” I whispered back. 
CHAPTER 30
DANE
Lying next to her it was hard to fight the feelings I had. I was having a difficult time breathing, knowing I was up and leaving her side soon. The words slipped out before I could take them back. I wanted her to know she meant something to me, but I also knew the look on her face as she said them back, was going to haunt me for the rest of life. Not telling her those three magical words of love was going to be either the biggest mistake of my life, or the smartest.
I chalked it up to being caught up in the heat of the moment; her beautiful smile when she looked at me, and the way she touched me. I wanted her forever. I’d never had a relationship feel so real, one that felt so right from the moment it started. That realization kept me here, instead of what I should have been doing—running.
I never opened up to anyone about anything, but I was having a hard time holding back with her lying here in my arms, trusting me. “I lost my best friend fighting over in Afghanistan. That’s how I got all the scars.”
I felt her stiffen as she rested her head on my chest. She stayed quiet, so I kept going, wanting to give her a piece of me that was true and not riddled with lies. “He died in my arms, Grace. Even though he’s gone and I miss the hell out of him. When you’re in my arms like this, it takes some of that pain away.”
“What was he like?”
“Best guy ever. Hands down. AJ always had my back no matter what. It could’ve been him staying up all night quizzing me before a big exam back in ROTC, or something as simple as being my wingman when I was out looking for a girl, even though he was in a serious relationship the entire time I knew him.”
“What would he do when you found one?”
Absentmindedly, I continued to rub circles on her back. “He’d explain the score to the girl’s friend and walk away. That’s just something stupid we’d do, but man that guy could make me laugh, even if I was in the pissiest of moods. He would just do whatever I needed without thinking twice.”
I stopped for a full minute remembering him. “He had a wife and now has a beautiful baby girl named, Lauren. He never got a chance to meet her. God, she’s a beauty too. I can just picture him with her. She’d hate him because he was a protective sonuvabitch, but he’d love her like no one had ever loved his or her daughter.
“Where does she live?”
“West Virginia,” I answered, slipping on one of my own lies.
“So you get to see her?”
I pulled her up until her lips were an inch away from mine. “Not as much as I’d like, or should.” I took a deep breath. “AJ always believed in fate and destiny and all shit.”
“All that shit?”
“Yeah. I never did and still don’t. We’d be on a mission and he’d talk about Kara being home waiting on a letter, or an email. Then he’d look at me and tell me he felt sorry for me because I didn’t have a girl of my own waiting.”
“Did you want one?” She asked.
“Yes and no. No, because I didn’t want a woman that I loved wondering if I was coming home alive, or with Old Glory wrapped around a wooden box. Yes, because I could imagine having that special someone… so soft and beautiful, everything the war wasn’t. A woman waiting at the airport for me to come out of that terminal, jump up on me, and hold me tight. To remember the reasons why I was in the Army—to protect the people I loved.” I kissed her hoping that part of my life was enough for her to believe in me.
Ashton was fast asleep in my arms when I heard Lu come back to the room from her day of hiding out. I knew that was what she was doing and I couldn’t blame her. I understood she hated keeping this secret from Ashton, but it was for the best. In the end, Lu got that and agreed.
I got up early to get the coffee going and hopefully bump into Lu and address her disappearance. Quietly, I rapped on her door until she peeked her head out, rubbing her eyes in nothing but her underwear and a tank top. I looked away and stared out the big window in the main room. I cleared my throat, “Um listen, Lu, I know you had to do what you had to yesterday, but could you hang out with us today? Ashton missed you yesterday.”
“It’s too hard keeping this secret with you walking around reminding me. It’s best until you’re gone,” she raised her voice. 
I shushed her. “I’ll make an excuse and hang back. Just go to the beach or something for a few hours.”
“Whatever,” she said and then slammed the door in my face.
I nearly jumped out my skin when I saw Ashton standing in the doorframe of our room. “What was that all about?” I could hear the accusation in her tone and I wasn’t sure what she heard, so I told another lie. “Mornin’ baby, I’m not feeling well.” I strolled over cautiously and kissed her cheek. “Was just seeing if Lu had any medicine on her. She was pissed I woke her up.”
“I got Advil,” she offered and scurried off toward the bathroom.
I popped the two pills in my mouth and took the glass of water from her hands. “Why don’t you do something with Lu today, I’m sure she’d love it.”
“What about my list?”
“You and Lu take a surfing lesson together. It’ll be fun.”
“Are you sure? I could order up some soup and we can watch old movies.”
“I just want to sleep it off and then we’ll do something later after this passes, okay?”
I got back in bed hoping she’d go throw on her bikini and head on out. Instead, Ashton climbed in bed and cuddled up next to me. 
After an hour of pretending that I felt like shit, she finally relented and took off with LuLu for the beach. The whole time I held her, I was wishing that I’d never left Charleston back when I was eighteen. I wish I would’ve moved back home after one of my deployments and maybe had the opportunity to find her and make her mine years ago.
The next few hours while she was gone I made a call to her precious daddy, my two brothers to tell them I’d be home tomorrow, my mama, and even called AJ’s wife to check in on Lauren. Somewhere between those calls and watching Sports Center, I fell asleep on the couch.
Warm, soft lips on mine woke me up. Ashton was standing over me with a look of concern written all over face. “How ya feeling?”
I pulled her down until she was sprawled on top of me and held her tightly in my arms. “Better now.”
“I’m all oily from the suntan lotion, let me up.” She struggled until I gave in and let her get up. I only let go since I saw Lu watching us. Ashton’s eyes followed mine, and then she curled her finger prompting me to follow her to our room. 
 I moved quickly when she started to untie her bikini top as she looked back at me over her shoulder mischievously. “I’m going to take a quick shower. I want you to get in bed and wait for me.”
A piece of me wanted to tell her screw that and follow her into the bathroom but the other part got excited to find out what she was up to, so I ripped off my clothes and jumped on top of the bed. 
Fifteen minutes later, Ashton slithered out seductively in one of the robes the hotel provided with the belt tied tightly, not revealing anything underneath. 
Her hand flew to her mouth. “Oh my God!” She squealed and flopped on the bed. 
I raised my eyebrows, confused. Her hands ran over my heart. “You got a honeysuckle flower to remember me by?”
I smiled. “Yeah, you like it?”
She shifted up to press her lips to mine, her warm hand drifting low, grabbing a hold of me and finding out I was ready. “I’m going to show you just how much, right now.”
I ran my hands under the robe, feeling silk underneath. Instantly, a smile spread across my face. “What do you got on under here?” I started to untie the belt, but she grabbed my hands and waved me off as she backed up. 
She walked over to the dresser, propped her cell up against the vase, and turned it on. A slow song came on just as she turned back to look at me. Slowly, ever so slowly, she slipped her robe off her shoulders. 
I gulped as I watched the perfect woman standing in a tight little fire engine red number standing before me. Ashton stood in the middle of the room slowly moving back and forth to the music. “Baby, if you don’t get over here, I’m gonna have a heart attack from the anticipation.”
She shook me off and held out her hand. “Come dance with me, Woody.”
I stood up in nothing but my birthday suit and danced what I knew was going to be my final dance of the trip. And the final time I was going to have Grace as mine.
It was time to end this. But not without having her in my bed one last time.
CHAPTER 31
ASHTON
Call it a premonition, or call it just a plain old girl’s-got- a-bad feeling, about the way Woody held me so tightly, like he was afraid of letting go last night. I knew something was wrong. I would have asked him, but fear held me back, unable to bear what he might have told me.
Even though he wrapped himself around me throughout the whole night, keeping me warm, I struggled falling asleep. I’d never felt more loved, or wanted when I was with Woody, but I had a sinking suspicion that all my feelings weren’t going to save us, or me when this trip was over. I prayed that Lu wasn’t right about men. 
About Woody.
I must’ve drifted off at some point, because the sun was just rising when I reached out and felt for Woody, but the bed was empty. Fear and hurt sank in so quickly that he took off, until I heard the faucet running in the bathroom. I fell back onto the pillow trying to stop myself from hyperventilating. Afraid that he’d see me acting like a crazy old bat and take off for good.
When Woody appeared, he was already dressed and had those dark glasses on that he liked to wear. He started to creep by quietly, and then turned when he heard me scoot up on the bed. “I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Woody didn’t move. He just stood there at the end of the bed. And since he had on his glasses, I couldn’t see the expression in his eyes to get a good read on him.
“What’s going on?” I asked even though my heart knew what he was going to say. 
He dropped his head down, like the floor was more appealing all of a sudden. “I got to head home, Grace. There was an emergency,” he said with zero feelings, just boom, as if the past two weeks didn’t affect him at all.
“Is it a bad emergency?”
He looked up, but took a few steps back when I dropped the sheet from covering my naked body. “Is there any other kind, Grace?”
“Were you just going to leave and not say good-bye?”
He looked over to the dresser. “I wrote you a note,” he paused. “Look, I gotta go. I’ll call you when I can.”
He turned to leave, but I couldn’t let him go. “Woody,” I yelled out. 
He looked over his shoulder, but had his one hand on the knob ready to bolt. I held out my hand. “Come here,” I begged.
He shook his head. “Grace, I…” He stopped talking and rested his head against the door.
I stepped away from the bed and tiptoed until I was standing behind him. Cautiously I removed the strap of his bag from his shoulder and dropped it on the floor. I pulled on his arm until he turned to face me. “I think you owe me a proper good-bye.”
He pulled me to him. “I owe you so much more, I just don’t know if I can, Grace. It’ll be easier for both of us if you just let me walk out that door.” He buried his head on my shoulder, squeezing me tightly. 
“I want you one more time before you leave. Can you do that for me?” I asked with trepidation in my voice.
I was ready to burst into tears if he said yes or no, and it made me feel weak, because all along I knew this day was coming. I was just hoping that we would’ve come out on the other side, as a happy couple. 
Woody picked his head up and gave me what looked like a forced smile. I raised my hand to his face and pulled off his glasses. At first, he tried to stop me, but then he gave in. “Why do you have these on?”
When I looked into his eyes, I knew why before he answered. There was pain and hurt drifting behind those baby blues. Woody didn’t answer me with words; he picked me up and kissed me until his feet bumped the edge of the bed. “You are so beautiful, Grace.”
He placed me down, and then inched his way up my naked body so slowly that it was almost painful. I didn’t want him to leave, so I took my time undressing him. I think a few times he caught on to my plan because he’d shake his head and grace me with one of his little smiles and a soft chuckle.
 Woody rested his head on my stomach, his arms loosely around me as I held on to him after we made love. I knew I had only one chance to change his mind and I prayed it would be enough for him to either make him stay, or come meet me in Charleston. “Woody, I have something I want to tell you before you go. I…”
“Don’t, Grace,” he whispered as his fingers dug into my skin.
I did it anyway. “I love you.” I closed my eyes, bracing myself for him to say something, anything, but he didn’t. Not one word was spoken for a good five minutes after I admitted my true feelings. 
Woody slipped off me and out of the bed, not once looking in my direction while he got dressed. I sat there and painfully admired the view, wondering how I could stop him.
Once he was done, he hovered over me. “You’re amazing. Don’t you forget that, okay? Be who you want to be, Darlin’.”
I nodded. 
“I really got to get on the road, but I promise you, I’ll call you when I can.”
Tears filled my eyes. I could see the pain in his as he bent down and kissed me one last time. I almost grabbed him by his tee shirt and hauled him back into bed, but that was just delaying the inevitable.
“Don’t forget about me, Woody,” I said slowly and ran my finger down his scar one more time.
He didn’t move at all. He shut his eyes as I traced the side of his face as if he was burning the memory in his head.
“Grace, I never could, nor would I want to. I’ll call as soon as I can.” He kissed me again, but this time, it was hurried and not another word was said. He walked out that door without looking back. Not once.
When I heard the door to the hotel room close, I burst into tears that I’d held back showing him.
CHAPTER 32
DANE
I had gripped onto Ashton so tight I thought I was going to break her in half before I left. Part of me wanted to scream out the truth, but the other part knew that if I did, it was all over. That calm feeling she brought me, the feeling I’d never felt in the pit of my stomach for a woman before would all be gone. 
Just as I was heading out, Lu stepped in front of me. She shook her head, hands planted firmly on her hips. “You’re leaving for good? Is Ashton all right?”
“She’s okay with it. I promise you.”
Lu held the door open and I didn’t hesitate to walk through it. “You’re so wrong, Woody” she yelled out and then slammed the door shut. 
Saying goodbye to Ashton was hard on both of us. I knew I should’ve just walked away instead of taking her in that bed one last time. But she asked me and couldn’t say no to that face, those eyes. If having that last connection was something she needed to have, I wanted to give her that memory. Hell, I wanted to give myself that memory too.
I developed strong feelings for Ashton, and I knew that I should have told her I loved her when she confessed her own feelings, but in the end, I figured it would only hurt her more. What good would it have done with me walking away anyhow?
That damn song that we had danced to that one night in Tennessee was playing and it made me want to head back to Grace, and I hadn’t even gotten off the 1A yet. A part of me wanted to say screw Winslow, screw Jason’s business, and turn around at the next red light, but I forced myself to grip that wheel, turn the station, and hit the gas a little harder to stop myself.
My head and heart were aching at the thought of leaving her in that room most likely crying over me. I rolled down my window, stuck a wad of Skoal in my mouth, and then cranked up the radio one more notch before jumping on the highway to take me back home. 
Once I hit that five hundred mile mark on my odometer, I knew I had only a little over an hour to go. The sun was still shining brightly as I coasted down the old road that led to my mama’s house. Jason had fixed up the barn years ago when he wanted his privacy but couldn’t afford to move out, so that was what I called home now.
I hadn’t ever talked about AJ with anyone other than his wife and his mama, but I was glad to share it was Ashton. It felt good to tell her some of the shit that was bottled up inside my head. 
As the dirt kicked up behind my truck, I noticed two things. My mama waving from the porch happy to see me, and the motorcycle that Kara insisted I take after AJ had died. He loved that thing almost as much as her, and I didn’t want it, but she pleaded with me that he’d start a fight up in heaven if she handed it over to just anyone. So I did. It sat next to the barn with a tarp covering it, so it wasn’t something I had to look at every day. I knew it was there and I itched to drive it, but I never could bring myself to do it.
“Hey, Sweetie,” my mama called as I stepped out of my truck. 
I shuffled up the front porch steps. “Hey, mama,” I greeted her with a kiss on the cheek. 
“The boys told me you’d be home about now. I just pulled a peach pie out of the oven. C’mon inside and I’ll fix you up a plate.”
Mama’s peach pies were known all over town. When Catherine Woods offered her famous baked goods, even if the world was coming to an end, you didn’t turn it down. What you did do was sit your ass down, and grabbed a fork. 
I’d barely had the first bite when Jason and Josh walked in rubbing their hands together knowing they were in for a treat.
Jason slapped me on my back. “How you doing, man?”
“I’ve been better,” I admitted. I stabbed my fork into the crust, but lost my appetite, so I pushed it away. 
“What’s going on? You never turn down my pie. You can tell me anything, sugar,” Mama said as she wiped the counter clean.
I picked the plate up and scooted out of my chair. “Do you mind if I eat this in the barn? I have some thinking to do.”
She tilted her head, eyeing me up, but then grazed her fingers down my jaw. “Okay, baby. You need me? You know where to find me.”
“Thanks, mama.”
Josh and Jason grabbed a plate and started to follow me outside. Quickly, I turned on my heels. “Not now.”
“Yeah, now, asshole. This is my business, my livelihood and yours too,” Jason spat out. 
I continued walking to the backyard and inside the barn. It wasn’t much. I had a small bathroom, a seriously tiny kitchen (if you could even call it that), and a bedroom that was hidden by a curtain. The television room was the size of a horse stall.
“How did you finish it up with Ashton?” Jason drilled me straight away.
“We parted ways. After I get that bonus, I’m giving it no more than two weeks before I call her and tell her everything. I just pray she’ll find in her heart to forgive me.”
Josh grabbed a beer from my icebox and sat down, kicking up his feet for the show about to go down. 
“I know why you want that money. You want to send it off to Kara for AJ’s daughter, but you cannot tell Ashton about her father. I made a promise to that man.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t.”
“Bro, please tell me you didn’t fall for Ashton fucking Winslow in two weeks?” Josh finally felt the need to chime in.
“What’s in to you? And by the way, asshole, Lu figured me out because of you and that tattoo that I told you not to get.”
He grinned looking happy with himself. “Oh, yeah, how is LuLuBelle? Maybe I’ll call her and see if she wants to recreate some of that magic.”
“Pissed at me, but she hates you, so I wouldn’t touch that one with a ten foot pole.
He waved me off as Jason paced around. “What was Ashton like in bed? I heard she was a virgin.”
I picked up a pillow and threw it at him. “I’m not telling you shit.”
“C’mon just one little thing, I won’t tell anyone.”
Jason stepped in front of me. “Would you shut up,” he shouted at Josh. He looked at me and then fixed his eyes on Josh. “I need to talk to Dane alone for a few minutes.”
Josh stood but got in Jason’s face. “No fucking way.”
“Josh,” I commanded. 
“What?” He said in a raised voice but didn’t stop his stare down with Jason. Those two always butted heads. I think partly because Jason was nine years older and treated Josh like a kid all the time. When I left home Josh was only eleven, so I missed most of it, but Jason was here for all the calls from some poor girl’s mama, or the police when he’d run into trouble. It was harmless teenage fun, but still, Jason took care of it before the folks found out.
“Go help mama in the kitchen. We’ll talk tomorrow, okay?”
Jason watched and waited until a reluctant Josh was all the way up the front porch, before he swung his gaze at me.
“You might want to sit for this. You’re not going to like it, but if you think you’re going after Ashton, I want you to know what could happen if you do.”
I grabbed a beer and stood with my arms crossed, not sitting down. “Spit it out.”
“We got a problem, Dane.” 
I gestured with my hands for him to get on with it already. “He threatened my business and mama’s land.”
I shook my head trying to make sense of all of it. “I don’t get what me and Ashton getting together would have him bothering mama’s house.”
He sighed, and took a seat on my beat up recliner. “I didn’t want to tell you this, but after Daddy died, Winslow paid off the debt he had.”
I started to object, but he held up his hand to stop me.
“Let me finish. He was doing a favor for mama. She was going to have to sell, seeing as she can’t keep this place up on the little she gets every month. Josh was in school, you were off being a hero, and the bills were getting backed up. College was expensive. Dad got laid off and had to take out a large loan from the bank. Of course, Winslow being Winslow got wind of it all and propositioned mama. She didn’t want to take him up on it, but this land has been in her family for a long time. He paid off the debt and is now holding that over my head.”
“What the fuck for?”
“He hated daddy and he’s not too fond of the boy’s mama had with him. Dad stole mama out from under Winslow and he has a thorn in his side about it—still, if you can believe that shit.”
“I still don’t get it,” I said confused. I was racking my brain trying to figure it all out.
“How do you think you being in love with his precious Ashton is going to sit with him? He wants her with that asshole Owens, not a troublemaker from the woods who reminds him of the woman he loved and lost a long time ago.”
“He asked for me specifically to keep her safe. That’s gotta count for something?”
“You willing to shut my business down, and hold mama’s hands while she’s crying turning over the keys to that man?”
“Fuck!” I screamed, looking up to the ceiling.
I sank to my knees and raised my head lightly. “I fell in love with her.”
“I know, but sometimes we need to do something we don’t want to.”
“You’ve been with the same girl since you were fourteen, Jay.”
“So.”
I laughed. “So, you found who you wanted to be with way back then. I’m twenty-eight and just found that person I know that I want forever. Do you understand?”
He stood over me. “Yeah, but you might need to keep looking.” He walked out and shut the door behind him, leaving me to make one of the hardest decisions of my life.
CHAPTER 33
ASHTON
Lu had crashed into my room not a minute after Woody had walked out the front door. “Oh, honey, come here.” She hushed my tears as she approached the bed and sank down pulling me into her arms.
“I want to go home, Lu,” I cried out.
She held me tight for a minute longer and then pulled away. “No, girl, you are not going home to sulk. We have one full day of sun, bikinis, boys, and fruity little drinks melting in our hands to do first.”
“Do you think he’ll call like he said?” She handed me a tissue that she had grabbed off the side table. I took it and blew my nose. 
She brushed back the hair off my face. “I hope he does.”
“I told him I loved him,” I admitted.
“What did he say when you told him?”
“He said nothing.”
“Well, he’s a fool because, Ash, honey, you’re the easiest person to love that I know.”
With the sleeve of the robe, I swiped away the last of my tears. “I really think he’ll call, so, I’m getting up and finishing this trip, and then I’ll go home and wait for that phone to ring.” I plastered on a fake smile, got up and slipped on my bathing suit. “Let’s get one of those breakfast burritos and then hit the beach.”
“Now you’re talking.” Lu followed me out and went to get ready. I turned my phone on and looked at the few pictures I’d taken of Woody and me. I placed it in my beach bag carefully. “Yeah, he’ll call,” I said to myself as I stared at a picture of him.
I finished everything on my two-week bucket list except for one: to do something completely and utterly selfless for the good of just doing it. Lu and I parasailed, learned to surf, (well, tried to anyway) sang karaoke to strangers and danced to salsa music with locals. The entire night I missed Woody, but when I crept into that big bed we shared and still could smell the scent of him lingering on the sheets, it wore me down. So much so, I contemplated stealing the pillowcase to smuggle home with me.
I thought that might be taking it a step too far and opted for the shirt that he had left behind. I don’t think he meant to, because I found it balled up sticking out from under the bed. Still, I considered his silly tee shirt the best souvenir I’d ever brought home from a trip.
Not to mention I was still banking on that one phone call.
CHAPTER 34
DANE
Two mornings later, we were sitting at Woods Securities and Jason had just hung up the phone. He clasped his hands and leaned forward. “That was Winslow. Ashton and Lu got back late yesterday. He wanted you to come by and pick up the payment, but I thought it would be best for you to not to push your luck. He’s having someone drop it off in a little bit.”
I nodded, thinking of Ashton and what the two of them did the rest of the time in Miami without me. I missed her lying next to me so badly I couldn’t sleep; instead, I opted for an all-night marathon of old movies.
“You want me to send the money to Kara, or did you want to take care of that?”
“I want to go see the baby. I’ll take it down. ’Bout time I saw my goddaughter anyhow.”
“I figured you might.”
A half hour later, the buzzer went off in his office. “Jason, one Trevor Owens is here to see you.” Amy’s voice filled the room through the speaker. Amy was Jason’s wife and also his receptionist. She only worked part time so she could be home before their son got out of school. He was six and already trying to be a typical Wood’s man. Jonah wanted to fish, hunt, and swim in creeks to catch frogs. Jason and Amy got called down to the school once last year in Kindergarten because he was pinching a few of the girls on their ass. They asked him why he felt like he had the right, and as plain as day, he told them they liked the attention. Jason didn’t know whether to hi-five him, or punish him. He was a chip off the old block that was for sure.
Trevor waltzed in the room wearing one of his expensive suits, looking as smug as ever. He dropped one envelope on the desk and one onto my lap.
I skimmed the envelope checking to see how much money Winslow thought his daughter was worth. “I take it Ashton’s home safe and sound?”
He grinned. “That’s what her Daddy says. I haven’t had a chance to see her yet, but I’ll be getting a piece of that ass soon.” I stood up quickly my hands balled into fists at my side. 
Trevor looked down and took note of my stance before smirking. “Bill wanted me to pass a big thank you for keeping everything discreet,” he said with doubt and accusation in his voice.
Jason cleared his throat. 
“No problem,” I told him. I wanted to pound this shit out of him, but instead I took a deep breath trying to calm myself down.
“So what kind of trouble did they get into? I’d love to hear some stories, seeing how Lu likes a good party.”
Jason stood, his chair scratching against the wooden floor. “Owens, you know he can’t give you any information. All our work is confidential. You want to know, ask Ashton herself.”
He glanced at Jason, but never took the smirk off his face. “I’ll do that, Woods. See you boys around.” I followed him until he turned the corner and headed out the front door and then retreated inside.
Once he was gone, I slammed my fist into the wall needing to punch something. Or someone. There was no way I could live here and watch the two of them happen.
The next morning after spending the time helping mama with her garden, I hopped into my faithful truck and headed up North. It wasn’t a ton of money, but I wanted that baby to have something.
The need to get out of town was for my benefit only. Deep down I knew if I stayed here, I’d find a way to see Ashton and spill my guts. The only logical thing for me to do was skip town so I couldn’t ruin everything my family had worked so hard for.
CHAPTER 35
ASHTON
Three weeks had past and I was beginning to lose faith in Woody. I’d sell my soul to the devil if I could see his face, hear his voice, or feel his touch one more time. I wore my heart on my sleeve when it came to him and part of me wondered if that was all too much for him to handle. Maybe I shouldn’t have told him that I loved him. Maybe I was wrong about how he felt for me.
It was time to admit Lu was right all along; all men walked away—even the good ones. 
I hadn’t gotten the call back from the one interview I had gone on, so I spent some time combing the internet and checking over my resume before sending a few more out to areas outside of Charleston. I even sent one to the town next to Sutton, West Virginia. Deep down I knew it was the stupidest thing I’d probably ever done, and I wouldn’t go, but I still sent it regardless.
Once the first week passed and no call came through, I buried myself in volunteering at the local pet shelter, where I’d also adopted a four-year-old German shepherd who I named, Nash after our trip to Nashville. Daddy wasn’t too fond of him so I kept him in the barn during the day and then sneaked him in at night to sleep with me. He seemed to like it out there with the horses and chickens anyway.
Every morning before I even had my eyes open, tears already filled them, and every evening, I ended them the same way. I held onto Nash and let my tears spill all over his soft fur. Thank the Lord for good make-up and Visine, otherwise people around here would worry and then they’d start up on their small town gossiping. And that was last thing I needed.
Lu was coming over tonight to cheer me up. She was convinced I was never coming out of my room. I did all the time; she just hadn’t been around to witness it yet.
I had just stepped into my cowboy boots when she rolled in like a bad storm. Lu was on a mission. It showed all over her face. “Good, you’re already dressed.”
“What are we doing?”
“Honey you look H. O. T. hot tonight, therefore we’re going out to find you a man hotter than that salsa we ate in Miami, and you my friend, will have a one-night stand that will make you forget all about you know who.”
“That’s the same advice you gave me in Nashville and look how that worked out? I have a broken heart that’s never going to be the same again.”
“You had an orgasm every night, so no complaining. It’s only been a few weeks, maybe he’s busy.”
“Or maybe he didn’t tell me his real name for a reason, or maybe he had a wife and kids I don’t know about, or maybe he’s lying somewhere in a ditch because he tried to phone me from his cell and ran off a cliff. Or, maybe they sent him back to war.” I really hoped I was wrong on all counts, but I was beyond baffled at this point. I really thought we’d connected and we were heading somewhere greater than my own expectations.
“Sweetie, I told you. Men, leave plain and simple. If you don’t open your heart, it won’t get cracked in half. You need to listen to me more and not think with that damn fragile sweet heart of yours.
I sat on the edge of my bed and buried my head in my hands. “I miss him so much, Lu,” I confessed.
“I know you do,” she said as she sat down next to me. “But, honey, if you don’t find someone else your Daddy is going to sick Trevor on you like a tick takes to a dog.”
“He hasn’t mentioned Trevor once since I’ve been home.”
“Yeah well,” Lu gently swiped under my eye. “I’m pretty sure when, and if, Trevor gets a hold of you, he’ll have you knocked up before he can pull those twenty dollar panties off of you. And you love those panties, baby girl, and I’m afraid you won’t be wanting to wear them after all those babies he’s going to make you have.” She laughed and it brought a smile to my face. “So, let’s go find someone who can appreciate those fancy silk undies of yours.”
I shook my head. “Lu, I don’t think I’m ready.”
“Trust me, Ash a couple shots of that Patron and you’ll be ready. Now get that fabulous ass up and let’s move out.”
I took several deep breaths and stood up. Looked like my girl and I were getting drunk tonight whether I was up for it or not. The one nightstand was still up for debate.
Instead of heading into the city like I thought we would, Lu wanted to stay closer to home so we didn’t have to worry about drinking and driving. We were going to cab it home.
By the time we were on our fourth Vodka and Pineapple, Lu and I were singing loudly, rocking back and forth on the stools. We had put at least two-hours worth of quarters in the jukebox.  
“Where the hell are all the good looking guys tonight? Is it too much to ask for a pair of men to walk in?” Lu questioned. 
I held up my finger since I had gotten an idea. “I got it, Lu.”
She rubbed her hands together, excitedly. “Where we going?”
“I could hire someone to find Woody. We could get one of those handsome P.I.’s and tell them what we know, and then I’ll find him.”
“Oh, sugar, that is the worst idea you’ve ever had. I’m putting my foot down on this one.” She turned back around to wave down the bartender and ordered another round. 
Quickly, I yelled out, “Can you make mine a beer.” I turned back to Lu. “My teeth feel like they’re rotting away as we speak.”
She rolled her eyes, but her mouth dropped open a second later. “Lordy be, look at what just walked in.” Lu adjusted her shirt to reveal a little more cleavage and spun around so he could check her out. Only, that was short-lived seeing Trevor walked in a heartbeat later. 
As soon as his eyes landed on me, he smiled. I made a gagging gesture to Lu, and she agreed. “I’ve been looking for you all night, Ashton. I’ve been blowing up your phone.”
I snatched it off the bar and looked at it. I’d missed eight calls. I scanned through the numbers only to recognize Trevor’s, and one call from my home. I sighed in relief that I hadn’t missed a call from Woody and then tucked in my bag. 
“Why the hell are you looking for Ashton? She wants nothing to do with you,” Lu put on her sassy voice and was downright annoyed at his presence. 
He tipped his chin and the guy Lu had checked out walked over to us. “Relax, LuLu I brought you a present. This is Tyler. He works with me.”
Her eyes roamed over Tyler, but I smacked her on her knee to get her attention. I shook my head trying to get her to say no, because if Lu said yes, I’d be stuck with Trevor.  Unfortunately, Lu didn’t feel my knee banging into hers, or most likely, she chose to ignore it, since she was too busy gawking and flirting with Tyler.
Trevor held up his hand and held up four fingers. “I need four shots of Tequila and a round of beers,” he rattled off and then took the stool next to mine. His eyes scanned my body but settled on my chest. “Looking good tonight, Ash. Real, real good.”
The bartender lined the shots up and placed a beer behind them. Trevor lifted his up and looked dead in my eyes. “To our future,” he winked and then downed it. Lu was already facing the opposite way and turned into Tyler’s legs. She leaned in and whispered something, which made Tyler laugh. I could only imagine what he was thinking. I knew Trevor probably promised him a steamy night of sex with one infamous, LuLuBelle Trainor, but I was not allowing that to happen.
I grabbed my shot and tossed it back because I was not prepared to face this night sober. 
By the time midnight rolled around Lu was in the corner of the bar necking with Tyler and refused to leave. My head was spinning from the alcohol, and I just wanted to go home and sleep it off. 
Trevor watched me as I fumbled with my handbag as I dug around for my phone. “What are you doing?”
“I’m calling a cab.”
His hand came down on, covering mine. “Don’t be ridiculous, I’ll take you back. Let me just tell Tyler that he’s on his own for the rest of the night.”
He had already gotten off his stool before I could stop him. “Could you ask Lu if she wants to leave?” I yelled.
He turned, nodded his head, and then approached them. A few minutes later, he was leading me to his car without Lu. He tried to hold my hand, but I shook him off. “Trevor, I’m kind of seeing someone. I don’t want to hurt your feelings, but, well, you know how it is.”
He stopped dead in his tracks, his hand gripping the passenger door handle. “Who you seeing? And does your Daddy know?”
He opened the door and I slid inside. Once he was inside, he cranked on the engine, and then turned to address me. “So who’s the lucky fella?”
I shook my head. “Oh, you wouldn’t know him. He’s from West Virginia. We met down in Nashville.”
Trevor looked deep in thought, but then ran his tongue over his bottom lip. His eyes were fixed on mine and I could see the jealousy brewing in them. “What’s his name?”
“I’m not telling you,” I said bitterly. I crossed my arms and stared out the passenger window hoping he’d give in and just drive. 
Ten minutes later we were pulling up to my driveway when he slammed on his breaks, making me smack my head against the headrest. “Ouch! What did you do that for?” I yelled, rubbing the back of my head.
“Ashton, I don’t know who it is you are supposedly seeing, but I spoke with your father while you were gone. I’d like to take this to the next level with you, and he happily agreed.”
I gasped. “Are you crazy? I’m not taking anything up a level with you, and as far my father goes, he cannot tell me who to take to my bed.”
“You saying you slept with this man?” He grabbed my wrist, forcing me to face him. 
“That is none of your business,” I shouted.
“Oh, but it’s something your Daddy would love to hear. I’ll be sure to tell him.”
I flung my wrist until he relented. “What the hell is wrong with you? My Daddy doesn’t want to know about my sex life.”
“Well, I’m pretty sure he sent you away thinking you were going to be careful and protected. It appears someone didn’t do what he was paid to do.”
I was ready to open the door, bolt, and run until I was safely inside my house, but in one second, my world came crashing all around me. “What are you talking about?” I whispered.
“I think I’ve said too much already.” Trevor drove the rest of the way and then got out. He walked around, and opened my door and held out his hand for me to take it. I stepped out without his help and ran up the porch steps away from him. I had someone I needed to confront and I didn’t give a rat’s ass how late it was. How could he?
Storming through the house and clamoring up the staircase, I flung open his bedroom door ready to scream and yell. I had to find out why he did it, why he didn’t trust me to go off on my own. Only when I threw open his door, his bed was empty and hadn’t looked slept in. Which left me with other questions, but at the time, I couldn’t care less where he was.
I ran to my room and called Lu twenty times to come over and cry with me, but she never answered. I threw my phone across the room watching it slam hard onto my bed, like it was shattering into pieces along with my heart. The only two men I loved. Both took it and threw it away like my feelings and trust meant nothing.
CHAPTER 36
DANE
The one thing I wasn’t expecting, or ready to find was Trevor Owens sitting in my office, with his feet up on my desk when I got to work. He looked up and smirked when he heard me come in. I walked over and swiped his feet off and then circled around my desk and sat. 
“What can I help you with, Trevor?”
He kept the grin on his face, and he leaned in, resting his arms on the edge of my desk. “You were paid to be discreet when it came to Ashton.”
“Who says I wasn’t?” I threw my poker face on not wanting to give anything away.
“I was on a date with Ashton last night and she said something, and then I remembered how you didn’t look too comfortable when I mentioned me and Ashton getting together. In fact, you looked like you were ready to take a swing at me a few weeks ago. So, I was just wondering if Bill Winslow knew that you not only fucked up the job, but we’re fucking his little, stuck-up princess, too?”
Oh, hell no.
Quicker than lightning, I was over my desk and had his fancy shirt balled in my fist. “You talk about her like that one more time, I’ll end you,” I warned, anger pouring off of me. 
Trevor just laughed in my face. He shook his head and yanked my hands off of him. “I had a feeling, but thanks for the confirmation. I’m sure Bill will want that bonus back once I tell him everything.”
I sat back down trying to compose myself. I leaned back in my chair, and put my hands behind my head. “You do what you need to do, but just a fair warning, I know all about Toby.” It was my turn to grin and laugh in his face. He turned whiter than cotton, but it stopped him from making his threats.
“You tell anyone about him and you’ll pay, Woods.” 
“If that’s all you wanted, feel free to see yourself out.” I flipped open my laptop and punched in a quick message to Jason what just went down. Trevor grunted, pissed off about my threat, but I was positive he’d keep his mouth shut. At least for now. 
Just as his hand reached out for the door, I yelled out, “Oh, and Trevor, I’ll die before I let you even think of touching Ashton.”
I had two stops to make. 
My mama and my brothers were all gathered around the kitchen table eating some of her left over stew from the night before. I grabbed the chair, turned it backwards, and straddled the seat. “I’m leaving in a little bit to get out of here, clear my head, but I wanted to bounce something off y’all.” I swallowed and grabbed Josh’s coke and took a swig. 
I looked over to Jason. “Trevor knows about me and Ashton. The way I see it, I have two options. I can go fight for her and we lose the farm, quite possibly your business, or I leave her be so she can find someone else. I’d like to know what y’all think I should do.”
Jason spoke up first, “you know what I think. I’m sorry, Dane, but for the good of the family, you need to move on.” 
I looked over at mama who had tears welling up in her eyes. “I don’t need the farm, Dane. If you love her, then you need to tell her before it’s too late.”
“You’d really be okay taking that chance?” I could see her swallowing and the pain in her face as she nodded, lying to me. That farm meant just as much to her as we did.
I glanced over to Josh. “What about you?”
“I think I’ll never forgive you if you put mama through all this for a piece of ass.”
My mama gasped and smacked him upside head before I could do it myself. “Ashton is not a piece of ass, Josh. I love this girl. If I let her go, I don’t know if I can stay in town and watch her move on,” I paused, took a deep breath. “I’m thinking of re-upping.”
Jason sprung from his chair. “No fucking way, Dane.”
I slammed my fist on the table. “I got to get out of here, because on Daddy’s grave if I stay, I’ll ruin everything by going to her. Winslow will take your business away, and Josh and mama will have nowhere to go. I’m not letting that happen.”
The mood in the room dropped from furious to being able to hear a pin drop. My mama pulled me into her arms, crying. “I’m not losing one of my babies to the war. I kept my mouth shut for all those years, but I’m saying my peace now. You are not reenlisting. You are staying put and as a family we will see this through.” She backed off and started a pot of coffee.
Josh came over and threw his arm around me. “Don’t go back to the Army, stay here and we’ll figure something out.”
Jason had kept quiet, watching. “You still tracking her?”
“I took the one off her car, but yeah, I could still find her from her cell. Why?”
“I’m thinking we might need to head out this weekend and find her. Let her see you, maybe make her believe that you’ve moved on to someone new, or you’re not interested. She’s bound to be out with LuLu, it shouldn’t be a problem.”
I started to raise my voice, but he stopped me. He stood up and got in my face. “Look around you.” I did. “Play it cool with Ashton for now and later on…” 
I interjected, “I can’t do that.”
“Play it cool for now. Wait a couple months and then go in for the kill. If you trust her, then you can tell her about her father. If she loves you, she won’t move on. She’ll still be there waiting for you.”
“I don’t know.” I started pacing back and forth, biting my thumbnail. 
“It’ll give me time to figure out how to get the property back. We’ll go to a lawyer or something, maybe get a loan to pay back Winslow.”
“So what’s the plan?”
All four of us sat around the table trying to figure out the best way to go about all of us getting what we need. 
I missed the hell out of that girl and I was dying to just see her, touch her—anything. The voices were back, as well as the nightmares since I walked away from her. And I knew the only way to stop them was to bring her back into my life. I just needed to figure out how.
CHAPTER 37
ASHTON
I knew my daddy was starting to worry about me. Every night for the last week, he had heard me crying over Woody not calling. I cried that whole day, but then I realized he would never change. Daddy was never going to trust me on my own. After that, I didn’t let myself shed one more tear for my father and what he did.
It was so bad that he enlisted Lu to get me out of the house, which was a friendship he didn’t like to promote, so that was saying something. He must have felt horrible hearing me cry for Woody, but not once did I tell him what had me so sad.
I was just finishing up with my makeup when Daddy peeked his head inside of my room. “Sugarplum, can I come in?”
“Of course, Daddy,” I said sweetly. I hadn’t let him know that Trevor let me in on his little secret, because I was planning my own retribution. It would take some time, but I was going to get a place of my own and have Lu move in with me. It would infuriate Daddy to no-end, and part of me always swore that I’d never leave this house, or him alone and it pained me to do so. But, he wasn’t leaving me with many options. It was to the point where I was going to take off and head down to our place on the beach in Hilton Head, so he couldn’t find me, since he never went there. And I’d be left alone to make my own mistakes and not have someone there to fix them for me all the time.
He stood behind me, and placed his hands on my shoulders. I looked at this reflection in the mirror. “Trevor’s downstairs.”
I swung around quickly, rage brewing inside of me. “Why is Trevor here?”
Daddy frowned. “I called him. He’ll be taking you and Lu out tonight. I thought it would be best to have someone responsible to make sure you girls get back all right. I don’t like you being so upset; Trevor is here to see that you and Lu have fun tonight.”
I turned and walked over to my bed. I grabbed my boots off the floor and put them on. “Why are you forcing Trevor on me?”
Daddy stood tall over me. “What’s wrong with Trevor?”
I looked up from my boots. “What’s the one thing you hate to hear that ruins a marriage?”
He squatted down to look closely in my eyes. “Ashton, Trevor has assured me.”
I stood up fast. “Damn it, Daddy,” I hollered.
Daddy stood and grabbed my wrist tightly. “Ashton, don’t you take that tone with me.” His voice was raised and had warning in them. “Trevor is fine young man who will be able to provide for you.”
“I don’t need a man to provide for me, Daddy. And, Trevor will only want me barefoot and pregnant while he’s off lifting skirts up from every girl who lets him.”
Daddy pulled me over and onto the bed. “Sugarplum, I don’t know why on earth you would think that Trevor would cheat on you.”
“Jesus Christ, Daddy, he has one of the worst reputations in town. If you’d ask anyone other than his folks, or the people at church you’d find out for yourself. Is that what you want for me, a cheating husband?” I asked, praying he’d finally see the light.
He looked astonished at my accusation of Trevor. “Of course not, Ashton. But Trevor…”
I held up my hand to cut him off. “Daddy, can you please get into the right century with me? I’m twenty-two years old, I want to teach kids, and I want to date the man I’m in love with, not Trevor.”
He dropped his head, and then looked at me. “What is that supposed to mean?”
I slipped and I knew it. “I just meant that I’d like to pick who I marry and not have it dictated to me.”
He took a deep breath and then sighed heavily. “Is there something you want to tell me?”
I took one quick, deep breath, deciding it was now or never. “I fell in love with a man on my vacation,” I blurted out.
“All right, Sugarplum. Tell me all about him?”
“What’s there to say really? I met him; he’s a war hero, Daddy and a really good man. He was so sweet to me and he took care of me and he likes me for me, not for the money you have, or this big house.” I pounded my chest. “Me, daddy, he likes me for me. I don’t have to pretend to be someone that I’m not and I love that about him.”
Without even glancing at me he asked, “What’s his name?” I could hear the bitterness in his voice as he asked, and I had no idea why, other than he was afraid of losing me. Daddy always made it known to me that I would live here with my family someday, even long after he was gone.
“I don’t know.”
Now he looked at me. “You fell in love with a man and you don’t even know his name?”
I shrugged. “I know what I called him. He never told me his real name.”
Exasperated he asked, “Well what name was that, Sugarplum?”
I looked down playing with the hem of my shirt knowing how stupid and immature I sounded. “Woody. He went by Woody.”
Daddy grabbed me and kissed my forehead. “Trevor’s waiting downstairs and I’m sure Lu is probably too at this point. Why don’t you head on down? We’ll talk about this later.”
I smiled softly. “Okay,” I agreed and headed out for the night. Daddy not flying off the handle surprised me some, but I pushed it aside since Lu was waiting on me.
We hit a local dive bar for the cheap drinks. And Lu liked the men that went there to shoot darts and play pool.  Lynard Skynard played on the jukebox as the three of us walked in.
We had just finished our third shot of Tequila when Lu’s mouth dropped open like she couldn’t believe her eyes. I turned to follow her gaze, but the only thing I saw was a few boys’ shooting pool in the back room. “Do you know them?”
She swung her eyes back to me looking panicked. “Maybe we should go somewhere else? This place sucks tonight.” 
“We just ordered a drink. Let’s finish it and then we’ll ask Trevor if can take us somewhere else, okay?” 
Lu chugged her beer quicker than lightning. Trevor came over a few minutes later after talking to some people we had gone to high school with. He stuck out his chin and whistled. “Damn, Lu, looks like one of your old friends is here. I bet if you asked real nice he’d go for round two.”
“Shut up, Trevor,” she bit out with warning. 
Curious as to why Lu was acting weird and why Trevor was teasing her, because he never teased her in front of me, I looked around, but came up empty. “Who are y’all talking about?” I asked Trevor.
He kept his eyes on Lu for a beat and then turned to me. “Josh Woods is here.”
“Oh, I remember him. He was a cutie way back in high school.” I cranked my neck, glancing around. “Where is he?”
Trevor smirked. “He’s playing pool.”
“Hey, Woody,” Trevor yelled out over the music. 
I froze at the name as my eyes followed where Trevor was looking. Only Woody wasn’t there. Josh Woods turned around instead. I recognized the other boys he was with seeing they ran around together back in the day. Trevor took a step to head toward the poolroom. “Why did you call him that?” I asked, stopping him from moving away from me.
He shrugged, grinning. “All the Wood boys go by Woody, or Woods. I’ll be right back.”
Lu jumped off the stool and grabbed my arm. “I want to go. You pick and we’ll go dancing, or see a movie. Let’s just ditch Trevor.”
I gasped trying to figure out what was going on. Trevor was already over talking to him, when I flipped out of Lu’s grip and made a beeline for Josh. When he saw me, he blinked and the look of nerves and guilt washed over him. I hadn’t seen him in years and quite frankly, I’d forgotten about him. 
“Josh Woods… Woody,” I murmured. I took his appearance, his blue eyes, his chiseled face, and his broad shoulders to his dark hair.
He continued to stare speechless. “How many brothers do you have?”
“Umm… why?”
Lu grabbed me, shooting a quick smile to Josh. “Honey, let’s just go.”
“Get off me, Lu,” I said through clenched teeth.
“You look just like him. I can’t believe I missed it,” I whispered the last part trying to wrap my brain around the fact that Woody lived in Charleston, which meant he was close by and which also meant, he was the one my daddy hired. It all clicked together in one beat of my heart.
I stormed out of the bar with Lu and Trevor on my heels, screaming after me. Quickly, I turned. “Give me your keys, Trevor?”
He held up his hands. “Ashton, I don’t think you should be driving.”
“They live out on the old farm on Landis Road, right?” I screamed.
Lu nodded her head. She turned to Trevor. “Let me take her.” She held out her hand and he placed the keys in her palm. 
“I’ll get a ride from someone inside. I’ll come by tomorrow and pick it up,” he agreed, which astonished me. He’d never given in to Lu, or me before. 
My heart was racing, tears springing from my eyes as Lu drove quickly and quietly to their farm. I was stunned and left speechless. I was so confused by everything I couldn’t put two and two together, but the one thing I did know was that I was going to see Woody. The only problem I had was that I didn’t know if I was going to smack him, or kiss him.
CHAPTER 38
DANE
The crunching sound alerted us that someone was paying us a visit. If he weren’t standing in front of me, I wouldn’t have believed he had the gonads to show up at my mama’s door.
Josh had gone out for a few beers with his buddies, leaving Jason, mama and me alone to hash everything out. I’d just come back from visiting Kara and the baby for a second time. I had saved some money prior to the job, and not wanting to use the money from Winslow anymore, I gave her the rest of my savings. She refused to take any more than I’d already given, but I tucked it inside the baby’s pajama drawer knowing she’d find it after I left.
She cried in my arms again, whispering how she’d missed AJ and how hard it was to be a single parent. To raise a child who would never know, or understand what a great man he was. That night before I left, I wrote a note to Lauren telling her everything about him that I knew, so someday when she was old enough and ready, she’d find out.
Pictures were still hung all over the walls of them on their wedding day. I was glad I’d gone, and I was glad I was able to give her more money. Before I left, I made sure she knew I’d be sending more when I could. I wasn’t sure when that was going to be seeing my family needed the money, but I’d be damned if AJ’s baby would go without.
“What can we do for you?” Jason asked, skeptically. 
Winslow only had eyes for me and I knew right then he knew. He had fire coming out of his ears and eyes as he barreled up to me wordlessly. I took a step back. “I take it you know.” I wasn’t sugarcoating it anymore. If he knew, so be it. It put me one step closer to Ashton.
“I trusted you with my little girl.”
I cocked my head and grinned. “That would’ve been your mistake, not mine.”
He turned to Jason. “You made a promise to me, Son.”
Jason kept his mouth closed and Winslow fixed his gaze back at me. “You are not to go near my daughter ever again. Do you understand me?”
I crossed my arms over my chest. “I don’t know if I want to do that,” I admitted. I knew I was on thin ice and he could take everything away without blinking an eye, and I was pushing it.
He stood tall and walked over to where my mama was sitting. “Catherine, we had a deal. I paid off your husband’s debt, because an old friend needed help. If you don’t have your son back off my baby, then the deal is off and your house will be taken away. I’d really hate to do that to you, but I will.”
Jason stepped in between them. “Not so fast, Winslow. We’ll get your money back to you as soon as we can. We just need some time.”
He clapped his back. “No need for that, boy,” he paused and spared me a glance. “Only one thing needs to be done and I’ll hand the deed back over, and it’ll be back in your family’s name.”
All eyes were on me now. We all sat there without muttering one word, anxious to hear what he had to say. Only, I knew before it came out of his mouth. “You’re going to tell Ashton that you have no feelings for her and that she needs to move on to someone more like Trevor Owens. If you do that, we’ll call it even. You can keep that bonus, too. I won’t have my only child run off with a man like you.”
I shook my head. “What kind of man am I?”
“There’s a certain pedigree I want my baby to marry into. She’d be slumming it out in the woods with you, and I won’t stand for that.”
My mama stood up and ushered him toward the door. “As far as slumming it in the woods, you had no problem dating me a long time ago, so I suggest you rethink what you just said about my baby. Now, you said what you came here for, now you need to leave, Bill.” 
He smiled down at her. “You’re still lovely as ever, Catherine. I wish I came out here for other reasons, but it was nice to see you anyhow.” Without one look back, he walked out the door and took off.
I paced for what felt like an hour listening to Jason, and mama go on and on about what to do next. I had every intention of finding Ashton and coming clean this weekend. I was sure I had Trevor to thank for Winslow’s visit, which meant I’d be paying him one, too.
A loud bang erupted from outside making us all jump. Jason scrambled off the couch to the window, peeling mama’s homemade lace curtains. “Fuck! Get up. We got trouble.” 
He dropped the curtain. “You ain’t gonna like what I just saw.” 
I stumbled toward him, rushing. “What is it?”
“Ashton’s outside with Lu and she just kicked in your headlight and she’s about to kick in another.”
I stormed outside. The last thing I needed was something else to pay for. “Grace,” I screamed. 
She stopped immediately, her back to me. “Don’t you call me that, Dane Woods.” She spun around, letting my real name drip off her tongue with venom. And I could tell she was going to be hell on wheels for this conversation.
“Now what did my truck ever do to you?” I decided to try and bait with a smile and my charm, but she wasn’t having any of it. 
She hurried over until she was dead in front of me and the only thing I could think of was kissing her, and I almost did. But, before I could haul her to me, Ashton slapped me so hard on my cheek I thought she broke my jaw. Her hand went back and came at me again, but I grabbed a hold of it before she could do anymore damage. “Grace, baby, stop!”
Tears were flowing down her cheeks, as I pulled her into my chest and held on for dear life. She struggled and cursed me out from under her breath, but I refused to let go. “How could you lie to me? I trusted you,” she mumbled.  
I gently let her slip from my hold, but held onto her hands. “I didn’t mean to, it just happened. I didn’t want you to find out about your father. I thought I was doing what was right. I was helping you be Grace and not Ashton, and I loved every minute of watching you.”
Lu grumbled in the background and I had almost forgotten she was here helping beat the hell of my truck. “You couldn’t keep it to yourself, could you?” I snapped.
Ashton sniffled and looked into my eyes and then looked back at Lu. I could see the hamster wheel spinning as it clicked in place. “You knew?” She screamed. “You knew I was crying every night and day over him leaving and not calling, and you knew he was in the same town? You knew his real name before me?”
“Ashton, I don’t know what to say. He asked me to keep his secret and I did because your Daddy is all you have.”
“I thought I had you too, Lu? I guess I was wrong about that.”
Lu stepped in Ashton’s space. Both girls were crying while my mama was standing there with a hand over her mouth witnessing everything. Jason stood in the background without saying one word. Which right now was smart.
“You do have me, honey. I just didn’t want you to lose faith in him. I should’ve come to you and told you about your father and Woody. I’m so sorry,” she pleaded, but it was falling on deaf ears.
Ashton had a look of pure evil on the face of an angel, and I was having hard time seeing her like that. “How much?”
I swallowed hard. “It wasn’t about the money, Grace.”
“How much did he think I was worth? Or, maybe the better question would be how much money did you make for lying down in my bed with me? I hope I was worth every penny.”
My mama gasped causing Ashton to whip her head around to see her on the porch. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Woods. I didn’t see you standing there.” Ashton raised like the good woman she was, apologized to my mama.
“Bless your heart, child.” Mama turned, grabbed onto Jason and said, “we’ll be inside if you need us.” 
My eyes didn’t leave Grace standing there with tears and makeup dripping down her face waiting on me. I was too stunned and mortified to speak. I wanted to tell her that I loved her and I was done waiting around for her, but I couldn’t do it. Not if I wanted my mama to have her house.
“I trusted you with my heart, Dane. I’ve never given it over completely before and you took advantage of how I felt about you and me. You took advantage of that love I gave you without questioning it.”
“We had a few days and we made a whole bunch of memories together, and I’ll treasure them, but Darling’ it’s gotta be over now. I’m sorry.”
She threw her hands on her hips, shock registered on her face. “You don’t get to decide that. I do.”
I rolled my eyes. “All right, what did you decide on?”
She blew her bangs out her face. “I decided I don’t even want to look at you. I thought you were someone different. I thought you loved me, but it turns out I was just a job and you got paid real well I’m sure. I hope you had a good time, because you will never, ever touch me again.”
She spun on her heels, but I pulled her back into me. I covered her mouth with mine before she could protest. She didn’t kiss me back, but I knew deep down she wanted to. Grace’s boot came down on my toes, and she stomped hard. It hurt like hell too. I let her slip away and toward Lu. “I just wanted that last kiss,” I said. I knew I shouldn’t have done it, but I couldn’t resist that mouth of hers any more than I could resist my mama’s cooking.
She stopped when she got in front of Lu. “Don’t come near me. You were my best friend, the one I counted on and you failed me, Lu.” 
Oh, man! I felt horrible for Lu being caught up in all this, but I needed to stay strong for my family.
“I need some space.” She hopped in Trevor’s car. “I’m sure you could get a ride from Dane,” she said, slamming the door shut. Ashton was gone, pealing out, and kicking up dust as she headed down the driveway. 
“Wait!” I yelled, chasing after her. Ashton slowed to a crawl. “Marry someone other than Trevor. Anyone other than him,” I begged. I couldn’t stand the thought of that man touching her and if he ever did, I didn’t know what I was capable of.
She didn’t respond, I was graced with a smug look and she kept on going.
I sat on the porch step, hating everything about what I just did. Hating myself especially for letting her walk away, without knowing how I really felt about her. 
It wasn’t until Lu’s boots were in my point of view that I looked up to her. “I didn’t tell her, Trevor did. Well, Josh too. We were at a bar and Trevor made sure she recognized your brother. I came with her for support and now I don’t have a friend, I don’t have anybody.”
“I’m sorry, Lu. I really am. I just assumed and shouldn’t have thrown you down like I did.”
“She’s never going to forgive us. He won.”
“Who?”
She took a minute to take a few deep breaths. “Her precious daddy, that’s who. He always hated me and now he’ll trap her in that house, have her married to Trevor and we’ll lose her forever. I know her better than you, Dane. It’s going to take something big for her to forgive us.”
I placed my arm around her. “She loves you, Lu. It’ll take some time, but she’ll come around.” I pulled her in and kissed the side of her head. “Now c’mon, let me drive you home.”
CHAPTER 39
ASHTON
I drove like mad through town until I pulled up in front of my house. I couldn’t go in and face Daddy. Not now. Instead, I found myself lying under one of my favorite trees and staring into the bright sky.
I had never felt so demolished in my life. I felt like the elevator floor had given in and I plunged to a quick death.
I hated looking into Woody’s eyes as he told me it was over. I could see the pain and hear the hesitation in his voice as he turned me away. It was all for the better, or at least that’s what I told myself.
Besides, there was no way I could ever look at him again in the same light. The knowledge that he’d been fifteen minutes away from me this whole time, while I lay in bed and cried over him was just too much to wrap my head around. Not to mention the two weeks of lying to my face, watching me become Grace, and sleeping next to me in his arms. None of it was real. I was a job, pure and simple.
“I thought you’d be out here,” Trevor said as he sat down beside me. 
“I left your keys in the car.”
He fell back and turned on his side. “What happened tonight?”
“I found out the person I was in love with was Dane Woods. Everything I believed him to be was false. He’s not a good guy; he’s a liar and a coward.”
Trevor lifted his hand, and played with the end of my hair. “No one is good enough for you, Ashton. And I know you’re upset, but if you could, just give me one chance to make you happy, I swear I can.”
“I know you want my daddy’s money more,” I alleged.
His hand dropped until it was resting on my belly. “I got my own family money and I do well on my own. It’s not about the money.”
“You barely even know the real me. Hell, I barely found her.”
“I knew you’d be lying under this tree, far enough so your old man couldn’t see you. I do know you.”
I harrumphed. 
“I pay attention more than you think, Ashton. I know who you are and how you pretend to be the perfect daughter to him. I see it. If anything, let me be your vengeance on Woods. I take it you’d like that too. Because, I would love nothing more than to pay him back for breaking your heart.”
That had me thinking. I never played dirty my entire life. I followed the right path to a fault. It was time to make it known to the fine people of my town that I was not the good girl that everyone knew me to be. I was done.
“You’d do that for me?”
“Of course I would. I’m also offering because I can’t stand those Wood boys. Never liked them.”
I turned with a smile to look at him. He was cute, and he liked me, and he had never lied to me, which I admired. “Will you go out with me Friday night?”
He took my hand in his, pressed his lips and grazed my knuckles. “I’d love to.”
~~~
I’d hadn’t seen, nor heard from Dane in over four days. Not that I was counting. LuLu on the other hand stopped in every day. Nash was lying on my bed, panting in the summer heat as I finished up getting ready for my night out with Trevor. This was going to be a night for the books. 
Trevor had gotten word where Dane would be tonight from one of Josh’s friends. It was Friday night and they were all going to be at Monroe’s, shooting pool and playing darts. Since it was a special occasion, I’d gone shopping for the sluttiest, but most seductive dress I could find. Sadly, it wasn’t that hard to do. It was all black with a vee in the front and back so no matter which way I was facing everyone got the idea of what I had going on underneath. It barely passed my thighs, and it was tighter than skin on a grape.
I pulled my hair up, leaving some pieces down to frame my face, and wore more make-up than Lu. I looked like a high priced call girl, but since that was the look I was going for, I grinned.
The word overdressed came to my mind as we entered the local bar most of the people in town came to take a load off. It was Friday night and Trevor knew when I came down the stairs that he was in for a very entertaining evening. Although, in his filthy mind he was hoping my plan would go south and he would be there to pick up the pieces.
Since we shot over here quickly after dinner, not many people were here yet. Trevor ordered me a martini, which had me lashing out at him. “Why do always order me a drink I don’t like? You say you know me, well, I hate martinis,” I shouted. 
I pushed the drink on the bar and Jackson Folley, the bartender who once had some fun with Lu a couple months back, placed a beer and a shot of Tequila in front of me. I gestured to Jackson. “See, even he knows what I like.” Without hesitating, I picked up my shot and slammed it back. I flicked my chin, letting Jackson know to pour me one more. He filled it up, and that one went down smoothly too.
“You might want to take it easy, Ash. I heard about you and Tequila, not that I’m complaining.”
I gave him the stink eye and chose to ignore his comment. I knew what people said about some of the girls around here when they had too much tequila, and I hoped they didn’t lump me in the whole, “tequila makes her panties come off” club.
An hour of shots and a few beers later Woody and his brothers strolled into the bar without a care in the world. He didn’t see me at first. I was glad because there were two women with them, and I was trying to figure out if one of them was with him.
Woody and his brother Josh stopped at the bar to order their drinks, as I hyperventilated from the other side. Woody looked up a second later and our eyes locked. His face lit up for a split second as if he’d forgotten everything that happened. That smile vanished before I could blink my eyes.
My shaky hand reached down and grabbed the extra shot that had been sitting in front of me for some time. He watched me as he waited for his own drinks, and when I looked back up, he was shaking his head and walking away.
A small but lethal fire was igniting inside of me and even though I knew my head and heart were going to pay for it, I threw back Trevor’s shot too. Trevor had been keeping busy talking with his friend Kenny Jacobs about fishing in the fall; someplace in Georgia he liked to go, so he hadn’t seen me step down from the stool.
Somewhere in the back of my brain, I heard Kenny, “You might want to take that one home before she can’t perform.” I ignored his ruder than hell comment and headed for the dance floor. Trevor hurried up behind me and grabbed my hand. “What are you doing?”
I flicked my hair, and stepped out my shoes to get more comfortable. “I want to dance.” I turned around, wrapped my arms around his neck, and rested my head against his chest.
Trevor held me in his arms for over two songs. I wanted to cry so bad knowing that Woody was a few feet away and not where I wanted him. In my arms. Somewhere in the middle of song three, I noticed Lu come into the bar. Once she caught site of me, she didn’t hesitate moving to the dance floor with Rosie White. Rosie was a friend of ours in high school, but she got pregnant right before we graduated so I wasn’t allowed to hang out with her anymore.
Lu pulled me from Trevor and spun me around. “What are you doing with Trevor, Ashton?”
“That’s none of your business,” I fired back madder than hell. How dare she come in here and stop me from letting Woody know what he lost with his deceit.
Trevor reached out for me, but Lu wasn’t having any of it. “Get your hands off her, Trevor Owens, or I will cut them off.”
Trevor stepped in front of me to hide me, but I circled around him. He pulled me in so that his hands were wrapped around my waist and my back was pressed up against his stomach.
“Leave her alone, Lu. We’re just having some fun tonight.”
Even with the confusion and nasty words being thrown around, I smelled that familiar scent of Woody come up next to me. He glanced at Trevor but then fixed his eyes on me. “Can I talk to you?”
I glared. “No.”
“What the hell are you doing, Grace?”
“I’m trying to dance with my date,” I said spitefully.
“All right. Second question, what the hell are you wearing?”
“A dress. Do you like it?”
Meanwhile, the whole bar seemed to stop to listen to our conversation. Everyone was focused on the dance floor.
“No. Not when you’re putting everything you have on the showroom floor, Darling.” His eyes took a long, slow, lazy look down my body, causing me to remind myself not to quiver in my boots, since normally I loved when his eyes took me in like that. But deep down I knew I got what I wanted. He was jealous and outright pissed at me, exactly what I was aiming for.
I tucked my hand in Trevor’s. “Trevor likes it. Don’t you?”
Trevor kept quiet, but grinned.
“Go home, Grace.”
Trevor leaned down and asked, “Why does he keep calling you that?”
I raised my hand a little too fast to shut him up, and I smacked his nose. Hard. He released my other hand and held his nose. “What the hell, Ash?”
Woody pulled me to the side seeing he had his opportunity. “I know what you’re doing. I need you to grow up and go home. And if he won’t take you, I will.”
How dare he? “Just who do you think you are telling what to do?” I screamed. It was then the six shots of Tequila and the few beers decided to join the party. Lu, Rosie, and Trevor all jumped back and out of the way shouting, but Woody grabbed my hair just as I hunched over and chucked my guts all over his boots and the dance floor.
CHAPTER 40
DANE
I knew from the moment I saw her across the bar with him what she was doing. When she got up to dance, Jason tapped my shoulder and pointed to her. I almost spit my beer out with what she was wearing, and then was ready to get into a fight with Trevor with the way he held her in his arms.
If it wasn’t for Josh and Jason talking me down, I would’ve killed him. After fifteen minutes, I couldn’t take it anymore, especially when Lu showed up and a catfight was about ready to start. I didn’t have it in me to see Grace hurt any more than she was. 
After I ushered her off the floor and to the ladies room, I walked right in and cleaned her up. She didn’t even try to fight me. She let me pick her up, place her on the sink, wash away her tears, and clean the sides of her mouth. “Tell me why?” She cried so softly.
“I want to tell you, baby, I do.” I placed her back down. “Not tonight, okay? Let’s do this another time.”
She looked up at me, and I felt like the worst person in the world. All the pain on her face was not nearly as painful as the shame I felt. “I’m leaving,” she said.
I brushed her hair behind her ears. “Where you going, Darlin’?”
She leaned in until her head was on my chest. “I don’t know yet. I just need to get out of here. Away from Charleston, Lu, you, Trevor, my Daddy, I need to go somewhere and start over.”
I cupped her face and tilted it up, so I could look in her eyes. “It’s not gonna do any good to run away from your problems, Grace. You need to face them head on and deal with them.”
“I don’t want to. I want to run away and meet someone who loves me for me. Who doesn’t lie to me, who loves me enough to fight for me.”
I sighed. “Maybe you need to learn how to fight for yourself first,” I whispered in her ear. I pressed my mouth on her forehead. “Come find me when you do.”
I figured if she could stand up to her daddy we might have a chance, but I needed her to do it and not let him railroad her into a life she didn’t want. I knew that she was talking about me, and about how she wanted me to be her knight in shining armor.
I also wanted to tell her about my family problems, and about how her daddy was the root cause of our pain. But I didn’t. I would someday, but it wasn’t going to be the ladies room with her too drunk to remember anything.
I walked away again. I left her alone in the bathroom crying as I opened the door. Lu was standing right outside waiting on us. “Is she okay?” she asked.
“Make sure she gets home safely. I’m leaving.”
I didn’t even say goodbye to my brothers. I just jumped in my truck, turned up the radio, and drove. I drove for hours, circling our town, stopping every once in a while to let myself drown in the pain I caused her.
I never knew Ashton Winslow. But I knew Grace Winslow and my Grace wouldn’t act like that, so the old Ashton, the one she so desperately wanted not to be, was the one I had the privilege of dealing with tonight until she got sick. And I hated myself for bringing her back. I thought she might be strong enough after our two weeks together, to stand up to her father and fight for what she wanted, but it appeared I was wrong.
I checked my phone for the millionth time tonight to see if she made it back to home. I still had her on my tracking system, even though I told myself it was wrong on so many levels. Every night before I turned in, I made sure I knew where she was, otherwise I’d probably go out and find her.
I assumed she was home since the GPS tracker told me she was, but I was wrong. Her little Lexus was parked outside my house when I pulled up after two in the morning. I fumbled, trying to get the keys out of the ignition, desperate to find out why she was here. All the lights were out in my mama’s house, so I hurried around back to my barn. The one small light I left on before I took off was the only thing guiding me inside. She wasn’t there when I first glanced around. I closed my eyes and slowly lifted back the curtain that separated my bedroom from the small part of the house. Grace was sound asleep on my bed, looking like the angel I’d found in Nashville. I knew I should take the high road and sleep on my lumpy couch, but when I saw that golden opportunity to hold her in my arms, even if it’s for one last time, I wanted it.  I might be going straight to hell for it, but I didn’t care.
I settled next to her, after I had thrown back a beer as I tried to talk myself out of it. In the end I lost, and so then I got ready for bed. My heart never listened to my brain before; apparently, it wasn’t going to start now. It was hot and I’d only slipped under the sheet in my boxer briefs. Grace was completely dressed. Only her dress was gone and she was in a pair of sweat shorts and tiny tee shirt.
My fingers ran through her hair, as I lifted wet strands to my nose taking in her familiar honeysuckle smell. She must’ve gone home and showered, leaving her cell behind. I sighed into her neck, burying my face in the familiarity of her. She rolled over and her hand slowly moved over my chest, making circles on my stomach. I knew she was awake. “Grace?”
“Hmm?”
“Baby, why are you here?”
“Because I miss you,” she whispered. My heart was breaking in half listening to her. Still, I just kept running my fingers through her hair as if I hadn’t heard her. “I’m still mad at you, Woody, but I need you to tell me the truth.”
“Are you sober?”
She leaned up to look at me and nodded. “Yeah.”
Her hair draped down and on my chest. Slowly, I pushed it away from her face, and breathed. “Your father is our problem, Grace. Not me, it’s your daddy keeping us apart. He wants you with Trevor. He hates my family.”
She shook her head, confused. “I don’t understand. What did he say to you?”
I turned on my side, so she followed suit. She had her hands tucked under her chin. “My father accrued a lot of debt before he died. We didn’t know, but mama did. Your father found out and offered my mama a chance to keep her farm. She took it and your daddy owns it now. He’s offered to give it back to her if I stay away from you,” I admitted. 
“I can’t believe he did that. You must be wrong.”
I shook my head. “No, baby, I’m not. We can’t be together. My mama will lose her farm and he already threatened to find a way to ruin my brother’s business.” I paused to study her face. “Grace, I want to fight for you, I do, but my hands are tied so tight.”
Grace sprang up. “I’ve got money. You can have all of it. I have a trust set up. It’s yours. You take it and pay it off and then he can’t stop us.”
Unable to take her lying next to me anymore without touching her, I rolled over and pressed my mouth to hers. She moaned into the kiss, eagerly accepting it, but I pulled away knowing it was probably going to be our last. “I’m not taking your money, baby. But, thank you for the offer.”
Her face fell. “Can I ask you something? And I need you to tell me the truth for once.”
“Grace…” she pressed her finger to my mouth, stopping me from protesting.
“Was I really just a job, or did you fall for me as hard as I did for you?”
“Grace, what good is the truth right now? We can’t be together whether I want you or not.” She started crying and I wanted to take away that pain. “You were not just a job, baby, okay? But,” I paused to kiss her forehead, “it has to be over,” I admitted. “Maybe someday.”
Grace looked hard at me, her mouth slammed into mine catching me off guard. I wrapped my arms around her not wanting to let her go. The familiar taste of her mouth, the way it moved in sync with mine had me coming undone. Her mouth, her kisses were pleading with me to give in and I wanted to so badly my whole body ached. My hand ran down her thigh and under her shorts, craving to be inside of her one more time. 
I was just about to give into my heart, which I rarely do, when Grace pulled away abruptly, “If you want to keep this going tonight, well, you can’t walk away again. You need to fight for me.”
It was like a bucket of ice water thrown at me. I didn’t like what she was doing, playing with my heartstrings. I pulled my hand out of her shorts. I kissed her lips gently one last time. “I’m going to have to stop then, Ashton.” I used her real name, knowing she’d understand why. Grace would never pull this on me.
I couldn’t see the tears, but I heard them as she grabbed her shoes from the floor and ran out the door. I lay in bed that night knowing that I pushed her away enough that she wasn’t coming back.
CHAPTER 41
ASHTON
All cried out and unable to sleep after Woody made a fool out of me, I made a pot of coffee when I got home. I don’t know why I thought if I climbed in his bed one more time, he’d give in and tell me he’d loved me. I should’ve known better than to believe that I had what he needed. 
The sun hadn’t even risen yet, but it was coming soon and with it, the lecture I was going to give Daddy.
I drummed my fingers on the mug as I heard him make his way down the staircase. Patiently, I waited for him to grab his morning paper off the front stoop to join me in the kitchen.
He looked up from the front page and noticed me sitting down at the kitchen table. “You’re up bright and early, Sugarplum.”
I stared at him and in a small, disappointed voice, I said, “I know everything, Daddy.” 
He looked baffled, but folded his paper and placed it under his arm. “All right, Ashton, I’ll bite. What do you think you know?”
My stomach flipped at the thought of ripping into my own flesh and blood, but if I had to give up Woody, then I felt like I deserved the truth. I sat up straight, crossed my arms, and raised my chin, determined. “I know what you did to the Wood’s family. What I want to know is why?”
“I thought I explained it to you, Sugarplum. I can’t have you with a Wood’s boy and all his ghosts coming out of the closet when I run for Senate. You need a solid man in your life, one that earns respect from our kind of people.”
I stood up quickly. “Our kind of people?”
He threw the paper down on the table, and steadied his gaze. “You have always had a life of privilege and I will not let you go off with a man that hasn’t even graduated college. What kind of life can he give you?”
“I have my own money. We’ll find a way. I love Dane, Daddy. I need you to tell me it’s okay.”
He leaned over, resting his palms on the table and a look of desperation crossed his face. “Let me put this as plainly as I can for you, sweetheart. You take Trevor’s offer of marriage and I’ll sign over that deed to Catherine.”
My hand flew to my mouth. “Are you serious?”
“I am. That boy is wrong for you and I regret having someone like him follow you. Dane Woods will wreck everything that I raised you to be.”
“And Trevor won’t,” I fired back.
He shook his head and I could tell I wasn’t going to win this war. “Once you’re married to Trevor, he’ll move in here and we’ll all be together. You, me, and Trevor, and all of those beautiful babies you’ll have. It’s what I’ve always wanted.”
I sat down, defeated. “So my happiness means nothing to you?”
He came around and kissed the top of my head. “It means everything to me. That’s why I’m doing this. Trust me, someday you’ll thank me.”
I snorted. “Give back the deed, Daddy.”
“Accept Trevor and forget about Dane Woods.”
The sun had completely risen as we argued and I was exhausted from not getting any sleep and all the alcohol I had consumed was making my head feel like a tambourine was shaking around inside. It was clear he was determined, but so was I.
“Done. Tell Trevor to come over later. And, Daddy, I want a big, fat diamond ring. You tell him that when you meet up for one your bourbons.” I was furious that they had concocted some devious plan to wed me off, and stash me away in this house to never be anything other than a wife, mother, and Lord knows what else. I still had dreams and goals of my own. “And, Daddy, you will give that deed back to Mrs. Wood’s pronto.”
I’d hoped once she got it back, I could break off my engagement and be back in the arms of the man that I wanted. I just hoped my plan worked and that Woody wanted me.
Daddy had poured himself a cup of coffee in the meantime and I could tell he was thinking. His smile widened. “I’d love to. As soon as you two get hitched. Then I’ll personally drop it off to Catherine myself. I would love nothing more.”
I stood, rage boiling inside of me. “But, you just said.”
“It’s my deed, my property and I’ll give it back when I’m satisfied.”
I wanted to hit him, or something, but instead I smiled politely. “I’m going to bed seeing I couldn’t sleep a wink knowing my father was arranging my marriage like we were living in the 18th century.”
As I was walking away, he stopped and held onto my arm. I refused to grant him the tears that were beginning to fall. “I don’t like upsetting you, but baby, this has to happen my way.”
I shook free of his grasp and up to my room to pack. I threw various things in a bag, not paying any attention to what and if I had the right things. I knew he had to go off to work and that gave me an hour to get myself prepared for finally breaking free of him.
By nine in the morning, I was on the highway after hitting up the bank. I withdrew over ten thousand dollars from my account and made sure no one knew where I was going. I’d disappear for some time and try to figure out my life with, or without love. There was no way in hell I was being forced to marry Trevor, and there was no way I was going to be the one to let down Dane’s mama. As much as I loved Dane, I couldn’t bring his mother down with my selfishness, or because my heart hurt so bad.
If I was going to pretend to marry that SOB, I needed to keep up pretenses, so that’s what I planned on doing. And then once I did, I’d disappear.
The other house in Hilton Head was the only place I had to go when I was ready. He didn’t know, but I had had an extra key made back when I was seventeen. Lu and I sneaked there for an overnight stay after we graduated. That was the only night he had no idea of anything we did. He trusted me that one night. Or, looking back maybe he didn’t. Who knows?
It would be easy for him to discover me. All he had to do was call up a neighbor to find out if it looked like I was there, but I had a plan before I headed there. 
The next morning I rode my bicycle to Landis Road. It wasn’t to see Woody, although I wanted to, but I was there to visit his mama. She opened the door with a big smile, pulling me inside the house he grew up in. Now, I knew where his scent came from, the whole house smelled like him. 
“What can I do for you, dear?” She guided me over to a big cozy kitchen table where I could picture them all sitting around, like one big happy family having dinner together.
She poured me some sweet tea and placed it down in front of me. “I’m in love your son.”
She smiled politely. “I know that, sugar.”
I wiped the tear that came out of nowhere. “I’m marrying a man I loathe, but I want to do it so I can help your family. Help Dane. I can’t face him and tell him myself, but I thought if you could tell him for me, well, I’d appreciate it.”
She lifted my chin with her fingers. “Don’t go marrying that boy if you love my son. We’ll figure something out. Dane just needs to see that I’m okay and then he’ll come to you.”
I lifted my eyes to look at her. “I can’t trust my father until then. I’m going to do this. I hope y’all understand and most of all, I hope Dane doesn’t hate me for not waiting. I want to ensure my father finally does something good.”
My heart was hammering in my chest as she watched me carefully, as if whatever she said next might break me. “Dane could never hate you. My son loves you, Ashton, but you do what you need to do. He’ll understand.”
I sniffled, and tears fell free. I stood quickly. “I best be going, please take care of yourself.” As I walked out of that house, pictures of Woody and his family were scattered on the walls of the kitchen. It was then that I knew I’d completed my bucket list. I did something for the good of someone else, and didn’t gain a damn thing for it other than my own broken heart. And I was okay with that.
CHAPTER 42
DANE
“Let it go, Dane,” Jason said, as he pulled up a stool next to me in one of the local bars. I couldn’t take my eyes off of them, not since they rolled in. Trevor’s slimy, greedy, cheating arms were wrapped around Ashton letting everyone, including me know that she was his now. He’d won.
“I don’t think I can.” I slammed my fourth shot since they happily walked in without a care in the world. Before that, I’d been sticking to ice water. But just the sight of her with him wrecked me. I could hear her laughing at whatever it was he was whispering in her ear, and then she stopped after finally noticing me watching her. She shot me a subtle smile that kicked my heart in gear. I started to stand, but now Josh was blocking my path.
“Where you going, big brother?”
“Move, Josh, or I swear I’ll kick your ass right in front of everyone,” I warned him. My head was swimming with pain and every other emotion as I watched them together.
He placed his hands on his hips, shaking his head and sighing. “You need to let that one go, D. Find another chick. She’s just a girl, man.”
I punched his shoulder but not enough to hurt him. “Just a girl? Do you know what that girl has done for you, for us, for Mama?” I spat out through clenched teeth trying to hold some sense of control before I lost it.
He shoved me back down onto my stool. “Yeah, and I already sought her out when I found out and thanked her. And yeah, I know what she means to you, but Dane you need to move on for all of our sakes.” He gestured toward them. “She has,” he reminded me.
Jason chimed in, “he’s right, Dane. You know what that farm means to mama and my business. I got a wife and kid that I need to support.”
I turned to face Jason and glared. “You think you need to remind me of the hold that asshole has on us?”
He held his hands up in protest. “I’m just saying.”
“I know what you both are saying, I just don’t agree.”
Jason and Josh’s eyes both shifted to the side of me anxiously. 
“Hey there, Woody,” I heard her sweet voice suddenly there, so close I could touch her.
I sucked in a quick breath, turning almost afraid to look in her direction. I swore every time at just the sight of her I could see her pregnant with my babies, her and I growing old and gray together, and I couldn’t stand not being able to have everything I wanted with her. “Ashton, how you been?”
She tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear, leaning toward me. I wanted to lean in but I didn’t. Instead, I edged back propping my elbow on the bar. “Can I talk to you real quick?” She whispered.
“Sure. What is it?” I knew I was coming off like an asshole, but I was sick to my stomach knowing he was the one taking her home with him tonight, touching her the way I use to.
She cleared her throat, quickly glancing at my two brothers who were slowly retreating to the dartboard several feet away. “Where’s Trevor? Or, oh, that’s right I hear a congratulations is in order? How’s your fiancé?” I asked wondering how much time she had before he came back and took her away. Her shiny ring sat big and bright on her finger nearly blinding me when I looked down. I knew I’d never be able to give her that. 
“He’s on a business call outside. I haven’t really had a chance to talk to you about everything. I just…I know I was mad, Dane, but I wanted you to know something.”
Shit! This girl melted my rock hard heart just hearing her voice and looking into those eyes.
“You know I had to do it all to save your farm and I wouldn’t change the opportunity to get you to keep it, but I wanted you to know one thing before you decide to hate me forever.”
“Grace…” She held up her finger to my lips, shushing me. I wanted to scream at her that I didn’t hate her. I could never hate her. Hell, if I had my way I’d be giving her my last name as fast as she’d let me.
“I want you to know those nights we spent together were the best nights of my life, and I’ll never forget anything you did for me. Ever.” Her lips caressed my mouth so softly and much too quickly, I couldn’t even catch my breath.
I didn’t even know how to speak. She had me so tongue-tied and flustered and before I could find the words, she was running away from me and toward Trevor, before I could reach and grab her. Every fiber of my being was telling me to go kick his ass and claim what was rightfully mine. I knew it. She knew it. And sure as shit, Trevor knew it. He’d never have her the way I did, the way she was with me and I was with her. She owned me and even if she went off and married that SOB, and I found some sweet girl to take her place, she’d still own every piece of my heart.
I slammed one last shot of Comfort before joining my brothers trying to figure out exactly how I could either go on without that girl in my life, or how I could get her back. I was not usually the type that sat around and waited for something to land in front of me, hell, usually I was the type that’d go break down her door to make her mine. Maybe that was what she needed. A reminder of the kind of man that I am.
~~~
Her silhouette in her bedroom window was exactly what I’d hoped to find. It had been two weeks since my little run-in with the beautiful Ashton Winslow (soon to be Owens) at the bar. Yep, found out the hard way. That dear Daddy of hers made sure I found out that Trevor proposed, and that Ashton happily accepted. That was the same night I’d bumped into her at the bar. That was the main reason I was there, to forget about her with my brothers, but instead I found myself staring at the bottom of a bottle of Southern Comfort. My brothers had wanted to cheer me up and get me moving on. Joke was on all of us. Winslow won again.
 If it weren’t for Josh and Jason, I probably would’ve driven out there, kicking up dust, trying to catch up with her just to pick a fight with Trevor that night when they left the bar, but I didn’t. 
I had to leave her alone for the time being. So, instead I just watched her shadow until I couldn’t see it anymore.
CHAPTER 43
ASHTON
Preparations were under way since the day Trevor put that ring on my finger. When I told Daddy to make sure it was big, he must’ve told Trevor, because my hand was sporting two carats on top of a beautiful platinum setting. And although it was a knock-you-on-your-ass kind of ring, I hated it sitting there for everyone to see. To know that Trevor claimed me as his and that I, being the dutiful daughter to the next hopeful Senator of South Carolina accepted. 
I saw how Woody looked at me when his eyes saw that ring, and when my lips touched his. He didn’t know it but I felt him shiver under my touch, and I knew more than anything I was making a horrible mistake by marrying Trevor. My father still had the deed and until I walked on that damn crinkle paper they threw on the aisle, it would remain there. I just had to see this through. And once it was done, we all could move on and get on with our lives.
Nash was wagging his tail as I sat on the edge of my bed debating what I should do with the latest information I’d received on Trevor. Twice now, I had photos that had been placed on the front seat of my car, implicating Trevor. The first was a detailed account on how many women he’s been with, which kind of freaked me out. One was even with a high priced call girl for an event he took to one of my daddy’s fundraisers. And the second he was cozying up to Michelle Brennan in the closet at a charity function I blew off last week, since my period had come early and I didn’t do well with cramps. I had my suspicions’ on how they landed in my lap, for me to do with what I needed. 
Nash barked pulling me from my thoughts just as Lu walked in my room. She looked like hell. I hadn’t talked to her for the last three weeks. 
She was shaking like a leaf, and tears filled her eyes. “Do you have a minute for an old friend?” She didn’t beg, but I could tell she was praying underneath that tone of hers.
How could I say no to her the way she came in? Something was wrong. I pulled her down on to my bed. “What happened to you?”
She wiped her tears, her loud sniffling as she hiccupped. “His friend,” she trembled. 
“Whose friend, honey?” I rubbed my hands up and down her arms trying to get her to calm down.
“Do you remember Tyler? We met him at that bar on the docks with Trevor a while back?”
I nodded. Waiting for some kind of horrible bomb to drop.
“He told me something about Trevor.”
“Okay,” I said trying to get her to continue.
“Shit, Ash. You can’t tell anyone, especially not Trevor, or he’ll hurt me more.”
I stood up, anxiously biting my nails. Wondering what the hell she was talking about. “I promise. Just tell me.”
“Trevor has a kid up in Maryland. He never sees him, and Ash he doesn’t help, or even acknowledge that poor baby. He’s only one and a half years old. Tyler hit me when I told him I was going to tell you.”
“What?” I ran to stand over to her, and turned her face from side to side, taking in the large bruise on her right cheek. “I will kill that son of a bitch,” I shouted.
She shook her head. “Let’s just go somewhere so he can’t find me. I ran out of there so fast he couldn’t catch me. If he tells Trevor,” she shook. 
“All right, Lu. This is what we’re gonna do, Sweetie. You grab a couple bags in my closet and I’ll grab my spare key to the beach house. We have to go now before my daddy gets home.” Lu nodded frantically. I picked her up and pushed her toward my closet. 
Quickly, I grabbed the key and then helped shoved clothes and toiletries inside the bags as she dropped them on the bed. “Meet me at my car in ten minutes, I just want to bring Nash back down to the barn and leave a note for Teddy the groundskeeper to take care of him for me.”
Lu grabbed both bags, ran down the staircase, and headed outside with Nash and me on her heels.
Tyler was coming up the porch steps and I didn’t get a good feeling about what was going to happen next. I didn’t know much about him other than he and Trevor worked together, but something by the way he looked told me he wasn’t a good man. 
“Well, you two look like you’re running off somewhere.”
I stepped in front of Lu, stuck my chin and out, and took a deep breath. “You ever hit my friend again and I will make sure Trevor fires you.”
He snorted. “Trevor wouldn’t make it more than a week if someone didn’t tell him how to run his father’s company, or how to wipe his own ass. That man has no business sense. You sure are lucky you have your daddy’s money, seeing that Trevor will probably run that electrical company into the ground. He needs me.”
“It sounds to me like you need him,” I snapped. 
Tyler took a step closer and I could feel Lu pulling me back to get out of his reach. My car was a mere ten feet away and I wanted desperately to get inside with Lu and take off. I hadn’t taken any lessons in fighting, but I knew where to hit a man to bring him to his knees. “Keep it up, bitch and I’ll hit you next.” His nostrils flared and his eyes looked beady in the afternoon sun.
I grabbed one of the bags from Lu without taking my eyes off of him. I counted to three in my head, and then took my knee and drove it home as hard I could. Tyler dropped, like a bag of potatoes holding on to his manhood, cursing me out under his ragged breath. 
 “Get in the car, Lu,” I screamed as I pulled her alongside me.
I dropped the leash just as I opened the door. Nash’s puppy dog eyes stared up at me. “C’mon, boy.” Nash just sat there, staring, and growling at Tyler. I couldn’t wait. “I’ll be back for you, Nash.” I patted his head, but noticed Tyler moving to a half sit, half stand position just as I cranked on the engine. We roared out of there. I could see him screaming from the front porch, but I couldn’t make anything out that he was saying.
It wasn’t until we both felt safe that we started laughing. 
“I can’t believe you kneed him in his nuts like that,” Lu said through happy tears.
“I thought I missed it when I didn’t feel anything. That boy must have a toothpick for a penis.”
Lu laughed harder, tears falling from her eyes. “You have no idea how right you are.”
We talked about Trevor, Tyler, and Woody and the whole ninety minutes it took us until we pulled into North Forest Beach.
We had just popped the cork off the second bottle of Chardonnay from my dear daddy’s supply that he kept here. “I can’t believe you’re giving up on Dane,” Lu said, uncertain of bringing him up by the wariness of her tone.
Slowly, I took a long sip from my glass. “Me either. I can’t believe I’m allowing this,” I admitted. 
“That father of yours is a major SOB. He keeps on letting you down. I know he loves you deeply, but baby girl, he’s making you give up the man you love.”
I held my glass in the air, feeling tipsy. “And my dreams. Let’s not forget about those.”
“What are you talking about?”
“It’s nothing,” I lied. I hadn’t told a soul how both of them, Trevor and Daddy want me home raising a family, and how no respectable man would let his wife work.
She leaned over, grabbing me by my shoulders. “You are going to be a teacher and leave that house.”
I shook my head, solemnly.
“Are you going to pass this opportunity up to take care of your Daddy and Trevor?”
I looked up to meet her gaze. “They’re all I have left. Woody’s gone. I can’t love a man more than him. I might as well just humor my daddy and get on with it.”
“You listen to me, Ashton Winslow. You only have one life and I will not stand by and watch you throw it down the drain for likes of Trevor fucking Owens. Or, that ridiculously warped father of yours. Do you hear me?” Her voice was raised and angry, not letting go of me.
I fell into her arms. “I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to be the cause of his mama losing everything. How could she forgive me for that? Could you imagine on Thanksgiving all of us sitting around a big old table at my daddy’s because they lost their farm? I can’t. Deep down his mama and his brothers would probably hate me for it and Dane would be the one to pay.”
“Well, then, we need to think of something to make your Daddy see the light. We need to come up with a plan to win Dane and get your Daddy’s damn approval.” She rocked up to a standing position and paced back in forth in front of the huge window overlooking the beach.
I poured two more glasses of wine. “I got it,” she shouted, excitedly. 
“What is it?” I stood up, anxious to hear her idea.
“We go home next weekend and find Dane, get him all liquored up, go off the pill, and have unprotected sex and have a baby with him. Even your daddy wouldn’t refuse blood.”
“That’s a horrible idea, Lu.” Although, having his baby did sound nice.
“Why? Give me one reason?”
I knocked back the rest of my wine while I was convincing myself not to go through with her plan. It was stupid, but brilliant. It would work and I knew it. “I can’t trap, Dane. It can’t be like that. I want him to come to me because he loves me, not because I force his hand.”
Lu plopped back down on the floor next to me. “I was trying to think out of the box. Sorry,” she apologized.
“Yeah, Pandora’s Box.”
The next morning we woke to bright sunshine, and the sound of seagulls in the background. I couldn’t think of any other place I’d rather live for the rest of my life. I loved it here. I always have. My daddy would bring me down here with whoever the nanny was at the time, and I’d play in the surf and sand for hours upon hours. At night, Daddy would come in my room and read me a bedtime story until I fell asleep. I had more memories of his goodness here than our home.
Lu was pouring coffee into mugs when I stepped into the kitchen. I smiled at remembering how a few days before I bumped into an old friend at the Piggly Wiggly. 
I grinned as she handed me a cup. 
“What?” she asked.
“You will never believe who I bumped into at the store the other day.”
“Who?”
“Charlie Lucca, and he was all alone, buying those frozen dinners for one. So, I told him you were still single and he should call to ask you out. So you may want to watch out for that call,” I teased.
“Why the hell would you do that?”
“Because I was pissed at you and because I love you. You need to find someone, Lu and he really, really likes you.”
“I’m gonna kill you,” she warned, but laughed a second later.
“Well,” I started to walk into the other room. “You can kill me while you’re over borrowing my blue sweater.”
She quickly followed. “Which one?”
“Just your favorite. The baby blue with the vee neck.”
“If I didn’t love you so much I’d tell your daddy all about the things you did on our trip.”
“It’s a good thing you love me then.”
“I really hate you,” she said, but I heard the smile in her voice.
“Nah, you don’t and you can thank me after the date. If you give hot kisses goodnight on the front porch instead of chickening out, you can have my sweater as a gift. If, you don’t go on that date, well, I guess when I go back to volunteering I’ll pick up a kitten for you. Start off that whole spinster look for you.”
“Remind me why we’re friends again?”
I smiled as my feet hit the stairs. “Because, we love each other like sisters.”
“Oh, yeah, now I remember.” She smiled at me as I started to climb. I was set on putting my suit on and relaxing in the sun, maybe even hitting the Jacuzzi attached to the pool later on. The one thing I was determined to do was forget about my problems. At least for today.
CHAPTER 44
DANE
The one thing I remembered about Grace was the taste of her lips on mine. I couldn’t stop thinking about her as hard as I tried. Staring at the blades of the fan as they spun around, I talked to myself, trying to quiet the voices inside my head. Mostly, AJ’s voice since his was the one that haunted me. I knew I’d live with it forever, and I finally accepted that.
I turned the television off and on, just to do it over again to try and find the peace I was looking for tonight. I told myself I wouldn’t check to see where she was spending her nights, and I’d been doing a good job at it, until now. I hadn’t seen or heard from Grace in several days, so I checked for the first time in a long time.
I shot straight up from lying down on the couch, taking notice of where her phone said she was. I paced several times, until I called the one person I knew would help me. Josh picked up on the fifth ring just as I almost gave up on him. 
“What’s up, bro? Talk up some, it’s loud as shit here.”
“I need to know if Trevor Owens is there and if not, I need you to find out where he is tonight.”
“Hold on a sec,” he told me. A few seconds passed until I heard him again. “All right, I stepped outside. That asshole was here earlier, but he left with someone.”
“Who?” 
“A couple of people. He was trying not to be obvious, but I cornered Karen Ann in the bathroom to find out what was up. She told me he was taking her home. If you know what I mean?”
“And you trust this girl, why?”
“Pfft. Man, I got some of these girls wrapped around my finger. She told me and I trust her. That dude’s an asshole for running around on Ashton.”
“I need one more favor, baby brother.”
“What is it?”
“I need you to call that girl and get her to take a picture, or some kind of proof of the man he is. I have one more card up my sleeve that I’m thinking of playing.”
“Is it gonna get you the girl?” He asked.
“Probably not, but it will mean the end of Trevor. And Ashton will have a chance to find a good man.”
“Yeah, all right. I’ll call you when I get something.”
I waited all night for that proof. Once it came through, I was able to sleep knowing that I was one step closer to keeping that bastard away from Grace.
Just as I walked into the offices the next morning, Amy popped up out of seat and I could tell it wasn’t good.
She gave me a sad smile, “I tried to keep them out, but they insisted on waiting for you in your office.”
“Who?”
“Winslow and Trevor Owens.”
Fuck! I shook my head. I stopped in the kitchenette to pour a cup of coffee to handle the pair of them. Something was up and I was pretty sure it had to do with Ashton.
I stepped through the open door. Winslow turned toward me as he heard me come in. “Where is she?” He demanded.
“Where’s who?” I asked, paying dumb.
“Ashton,” Trevor said. 
I shrugged. “No idea. She’s your fiancé, I would think you would know, or did she find out about Toby?”
He stood and got in my face. “Shut up, Woods, or I’ll make you.”
I grinned widely. “I’d love to see you try.”
“Boys, boys enough,” Winslow’s voice thundered. 
Winslow glanced at Trevor. “We’ll talk about whoever the hell Toby is later, but for now,” he turned to me. “I’d like my daughter back.”
“I don’t have her, Sir.”
“I don’t believe you.”
I walked around him, and took a seat at my desk, placing my feet up. “I don’t really care about what you believe, Sir. If you can’t find Ashton maybe there’s a reason.”
I swiped my phone on and scrolled to my message from Josh that came in late last night. “I decided that I’d like to play one of my cards about now.” I pushed the cell toward him. Trevor reached for it, but Winslow grabbed his arm forcefully.
“What is this?” Winslow asked as he stared down to the picture.
“Well, I believe that is your future son-in-law engaging in sexual activities last night, while Ashton’s missing.”
I looked over at Trevor who looked like he was going to explode. “Where did you get that?” He seethed.
“A little birdy. You should be more careful who you trust,” I fired back, flicking his collar on his expensive shirt.
“I don’t get it,” Winslow said looking between us. 
“Don’t get what, Sir? It’s pretty explanatory.”
“No,” he shook his head. “What are you getting out this, boy?”
I smiled at Winslow and then held a firm face to look at Trevor. “Ashton not marrying a scum like him. That’s what I’m getting. You’re so worried about your political career you haven’t spent enough time watching the ones you trust. Instead of having me follow around your very trustworthy daughter, it should’ve been him the whole time.” I paused and took a breath as I stepped in front of him. “Should I tell him who Toby is, or do you want that honor?”
Trevor took the first swing and it was a pretty good one straight to the face. But, that was the only one I was letting him get in. 
A few hours later, I headed out after having an all-out battle in my office with Trevor. Jason had come in and stopped it before Trevor needed an ambulance. Winslow just stood there for a few minutes, staring at my phone, before he walked out that door, leaving his puppet Trevor in a losing battle.
It shouldn’t have surprised me to find my tires slashed, and the windshield busted in when I left the office later on. Trevor could do whatever he wanted to me, as long as Ashton was left alone. Jason dropped me off at home, but not before grilling me.
“You ready to tell me what that was all about?”
“It’s about Ashton finally being Ashton.”
He shook his head. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“Nothing. Listen; tell mama I’m taking off for the night. I’ll call and update you when I know something.”
“Where you going?”
“To get Ashton. Where do you think I’m going?” I circled the bike propped up against the barn. I pulled back the old ratty tarp covering it up.
“You actually riding that thing?”
“Yeah, I am. It’s time.” My insides were tied in a knot as I stared at AJ’s Harley. I had convinced myself for so long that it was his, and now that he was gone, I had no right to enjoy it. 
Jason walked over to me. “You sure you’re all right getting on that thing?”
“Yeah, this is the way AJ would want it to be. I know that now, hell I knew it then, I just hated having that reminder that he was gone.”
He slapped me on my back. “Go get her. We’ll figure everything out later.”
I ran inside to grab the set of keys and helmet before I talked myself out of it. I had to get to Ashton and when I straddled his Harley, I felt a sense of warmth come over me like AJ was right next to me. This bike brought on a sense of peace that only my Grace had the power to do. It took me ten minute to start her up. A tear fell from my eye remembering the last time I saw AJ riding this hog. We were on deployment and Kara was on the back of it, and another guy and I followed them to Myrtle Beach for the weekend. It’d been almost three years since that night happened. He was most proud of that night, since he thought that was the night when Kara got pregnant.
It felt good to feel alive again. Like I had something to fight for, someone to run to, I couldn’t wait to get to Grace.
Two hours later, I turned off the bike and walked it to the side of the house. Once it was parked, I quietly made my way to the rear of the home that faced the beach. I breathed the salt air in and took in the moonlight bouncing off the ocean. After picking the outside rusted lock, I glided the patio door open as quietly as possible. I watched her house for a few hours and I knew Lu was with her. And I was glad that they found a way back to each other. I knew they would. But, I wanted to get Ashton alone and not deal with Lu, so I waited until nightfall and all the lights were off to make my move.
I had every intention of letting her go, but after everything that I found out about Trevor Owens from Josh, I just couldn’t stand by and let it happen. I needed one more chance to get her to love me again. I was ready to lose everything my family had owned for a second chance with her.
The house was dark other than a small nightlight coming from the kitchen, but since I’d kept an eye on them from the beach through the huge glass window, I saw the room Ashton went into. As soon as my foot hit the first step, the echo of an old rickety stair squeaked from underneath my boot. I flinched, and then decided the hell with it. Quickly, I hoofed it three steps at a time trying to hide any noises. If anything, I could reach her room before Lu came out and reamed me a new ass.
Luckily for me, she wasn’t the wiser. Ashton’s room was down the long corridor to the left of the room Lu went in. Which was a good thing since I didn’t want to be quiet if she let me in. I twisted the knob to open her door, noticing her figure tucked under the blankets with the guidance of the moon coming in through the window. 
Quickly, I stripped my boots off and made my way over to her bed. She had soft music playing in the background from her radio that I knew she liked to fall asleep to. I was so afraid of messing everything up; afraid of pushing her too far, but I just wanted to feel her mouth on mine again. To wrap my arms around her and breathe her in like my soul depended on it.
Carefully, I took the necessary steps until I was looking down at her. Her hair was cascading over her shoulder, her hands tucked under her face as she lay on her side. I took a huge breath in, and then let it back out several times. “Ashton,” I called out softly.
She jumped up and started to scream, but my hands were there before she could make too loud of a noise. “It’s me. Dane.”
Her body softened under mine, so I removed my hands from covering her lips. “What are doing here?” She asked sitting up. When she did, the cotton sheet slipped down, revealing her little nightie that she was wearing to bed. It was white, sheer and lacy, so feminine, and so perfect on her. She saw me looking, but she didn’t try to cover herself. “Woody?”
I shook off the trance she had me under. “Jesus, Grace, I just wanted to see you—to talk to you, if you’d let me.” My hands were itching to reach up and grab a hold of her, but instead I grabbed onto the bottom of my tee and wrapped my hands tightly around the hem trying to hold on for dear life. 
This she noticed too. 
She slipped her pretty little hands under my shirt, pulling mine out, until our fingers were meshed together. “Woody, what is it?” She whispered, pulling me closer.
“There’s one small flaw in your escape plan, Grace.”
“There is?”
“Yeah, you forgot to let me in on it,” I told her. I leaned forward, her arm draped over my back, the other gently caressing my face. I kissed her softly, and then more urgently when she didn’t protest. We kissed for a long, long time without moving for even a second.
I couldn’t speak for Ashton, but I knew why I didn’t want to move. I was so afraid that if I did, she’d tell me to leave and push me away, or that she’d tell me that she didn’t love me anymore. I didn’t think I could bear hearing that. I knew deep down that I didn’t deserve a second chance since I lied to her about who I was, but I prayed she had it in her heart to forgive me.
She pulled away first. She swiped under her eyes and I knew what was coming next, and I felt horrible for being the cause of those tears. “What, Grace? What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know if I can do this, Dane? You hurt me,” she whispered.
“I know, but I came here to tell you something real important. And I know I should’ve told you weeks ago, but I didn’t for fear it would only upset you more.” I sat on the edge of the bed, while Ashton scooted over to give me space.
“Hell, I knew it that first night in the back of my truck. If I could kick my own ass I would for not telling you sooner.” I swallowed, so nervous at what she’d say, or would do when she heard those three little words. Words I’ve haven’t uttered to another woman in years. I knew now what true love was, and I had never even touched the tip of the iceberg before I met her.
 “I love you, Grace.”
Tears streamed down her face, and were only noticeable because of the moonlight-streaming in. “What did you say?” She asked so softly I almost couldn’t quite hear her.
“I know I can make you happy, Grace. I may not have the money, the big house with a pool in the yard, but what I do have is a really big heart and I swear to you it’s all yours, Grace. We’d have a good life. It won’t be perfect; hell, I know this. We’ll fight like hell once in a while, but I promise you, I’d never let you go to bed mad at me, and I’d never ever let you feel less than the beautiful woman you are to me. If you can just…”
“Woody?”
“Yeah?”
“Are you gonna kiss me again, or what?”
My heart stopped racing, my head felt quiet again and unable to hide my joy I gave her what we both wanted. I kissed her with everything that I had.
CHAPTER 45
ASHTON
I reached up to touch his face, tracing his scar in the darkness. Nothing could prepare me for the emotions that rolled through me. It was as if my heart split wide open and Dane flooded it with his words and then put it back together. People say all the time that when you find the person you’re meant to be with, you know right away, like there’s an instant connection. I felt that the first night under the stars with him. I knew he was the man I was supposed to be with.
Dane growled and rolled on top of me. My stomach was pressed up against his perfect rock hard abs, his erection digging into my thigh. I pulled him down and captured his mouth with mine. I closed my eyes trying to savor the moment as Dane’s hands explored my body, never taking his mouth off mine.
Then slowly, ever so slowly his mouth traveled south until his tongue ran over the silk of my nightie covering my breasts, causing me to moan loudly. Dane groaned a sound of pleasure and moved his body until it was covering mine.
He kissed my mouth, my nose, my eyelids, my chin, and then my mouth again. I parted my legs slightly wanting him inside of me. “Make love to me, Dane,” I begged not wanting any more foreplay. I needed him to be as close as possible to me-now. 
He graced me with a quick kiss on the chin, his finger running down the sides of my stomach, lifting up my nightie, pulling my panties down and off. 
“Marry me, Grace,” he whispered.
My eyes flew open and I sat up. “What?” I froze unsure if I heard him correctly, or if it was all my crazy imagination.
His head dipped south again, raining sweet kisses up and down my stomach. I yanked on his hair a little, still waiting to hear if I heard him right. “Did you just ask me what I think you did?”
He grinned, wickedly. “I love you, Grace. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
My hand flew to my mouth. “Oh my God, Woody!” My entire body started to tremble, tears rained down on my cheeks. 
“I thought I asked before with that whole speech but, I guess I wasn’t clear. Baby… Marry me?”
I couldn’t speak. Hell, I wasn’t even sure if I was awake and this was all some big trick on my mind that would I regret waking up from.
I nodded just in case, but managed to squeak out my answer “Yes.”
Woody captured my mouth with his passionately, and then he was inside of me. I wrapped my legs around his waist wanting all of him. Woody pushed harder, quickening the pace until we were both panting hard. He stiffened a moment later, and I felt the warmth of his release inside of me. Unable to hold on anymore, I screamed out his name and I let go with him.
I was still wrapped around Woody even as the clock read 2:25 in the morning. Neither one of us could sleep. We kept talking about where we wanted to get married, and where we would live, and honeymoons and babies. I was never so happy in my whole life. It was the most intense and terrifying feeling that I’d ever experienced.
Woody was running little circles on my belly button when he lifted his head off my chest. “Your father’s looking for you.”
“Let him keep looking. I don’t care anymore.” Deep down I did, but I was not going to let him take Dane away from me again. I’d die before I let that happen.
“Ashton.”
I kissed the top of his head. “Call me Grace. I love that you are the only one that does.”
“Okay, Darlin’.” He picked my hand up in his and kissed my knuckles. “You need to know it won’t be long before he figures out that you and Lu are holed up here. He told me he called some of the neighbors, but no one answered. It’s only a matter of time, Grace.”
“By the way, how did you know I was here? I never told you about this place.”
Woody sighed deeply. “I never took off the tracking device on your cell. I always know where you are, baby.”
I flicked his forehead. “I should be mad at you, but I can’t seem to muster up any hard feelings for you. Consider yourself forgiven.”
Woody propped himself up on his elbow. “Are you sure you can’t find some?”
“Why?” I asked, confused.
“Because, baby I have a feeling I’m going to like make-up sex with you.”
I chuckled. “I don’t need to pick a fight in order to blow your mind, Dane Woods.”
“No?” he questioned, smiling widely.
I yanked him up under his arm. “C’mere and I’ll show you how much fun I can be.”
CHAPTER 46
DANE
Ashton and I had been outside drinking coffee on the deck that overlooked the ocean since we’d gotten up this morning. She had her back pressed up against my stomach as we sat on the lounge chair together. She tried to lie down on the lounge next to me, but I wasn’t having any of that. She was mine now and I didn’t want any distance between us. We wasted too many weeks apart, when everyone else was winning but us.
There was something so peaceful about listening to the sound of the waves crashing onto the shore holding onto Grace. She’d said yes to my proposal without a shadow of a doubt last night, but I knew we had a few things to clear up before I got my hopes up too high. Because I’d like nothing more than seeing that beautiful face rocking on my mama’s porch swing every night waiting for me to come home.
And then Lu walked out, interrupting me from dredging up the inevitable: her father’s lack of approval, my family’s land, and one asshole named Trevor.
“Well, Ash, I guess we don’t need my plan to get him back after all,” Lu said, smiling to Ashton and then she turned to me. “It’s about time you got here. I was about ready to come kick your ass.”
She winked at Ashton. “My coffee and I are taking a long, long walk on the beach.” She bent down, whispered in Ashton’s ear, and then sauntered toward the staircase. “See you two later,” she shouted.
I placed my cup on the side table, pulled Grace into my chest, and rested my chin on her shoulder. “What plan was she talking about?”
Grace laughed. “Lu wanted me to come home, and get you drunk and have sex with you.”
“Baby, I thought girls talked about this shit. You never told her?”
She shook her head. “No, Dane, you don’t get it. She wanted me to try and trap you by getting pregnant.”
Shocked, I pulled back and asked. “Would you have done that to me?”
She turned her head to look at me. “Of course not. I told her no.” She grabbed my arms, tightened them around her waist, and settled in closer. 
“How about we get to know each other for a little while before we start talking babies.”
“But, Woody, I want babies. I do.”
“Darlin’, I want to marry you, and love you for a good bit of time before I even think of sharing you.”
“But…” 
I kissed her neck, cutting her off. “Don’t worry that pretty head of yours, all right? I want kids, lots of ‘em, Grace. I want the farm to be full of little girls that look just like you.”
Grace got real quiet, and I could tell she was thinking. “My daddy would never, ever turn away his grandchild. It might be the only way he’ll give us his blessing,” she admitted and I could hear the tension in her voice as she tried not to get emotional.
“Do you really need his approval, baby?”
She turned until she was sitting up on her knees. “I really want him to walk me down the aisle, Dane. I’ve always pictured him giving me away, you know?”
I nodded. 
“But, Woody if he says no I’m prepared to walk away because I love you so much, and I want to be with you out in the open, not hiding from him or anyone else. I want to be your wife so badly I can’t even breathe when I think it might not happen.” She buried her head into my chest, sobbing.
I smoothed her hair down with a few gentle strokes trying to calm her down. “Look at me, baby,” I asked, but she just shook her head again. I lifted her chin up, waiting for her to gather herself. “I’ll get him to walk you down that aisle if that’s what you want. And baby, I promise it’ll be me waiting at the other end, okay?”
She nodded as tears spilled down her face. 
“Grace, I promise you this will all work out.”
My plan had to work. I knew Jason was going to get the dirt on Winslow since we had a lead, and as much as I hated to use it against him, I was prepared to fight to the death if it meant keeping Grace.
Part of me wanted to tell her and part of me didn’t, but the last thing I wanted was to keep secrets from her that could hurt me in the end. I just hoped she was strong enough to hear everything on Monday morning in Jason’s office. 
“I want you to come home with me on Sunday night. We’ll stay at my place, and then I need you to come with me to work on Monday.”
“Okay, but why?”
I swallowed hard, sending a quick prayer to the big man upstairs that she wouldn’t fly off the handle. “I might have something on your father that’ll get him to hand over the deed and hand you over to me.”
A suspicious expression crossed her face. “What do you mean?”
“I don’t want to say anything’s firm yet, but Jason found out your father is having an affair with an aid in his office.”
It was as if a light bulb went off after I said it. “Oh my God, that explains it.”
“Explains what?”
“The night I found out about everything. I went to confront him and he wasn’t home and it was really late. I was wondering if he was seeing someone.” She paused, tapping her chin with her finger. “What’s the big deal about that?”
“Baby, that big deal is only twenty years old. She’s legal, but well, it doesn’t bode well for someone who wants to climb that political ladder.”
“So, you’re saying you want to blackmail him to marry me?”
“Only if you want me to. You just say the word and I won’t. We’ll figure something else out.” I cupped her face and pulled her mouth down on mine. I kissed her softly trying to stop her from thinking too much about what I just told her.
She pulled back. “I’ll go with you and I’ll even go to work with you on Monday to find out about him, but I want to take care of everything else, okay?”
I grimaced. “Are you sure?”
“It’s my father. I’ll deal with him.”
“But, baby what about the wedding? What if he says no?”
“Well, then I’ll have one of your brother’s do the honor. But make no mistake, when we get back my first stop after visiting Jason, is to Trevor to give him his ring back, and then to my Daddy.”
“I’m going with you to Trevor’s,” I demanded.
She tilted her head, studying me. “Fine, but only Trevor. I’m visiting Daddy on my own.”
“Deal! Now kiss me,” I said, smiling.
CHAPTER 47
ASHTON
Lu and I had followed Dane back since he refused to let me ride on the bike with him since he didn’t have an extra helmet. I didn’t complain because he looked good straddling that thing the whole way home.
The best part about that two-hour ride was Charlie calling Lu on her cell and making plans to go on a date when we got back. I was losing one of my favorite sweaters in the process, but I didn’t care about losing the bet. I’d give her every sweater in my closet if she would settle down with one good man for a stretch of time.
Dane’s farmhouse smelled like a warm day of sunshine when we stepped inside. His mama was cooking dinner on the stove and the aroma of garlic and Sunday sauce filtered through the air.
She turned and saw me, and a big smile spread across her face. “Ashton it is so wonderful to see you here again.” She pulled me into a gentle hug that squeezed at my heartstrings. 
“Mama, Grace will be staying with me tonight. I hope you don’t mind.”
She turned from my embrace and looked between the both of us. “Nonsense, I’ll go throw fresh sheets on the bed in the spare room.”
She started to hurry away and Dane just stood there shaking his head, smiling. “Mama, stop!” He yelled out before she hit the staircase.
“Mama, Grace is not sleeping here. She’s sleeping in the barn with me.”
Mrs. Woods shook her head. “Honey, I know why you want her to, trust me. I’m not stupid, but it wouldn’t be proper.”
Woody came to me and pulled me to his side. “I asked her to marry me and she said yes, and let’s not forget the fact that I’m twenty-eight damn years old. So, proper or not, Grace is sleeping in my bed with me tonight. Conversation over.”
Mrs. Woods gasped so loud that it made me nervous. She was in front of us in less time than I thought possible. “Let me see your ring,” she said to me, but then turned to Dane. “You did get her a ring?”
I gulped as Dane shook his head. “I didn’t have time. We’ll go get one tomorrow when the stores open.”
An hour later, Jason, Amy, Jonah, and Josh had joined us for Sunday dinner. We were just finishing up eating and talking about our wedding when Mrs. Woods approached the side of my chair. “Honey, if you’d like you could wear my engagement ring from Dane’s daddy until you find one of your own.” She placed a small black box in front of me, tears falling down her face. “I’d love nothing more if you’d wear it for now.”
Dane kissed her cheek. “Mama, that’s a beautiful gesture. Are you sure you want to part with it?”
She waved him off. “Oh, hush! It’s not forever. You take your time and get the ring you want, honey,” she kissed my cheek, just as Woody took out the small band with a little diamond in the center. 
“It’s beautiful, Mrs. Woods. I promise I’ll give it back to you, but it would be a good thing to have when I face Daddy tomorrow.”
Woody turned to me. “Grace, I don’t have a lot of money to buy you a fancy ring, I put most of what I had in Lauren’s trust fund.”
I reached out and ran my hand down his face. “I don’t need a fancy ring, Dane.” I turned to Mrs. Woods. “Could I keep this for a little while, until we figure something out?”
“Of course, honey. It’s all yours.”
I smiled, happily looking down as Dane slipped it on my finger. I was going to be Mrs. Dane Woods and nothing was going to bring me down tonight. 
The next morning, the sound of a rooster letting us know the sun had risen, woke me. I smiled into my pillow, loving how cozy and warm, and how comfortable I felt here. Dane had his arm draped over my back and his leg twisted around mine. I nudged him with my elbow. “Dane, are you awake?”
“Nope,” he answered.
I rolled over until I was on top of him. “You awake now?” I grinned.
He growled low in his throat, his eye still closed. I leaned down, letting my hair cascade all around him, and pressed my mouth to his. A second later, he flipped me on my back and pinned my hands behind my head. “You sure you don’t want to get a mint first or something?”
“If you’re going to marry me, well then, you better get used to my morning breath,” I fired back knowing he was teasing me.
He kissed me hard, his tongue demanding immediate entrance. He moaned into the kiss as I wrapped my legs around him. He broke away. “Just for the record, I love your morning breath. You can wake me up anytime you want, especially if every morning starts like this.”
I cupped his face. “We have a big day today, but I think I might have a few minutes to spare to make love to you.”
He held up his index finger. “Just for the record again, I’m never adverse to a quickie in the morning.”
Then because I was head over heels in love, I gave him two quickies.
It was past ten a.m. by the time we got to his office. I had turned my cell off mute and noticed that Daddy and Trevor had flooded my phone with calls all weekend. Amy was at the front desk talking to Jason, so we said hello and walked on through until we sat in Dane’s office. Jason came in a few minutes later.
He dropped a folder on Dane’s desk. “It’s all there. You were right and Josh’s tip paid off.”
Dane opened it up and skimmed the photos. “What are you going to do with them?” Jason asked Dane. 
He stared at Jason for a few heartbeats and then shifted his gaze to me. “I’m going to let Grace decide,” he told Jason. He handed the envelope over to me after stuffing the pictures back inside. “The proof is there, baby, don’t look if you don’t want to.”
I chose not to, but I stuffed the envelope in my handbag. “I’d like to go see him now, and then I’ll call you after I’m finished, and then we’ll go see Trevor,” I said, and then took a deep breath.
He walked around his desk, and kissed my lips. “Okay, baby. I’ll meet up with you wherever, you just call me.”
I drove around for almost an hour trying to get the nerve to face him. Part of me wished I’d had Dane come with me, but I knew this was my battle, not his.
Before I even had my car in park, Daddy was flying down the porch steps. “Where the hell have you been, Ashton Grace Winslow? I thought you were lying dead in a street somewhere,” he yelled. 
I took a few deep breaths, trying to not hyperventilate. I walked the few steps to meet him without looking at him, afraid of seeing his disappointment in me. “Sorry, Daddy. Lu and I went to the beach house for the weekend. I had some thinking to do.”
“I called the beach house and the neighbors. That’s where you’ve been? And let me guess, it was all LuLu’s bright idea?”
I shook my head in protest. “No, Daddy it was mine.”
“I have a very important meeting I need to get to. I’ll be back in a few hours and you better be here.”
“No!” I shouted.
“Excuse me?”
“I came here to tell you something, and you are going to listen to me now?”
He folded his arms across his chest. I looked into his eyes and then looked back down unable to say it while staring at him. “I’m not marrying Trevor.”
He stepped in front of me, lifting my chin. “If you don’t want to marry him, fine. We’ll find someone else. If that’s everything, I need to go.”
He started to walk away and I knew I had to say it now or I might chicken out. “I’m marrying Dane Woods.”
He stopped dead in his tracks without turning around. “What did you just say?”
“I know you heard me, but I’ll say it again. I’m marrying Dane with or without your blessing. I’d really like it, but I don’t need it.”
He turned, and a look of pain, hurt, and rage bubbled out of him. “Well, then you’ll be doing it without my blessing.”
I forced myself to hold back the tears I knew were waiting to come out. “And, I want you to give back the deed. I’ll be living at the Wood’s farm until further notice.”
He laughed, bitterly. “Already he’s changing you.”
I took the envelope from my bag, took out one picture, and held it up. “I’d hate to see these get out, Daddy, but if you don’t hand over the deed, I will make sure every newspaper from here to DC sees them as well.”
“You’re actually going to blackmail your own father? Where did Dane get those pictures?”
I swallowed, trying to hold steady. “I hired someone to get these, not Dane. I knew when I came home one night and you weren’t here. I did this; don’t blame anyone for this other than yourself.”
“God damn you, Ashton. How could you?”
I tsked him and I knew I was pushing it. “Daddy? I said with exasperation in my voice. “What would Reverend Lewis say if he heard you taking the Lord’s name in vain?”
He stood straight and proud all of a sudden, smoothing his suit coat down. “How do I know there are no other pictures?”
“I’ll give them all to you as soon as I see the deed handed over to Catherine.”
He shook his in defeat. “I’ll bring it by the farm tomorrow morning at nine. You better be there.”
“Oh, I will.”
Daddy turned on his heels, got his big old Cadillac, and drove off like a mad man. Once he was out of sight, I broke down, dropping to the ground on my knees finally letting the tears spring free.
CHAPTER 48
DANE
I stared at my phone for two hours making sure she didn’t leave her house. When my phone finally alerted me to her moving, I almost left and followed the signal. I stopped myself when I realized she was coming to me.
I waited impatiently in the foyer, ringing my neck with my hands trying to release some tension. Who knew how her father would react, or if he changed her mind about me? I had a feeling the latter wasn’t true, but still I was wrecked with worry.
Ten minutes of pacing was when she finally burst through the glass doors to the office. Tears rolled down her face, along with her mascara, as she flew into my arms. “I take it, it didn’t go so well?”
She shook her head and cried into my chest. “I can’t believe I thought he’d change for me. What was I thinking?”
I brushed her hair back and behind her ears. “Baby, I just want you to be happy. Whatever it takes, I’ll do it even if it means we wait a while to get him on board before you put that white dress on,” I told her, hoping to stop her from crying and give her some hope.
Amy came around and handed off a tissue, witnessing the whole thing. “I’m sorry, honey,” Amy told her, and then disappeared.
“No, Dane. He’s not winning. I won’t let him. I want to get married on your mama’s farm, on the big back porch overlooking the fields and I want to do it soon before anything else happens.”
I cocked my head. “Like how soon?”
“Do you think we could pull this together before Halloween, before it starts to get a chill in the air?”
I choked on my own spit. “Baby, that’s less than four weeks away.”
“I know that,” she yelled at me as if I was moron for doubting her.
“First thing we need to do is go return that rock to Trevor and then we’ll go visit my church and see about getting the Reverend.”
She nodded and smiled. All her tears disappeared once I agreed to her proposal. Deep down I was happier than a pig in shit knowing that she was going to be my wife in less than a month. But I also wanted to give her the world, so I knew I had to get her old man on board, whether I wanted him there or not. It was just a matter of getting him to finally cave in, at least for one day. 
Before we went to Trevor’s, Amy and Grace called more places than I knew existed to get the ball rolling. I wanted to give her a proper wedding, but I was on a budget for the time being, and Grace was going hog wild with preparations that were scaring the hell out of me. And only an hour had gone by.
“Grace, baby, can I talk to you?”
She looked up from the phone book, happily. “Sure, Dane.”
I held out my hand until she took it. I pulled her into my chest. “I want to give you a big, fancy wedding, but I don’t know if I can swing whatever you’re doing.”
She frowned, but stood up on her tiptoes. “It’s okay, Dane. I’m paying for it.”
“Hell, no you are not,” I bellowed, not able to believe what she just said.
She threw her hands on her hips and got that look on her face. “I have my own money and if I want a seven tiered vanilla cake I’m going to have it, Dane Woods and you are going to let me have it.”
I held up my hand to stop her. She shook me off. “No, you listen to me, Dane. I’ve been planning and imagining my big day for as long as I can remember and your stubborn man pride is not going to ruin it.”
I grinned, loving when she told me off. “C’mere and kiss me.”
She cocked her head. “Can I get what I want without you fighting me every step of the way?”
“I’ll give in to this one thing, since it’s your big day, but, baby, don’t expect to be paying for anything else.” I paused waiting to see her reaction, but she kept a straight face. “Now get over her and stop making me wait for those lips.”
She smiled. “Fine.” And then she kissed me good and long, making me want to take her in my office to live out one of my fantasies. 
Two hours later and we were standing in Trevor’s office waiting for him to come back from a meeting. When he opened the door, he didn’t look surprised, so I assumed his secretary told him we were waiting.
He walked past us. “I already heard the bad news. Excuse me if I don’t pass on my congratulations to y’all.”
Grace stood up and placed the ring on his desk. “Trevor, I am sorry that I did all this. I should never have agreed to marry you. I don’t love you and I know you don’t love me, but the one thing I do know is that I’m going to marry Dane in a few weeks. I hope you understand I couldn’t live the lie I had been. I hope you can forgive me.”
In that one second, I felt bad for the guy. Hurt was written all over his face, but then he fixed it back to his scowl. He laughed. “Ashton, I hope you have a happy life living in squalor because that’s what you have to look forward to marrying him.”
I stood up quickly, slamming my hands on his desk. “Grace is going to live a good life with me you mark my words, Trevor. I love her and I can promise you she’ll never go without, and never, ever be lied to, cheated on, or used as a pawn the way you would have. Now if you’ll excuse us, we have a wedding to plan.”
I grabbed hold of Grace’s hand, and pulled her with me and out the door before he could say anything else.
“Dane,” she whispered once we were in my truck. 
“Yeah, baby,” I asked, turning to look at her.
“Don’t you listen to him, okay? He’s wrong. I love the farm and I can’t wait to live there with you.”
“I’ll see about getting us a place of our own.”
She grabbed my arm. “Don’t you dare. I want to raise our kids there, be a family there. I already talked to your mama about it. She’s tickled pink.”
“You want to live on the farm forever?” I asked skeptically, since part of me always wondered if what I had to offer was good enough.
“Do you love your farm?” She asked.
I shook my head. “This isn’t about me, Grace.”
She smiled widely. “I love the way I feel on the farm, the love, the warmth, just everything about it. Please don’t take that away from me? I’ve never had anything that really felt like home to me. Your mama’s house does.”
I grabbed her and hauled her across the seat. “I love you so much.”
“Good! Now take me home. I have a wedding to plan and I want to call back one of the schools that called me while I was at the beach.
Grace had gotten a call about interviewing for a first grade teaching position about a half hour away. I hated it being so far, but she was over the moon about the possibility. The current teacher was pregnant and had been placed on bed rest, and they were looking for a replacement for the rest of the year.
~~~
Two weeks had gone by and Grace was officially going to become a teacher, starting mid-November. She was gone for the day with Lu shopping for new clothes since teachers apparently need to dress a certain way and she didn’t have a proper thing. I had a hard time believing that, but I let it slide.
Over the last two weeks, my brother’s and I fixed up the barn to make it a larger space to live in. We actually had walls now that separated our room from the rest of the place. We knew we were going to move to the main house within the year, but we wanted our privacy to start with and then we’d take over my old room.
My nerves were rattling around inside of me as I pulled up the long driveway. Grace hadn’t heard nor seen her father since her big announcement and since the wedding was coming up quickly, I knew I needed to step in.
My mama got her land back signed under her name when Winslow sent over his right hand man from his office. Once we went over it, we handed over the envelope and never heard a word from Bill. It was time to end that. Grace put on a real good show that she wasn’t bothered by his lack of support, but I knew better. 
My knuckles rapped on his front door, loudly. It took him a few minutes, but he answered. “It’s not a good time, Son.”
“I just need a minute, Sir. It’s about Gra-I mean Ashton.”
He opened the door wide for me to step inside. “Say your peace and go.”
“We’re getting married the Saturday from next and Ashton really wants you to walk her down the aisle. I know you don’t like me, and I’ll be honest, I have no idea why. I’m a good man. I think I’ve proven myself to be a damn good citizen, and most importantly, I love her with all my heart and I will until they put me in the cold hard ground.”
“I’ll think about it,” he answered, still holding the door open.
“That’s it?” I said, pissed off that he could just blow her off like that. “She doesn’t deserve this and you know it. She’s been an amazing daughter her whole life, can’t you see to it that she gets one thing done right by you?”
A creak from another room stopped me. I turned to the noise and my mouth dropped open. “Mama what are you doing here?”
“I had Amy drop me by. I wanted to talk to Bill alone about Grace.”
“Why? Mama I have this,” I yelled frustrated.
She stepped up to me, quickly kissing my cheek and then walked to Bill. “Bill, do yourself a favor, don’t be a jackass your whole life. Do this for Ashton, regardless of how you feel about me, or my boys. Do it for her.” Then she walked out, hopped in my truck. I guess I was giving her a ride home.
I walked over to the door. “Sir, please come? It’ll make everything perfect for her.” 
I took my very quiet mama home a moment later. I couldn’t believe she was there, but it proved one thing to me that I already knew. She loved my Grace.
CHAPTER 49
ASHTON
I slept like a baby in Woody’s old boyhood bed last night. He was not too happy with me when I left his side after we made love, but I insisted since we were getting married the next day. 
Amy, Catherine, and Lu were all dressed in a beautiful shade of lavender as they helped me get ready. Lu and I found the most beautiful dress one afternoon at this little boutique almost an hour away. It was perfect the way it hugged my figure, and accentuated Dane’s favorite part of my body. I just hoped the Reverend didn’t mind getting a full view of my cleavage as he read the sermon.
The windows were open and I could hear the sound of the violin playing outside and the voices of people in the backyard. I was putting the final touches on my make-up when the room went suddenly quiet. “What’s wrong? Is it my dress?” I whipped around, spinning, looking for a tear, or make-up on the backside of my dress when I spotted him.
“Dane… Get out,” I screamed. “It’s bad luck.” I ran behind Mrs. Woods curtains. 
He held out his hand. “Come here, I got a surprise for you.” 
I shook my head like a crazy woman. “No. Dane. Give it to me after the wedding,” I yelled out. “Mrs. Woods can you please get your son out of this room.”
Lu threw her hand to her mouth. “Oh, shit,” she cried.
My Daddy walked in a second later. “Sugarplum.” He smiled.
I froze for a heartbeat, but then ran to him with open arms forgetting about everyone else. “Daddy, you’re here.”
He held on to me tightly. “I couldn’t miss seeing you get married. Dane came by and I realized what I’d be missing. If you’d still have me, I’d love to walk you down the aisle.”
I nodded into his chest. Tears flooded my face and I knew I ruined my makeup. “Oh, shoot, Dane.” I pulled away. Dane had his back to us. “I would love it, Daddy.” I stepped out of his embrace and walked until I was standing behind Dane. I leaned over his shoulder. “Don’t turn around, okay. I just wanted to kiss you and tell you that I love you for doing this for me.” I kissed his cheek. Dane never turned around, but I could tell he was smiling. 
“Oh, and, um, I’m going to need to fix my make-up, so tell everyone I’m running late.”
“But it’s worth it, right?” Dane asked.
“It is.”
Dane left and headed outside to wait for me at the end of aisle as I finished getting ready.
Daddy held out his arm for me to take just as the music cued for my entrance. I always thought I’d be nervous walking down the aisle, with all those eyes on me, but I wasn’t. Dane was at the other end waiting on me. His smile never left his face and his eyes stayed fixed on me as I made my way toward him. 
He looked exactly how I was feeling. I felt so much love and happiness that nothing could take this moment away from me. 
The Reverend started the sermon after Dane told me how beautiful I looked. We had just gotten through the vows when we were asked for the rings. I hadn’t seen what he had gotten me and I was so excited to put it on my left hand. I didn’t care if it was a plastic ring out of a cereal box.
Dane took my hand in his. “Baby, I have something special for you. I hope you don’t mind, but your father wanted you to have it.” Dane slipped the most beautiful ring on my finger that I instantly recognized as my mother’s ring. It had been in his jewelry box since the day she died. 
My hand was shaking; heck, my whole body was shaking as Dane placed it on. I swore I was done crying, but they weren’t listening, because tears streamed down my face.
“Hell, here she goes again.” Lu laughed from behind me.
Dane swiped them away just as it was time for me to place a ring on his finger. Once I did, the Reverend didn’t even have a chance to declare us married, before Dane picked me up and kissed me.
EPILOGUE:
THANKSGIVING DAY
“Dane, hurry up. Everyone should be here in a few minutes,” I yelled upstairs for Dane to finish bathing our two daughters, Annabelle and Lily. We’d barely been married a full year when I discovered that I was pregnant with Annabelle. 
I planned on keeping my teaching job and Catherine was going to sit for Annabelle during the day, but at my six-week check-up, I was told that I was carrying another baby. The first thing I wanted to do was run home to kill Dane. I told him that we weren’t supposed to be having sex, but he wouldn’t listen. Although, I didn’t put up too much of a fight. The second, I knew I couldn’t go back to work. I couldn’t leave two babies for Catherine to take care of. I called and gave them the news that I wasn’t able to come back once my maternity leave was up. Besides, I hated the idea of not being there for every little laugh, gas bubble, or step that they would be taking. I wanted to be home for my babies.
So, now we have two beautiful little girls who Dane has so high up on a pedestal that I feel bad for whoever wants to date or marry them someday. Because I sincerely believe that he thinks that there is no man out there that will ever measure up to his little princesses. He even once told me he finally understood my daddy wanting to keep him away from me.
Lu walked in the backdoor with Charlie, and Cole, her belly round with her second baby. She finally gave in to Charlie at my wedding since I invited him and she really wanted that cashmere sweater I promised her. At first, she fought it, but Charlie must have been real convincing since they’ve been married for almost three years now. She finally relented after getting pregnant the second time.
Lu had gotten pregnant at a low point in her life. Her mama had up and left town without even saying goodbye to Lu or anyone for that matter. One day, she went over to check on her mama and the trailer she lived in was gone—not even in the lot, just a big empty space. Needless to say, Lu was sad and had forgotten all about her birth control pills for a few days while she was on a so-called ‘break’ from Charlie back when they were dating. 
Only Charlie had squirmed his way into her arms on one of those nights while we were out having some good old girl fun at a local bar. I should’ve known when Dane came to pick me up with that big grin on his face that it was all planned. After a several shots and a couple round of beers, she wouldn’t stay mad at Charlie. She was fighting with him because he was getting serious, and she was still swearing up and down that she wasn’t the marrying type. Well, it turned out she was and she was a great mother to Cole and a wonderful wife to Charlie.
“Look at you,” I remarked with a smile, rubbing her stomach. “Hey there, kiddo,” I said to her belly. Then I turned to Cole clinging to her hand like a true mama’s boy. “Hey, honey, Annabelle should be down in a minute to play, okay?”
He shook his head, smiling. Cole and Annabelle formed a wonderful friendship since Lu and I hung out all the time. A friendship that Dane insisted I keep in check, constantly telling me, “someday that boy is gonna get his hormones kicking in full gear, Grace, and it will not be with my baby girl.” Lu and I of course thought it would be the best thing in the world, but we didn’t tell him that.
Charlie stepped over and kissed my cheek. “How are you feeling, Ashton?”
I rubbed my own belly. “Never better.”
Dane and I had been married for six years and I was pregnant with my third child. Lu laughed. “What’s so funny?” I asked.
She shrugged. “I just think it’s funny that we pegged Trevor as the one who was going to have you knocked up and cooking in the kitchen all the time. It turns out it was Dane all along who wanted that.”
“I don’t like to hear that man’s name in my house, Lu,” Dane bellowed as he came in grinning. Both girls were wrapped around him like he was a big old tree and they were koala bears. They both squealed loudly when they were placed down. Annabelle ran to Lu. “Aunt, LuLu you’re here.” She jumped into her arms, Lu sweeping her up. 
“I am, sugar. Uncle Charlie has something for you.” She placed her back down, and Charlie pulled out a lollipop. Annabelle grinned widely, and then looked back at me for approval. I nodded for her to take it. Then just like that, Cole had one and they both ran out onto the front porch to enjoy their treat.
“What about you, Lily?” Lu asked. “We have something for you too.”
Lily was still clinging to Dane’s leg from when he set her down. She shook her head, and her brown curls bounced all around her little angel face. She lifted up her arms for Dane to pick her up. Of course, he did. He never could resist the demands of his little girls.
“What’s this I hear about Trevor?” Dane asked.
“She was just teasing me,” I told him as I took Lily out of his arms. “Baby, c’mon, Aunt LuLu has a present for you.”
Lily finally let go of me once she saw the little brown pony stuffed animal come from Charlie’s coat pocket.
Dane strolled over to me and did what he always did when he hadn’t seen more for more than half an hour; he’d kissed my belly. “How’s my little guy doing in there?”
I ran my hand through his hair even though he wore it military style these days. “AJ is doing fine,” I assured him.
We had found out last month that we were having a baby boy and from the way that Dane looked at me, I knew what he wanted. I could still remember his eyes glassing over as the doctor walked out to give us a minute. He loved his girls more than anything, but I knew he wanted a little boy so bad to name after AJ. We had spoken about it with the other two pregnancies, but they were both girls. 
“I know it’s a lot to ask, baby but I was hoping we could name him after AJ.”
So we already had him named before he would even see his first light. We would have a son name Andrew James Woods in the next five months.
Within the next hour, the whole house was full of our family. All the boys were inside watching football, while the girls, Cole, and I waited outside for their granddaddy. 
Lu, Amy, and Catherine were seeing to the turkey and the fixings, while I rocked my babies and Cole on the front porch swing reading them their favorite book.
Daddy was a state Senator now and had remarried. She was lovely. Her name was Bernadette, a widow, and the newest member to our family. We all loved her. The kids more than anyone since Bernie spoiled them rotten, along with Daddy not doing too bad on his own. 
Daddy and Bernie pulled up in his big Cadillac truck, honking the whole way up the drive just as we finished the book. The girls leaped off the swing to meet him out front, but Cole hung back with me. He had told them he was bringing an early Christmas present for them and they were itching to see what it was.
Bernie hopped down first, swooping both of my girls into her arms. “My, babies! Oh, look how much you’ve grown.” Annabelle twirled around to show off her dress that her Uncle Josh had bought her when he took her shopping last week. 
I stood on the front porch waiting on him to get out and say hello to Lily and Annabelle first. Dane stepped out a few seconds later, handing me a cup of tea. “Hey, baby what did he bring them this time?” He kissed the side of my head as he pulled me to his side.
“I don’t know. He hasn’t gotten out yet.” We both watched and then jumped when we heard Annabelle scream so loud it pierced straight through my ears. Dane left my side and was down by her side in a flash. “What’s wrong, baby girl?”
And that was when we saw why she screamed. Daddy had come around the side of his truck, a small puppy on a leash walking behind him. Annabelle pointed her little finger. “A doggie, Daddy. Look, Granddaddy got me a doggie.”
I walked down to meet my daddy. “Hey, Sugarplum, how’s that grandson of mine doing?”
I stepped up and kissed his cheek. “He’s good, Daddy. A puppy?” I questioned, trying to figure out why he didn’t run it by us first.
He smiled, but squatted down to scoop up Annabelle. “This little kitten here told me she missed Nash and wanted a new one to sleep with at night to scare the monsters away.”
Sadly, we lost Nash last year to cancer. Lily and Annabelle were so attached to that dog that we were afraid to go out and get a new one, but Daddy went ahead and did it anyway. Seeing the smile on my girl’s faces was the only reassurance I needed to know they were okay with a new puppy.
“What should we name it?”
Lily sat on the ground and the little puppy circled around her until she found her lap a nice place to rest. Dane sat down next to her. “Let me see the puppy for a minute, baby?” He picked it up, turned it over, and looked at Lily and then Annabelle. “It’s a little girl, so you two come up with a pretty name for her.”
They both smiled and started shouting out ideas. 
Dane stood up and shook Daddy’s hand. “Happy Thanksgiving, Bill.”
Daddy pulled him into a big hug. “Call me Dad. I’d like that a lot.”
Dane pulled away and I could tell he was taken back a little, but I wasn’t. Dane and Jason’s company was doing so well that they hired Josh and two other employees to help with the caseloads that were coming in. 
And once Annabelle was born, Daddy couldn’t stay away. Of course, he was busy a lot, but he always tried to see them at least once a month, if not more.
Catherine came out of the door, wiping her hands on her apron. “Dinner’s ready,” she shouted. We all walked up into the house, a house that I shared with my beautiful family. Annabelle was carrying our brand new puppy in her arms and showing her off to Cole, calling the puppy, Snickers. So, I guess it had a name now.
Dane pulled me back, letting everyone weave through to get inside. 
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“I haven’t had a proper kiss today.” He pulled me into his arms, draping his arms around my back.
“I’m pretty sure I gave you a very proper kiss this morning when we made love.”
He looked over my shoulder and grinned. “I think I left something in the barn; come and help me get it?”
I rubbed my belly feeling little AJ kick. I placed his hands on top as quick as I could. “I swear that’s the greatest, coolest feeling ever,” he murmured into my ear, kissing and biting down on it softly.
He pulled my hand leading me toward the barn. “Dane, we can’t. Everybody is inside waiting on you to carve the turkey.”
He grinned real wide and mischievously. “One quickie that’s all I’m asking for.” He ran his mouth down the side of my neck, raining kisses on every spot. “C’mon, baby, say yes.”
Lu stuck her head out the door. “Dinner is getting cold. You two coming inside or what?”
I looked at Dane who still hadn’t taken his eyes off of me yet. I smiled back at Lu. “We’ll be in five minutes, okay?”
She shook her head, laughing. “Jesus, no wonder you have so many babies.”
I turned to Dane. “You have five minutes.”
He held my hand, pulling me inside the barn, our old room that Dane insisted on keeping. “I might need more than five minutes to show you how much I love you.”
I pecked his lips quickly. “All right, I’ll give you ten.”
And then I gave him twenty since his kisses did something to me.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
First and foremost, I would like to thank all the readers that give my books a chance. Without you all it wouldn’t be possible to keep on going. So, from the bottom of my heart-thank you! Be on the look out for Cole and Annabelle’s story next year.
Second, as always I would like to thank my kids and husband for putting up with me saying “hold on a second” a thousand times a day as I jot something down. Not to mention, the countless pizzas and macaroni and cheese dinners I feed them while writing.
To all my Beta’ girls who took the time out their life to read my baby. Big hugs and thanks go out to Shelley Cudnik, Jennifer Noe, Lesley Hoffman, Amy Malin Concepcion, Christina Lynn Webster Bise, and to Julie Deaton. I can’t thank all of you enough.  Also, a huge, big, old hug to Kathryn Crane for editing this one for me. It was my first time working with you and it was a pleasure. I know I told you before, but your BETA girl’s rock!!!
Lastly, I’d like to thank Regina Wamba at www.maeidesign.com for her fabulous photography. I wouldn’t trust anyone else to do my covers. You are truly a gifted talent.
