
A MacKinnon Christmas
A Cauley MacKinnon Mystery
by
Kit Frazier



Published by Kit Frazier at Smashwords 
© Kit Frazier 2011 
All right reserved. 
No part of this may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either
products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. 

Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Learn more about the author and her books at www.KitFrazier.com/wordpress


Other books by Kit Frazier:


Scoop



Praise for SCOOP

Mystery Guild Pick of the Month
“I just added new author Kit Frazier to my favorite things about Texas list . . .”
~Laurie R. King, Mystery Guild Book Club


“Cauley MacKinnon is a tough-talking but vulnerable heroine who acts first and asks questions later. This story has all the right ingredients: zany characters, plenty of humor and mayhem surrounded by a mystery that engages from the start.”
~Romantic Times Book Reviews


Dead Copy

Praise for Dead Copy

Barnes & Noble Author of the Month
Dead Copy is written with a light touch, melding several touching scenes with others that include lively banter between Cauley and her friends and enemies. It's a good mystery wrapped around an exciting love story. Or maybe the other way around.
~Mysterious Reviews



Redneckedness
Living With, Loving & Surviving a Redneck

Praise for Redneckedness
So funny I snorted sweet tea in an unbecoming manner
~Maggie Cabot, Lake Country Magazine


For my mother, Betty Frazier. 
Thank you for always believing . . .




Acknowledgments
It may take a village to raise a child, but it takes a some of Suz Brockmann's Swim Buddies to create a book. Much gratitued to my many Swim Buddies—those friends and readers who patiently encouraged me through the dark days, especially Kathy L. Patrick~THE Pulpwood Queen, S.E. Marshall, Darci Maldonado, Cheryl Rae, Jan Yonkin & The Noodle Buddies, Rhonda Smith Crow (hooray for teachers!)Mary Yetta Alexander, all of my writer buds at Austin Romance Writers, and to Katie Graykowki and her Uncle Vernon, who said he would not pass on until I got my next book done. Uncle Vernon, please do not go on my account, the world would be a much less colorful place without you . . .

Other Books By Kit Frazier
Acknowledgments
Chapter One — Cauley's Christmas To Do List: Find the name of the Dead Guy
Chapter Two — Agent Logan returns . . .
Chapter Three — Lunch at the morgue
Chapter Four — Logan to the rescue
Chapter Five — Ethan pitches in
Chapter Six — Cauley meets The Clod
Chapter Seven — Cauley and Mia in the Barrio
Chapter Eight — Logan has a Santa suit?
Chapter Nine — John Doe revealed
Chapter Ten — Mama's Soiree
Chapter Eleven — Mama—the real steel magnolia
Chapter Twelve — Hopefully Ever After
About Kit



Chapter One

Cauley’s Christmas To Do List:
1.  Identify the Dead Guy.

Not the usual intro to a Christmas To Do List. 
Unfortunately, it was not so unusual for me. 
My name is Cauley MacKinnon, and I write obituaries at the Austin Sentinel’s satellite office, nestled in a strip mall on the west end of Austin, between a high end meat market and a bank—red meat and new money—the old Texas Two-step. 
Being assigned to the Dead Beat is the journalistic version of a big lump of coal in your stocking.
In addition to writing dead people, I do research for the News Boys, who work in the shiny downtown building with beautiful corner offices and computers that don’t beg to be put out of their misery when you boot them up.  
Of course, downtown, they probably wouldn’t let my dog, Marlowe, snooze on my shoes beneath my desk, getting his fluffy white hair all over the burgundy industrial-grade carpet.
My desk is located in the first of a warren of cubicles behind a spiffed up little lobby, now manned by a security guard, on account of the big Anthrax scare a decade ago. The newspaper business is slow to change, and that stubborn resistance to change is part of why papers all over the world are folding like fitted motel sheets.
I was busy multi-tasking—what other people might call goofing off—with a split screen on my computer monitor, searching the Missing Persons Data Base while streaming Bogey’s only Christmas movie, We’re no Angels, and trying to swallow the lump in my throat when Bogey and his bad guy buddies pitch in to help a family in trouble. Not noir, my favorite, but the only Bogey Christmas movie I could find. 
The dog under my desk snuffled in his sleep, probably thinking about the ham sandwich the guys in the graphics department gave him that morning.
To be honest, he’s not really my dog—I share custody of the Search and Rescue canine with a certain hot FBI agent who is often Missing in Action.
I glanced up at my journalism degree, which my best friend and the Sentinel’s crack photographer Mia Santiago had festooned with sparkly silver holiday swag.
I sighed. This is so not how I thought my life would be. 
From a nearby copy editor’s desk, Bing Crosby crooned I’ll Be Home For Christmas, and I could hear Mia, who was busy decking the halls and fa-la-la-la-la-ing all over the office like a delightful, though somewhat deranged, Latina elf. 
I felt a headache coming on.
I love Christmas. I really do. But there’s something about the season that cranks my tear ducts into overdrive. Everything sets me off, from the coffee commercial about the soldier coming home, to the sappy songs about being, or not being, home for the holidays. 
Not to mention that my father was shot to death a week before Christmas. 
When I was a little girl, Daddy always told me this was a time for miracles. Since he died, I have never seen tangible evidence of any kind of miracle, real or imagined.
Adding to my Merry Christmas melancholy, this year’s seasonal To Do List was topped with identifying a dead guy. 
Two days to Christmas and I had zero on my own personal list accomplished. My mother's List however, was spilling over the edge of my desk.
I sighed. 
Time to rearrange my own To Do List.
I scratched off The Dead Guy as Number One and started over.
“New Number One: Make Holiday List," which I promptly checked off and felt marginally better.
Okay, so, my list-making skills could use some work. But I like to top my lists with something I know I can actually accomplish.
“Number Two: Look for Christmas cards I purchased for 50-percent off at last year’s post holiday sale.” 
I sighed and scribbled, Give up and buy new cards, vowing to get the cards out before Christmas next year.
Next up,  “Number Three: Avoid repeating mortally embarrassing incident with ex-boyfriend by signing newly purchased Christmas cards while drinking my body weight in Bourbon and Diet Coke.”
Of course, I would also list all the usual activities associated with holiday merriment, like acquire and trim a real tree—not the spindly little tree I usually get, finish purchasing and wrapping presents and prepare for the Pre-Christmas Eve Soiree, otherwise known as the Annual Christmas Eve-Eve MacKinnon Family Feast of Dysfunction.
But the real kicker on my holiday to do list was “Number Four: Make FBI Special Agent Tom Logan fall in love with me  . . .”
That one might actually be attainable, since he was back from fighting bad guys in some undisclosed, I-could-tell-you-but-then-I’d-have-to-kill-you Hell hole, and was due to pick me up for lunch in less than an hour.
In preparation for Number Four on my list, I’d worn my favorite little misdemeanor of a skirt, and a pair of red heels that’d cost a month of my salary. But what’s a month of salary when true love is at stake? 
I glanced over at my reflection in my boss's glass enclosed office. Probably wouldn’t send Kate Hudson into a jealous rage, but at least I’d give her a run for her money.
I was having a lovely little daydream about lunch—and the possibility of dessert—with Agent Logan when my desk phone rang.
“MacKinnon,” I said into the phone, and it came out a bit breathy due to the lingering effects of said daydream.
“That’s not a nice way to answer the phone, Cauley,” my mother scolded. Funny. With her soft, lyrical East Texas drawl, even a scolding came out sweet as molasses.
Then again, in the south, you can say any mean thing you want, so long as you preface it with a little bit of sugar and a big dose of “Bless her heart . . . ” 
For example, so long as a soul is sufficiently blessed, a “bless her heart that woman’s butt is as big as a Butterball Turkey,” is kind, nurturing and almost well-intentioned. The equivalent of giving a girl a Bowflex for her birthday.
I considered giving my mother a blessing or two. But, reason prevailed, and I kept my mouth shut.
Without seeming to notice, my mother said, “I need you to add some things to our list for the soiree.”
Funny how our list always began as my list, but Mama’s additions, notations and numerous addendum made the list eligible for the Library of Congress. 
Not to mention that our list was primarily executed by me. 
Which was fine, because that meant that I'd gotten most of my Christmas shopping done early for a change.
“I need a nutmeg,” Mama said. “And it has to be a nut. That powder stuff doesn’t do the nog justice.”
“Right,” I muttered. “One more nut for the party.”
“Don’t be smart, Cauley,” she said, and I said, “I wouldn’t dare.”
“And don’t forget the bourbon!” Clairee, Mama’s best friend caroled in the background. “We can’t have eggnog without the bourbon.”
A streak of alarm skittered up my spine. 
Mama’s famous Knock You Naked Egg Nog is banned in 48 states and half of eastern Mexico.
“Mama,” I said, “do you have eggs for the nog?”
Through the phone I heard the familiar groan of Mama’s refrigerator door, followed by the crinkling and shuffling of ingredients.
 “Well, no,” she said over the sound of the door snicking shut, “but that’s okay. We’ll just have nog.”
“We are not having just nog,” I said firmly, scribbling eggs onto my mounting list of chores.
And while I was at it, I jotted a case of half-n-half and appetizers to delay the effects of Mama's lethal nog.
And, in the interest of self-preservation, I added, aspirin and a half a pound of Prozac.
Experience has taught me that if Mama and Clairee partook only of nog, before the evening was over somebody would be shouting, “Whiskey for the women and water for the horses!” and someone was going to wind up naked in the rose bushes. 
The dead last way to get Logan to fall in love with me was to have him see one of the ladies from the Charity League naked in the rose bushes.
“And don’t forget we need a turkey leg for Marlowe,” Mama said.
“Turkey leg,” I repeated, which earned me a jostle by the sixty-pound husky-mutt that, until that moment, had been sleeping peacefully beneath my desk.
“Calm down,” I told the dog. “There’s no turkey today.”
The dog eyed me with contempt and resumed his position under my desk, getting his fluffy white fur all over a really great pair of Ferragamos.
I sighed. 
I’m an obituary writer. I was getting used to contempt. 
The second light on my phone console blinked, and I glanced up through the warren of cubicles to see Remie, our big-haired receptionist, one hand on her hip, the other waving a pink phone slip. “Cantu,” she mouthed.
“Mama, I gotta go. I’ll call you before I head over there.”
I switched lines just as she was saying something about inviting Logan.
I wanted to spend time with Logan, but if I was going to make Number Four on My To Do List, he didn’t need to see the MacKinnon brand of fully-costumed, carefully choreographed Christmas crazy.
I switched over to Cantu. “Hey, bud,” I said by way of greeting into the phone.
“Hey yourself, Blondie” Austin Police Detective Jim Cantu said, and I could practically see him, hip leaned on his desk like an Hispanic Marlboro Man. “You got anything on your John Doe?”
“You mean other than his name is probably not John Doe?” I said.
He snorted. “Medical Examiner’s going to open him up in an hour. Wanna come?”
Oh, gee. 
Lunch—and possibly dessert—with Logan or watch the ME slice open a dead guy.
I glanced up at the clock. 
I barely had enough time to finish my personal To Do List, but I was determined to identify my John Doe before Christmas. 
Nobody, not even a dead guy, should be alone at Christmas. 
Not to mention that Logan would be by to pick me up any minute. 
Well, damn. 
Always stuck between duty, a dead guy and sheer, wanton desire.
“Is there any way we can do it later this afternoon?” I hedged.
Cantu was silent for a long moment, and I swear I heard his left eye twitch. “What do you think?” he finally said.
“That you’re doing me a huge favor by letting me tag along and I shouldn’t look a gift reindeer in the mouth.”
Cantu said something, but I didn’t hear him because Marlowe launched himself from beneath my desk like a smart bomb in search of a target. 
Remie made a strangled “gacking” sound in the front office and my breath caught.
FBI Special Agent Tom Logan was in the near vicinity. 
I knew this, not because the dog took off like a guided missile, but because all the air seemed to get sucked out of the office.
“Hey, Partner,” Logan said to the dog in that low, Fort Worth drawl, catching Marlowe as the dog leapt into his arms. 
I sighed. Lucky dog. 
Logan was wearing a black t-shirt with big yellow letters that spelled out “FBI,” and a pair of worn, black jeans that made him look like six-and-a-half feet of walking sin.
Lowering Marlowe to the industrial grade carpet, Logan leveled his dark gaze on me, sending a pleasant little sizzle all through my body.
With the dog trotting behind him, he grinned at me and said, “Wow,” pointedly studying my legs.
Despite the fact that I’d planned that reaction, I blushed what had to be a deep shade of crimson.
Remie, her cheeks the same shade of red as her hair, slid by, rushing to the back of the office, most likely to notify Mia of an interoffice hottie alert.
Watching her, I shook my head. “I told them you were coming,” I said.
Grinning, Logan nodded toward the teetering pile of paper and scattering of Christmas catalogues on my desk. “Having a bad day?” he said, his lop-sided Harrison Ford grin sending a Force Five firestorm over my nerve endings.
I heard an "Ahem," from the phone and realized Cantu was still on the line. “Cauley?” Cantu said. “You okay?”
“Um, yeah,” I said, my gaze locked on Logan’s. “Can you hold on a sec?”
I could hear Cantu grumbling as I hit the mute button. 
Marlowe was dancing around, making an utter fool of himself, but then, Logan had that affect on almost everybody—dogs included.
Tall, dark and bad to the bone, Logan leaned a hip against my cubicle wall and stared at me with those dark eyes that just unstitch me.
“Hey, kid,” he said.
“Um. Hi,” I said and gave myself a mental head thump. 
I hadn’t seen the man in two weeks and the best I could do was Hi?
“Don’t tell me,” he said. “Something came up and you can’t go to lunch.”
I sighed. 
That was a real problem between us. Either he was constantly getting called away, or I was, which made Number Four on my list a little more difficult. 
He leaned down and tucked a stray strand of my hair behind my ear and I nearly melted to the floor.
"What's this?" he said, glancing down at one of the open Christmas catalogues, where I had dog-earred a page with a killer pair of red Nocona boots I’d been lusting after and could never afford, unless I was willing to hack a big dent in my 401k.
I shrugged. "Just dreaming."
"I arrested a hooker wearing boots just like that," he said 
"Really?" I said.
He chuckled. "Cauley, hookers don't wear cowboy boots, and I don't do local arrests."
I turned two more shades of red.
"You ready for lunch?" he said.
I sighed. “No,” I said. “I mean, yes.” 
I blew out a breath. “I gotta go see a dead guy.”
Logan grinned. “Of course you do.” 
Without asking where or why, he gathered my jacket from the back of my chair. “Let’s go.” 
I grabbed up my big purse and my burgeoning To Do List, and we headed for the front office.
Logan ushered me toward the door, the dog prancing behind us.
Hm. Going to the morgue for a lunch date. 
Who says I don’t know how to show a guy a good time?

Chapter Two
“I’m freezing!” I said as the pneumatic glass door swooshed shut behind us.
The sky was a cheerless, low mass of wool-gray clouds, and a northern wind blew cold, promising a coming freeze.
“It’s fifty degrees,” Logan said, but he wrapped my jacket more tightly around me and held me close as we walked down the short walk.
“Yes,” I said, pointedly looking down the short length of my skirt. “But my legs are bare.”
“I noticed,” Logan said and shot me a grin that was positively evil. “Lots of ways to warm up, kid. Wanna skip the morgue?”
I shivered then, and not because I was cold.
“Much as I’d like to, I need to get this done,” I sighed. “I got a John Doe I need to identify, and not a lot of time to do it. I really appreciate you coming along.”
Logan beeped his remote and an enormous red Dodge 4x4 blinked its headlights.
“What happened to your old Bureau car?”
“She took one for the team.”
I stopped in my tracks and he almost bumped into me. I turned to look up at him. “Someone shot your car?”
“No,” he said. “Someone blew it up.”
My heart slammed to a screeching halt. “Logan!” I said on a breath, my gaze searching his body. “Were you hurt?”
“No,” he said, opening the passenger door for me. “But a bad guy thinks I’m dead. That’s why I have to go back to Laredo tonight.”
I felt like I’d been sucker punched.
“To Laredo?” I said, and my voice sounded small in my own ears. “That’s where you’ve been this whole time? The murder capital of Texas?”
“Austin’s rising in the ranks,” he said.
I stared at him.
Somebody bombed his car and somebody or some bodies thought he was dead, and now he was standing in the parking lot of the Sentinel satellite office talking about it like it was no big deal?
And he was leaving tonight. Again.
My breath squeezed in my throat and tears stung the back of my eyes, which made me so mad I wanted to kick him in the leg. 
This was so not the plan to make him fall in love with me.
“Cauley, every city has its problems, even Austin,” he said, but I didn’t look at him.
“Hey,” he said, tipping my chin toward him, his gaze dark and dead serious. “I’m coming back.”
“Hm,” I huffed.
And then he kissed me. 
A soft brush of his lips at the corner of mine, then he covered my mouth, deepening the kiss and my head spun and my knees went weak.
He drew away from me and I blinked, unsteady as I stood in the cold wind.
He grinned down at me, then looked back at the office.
“We’d better go,” he said. “We’re causing a scene.”
I followed his gaze back to the office, where Remie, Mia, Larry the heavy set guard and half the graphics department had their noses pressed to the plate glass window.
Heat flooded my cheeks. “Right,” I said, still reeling from the kiss. 
Marlowe didn’t seem to notice.
He leapt past me through the open truck door, hopped into the back seat, turned twice, then wedged himself in on top of the console between the front seats and looked at me expectantly.
I started to follow, then looked at the height of the truck, then down at my very short skirt and very high heels. 
I turned and looked at Logan. “And how am I supposed to get in without flashing my entire office?”
Logan’s eyes gleamed with dark mischief, and he said, “Hold on to me.” 
He scooped me up off my feet and lifted me into the passenger seat.
And as he closed the door behind me, I heard the entire front office erupt in a fit of hooting and hollering.
Yeah, I thought. But they don’t know he’s leaving and they don’t know some homicidal bad-ass in Laredo thinks he’s dead.
Nevertheless, it was his “Hold on to me,” that I held on to.
#

"You’re awful quiet," Logan said as he drove the big pickup, left-turning out of the Sentinel satellite parking lot and onto Ranch Road 620. 
Marlowe sat between us on the console. The dog gave Logan a lap on the cheek, and then me, and then turned, facing the windshield and sat, grinning his doggie grin, happy as any mammal had a right to be.
I sighed. “Well, let’s see. We’re going to go see a dead guy for lunch and you just told me you’re leaving. Again,” I said.
Logan was quiet, and the dog stared straight through the windshield.
After a long moment, Logan said, “Tell me about the dead guy.”
I nodded, “Right. Subject change.” I said and sighed. “We’re going to go see a John Doe at the morgue.”
“Because you can’t write an obituary about a guy until he has a name?” he said.  “You go to the morgue for every John Doe?”
I shook my head, looking out the side window. “This one’s different.”
Logan waited.
“Cantu called me this morning,” I said, turning in my seat so I could see him past Marlowe. “This guy busted up a convenience store robbery.”
“Cantu catch the call?”
“No. Sometimes he gives me a heads up when stuff goes on that might make a good story.”
“Hm,” Logan said, “he do that often?”
“He’s a very good friend of the family,” I said.
“More friendly to some in the family than others,” Logan said.
“It’s not like that,” I said, even though it kind of was.
“And . . . this guy died like your dad.” He left-turned into Highway 71 lunchtime traffic. 
“You remembered,” I said, a note of surprise in my voice.
“Guy a cop like your dad, too?” He dodged into the left lane to miss chunks of gravel bouncing from the dump truck two cars up.
I shook my head. “The beat cop that caught the call onscene said he thought the guy was a dope dealer.”
“Right,” Logan said straightening the wheel. “A drug dealer who busted up an armed robbery?”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought, too,” I said, staring out the window. “It doesn’t make sense.”
Logan maneuvered back into the right lane, avoiding last-minute Christmas shoppers, tourists and every other person in Central Texas with and, apparently, without, a driver’s license. 
The streetlights were wreathed in shining opal-lit collars that cast soft light on the dismal, December-brown grass in the right-of-ways, and banners stretched over the highway insisting that we Have a Merry Christmas! and Remember the Reason for the Season! Ha. They obviously didn’t get the memo that Logan was leaving again.
"Take an hour to get to the lab, wanna eat on the way?" 
I shook my head. Eat and ralph all over the Morgue floor? Now that would be professional.
Logan took that as a ‘no,’ and headed past the glittering new Hill Country Galleria and the adjacent strip mall with the Lowes and Best Buy and other ubiquitous box stores, along with the requisite McMiddle Class Eateries built smack dab in the heart of where the Bohls Ranch was settled more than a hundred years ago.
Progress.
“Cauley,” Logan said after a long moment. “You ever been to the morgue?”
“I have lunch with Dr. M all the time,” I said.
“You have lunch in the morgue?”
“In the cafeteria,” I said. “And I’ve been back in the lab with Dr. Marshall a bunch of times.”
He looked over at me and smiled, and there was kindness in his dark eyes. “You’ve been in the cafeteria and in the Medical Examiner’s office up front. You been in the back in the actual autopsy rooms?”
I crossed my arms over my chest and narrowed my eyes, staring straight ahead.
“That’s what I thought,” he said.
I was about to say something clever when the theme song from James Bond blasted from inside my big purse.
Logan chuckled and I turned ten shades of red, scrambling through various purse-type flotsam in search of my phone.
“Missed me, huh?” he said.
I started to make up some big fib about Mia changing my ring tone, but decided lying to a fed was not the best way to make it to the top of Santa’s Good Girl List, and certainly wouldn’t get me any closer to #4 on my own To Do List.
I wrinkled my nose at him, but the sound of his laughter, low and deep, took the sharpest edge off my unease.
I juggled the phone out and clicked the on button, and heard Mama’s voice calling, “Cauley? Cauley! Is that you? Who is that laughing? Is that your Agent Logan?”
I was about to say, “No,” and “He’s not my agent,” when Logan shouted, “Hello, Mizz MacKinnon! How can we help you?”
“Shh,” I hushed him, turning my shoulder away, trying to shield him from my mother as Marlowe yipped in delight at the sound of Mama’s voice, no doubt visions of holiday ham sandwiches dancing in his furry head.
“Agent Logan!” Mama cried, her voice trilled in delight.
“Merry Christmas, Miss Lily,” Logan called over the dog’s head toward the phone, and I glared at him.
“Oh, Agent Logan!” Mama caroled, “Cauley, put me on speaker phone.”
“Absolutely not,” I said, and Logan said, “That’s okay. I can hear you just fine from here, Mizz MacKinnon.”
“Oh, good!” Mama shouted, nearly poking a hole in my ear drum. “Cauley, you need to ask your agent to come over this evening for the Soiree!”
“Mama,” I growled. “He’s busy and he’s leaving tonight anyway.”
“Not until midnight, Miss Lily, and thank you, I wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Logan said loudly.
Great. I had roughly 18 hours with Logan before he left. In that time, I had to identify the Dead Guy, finish up my Christmas list, put the finishing touches on Mama’s Soiree, and make Agent Logan fall in love with me. 
I groaned. All I needed was for Logan to see the MacKinnon clan and friends in full holiday regalia.
“Mother,” I snapped. “Did you need something?”
Other than another reason to embarrass me right into my grave?
“Yes,” she said, and to my horror, I heard paper rattling. “I have something to add to our list.”
Logan raised a brow, grinning as he listened.
Mama cleared her throat and said, “I need you to stop by the boys and pick up the rest of our costumes.”
Great. Just drive a big decorative icicle through my heart and end it all.
I rolled my eyes so hard I thought I’d fall over. But I fished the To Do List out of my purse and readied my pen for jotting whatever jolliness my mother had neglected on the first twenty drafts of The List.
“The boys?” Logan said, and Mama said, “Yes! Cauley’s friend Beckett did our costumes this year, and Jenks is finishing up our choreography!”
“I can’t wait,” Logan chuckled. He’d met my neighbors, Beckett and Jenks, who, despite the fact they’d been partners for more than a decade, had a minor crush on Logan.
“Why can’t the boys bring them?” I said.
“They’re here right now, helping finish up the decorations.”
“Aiding and abetting,” I grumbled, fishing a pen and the ever growing list from my purse.
“Are you there, Cauley?” Mama called, and I said shrugging the phone to my ear, pen ready, “Of course I’m here.”
“Get the costumes, and we’re also going to need two dozen pomegranates,” she said.
“Pomegranates,” I repeated, scribbling down the exotic fruit, not even bothering to ask why.
“Just don’t forget the shoes—the costumes won’t be complete without the shoes!” Mama said.
Logan peered over the dog to get a gander at my list. “Costumes and shoes?” Logan said, grinning even wider.
“Don’t encourage her,” I hissed, reaching around the dog to smack him on the leg.
“It’s a big surprise,” Mama sing-songed loudly to Logan. “Even better than last year!”
Great.
“I’m going now, Mama,” I said, clicked off as she shrilled something about song sheets. I threw the phone back into my purse.
Logan was still chuckling. 
“Your Christmas comes with costumes?” he said, eyes sparkling.
“Yes,” I grumbled. “And a chorus line from the ladies of the Charity League.”
Logan burst out laughing, the sound of Fort Worth deep in his voice. 
“You just wait,” I warned. “You’ll never be the same—you’ll be scarred for life—The Charity League’s chorus line has been known to cause irreparable damage to the frontal lobe.”
I closed my eyes. I was drowning in a tinsel-trimmed bucket of my mother’s Christmas cheer.
“Irreparable damage, huh?” Logan chuckled, looking at me over Marlowe’s fuzzy head. He reached around the dog and took my hand.  “For you, kid,” he said, “I’ll take my chances.”

Chapter Three
Logan parked in one of the Cops Only spots in the parking lot in front of the Medical Examiner’s Office, and opened the passenger door for me. Marlowe took the opportunity to use my lap as a springboard.
He bolted across the parking barricade and up to the glass door of the spanking new white lime stone three-story Morgue-a-torium, lit merrily in multicolor blinking lights. Even in death, apparently, Santa Claus is coming to town . . .
I looked down after the dog and was stumped by how to dismount. Jump? Slide?  Stepping down in my skirt could have meant getting arrested in some jurisdictions.  Logan stepped up, and placed his large hands around my waist, and I pushed out as he helped me down.  When I landed his hands slid down over my hips before he stepped back.
“Did your hands just grab my ass?” I asked.
“It was an accident,” he lied and I grinned. His palms were warm and strong and sent a heat wave running up my spine.
Maybe we should skip the morgue . . .
“Thanks,” I muttered, tugging at my skirt. 
This was so not how I’d planned to wow Logan with my feminine wiles.
Already at the front of the building Marlowe capered and woofed as Logan and I headed up the entryway. He opened the glass door for me, and the dog shot off like a bullet aimed at the chest of Detective Jim Cantu, who, at that moment had been talking on his cell phone, taking notes in a small black notebook.
“Marlowe, no!” I hollered, but I was too late.
Had Cantu not been a tallish, wiry, Latino Man of Steel, he might have fallen over backward under the weight and velocity of the dog.
“I’m sorry,” I grumbled, rushing through the entryway to pull the yippety dog off him. 
Wiping dog spit from his face, Cantu grinned at me, and said into his phone, “I gotta go, Babe—I just got attacked by Hurricane Cauley.”
“Hurricane Marlowe,” I corrected, “and tell Arlene I said hello.” 
But he’d already disconnected, and grinned down at me and the dog.
I rose to my tiptoes and kissed his cheek, and as I brushed the dog hair off his shirt, my heart always did the silly little squeeze it did when I saw him, like a good shot of hot apple cider, a byproduct of the crush I’d had on him when he was a beat cop and my dad was a detective. The sharp edges of the crush had softened, but he would always be the first love of my life.
To his left, an enormous artificial Christmas tree twinkled with equally artificial lights, but the jumble of gifts surrounding the tree were very real and held the charm of inexpert volunteer gift wrapping. 
It was festive in a municipal-building sort of way, if you didn’t know there were a couple dozen bodies in various states of decomposition and dissection, stacked in refrigerated drawers at the back of the building.
To my left, a thick-necked uniformed sergeant was scooping gifts into several humongous burlap bags, and to my right, a young, freckle-faced cop manned the front desk.
“How’s Arlene?” I asked Cantu.
“She’s making tamales,” he said, and I said, “Ouch. I’m sorry.”
He shrugged. “It’s the thought that counts.”
“Depends on the thought,” I said, and Cantu grinned.
His grin dissolved and his eyes hardened, and I followed his gaze.
He’d caught sight of Logan, who was standing behind me.
Cantu boosted his chin an inch and squared his shoulders, looping his thumbs in his webbed gun holster.
I took a step back as some powerful, man-thing bounced between them.
Behind me, I felt Logan stiffen, and I briefly thought I should hit the deck in case they started shooting for the hell of it.
Marlowe seemed oblivious, and pranced a circle around us around like a deranged reindeer.
“Thought you were dead,” Cantu said.
“Keeping tabs on me?” Logan said.
Cantu’s black eye narrowed. “We have a common interest.”
Common interest? I ground my back molars. I’m a common interest? 
Tension strangled the air like the Grinch stealing Cindy-Lou Who’s Christmas tree, and my breath caught. 
The cop-kid behind the desk swallowed so hard his Adam’s apple bounced.
“Oh for heaven’s sake,” I grumbled, and stepped forward, grabbed Marlowe by the collar, dragging him away as he danced around Cantu. “We’re here to see the dead guy.” 
The words came out fast and forced.
“Errr, ummm,” the kid at the desk cleared his throat. “Yeah, got an appointment for you right here . . . Obituary Babe to see the Queen of the Dead.”
We all turned and looked at him.
Cantu’s brow cocked. “Dr. M know you call her that?” 
The kid moved his mouth but no words came out.
 “Yeah, that’s what I thought,” Cantu said. “She ready for us?”
“Uh-umm, yeah,” the kid stuttered. “She already started.”
“Take the dog to the cafeteria,” Cantu told the freckle-faced cop. “There’s an empanada in the fridge with his name on it.”
#
“You know you don’t have to do this,” Cantu said as he badged me and Logan through the security door, past the maze of offices where retired detectives, forensic geeks and the rest of the brain-bank of assorted experts searched for the “how” of death, leaving the “why” and “who” to other assorted experts still on the squad.
“I’ve worked at a vet clinic in college,” I said, but my voice was a little shaky. “I assisted on a whole bunch of surgeries. Even did some castrations myself.”
Logan flinched and Cantu chucked. “You used to castrate animals?”
“Mostly animals,” I said. “And who says I’ve stopped?”
Through the large viewing window, I could see Dr. Elizabeth Marshall, small in a sea of blue paper smock, her dark hair cut in a shiny, shoulder length black bob. With her slightly slanted olive-green eyes, she had a faint Egyptian aura.
Queen of the Dead indeed.
She stood at the center of the small, stark room at a stainless steel table, elbow deep in John Doe’s abdomen.
Cantu hit a buzzer beside the door, and Dr. M looked up and saw him through the door and smiled. She nodded for us to suit up in blue surgical scrubs, caps and masks before having her assistant let us in.
He was a tall man with no chin and black eyes, and as I followed Cantu into the room, I jarred to a dead stop. The smell of rubbing alcohol and death was laced with the faint, skunky smell of pot and it hit me like a punch in the gut.
“Thank you, Malcolm,” Dr. M said to her assistant, and she nodded hello to me as Cantu rounded the table to stand by her as she snipped something inside the dead guy.
I shivered.
“There’s Vicks over by the sink,” she said without looking up from her work.
Logan went for the jar of mentholatum and scooped up a big dollop and dabbed it under my mask as Malcolm silently picked up a camcorder and continued recording the autopsy where he’d left off.
“And you must be Agent Logan.” Dr. M did look up then, and her green eyes sparkled, her mask down around her neck so she could read the odors of the body. “I’ve heard about you.”
“I deny all charges,” Logan said, a smile in his voice.
“Well that’s a shame,” she said, grinning. “I had such high hopes for our Cauley.”
They chatted like they were standing around an office water cooler, like there wasn’t a dead guy on a table between them, a blue surgical towel over his face, his ribcage cranked open revealing an empty cavity where his heart and lungs had been.
“You okay?” Logan said and I shook my head.
He took my elbow and guided me gently to stand next to Dr. M and Cantu near a chest-high stainless steel tray that held scissors, clamps, scalpels and a small digital scale.
I stared at the body, wondering who he was, how his family was going to go on without him and what led him to wind up naked, cut to pieces on an autopsy table.
His skin was waxy and pale in death, and on his left arm was some sort of tribal tattoo circling his bicep, with a strange looking shield with two lightning strikes running horizontally parallel. A sword with a snake making an “S” around it was inked into the middle of the shield.
“I’ve seen that tattoo, or something like it,” I said, looking more closely and trying not to gag at the smell of dead flesh and Vap-o-Rub.
The ink in the middle of the tattoo was much darker, like it was fairly recent. The inside was faded with a small circles, and the outer edges were sharp and dark. I frowned. “Is that a tattoo over a tattoo?”
Logan leaned in to look. 
“Good eye,” Dr. M said. “We ran an ultraviolet but couldn’t make it out. I sent a shot of it up to the lab folks to take a look. You a tattoo expert now?”
I shook my head. “I know a girl who’s having some removed and redone,” I said, thinking of Faith Puckett, the songstress who’d been through hell and back and was trying to reclaim her life. And her skin.
Logan smiled. “How’s Faith doing?”
“You’ll find out, she’s coming to the Soiree,” I said.
Cantu was still looking at the tattoo. “If this is gang affiliated, it’s new to the area. I’ll send it over to Soliz in the gang unit and see what they say.”
He turned to Dr. M. “We got an ID yet?” 
Dr. M shook her head. “Running his prints through DPS as we speak. We can’t find him there, we’ll go federal.”
“We got a partial on the license plate the shooter was driving,” Cantu said. “We’re running that down, too.”
Dr. M sighed. “He’s just a kid. Can’t be more than late twenties.”
I swallowed. About my age. 
And about the age my dad died.
A wave of nausea and nostalgia nearly buckled my knees.
“Tox screen?” Cantu asked.
“Preliminary says clean—we won’t get the details on synthetic drugs for a couple of hours,” she said. “They’re working on his clothes in the lab.”
“What about the clerk,” I said. “Did she know anything about our guy’s identity?”
“She’s MIA,” Cantu said. “My guess is she either here illegally from across the border, or she’s scared or both.”
I watched as Dr. M lifted the dead guy’s liver from just below where his right lung had been. “Healthy, pink liver,” she said, placing it in on the small scale. “Nice and normal.”
She put the bloody organ into a stainless steel bowl. 
She picked up his left hand, examined his nails. “We already scraped under the nails, no skin or trace evidence.”
She picked up his left forearm, turning it so we could see the circumference. “No defensive wounds, but there’s a slight contusion here at his knuckles.” 
“Thoughts?” Cantu said, as I took out my phone and took a discreet shot of his tattoo.
Dr. M laid John Doe’s arm back at his side and shook her head. “According to Detective Clark’s report, the clerk said this kid walked in on a convenience store robbery on Marble Drive in Convict Hill, took the bad guy down and hog-tied him with his belt. Clerk said the kid made it look easy. Like he’d done it before.”
“And he didn’t see the second bad guy hiding in the beer cooler,” Cantu said, finishing her thought.
My head felt like I’d got a good whiff of helium as a similar scene replayed in my mind, and my stomach twisted as I saw myself, watching from the car window while my dad busted a kid robbing a clerk and screamed when a second guy appeared. Daddy hadn’t heard me.
After that, the wheels fell off the MacKinnon family wagon. If it hadn’t been for Cantu, the Ladies of the Charity League and later, the Colonel, there was no telling what would have happened.
“Was he police?” I said, but my voice sounded small.
“I checked the rosters,” Cantu said. “None of our guys unaccounted for.”
I nodded. “And where’s the guy who got tied up?” I said.
“Already opened him up and put him back together,” Dr. M said. “Billy Wayne Turner—a three strike felon. His prints popped up on the DPS database almost immediately.”
“You did an autopsy on him? But, I thought you said John Doe tied him up—you didn’t say he killed him . . .”
“Our John Doe didn’t kill him,” Cantu said. “His buddy did.”
“Sheesh,” I said, my stomach turning. “My daddy used to say friends are like roses, you have to watch out for the pricks.”
Dr. M shook her head, reaching for a second, smaller stainless steel bowl. “Same kind of bullets.”
With a pair of forceps, she pulled a metal slug from the tray and I looked at it. The end had opened like a daisy bloom on impact.
My eyes went wide. “Are those cop killers?”
“Hydro Shok—.38 caliber,” she said. “Make a nice tidy hole on entry.”
She rolled the victim slightly to his left side, pointing to two perfect round bullet holes in the back of his skull. “Makes a big bloody mess on exit.”
As she tilted the body, the surgical towel tented over the man’s head slid away. 
And so did what was left of John Doe’s face.

Chapter Four
“You okay?” Logan asked as we headed down the steep, winding Ranch Road 2222 through the rugged edge of the Hill Country, taking the long way back to the office.
Some secret Santa had decorated the stubby cedar trees with tinsel and bright Christmas balls, a stark contrast to the gray sky and the dry brown December grass.
I shrugged. “Kind of overwhelmed,” I said. 
He was quiet as he drove and I leaned my head against Marlowe as the dog perched on the console. The dog snuffled the top of my head and I smiled a little.
There was so much to say to Logan, so much I wanted to tell him, and I had so much to do between now and the time he turned into holiday pumpkin and headed back to Laredo that I didn’t know what to say, so I didn’t say anything.
“So what are you going to do about your John Doe?” Logan said.
“I emailed the shot of the tattoo and the surveillance video to Ethan Singer,” I said. “If anyone can unravel them he can—he can do things with Sentinel software that God never intended.”
“He going to be there tonight?”
“Are you kidding?” I said. “He and Faith are inseparable. He moved out of his so-called Command Center in his mom’s basement and got an apartment so Faith has a place to stay. He even took those little Velcro-ed Star Wars action figures out of the back windshield of his car.”
“Wow,” Logan said. “Must be serious.”
I shrugged. “He left the Star Fleet Academy bumper sticker on, so we’ll see.”
Logan chuckled.
“So hey,” I said. “How come Cantu knew your car blew up—which by the way, I’m going to yell at him about later—and he didn’t know you were still alive?”
“He shouldn’t have even known it was my car,” Logan said. “Undercover means under cover.”
I frowned. “You mean nobody knows when you go undercover?”
“Most of the time, the other agents working the case will know.  Usually I have a “handler”, another agent who is responsible for my part.  But this one is special.  Only my SAC knows,” Logan said.
“Your Special Agent in Charge is the only one who knows you’re alive? Isn’t that dangerous?”
“Can be,” he said.
“But what if you accidentally get shot by one of your own guys?” I said.
“We try not to shoot anyone accidentally.”
“You know what I mean,” I said.
“I know. Just trying to make you feel better.”
I crossed my arms. “Well it’s not working.”
“The bigger issue is getting shot by another agency.  I was undercover at a Klan rally once and ran into an ATF agent who was also undercover.  Once we figured out we were on the same team, he told me an Assistant District Attorney was on-scene, too.  Could have gotten dicey if anyone had started shooting.  It’s called a ‘blue on blue’ situation.”
“They actually have a term for it?” I shook my head.  “Boy. That makes me feel better. I hate it that your job is so dangerous.”
“Your job isn’t exactly a skip down Candy Cane Lane—at least I’ve never been stabbed in the ass.”
He had a point. Which pissed me off.
Marlowe shifted from paw to paw and I knew we were getting close to the office—the dog can smell Skittles in the graphics department from twenty miles away.
Logan pulled into the Sentinel lot and parked in front of the building.
I opened the door and the dog bolted out of the truck as Logan lifted me down from the seat.
“What are you going to do now?” he said.
“I’m going to see what progress E has on the tatt and the video, then I’m going to call Dan Soliz in the gang unit and see if he can help me track down that clerk.”
“What about your list?”
“Shit!” I said, fishing the paper out of my purse. “I almost forgot.”
I sighed. “My mother’s going to kill me.”
“We’ll see about that,” Logan said, and he took the paper from me and tore it in half, handing me the top half of the list, and keeping the bottom.
“Take care of the dead guy and the costumes,” he said. “I’ll get the rest.”
And then he kissed me and my breath went away.
“I’ll see you tonight,” he said. “Come on Marlowe.”
The dog warbled at the opportunity for another ride in the truck.
The two got back in the truck, and were gone.

Chapter Five
“Look at this,” Ethan said. He was sitting at my computer, dressed in retro Levis and a black tee shirt that read “PEBKAC” Problem Exists Between Keyboard and Chair. His brown hair had been recently cut, his left leg jittered from E’s brand of exuberance and Jolt Cola.
Mia and I leaned in on either side of him to look at the monitor, the glitter on Mia’s neon-red, light-up Christmas sweater getting all over my desk. 
Ethan uploaded the doctored security video from the convenience store off the server and smacked his hands together. “Ta da!” he said.
Ta da was right. Ethan played a bit of the “before” blurry, static filled section so we could better appreciate the “after.” The difference was remarkable, and we made sure we were appropriately impressed so he’d move on with the damn video without explaining how he’d restored it.
Men are men, even when they’re geeks.
“Here’s where the first rat bastard comes in,” Ethan said.
“You mean suspect,” I said and he shook his head.
“Suspects don’t shoot people, rat bastards do. Watch this.”
The time stamp in the upper right corner read 12:45 a.m. The video had no audio, and was positioned high behind the counter so that the door, the cashier and the cash register were in clear view.
Ethan toggled fast forward, and we watched the young, very pregnant dark-haired, woman as she manned the counter, checking out periodic customers who bought beer, condoms, beer, candy canes, beer, cigarettes, beer and beer. She shifted from foot to foot, rubbing her lower back and looking miserable. At a little after 1:30 in the morning, a tall, loose-limbed guy in with long dirty blond hair down over his eyes ambled in, head down, glancing at the clerk, then around the store, then back at the clerk. He wore a hooded sweatshirt and his hands were jammed into the front pockets.
“The shooter,” I whispered, leaning closer to the monitor.
The first thug disappeared from the frame.
About ten minutes later, a second man, short and stocky with shaggy brown hair came in. He was wearing an identical hooded sweatshirt, and his hands were in the pockets. He looked nervously around, went back and rattled the beer cooler, then swung around, brandishing a pistol and shouted something at the clerk.
“Billy Wayne,” I said, and Mia said, “Who?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute,” I said.
On the screen, the girl’s mouth stretched into a scream, then she appeared to beg the man as she held her belly, crying, clearly in hysterics.
My breath caught.
The front door burst open and a man, rakishly handsome, with longish, light brown hair, dressed in butt-fitting, well-worn Wranglers and an un-tucked, faded red chino shirt charged in like the cavalry.
Mia whispered, “Aye, aye, aye . . .” and I gasped, my hand went involuntarily to my heart.
On the video, John Doe had Billy Wayne on the floor so fast I didn’t get a good look at how he’d done it.
“Can you replay that part?” I asked, still a little breathless, and Ethan said, “I’ll back it up in a minute—you need to see this.”
Mia and I leaned in for a closer look, and watched, mouths slack-jawed as John whipped off his belt, hog-tied the thug like he was calf-roping at a rodeo, all the while talking to the cashier.
Then he jumped the counter, saying something to the pregnant woman, smoothing her hair, checking her pulse, then her eyes and her belly.
A lump lodged in my throat. 
I didn’t even know this guy, and all ready my heart was breaking for him. 
We watched the last minutes of his life as he whipped out a cell phone, still holding the young woman in his arms, rocking her and petting her hair as he made the 911 call.
He had his back to the beer cooler as he consoled the woman. Sobbing, she turned into him, nearly toppling him with her wobbling weight.
And that’s when The Shooter burst out of the beer cooler, pointing a snub-nosed pistol.
John Doe must have seen him in his peripheral vision, because he tucked the clerk further behind him. He swung around, reaching into the back of his waistband beneath his loose shirt.
The thug shot John Doe.
Twice in the head.
Two small holes appeared at the back of John’s head.
His face exploded.
Blood and brains spattered all over the clerk, and his limp body crumbled on the floor.
The girl didn’t even have time to scream. 
Her eyes rolled back in her head, her knees buckled and she collapsed, toppling on top of her fallen hero. 
If I didn’t know she was still alive, I’d have thought The Shooter had killed her too.
There was a moment when no one moved.
Then The Shooter rushed around the counter, punched a key on the register, scooped up the money and shoved it into his sweatshirt. He moved to John Doe and the clerk and crouched over them. He didn’t even check to see if they were alive. 
The Shooter’s gaze ricocheted around the store, then he rifled through John’s clothing, nabbing his gun and wallet.
“Watch,” Ethan said, and hit the up key. The shot zoomed in and went into slow motion, and I said, “What is that?”
“Dios mio,” Mia breathed. “It’s an 8-ball—meth or coke . . .”
I shook my head. “It doesn’t make sense.”
We watched as E toggled the screen back to real time.
On the other side of the counter, Billy Wayne struggled against his restraints, his mouth moving frantically, apparently urging his friend to cut him loose. 
The Shooter came back around and stood over him for a moment, listening.
Then he leveled John Doe’s confiscated gun and shot his friend.
The Shooter leaned over his friend’s body, apparently listening as the life left his friend.
Then he took the man’s wallet, getting blood on his hand. 
He briefly looked at the blood, then down at his friend, then wiped his hand on the dead man’s shirt. 
Then he turned and walked out of the store.
He didn’t look back.
The video went to freeze frame, John Doe’s lifeless body face down, the two bullet holes in the back of his head, largely hidden in his slightly curled hair, blood pooling heavily on the floor. The clerk still hadn’t moved.
Mia and I sat, staring at the monitor, speechless.
The moment lasted a long time.
Then Ethan said, “You learn anything?”
“Yeah,” I said. “Our guy’s not a drug dealer.”

Chapter Six
 “Bad news, chica,” Mia said in her lyrical Latina accent, brushing back her long black curls as she climbed into my Jeep CJ-7. “I did your horoscope this morning and you’re in for a big disappointment.”
Mia’s voice rang like Bing Crosby’s tinkling silver bells, and while I love her like a sister, I was so not in the mood for tinkling bells—silver or otherwise. She was doing eyeball burning red from her scoop-necked Christmas sweater to her small, flouncy skirt and strappy sandals, all neatly offset with a big honking Nikon.
“Hm. Well, let’s see,” I told her, left-turning onto Ranch Road 620, resisting the urge to dump out whatever magical mystery tea Mia had made me. It smelled like an eighth grade boys’ locker room. “Logan is leaving, Mama had Beckett make us costumes and she asked me to pick up two dozen pomegranates for gawd only knows what. And we’re going to go see a detective about a dead guy. How much more disappointment can one woman have?”
“Ts ts,” Mia tutted. “Your aura es desastre. You need to come with me to see Mrs. Applewhite—she’s doing laughter therapy now.”
“I think this is a way bigger fix than a clown nose and a whoopee cushion,” I said, dodging traffic as we headed downtown to the main cop shop on Seventh Street.
“So why can’t Cantu help us?” Mia wanted to know.
“He didn’t catch the call,” I said. “Some Detective Clark guy is investigating.”
Mia frowned. “You know him?”
I shook my head. “Cantu said he was on the job in California,” I said. “But I have a bad feeling . . . Cantu said there’s something off about him, and the guy thinks John Doe was a drug dealer.”
“What?” Mia’s voice went up an octave in indignation, and she jammed her fist to her hip and did a head-bob, shoulder-roll thing in indignation. “Did he even see the video?”
“That’s what we’re going to find out,” I said, eyes on the road while I tried to fish the folder I’d made on John Doe out of my big purse without crashing the Jeep into oncoming holiday traffic. “I called Dan Soliz at the gang unit and left him a message to see if he could help with the tattoo and to find the clerk when we got back to the office, but he works nights—he’s probably not even up yet, but we’ll stop by for a short chat with Clark, then go see Soliz.”
“You think that pregnant girl was in a gang?” Mia said and I shook my head.
“No, but Soliz has good street cred and connections. If she’s still in Austin, he can find her.”
I handed Mia the file that included Clark’s original arrest report and still shots Ethan managed to extract from the video, including a close up of John Doe’s face—prior to having it shot off of him—the clerk, Billy Wayne, and The Shooter. 
The file also contained a close up of the 8-ball The Shooter had pulled out of John Doe’s pocket.
“And Logan can’t help us?”
“No,” I said. “He’s supposed to be dead and he’s already put himself in danger by coming back here. And besides, he’s taking care of Marlowe, and he’s picking up the pomegranates.”
“He’s picking up pomegranates while he’s dead?”
“I’m pretty sure the folks that shop at Whole Foods won’t recognize him.”
We pulled into the parking lot of the city’s police headquarters and headed into the lobby, the December wind whipping at both of our short skirts.
“We probably should have changed clothes,” I said and Mia snorted.
“You want information, don’t you?”
She had a point. Cantu had told me Clark was a pompous ass, or words to that effect. And while I’d worn the skirt for Logan’s benefit, it certainly wouldn’t hurt trying to weasel information out of a jerk.
We pulled into the parking lot of the Justice Complex, all decked out in twinkling wreaths and an enormous light sculpture Texas flags.
We parked in front of the police department, and Tilda Collins, the retired cop at the front desk clacked her dentured smile at me. 
“You here to see Detective Clark?” Tilda said.
I smiled. “Yup. What can you tell me about him?”
“He’s from California,” she said as if that explained everything.
“And Sgt. Dan Soliz?”
“Not in yet,” she said.
Then she handed me a Post It with Clark’s office number and Mia and I took the elevator up to the seventh floor.
#

“Be nice,” I said to Mia. “We want this guy to talk.”
She widened her dark eyes. “What? I’m always nice,” she said with a lot of shoulder and hip.
“Uh, huh,” I said.
Mia was deceptively cute and sweet, but piss her off and she’d open up a can of Columbian whoop ass on you that would knock you into next week. And Cantu had already indicated this guy was a horse’s ass.
“You said this guy isn’t gonna tell us anything useful,” Mia said and I nodded.
“Based on his report, or lack of report, he probably won’t tell us anything that’ll get us closer to John Doe’s identity or who the shooter is,” I said. “But we need to talk to him.”
“Just in case?” Mia wanted to know.
“Yes, and if we’re right, if John Doe isn’t a drug dealer, we need to make sure we get the story,” I said. “The whole story.”
We exited the elevator and headed down the hall to Clark’s office where he met us at his open door, which was canopied in Pottery Barn Christmas paraphernalia.
Wow. We’d hit the big time.
I gave Clark the once over. I’ve known cops all my life, and most of them are genuine, bona fide heroes. But, as in most professions, there are a few butt heads. And I’ve met at least one genuinely criminal sheriff, though I hadn’t proved it. Yet.
And from where I stood, Detective Clark was a bona fide butt head.
He was sporting blond-streaked hair that was freeze-dried into an ESPN anchorman helmet and a smile that showed way too many teeth. He was good looking in a Malibu Ken doll kind of way, complete with a Malibu Ken expensive dark pinstriped suit.
I tried not to snort. All hat and no cattle, as my daddy used to say.
The sad thing was that it probably worked for him. I’d bet he had a legion of badge bunnies clinging to him like Saran Wrap.
My distaste was immediate, and I wasn’t sure if Cantu had jaded my opinion, or if it was the way this knucklehead’s report looked nothing like the security video, or if it was just the fact I could tell he sat for an hour at some hairdresser getting his hair frosted.
“You must be Cauley,” he said to me, beaming as he gave me a double-handshake—his right hand lingering a little too long in the shake while he gave my upper arm a squeeze with his left, brushing my breast. “Detective Claude Clark, but my friends call me Dutch.”
“Hm,” I said, and wondered if the ol’ breast-brush was something dickheads inherited or if they learned it from some Dickhead for Dummies manual. I wondered who named him Claude. Probably code for Dirt Clod.
“And you brought a little friend,” he turned to Mia, smiling even wider when he saw her camera. “I didn’t realize there’d be a photo shoot.”
I heard Mia growl an inventive Columbian curse under her breath. I did a mental, uh oh. Despite, or perhaps because of her small stature, Mia hates being called “little.”
He leaned in to give Mia the old boob brush and she ducked into his grasp—
Flash! 
The burst of light was so close to his face that it probably blistered the back of his eyeballs. He blinked hard and took a step back.
I turned to look at Mia and raised an eyebrow, and she sent me a wide-eyed innocent, Wha-a-a-t?
She smiled wide and shrugged at him. “No habla Ingles,” she said, and I shook my head.
“Well, that’s okay. Great in fact,” he said, clearing his throat and chuckling a forced laugh. 
Then he turned to me and said, “Cantu probably told you I was the media liaison in LA.”
No, Cantu told me you were investigating a murder. And as far as media relations went, I bet he just liked to say liaison.
And he thought we were here to do a profile on him? Seriously? 
Fine. Most cops don’t like to talk to media, and this would make my job a million percent easier.
He glanced over at his reflection in the window and tried to surreptitiously check his teeth like he was doing an interview for The Bachelor, not chatting with a reporter who may offer a couple of clues to John Doe’s identity, if not a tip that might get him closer to the killer.
“Glad to be dealing with a pro,” I said, giving him my second most charming smile—my first most charming smile I save for people I like. And people I respect. And people for whom I don’t get the overwhelming urge to kick in the leg.
Cantu was right. There was something up with this guy, and the best way to find out was to let him talk until he stepped in his own dog doodie.
“And this is Mia Santiago—she’s an award-winning photographer,” I said, and at that, he ramped up his anchorman smile.
“Yes, of course,” he said, and motioned us to sit as he moved behind his mammoth mahogany desk—clearly shipped in from California.
No way an Austin cop would ride that kind of desk.
Mia sat in the seat he’d indicated, but she continued to mutter.
I sat next to her, file in my lap, and stared at the gleaming, uncluttered surface of his desk.
Most cop desks look worse than mine, which is saying a lot. The Clod had the most immaculate cop desk I’ve ever seen. No burgeoning inbox, no teetering stack of reports, no family photos. No holiday hoopla, except for Austin fave Michael Martin Murphy’s Christmas cantata playing softly from an expensive looking iPod dock. 
I straightened the disheveled papers inside my newly constructed John Doe file. Hm. Already I had more information strewn around the office than The Clod.
His office was, however, adorned with more than a dozen shots of The Clod glad handing various California celebu-tants, politicians and upper management law enforcement officers with more brass than God. Nice to know his priorities were in order.
I’ve met men like him. Interviews are easy because they love to talk about their favorite subject—themselves.
“You know,” he said, leaning back in his seat. “I’m a bit of a writer myself.”
I smiled and nodded like it was the first time anyone had ever told me that. In fact, everybody tells me that. 
Hell. Even the guy who came out to fix my septic tank told me he sucks crap out of a hole for a living, but at heart he was really a writer. And then he proceeded to recite some of the worst iambic pentameter I have ever had the misfortune of hearing, accompanied by the equally malodorous stench of septic. 
The only thing I wanted to know from The Clod was if he had anything on John Doe’s identity, how he was doing on the murder and if he’d spoken to the clerk.
But I was getting the feeling I was going to be doing my septic guy’s job—pulling crap out of a hole.
Based on the tidiness of his desk and the dearth of pertinent information in his report, I figured I already knew the answers. 
But I learned a long time ago that when you’re fishing for information, it’s best to cast a wide net because you never know what you’re going to get.
“So, Detective Clark,” I said, smiling, leaning forward. “How long have you been in Austin?”
“Almost two months now,” he said. “Haven’t really had time to get to know the city, you know, good restaurants, a good place to wind down. I hear there’s a pretty good music scene here—I haven’t been able to find anything on my own.”
He gave me what I assumed was his charming, boyish grin.
I stared at his hair and realized he’d had a root perm. At least he’d found his way to a beauty shop.
Beside me I felt Mia stiffen and Flash! 
She snapped another shot.
He blinked and frowned. “Errum,” he cleared his throat and eyed the camera. “I have some publicity shots . . .”
I hid a smile. Mia was jacking with him. He’d called her my “little friend.” These photos weren’t going anywhere except her office dartboard next to her headshot of Newt Gingrich. 
I noticed Clark glance at his reflection in the side window. He started to adjust his hair, realized what he was doing and stopped.
“Oh,” I said. “We don’t use publicity shots. Besides, Mia’s great and we won’t be here long. What did you do in LA, other than act as a liaison for media?”
He was still looking at Mia and her camera when he said, “Um, detective.”
“Homicide?” I asked and he started to nod, then caught himself, realizing the first thing I’d do was fact check. It does not pay to lie to a reporter.
“Fraud,” he said, still looking at Mia’s lens.
Mia made a quick move like she was going to lift the camera and he flinched. 
She lowered the lens and he relaxed. Sort of. 
I had to chomp my tongue not to laugh out loud.
I cleared my throat and The Clod redirected his gaze to me, and I could see his breath was coming faster. Mia’s game of chicken was better than an office party with one of her famous voodoo dolls.
“So this is a promotion?” I asked and his brows nipped down in the center. Now he was getting annoyed with me.
“I needed a change of scenery,” he said, and I thought, I bet. There was more to that story, but I’d poke that hornet’s nest some other time.
I was quiet, riffling through my file. Guys like him hate silence.
He watched me, his brows raised, his gaze intense. “You know Captain Colin Sullivan?”
I shook my head, still pretending to riffle through my file.
He continued to watch me riffle. “He’s a friend of mine. He, uh, thought I’d like it here, so when a position came open, he gave me a call.”
“Sullivan” I repeated. “Never heard of him.” 
I halting my riffling to study one of the stills of the murder scene Ethan lifted from the video. 
I looked up at him. “Cantu said you pulled the John Doe murders.”
The Clod’s jaw muscles went tight and my internal radar thumped the base of my skull.
“Yeah, I caught the case,” he said, and he sounded snippy—exactly the voice you’d expect from a Talking Malibu Ken.
“Your first murder?” I said.
His eyes narrowed. “First one in Austin,” he said, and ran a finger under his collar, loosening it around the base of his neck.
“Wow. Your first homicide,” I said, looking around at the many photos of himself he’d hung on the walls. “You must have really built up a reputation back home.”
I pulled Ethan’s close-up shot of John Doe—before his face exploded. 
I studied it.
The Clod shifted in his ergonomically correct, non-city government issued leather chair.
“Well,” he said, brows drawn, eyes darting, shuffling to regroup. 
He stared at the photo, then at the manila file, apparently trying to mentally pry open the cover to see what I really knew.
The Clod leaned further forward. His smile got bigger and he shrugged, palms up. “It’s the holidays. One of my sergeants pulled the case, and I offered to take it. He’s got family, you know.”
I didn’t know. What I did know was he didn’t seem like a guy who ran around toting Santa’s big bag of favors.
I nodded, did a little more riffling. “Any word on Avril Rodriguez?” I asked.
He blinked. “Oh,” he said, like he’d just remembered who she was and why I was there. “The clerk? She doesn’t speak English—she’s probably illegal and I’ve notified the immigration guys at ICE. We’ve got word out, but if she’s down with the bangers who started this, she won’t show. Alive anyway.”
Beside me, I felt Mia bristle, and I put my hand on her forearm to keep her from blinding him with her flash.
I nodded, all sympathy and sugar-spiced tea. “Any word on John Doe?”
The Clod’s gaze got hard and he said, “You mean other than he’s dead?” 
He stood, and if he’d been a dog, the hair on the back of his neck would have bristled. “Look. I know you don’t know much about police work—”
Mia was so irritated she nearly levitated in her chair, probably concocting some curse to put a dent in his helmet hair.
“The dude had dope in his pocket,” The Clod went on. “We ID’d the second body as a low-level dope dealer. Theory is all three of these dudes were tweakers in the middle of a deal gone bad.”
Right, I thought. And one of the dope dealers took time out of his busy schedule to bust up a robbery?
My cell rang and The Clod frowned when the James Bond theme blasted from my purse. 
I smiled and stood up, blocking him from Mia’s mental death ray and said, “We have to go,” I said. “That’s the cavalry.”
“The what?” he said. Probably thought he was the cavalry.
“Doesn’t matter,” I said, heading to the door, Mia hot on my heels.
“What about my interview?” he said.
“We’ll call you,” I said, and we walked out the open door without looking back.

Chapter Seven
“Well that was a bust,” Mia said as we headed back toward the elevator.
I shook my head, fishing my still-ringing cell out of my bag. “We got what we needed—we confirmed The Clod is a dickhead and he’s not doing due diligence this case.”
I shrugged the phone to my ear, doing a finger wave goodbye to Tilda as we made our way back to the Jeep. “MacKinnon.”
“How’s the dog?” Sergeant Dan Soliz’s voice said and I grinned into the phone.
 “Marlowe’s busy getting ready for Mama’s Christmas party,” I said, leaving out the part about Logan not being dead. “How’s Napalm?”
Soliz had been drafted into Search and Rescue Team Six when our fearless leader Olivia Johnson gave him a police dog she’d confiscated from a really crappy crooked sheriff. I thought of The Clod and wondered if he had a dog. I hoped not.
“He ate the telephone and had the answering machine for dessert,” he said. “Where are you?”
“Mia and I are just now leaving Detective Clark’s office.”
“Huh,” Soliz said. “You gonna show him Austin’s live music scene?”
“I’d like to show him the business end of a size eight boot,” I said and Soliz chuckled.
“Hey,” he said. “You asked me to find Avril Rodriguez. I found her, but you need to be real careful with her.”
I let out an indignant huff. “Who do you think you’re talking to? Miranda ‘Bleeds-n-Leads’ Phillips?”
He laughed. “Sometimes I forget. She’s scared, so tread lightly.”
“I just want to ID my John Doe so I can get my obituary done before the Soiree. This guy’s got to have a family worrying about him somewhere,” I said.
That was the truth, but not the whole truth. I did want to get the obituary done, but I also wanted to get to the bottom of my suspicion that there was more to John Doe than Clark’s report. And at some point, Detective Clark and I were going to have a Come to Jesus Meeting.
“She’s with her aunt—name’s Isabel Santos—over off East Eleventh,” he said, and gave me the address.
“Thanks,” I said. “I owe you.”
“About a million,” he said and I said, “Now it’s a million and one.”
He snorted.
“Can I send you a shot of a tattoo that might be Texas Syndicate?” I said, and Soliz said, “Sure. We’ll just make it a million and two. Where’d you get the tatt?”
“Off John Doe,” I said, and Soliz said, “Yeah, I already got a shot of that.”
“Oh,” I said, surprised. “Anything you can tell me?”
“Um, no,” he said, and I wasn’t sure if it was because he didn’t know or if he couldn’t tell me. I sighed, but didn’t press it. Cops typically hate media, and part of getting them to two-step is knowing when to let it go and come back to it later.
 “Hey,” I said, changing gears. “You know anything about a Captain Colin Sullivan?”
There was a long silence. “Who wants to know?”
“Clark said Sullivan recommended him for the Austin transfer,” I said.
Another long silence. 
And then he said, “Cauley. Stay away from Sullivan.”
And then I was talking to a dial tone.
“What was that all about?” Mia wanted to know and I shrugged.
“I’m not sure. Yet.”
Mia frowned as we left-exited the interstate onto East Eleventh. “That’s not like Soliz—warning you off like that.”
“I know,” I said. And I had a feeling that Soliz was taking his own Come To Jesus Meeting to a certain Captain Sullivan and his Californ-ucating protégé, Detective Clark. 

#
Avril Rodriguez did a crappy job of disappearing herself.
Sergeant Dan Soliz had tipped us off that the very pregnant Avril was alive, if not well, and hiding out at her aunt’s house on the dodgy end off East Eleventh Street. He’d also said he’d put under covers on the house to keep an eye out for the girl.
I pointed the Jeep down Eleventh and headed off onto a small side street, and my breath caught as Mia and I were greeted by a half a dozen chollos sporting ass-crack jeans and barracuda eyes.
They were listening to a thumping beat of what I assumed was supposed to be music. 
As we passed, I looked into those empty eyes and for one gut-cramping moment my heart leapt to my throat.
Their heads remaining eerily still as their glare followed us, and each of them seemed to vibrate in place. 
They wore University of Texas ball caps backwards, tilted, sideways and every other way they could think of that didn’t include bill in front.
I shivered. 
Texas Syndicate. I’d had run-ins with them before and wound up with a stab to the ass for my trouble. 
I looked around for Soliz’s officers and didn’t see them, which didn’t mean much—they could be anywhere, but they were watching over Avril Rodriguez, not me. 
I reached over to make sure my door was locked, a largely useless gesture, since anyone with a pocketknife, a switchblade or a can opener could slash through the canvas top and carjack us in less than sixty seconds.
A not-so-distant memory of an earless homicidal maniac jumping into my Jeep and driving me into the lake sent my heart pounding.
“I wonder where the cops are,” I said, glancing nervously at the vatos.
“Hey,” Mia said. “I grew up in this neighborhood. Abuelita had a house two blocks from here.”
I flinched, feeling like my own kind of Dirt Clod. “I’m sorry, I just meant . . .”
“I know what you meant,” she said and she leaned over and gave my arm a light squeeze. “You are such a gringa.”
“If Avril Rodriguez is as frightened as Soliz says she is, I don’t know why she’d hole up in Texas Syndicate territory,” I said.
Mia shook her head. “If she’s down with the Syndicate, this is the safest place for her to be. What you saw back there was a board meeting.”
“Hm,” I said, unease nipping at me with sharp little teeth. “If that’s the case, then Clark was right—though something tells me he’s not.”
We pulled into the circle drive that led to a high salmon-colored adobe wall that surrounded a casita and courtyard. Red and green jalapeno Christmas lights twinkled along the top of the wall, and a plastic, lighted Madonna and Child greeted visitors at the entryway.
A small, tasteful wreath hung on a heavy, wooden Cantera door. We pulled up to the house, parked and went to the door. 
Two security cameras were set at the gate—one scanned the driveway, the other scanned the courtyard and exterior of the house.
The massive door had a peephole centered in the wreath.
I know you can’t see dick when you look into the wrong side of a peephole, but it never stops me from trying.
“I can’t see anything,” I said, squinting through the small hole.
Since we were trying to be nonthreatening, I had the folder with the arrest report and photos tucked away in my bag, and Mia left her camera under the seat in the Jeep.
“Dios mio,” Mia muttered, elbowing me out of the way, lifting to her tiptoes. “Let me see.”
She stood with her eye pressed to the small hole, and we both yelped when the door swung open to reveal a small, slender, middle aged woman.
“Hola, Señora Santos, mi nombre es Marina Conchita del Santiago,” Mia introduced herself with her whole name—something she rarely does—as a sign of respect an lineage. “Dan Soliz nos envió.”
“I know who you are,” the woman said as she yanked us both inside the gate.
I had a teacher who’d had her sense of humor surgically removed at birth yank me like that once. Judging by the woman’s iron grip, I was thankful she hadn’t gone for our ears.
Still with our arms in a death grip, she rushed us through the twinkle-lit, manicured courtyard and into the pink adobe house, where she slammed and locked the door behind us.
She swung around and poked me in the chest.
“If something happens to Avril . . .” she warned.
“We’ve cleared this with Sergeant Soliz,” I assured her. “We just have a couple questions.”
Her dark eyes seemed to peel my skin back, looking for deception, then she looked at Mia and back to me. She must have decided we were with the good guys—or good enough—because she nodded, and led us through the wide foyer.
Somewhere down the hall, a television droned, and Natalie Wood was chanting “I believe, I believe . . .” as a miracle was happening on 34th Street.
And someone was softly sobbing.
It was getting late, and I was no closer to finishing my Christmas list, I still didn’t know who John Doe was and odds of making Tom Logan fall in love with me were getting short. And nothing short of a miracle on Eleventh Street was going to help.
Isabel Santos led us across the terracotta-tiled floor and into the kitchen, where the sobbing was louder, the sound of fear and grief at odds with the rich, comforting scent of Mexican hot chocolate and the licorice-laced smell of anise-spiked Christmas wedding cookies.
My stomach rumbled like Logan’s big Dodge and I realized I hadn’t eaten anything since I’d split a strawberry Pop Tart with Marlowe at 9 a.m. Nothing like a murder and trying to track down a John Doe to kill your appetite.
Inside the tidy kitchen, a very small, very pregnant Avril Rodriguez sat at a rustic-chic pine table, a plate of powdered sugar-dusted round cookies formed in a pyramid in front of her. There were no cookies missing, and no telltale trace of powdered sugar lining her lips.
Her dark eyes were wide and red rimmed, and she stared at me, unblinking, like I’d just pulled a gun.
“ He-e-ey, estás bien?” Mia caroled in her most soothing voice. She came around the table and put her hand on the girl’s shoulder. “Está bien, todo va a estar todo bien . . .”
Avril didn’t respond to Mia’s assurances that everything would be all right, and I could see the pulse thumping more wildly at the base of the girl’s neck. Her enormous belly began to quiver.
“Hey,” I said, sliding a chair next to them. I put my hand on the girl’s shoulder. “Are you okay?” My gaze dropped to her burgeoning belly. “Do you need a doctor?”
She shook her head. “I-I saw a doctor at the hospital," she quavered in perfect, unaccented English. 
So much for Clark’s theory that Avril Rodriguez—the only living witness to a murder—didn’t speak English.
“Have you spoken with Detective Clark?” I asked and she shook her head.
“No,” she said. “Medics took me in the ambulance and they took the . . . bodies . . .” her voice trailed off and tears streamed down her cheek.
“I am so sorry,” I said, and waited until she got her breath under control.
“He, he was so nice to me,” she said. “He saved my life, and that man.”
Her entire body heaved on a sob. “They-they shot him.”
I nodded, remembering John Doe charging to the rescue.
And then I remembered him talking to the girl as he whipped off his belt and tied up Thug One. Even without audio on the recording, I could tell through body language he was comforting her—trying to calm her down as he checked her vital signs and those of her baby.
“The man spoke to you,” I said and she nodded, her lips quivering.
“When he spoke to you,” I said. “Did he speak in Spanish?”
She shook her head. “No,” she said. “He just said I was going to be okay. That everything would be all right.”
I nodded. “Did he say anything else? Like his name or where he was from?”
“No,” she said, then her sobs subsided a little. “Wait,” she said. “He told me his name was Calvin Hobbes and that the good guys were on their way.”
I blinked. “He said his name was Calvin Hobbes? Like the comic strip?”
Her gaze was blank as she stared at me and nodded.
I tried to hide a smile. A superhero good Samaritan named Calvin Hobbes? The Clod was wrong about Avril Rodriguez not speaking English, and odds were that he was wrong about John Doe dealing dope, despite the video of The Shooter removing what looked like a hunk of cocaine.
Avril nodded, thinking to herself, and after a long moment, she said, “That’s not his name, is it?”
“No,” I said. “Probably not.”

Chapter Eight
“Where are you?” Logan said when I answered my cell phone. 
The truth was, I was on the verge of a full-blown anxiety attack.
I was mentally and emotionally exhausted talking to Avril, and while I hadn’t learned who John Doe was, I did learn that Clark was completely off base. 
But none of what I learned, or didn’t learn, got me any closer to finishing up my Christmas list. Not only had I not learned John Doe’s identity, 
From the passenger seat Mia hollered, “Hey, Logan!” and then broke into a little riff of Feliz Navidad.
I squinched my eyes to avoid the headache coming on. When I got off the phone I had to remember to turn down the dang volume.
“Headed back to the office to drop Mia,” I said. “Mama gave her a list, too.”
“How’s the John Doe ID coming?” he said.
I shushed Mia and said, “We went to talk to Clark.”
I left out the part about the boob brushing, the asshole arrogance and my visit with Avril Rodriguez. After all, I’d promised Avril I’d keep her whereabouts a secret. And mentioning the boob brushing would just cause problems with Logan. And if he and Cantu found out, it’d be a rush job to see who punched him in the nose.
“Uh huh. How’d it go with Clark?”
“Um,” I hedged. “We found out what we needed to know.”
“Yeah,” he said. “I heard.”
I took the phone away from my ear and stared at it. “What did you hear?” 
“That Clark’s a dick and he manhandled you and Mia.”
“He didn’t manhandle Mia,” I said truthfully, and Mia yelled over the console, “He didn’t manhandle me. He called me Cauley’s little friend!”
I thought I heard Logan stifle a laugh.
“Hrrmh,” he cleared his throat. “I talked to your mother . . .”
My eyes crossed so hard Mia reached over and took the wheel.
“I got it,” I snapped. And to Logan I said, “Now what?”
“She had some things to add to my list,” he said and I nearly ground the enamel off my back molars.
“You told her I gave you my list?”
“No,” he said, “I told her I took half your list. She wanted to know if I had a costume and asked if I had something I wanted to do for the Soiree.”
My heart crashed down to my stomach. 
Number Four on my list was dying a slow, painful death.
“What did you say?” my voice dripping with dread.
“I said I had to talk to you first,” he said, and the breath I’d been holding flew out in a relieved whoosh.
“Here’s the thing,” I said. “She’s going to want you to wear a costume—if you wait ‘til the last minute, she’ll give you a Santa hat. I was hoping because you were new she wouldn’t make you do a number.”
“A number?”
“Yes,” I grumbled. “If you don’t come prepared, she and Clairee will assign you something.”
“Like charades?”
“No,” I said. “Like a Rockettes-Vaudeville-burlesque kind of thing.”
There was a long silence, and Mia was practically bouncing in her seat. “Oh! You should see what we’re going to wear!” She shouted to Logan.
I glared at her and hissed, “You know what we’re going to wear?”
She shrugged and said, “I went by Beckett’s yesterday and he showed me.”
I wanted to scream.
Logan said, “So if your mother wants costumes, should I wear my Santa suit?”
I blinked. “You own a Santa costume?’
“I have three nephews and a niece in Fort Worth,” he said by way of explanation.
I cringed as I right-turned into the parking lot.
“Oh, Lord. You didn’t tell Mama that, did you? If you tell my mother you own an actual Santa suit she’ll be mentally fitting you for a tuxedo all night.”
I heard a smile in Logan’s voice and he said, “And what’s so wrong with that?”
I pulled the phone away from my ear and stared at it.
Mia hopped out of the Jeep before I parked, whooping the news about Logan’s Santa suit all the way into the office.
The phone beeped and I told Logan I needed to go.
“I’ll pick you up in an hour,” he said, and then he was gone.
 
Chapter Nine
“His name’s Ben Rayburn.” Dr. Emily Marshall said into my cell phone. Her voice sounded tired.
“His prints were on file?” I said.
“Yeah,” she said. “DPS. He was released from Huntsville six months ago.”
For a moment I was speechless.
“He was in prison?” I felt like I’d been kicked in the gut. “You’ve seen the report?”
“Not all of it,” she said and I heard paper rattling. “Enough to get the ID.”
“What was he in for?”
“Possession with intent to distribute.”
My throat went tight and a wave of nausea rolled in my stomach. Clark had been right. My mysterious good Samaritan was a drug dealer.
“Any priors?” I said and my voice sounded small.
“Didn’t see any,” she said. “I’ll send you what I’ve got. I’m about to call it a day.”
“Thank you,” I said. “Merry Christmas.”
“You, too,” she said. She paused. “And try not to take this too hard. I know you wanted this guy to be a hero.”
I sighed. “I’m an obituary writer bucking for a spot on the City Desk. You’d think by now I’d be used to disappointment.”
“Cauley,” Dr. M said and her voice was kind. “You are a hopeless romantic and there are damn few of us left. I'll tell you what my daddy always told me--Don't let the bastards get you down."
Easy for her to say. She was spending Christmas with the love of her life and was heading home to her two perfect children.
Sullen, I pulled into my drive, walked over to Beckett and Jenks’s house and picked up the enormous box marked “Soiree” that I assumed held our Christmas costumes.
At least I could mark two things off my list—pick up costumes and identify John Doe.
Although there was something about John Doe, or Ben Rayburn, that was bugging me, despite the fact that he’d been in prison and that I’d seen video evidence of his drug possession. But I’d also seen evidence of his kindness and bravery. And his sense of humor—I wish I’d met the man who called himself Calvin Hobbes.
Juggling the big box back over to my house, I fumbled the knob.
Inside, I flipped on the lights in my little Lake Austin bungalow to stave off the dismal gray sky, and zapped on the television to stave off my dismal dark mood. 
I flicked on the twinkle-lights on my spindly little Charlie Brown Christmas tree, and dumped the big box beneath the rangy lower limbs.
I’d left It’s a Wonderful Life in the player, and it flickered on just as Jimmy Stewart was yelling at his family.
I shook my head. For more than half the movie, it should have been called It’s a Sucky Life.
I thought about Ben Rayburn, and wondered who would be missing him tonight.
I grabbed the big stack of half-finished Christmas cards and chunked them on the floor in front of the tree and pulled out my new iPad, courtesy of Aunt Kat, to find my address book. If I could get the envelopes addressed and in the mail tonight, they’d at least be postmarked by Christmas Eve.
I plopped down in the middle of the pile and booted up the pad.
Muse, Aunt Kat’s cranky little calico, stalked in from the bedroom, bitching her little cat blues. She rubbed up against my knee, turned three circles, then made a nest among the envelopes.
“Give me that,” I said as she sharpened her claws on one of the cards. I pulled the card out from beneath her fluffy butt and nearly burst into tears.
It was the card I’d made out for Logan.
I missed Marlowe and I missed Logan and he wasn’t even gone yet.
“Oh, cat,” I said, and Muse crawled into my lap, purring until she slobbered.
The message light pinged on my laptop, and I opened the message and found three photo attachments from Ethan—one of Ben Rayburn’s original tattoo—the shield with Texas Syndicate sword with a snake, and two shots of layers he’d isolated from the original.
I hit the zoom and looked more closely. “It’s not a shield,” I said to Muse. “It’s an arrowhead. With three lightning bolts.”
I squinted, and realized there was some kind of mathematical equation . . . 30.32-97.72 . . . 
I stared at the lightning bolts, and realization struck. 
The Colonel’s friend Lane Butler had a tattoo like that.
My breath caught and my fingers flew over the keyboard in a Google search for military tattoos with three lightning bolts, and there it was.
“Army Airborne,” I whispered to the cat, looking at my screen.
Ben Rayburn had been Army Special Forces.
Did that mean he wasn’t a drug dealer? No. 
But it did make it a whole lot less likely.
I Googled Ben, Benjamin and Bennie Rayburn and got the generic Facebook stuff, something about fairies and vampires, one about superheroes and about 13,000 sites for some truly disturbing porn.
I ruled out the porn, the fairies and the vampires, although, I was pretty sure the superhero-thing wasn’t far off the mark.
Undaunted and with a fresh streak of excitement, I tapped into the Sentinel’s search engine and came up with Ben Rayburn. His last known address was at Camp Fallujah, one of the forward Army bases in Iraq.
A crash sounded at the front door and Muse took off like a shot.
The door swung open, and there was Marlowe. 
He came flying across the room like he hadn’t seen me in four weeks, let alone four hours, slipping and sliding on my unaddressed holiday cards.
“I thought we were locking the door these days,” Logan said, grinning as the dog whipped into a full-blown frenzy, leaping and capering between me and Logan.
Logan stood in the doorway, and he was tall and dark, and the winter wind whipped at him from behind.
My breath caught.
And that was it.
I burst into tears.
“Hey,” he said, closing and locking the door behind him. “What’s the matter?”
“Ben Rayburn,” I said. “John Doe. That’s his name.”
“Okay,” he said, sinking to his knees so he could put his arms around me. “That’s great. So why the tears?”
“It’s just everything. He was arrested for dealing drugs, he just got out of prison, and look,” I turned the computer screen so he could see it. “That tattoo? I knew I’d seen it before. One of the Colonel’s friends has one just like it.”
“Special Forces,” Logan said, reading the text on the monitor.
“I had a gut feeling he wasn’t a drug dealer . . .” I snuffled, and Marlowe leaned in to lick the tears from my face.
“You know,” Logan said, “he may have been Special Forces, but that doesn’t mean he wasn’t a drug dealer.”
“I know. How else do you explain the drugs I saw The Shooter take from his pocket on the security video?”
Logan tipped my chin and looked into my eyes. “Follow your gut,” he said. “There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,  than are dreamt of in your philosophy.”
I blinked. “A literate Fed.”
“Don’t spread it around. So what’s wrong?”
“I don’t know, it’s just everything,” I said, and to my horror, the tears kept coming. “I feel like such a Grinch. My Christmas cards aren’t done, I’m not dressed, you’re leaving, and I smell like a dead body.”
He put his arms around me and he felt strong and solid and sure. “That’s in your head.”
I sniffled. “You think I’m going crazy?”
“Olfactory hallucination,” he said. “It’ll go away after a little while. You do smell like Vicks, though.”
He looked around at the mess on the floor and said, “What’s all this?”
I used my forearm to wipe my face. “My Christmas cards,” I choked out. “I hoped to get them in the mail tonight so they’d be postmarked—”
Logan picked up one of the cards. “You’ve got the names on them.”
I nodded, still sniffling.
He went to the laundry room and came back with a wicker basket and began scooping up the cards.
“What are you doing?” I said.
He looked up from the cards and grinned. “Aren’t most of these people going to be at the party tonight?”
I blinked and nodded.
“Go,” he said, and kissed me on top of my head. “Get ready. We’ve got a party to get to.”
 
Chapter Ten
“Wow,” Logan said as he pointed his big Dodge truck down the hairpin bend in Hamilton Pool Road. 
I started to ask him, what? But then I saw his “wow.”
My mother’s 3,000 megawatt Christmas Spectacular unfolded on the horizon.
Coming over the hill, even I was thunderstruck—and I’d seen versions of the vista all my life.
It was like an MGM, Technicolor extravaganza exploded on a quarter acre of my mother’s front yard. 
“I told you so,” I said as the Lone Star-sized light show blinked in two-step time to holiday Texas music. “Mama takes Christmas very seriously.”
In front of the wide front porch, an illuminated Mrs. Santa sat like a tipsy floozy on the porch swing, while Santa and his sled clambered about on the front lawn, pulled by a team of glittering orange longhorns. 
“How many lights are there?” he said, unable to take his eyes off the house, which looked like it’d been hosed down with holiday cheer.
“Last year there were more than 50,000, but the longhorns are new this year.”
Logan shook his head. “How long does something like this take?”
I shrugged. “The Colonel starts untangling cords the day after Halloween.”
Logan stared at me, and I had a feeling he was sizing me up, looking to see how far the chestnut falls from the tree.
“Am I going to meet the famous Aunt Kat?” he asked.
“She’s touring Ireland with Nana MacKinnon,” I said. “Aunt Kat’s working on her new romance series—The Rogues of Regent Street.”
“Too bad,” he said. “I was looking forward to meeting her.”
“Right,” I said. “Like my mother isn’t enough?”
“I like your mother,” he said. “She’s cute.”
I shook my head. “My mother is a lot of things, but cute is not one of them.”
On the console between us, Marlowe was shifting from paw to paw, warbling his excitement—probably had visions of holiday ham sandwiches dancing in his head.
Logan pulled the truck past the wide wrap-around front porch to the back of the house.
He came around and opened the door for me and Marlowe leapt straight from my lap to the back porch, knocking over a dancing elf as he nosed open the screen door, screaming like the he was being chased by the Ghost of Christmas Future.
The sound of jangling sleigh bells reverberated across the lawn the moment Marlowe hit the door.
Logan raised a brow.
“Mama has The Colonel rig the door to jingle all through the house.”
Logan smiled and shook his head as he reached for me.
“I’m wearing jeans,” I said. “I can get down.”
“I know,” he said, scooping me out of the pickup anyway. “Why miss an opportunity?”
Heat flooded my cheeks as he set me down on the crunchy, brown December grass, and I went to my tiptoes and kissed him, then realized Clairee was at the door.
“Yoo hoo!” she caroled from the porch. “Come on in here you lovebirds—did you bring the pomegranates?”
“Yes ma’am,” Logan said while I grabbed my purse and went for the grocery bags.
“I got it,” he said, piling them on top of the box of costumes, cards and presents we’d brought from my house.
I trailed along behind him, bracing myself for the holiday drama that was about to explode all over us.
Clairee was wearing an apron imprinted with a Marilyn Monroe Diamond’s are a Girl’s Best Friend hot pink dress. She held a pink martini in her left hand and the door with her right, and as Logan reached the threshold, she pointed up.
“Mistletoe,” she sang out, and plopped a big wet kiss, right on Logan’s mouth.
“Hey,” I said in a mock jealous tone and then she laughed and kissed me, too.
“Here,” she said, and wrapped a red boa around my shoulders. “Your mother’s in the kitchen.”
Like she’d be anywhere else three hours before the Soiree.
“Let me get those,” The Colonel said, taking the boxes from Logan. I smiled at his “Commander in Beef” barbecue apron. Mama had struck again.
“Good to see you, Agent Logan. I see Cauley's got you running errands.” 
The Colonel put the boxes on a chair in the corner of the mudroom and Clairee started rummaging as she crooned a naughty version of Walking in a Winter Wonderland.
"What’s a holiday without a few errands?" Logan said, as he and The Colonel exchanged a handshake like they were old friends that melted my heart into puddle on the mudroom floor.
Already the house hummed with activity—the sounds of Christmas music and happy chatter sent me tumbling back in time, and I suddenly felt less Grinchy.
Logan followed me into the kitchen, where the scent of cinnamon, sugar cookies and generations of Christmas sent my stomach rumbling.
“Agent Logan!” Mama exclaimed as she sashayed over to give him a kiss right smack on his lips. She was brandishing a wooden spoon and wearing an apron with a Grace Kelly-style strapless dress on the front, complete with pearls.
“Get out your Chapstick,” I warned Logan. “Holidays in the MacKinnon household, mistletoe is implied.”
Mama leaned in to kiss me on the cheek and stopped short. “Good gawd, Cauley! You smell like Vap-o-Rub!"
Tossing the spoon in the sink, she pressed her manicured fingers to my forehead. "Are you ill? I knew it! You've come down with the Bubonic Plague! Clairee!" she yelled, right in my ear. "Get me the Vap-o-Rub!”
“I’m not sick,” I said. “I was at the morgue earlier and Dr. Marshall gave me some Vicks to stop the smell.”
“Is this that dead person Mia told me about?” Mama said. “The young man who interrupted a convenience store robbery?”
“Yes,” I said.
Mama rolled her eyes heavenward. “No wonder you’ve been depressed.” “I don’t know why you can’t have a normal job like your sister, Suzanne.”
“She doesn’t have a job,” I said.
“She’s a senator’s wife,” Mama said. “And she has three children. That’s plenty job enough.”
I supposed that was true. Suzanne’s husband Roger was trotting his little family like show ponies to all the Houston holiday fundraisers.
Mama reached across the counter and produced an apron with a replica of Ingrid Bergman’s scoop-necked gown from Notorious.
“Where did you get these?” I said to Mama.
Logan grinned as he watched me wrestle into the thing.
“Here,” he said stepped behind me and helped me tie the back. 
“Beckett made them,” Mama said. “Aren’t they darling? Now, take this and make yourself useful.” She handed me a wooden spoon and pointed at the cookbook that lay open next to a big bowl of cookie dough.
“That’s a cook book?” Logan said as I leafed through the pages, careful not to disturb the pictures, scraps of paper and pressed flowers tucked into the book.
“The MacKinnon Family Cookbook,” I said, smiling at one of the pictures from last Christmas.
“Looks like a scrapbook,” Logan said and I nodded.
“It kind of is,” I told Logan, lifting the cookbook carefully and smiling at the scent. “It smells like Christmas.”
Mama never made it past canapés at Miss Mona’s School for Fine Young Ladies, but the woman could bake like she’d been possessed by Betty Crocker.
Clairee was spooning Parmesan on her famous bacony cheesy pencil dicks, and I wandered over and snitched some bacon.
She smacked me with her spoon, then turned on Logan.
“The Colonel is in the War Room setting up the bar,” Clairee said to Logan. “Why don’t you go help him?”
I rose to my tiptoes and kissed his cheek and said, “They want to talk about you behind your back, which is kind of difficult when you’re standing right here.”
I handed him a piece of bacon.
Logan raised his eyebrows. “War Room?”
“All the weaponry he confiscated during tours of duty overseas,” I explained. “It’s actually pretty cool. Ask him about the headhunter’s ax.”
Logan left, and I flipped through the cookbook as Clairee handed me a martini as Marlowe lay under the table, ever alert for wayward crumbs of cookie dough or escaped bits of bacon.
I shook my head. “I haven’t eaten,” I said and Clairee said, “Oh, piff. There’s fruit in there.”
I shrugged and accepted the pink concoction and turned to the recipe for Bourbon Pecan Pie. If I was going to have to wear a costume and sing in front of Logan, I was going to need all the confidence I could swallow.
“I can’t believe you sent Logan all over Hell’s half acre running your errands,” Mama said.
“Actually, they were your errands, and he offered,” I said.
Clairee said, “That’s all right, Cauley darlin.” God invented men to step and fetch. And just remember, men are like tile—lay ‘em right the first time and you can walk on them for life.”
Ignoring Clairee, Mama continued to roll out her cookie dough and said, “What are you giving Logan for Christmas?”
“I got him this really great coffee mug,” I said. 
Mama stopped mid-roll. “You’re giving him a coffee mug?” she said, like I’d just told her I was giving him a pair of old gym socks.
“It’s got the Bill of Rights on it,” I said. “When you put coffee in it, the Civil Rights disappear.”
“That’s not very nice,” Mama said.
“Trust me, he’ll think it’s funny.” What I didn’t tell her was the real thing I was going to give him was going to have to wait. He was leaving, after all.
“Well,” Mama huffed. “What did you put in the cup?”
I shrugged, cutting shortening into the flour for pie crust. “Nothing.”
Mama’s hand flew to her heart. “You can’t give someone a mug with nothing in it! Do you want people to think you were raised by wild animals?”
“You mean I wasn’t?” I said, but Mama was already directing Clairee to raid my Christmas stocking for chocolate kisses to fill the offending mug.
Mama was tutting about where she’d gone wrong when I moved in beside her and turned the ball of pie crust dough out on a wooden cutting board.
I thought about Logan and the Colonel in the War Room—about all of the artifacts the Colonel had acquired, and how much I used to love to hear the stories.
As I’ve grown older, I’ve come to realize that each artifact came at a price—he’d confiscated the big AK-47 from an Afghani drug lord and the headhunter’s ax he’d acquired in Malaysia after local insurgents tried to storm the base accusing him of several serious crimes.
“Was the Colonel really charged with killing, wife stealing and horse thieving before you met him?” I asked as she worked the cookie dough, her delicate fingers dusted with sugar.
“Don’t be silly,” Mama said. “The Colonel never stole a horse.”
I started to laugh, then realized she wasn’t kidding, and I remembered all the evenings Mama kept his place at the table set and the porch light on, knowing in her heart he’d be back.
Working beside her, I pressed the pie dough into a circle. “Logan’s leaving tonight,” I said, and my voice caught in my throat.
“Yes,” Mama said, continuing to roll the sugar cookies into submission. “But he’ll be back.”
“And then he’ll leave again,” I said, and to my horror, a tear trickled down my cheek.
“Here now,” Mama said in her magnolia-mouthed voice. She wiped her hands on her apron and turned and lifted my chin. “Yes, he’ll leave again, but he’ll always be back.”
I looked into her eyes, and they were so clear and blue I thought I might find the words to the questions I’d been wanting to ask her.
“I just—” I started, not knowing what to say or how to say it. “How did you do it all these years, even now, when he’s consulting, and it’s even more dangerous? Knowing that he’s leaving, not knowing when he’ll be back, of if he’ll come back at all?”
Mama went back to her cookies.
“Remember when the Colonel went to Montana as an advisor for Homeland Security?” Mama said, and I nodded. “There was a group of separatists threatening a siege on Elk Ridge City Hall.”
I dropped my pie crust. “I thought he was just advising. I thought it was some kind of weird anniversary vacation.”
Mama let out an elegant snort. 
“There was a rally of about fifty people, and the rally started going violent--right there in front of the courthouse,” Mama said, incensed at the disrespect. “And Stephen just marched right up those courthouse steps, and stood looking out over the crowd.
She shook her head. “There were fistfights breaking out, and the police had just started lobbing tear gas. They had their riot shields up and were advancing on the crowd and your stepfather . . .”
She stopped fussing with the cookies, and she was looking out into space, as though she could see the scene unfolding, right there in the kitchen.
“What happened?” I said, breathless.
She turned to me and said, “He started belting out God Bless America.”
I blinked at her. “And?”
“The crowd went quiet,” Mama said. “He didn’t even need to go into the second verse.”
“What, and they went home?”
“Eventually,” Mama said. “But the thing is, he diffused the tension. After that, nobody was throwing punches or lobbing tear gas.”
“You were there?”
Mama chuckled. “I was at the hotel on the Town Square. The state authorities misrepresented the danger, and it was our anniversary, after all. I insisted on tagging along. Saw the whole thing from my hotel room.”
“And the Colonel just took you with him?” I said.
“Well, the local authorities misrepresented what was really going on,” Mama said.
“Weren’t you afraid for him?” I said.
“Terrified,” she said.
I shook my head. “What if his plan backfired? 
“I asked him that,” she said. “He said he had already identified their leader, and he would have cold-cocked him right in front of his followers.”
“And that would have helped, how?”
“Cut off the head and it has a pretty big impact on the rest of the snake.”
I stood there, speechless.
“Here’s the thing, Cauley Kat. Your stepfather is a very smart man. And so is your Agent Logan. They’re not going to put themselves, let alone us, in any kind of situation they can’t handle.”
My throat went tight and I stifled a sob. For Mama, for the Colonel, and for Logan.
Mama put her arms around me and petted my hair. She smelled like sugar cookies and pomegranates and hope and miracles. “Oh now,” she clucked.
Then she pulled away and brushed my hair from my eyes. “Yes, they leave. And yes it’s dangerous. But I know I have always slept better at night knowing the Colonel is out there making the world a safer place.”
I thought about Ben Rayburn being shot trying to protect a clerk, about the Colonel and his war room, about Logan leaving. I shook my head. “I don’t know if I can do this—I don’t know if I can go there,” I said.
“Darlin’ girl, it is a done deal. You’ve been there since the day you met Logan.” 
I shook my head. “And now he’s leaving tonight,” I said. “I was kind of hoping for a miracle.”
“Number Four on your list?”
I blinked. “You peeked at my list?”
“Of course I peeked at your list.” Mama kissed my cheek. “Anyway—it’s still early. You’ve got time.” She reached for a Kleenex. “Here now, you’ll ruin your makeup,” she said, and went back to her cookies.

Chapter Eleven
Logan had helped the Colonel set up tables around an open area around the baby grand piano so that the sitting room was transformed a cabaret complete with a cozy little dance floor.
The welcoming sleigh bells rang at the door and Faith and Ethan arrived, coats on their arms, and the sight of Faith took my breath away. 
Her dark, patchy hair was growing back, her dark eyes clear and sparkling, and she wore a simple white gown with feathered wings and a tilted halo. Ethan wore a black tee shirt that read “Xmas=3xHo.”
“Faith, my ba-a-aby!” Mama sang as she planted a big kiss on the girl’s rosy cheek. “It’s so good to see you—I hope you came prepared!”
Faith blushed and ducked her head, and Ethan said, “Hey, what am I, leftover ham?”
Mama kissed him, too. “Well come on in, get some food—the Colonel’s grilled the Free World supply of jalapeño poppers!”
Logan took their coats, and they accepted a small plate of Mama’s hors d'oeuvres and wandered into the parlor.
Then Mama wiped her hands and shucked off her apron. 
She turned to me. “Go get Mia,” Mama said. “Time to get dressed.”
Clairee turned to Logan. “Will you be a darlin’ and bring that box to the bedroom?”
Logan raised a brow at me. 
“Just go with it,” I said. “Resistance is futile.”
“Who’s resisting?” he said. “Costumes? This I gotta see.”

#

In Mama’s bedroom, she and Clairee were fussing with their sexy Mrs. Claus outfits. I smiled.
Southern women seem to age into separate genus: the nice little old Baptist ladies who outlive their husbands, pay their own bills, eat macaroni and cheese when the money gets tight and always keep a dresser drawer clear just in case one of the progeny, or their progeny’s progeny, need a place to stay.
Then there are the wilting, pale magnolia, the Blanche DuBois types who were born to be coddled, cared for and chauffeured around, and are at a total loss as to why people aren’t lining up in droves to do so. 
And then there are the Ann Richards-Molly Ivins variety, the last of the big-haired, big-shouldered broads, who can give and take a lickin’ better than any big talkin’, boot-wearin’ Texas boy who has the bad sense to cross them.
Then there are the women like my mother and Clairee, the mercurial, gently aging beauty queens who could arguably fit rather nicely into all of those categories.
As they pulled up their silk stockings beneath their short, red, faux fur lined, petticoated skirts, I wondered if I would be like them one day.
Mama turned to me. “Well, don’t just stand there, zip me!”
I smiled and did as she asked. 
“Now,” she said, pulling my costume from the bottom of the box. “Isn’t this just lovely!”
It was lovely. 
If you call dressing like a sparkly, slutty elf lovely.
“Why does Mia get to be a reindeer?” I said.
“Because she actually showed up for rehearsals,” Mama said.
I shrugged. “It’s the same every year, grapevine, grapevine, step-ball-change, kick.”
“The costumes and songs are different,” Mama huffed, tossing me a pair of green and red cheerleading panties with two white hoof prints on the behind.
“Nice,” I said. “I got kicked in the rear by a reindeer?”
Mia took a sip of eggnog and whinnied like a horse.
“I’m not sure reindeer whinny,” I said, and Mia shot me a look over her shoulder and pranced toward the full-size mirror.
I sighed while I got dressed, and visions of beauty pageants past flashed before my eyes, with Mama standing offstage saying, “Smile, baby, smile!”
“Hello . . .” Logan called, knocking on the door. “Jenks said to tell you he’s starting the show.”
I groaned, rolling up the sparkly, thigh high stockings. “We’re coming,” I growled, partly at him, and partly at my mother.
“This is not a way to make Number Four on my list,” I said to my mother. 
She kissed my cheek and said, “A lot you know. Ready?”
I stood and made last minute adjustments, then called toward the door, “Avert your eyes.
As the door swung open, I tugged my skirt down to hide the reindeer paw-prints on my butt.
Logan shot me a wicked grin and said, “Yeah, right.”
He’d put on a Santa hat, and he looked so damn sweet I wanted to take him up the stairs and into my old bedroom.
Logan offered me his arm, a wicked grin playing at his lips.
“I didn’t know Santa was a letch,” I said and he laughed.
“A lot of things you don’t know about Santa,” Logan said, and it was my turn to laugh.
In the parlor, Beckett and Jenks were doing a pretty good “Blue Christmas,” Beckett was dressed as Young Elvis, while Jenks wailed away on the piano dressed in a white jumpsuit, ala Fat Elvis.
Marlowe, ever the music lover, lay at Jenk’s feet, tail swishing, gnawing on the ham bone Mama had given him.
Logan had set up a small card table by the fireplace for us, Mama, The Colonel, Mia and Shiner.
The Colonel stood and nodded at Logan, who turned to me and said, “If you’ll excuse me.”
And then he joined the Colonel at the piano. 
“I thought Mama would let him off the hook since this is his first Soiree,” I said to Mia, who scooched her chair closer to me. 
“Hell-oo-o-o-o,” Mia said. “How long have you known your mother?”
Jenks ran his fingers up the scales of the keyboard, then transitioned into a rousing rendition of Good King Wenceslas.
I sat with my mouth open as Logan and the Colonel boomed out the song about the benevolent king.
“Did you know he could sing?” Mia said and I shook my head.
“No,” I said. “I’m not sure why I’m surprised.”
The two came back to the table and the Colonel said, “Let me freshen this up,” taking Mama’s martini.
“I’ll help,” I said, scooting my chair back while nabbing my phone from my bag.
In the kitchen, the Colonel pulled an ice bucket from the freezer, and I sidled in beside him. 
“That was pretty great, you and Logan,” I said and the Colonel smiled and said. “Uh huh. What’s up, Cauley Kat?”
“What? I was just saying y’all were really good.”
His sharp blue eyes narrowed.
“Okay,” I said. “I was wondering if you could take a look at something.” 
I clicked on my cell phone and scrolled to the picture of the Ben Rayburn’s tattoo.
“This is like Lane’s tattoo, right?” I asked and he put on his reading glasses to get a better look at the arrowhead with three lightning bolts, and the numerical equation at the bottom.
“Army Airborne,” he said, nodding. “Where’d you get that?”
“The dead guy who busted up the convenience store robbery,” I said. “His name is Ben Rayburn, his last known address was in Fallujah.”
“An Iraqi vet,” he said and I nodded. 
“Except, we ID'd him from prison records,” I said.
The Colonel frowned. “A convict who busted up a convenience store robbery?”
“Yeah, I don’t get it either,” I said.
He looked more closely at the numbers inscribed inside the tattoo.
“You run the numbers?” he asked and I nodded.
“I can’t figure them out and I’ve tried everything—Bible verses, telephone numbers, addresses . . .”
“Not everything,” The Colonel said, tapping the display. “Did you try GPS coordinates? Special Forces deploying behind enemy lines sometimes get tattoos that refer to their home base.”
He pulled up Google and entered the numbers. I blinked as he showed me the address on a map.
“That’s the headquarters for the Texas Rangers,” I whispered. 
“Be careful with this Cauley. By now the Rangers’ll be circling their wagons, and if this guy was undercover, they aren’t gonna want a reporter nosing around.”
I shook my head, thinking of Detective Clark. “I’m just doing my job. Besides. They’re going to have their hands full with a certain police detective who’s somehow involved in this mess.”
The Colonel frowned. “You talk to Agent Logan about this?” he said.
I nodded. “And Cantu.”
He looked at me for a long moment and said, “I know you have a lot of friends on the force, but don’t underestimate how cops react when one of their own is murdered.”
For the first time since I’d worked on the story, a streak of fear skittered up my spine—not just the shooter who’d killed Rayburn, but Clark. 
I was about to bang my head on a blue wall without a helmet. Again.
“What are y’all doin’ in here—havin’ a powwow?” Mama said, poking her platinum head into the kitchen. “Come on, Cauley. We’re up next.”
 From the living room I heard Jenks rolled into a jazzy Jingle Bell Rock, and I followed Mama back to the piano.
Sleigh bells rang just as we linked arms, and Cantu stepped into the living room, his eyes tired, his face drawn.
Jenks stopped mid-stanza, and every face in the room turned toward Cantu.
“Are you all right, Detective?” Mama said, and I unlinked myself from Mia and moved toward him.
Cantu motioned to me and Logan, and we followed him into the kitchen.
“Rayburn was a Texas Ranger,” he said. 
I nodded. “I know.”
Cantu shook his head. “There’s more. There was no robbery. It was a setup.”
I frowned, not understanding. “Who would do that?” I said and my voice sounded small. Logan moved forward and put his arm around me.
Cantu nodded. “Syndicate. They’ve done this kind of thing before,” he said. “Test the new guys—see how they react.”
“To see if they’re cops?”
“Or to see if they’ll bleed for the team.”
“Where’s The Shooter now?” I said.
“I got him,” he said, his face grim, and I swallowed hard. 
When Cantu said he got him, it meant he got him.
Mama had drifted into the kitchen, her pretty face pale, her pulse visibly quickening at her throat.
Cantu rubbed his face. “The Rangers are notifying his wife and children now.”
Light flashed, as a Ghost from Christmas past stole all the oxygen from the room, and in that instant, I saw the very young Cantu giving my mother that same news. That daddy wouldn’t be home—how she’d fainted. How our lives were changed in that moment. In that one, small blink of an eye.
I blinked and went to my mother, put out my hand.
She shook her head. Still dressed in her Mrs. Claus skirt, Mama stood silently in the archway, and for a moment, I thought her knees would buckle. 
Then she cleared her throat and said, “Cauley, help get me out of this skirt.”
Then she called over her shoulder into the living room, “Stephen, get me a box, Clairee, you load up the food. We’ve got a family to feed.”
And my heart swelled. 
Some magnolias really are made of steel.

Chapter Twelve
“You didn’t want to go with the Charity League?” Logan said, driving me and Marlowe home.
I shook my head. I thought about my list, and how badly I’d wanted to cross off all my To Do items, but not like this.
“I’ve got phone calls to make an obituary to write, and I just want to go home,” I said, feeling morose. I’d wanted to know the identity of Ben Rayburn, and how it was that he came to thwart a robbery.
And now that I knew, I felt sick and empty. And about to be very alone.
Marlowe had forgone the console and had squeezed in next to me in the passenger seat, accepting my weight as I leaned into him.
“Are you okay?” Logan said.
The sobbing came full force then.
“It could have been you—you could have been the one in the morgue this morning.”
He reached over and patted my back and stroked my hair and he felt so strong and solid and true.
“But it wasn’t me,” he said. “And what about you? Since I’ve known you, you’ve been kidnapped, shot at and stabbed in the ass.”
I laughed in the middle of a sob and choked. Dang, why couldn’t I cry pretty?
He pulled up the steep hill to Arroyo Trail and parked in my drive. With my seat belt still on, I opened the door and Marlowe leapt out to go pee on my neighbor’s rosemary bush.
I turned to Logan, who was still wearing his Santa hat. “Before I forget, I got you a Christmas present,” I said, and handed him the red and green gift bag that contained the coffee cup with Mama’s chocolate kisses.
His brows rose and he seemed genuinely surprised.
“What is it?” he said and I said, “I don’t know, open it and find out.”
He removed the tissue paper from the bag and extracted the cup.
“The Bill of Rights?” he said.
“Yeah, the Civil Rights disappear when you put coffee in it.”
He laughed then, deep and strong, and I thought in that moment I could listen to that laugh the rest of my life.
His smile widened and he picked up a silver-wrapped chocolate kiss. “And I get all of your kisses?”
I shrugged. “Mama’s idea.”
He nodded. “I love it,” he said, and reached over the console to kiss my cheek.
The he said, “Come on,” and he came around the truck, and he scooped me out of the passenger seat, set me gently on the ground and walked me up the stairs and to my front porch.
On the porch, I turned to face him.
“I’m coming back,” he said, and I looked up into his dark eyes and smiled.
“You’re still wearing your Santa hat,” I sniffled, and it occurred to me that he had family in Fort Worth who may or may not know he was alive. 
“Hey,” I said. “If your whole family is in Fort Worth, why did you come here for the afternoon when you have to go right back to Laredo?”
He looked at me.
“Oh,” I said, and felt blood rush heat to my cheeks. “Um, you want to come in?”
“If I go in I’ll never leave.”
I nodded slowly and gave him a sad smile.
“I’m coming back, Cauley,” he said and he stepped close, so close I could smell the scent of pine and leather and something else that was pure Logan, and a tear streaked down my cheek. “I promise.”
I nodded.
“When you get inside, flick your porch light so I know you’re all right. And don’t forget to lock your door.”
And then he tipped my chin up and kissed me, slow and deep and sure.
Then he opened my front door and the dog and I went inside.
I was about to flick the light when Marlowe nearly knocked me down.
“What the—?” 
The dog raced into the open living room and turned three circles under the tree.
I stared at the twinkling lights on the spindly little pine.
“I didn’t leave the lights on,” I said, and a streak of panic stabbed me in the stomach. And then I saw what the dog had seen.
A pair of red Nocona cowboy boots.
And for the first time in my life, I knew how The Grinch felt when his heart grew three sizes.
Then I heard the unmistakable static of a .45 dropping onto the turntable in Aunt Kat’s old Juke Box, and Aretha Franklin wailed that she’d be home for Christmas.
I went to the jukebox, where Muse sat, wearing a ribbon that I hadn’t put on her, her twitching to the beat.
Marlowe yipped and danced to the music, and I noticed a Post it stuck to the colorful Wurlitzer.
I pulled it off and read, Lock your door.
I smiled then, and slipped the cowboy boots on, feeling like a real life Cinderella. 
I raced outside to catch him before he left.
He was sitting in his truck in front of the house, grinning.
I blew him a kiss.
He flashed his headlights, backed out of the drive and was gone.
Then I went in and flicked on the porch light and left it on. 
And I would leave it on until Logan got back.
And as I closed and locked the door, I knew in my heart that he that he would be back.
He’d promised.

About Kit


Kit Frazier is an award-winning mystery writer and former journalist who got the idea for her first novel, SCOOP, after getting stuck by the seat of her pants on a barbed wire fence doing research with an Austin search and rescue team.
Since that time, Kit has written four award-winning novels, was named Barnes & Noble Author of the Month and Mystery Guild Pick of the Month, and has thus far managed to stay away from barbed wire.
Kit is currently working on her next novel, and loves to hear from readers. You can learn more about Kit at www.KitFrazier.com/wordpress, join her on Facebook at www.facebook.com/kitfrazier and tweet at @kitfrazier.


