
A Modern Love
M. Glenn Aldridge

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2009 M. Glenn Aldridge


A Modern Love
M. Glenn Aldridge


Chapter 1

The name is Samuel Jason Maxwell but my friends refer to me as Sammy and you may do so as well.  I live with my wife here in Owensboro, Kentucky where I was born and raised.  My wife and I are yet to have children but plan to have a couple, or even a few, of the little curtain climbers someday.
My favorite hobby is simply observing folks.  I find just everyday behavior fascinating and enjoy gaining an understanding of what makes folks tick.
But enough about me already as the story I have to tell you is not about me at all; rather it's about events I observed that took place about half a decade ago here at The Villa.
I've been an apartment dweller at The Villa for many a year with no real excitement.  However, there was this one time ? But before I get ahead of myself let me tell you a bit about our little slice of heaven apartment building just off the downtown of Owensboro.
As apartment buildings go The Villa is on the smallish size with only two stories and a great little courtyard in the middle of the square building.  Within the courtyard rests our pride and joy, a pool with attached hot tub.   What The Villa lacks in size it makes up for in character. Built many years back it was meant to create a cozy environment for its inhabitants while still remaining within the city.
The courtyard is really the icing on the cake as it includes several beautiful flower gardens, bookend gazebos, numerous trees and shrubbery and of course our main attraction the pool/hot tub.
The building itself is in a word, quaint.  Off white in color with a black roof it is nothing too fancy but just fine for the rent prices.  The apartments are simple one or two bedrooms and house an eclectic group of folks.
Sitting virtually in the center of town The Villa is surrounded by Owensboro.  Owensboro is a city on the border and a bit confused; on the border of Kentucky and Indiana that is and enjoys the Ohio River on the north side of town.  Owensboro is in Kentucky but so close to Indiana some folks get a bit confused as to whether our town is southern or northern.  With nine out of ten people being white folks and only about half the rest being colored I suppose it would depend on whom you ask.  White folks seem to think Owensboro has southern charm and northern sensibility, but the black folks I know seem to know that southern race undertones rule when push comes to shove.
Most folks would agree that Owensboro is a great place to live and raise a family; a small town, but not too small with lots of recreation on the river and plenty of good hunting and fishing opportunities year round.
Now I suppose city folk wouldn't care for our town much but if you like a little bit of city and culture and a whole lot of outdoor life and farming, with virtually no crime to speak of, then Owensboro is your place.  
With the primary jobs being farming and construction the town folk are pretty laid back and easy going.  All you really have to do to find out if Owensboro, Kentucky is southern or northern is to listen to the folk's accents.  You'll find a thick southern drawl in most of us, and most of us like it that way just fine.

***

Here at The Villa we have all kinds of folks:  married, divorced, single, men, woman, one that might be both, kids, and pets are allowed.  Beyond the generalities we have good and bad folk too, mean and nice.
I'd like to tell you a bit about the nicest lady I think I may have ever met.  Her name is Donna Amery but around here we all refer to her as Miss Donna.  Miss Donna is a sweet hearted old colored lady that is quick to a smile and even faster to wise advice for those in need.
Miss Donna was born and raised in the country, just outside of Owensboro.  As a minority in the area, it served the Amery family well to live in the country, both for farming (which was her father's trade) as well as socially, as most colored folks lived outside the city limits at the time.
Miss Donna moved to town after her husband passed away from a heart attack while farming; about fifteen years ago I believe.  All of her kids had already grown up and moved away or to Owensboro, so Miss Donna must have thought it better to move to town than to toil away in the country with only the farm and the animals to keep her company.
From what I can tell Miss Donna has strong religious beliefs as I see her go to the Baptist Church every Sunday.  She often sings as she wanders about The Villa and I've heard that she takes many leads in her church choir.  I can see why as she sounds like an angel.  I think her cat, Tendy, thinks so as well.
I'd mentioned that Miss Donna's children had either moved away or to Owensboro.  To Miss Donna's joy she has her two oldest children, a girl and a boy, living in Owensboro.  Her youngest daughter resides in Boston.  And even more to her delight all of her grandchildren, I think she said seven now, are within ten minutes of her front door.
Miss Donna adores children and glows like a street lamp when she speaks about hers.  She holds a special place in her heart for Grandchildren though, as she was particularly close to her Grandmother ? which brings me to a story she told me once that may help you understand a bit more of whom Miss Donna is.
In the summer of Miss Donna's fifth year she spent quite a bit of time at her Grandparents.  She would play in the fields behind their farm house and frolic in the creek that was no more than a hop skip and a jump from the back door.
One particularly hot summer afternoon little Donna came sprinting up to the back door and yelled through the screen for "Grandma, Grandma, Grandma"!  Some folks might have been startled by this but Grandma had come to know her Donna's exuberance about things she had discovered in and around the creek, and deduced correctly that there was no alarm, simply joy.
As quickly as Grandma could cross the kitchen and reach for the screen door handle little Donna had her hand and was pulling her down to the creek to see ? "you have to see, you have to see" cried Donna.
So there was Grandma being pulled hand in hand by Donna, while still wearing her cooking apron and a nice base coat of cooking floor for makeup.
As Grandma and Donna approached the creek little Donna's face lit up like a Christmas tree.  Donna jumped down to her knees and pulled Grandma with her into the mud.
There in the mud knelt Donna and Grandma in a [formerly] white dress and her best kitchen apron.  The apparent treasure found by Donna was a small pool of water that had become separated from the creek as the summer heat and lack of rain had dropped the water level.
Donna plunged her hands into the pool and pulled up two heaping handfuls of tadpoles while giggling and saying "look at these funny things Grandma, why they're slimy and messy and just darn funny lookin' ain't they".
Grandma just grinned and said "they sure are; they're called tadpoles".  Donna looked at her with a sheepish grin and said "ok then we'll name them tadpoles".
They knelt there beside the creek for well over an hour playing in the little tadpole pool.  Donna was so happy.
Later that evening after dinner little Donna was sitting on her Grandmothers lap telling Grandpa all about the tadpoles.  She looked at Grandma and said "don't you just love tadpoles Grandma"?
Grandma replied "well honey, not really, in fact not at all, I find them kinda nasty".
Donna looked at her perplexed and said "well then why did you play with them so long"?
The reply Grandma provided Donna sticks with her to this day and she holds it to be true in every way she relates to her Grandchildren.  Grandma said "Donna, you know why Grandchildren love their Grandparents so much?  It's because Grandparents don't just feign interest; they truly find joy in listening to and watching a child."
Donna can recall to this day the kind explanation her Grandmother provided about what in the world the word feign means.
It was a few years later before little Donna fully understood what Grandma meant, that the joy of seeing a child discover new things was far greater than the chore of doing something you don't like; like playing with tadpoles.

***

Well I guess they say what goes up must come down, every coin has a heads and a tales, or even yin and yang.  Because if for every good there is an evil, then I guess Miss Donna would be the good of The Villa and Frank would have to be the polar opposite.
Let me tell you a bit about Frank Whitney.  Not one of our happiest apartment dwellers to say the least.  Frank is a sixty-something widower and our resident busy body, troublemaker and on his best day, jokester.
Frank always has a word for someone, or actually a piece of his mind.  Some of Frank's catch phrases are:  Can I be Frank with you? To hell with the pleasantries; You'll never make the big-time if you waste your time on small-talk; Sonny (or Girly) let's git down ta buidness; Oh don't make me get in the red now, don't make me go to a dark place witcha (followed with an evil grin); I despise happy people; Well what goes up must go down ? to hell; Well fella, this is as cheerful as me gets.  And my all time favorite Frank catch phrase:  Rock on ? you horse's ass (pronounced ars).
No, Frank is not what one would call a cheerful fellow, but he does have some endearing qualities and I will list those just as soon as I can remember any of them.
Frank was born and raised in Frankfort, Kentucky, the capital city.  This has given Frank an air of big city, I'm better than these small town hicks, attitude.  I actually think Frank might believe Frankfort was somehow named after him.
Frank moved to Owensboro about 10 years ago, just after his wife Wendy past away, because he thought it would be "nice" to live in a small town near the river.
Frank calls himself an agnostic but behaves and talks far more like an atheist.  He is this way due to his high intelligence and Ph.D. status; history was, and often still is it seems, his field of teaching.  He believes only dumb people have "blind faith".  But I think he's also a bit tainted on such matters due to his wife Wendy's passing.
Frank absolutely adored his late wife Wendy and has become bitter in her absence.  They never had any children as Wendy could not, and Frank never really thought about kids beyond that.
Frank doesn't drink because he believes himself so smart that he has better things to do with his brain cells.  Parties are not on the menu either as he believes it is a waste of time when there is much thought to be done, why waste time with idle chit chat at parties.  He is not a small talker; that is for sure.
In social situations, Frank has a tendency to say something (half way) intelligent and then under his breath with his head turned, or slowly walking away, he says the most God awful stuff.  He can be, on the surface anyway, very; very negative.  But deep down he loves people; though he would never let them know this.  This has to be because Frank is bitter at God and everyone around him for taking his beloved Wendy so soon.
Frank was brought up in a two parent non-divorce family.  Both of his parents were Ph.D.'s (Mother's in History, Father's in Mathematics).  By all accounts, he was a spoiled only child with an easy life and had most things simply handed to him.  Frank grew up with no real sense of the average persons struggles just to get by.  It goes without saying that Frank is smart, but book smarts and total smarts can differ by many points, I'd say.
Frank's childhood was so uneventful that it really doesn't merit mentioning too many details.  It was just too easy for Frank as virtually all things were given to him.  He was a brain, not a jock, and didn't mind not being too popular as people were dumb anyway, so he never cared what they thought.
Later on in life Frank married Wendy.  She was the absolute love of his life and soul mate; Wendy also was a fine balance to Frank's course personality, keeping him in check so to speak.  Frank not only loved Wendy, he truly liked her as well.  
Frank's a bitter old man with nothing better to do than make everyone else's life difficult.  He nearly always seems to find the time and energy to say mean things to folks on a daily basis.  However, it's pretty darn obvious he wants to be around people; whey else live in an apartment building when he could live in a house away from folks.  I think really deep down he's a good guy that cares.  I also think he has a crush on Miss Donna, that he envies her positive caring nature.  But he can't let folks know this because he's still so bitter at the Lord and folks in general about Wendy's passing.
My true thoughts about Frank can be summed up simply as:  Frank is an ASS to others, but deep down inside he really loves them and wants to be loved.
With all Franks negativity you may find it hard to believe that he really loves others, so let me give you a short example of where I'm coming from.
Being a busy college Professor at Kentucky State University, Frank never really had time for friends.  His wife Wendy did though and had many friends, of which several of them were near and dear to Wendy's heart.
One particular friend, Gladys Hargrave I believe Frank called her, lost her husband in a car accident on the way home from work one Tuesday evening.  Gladys's husband, Joe, was a hard working gentleman.  He never made much money, being a locksmith, but Gladys never cared as she believed the low stress job helped him be a better husband and father to their five year old and eighteen month old children.
It was a rainy evening that Tuesday and Joe was on his way home from a key changing job at a residence on the outskirts of Frankfort.  Taking his time, as Joe always did, he was a model driver obeying most, if not all, the traffic laws.  Joe knew the dangers of travel and would never even risk a yellow light, especially after having children.
As he approached the intersection of Broadway and Lewis Streets he made sure his light was well in the green before he drove on through.  Unfortunately, a drunk driver running in the cross traffic was neither as careful nor as sober as Joe on this day.
It always made Gladys feel better to know the police told her Joe didn't suffer; it was what they call a T-bone accident and Joe was gone quickly.  Frank often mentioned this story as yet another reason not to drink; kills your brain cells and can kill others too, he would say.
While Frank never really cared for Gladys much, always thought of her as a chatter box, and never even met Joe; Frank showed great compassion for Gladys and her kids.  Frank would take the time to stop by Gladys's at least three times a week to see if she needed any help around the house.  In fact up until Frank moved to Owensboro, every time he would mow his yard he would load up the lawnmower and go over and mow Gladys's yard as well; even after her children were old enough to mow it for her.
In fact, Gladys's children are where Frank really showed his love for others.  At the start it was mainly Bobby that Frank showed attention to, because as a five year old he could somewhat understand the difficulty of losing a father, while the eighteen month old Laura couldn't.  But sure as Laura grew up Frank was there for her as well.
Why Frank would spend at least one evening a week and sometimes half a Saturday taking those kids to the park or carnival, state fair, ball games and such.  He would always tell Wendy that those kids need to have a man around to understand how to behave.  See Frank thought a bit old fashion about the man's role.  However, Wendy knew that Frank got more out of those children than he would ever admit.  Wendy knew that of course the kids needed a manly figure around on occasion, and they gained a great deal from it; but she also knew that Frank loved those kids and in fact adored them.  Frank was in fact getting as much or more from the relationship with the children, than the kids were themselves.
To this day Frank still see's them on occasion and always sends them fifty dollars on their birthdays.  He sees them as his own children, though he never impresses that upon them.  He actually doesn't feel like he has lived a life without kids.  He feels he has contributed to Bobby and Laura's lives in the best way he knows how, by freedom of choice.  He chose to help them and be a part of their lives, and that brings him joy; though he would never tell anyone in those words.
Yah, from my perspective Frank may have a coarse way about him but underneath he's just an old softy.
Chapter 2

I tend to rise early in the mornings, especially during the summertime so I can watch the sunrise.  I'd been up a couple of hours when David Kerr moved into The Villa on a midsummer day.
It was a summer day like any other Kentucky summer day.  Morning was muggy and in the upper seventies, surely to reach upper nineties or low one hundreds by noon.  It seemed you could feel the threat of the sun from the courtyard but it was still kept at bay by the eastern apartments.  Steam was coming off the flower gardens in the courtyard and the pool was like glass.
There was the smell of coffee in the air all over The Villa and the residents were carrying out their standard Wednesday morning tasks of walk the dog, ready the kiddos, take the jog, shower up, breakfast, rush to work and school, etc, etc.  Just your everyday in small town America.
Maybe it was the normalcy of the morning or the fact that I had slept so well, but I really took notice to our new tenant moving in.  He was coming just as most everyone else had cleared out for work, so he was the main and only attraction.
 Of course my first impressions of David Kerr were of appearance only, from my apartment window.  David's appearance was simply average in every way.  Average height of say five foot nine inches, I'd guess a weight of one hundred and sixty pounds, build was not skinny but not overly muscular, hair was a dark brown, couldn't make out the eye color from my window.  Let's just say from appearances he was the every man.
It was David's demeanor that set him apart on first impressions.  He seemed to have an air of confidence that did not fit his youthful appearance.  There didn't seem to be even the slightest arrogance in him just an outward manner of happiness within himself.  As if where he is must be where it's at, that is to say that he is content with the state of things.  That's just the way he carried himself.  Like smiling when no one was around or laughing at himself when he tripped on the third step going up to his second floor apartment or stopping by the pool and taking his left shoe and sock off to test the water while taking a long look at the sky.  David just had an easy going and affable way about him.
Now I suppose it would have been downright neighborly to help David move his things in, but as I've mentioned I'm more of a people watcher.  More of a people observer than an outright people person I suppose.  I guess from afar it's easier to like folks, maybe that's it.
Anyway, I'm afraid I have to tell you that I didn't assist the young Mr. Kerr's move in that day, but I did provide him with long distance morale support, sort of willing his success through the morning by paying close attention to his moving in process.  As well as drinking an extra cup of coffee for our energy level.  I found out many things about David simply by observing the things he owned.
Of course David had numerous boxes labeled kitchen, bedroom, living room, bath and such.  He also had an enormous amount of boxes labeled books, that he wheeled in on a red hand truck with big balloon tires.  As he carried the other boxes in, when I saw him hand trucking in the book boxes the first thing that came to my mind was that David was doing some heavy reading.  Maybe he's a bit of a bookworm, couldn't really judge yet, or maybe he just has a lot of books to make people think he's smart?
David had a few large boxes labeled clothes, but they were sealed up tight so I didn't get to see his wardrobe.  Too bad because that would have been very helpful in getting to know David from afar; clothes can tell you a lot about a person, especially the shoes.  I could have figured out what kind of job he had (white or blue collar), how casual or stuffy he was, and probably what he did for recreation.  Goodness knows you can't judge a man by his moving clothes.  I had to rely on some of his other processions to help out with who David was.
Only a small television, and it looked pretty old, led me to believe he didn't watch a lot of the boob tube.  This along with the books was starting to paint a picture of someone with more of a mature nature than his initial appearance provided.  Maybe even someone with above average intelligence?  Not sure so far.
The living room accoutrement consisted of a very small couch, two end tables, coffee table, several particle board book cases and an old worn out recliner.  All of these items looked second or even third hand to me.  Can you say "flea market"; or maybe a hand me down?  Obviously Mr. Kerr was not big on lavish things.  Or maybe he just put his mind and money elsewhere.
A fairly nice wood headboard for what looked like a double bed was about all the bedroom furniture I could see.  Probably a family hand me down, as it didn't fit his other taste in furniture.  Too nice to be a flea market, I think.  Oh, and there was a particle board chest of drawers also.
Then came along some things that would tell me something about David; the recreation items.  There were several fishing poles and a couple of tackle boxes.  I like to call them "tickle" boxes, just a little remembrance from childhood.  There was an exercise bike that was pretty worn, so I assumed David was a bit of a workout freak.  That was only reinforced when I noticed his weight lifting equipment.  He must be pretty serious about physical fitness as he didn't have any of the "safe" weightlifting machines, but rather he had the free weights like they use in Olympic weight lifting; pretty serious stuff.
  One of the things I noticed that was omitted from his pool of recreation equipment was guns; particularly hunting rifles and shotguns.  Now he had the fishing tackle, which is one of the two main recreation activities around these parts, but he was missing the hunting gear to fit in with all the other trigger happy locals.  Maybe he's a member of PETA or something, who knows.  Although, I'll bet PETA folks probably don't fish either.
David also owned what looked like a violin, or from this distance it could have been a viola case.  First thing I thought was that he better rename it a fiddle in this neck of the woods.  He also toted a keyboard up the stairs to his apartment.  We have a musician on our hands; hope he's a quiet one.
I quickly deduced that David was single when I saw an extremely small kitchen table with old worn out chairs and a bunch of television trays.  Certainly a lady would choose better.
I also noted that David didn't appear to have any pets.  Pets are allowed at The Villa so I assumed he hasn't had any for some time or maybe ever, as there would be no need to get rid of Fido the dog or Garfield the cat to move in here.
I questioned myself about the impressions I gleaned from these possessions but then let the pride swell up in me as I knew I'd gotten pretty adept at such things over years of observing folks from afar.
I later found out many specific things about David such as:  he moved to Owensboro from a similar sized town in central Virginia.  Apparently he moved for work but he doesn't talk about that much.  It seems one of David's heady philosophies is to never let work intrude on his personal life.  It appears David believes you work to live not live to work.  Pretty mature attitude for such a young guy, I'd say.
David is a Christian but doesn't attend church much.  No real reason he doesn't attend regularly, it's just been his upbringing.  He never really attended much as a child so he carried that forward into his adult life.  David does seem to believe things happen for a reason though; like its God's plan or in God's hands.  Perhaps that helps him with his easy going attitude.  Go with the flow so to speak.
I deduced correctly about David's single status.  Never married and no kiddos, although he does want children someday, when he finds that right person that is.
David drinks occasionally but he's just not a bar person and he doesn't party much either.  This is simply because he is more of a homebody and enjoys more intellectual pursuits.  I also think he doesn't like the second hand smoke of the bar/club scene; interferes with his recreational running and workouts I suppose.  I guess it doesn't do much good to stay fit and workout all the time if you put yourself in harm's way for lung cancer.
By all outward appearances David is a positive person, and probably inwardly as well.  However, it does appear he struggles a bit meeting young adults his own age, especially the girls, or at least the right girl anyway.
David was raised in central Virginia by his mother, as he comes from a divorced family.  His father lives somewhere in the state of Washington.  David hasn't seen him since he was about six years old though, and speaks little of him.  I think he'd mentioned that he hasn't even spoken to his father on the phone since he was about fourteen.
David wasn't much of a jock in school but he did play baseball and soccer.  I think he said he wasn't very good at either.  He sees himself as good at running/jogging and even better at reading.  That is, he likes to stay in shape but sees himself as more of an intellectual.  He certainly seems to think a lot.
David did attend college and graduated with a Bachelor's degree.  What field I have no idea as that goes back to David's philosophy of not talking about work in his personal time.  However, I think he has an important job.  That is to say, I think he has a valued brain.  He must right?
One really couldn't refer to David as a popular guy, in school he was known as having a bit of a dry sense of humor and more of a smart kid than the athletic outgoing type girls are more attracted to usually.
I immediately sensed from David that he was interested in finding that special someone.  Love might even be on his mind.  However, I don't think he had a desire to be aggressive about it or really even search for love actively.  I think he was just looking forward to new things and hoping for the best.
David doesn't seem very competitive.  If I had to sum up David it would have to be:  He's a dependable friend, and some would say a bit boring.  Oh, based on some of David's past I'd also have to say he is a deliberate planner as well; thoughtful.
Like the story he told me about how he achieved his Bachelor's degree so quickly.  Being a one parent home, the family didn't really have much money.  Still, with David's intelligence there was no doubt that he was going to pursue higher education.  The real trick was coming up with the money.  As usual, David thought this through well in advance of beginning college and then put his plan into action.
Summer classes were definitely in the plan, so as to hurry on through the monotony of the basic courses, as well as finish up early and get a real job.  David made the decision early on that one great way to ensure that he does not waste money is to never miss a class and never drop a class.  Rather, he would study hard and commit to every class.  He would also do a bit of research on each Professor before signing up for a class to ensure he would not have to drop the class.  He found out early on that the same exact class (subject) can be far different with a bad teacher than a good one.
David also worked evenings in the grocery store and hauled hay in the summer time.  The real reason for these steps and discipline on his part is that David respects and loves his mother, and didn't want to waste any of her money or put her in debt any further than she already is; a mature and thoughtful attitude for a young man.

***

David must have had a couple of weeks of downtime before he began his new job in town, because I noticed him in and about The Villa during the day for about a week after his move in.  I did observe that he seemed to be getting into a routine though.  Not that I clock the folks I watch but after about three days it was pretty obvious that he had a serious disciplined schedule, almost military style really.
David would wake at 5:30am each and every day (including weekends).  Lights would go on in his bedroom and bath, so I assumed teeth brushing.  Good dental hygiene is important ya know.
By 5:50am he was in the courtyard stretching with running attire and some serious running shoes to boot.  By 6:00am David was on the road and returned each time within approximately twenty-one minutes, so I assumed (along with his dedication to running) he was running about three miles at seven minutes per mile, but can't be sure.
After a bit of stretching and cool down David would be back at his front door by 6:35am, this guy is on a strict schedule.  I had to surmise what occurred next in his schedule, but based on the running and the previously observed weight lifting equipment, I assumed he had a bit of lifting before onto a shower and breakfast.
At approximately 7:30am David would materialize at his front door clean shaven and hair still wet.  Jeans and a white t-shirt appeared to be his normal casual attire.  With a book in one hand and a glass of ice water in the other he would make his way to the pool side for an hour of reading.  Once the day would begin to heat up David would return to his apartment for just a few minutes and then make his way to his car.
David drove a jalopy that some would say had what is called a "nice patina", and others would say it was junk.  Well one man's garbage is another man's treasure, I suppose.  Anyway, it was fairly obvious that either David didn't care much for appearances in this regard or would put this on his list of new job/more income items.  I was later to find out that David just didn't care or even notice appearances that much.
Again, I could only assume what David was doing these days before he began working, but with a recent move in I would assume he was doing all the little things like getting drivers license address changed, getting insurance information updated at his new agents, perhaps registering to vote, etc.  And you know what?  I can almost guarantee David spent a ton of time checking out the public library.  In fact I bet David did that before he even accepted a job here in Owensboro.  We do have a fine public library ya know, apparently good enough to attract David the bookworm.
   David would usually arrive back at The Villa at approximately 12:50pm.  I think he would have lunch at a different place each day before returning home.  No real reason to think this other than David seems to be the kind of person that would want to experience every different cuisine Owensboro has to offer.  Ah, the finer things in life.
Afternoons for David were a bit less regimented.  Some dipping in the pool, some laps in the pool as well, soak in the hot tub, reading in the gazebos (depending on which had the least direct sunlight).  
David would also spend some time in the late afternoon playing his keyboard and violin.  After hearing him play it was definitely a violin, not low enough for a viola.  OK bowing technique but he could use another twenty years of practice to polish that up.  He'd be a great fiddler but I think Bach is a bit of stretch at this point.  Perhaps choosing some country music would be good for around these parts, but something told me David would be sticking to the more cerebral classical genre.
You can't hoot with the Owls and then soar with the Eagles.  David knew this well, so he was early to retire.  Seemed it was lights out most evenings by 8:30pm.  This appear to be a good schedule for a workday, but probably not very helpful to a young person's social life.  It appeared to serve David well though.
Yah, I'd have to say David Kerr appeared to be the rare young man with an old soul.
From the start I thought David would struggle a bit to fit into the culture of Owensboro; that he might find some of the local yokel's a bit tedious to understand and deal with.  However, I also had to admit that David had a very likeable way about him and appeared to be content on his own.  These things led me to believe that David would eventually find relative happiness in our little town.
As far as how David would fit in at The Villa, I was fairly certain he would acclimate well.  See, we have all types here and one more isn't going to stick out like a sore thumb or anything.  In fact, on the contrary David's easy going demeanor should be a welcome addition to our small village.  My thoughts are; it will take ten easy going David's to balance out the one eccentric Professor Frank.  We can always hope one will suffice though.  We'll just have to see.
Chapter 3

Amy Helmer is our resident Barbie doll.  Saturday afternoons is her standard appointment for a romp in the hot tub.  For some reason I always find myself available for people watching at this time, though my wife either isn't aware or is simply kind enough to let it go.
What I've noticed visually is a very skimpy two piece swimsuit, a tacky romance novel (heavy on the tacky and low on the romance), dark sunglasses, very red lipstick and a bottle of Budweiser beer for companionship.  Make that several Budweiser's summoned one at a time with a slinky strut back and forth to her apartment (for all to see I'm sure) dripping wet in the afternoon sun.  
Amy is about twenty years of age and has an uncanny resemblance to a young (and slightly cuter, I think) Evelyn Keyes.  Although knowing Amy she probably thinks she looks more like a beautiful mermaid, one that is just too beautiful to describe with mere words.  All ego aside, and Amy does have a large one, she is a truly stunning girl; physically.
Amy has a perfect complexion from head to toe.  Not afraid to show it off, Amy's skin is like that first warm sunrise in April, warm and inviting.  Her hair is somewhere between light gold and fiery yellow; as bright as the sun.
With deep blue eyes that you could see from across a crowded room, Amy learned early in life how to smile with her eyes to open doors or shut you down with a bat of an eye lash.  They say the eyes are the window to the soul, but sometimes they only reflect.  I've also heard that the eyes never lie, but in a trance it's hard to decipher truth from fiction, especially when you long to see and hear what you desire.  Amy's eyes had great power that even she had not fully understood.  However, Amy would rather use them than understand them, so she termed them one of her many assets and called upon them at will.  Assets that God had bestowed on her as a gift to rule all she desires.  I suppose sometimes eyes are just eyes, not gifts from the Gods, but some folks (especially the extraordinarily beautiful) believe their beauty has a strong purpose.  Amy was one of these folks, even though she didn't use her "God given beauty" for good, usually.
Amy's smile was that of an innocent child.  A smile that would make you think; no it would make you believe that everything is new and exciting.  That all things are possible and life is long and ahead of you.  But this smile was not on a child and with a finely tapered nose and sculpted eye brows, she was extremely sexy.  A face that was sultry but almost indignant at times, like the sale of sex and violence as a package deal.  It was like a combination of the grid iron action and the cheerleading squad as one immortal being.  If you were a fool to jump in, the appearance could break your armor down and the words from Amy's lips could strike the killing blow.  Amy suffered no fools.
Amy moved like a 1930's movie starlet.  Slow and deliberate with a proper twist here and a swerve there.  As if to ensure that the camera and lighting always hit her at her best moment.  Amy didn't simply "have" a body; she "wielded" her body like a finely sharpened Samurai sword.  Like a weapon that can save you or be your ruin.  So sharp as to be painless with a full blow, but sting like alcohol on a razor cut if just barely grazed.  Amy's movements promised much to her viewers and often delivered.  But it would be on her terms and at her desire.  If you wanted Amy's moves or form it would take much from you or the smallest desire from her.
Amy's movements and her overall demeanor were not always one in the same.  Like a Moonrunner's stealthy hotrod, Amy could appear docile and unassuming at a standstill.  Lying by the hot tub stretched out on a blanket beneath the sun, with the heat of the day providing the faintest beads of sweat and causing a glow like the earliest break of dawn, Amy looked sweet and inviting.  That was your initial impression of her demeanor.  But when Amy pushed on the gas and put her form into action, those movements changed her from a calm everyday sedan to a fire-breathing, horsepower pumping, torque ripping Moonrunner machine.  With every sway Amy was what she willed herself to be.  Still or in full motion, it was her choice and she would provide you with what she desired.  Yes Amy could turn in a moment from still beauty to neck breaking sultry swagger.
Amy's only outward tendency toward self-consciousness was the slightest tell in her behavior; that is Amy tended to constantly look about to see if she was attracting interest.  She would scan the playing field to see if she had attracted the eye of any onlooker.  If you watched her closely it would give you the feeling that Amy was not being herself at all, but rather playing for the camera or acting for the audience.  However, most people didn't notice this slight tick in her physical facade or she simply received a pass because of her beauty.  Amy loved attention and demanded it in fact.
Yes, in my opinion Ms. Helmer leans toward overdoing the "I'm so sexy" theme.  That said, not many seem to notice it or maybe just don't mind it.  It certainly doesn't appear to harm her social life much at the moment.  I do have the distinct feeling that if Amy continues this behavior she will wind up a busy and desired young lady and a lonely ignored older woman.  One can't rely on looks forever, and once they go if a woman has no substance in her personality, honesty in her soul and love in her heart she may very well find herself alone and bitter.
Amy was born and raised in Owensboro.  She's remained, because being such a pretty girl; life has been an easy ride for her here and frankly (can I be frank with you as Frank would say) she's too lazy to start a new.  She likes things just the way they are.  She's a big fish in this little pond of Owensboro and even smaller pool of The Villa.
Amy Helmer is an Atheist through and through.  It's not beneath Amy to tell people she's a Christian though, if it serves her purpose.  She's very concerned with material things and worldly pride/ego.  While Amy doesn't usually say them outwardly, she has some codes she chooses to live by, such as:  But what have you done for me lately?  What's in it for me?  I'll take what I can then go free.  Hey, I can fake being in love with a rich man just as easily I can a poor man.  And of course:  It's better to have it all ? twice, and I'm not talking about cake darling!  This is Amy's witty take on the; you can't have your cake and eat it too theme.
Amy is single and plans to remain that way for quite some time, just too many fish in the sea to swim with right now.  She figures that when she's about forty she'll just settle in (but not down) with a nice sugar daddy.  No kids of course, and she doesn't actually plan to have any.  She certainly wouldn't want to ruin her body for a brat nor does she believe she will slow down enough to have the time.  She believes she will stay pretty and party forever.
Amy tends to drink often; and often to excess.  She claims she only drinks socially but she creates the social activity usually as means to a drunkards end.  Yes, little Ms. Helmer is quite the bar fly, speak easy maiden, club rat and party animal.  However, Amy will tell her pretty little white lie and say she's not, even to the point of speaking negatively about those kinds of folks.
Amy believes that smart and "savvy" people get, or if need be take, all they can.  It doesn't matter if you have to lie, cheat, steal or walk on people, the name of the game is take what you can get.  Of course to be true to her internal philosophy she simply must be out to have it all times two.  Any less would be strict naiveté to her.
Amy's upbringing can only be described as "posh".  Her father (a lawyer) gave her everything she ever wanted.  Her mother (stay at home, lush) ignored her unless she could placate her with money, recreation, shopping or clothes.  Amy is what one would refer to as "spoiled rotten".  Perhaps it's not her fault; it's been her upbringing from the start.  Possibly more nurture than nature?  I suppose we'll never really know the answer to that one, but I also surmise that how Amy got this way is not quite as import as the fact that she is this way.  This is particularly true for anyone who crosses Amy or stands in her path to her desires.  It's not much solace to know that Amy couldn't help but be mean, or it's not really her fault her parents made her that way, when she's exacted her wrath upon you.
Amy graduated high school in Owensboro.  She was both homecoming and prom queen.  She's a fifth grade school teacher now with a bachelor's degree in elementary education.  She got this because, hey, summers off and it's the easiest degree to get; so she thought anyway but with all her partying it was still a struggle for her.  Deep down Amy simply despises her students though.  Snot nosed brats Amy often refers to them as.  To Ms. Helmer, her career is far less important than the man's.  That is to say a man's career should bring in the dough.
Amy's young adulthood was one of many silver spoons.  As the pretty girl, lots of dates, any boy she chose, and she chose a lot, although she made sure they never kissed and told.  Life was easy but never enough.  Amy wanted and still wants more, more and oh yah, more.
Currently Amy lives alone with her cat.  She likes cats because they prey on things as she does.  Amy's had boyfriends but swiftly dumps them when she has all she can get from them.  She has no hobbies other than shopping, drinking and feeding off the blood of others; that is using people and tossing them aside.  No interest at all in marriage or a real relationship, as that would intrude on her time.
Bluntly put Amy is an aggressive lion on the prowl disguised as a house cat.  Or even more bluntly stated in my words (though some may disagree, because she hides her true self so well); Amy is a consumer driven, power hungry, sociopathic, blood sucking vampire disguised as a beauty queen with sparkling eyes.
But don't take my word for it, judge for yourself:  When Amy was still just a teenybopper and jockeying for the homecoming queen designation she chose a rather harsh way to ensure her victory.  There was really only one girl running against her which was much of threat.  So Amy focused all of her negative energy towards the destruction of poor little Rebecca.  And from what I heard, Rebecca was genuinely a nice girl.
It only took Amy a few seconds to think through how to win against the equally pretty Rebecca.  Rather than expend too much time or energy winning through fair play, that is to be a quality classmate and show some true leadership to the student body, Amy went straight for the underhanded tactics.  Wrath beats effort any old day, she thought.  If you want something then you have to be willing to do any and all things to accomplish it, right.  Fair play and hard work is for suckers.  Only naïve people believe in the long hard path, when you can get to victory lane through a short cut.  Any means necessary.
As far as Amy was concerned Rebecca needed to be discredited, and in the worst possible way.  That would ensure a victory.  So with a few "naughty" favors to the football team's tailback, Joe Swenson, Amy had her plan's start well in advance of homecoming time.  
Joe would begin with an innocent request of Rebecca to attend a movie with him Saturday night.  See Amy knew through the grapevine that Rebecca had a bit of a crush on Joe and would surely say yes.  She did, and so Joe and Rebecca attended the movies, a romantic comedy as Rebecca liked.  Joe found it extremely difficult with his pea sized intellect to sit through a tear jerking chick flick, but that was the deal and if he wanted the opportunity of more favors from Amy he would need to follow through with this arduous task.  Joe definitely preferred the action flicks, one's with as many car chases, fist fights, gun battles and blood and guts as possible.  Oh yah, and as little dialogue as possible.  
Joe didn't spend much time paying attention to the movie.  Instead he let his mind wander over to memories of Amy's naughty favor.  In extreme detail as only a horny hormone driven adolescent boy can summon, Joe spent his time in glorious achievement.  As far away from the chick flick as he possibly could get in his mind, and as close to another notch on the bed post as his memory would allow.  Joe scratched off count lines on the butt of his gun like the best quick draw in the west, or even better like touchdowns scored on the football field.  He saw his youthful sexual conquests as one in the same with scoring valuable points for his team or for his ego.  Football was OK and team play was OK, but it was just a means to an end for the other ego scoring.  His coach would tell the whole team before each game:  you score on the field this evening and you will score with the ladies tonight.  Perhaps Coach Jones was being coarse and inappropriate with the young men, but there is little denying that he had a point.  Many girls love a winner, especially a winner of a violent encounter like a football game.
When Joe had exhausted his energy on memory he moved to the fantasy of the future favor promised by Amy upon her being crowned as homecoming queen.  Never to leave much to the imagination, whether it is in attire or in speech, Amy mapped out in detail what she would do for Joe if he simply followed through with her plan.  The slightest bit of conscience was easily pushed down to the depths of his soul by Amy's detailed promise.  Joe would spend the remainder of the movie deep in the joyful accomplishment of his next encounter with Amy.  He relaxed in the knowledge that she will deliver because Amy's more politician than human and she wouldn't want to get a reputation as a welsher on a promise.
Once the movie date was done Amy could engage phase two of her diabolical scheme to destroy the pretty Rebecca.  Again requiring the services of loyal Joe the football star; Joe was to inform the students with the biggest mouths in the school about his great date with Rebecca.  This would of course include falsehoods about his deflowering of the young girl in tasteless detail and macho achievement.  By insisting Joe tell Paul Weller and Kathy Arnet first, the absolute biggest mouths in school, Amy would ensure a speedy spread of the tawdry tale.  Of course Joe carried Amy's demands out to a tee, as well as the unwitting Paul and Kathy.
Now is when Amy really seized her opportunity to move in for the kill.  We know that the pride of lion's often attacks the weak or injured prey first, the ones that are most vulnerable.
Unfortunately, Rebecca's Grandfather passed away just the right amount of time after her date with Joe, as well as after the spreading of his vicious lies, or we could say Amy's lies.  The right amount of time for Amy to perform her coup de grace on the weakened Rebecca.  Amy saw this opportunity as a sign of how it must be meant to be for her to be homecoming queen.  In her twisted thinking she actually believed all the pieces fell into place for a purpose; to ensure her victory as queen, and in life overall.
Rebecca and her family had to spend quite some time away from Owensboro for the funeral arrangements and completion of her Grandfathers affairs, estate and such.  A trip to Georgia would have Rebecca far enough away to allow Amy to begin her final blow.  Not to dirty her own hands she again chose to enact the help of a friend.  Anna at least thought Amy was a friend, but Amy knew better.  Anna being a bit of a misfit with few friends jumped at the chance to please Amy and spark up a new friendship.  Anna didn't like what Amy requested but soon found herself complying for the opportunity to strike up a friendship with one of the "popular pretty people".  Of course Anna would soon find herself ignored and feeling shunned shortly after she completed her task.  After Anna had finished her job Amy had no use for her, so she tossed her aside, both from her life and from her mind.  This was easy enough for Amy.
Once the rumor was started by Anna, at the behest of Amy that is, it spread like a wildfire.  Once the student body believed Rebecca was not truly attending a Grandparents funeral but was actually instead receiving an abortion, her stock plummeted quickly.  Rebecca was certainly the last to know though, which only added to the pain.  She had virtually no chance to defend herself; hard to do from Georgia.
Upon Rebecca's return to school she couldn't understand the snickers in the hall and the frowns from the teachers.  She didn't expect a great deal of sympathy from the loss of her Grandfather but this was cruel, she thought.  A few days later she found out about the rumor, she was crushed.  Not being adept at such things, political turmoil mainly, she simply chose to draw herself into a shell and grieve silently.  Amy knew this was the best thing and anticipated it.  Without Rebecca defending herself everyone would simply believe the rumor and that would be the end of Rebecca.
And so it was.  Rebecca faded away from popularity.  No homecoming queen, no dates, no real social life for quite some time; all for Amy's goals.  Amy never felt remorse or concern for the events that Rebecca suffered.  In fact it never even crossed Amy's mind.  To Amy, Rebecca deserved what she got, serves her right for getting in her way.  How dare Rebecca even consider that she could compete with me, Amy thought.  She felt insulted about the thought of Rebecca even trying to run against her for homecoming queen.  Amy was very good at finding reasons, in her mind, for her behavior; and she was even better at moving on and never letting conscience hurt her.  She would chalk this up to a win plain and simple.  By any means necessary.
So there is Amy Helmer in a nutshell.  She's quite the handful.  At least she keeps things from getting too boring around here.
There's no doubt that Amy can be alluring but I actually hoped she wouldn't sing her siren song to David.  David seemed like a nice person, the kind Amy might choose to engage, use up and then toss to the curb.  Certainly he will catch trouble if he swims her way, but he is young and fit; maybe he can handle it.  Well, if Amy holds to her normal M.O. she will capture David.  At least things will be interesting here at The Villa, I suppose.
Ya know it always amazes me how blind young men can be.  A pretty face, curvy body, flirtatious nature and they're on the hook.  Most everyone knows the saying "a pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart", but many young men just jump in with both feet from a fifty foot drop into a shallow pool.  I'm sure they wish for the best but perhaps lust, hope or simple naiveté is often the true cause of their downfall.  David seems like a mature and intelligent guy.  Let's just hope he can see past the superficial.
Chapter 4

The day Amy and David first met was beautiful, a perfect day for pool play.  It was Amy's normal time to be by the hot tub sunning herself and enjoying her favorite tasty beverage; beer.  Saturday afternoons in Owensboro, at least at The Villa, is a time for relaxation.  This must have been David's intent as he slowly made his way down the stairs from his second floor apartment to the closest gazebo.  Book in hand, ice water and sporting some light blue swimming trunks, David appeared to be set for the afternoon.
In the early afternoon with sun shown high in the sky there is little place in the courtyard that isn't sprinkled with sunlight.  The gazebos can get fairly warm, so quick trips to the pool can keep the local bookworm cool and refreshed.
Back and forth David went several times during the afternoon.  He did notice an attractive blond in a two piece swim suit lying on a towel next to the hot tub, but being ever the polite one David watched his manners and chose not to stare, at least not for too long anyway.
Amy certainly noticed David and the new kid in town immediately sparked her interest.  He looked fit and cute she thought initially.  As the afternoon wore on Amy was sure the young man would approach her, but he didn't.  Instead he just consistently made his way back to the gazebo after each dip to slurp on his water glass and read that little book.  Amy became a bit frustrated.
It's time to take things into my own hands, thought Amy.  The next time David came out of the gazebo to make his way toward the pool she rolled over toward him to catch his attention and then used her deep blue eyes to provide a consistent alluring stare at David.  For some reason, most people can feel when someone is watching them, or especially when they are being stared at.  This case was no different.  David immediately looked into Amy's eyes.  Amy had honed her skills of the seductive stare over years of practice.  Completely non-threatening and not in the slightest bit desperate her stare drew you in with the highest of hopes.
David, being on the other end of the pool from Amy, found himself overcome.  He entered the far end of the pool and swam right up to Amy.  Pulling himself up chest high out of the pool and leaning his elbows and forearms on the cement across in front of him, David smiled at her for what seemed like minutes but was actually only several seconds.
Amy never lacking in confidence said, "Can I help you sir"?  David continued to smile a silly little smile and said, "Oh, I'm new here j-just m-moved in a little while ago and I thought I'd just say hello".  
Amy smiled at David and provided a simple "hello" in return.  Amy knew this would make the young man feel a bit uncomfortable, but she also knew from experience that a little bit of flirtatious hard to get was like a moth to a flame, irresistible to young men.
David, being a bit nervous at this point, went on to tell Amy about his move in experience.  In great detail, too much actually for a first impression, David explained how he moved in each piece of furniture, boxes and all.  He explained how the stairs made it especially difficult for him to move these things on his own.  When David was done with this little spiel he sensed a bit of boredom in Amy, he quickly realized he had been bantering for well over five minutes about nonsensical matters.  This of course only made him more nervous.
Amy enjoyed this part of first meetings.  She felt that her looks always gave her the upper hand on first impressions, and very much reveled in making the fellow sweat out her approval, if she chose to provide it at all. 
Now that David decided to take a breath from his speech, Amy sensed it was time to get things rolling.  "Well, I know your recent life story, handsome man, but I don't know your name," said Amy.  "Perhaps you'd like me to call you the pool man?"
David began to blush slightly as he realized in all his words he still had not properly introduced himself.  "David, um, David Kerr is my name," said David with a self-conscious twinge to his voice.  In fact his voice crackled a bit like a pubescent fifteen year old boy.
"Amy Helmer, pleased to meet you," said Amy while stretching out her hand to David.  David reached for Amy's hand and with only one arm stationary on the edge of the pool he slipped and fell back into the water with a splash.  This was becoming comical, David thought, as the splash landed on Amy, her towel, her romance novel and worse even; knocked her beer over.
"My, aren't we the suave one," said Amy with an inviting smile and a giggle that left David at ease.  David thought for a second and realized things couldn't get much worse regarding his first impression with this pretty girl Amy, so he decided to try to be cool about the whole thing.  
"Sorry 'bout that Amy, but you looked hot," said David.
Amy paused for a moment slowly wiping the water from her face, then breasts, stomach and upper thighs in away that could only be termed as provocative, while all the while maintaining fierce eye contact with David.  "Well you look pretty good in that swimsuit yourself, David," said Amy with a devilish smile.  
"Oh, um that's not what I meant really," said David, stammering and rethinking the whole trying to be cool thing.
"Oh I know what ya meant honey I'm just checking your sense of humor," said Amy.  This brought a nice laugh from David; and broke the ice well.  Amy always had a way of carrying conversations in any direction she wanted them to go.
"I'm going to be right back David, just need to freshen up my drink," Amy said as she began to slink back toward her apartment.  As Amy got about half way there she quickly looked back over her shoulder and said "David you want one?"  Amy was really just trying to see if David was checking out her nooks and crannies as she walked away from him.  Amy would have bet her life he was, and of course he was.  David quickly averted his eyes, not wanting to appear to be gawking at her backside, he thought.  
"No I'm good, thanks," said David.  Amy thought to herself, I'll bet you are, I'll just be you are honey.
Upon Amy's return David noticed she had two beers.  He thought to himself surely she heard me when I said I didn't want a beer.  Amy knew what she was doing; she had done this numerous times.  She was setting down the "ground rules" and expectations of the way their relationship would work.  To Amy this was an important part of her first impression, to impose her will in a nonthreatening manner but still assertive enough to get the point across.  The point being, I hear you, I know what you want, but you will do as I wish and grin and bear it.  After all I'm the leader here, the winner, the Alpha and you'll be the Omega in this relationship sweetie.  The spoils go the victor and I'll be taking the lion's share, thank you very much.
David, never wanting to be the rude one, took the beer as if he had asked for it.  "Thank you" he said with a genuine smile.  
"You're welcome ? David" Amy said with a strong inflection on his name.  Amy was keen on how to draw men in, especially young men.  She would over emphasize the use of his name.  Not just in how the name was said, but how often.  Amy would constantly repeat the man's name often with a sensual tone to her voice.  She knows men love to hear their names come from pretty girl's lips, in many different circumstances.
Taking her time to slowly lower herself, Amy slid down to sit on the edge of the pool with her legs in the water.  About as close to David's face as she could get with her thighs, she was using every bit of her physical charms at this point.  David being polite moved over slightly out of instinct more than anything else.  Amy let out a little giggle and took a large gulp from her beer.
"So how long have you lived here," asked David while politely taking a sip from his beer?  
"Oh a while now," replied Amy.  Amy often used a lack of detail in her answers.  She could have told him just over a year, which was the truth, but she has made a habit out of providing as little provable facts as possible in a conversation.  This allows her to not have to explain any of her lies.  If she's vague in her speech then it's hard to pin her down on any real facts.  This was something she observed and then internalized growing up with a lawyer father in the house.  I suppose there's nothing like having a leisurely Saturday afternoon personal conversation with someone using attorney tactics, huh?
"Are you from Owensboro, or did you mo-," asked David?  Before David could get the word move out Amy interrupted him with her answer.  
"Yah, I'm from the wonderful town of Owensboro".  Her tone was not one of praise for the little town but more of how a mechanic might talk about a twelve hour transmission job he had ahead of him; glad for the work but exhausted at the task.  "Been here my whole life, you could say I own this town," said Amy with another long pull from her beer.  David thought this as an interesting statement, but was never quick to make judgments on people.  
"Our best attribute would have to be the river," Amy continued.  "It's a good place to hang out and stuff, do you party much?"  
David, not wanting to shut Amy down with just how boring he really thought he was replied, "Well I've attended a few if I'm with the right person".  
"Oh yah," Amy replied with an inviting grin?  
"So what's it like living here at The Villa," asked David as he lowed himself up to his nose in the water just to cool off?
"It's pretty peaceful and quiet, maybe even boring up until now," replied Amy again in a provocative manner with strong emphasis on the word now.  David thought to himself, is she coming on to me?  Oh surely not.  David being a modest person was a bit blind when it came to seeing a woman's interest in him.
"There are mostly older people here so I usually get the pool to myself, thank goodness as I wouldn't want to see all those wrinkles in a bathing suit," said Amy with a cringe at the thought.  Amy was never against the inappropriate negative comment about a group of folks or the precisely placed stab at an individual either.
Amy continued, "Oh and there's this one old fart, I think his name is Frank, he's a piece or work.  Someone ought to take his crusty old ass, or ars as he pronounces it, out behind the wood shed and teach him a lesson or two if you know what I mean."  David did, but thought violence against the elderly as something he would take a pass on.  David thought to himself that there was a bit of fire in the belly of this young lady, that for such a soft and pleasing appearance she certainly had an aggressive side to her.  At this point he really didn't know the half of it.
David, wanting to see what he desired in Amy, changed the subject to form his opinion of her as he wished; so he could like her.  You know how young men tend to judge the inside based on the outside, a book by its cover so to speak.  David was blind to the signals Amy was sending; signals that could easily have told him that she's pretty but can be ruthless, so steer clear.
"So, what do you like to do for fun Amy," asked David while lifting himself back out of the water to take his elbow perch on the side of the pool again?
Ever engaging her opponent Amy replied with her standard, "Whatever you like to do, honey".  This was followed by a flirtatious bat of her eyelashes and another large gulp from her beer.
"No, really" David said in a very subordinate way, as if begging his keeper for a measly cracker to stifle his hunger.  David realized he was sounding a bit soft, but thought Amy would appreciate his interest in her likes and dislikes.  Amy on the other hand only read this as weakness.
Never wanting to divulge too much information during a first impression, Amy was reluctant to answer, but she also thought David was harmless so she would throw him a crumb to peak his interest.  What to say, oh what to say, she thought.  To tell the truth would go against her grain, so she would need to quickly decide what to tell David; something David would want to hear.
"Well I enjoy reading, I see we have that in common," said Amy while holding up her little romance novel and pointing to David's book resting in the gazebo.  David's first thought was wow some deep reading, a romance novel, but then let that impression fade.
Trying to turn the conversation back to David, rather than have to answer questions about her, Amy asked David, "what is it that you're reading today?"
David didn't want to sound condescending to Amy, comparing his more cerebral book to her tawdry romance novel; he paused for a moment to think while glaring across the courtyard.  As a tactic Amy learned from her father, Amy rarely provided an opponent the time to think about her questions.  She knew that a quick answer was usually true and a well thought out answer may be at the least vague and at the most an outright lie.
"Well, David what's the verdict," Amy said quickly to force an answer.David caught off guard took a big drink of beer and returned his eyes to her.
"This Side of Paradise by Fitzgerald," said David softly.
"Is it a good read," Amy quickly replied.
"I've just started it, how's your book," asked David trying to find out a bit more about Amy and focus the conversation in that direction?
"Yah, it's a nice soap opera and it's got a lot of funny misunderstandings and keeps the interest with plenty of messing around," replied Amy with a lift of her right eyebrow and a smirk on her face that said; I like messing around.  This was straight forward enough for even David to believe Amy was coming on to him a bit.  Pumping his ego up and sparking his interest.  Just what Amy intended.
"Well I'll have to put it on my list of books to read," David said, never intending to and leaving an obvious tell of this by not even asking for the book title.  Amy thought his feigned interest in the book at least showed a form of polite etiquette.
David, beginning to feel a bit worn down by trying to pull some knowledge from Amy's answers, along with Amy sensing this clearly; lead both David and Amy to slip into the pool for a light swim.  Slowly doggy paddling their way about the pool and chit chatting about everyday nonsense, the sun continued its deliberate path across the blue Kentucky sky.
Time wasn't slow or fast, it just moved along as Saturday afternoons often do.  From my observation perch I could see that David had gained an interest in the pretty Amy; his mannerisms where fairly obvious.  Amy, as usual, was harder to read.  In fact, I chose not to try. Just didn't really having the energy as the afternoon wore on.  Maybe more coffee would help.
As the afternoon came to a close for Amy and David and they each made their ways back to their respective apartments, I chose to reflect on the encounter.  Shortly after I was to find out that, as usual with most men on first impressions of Amy, David was genuinely interested in the young and attractive temptress.
In fact, David felt a spark.  You know that warm fuzzy feeling deep in the pit of your stomach, kind of like butterflies but in a good way.  He felt a connection deep inside, thinking maybe Amy could, or even would, be the one.  Jumping to conclusions and rushing in as young folks often do, David was letting this one time encounter dominate his thoughts and spill over into his future plans.  Not a bad place to be for a young man; on the edge of "love".  However, I had a sneaking suspicion that lust may be disguising itself, as it often does in youth, as more than just a physical attraction; promising some kind of deep intellectual or spiritual bond that may never exist, at least not from a first impression.  David had quite the quandary on his hands, but didn't see it coming, nor wished to.
I also later found out that Amy was genuinely interested in David.  She found him cute, both in appearance and in his, at times, awkward way.  Amy thought he had a polite innocence that would fit her well.  Sort of opposites attract.
Now it's not like Amy to actually take an interest in a man before she can decide what she can either get out of him or what he can do for her, but perhaps David's quiet way was a good influence on her.  Maybe Amy will begin to see there is more to human relations than just what you get out of it.  Something concerned me though.  Amy didn't appear to change her behavior and deep down she was not willing to give up her normal selfish ways.
Amy was interested though and that was a start.  David had sparked her interest and, being a girl that is a serial dater or even loose at times, that was a rare occurrence in her life.  A welcome and rare occurrence, she thought.  She even allowed David to enter her thoughts of the future, though mostly in regards to his swim trunks.

***

I must gloat a bit at this point of our tale.  While I don't claim to be a future teller or to have a crystal ball, I certainly know people from afar.  Well it's not actually that difficult, there really are only so many different kinds of folks, and as much as we all like to think of ourselves as individuals and "special"; it's amazing how predictable we can be.
Case in point, David is a nice young man.  So it's reasonable to think he would be attracted to Amy because she's, well, attractive.  This I would attribute to his youth and hormones.  The nice part of his character is what would lead me to believe that he would give her passes on her negative social attributes; oh you know like violence against the elderly jokes, abrupt sexual overtures upon first meeting, and such.  Most "nice" folks like David behave just as he did when he first met Amy.  Polite to a fault and forgiving, if not completely blind, to the other person's true and obvious negative behaviors; especially, a sweet looking individual like our little Amy Helmer.
Amy is predictable as well, even though she attempts to hide her true feelings most of the time; easier to predict than David even.  Yes, Amy may not be as easy to read, but easier to predict.  Why?  You may ask.  Well in my hobby of people watching I'm sorry to have to inform you that I've observed materially more negative and "bad" folks than the good ones like David.  So one could say I simply have more practice at observing the people with darker personalities.  Now don't get me wrong I'm not being overly pessimistic, it's not like I'm saying there is only one good person in a million.  However, if there was a fulcrum scale, you know like the one used as the scales of justice, and you placed good folks and bad folks in their respective buckets; the scale would tip in the bad direction usually.
Off the subject a bit, but it always amazes me that most people lean towards being good on their own, but lean towards bad if placed in a large group of folks.  It's like the mob mentality in a riot, I guess.  But that's a completely different issue, so I'll stick to the task at hand.
My point being, as I suspected, Amy did "catch" David, both his eye and his heart.  Only fools jump in and David did a high dive into the pool and was swimming with Amy for God's sake.  If I had the desire to interject myself into David's life, I would have really only had one thing to say to him at this point.  Good luck buddy!
Chapter 5

Now there are those days when five o'clock can't come too soon.  You know when the hours between 2:00pm and "I'm out of here" feels like the amount of time it takes to read "War and Peace"; twice!  But this was not one of those days for David.
In fact, David's day was blissful from the start.  Up at 5:30am, as usual, for a brisk morning run, his run felt like a trip through the clouds.  Not even the slightest bit of stress for David, he barely even broke a sweat.  It was one of those rare mornings where the temperature and humidity were in line perfectly to create a running environment you only dream about.  At least David dreamed about anyway.
A light breakfast and into work a few minutes early.  The day skipped by like the blink of an eye with nary a problem or hick up in getting the job done.  David, even at his youthful age, knew better than to ignore such a fine day.  He knew full well that these "perfect" easy going days rarely come about, so he cherished every minute; not sparing the smile throughout the day.
As he exited the building and made his way to his run down old automobile he felt true joy in his heart.  Searching back in his memory to try to recall a day as fine as this, he found himself sitting in his car without remembering the steps he took to get there.  Deep in his own thoughts, he pondered.  After some time, David did find a memory that was near to this great day.  And he chose to take the time there in the parking lot to recall.
Now David was, and is, a firm believer in the little things.  That is that little things really make up the joy of life; a ripe peach, a leisurely walk with your girl, a red sunrise, a blue sky, the smell of flowers, the first day of spring, and such.
The memory David chose to be as fine as this day was the one of his sixth birthday gift.   At a time in his life before he knew of the struggles of his single mother to make ends meet he had no reason to feel guilty in any way about the funds she chose to spend on this purchase.  She knew while most boys wanted a bike or a slingshot, or maybe even a BB gun, David was entranced by more intellectual and "artsy" pursuits.  She knew from the way he asked questions about music and commented about the sounds that took the lead in many pieces, exactly what David would want for his birthday.
A violin!  Young David was awestruck.  He was please beyond words.  As David looks back now he is so thankful to his mother for bringing music into his life at such a young age.  He really can't remember a time when he did not love music, or at least attempt to be part of it through play.  Beginning on the violin and later taking up the piano as well, David remembered how it was a calming force in his youth.  No matter what was going on, good or bad, music was a constant.  For David music was an outlet for creativity, a pick me up, a calming force when upset.  Music's a cure all for what ails ya, he likes to say.  Yes my sixth birthday was another fine day, David thought as he turned the key and listened to the clanking of the valves of his tired machine.
The short trip home was relaxing as well.  To think about it, every trip home in Owensboro is "short" and therefore relaxing.  Well easy on your schedule at least.  
Slowly making his way to The Villa had become a joyful activity for David.  He was fitting in fairly well, and while he had not met too many folks yet, he was happy and found Owensboro to be a quaint and inviting little town not unlike his hometown in Virginia.
Pulling into TheVilla's parking lot he thought to himself, could things get any better?  Just look there, the rare parking spot on the front row.  David didn't usually worry about how far he had to walk across a parking lot, after all he ran three or so miles each day so a few steps more weren't going to hurt him much.  But hey on a day like this, if good fortune drops in your lap you take it.  He pulled right into the front row spot with a smile and a slow relaxing deep breath.
As David was just shutting the key off, he heard several loud bangs on his driver's side window.  In fact he could even feel the concussion of whatever was hitting the glass.  As he flinched away from the window and turned his head toward the glass to see what was going on he saw an older man with white hair emphatically banging a car key on his window with extreme force.  David, for a moment anyway, was sure the glass would break; but it didn't.
David instinctively tried to calm the situation with a gentle smile, but this only led Frank to believe this young man was being sarcastic with him.  David reached down and pulled the handle on the door to slowly get out of the car.  Frank stepped back in an offensive way, that is putting his body in physical attack mode, David thought.
As David stepped to his feet and began closing the car door, Frank forcefully said, "Well aren't we the lucky one?"
David, not understanding what the man meant, replied, "I'm sorry?"
"As you should be young man," said Frank in a scolding manner.  "You're showing the lack of manners that is making this country go to hell in a hand basket.  Can I be Frank with you?"
David softly replied, "Sure".
"Christ son that was a rhetorical question," snapped Frank.  "Look here, my names Frank Whitney, Dr. Frank Whitney, retired Professor that is and I've lived here at The Villa for quite some time."
David let out an accidental, "Ooo  Kkkk," dragging the OK out as if showing a lack of understanding.
Frank didn't see this as proper and replied, "My you've got a smart mouth on you, don't you son?"
David stammered to answer with a series of well, um, and ah's.
Frank started back in, "Damn boy that was another rhetorical question, you slow or something?"
David realizing he was in a no win situation now decided to try to change the tone of the conversation by simply introducing himself.  "Hi, I'm David Kerr," David said while stretching out his hand to Frank.
Frank ignored the offer of a handshake.  "To hell with the pleasantries, son, let's git down ta buidness," said Frank with a slight snarl on his face.  David thought Frank didn't really look mean; in fact he looked more like Elmer Fudd when that wascally wabbit got away.  Yes, Frank's mannerisms were more comical in nature, and even likeable, despite the underlying anger.
"What can I help you with, Frank," said David in as polite a tone as he could muster.
Frank immediately noticed David's omission of Dr. Whitney and what he saw as the deliberate youthful insult of calling him by his first name.  This, of course, only led to more ranting by Frank.  "Oh don't get me in the red now, don't make me go to a dark place witcha," said Frank with an odd smile now and incessantly wringing his hands.
David was completely at a loss.  He had no idea what this fellow wanted so he chose just to stand there and listen.  Stand there with a perplexed look on his face, that is.
"You know exactly what you've done boy and I don't expect to see it again," said Frank now with his hands on his hips like a first grade teacher scolding a child in a schoolyard.
"Well, I'm sorry but I'm not sure what you mean, Frank," said David again as politely as he could.
"Oh, gonna play dumb then huh," snapped back Frank.
"Well I, ah ?" David tried to reply but was cut off by Frank before he could finish his sentence.
"Ok David," said Frank with a high pitched tone on the name, as if mocking him.  "You know you put your little trash pile in my parking space," continued Frank while pointing his car key to his automobile parked all the way across the parking lot.  "You kids these days; you just don't respect your elders anymore.  "It's nothing but rudeness to make me walk while young David parks in my spot on the front row."
David searching for an opportunity to simply apologize and end this fiasco of a conversation; and with pure goodwill in his heart, said "Oh, I didn't realize there were assigned spots for The Villa's tenants".  Of course Frank mistook David's honest statement for sarcasm, especially being that there are no assigned parking places for anyone.
"Ok young man, just because there's no law written about assigned parking spaces doesn't mean you should be rude about it, and take my space.  Do you know how long I've lived here, and how long I've been using that parking space," asked Frank as if he were implying he had earned his tenure as a Professor and now as a tenant of The Villa?
"Well I ?" David started to say, but was cut off by Frank.
"Would you stop interrupting me boy, I'm gonna buy you a dictionary for Christmas so you can look up the word rhetorical," said Frank with a condescending little laugh.  "Well I've lived here for quite some time and everyone knows that's my parking space, and now so do you, so in the future make sure you don't park in it".
"Understood," said David in a military way just trying to end this fruitless discussion.
"Well OK then," said Frank in a relieved tone.  "Ok then, well welcome to The Villa then, and as a welcoming gift you can leave your car in my spot this time but don't park there again," Frank said this as if he were hanging a gold medal around David's neck, as if it were the best prize anyone could receive.
"Thanks," said David in a noncommittal way, almost if asking a question.
At this point David thought, and more so hoped, that he could simply slink back to his apartment with his tail between his legs, knowing that he did wrong (he guessed), but happy to be through with it all.  David was wrong.
"Oh, now that we know each other," said Frank as if the parking spot conversation had created a friendship bond between them that would never be broken.  "I could have sworn I saw you at the pool the other day with that girly girl, Amy; Am I mistaken?"
"No," said David, not in the least bit interested in what direction this conversation would be taking.
"Well let me tell you David, that girl's a T-R-A-M-P," spouted off Frank with an obnoxious grin while spelling out each letter of the word tramp.  "I'll tell you what; you'd serve yourself well to steer clear of that little minks.  She's, oh how do you young people say, been around the block; has a lot of boys she calls friends; um, or do you kids call girls like that just plain loose," said Frank without the slightest bit of couth to him.
David's initial thought was this amount of rudeness seemed a bit odd from such a highly educated man, but then came to his senses and remembered socio-economic classes don't have a hold on polite behavior or manners.
"Well I barely know Amy, but she seemed like a fairly nice girl," said David, quickly realizing he'd just contradicted Frank.  He began to look around for a place to find cover when Frank unleashed his wrath for disagreeing with him.
"Oh already under her spell I see, and sticking up for her" replied Frank with a mixed look; one of both humor and concern.
"No, no, I just try not to judge so quickly," said David.
"So you find me judgmental young David?"  Frank then paused to see if David had a comeback.
"Well at least you've learned what a rhetorical question is now, so maybe you can learn to stay away from trouble," said Frank in what he thought was the perfect sardonic manner.  Frank could tell that David was a bit precocious and enjoyed the near peer or even playing field he'd created in his mind.  David on the other hand believed after work time was for relaxation, not play time.  But David, being ever the polite one ?
Frank continued by putting a hand on David's shoulder.  David thought as a joke; this guy moves pretty fast, he hasn't even bought me dinner yet.
"David, now this is not rhetorical, have you dated many girls?"
David's first instinct was to point out that it was none of Frank's damn business and this was getting a bit personal, especially after starting with a stupid parking assignment.  David decided to go along though as he thought it might shorten this lingering conversation.
"Well, Frank, I suppose a few along the way," David replied trying to sound experienced but realizing he really only sounded silly.
"Oh, well you sound like a regular Don Juan" Frank muttered with a hint of a laugh.  "Then you ought to be able to tell a good girl from a bad girl, a true blue from a she'll use you, so to speak."
"I suppose," replied David just wanting and waiting for Frank to finish his diatribe.
"That's not much of an affirmative answer David, so I'll just assume you're asking for some help here," said Frank believing he was truly being helpful.  David was feeling worn down now and decided just to give in to Frank here.
"Let me give you some advice on Amy, and dating woman in general".  David would bet the farm Frank hadn't had a date in longer than he himself had been on this earth.  "Women are like a flower, if you treat them well they will stay with you a while and show you beauty and color your life.  If you ignore them, or leave them out in the cold, they will wilt and die and take their beauty and grace with them and leave you empty," said Frank in an almost theatrical style, like he was performing Shakespeare on Broadway.
"Do you believe what I say son," asked Frank.  David thought it best just to agree with Frank rather than argue.
"Yes, I see your point," agreed David.
"Shit son you are gullible," snapped Frank.  David was even more perplexed now.  Frank continued.  "Woman aren't flowers they're people, just like you and I only prettier and they smell better," Frank said with humor while leaning towards David as if sniffing him.  "Life ain't simple, it ain't a flower, and it sure as hell isn't a fairytale, so grow up and steer clear of the gal's that'll rip your heart out, or you'll regret it."
David actually thought this was some sound advice.  A bit obvious, but sound just as well.  He just didn't think judging Amy on the first impression, or from this stranger and strange old man Frank, would be prudent.  He thought it worth the risk to spend a bit of time with such an attractive young thing.  Not unlike most young men would think before they'd learned the true cost of such risks.
But sometimes advice should be taken, regardless of its poor delivery.  Frank didn't make up these things about Amy; he observed them and believed them.  However, trying to talk sense to a young man with an eye for a girl is like trying to tie your shoe with one hand.  It can be done but it is tedious and you'll probably get a cramp.
To David's joy Frank chose to end the conversation abruptly with the statement, "You sure seem like a happy young man," and a slap on the back.  As David was walking away he thought he heard Frank say "I despise happy people," under his breath.
As David reached the courtyard he was sure he heard Frank mutter something strange from the parking lot where he'd left him.  Maybe Frank thought he was being "hip" when he softly spoke, "Rock on ? you horse's ass," pronounced ars.  Frank's quite a character thought David as his pace slowed across the courtyard.
David even came to a stop and leaned against one of the two gazebos as he chose to ponder his conversation with Frank.  Or his lesson from Frank, he thought, there really wasn't a lot of conversing was there?  David was torn, should he heed Frank's advice or ignore his unrequested and somewhat unwanted help.
David, being a deliberate thinker, decided to go over the pros and cons.  First in Frank's favor, he may have a point.  I did notice some of the signs of a negative personality in Amy, thought David.  But I'll be damned if I didn't notice even more in Frank.  Amy certainly seemed to know her way around a flirt.  Is that what Frank meant when he alluded to her being a tramp.  Frank didn't really allude, thought David; I doubt he's ever been subtle enough to do that.  Maybe I should buy him a dictionary so he can look up the words subtle and allude, ha ha.  OK, Frank did have a point, but how can I possibly make a decision solely off of his advice, that wouldn't be fair to Amy.
David was thinking to himself that it wouldn't be fair to Amy, but also and more so, deep down inside he was thinking it wouldn't be fair to David.  David had before him a chance at a relationship with a pretty girl vs. ignoring Frank. Not really a tough decision.
So David quickly moved on to the cons of Frank's advice, as he slowly shuffled his feet away from the gazebo and toward the bottom step of the stairs to his apartment.  Frank was a coarse and bitter old fellow, thought David.  Again David made himself a bet that Frank hadn't even had a date in many, many years.  The guys just soar about his unhappiness and he doesn't want to see anyone else happy either.  He's lonely so he wants to see other people in the same boat.
Yah, David was able to dismiss Frank's advice fairly easily.  The cons simply outweigh the pros here; it's that simple, thought David.  I suppose there's risk, but hey life is risk.
What David didn't want to admit to himself was that he is not a risk taker.  He's a thinker and for good reason.  David cares about people, he doesn't use them and he expects the same.  That expectation can cause him pain if the opposite occurs, so he tries to steer clear of bad folks and keep himself safe.  Amy's beauty and flirting blinded him to his own inner rules, or morals, you might say.  Amy had a hold on David and it seemed that hold wouldn't be broken, at least not by Frank or by David even though he should know better.
Chapter 6

In the basement of The Villa is a small and humid laundry room.  Just off the courtyard on the east side and down a narrow and somewhat steep set of cement stairs sits the bleak little room.  Now laundry is not exactly a fun project for anyone but even less so for a young man with "better things to do", thought David.  But when there's a job to be done, just do it.
Making his way from his front door and down the second floor stairs, David was half way down when he realized he had forgotten his book.  Things are already starting out well, he thought.  Back up the stairs David went to fetch his book.  Back down the stairs across the courtyard with a sad little feeling as he looked at the pool and thought, I could be swimming if I didn't have chores to do.  He quickly repressed his negative thoughts as it does no good to whine about a job to be done.  Just get it done.  He would tell himself this throughout most of his laundry days.
As David descended the stairs he was surprised at how steep they were.  He thought that odd for an apartment building, even a bit dangerous.  He was startled when he began to have concerned feelings for Frank, thinking that an older gentleman might have a hard time going up and down this steep, narrow pathway.  Well, David thought, he may not be much of a friend but he's the only guy I know in The Villa so far.  Did I actually just think him a gentleman, ha ha?
The laundry room was not what one would call an inviting locale.  The Villa is a reasonably nice place but they must have spent most of the money on the courtyard because not much went in here, thought David.  It was wall-to-wall cement and small, almost claustrophobic.  A dingy combination odor of mold and dirt along with a lack of paint on the walls made it feel more like a dungeon than a cleansing place for clothes.  Buck up, David scolded himself; laundry is a job not a walk in the park.
David, the planner, had his laundry routine down to a fine art.  With the goal of wasting no time and risking no extra effort in this tedious weekly task, David would follow his routine and keep his mind in his book.  It goes by quicker if I go through the motions physically but keep my mind on other things, he thought to himself.
First the colors; always colors first to check the water, to ensure the water is clear and dirt free.  Dirty water won't always ruin your colored clothes, but it will quickly taint your whites, so it's colors first.  David completed his beginning laundry routine and left his colored clothes to soak.  Assessing the water for a minute he did the same with his whites and as they began to soak he sat down on the one little bench in the room and opened his book with a deep sigh.  Ah, almost half way home, thought David.
It was only a few minutes of reading when David heard a faint sound coming from the top of the stairs.  His first thought was maybe Amy saw me come down here and she's coming to say hello; or maybe just to do her own laundry.  This gave David a positive upbeat feeling.  But that feeling was whisked away quickly when he wondered if possibly Frank saw him come down here and was coming to give him more advice.  Best to just relax and what will be will be.  David decided to convince himself of this in a feeble attempt at repose.
As he heard the footsteps slowly begin to descend the stairs David closed his book and sat it on his lap.  As the first foot came into sight just below the upper door frame he realized it was neither Amy nor Frank.  Sensible shoes, David thought.  An older lady's sensible shoes, not flats but not heels with good support.  The kind you could wear all day and have something left to stand in the kitchen over a stove in the evening.
As the ladies progression down the stairs continued David was to notice the remainder of the attire.  A pair of white socks pulled up about half calf but covered a bit by a long flowing dress with a nice flower pattern; not a summer dress really but nice for summer, thought David.  A little heavy set with a sturdy foundation carrying a small basket, filled to the rim, with clothes.  A time weathered but truly attractive face with medium gray hair.  David thought, not white yet, just gray.
When Miss Donna realized she would not be alone in the laundry room today she flashed a gentle and caring smile David's way along with a hearty hello.  "Why hey honey, how you doin' today," asked Miss Donna as if she were talking to one of her own grandchildren?
"Oh fine ma'am, and you," replied David with a grin in return?
"You know I'm great today hon.  It's another beautiful day here in Kentucky, it sure is," said Miss Donna, with a nice southern drawl, and really meaning it.
David's first impression of this lady was good.  He already liked her.  She seemed genuine and smart.  He felt surprisingly comfortable with her already and wondered if she thought this was the palace rather than the laundry room dungeon he was seeing.  Cheerful was the word that came to David's mind.  Yes, she sure is cheerful; a nice change from my last conversation with a Villa tenant.
Miss Donna started her entire laundry together, as she only had colored clothes David noticed.  After leaving her things to soak, she slowly turned towards David with a look someone might have when meeting an old friend they hadn't seen in years, and said "I'm Donna Amery, but everyone calls me Miss Donna".
"Hi Miss Donna, I'm David Kerr," replied David with a smile in return.  He was very interested in her way.  David thought she certainly has a grace about her; she seems to calm everything, slows all things down and brings them into her time.  She's completely likeable and friendly.
David looked around the room remembering that there was only the one bench and he was on it.  He slid over on the bench a bit as an invitation for her to join him on the hard wood seat.  Miss Donna did, in fact rather than sit all the way at the other end of the bench as some people might do; she sat right up next to David.  Now this would usually have made David feel uncomfortable; having someone he just met so close in his personal space.  But with Miss Donna he felt perfectly fine and enjoyed the company without moving over a bit.
"You know I just love laundry day," said Miss Donna while watching her laundry soak.
"Wish I could join you in that love ma'am," David quickly replied with a downtrodden tone.
"Oh you don't like laundry huh, to me it's a day to clean up things and have a fresh new start; at least for a week anyway," said Miss Donna as if it were almost a religious experience for her.
"Well, I never really thought of it like that I guess, I see your point," said David.
"Oh David, I suppose everyday things gain more importance as you get older," surmised Miss Donna.
"Well if that means things get easier, or at least laundry day gets more enjoyable with time then I'm all for it," David said with a little laugh.
"Oh it does hon.  Yah, it's the little things that matter.  I always remember it's the little things," said Miss Donna.
David thought this a good outlook to have.  He felt it somewhat matched his outlook on life.  Not being a very material person he felt he had a pretty good grasp on what the important things were in life.
"Well David, I'd like to say welcome to The Villa, I've lived here oh about fifteen years now and I do enjoy it.  I think you'll enjoy it too," said Miss Donna with a gentle smile and pleasant eye contact with David.
David turned a bit on the bench and took his book from his lap, setting it aside, and smiled a big grin at Miss Donna and said, "Why thank you Miss Donna, I believe I will too".
For about thirty more minutes small talk was the topic at hand.  From pets, the pool, the great gazebos, the sun rises in Owensboro, to the quiet evenings at The Villa; Miss Donna and David hit it off well.  They both knew they would be fast friends.  As the small talk came to an end Miss Donna couldn't help but think to herself how when she tried to talk small with Frank he would usually say, "You'll never be big time if you're a small talker".  It was nice for her to find someone who didn't mind a bit of conversation.  One day she would change that Dr. Frank, she thought.  Maybe he would be worth the effort, or maybe fixin' up the surliest tenant at The Villa was for the betterment of all.
"So David, tell me about yourself, where are you from, what brings you to Owensboro, what're your hobbies and such," said Miss Donna truly wanting to know.  David could sense this. She wasn't just waiting for her turn to talk.  Miss Donna really had an interest in him.  David appreciated this.
David provided Miss Donna with the normal generic background information provided to a new friend.  He was polite, being short and concise and not seeming to be overly concerned with dominating the conversation with himself.  David felt good about this and he hoped Miss Donna noticed it.  She did and thought David to be mature beyond his years for it.
David did slow down a bit and take some time on his hobbies though.  Love of music is less about me, he thought, and more about everyone, the world, the cosmos even.  Miss Donna grasped this entirely.
"Oh I just love music David," Miss Donna gushed with a large smile.  "Not to impose, but do you think you could play the violin for me sometime, I mean I love the piano too but there is just really something about the violin."
"Sure, what kind of music do you like," asked David?
"Well you know, people around here play the 'fiddle' rather than the violin and that means I hear a lot of country music, but I really like the classics myself," answered Miss Donna with an excited tone in her voice.  "Classical music in the morning to get you going, and in the evening to put you down for the night, it's very soothing stuff."
"I feel the same way Miss Donna," David said quietly while taking a deep breath; as if taking in the thought of a fine classical piece.
David saw eye to eye with Miss Donna on this subject and appreciated someone with his taste in music.  He didn't experience a great deal of folks while growing up in Virginia that liked the classics and didn't figure to find many in Kentucky either.  This was a pleasant surprise.
"So, Miss Donna, tell me a bit about yourself," said David leaning back against the unpainted wall and crossing his legs, as if settling in to hear a nice story.  Rather than go into great deal about her past Miss Donna chose to tell about her passion in life, her grandchildren.
Miss Donna resituated herself on the bench so she could make good eye contact with David and with a soft voice, as if telling a fairytale, she began.
"When I was a younger girl I made up my mind not to overlook things, but rather to appreciate all the little things in life.  I made my mind up that a blue sky was happiness.  You know if you want less you get more it seems.  Happiness is a state of mind anyways, not an object to be bought or sold."
"When I had my children I certainly discovered that children aren't just the future they are the here and now.  They are the spice of life.  I found such joy and love with my kids.  I couldn't imagine anything better.  I didn't ask for anything better.  When the Lord gave me grandchildren, I have four girls and three boys so far, I knew what true blessings were.  Now it's not that having grandchildren is better than having children, it's just a bit different."
"How's that Miss Donna," asked David with a growing interest in her opinions.
"Well hon," continued Miss Donna with a grin on her face.  "It's not as scary.  When you have your kids you hope you do the right things.  You hope you raise them proper, you set a good example, and you watch out for them and bring them up to be good folks.  Even on your best day as a parent you fear making mistakes, or at least I did.  So while I loved it, there was always a pause in my giddy up, kind of an uncertainty."
"I suppose you could say with grandchildren the practice is over and you're ready for the big game," said Miss Donna with a hearty laugh.  "With grandchildren it just seems more natural.  The mistakes you made with your children you've learned from and don't worry about making with the grandkids.  It's not better than raising children but the difference is that you kind of know what you're doing now.  Just don't seem to worry so much."
"I do love the grandchildren," said Miss Donna in a way that let David know she could go on for hours about them.  "The Lord can give you lots of things in this world but grandchildren have been my favorite so far."
"That's sweet," said David as he reached over and touched the back of Miss Donna's hand.  Miss Donna placed her other hand on top of his hand and said with a soft grin and a little tear in her eye, "Thanks hon".
"So how do you like the Villa so far David," asked Miss Donna feeling she had spent enough of the conversation on herself to this point?
"Oh I've really enjoyed it so far," replied David in a fairly noncommittal way, as if he had not made up his mind just yet.
"Well, give it some time," said Miss Donna with an understanding tone.  "This old place tends to grow on you with time.  I have a lot of good memories here."
"I'm sure it does.  The courtyard is very nice," said David.
"Yes, it certainly is isn't it?  The building itself isn't much to brag about, although the apartments themselves are really nice and clean, but the courtyard is something else.  I've spent many afternoons reading out there in the gazebos and of course the grandchildren love the pool for birthday parties and such," Miss Donna said with a twinkle in her eye when she mentioned her grandchildren again.
"So The Villa's been good to you over the years then," asked David?
"Oh, yes there're a lot of good folks here and it's not too boring with all the different personalities.  The rents really haven't gone up much, it's clean and they sure do take care of the courtyard."  Miss Donna was looking up at the ceiling now and smiling as if she were remembering many good days here.
"Do people come and go a lot," asked David just to keep the conversation going.
"Oh, I spose we have a few each year that move in then move out fairly quickly but actually more stay for quite some time.  That's good ya know.  Kinda makes us all like a family here at The Villa; or at least a tight nit community anyways."  Miss Donna got up and strolled over to her soaking clothes to check their progress.  She also checked David's just as a favor.  "They both look pretty well ready," she said to David while shaking her head up and down slowly.
David and Miss Donna finished up their laundry side by side, almost as if a team.  Miss Donna worked slowly so she could remain company for David while he finished up his whites.  David noticed this and appreciated it.  She sure is a kind and polite person, he thought.
With a polite nice to have met you and parting, Miss Donna and David made their way back to their respective apartments.  Miss Donna immediately felt she had made a new friend here at The Villa.  She pretty much makes friends with everyone she meets.  Miss Donna is the kind of person that if you don't like her, you probably don't like people in general.  Something Frank should really think about, I think.
As David reached his apartment he began pondering the meeting with Miss Donna.  Certainly more uplifting than his meeting with Frank earlier; Miss Donna was great.  He wondered when they would meet again as he was already ready for another conversation or even just small talk with this wise kind lady.  Yes, lady that's it.  She's a lady, that's what makes her so gracious, David thought while smiling with basket in hand just inside his front door.
Shaking his head a little to bring himself back to the here and now he made his way to the bedroom to fold and store his clothes, but could not keep his mind off of the joy of having this new, and really first, friend here at The Villa.  Why should he, he thought, it's good to have nice thoughts about folks.  It's good to be happy.
Over dinner that evening David continued to think about when he might converse with Miss Donna again.  Would they meet in the laundry room again, would they bump into each other at one of the gazebos with book in hand?  He thought a lot about what Miss Donna might read.  Being a bit of a book worm he was always interested in what others thought about books.  What they read, recommended, enjoyed or disliked.  There would be lots of new and exciting things to learn from, and about, Miss Donna.  Just getting to know her would be a good experience, he thought.
He ended the evening with a calming thought.  Miss Donna is so polite and inviting I can bump into her in the laundry room or I could simply go by her apartment to chat.  She wouldn't mind that I'm sure of it.  Yes, David had found a genuinely good person here at his new home.
Chapter 7

Following several days of the same old same old, up early, run, off to work, home, sleep and repeat; David was feeling the tinge of boredom creeping up on him.  A nice evening out on the town might just be the thing to recharge his batteries.  A tasty meal and maybe a movie sounded pretty good.
After much thought, David decided on just a leisurely dinner, possibly Italian.  Along with his planning he realized it would be a much more joyful event with some company.  He jokingly wondered to himself, maybe I should invite Frank; then thought better of it.  He considered Miss Donna, but then realized a dinner invitation might come off a little odd.  Amy, yes Amy she would be a better choice.  Sure, it will come off as a date invitation but that's OK.  After all, I'm attracted to her and she's the only one I know around here that's about my age, David thought.
So in a rare unplanned moment David simply walked out his front door and towards Amy's.  David believed planning this out would just make him nervous so why not just wing it.  As David approached Amy's door the butterflies jumped up and down, then round and round, in his stomach.  He could feel the dryness in his throat and the small bead of perspiration on his brow.  He wiped the sweat and took a deep breath, then knocked firmly.
Amy answered the door in bare feet, short shorts and a tight tank top.  Leaving little to the imagination David immediately tried not to notice that she wasn't wearing a bra.  "Well hi David," said Amy in her normal flirtatious manner of inflection on the name.  "You come by to borrow some sugar; or just to get some?"
David wasn't as surprised at her question as Amy had hoped.  David did know her a bit after their meeting at the pool and probably would have been more surprised if she didn't ask a provocative/flirty question.
"Well I was thinking just now," David chose to get right to the point.  "I'll bet you know some good places to eat in Owensboro."
"Oh yes, we have many five star restaurants in the metropolis of Owensboro," said Amy while rolling her eyes.  "Yah, there's a couple of places I like.
"Do you like Italian," asked David with a hopeful tone to his voice?
"Why Mr. Kerr are you asking me out on a date?
"Well yes, um yes ? yes I am," stammered David while finding himself looking at the ground and toeing at a little pebble like a school boy.  Amy found this cute and David was a little angry at himself for not being manlier about the situation.
"Well I'll tell you what," said Amy while stretching her arm up high on the door sill and leaning against it, crossing one leg over the other at the ankle and twisting her hair a little with her free hand. "If you come by Saturday at, oh say seven o'clock, I'll show you the best steakhouse in town."
"That sounds just fine," David said with just a hint of a southern accent.
"Ok then, David; it's a date then," said Amy while slowly beginning to close the door.  Amy knew this was not a subtle signal to shove off for now but didn't really care.  David got the point and simply turned on his right heel and made his way back toward his front door.
Well so much for Italian food, David thought to himself.  Amy sure does like to be in control.  David thinks that's not that big of a deal, as he's more laid back and just goes with the flow at times.  A girl that knows what she wants isn't all bad, he thought.  David was doing a fine job of making some fairly obvious poor behavior into positive character traits for Amy.  Oh, to be young again and to be able to get away with that.

***

With several hours of contemplation about what to wear David had finally found the perfect attire; so he thought.  Not far from his everyday casual clothes of blue jeans and white t-shirt, he decided on a dark blue polo shirt and some dark brown sneakers that looked a bit dressier than his white running shoes he normally wore.  Not to be late, but not too early either, he exited his front door at exactly 6:57pm as he estimated the walk to take between forty-five seconds and one minute, if he really went slow about it, he would arrive at a respectable time.  David had it all planned out; possibly too much so.
With a rap on the door David took a half step back and looked around a bit just trying to relax.  After about a minute, which felt like an hour to him, there was still no answer.  David saw that Amy's apartment lights were on and thought he heard a faint radio, so assuming she was home he rapped again, harder this time.  David heard Amy yell from the back of the apartment, "Just a minute".
Exactly thirty-four minutes and twenty-one seconds later, by David's count, Amy answered the door in a bath towel.  Well, two bath towels one wrapped around her head and one wrapped around her chest hanging just above her upper thigh.  Nice, thought David about the show, but then thought are we going to dinner tonight I'm starving.
"So sorry hon," said Amy with a frantic tone.  "Just been a hectic day I guess, overslept".
David thought, overslept until 7:00pm, hmm did I smell liquor on her breath from three feet away?  Well I guess it is after five o'clock.
"Well come on in and I'll be ready in a jiffy David," said Amy while spinning around and slowly slinking back to the bathroom.  She strategically glanced back to David just before entering the doorway, and yes David was watching.  Forty-five minutes later David was opening his car door for Amy.  While scarcely covered she had politely matched her attire to David's choice of casual.  Amy had a look of horror on her face when she realized this was his car.
"Umm, thanks ? I think," said Amy, getting into the passenger seat, as if making a point; a point that was understood by David right away.  No need to repeat, thought David, not many girls like my car ? but I do.
David closed the door politely and walked around the back of the car to his door.  When he reached there he realized she had not leaned over and unlocked his door.  He rapped on the window softly out of instinct really to see if she would unlock the door for him, but she must not have heard him while she was touching up her makeup in the rearview mirror.  He used his key to unlock the door and get in.
David was pleased when the car started on the first try and with nary a backfire one.  Amy told David the directions to the steakhouse and proceeded to make numerous facial expressions of disgust each time she had a look about the car.  She spent half the ride wiping her elbow off after putting it on the passenger door armrest.  Amy was used to better.  Scratch that, Amy demanded better.
"Nice car," said Amy as she stepped out in front of the Capital Steakhouse.  Again, David got the point.
It was getting late and David was starving so in they went and luckily straight to a table.  With no hesitation, and without discussion with David, Amy ordered them both whiskeys, straight up.  "Make them doubles," shouted Amy as the waiter was walking away.  Amy smiled at David and began fidgeting with a lipstick tube she had removed from her little purse.
After a couple of awkwardly silent minutes David decided to start things going; "So how's your weekend so far," David asked simply to begin some polite small talk?
"Oh just fine really, and yours David," asked Amy in return with charm and allure?
David immediately thought, now that's the Amy from the pool.  Maybe she's starting to relax after running around to get ready tonight.  "Real nice," replied David.
"Good," said Amy.  David initially thought she was referring to his real nice weekend but then realized she was watching the waiter approach the table with their drinks.
"Merci beaucoup," Amy told the waiter as she reached for her drink; near perfect diction thought David.
Before the waiter could take his fifth step from the table Amy had consumed her drink and was eyeing David's.  He thought for a second she was going to ask him if he was going to finish that.  David began with a small sip of his drink and set it aside, as he really just wanted a beer; he was driving after all.
"So what's good here," asked David then realizing that asking what's good in a steakhouse is probably a dumb question?  Amy seemed to ignore the question as if it were not a question at all, but more of a joke.  Instead Amy raised her left hand and glared across the room catching the waiter's eye as he exited the kitchen.
"Another one of these please and let's have more whiskey than water this time," Amy said to the waiter with a little slur already in her voice.  David ordered that beer he wanted.
After her second drink Amy seemed to relax, who wouldn't, and settle in to the conversation with David.  Conversing very well as they ate their meals, Amy appeared to be genuinely having a good time.  David found the conversation enjoyable and with Amy's beauty she was a fine dining companion.  Witty and funny she had David in stitches most of the evening.
The main course past and it was on to dessert.  Amy ordered the crème brulee and David had a simple bowl of vanilla ice cream and a slice of apple pie.  David thought Amy's choice apropos, as she was smoking this evening.  The desserts were fine.  In fact David was impressed by Amy's choice in restaurants as the entire meal was terrific.  It's always nice to find a steakhouse that actually knows what a medium cooked steak is.  Oh, and the stuffed baked potato was to die for.
After dessert David was on to a decaf coffee while Amy indulged in a few more drinks.  Sticking with whiskey this evening; at least she's consistent thought David.  However, consistency did not equate to predictability in Amy Helmer's personality.  She could be consistently unpredictable you could say.
When Amy excused herself to the lady's room to powder her nose, David noticed a slight list to her port side.  He laughingly thought to himself, I hope she doesn't go down like the Titanic as I really don't feel like carrying her to the car.
As David had ignored his whiskey Amy ordered for him earlier, and really only sipped on his beer through the evening, he thought it would not be inappropriate to just slide his whiskey drink over by Amy's empty glass.  When the waiter came to the table to place the next round Amy had ordered just before the trip to the restroom David whisked him away with the drink asking for him to hold onto it for now.  Whisked him away with the whiskey, David thought this a funny choice of words he used.  When Amy returned she didn't notice a thing, just started back in on the nearly full glass of whiskey.
"It's always nice to return from the loo and find a fresh drink," Amy said with a substantial English accent.  David thought, wow, she acquires and English accent after 'X' amount of drinks, interesting.  She also carries on a pretty good conversation with 'X' amount of drinks in her.
After paying the relatively large bill David escorted Amy out to the car just as the Capital Steakhouse was closing up shop for the evening.  A good evening, thought David, just what I needed.  Amy was funny, we laughed, we talked; she's so very pretty.  The evening was warm and his spirits were high.
The ride home was far more enjoyable than the ride over.  Perhaps it was the warm night air after a good meal, or more likely the numerous double whiskies, but Amy didn't seem to mind the car this trip.  With no looks of disgust or fears of dust on the passenger door armrest, Amy seemed entirely content.  David was as well.  As they pulled into The Villa parking lot David made absolutely certain not to pull into any front parking space.  In fact, he parked in the farthest parking spot away from The Villa he could find.  He thought it better to walk a few more steps than get in trouble by Frank the parking police.  He wondered if Frank might be watching from his apartment window just in case someone parked in the wrong spot.  It was a nice evening for a little stroll anyways, especially with such a pretty companion.
Walking across the parking lot David was staying decently calm.  He felt like he was in charge and cool.  He had the gumption to ask Amy Helmer out on a date, just walked right over to her apartment and she said yes.  He was relaxed and conversational during the date and he was sure she had a good time.  There was no reason to be nervous, right?  However, as David got closer and closer to Amy's apartment he felt those butterflies coming round.
It was late but I just happened to be out by the pool and I saw them come in.  My wife Elizabeth had called me real loud, but with a whisper voice, a few minutes earlier to come to bed.  "Oh, what are you doing Sammy?  Won't you just come to bed," she said suspecting I might be up to something.  She knew about my hobby of observing folks and sometimes thought it was a bit intrusive.  But what she doesn't know won't hurt ? and up the stairs Amy and David went.  David bringing up the rear, with a nice view I bet.
 As David reached the top three or four steps the butterflies turned into a whirl wind and he became a bit dizzy even.  Young men sometimes get nervous about the end of the first date.  Do you shake her hand, do you hug her like she's your little sister, do you give her a soft lip kiss, do you slip her the tongue, or do you swing for the fences and hope to get lucky.  Yah, young men often think these thoughts and get pretty darn nervous about it.  See if a girl's expectation is that you'll kiss her and you shake her hand, then she can get pretty ticked off at you.  Hell hath no fury like a ? you know the rest.  If you tick her off on the first date you have little chance for the homerun later on.  I can't be sure what was going through David's mind at the time, but when they reached Amy's apartment door he sure looked nervous.
Lucky for David, Amy has that aggressive personality, even without all the booze.  She didn't say a word just gave him this alluring stare and stepped right in.  It was very sensual, she stepped her right leg in between David's legs, sort of straddling him.  She let her right hip brush against the front of his pants, and then she slowly put one hand on his shoulder and the other on his hip.  She kissed him passionately and long, really long.  David didn't seem to mind.
David enjoyed the kiss very much; it actually calmed him down a bit.  This was a nice surprise.  David thought to himself, while the kiss was a bit messy, probably due to the excessive alcohol consumption earlier, it was still nice and he liked it.  Damn!  He almost said out loud just after the kiss.
Amy, being ever the seductress, didn't say a word she just gave him bedroom eyes and kind of smelled his chest then turned and went into her apartment closing the door and leaving David there in a daze.  He stood there for like three minutes just stunned kind of.  Amy's apartment lights didn't come on while he was there and he wondered how in her drunken state she would make it through to her bed.  People usually have their apartments memorized though, he thought, she'll be fine.  As he made his way back to his apartment a warm feeling set into his stomach and he was sure the butterflies were gone for the evening.
Chapter 8

In David's apartment there's a large mirror above the kitchen sink.  In fact, I think most of The Villa's apartments have these.  It must be because the sink doesn't have a window above it to look out of while doing the dishes and mirrors create the illusion of space, less stuffy I suppose.  I usually help Elizabeth with the dishes after dinner so I see how the mirror works.  It really does create a more open feeling to the kitchen; better than staring at the wall while doing dishes anyways.
It was the day after David's date with Amy and he was doing the dishes while occasionally looking at himself in the mirror, but more looking past himself to the reflection of the violin in the living room.  He could stare at a violin for hours, he thought.  What beauty.  The violin's beauty reminded him of a woman's beauty:  soft curves, inviting, responsive, and if touched properly would return music to your ears in the most breathtaking voice.
His eyes were busy moving from dishes to violin, but his mind was mostly occupied with remembrances of his date with Amy.  He was recharged and happy they had connected in such a way.  He felt that spark at the pool earlier, but of course, the date was more intimate.  David thought, when you ask someone to intentionally spend time with you, not like a chance meeting around a pool, and they say yes it is more; well important.  Casual friendships are one thing, you know when you have someone you always seem to meet at the same time in a coffee shop to talk about the trades or something but really never make any firm plans to do so.  If you ask and she says yes it's just better.  
It seems these days young folks go out in groups more than in pairs, but David's a bit old fashioned and likes the one-on-one date thing.  He likes the formality, and the planning I suppose, of the ask and answer, the plan to go and when/where, the preparation of what to wear to a lesser degree, the drive over and the opportunity for a connection.  He's a romantic I would say.
The next morning at 5:30am David was preparing for his run.  Again he was physically going through the motions but his mind was elsewhere.  He enjoyed thinking about Amy, it made him feel good.  Through routine and just plain habit he donned his normal running attire, jock, shorts, old white t-shirt (one he'd retired as a work undershirt), socks and running shoes.  He did all of this without really thinking about it.  As a side note, his running clothes were all pretty raggedy except for the socks and running shoes; he made sure those were fairly new and in good shape.  Runners have to care about socks and shoes I guess because they so impact the health of their feet, ankles, hips and knees.  Makes sense to me, he always had a nice pair of sneakers anyway.
David thought to himself, it's actually good to have something positive to think about while running.  It's better to let the body do the work and let the mind do its thing otherwise.  If you focus on the run and how your body feels, whether it be tired, achy or worse yet focus on some slight injury, then the run becomes more difficult and not enjoyable really.  Running is supposed to be enjoyable otherwise why bother.  If you just run and think of positive thoughts you seem to run faster and the run becomes an enjoyable event with no worries.  Amy is a good running subject, he thought.  At this moment David couldn't think of a better thing to think about.  He probably looked a bit like a madman to some.  Running at the crack of dawn, pretty darn fast for like three miles, with a big grin on his face; non-runners might think he had a screw loose.  Other folks like David, that is runners with a romantic side, might just think he was in love.  Then again they could also be thinking he just had gas I suppose, you know that kind of grimace that almost looks like a smile thing; oh never mind.
That night David was awake late, too late for a 5:30am runner.  Also, with work the following day this stressed him out a bit.  Tossing and turning trying to get to sleep was fruitless.  His mind was racing about the prospects of the wonderful little Miss Helmer.
Now I have to admit I've spent my fair share of sleepless nights over girls.  There were none more so than over my wife Elizabeth.  After our first date, first meeting even, I don't think I slept for a month.  Well, I'm exaggerating a bit but you get the point.  When you feel that spark it kind of consumes you as a man, especially as a young man.  All these emotions stir up inside you and it feels like the world has opened up and provided you with a great opportunity; corny maybe, annoying somewhat, but true nonetheless.
After two hours of staring into the dark David decided it best to just get up and do something to calm his mind.  As Mr. Planner he decided to write out a list of pros and cons of Amy as a person.  Something told me the list of pros would be longer than the list of cons at this point.  Young David had it pretty bad, pretty bad indeed.

Pros:
Attractive (beautiful)
Funny (witty)
Social (carries on a good conversation, at least with a couple of drinks in her)
Knows where to find a good meal
Seems to have it together (at least knows what she wants)
Sexy (hot, hair, face, what breasts, hips, legs, tushie, even her feet are damn sexy)

David just sat there and stared at the last line he wrote for about fifteen minutes.  Lost in those extremely detailed thoughts only a young man can muster and not have a heart attack.  He was in full lust mode.
After expending so much energy on the Amy's positives and even more energy on lustful thoughts David couldn't bring himself to the cons.  Not tonight, he thought, I have work tomorrow best just get to bed.  Convenient, how a young man only addresses the positives with a pretty girl.  David was in deep.
A couple of days later, after work, David took some time to work on a piece of music.  It was an original piece of music he scored himself.  He never really thought of himself as a composer, but something just came over him a while back on a day off from running.  He liked to take slow walks at dawn on these days.  "A Morning Stroll" is what he named the piece.  It was slow with soft and gentle bowing and more rhythmic than most classical music.  It was a bit modern, but David didn't mind, he just enjoyed the feeling it gave him to create something he actually liked.
However, on this day his work was stalled.  Writer's block you might say.  Again Amy was on his mind.  He wondered what she was doing, if she was thinking of him as he was her.  He decided to entwine his mood and thoughts into his playing, so he put down his original piece and thought about what classical piece of music reminded him most of Amy.  He settled on Vivaldi's "Spring" of "The Four Seasons", especially the first movement.
Upbeat and frolicking kind of, "Spring" had possibilities, hope of things to come with warm times ahead and summer fun on the horizon.  That's how he wanted to think of Amy, as a promise of a spring morning.  Anything is possible in spring, he thought, if you're young you get to play outside more and soon you will be out of school for the summer to play all the time.  If you're older, and have aches and pains, they subside or at least reduce in intensity.  Who doesn't like spring?  If there's someone that doesn't I don't want to meet them, thought David with a grin.  After playing the piece several times David was calm and moved his thoughts to life in general.  Not just Amy, Amy, Amy, but what he wanted to do with his life; who he wanted to be.  A beautiful young girl will make you think of the future; about your life and direction.  With David's intelligent, inquisitive and especially planning mind he could live an entire lifetime, through thought, in just several minutes.  This is an interesting ability, but can get fairly tedious when the reality doesn't match up to your dreams.  Something told me Amy wouldn't live up to the delusions of grandeur David had; but then who could I suppose.
David took a long moment to think to himself about where he is currently and where he wants to go in the near and then long-term future.  David, being a homebody, wants to create a healthy and enjoyable home life.  To him this would mean marriage in the near future.  We're not talking about tomorrow, or really even rushing into anything, but soon enough not to feel like life is passing him by.  David loves kids, so they must be in his long-term plans.  Any gal he settled down with would have to want kids too.  Two would be great, David thinks, a boy and a girl would be perfect.  He'd be willing to have more if his wife preferred but wants at least two.  He thinks the prospect of having an only child is a little depressing.  Not that there's anything wrong with only children, he's had friends that were, but it has to be a less social situation than growing up with one or more siblings.  Maybe it would even be a boring life, with no brother or sister to play with, for an only child and David wouldn't want that.  Oh, and animals too.  David would like to have a couple of dogs and maybe a cat depending.
Settling down is the important thing for David.  I've chosen not to make my work the focal point of my existence so I could have a healthy and fulfilling family life, he thought.  This is a mature outlook for such a young man.  Most men get around to this outlook but unfortunately can put their wives through a lot of difficult times being the workaholic/long hours/job first guy in the meantime.  Some men never get past this and seem to get divorced and remarried every three or four years.  That must be difficult on the kids and everyone else in those families.  David doesn't want his life to be that way.  His father was not much of a father at all, absent mainly.  David wants to do better.  He demands it of himself.  He looks forward to a time when he can live a healthy and fulfilling family life in a two parent home.  He means well and hopes that means something in the end.
You know I see the point David has about settling down.  In my youth I was quite selfish and preoccupied with my time.  I had no real desire to listen to, let alone get involved in anyone else's time.  Unfortunately this includes the first several years of my marriage to Elizabeth.  She's a doll though and she waited me out until I became more mature.  Lucky for me and thank the Lord for her.  She's really a doll I tell ya.  I'm older now and less selfish but still quite arrogant and honest to God rude at times.  I still get lost in my people watching hobby, but Elizabeth allows me a little leeway.
I do love being married though.  I don't know what I would do without my wife.  I'm one of those guys that never learned to cook or do laundry or sew or do dishes or, or, or; I could go on you know.  It's not that I think those things are a woman's job it's just that I never enjoyed them and never had to do them.  I'm kind of spoiled.  Check that, I'm damned spoiled I tell ya.  To illustrate my point about my love for and really comfort with marriage; let me tell you I can't even sleep alone anymore.  Like if my wife goes to her mother's for a couple of days, seems like I'm up all night.
The whole concept of two becoming one is nice in itself but what I really like is the way, when you're married, everything in your life has a woman's touch.  Most men I know, including yours truly, could care less about the little things around the apartment like which plants to hang from the ceiling and which to put on the window sill, which candle to burn in the bedroom to create the best calming aroma throughout the apartment (stronger in the bedroom but lingering throughout  the rest of the apartment, I guess that's why Elizabeth does it that way but who knows), what color to paint the guest bedroom, what carpet feels best on your bare feet, or what pattern of wallpaper to use in the kitchen and so on.  But boy ? you take that stuff away and we'd notice, yes us men sure would.
Life is just grander when you're married, at least for men anyways.  I like to think it is great for the woman too but who am I kidding.  No actually, I'm sure my skills at fixing stuff around the apartment, changing the oil on the auto, lifting heavy stuff and such are a big help.  I just hope Elizabeth gets as much out of it as I do 'cause I sure appreciate her.  Maybe I should tell her more often.
David, being the homebody he is, has a lot of time to himself; a lot of time to think.  It is nice to have time to really think things through and relax, but it also creates an environment where he's alone a lot.  While not needy or desperate, David does long for companionship.
I don't do so well in crowds I suppose, thinks David, but I'm good in one-on-one situations and would make a good husband, a good companion.  I have a strong work ethic, I take care of myself and I truly care about people.  Plus I love kids.  Surely there is a gal out there that sees those things as honorable and worth being around.  David often wonders if that's really how things work.  While he's mature beyond his years in many ways, he doesn't have the life experience to know all.  He's sure seen the "bad boys" that treat girls poorly get far more dates than he has and he wonders if his plight as a "nice guy" is to be alone.  Don't start that feeling sorry for yourself, David thinks, toughen up big boy.
I've noticed this about David, being a homebody and all.  I'm kind of that way a bit, but maybe not as much as David.  My wife Elizabeth often says to me "Sammy let's go out with friends sometimes," I usually agree but seldom go.  I guess I'm more of a people watcher than a party person or small talker.  Anyways, in this situation I think David's being a bit of a whiner.  I mean he doesn't know how good he has it.  Sure I love marriage and all but looking back on times when I was younger and had all that free time to do whatever I wanted to was pretty good too.  I mean you don't know what you've got till it's gone, right?  There are times in your life when you have to do certain things.  Young men need to be alone for a while, I think, to kinda find themselves.  I don't see any reason to rush into things or to see a girl like Amy as a princess just because you're ready to settle down.  I'm not completely convinced that's what David's doing at this point, but the risks are there and they're substantial.  He should take a deep breath and step back from the situation I think.  Oh, but what the hell do I know, I'll just stick to my observing; I'm good at that.  Besides a little drama around The Villa is fun.  I can be such a jerk sometimes, ha ha.

***

Indeed Amy was thinking about David; through somewhat foggy memories anyway.  More double whiskey's than I could count will do that, Amy thought.  I like going out on dates 'cause then I can afford the most expensive whiskey.  Hey, if I'm not buying than who cares about the cost?  I always know when I've had just enough whiskey for an evening; it's when I try to count my drinks and I can't remember each one individually, Amy ponders with a grin.  On my own it's the cheap stuff, Jim Beam usually, but on a date I always go for the most expensive thing they have.  Don't really care about the name 'cause hey if it's the most expensive it's got to be the best right?  Fit for the Queen that I am.  Come to think of it, I rarely have to buy my own drinks.
Amy continues on thinking to herself.  It was a good evening.  Good food, great whiskey and if I remember correctly some good conversation as well.  I know David loved the date, 'cause you know when I'm there what's not to love, she thinks with a smug flip of her hair.  But to be honest with myself I really can't remember much about the date.  I was certainly tight that's for sure, I'm lucky I didn't have a worse hangover than I did.  The big meal probably helped, that always works for me.  A big meal with a big dessert will help that hangover if you've gotten too tight.
I'm trying to think about how we even got home from the goddamn restaurant, Amy thought long and hard.  Shit I was pissed.  Oh it doesn't really matter anyways.  I had a good time and hooked another fish.  This one's so nice he lets me lead him around like nobody's business.  Hell he follows me around like a little puppy.  That will serve me well for a ?
Oh, son of a bitch, now I remember how we got home from the restaurant.  Same way we got there in that run down piece of shit.  What a pile of crap that car is.  I'dve thought twice about agreeing to go out with David if I'd a known I'd have to ride in that thing.  I mean shit, get some class for Christ's sake.  
Amy took the time to rethink each thing she found appalling about the car.  She was very good at tearing things down she didn't like.  I swear to God I thought I was gonna fall right threw the floor board and onto the ground, she thought.  I mean the thing had more rust than paint, and that's not the worst of it.  I mean the doors squeaked the seats were all cracked and the arm rest was all dusty and stuff.  When I tried to touch up my makeup in the rearview mirror the goddamn thing nearly came off in my hand.  How could anyone drive such a hunk of junk?
Amy was getting sick to her stomach just thinking about David's car, but she continued on with her little rant to herself.  I mean I had to have most of those whiskeys just to survive the embarrassment of pulling up to restaurant in that thing.  I hope no one saw me; Amy became even more upset with this thought.  I had to have the rest of the whiskeys just to be able to calm my nerves enough to suffer through the ride home in that thing.  Gross.
Amy was feeling pretty bad at this point so she decided to make herself feel better with a more positive subject.  He's a hottie though; she giggled to herself and smiled wide.  I mean I wouldn't kick him out of bed for eating crackers that is.  That reminded her of a joke her friend (if Amy even has real friends) Beth told her.  You know what's worse than little cracker crumbs in bed, Beth asked Amy ? little bits of toenails.  Now that's gross thought Amy with a little shiver; back to my little hottie David now.
He may not have a nice car and he doesn't dress very well, I mean I usually just see him around The Villa in jeans and a white t-shirt.  But, he's got a fine body; what an ass.  He's kinda short for my taste, I like 'em well over six feet, but he'll do in a pinch.  He looks like he works out a lot he's got real definition to his arms and stomach.  His legs are pretty well defined and he's got those nice brown eyes.  Big brown eyes, I wonder if he's big all over; Amy enjoyed being naughty.
He'll do for a while anyway, Amy pondered with a little sigh.  I mean guys like David are a dime a dozen.  I'll just see what he's good for, I mean I've seen his type before.  He'll play it cool in the beginning then fall in love with me and get all serious and clingy and shit.  I hate that.  Then I'll have to cut him loose and he'll cry like a little baby and I'll send him away to pine for me for a long time.  Hell guys like him continue to pine even after they seen me out with another guy, I mean grow some cojones and gain some pride would ya.  If I saw my ex out with another girl I'd make his life a living hell, I sure wouldn't want to snuggle back up with him and get back together.  I've always been good at that, Amy thought with a swelling of pride in her chest, when it's over it's over and I don't look back, I just move on; 'cause I'm tough and that's the truth.
Amy was a little surprised though when she found herself thinking good thoughts about David.  She sincerely liked him, almost anyways.
He does have a nice way about him I have to say, Amy felt a little stir in her stomach.  On the corny side he's well mannered and shy and he kisses pretty good as well.  If I remember correctly that is, I mean I was darn tipsy.
Amy thought back to the kiss and let it sweep her up in the moment.  She remembered well now.  Guys like David, shy and unassuming, love it when the girl makes the first move.  He was shocked a bit but I could tell he liked it.  I'm good at it too.  I mean the way I step in real close and brush my hip against his manhood, guys love that.  I kissed him long and hard and he kissed back soft and sweet, ha ha.  He did kiss really good though; I was getting kinda hot really.  I did the right thing though, with the quick exit.  Always leave them wanting more ya know.  Guys say they hate a tease but they don't really.  I mean they love the chase and so I stir them up and leave them hanging for a while.  They've just got to learn who's in charge.  It's kind of like house training a puppy.  Positive rewards for good behavior and rub his nose in shit if he messes up.
Amy ended her thoughts on David in her normal crass manner, but she could not escape her true feelings she pushed deep down inside.  She really likes him, he's a nice guy and she utilizes her rudeness and using of people as a defense mechanism so she doesn't get hurt.  Getting hurt was the last thing she wanted.  David scared her a little bit in that regard.
Chapter 9

Amy is a person that rarely spends energy on thought without taking some action.  She's all about the action.  So, she stepped right out her front door, marched over to David's apartment and knocked with authority.  When David didn't immediately answer she tried the door handle but it was locked.  She banged on the door again and said, in just below a yell, "Oh David dear ? you home"?
David answered the door just a moment later.  Amy immediately said, "Ok, we're going dancin' at the club this Saturday".  David noticed that she had no look of doubt on her face, as if no was not an option.  He wanted to go out with Amy again, though not really dancing as he's not much for that sort of thing, so he simply replied "sure".
"Good, it's a date then; I'll pick you up around 10:30.  I don't like getting to the club too early there's no one there until about 11:00 and you look like a jerk alone on the dance floor.  I'll drive this time, David, I'm not sure I can take another spoiling in your fine machine," Amy said with an intent stare at David with her lips lifted on one side as if about to say tsk-tsk.  Again, David got the point about his auto.
"You got some casual slacks and dancin' shoes, Oh yah and nice shirt," Amy asked but didn't wait for an answer?  "Good, see you then," said Amy as she turned and quickly left.  Always leave them wanting more she thought as she strutted back to her apartment.
David thought to himself, I thought I wore a nice shirt the last date, oh well.  He didn't have casual slacks and certainly didn't have dancing shoes.  He had his work clothes and his jeans; he never really had a need for "clubbing clothes".  So David was off to the mall and help from a nice lady in the men's clothes store.  She fitted him well with a "nice shirt", casual slacks and some uncomfortable but stylish dancing shoes.  Oh and better throw in a new pair of socks.  David paid the hefty bill and thought, I'm gonna feel damned uncomfortable in this stuff; just ain't me.
As David and Amy approached her car he was a little shocked.  He'd thought Amy would have a nice car, being so particular and all, but he didn't think she could afford such an expensive machine.  Only the best for Amy, he thought.
He didn't actually know what it was even, one of those foreign jobs he guessed.  Anyway, it was curvy, low to the ground, convertible and lipstick red; really bright red.  It looked brand new and David couldn't stop wondering how she could afford such a thing.  Best not ask, as money talk is rude.  The interior was a rich medium brown and leather throughout.  David loved it, it smelled like the inside of his little league baseball glove.  He remembered, just for a second, chewing the loose laces on that glove and wondered if these car seats tasted the same.
Amy turned the key and then pushed the starter button.  David noticed it wasn't like most cars it was like a push button start on a race car, pretty cool.  The foreign racer came to life with more of scream than a rumble.  Not loud really just different than a V8 American car.  It didn't growl it purred sort of.  David was never really into cars much but this one caught his fancy for sure.  "Nice car Amy," David said as they pulled out of The Villa.  His expression was one of a long-time fan just meeting his favorite actress.  
"I know," Amy replied as if she didn't need a reminder of what she already knew.
I'm not going to get into bashing women drivers (Elizabeth's actually a better driver than I am), but Amy drives very; very fast.  Maybe it's just the car that makes her do it, being so racy, or it's just her general demeanor but she drives fast I tell ya.  When sober she drives really well actually, when not sober (which is often behind the wheel) not so well.  Dangerous is the word I'm looking for here.
Amy took the scenic route all the way around town before heading to the club, as she didn't want to get there early.  She was serious about being fashionably late.  Screech to a halt and out of the car Amy was on the move and David was working to keep up.  As Amy approached the front door she slowed to a strut and was more brandishing her skin tight outfit than wearing it.  She didn't hold back on her club nights.  There was so little left to the imagination that a man's imagination could kick into overdrive; if you know what I mean.  It definitely had the desired effect on the room.  As Amy entered the club all heads turned.  Guys wanted to be with her and girls were jealous of her, but still knew she was hot.  David laughed to himself as he walked up close behind Amy.  Just for a second he was imagining that all the turned heads were for him.
David felt as if he were an eight year old boy tagging along with his fifteen year old sister at the mall or something.  He was with her but not really with her.  He got the vibe that Amy was more interested in the event than his company.
Amy made her way straight to the bar with David in tow.  She ordered two whiskey doubles without even looking at David, then turned and walked away leaving him there to pay the bartender.  David looked at his drink and asked if he could make an exchange for a beer?  The bartender was one of those guys that thought he was witty, "sure for an extra four dollars you can exchange that for a beer".  David looked up and saw a little sign that read "Beer $4.00".  Wow, what a deal he thought.  He paid for both the whiskeys and then added another five dollar bill for the beer.  The bartender sat a beer down more than an arm's length away from David then picked up both the whiskey and the money, rolled his eyes, muttered something that sounded like "light weight" and walked off.  He never returned with David's change, he must have considered it a tip.
David just wheeled around and assessed the room while sipping his beer.  A nice place for a small town he thought.  A little smoky though and certainly pricy.  Amy was nowhere to be found and the place was starting to get pretty crowded.  David found the only place he could with an extra chair in case Amy ever decided to join him, he really wondered if she would.  It was after about twenty awkward minutes of being alone with everyone around him drinking laughing in groups and such before Amy finally came over to David; well Amy and three of her "friends".  Two guys and girl they looked more like a double date to David.
"What the hell are ya doin' all the way over here Wall Flower" asked Amy more as an accusation than a question?
"Just watching," replied David then thinking that probably sounded a little creepy.  He noticed Amy's three friends were looking him up and down as if sizing him up.  With turned up noses and obvious dislike for his appearance, or demeanor or something, David thought this is nice.  
"Hi I'm David."  
No reply at all in fact Amy just turned her back to David to face her three friends and said "let's go get some drinks, I'll start a tab".  David's not a tight wad or anything but the thought of buying drinks for Amy and her friends turned his stomach inside out.  Polite David let it ride though and chose to hold his tongue.
They got their drinks and went to the dance floor.  After a while David got up the nerve to ask Amy to dance.  She just replied that you don't ask in a club you just do.  So David danced up to Amy, along with several other guys, and that was their dance.  David danced poorly.  After just one song he made his way over to the bar for another beer and then sat back down.  It seemed to him that Amy wanted to mingle more than to spend time, and especially dance, with him.  That's Ok, he thought, I'm more comfortable over here anyways.  However, he did note that Amy's behavior was a bit weird, or at least the whole situation made him feel weird.  He was even so bold as to think of her behavior as rude.  David rarely thought negatively of folks but this, he felt, was pretty well deserved.
Along the same vein as date number one, but even worse, Amy got toasted again.  Sticking with the expensive stuff throughout the night she put them away at a marathon pace, steady and continual.  This didn't hamper her dancing much, David noticed.  She seemed to be dancing with everyone in the place, except him.  She was definitely the life of the party.  David wondered what else he should have expected.  The prettiest girl around, she's going to bring attention and all, but Amy didn't just bring it she had an insatiable need for it.  A bottomless pit of desire to be groped over, wanted, desired, loved, etc; but not by one man, not just David, but everyone in the room men and woman alike.  David thought it was a little pathetic really.
As the night came to a close Amy made her way back over to David and slurred "Pay up hon and I'll meet you in the car".  David had the distinct feeling that if he didn't hustle she'd forget about him and leave him there.  Not in the mood for walking, he moved quickly toward the bar to pay the tab.
Who has a tab in a dance club, David thought?  She must come here often.  "Can I pay up," asked David to the same bartender he had the joy of meeting earlier?
"Oh, yah and you're gonna love it," said the bartender with a smirk like he was about to snap David on the bottom with a rolled up wet towel in a frat house.  David prepared himself for the worst and reached for his wallet.  The bill was only slightly larger than his worst fears so he chose to live with the loss.  Paying for Amy alone was expensive; her consumption rate must be legendary.  But paying for her, so called, friends as well would make shopping for groceries over the next month more of a bargain hunt than a leisurely shopping trip.
David quickly made his way out to Amy's car, only to find her there with several young men.  Each of these fellows was hitting on her in their own way and David wondered if he was going to have to fall in line to get to Amy.  Instead, Amy immediately shouted "David" as he came toward the car.  This obvious affectionate tone made the young men agitated and a couple of them slinked off to their cars.  The rest of them hung around and eyed David like what's he got that I don't got?  As they finally moved on David heard them talking negatively about his chances of keeping a girl like that or something.  Whatever, he thought.
David knew immediately he was going to be driving home.  No way was he getting in a car with Amy at her level of inebriation.  With just a small argument from Amy, she handed over the keys.  David wondered if she would be sick, but figured she was a pretty good drinker and also wouldn't want to up chuck in her pride and joy sports car.
Just as David pulled the foreign machine out of the club parking lot Amy leaned over and put her hand high on David's thigh.  David wasn't too surprised really but intrigued none the less.
"Listen hon," Amy spoke slowly.  "Don't bang up my car Ok ? I don't want it to wind-up lookin' like your smelly jalopy." Amy gave a devilish grin and patted David on the top of his head like a dog.  She then slumped back over to her side of the car and started playing with the radio dials.  David thought it would be cool not to comment on Amy's request, but she was having none of it.  "Ok," she nearly shouted.
"Got it," David said politely but wished he'd just told her to shut the hell up.  Amy wasn't bringing the best out of David at this point.  He even thought about scraping the curb going around the next corner, but realized how childish that would be.
 As they pulled into The Villa's parking lot David was just glad to be home.  He thought about pulling Amy's car up to some front parking slot. There were a couple empty he noticed. Let her have the wrath of Frank, he laughed inside.  He then thought that would be mean, so he put her car back where she was previously parked.
David walked, and Amy somewhat staggered, up to her apartment door.  She grabbed his hand as she opened the door and they went inside swiftly.  She led him to the sofa where he sat while she made her way into the kitchen without a word.  As Amy opened the cabinet David heard her say "night cap".  As usual, without asking David, she poured two double whiskeys and then added a bit more to each glass.  David watched and thought to himself, that much whiskey is more of a sedative than a "night cap".
David's nerves were a bit shot from the odd evening of sitting alone while everyone else was having a great time, so he decided not to fight Amy on the drink.  He took a large gulp and it quickly calmed his nerves.  Amy took a double large gulp.
Aggressive was the word that came to mind when David realized that Amy was on top of him.  He was lying back on the couch and she was right on top of him providing a deep kiss.  He wasn't shocked at the kiss, just the speed of her attack.  But, it kind of turned him on though.
Amy wasn't pulling any punches at this point she was going all out so David went with it.  They spent several minutes running through the bases without removing any clothes.  Amy had some serious skills, thought David, in the necking department.  She had found some pretty nice spots around his ears and neck that lit up the fireworks.  As handsie as Amy was getting David thought it would not be polite to keep his hands to himself so he made ample use of them.  Addressing every curve on the scantily clad Ms. Helmer was quite invigorating and only enhanced by the slight buzz he had from the whiskey.
Suddenly Amy hopped up off of the couch.  David leaned forward as she stood up and she had her hips directly in front of his face.  She was panting and her face was flushed a little.  She reached over and picked up her drink.  Finishing it off in a gulp she said, with a seductive smile, "I'm going to powder my nose, don't go anywhere David".  She then quickly made her way to the bathroom.  David noticed she wasn't staggering a bit now.
As she closed the bathroom door David took a deep breath and finished off his whiskey in two quick gulps.  He deduced that he would need a little calming for what she had in store upon her return.  After a few minutes of waiting he became a bit nervous and began biting his nails.  When he realized he was doing this he stopped and instead chose to flip through a magazine he saw on the coffee table to occupy his mind.  Just as he reached to do this, out of the corner of his eye, he thought he saw Amy shoot, like a muzzle flash, across the hall into her bedroom.  What's she up to, he thought?
David just sat there in shock for a moment wondering what was going on.  Was she going to come back to the living room in a little nightgown, was she just getting some make-up she left in there, hell maybe she even forgot he was there and was just going to bed; she was pretty drunk.  Well maybe she was drunk, she can sure hold her liquor, he thought.
It didn't take long for David to have an answer to his concerns.  "David honey, come back here," said Amy in a soft siren voice almost too soft to even hear from the front of the apartment.  But with David's heightened senses and arousal he could have heard a pin drop.  His heart was pounding as he made his way across the living room.  The hallway looked like the length of a football field as he took the first step into it.
Now let me tell you; David doesn't do things like this very often.  He figured Amy might be offering him something that he figured they both really wanted, but he usually didn't just jump into these things so fast.  He's a thinking young man and he knows better than to get intimately involved with girls too quick.  Complicates things and can call a halt to the start of something really good.  But David was in the on mode and he certainly wasn't thinking fully with his brain.
Hell, David thought to himself as he took one more step down the hall, it's been a very long time and she's so attractive.  I'm a nice guy and sometimes nice guys should win too.  
Funny how young men think of scoring with a pretty girl as a win; it's more like points really.  I guess.  I mean as you get older you realize that winning is a relationship.  But with all those hormones running around in a young body ? Oh I'll keep my opinions to myself for a minute.
David finished his trek down the hall and felt a little dizzy as he turned to enter Amy's bedroom.  At first he thought his eyes were deceiving him.  Amy was lying across the bed wearing nothing but a "come hither" stare.  I won't go into details but she wasn't really just lying on the bed, she was striking a pose that was so provocative as to make a grown man cry.
At this point instinct took over for David.  His head in a whirlwind of emotion and caught in the moment; nothing else mattered.  He moved to her quickly and with strength, like a Jaguar on his prey.  David took Amy in his arms and she whispered her breath into his ear, saying "tell me you want me". 
David panted back "I do".
And so they made love, more than once and with a great deal of passion and physicality.  Well David would call it that (he's such a romantic), but Amy would have another word for what they did; a word that is raunchy and doesn't include love or a long-term plan for a relationship.
It was great for David and he was certain, based on Amy's vocalizations that it was for her as well.  In fact Amy did truly feel the same way; she was impressed by his aggressive approach to the act when compared to his unassuming personality.  She was even taken aback a bit by the difference between his normal reserved demeanor and his bedroom prowess.
David stayed the night and awoke with a slight headache from the large whiskey he drank so quickly.  He was quite surprised that Amy didn't appear to have even the slightest hangover.  She certainly drank more than him and probably weighed no more than a buck o' five.  Upon waking and thinking through last evening with a sober, yet foggy mind, he felt empty and bad.  He should not have jumped in so quickly.  It was great and all and it had been so long it's not like he didn't deserve to have a physical relationship, but he felt it was too soon and might spoil things to come.  David's feelings were only reinforced by Amy's cold behavior and lack of tenderness.
Amy quickly moved from the bed to the bathroom and when she came out all she said to David was, "I'm going out for my morning coffee; you can let yourself out hon".  She didn't even smile she just said it matter-of-factly and hustled out the front door of her apartment.  Wow, thought David; that was special.
Upon returning to his apartment David felt drained, something he normally didn't feel in the morning.  It was too late for his morning run and with the little hangover headache he had he realized he probably couldn't do it anyway.  He decided to go to his bed and think about whether last night was a mistake, or not, later.
Chapter 10

David managed to keep the events of date number two with Amy out of his head for a couple of days.  But as his head cleared and he got back into his normal routine it started to creep into his mind without invite.  Work was not enough to fend off his worries of the date, nor was running, piano, violin, dishes, reading or any other of his daily activities.
He didn't want to jump to a hasty conclusion about the date so he thought it through carefully.  He attempted to go over each aspect of what he decided to term as the "club" date.  First we had the "dinner" date then we had the "club" date, he thought.  In fact as he thought through that night he made one of his wonderful pros and cons lists, again.  Unfortunately, this time the cons were tipping the scales quite a bit.  There was no denying that there was an animal attraction there.  The physical attraction and result was super, but was there more than that; David wondered?
Several times, while making his pros/cons list, he became frustrated with himself and put it down.  He felt he might just be leaning toward the negative side because he felt regret for jumping into bed so soon.  He put the list down and went for a walk, then played violin, then resigned himself that he must complete his thoughts on the subject before it drives him batty.
After more than a few agonizing hours David formed a "temporary" opinion of the situation.  He simply couldn't bring himself to draw a line on the club date with Amy yet.  He was torn in too many directions.  He had taken a big step toward the cons though, by acknowledging that Amy was quite egotistical and downright rude at times.  This was especially difficult for David to do.  He can be positive to a fault, and this can cause him to look past obvious problems and work diligently to find the good in people; even when it's not really there.  Even though he knew about this quirk in his psyche he was struggling with it.
Once he completed forming his painful "temporary" opinion of his last date with Amy, David decided to get back to daily life; chores to be done.

***

As David descended the stairs to the laundry room he felt that same old unpleasant sensation of boredom he always gets on laundry day.  However, on this day the negative feelings were quickly pushed aside when he found Miss Donna there offering a big smile.
"Hi David, how are you," welcomed Miss Donna?
"Well I'm just fine Miss Donna, and you," David replied while slowly making his way across the room?
"I'm glad we bumped into each other again, I've been wanting to ask you something," said Miss Donna with a tone of true interest and curiosity.
"What's that," replied David as he began his first load of laundry?
"Well I get up pretty early in the mornings for coffee with Cosmo and Dash; Cosmo's my kitty and Dash's my puppy dog," she said with a twinkle in her eye.  "Anyways, I couldn't help but notice that you run most mornings".
"Sure do," replied David, intrigued.
"Well I was wondering how far you run?"
"Oh, usually a 5K, umm, that's a little more than three miles," replied David with happiness in his voice.  Not many folks take an interest in his running, but he always likes to talk about it to those that do.
"You ever get lonely on those runs?"
"Oh, I guess a little sometimes, but they go by pretty quick," replied David wondering where she was going with this.
"Well Dash doesn't get as much exercise as she needs, you know living in an apartment, and I was wondering if you would ever like a companion when you run.  Believe me she won't hold you back any.  I don't mean to impose hon, so don't hesitate to say no if you don't like running with dogs," said Miss Donna with sincerity.
"That's sounds great Miss Donna, what breed is Dash?"
"Ha ha, well several," replied Miss Donna with a hearty laugh.  "She's medium sized and kind of looks like a sheep dog; I think she's got some poodle/terrier and especially border collie in her.  I think that border collie part is what makes her run so fast, she's quite the athlete."  Miss Donna sounded like she was talking about her grandchildren when referring to her puppy dog.    
Miss Donna and David had a great conversation.  Just talking small throughout the laundry process, David noticed that Miss Donna purposely stayed after her laundry was done.  She stayed until David was finished and they ascended the stairs to the courtyard together.  She let him know which apartment was hers and told him anytime he wants to run with Dash just come a knockin', no time is too early in the morning.  David agreed and left Miss Donna with a friendly good bye.
 
***

Miss Donna wasn't exaggerating a bit; Dash was quite the running partner.  Not a leash puller but she ran a little ahead of David and actually gave him the incentive to improve his times.  She was a sweet dog too.
After several 5K's with Dash, and upon returning to Miss Donna's front door just after a run, David decided to see if Miss Donna had time to chat.  She's so wise and smart, David thought; I wonder if she'd let me pick her brain about my Amy situation.  I won't go into great detail and I'll leave out the names but I'll bet she can provide some good advice.  I'll just do that whole "I've get a friend with a problem" thing, David laughed inside at this prospect.
David softly rapped on Miss Donna's door and waited patiently for her answer.  Dash just sat by his right foot and panted in anticipation, not quite as patient though.  When Miss Donna opened the door Dash began furiously wagging her tail with her entire back end, almost like dancing.
"I've just put on a pot would you like some coffee David," Miss Donna asked not just being polite but truly inviting him to be company?
"Well I usually stick with ice water after a brisk run, but I'd love to join you for a bit."
"Splendid," she replied like it was a gift from above.
Miss Donna poured her coffee and iced up David's water and the four of them sat in the kitchen occasionally glancing out the window to see how the light was coming into the courtyard.  Dash lay next to Miss Donna's chair, resting up from her morning exercise, while Cosmo strutted around rubbing up against David's legs along with the kitchen table legs.
"Dash sure does appreciate her exercise trips with you and so do I.  You're so sweet to take her with you," Miss Donna smiled.
"My pleasure, she's a real good running partner."
"She seems pretty tired, you must run fast," Miss Donna said while leaning down to pat Dash on the head.
"Oh, don't let her fool ya, she's an athlete, why she could run me into the ground if she wanted to," David said while thinking about the slight cramp in his left leg calf muscle.
"Well, she's sure more relaxed around this apartment after getting that running out of her in the morning, so thank you David."
"You're welcome, Miss Donna," David replied with a preoccupied look on his brow; furrowed a bit.
Miss Donna noticed his expression and asked what was on his mind.
"Well, Miss Donna ? I've got this friend who has a problem a-and I thought since you're so wise you could give me some advice I could pass along to him," David said with an unintentional smirk on his face.  He's no good at fibs.
"Oh I see ? wise am I ? friend you say ? does this friend possibly have a problem with a girl," Miss Donna asked with a high pitched inflection on the word friend?  She meant well but being wise she saw right through David; but she'd play along.
"Yes as a matter of fact it is a girl, but then I guess it always is about a girl isn't it," David asked but thinking he already knew the answer?
"It usually is hon ? it usually is," Miss Donna replied sounding of the wisdom only a Grandmother can possess.
"Well this friend of mine, he thinks he may have rushed in a little fast with a girl and started liking her too much too quick.  He likes many things about her, but he's starting to notice some character flaws he's not sure he can live with, or should anyway."
"Oh I see, is this a pretty girl," asked Miss Donna knowing that young men usually rush in over physical beauty more than anything else?  Lust she thought, but didn't say it to David.
"Very pretty," David replied with a little redness in his cheeks.
"Well my Grandmother always said, 'Step lightly toward kind folks and run like crazy from bad'; and I think she's right.  Those bad ones'll wear ya down."
"So you'd say go slow even without the negative character flaws," David asked getting the point?
"Oh sure, I mean you really don't know a person until they let their guard down anyways ? that takes time.  I suppose all good things take time.  Patience is difficult but necessary I'm afraid."
"Yah," said David in a noncommittal way, almost sounding defeated.  He reached down and petted Cosmo accepting a nice purr in return.
"I hope I helped your friend," Miss Donna said with a grin.
"Oh I'm sure that will help a lot, can I ask you a few more questions?"
"Sure," replied Miss Donna genuinely interested.
"Miss Donna ? can I ask you a personal question," asked David while leaning forward in his chair and placing his elbows on the table?  He looked even younger than normal when he rested his chin in his hands.
"Sure David."
"How do you know when it's right?  I mean when you've found the right person to be with?"
"Well there's no short answer to that one I suppose," replied Miss Donna with a thoughtful look.  She was searching back to her marriage and when she realized her late husband was the one.  "My late husband and I, Jack's been gone oh about fifteen years now, well we knew right away, although we still took it slow," she said with a nod of her head.  "I know that's not what happens to everyone but with Jack and me it was love at first sight.  I never had a doubt from day one."
"Wow," said David softly, realizing the sheer volume of doubt he had about Amy.
"Now that's not to say it wasn't hard work at times.  Any relationship is.  But ? the good times always outweighed the hard times and we respected each other.  That's the most important thing maybe.  I mean once the new wears off; you know the honeymoon's over, you have to live with each other and all your quirks.  If you don't like, not just love but like, the other person and respect their point of view it just won't work.  Opposites may attract but that's one sure thing you have to have in common ? respect.  I guess, David, it's different for everyone in the way it happens but I reckon the feelings are pretty much the same.  Love is a universal human trait; a blessing from the Lord."  Miss Donna looked out the window as if remembering the best parts of her time with her husband.
"I see," said David without fully understanding.  He thought this is possibly one of those things you have to experience to get.  He wasn't feeling those things now with Amy and wondered if there was hope for a change.
"Do you think people can move past rudeness and selfishness with time, you know as they grow up a bit," asked David seeming to search for positive reinforcement to wait Amy out.  Deep inside he knew better though.
Miss Donna got up and went over to the coffee pot to pour another cup.  "Your water need refreshing David"?
"No ma'am, I'm fine thanks," replied David as he noticed Dash intently watching Miss Donna's every move.
As Miss Donna sat back down she let out a deep breath.  "Well I think if someone makes up their own mind to change they surely can.  I guess the problem is people seldom do that.  More so than that even, I don't believe a person's core being, or beliefs, change over time; we learn our values, morals and ethics, at an early age.  After that we are committed to them whether we like it or not.  A kind person couldn't become entirely evil if they tried, well at least not in my opinion.  And ? there are some people in this world that are genuinely bad and selfish; they seem to stay that way.  Example ? take that Frank, you've met Frank right?"
"Oh yes," replied David with a little laugh and role of his eyes.
"Well Frank's just playing bad he's not really.  He's really a sweet heart you can kinda tell that right," asked Miss Donna knowing the answer?
"Yes, yes you really can I suppose," replied David like he had an epiphany.
"I guess that's my point, who you are is who you are ? well, is who you are.  Changing what you do or how you act can be done, but changing who you are is a different story all together.  In the long run, like marriage, you're not just marrying a person's actions but who they are at the core level.  When you find a good person at the core, the one that's right for you ? you'll know it."  "Oh, I mean your friend will know it," said Miss Donna with a polite smile.
"My advice would be to follow your heart while you listen to your mind hon," said Miss Donna with the most thoughtful tone in her voice.  "If you have to ask such questions then you already know the answers.  Not to be too forward but ? sometimes we just don't want to face those answers."  She thought maybe she was a little rude with the last part of her help to David, or his friend, but she likes David and truly wanted to help, so she kind of went out on a limb a bit.
"You're very wise Miss Donna," said David while looking right into her eyes.  He was impressed and appreciative of her thoughts.  "I'll pass your advice onto my friend."  With this both David and Miss Donna had a hearty laugh and Dash joined in with a playful bark.
"Well I better be getting home now," said David as he got up from the table and started toward the door.  Miss Donna followed him with Dash and Cosmo nipping at her heals (not literally).  David thought to himself that Cosmo was the doggie-est acting cat he'd seen.
"Well now David you take care and drop by anytime, I really enjoyed our talk."  Miss Donna really meant it and David could tell.
"Ok I will, thank you," replied David as he said goodbye to Dash and Cosmo with a petting from each hand.
The two more steps to the door felt like a time warp for him.  He was frozen in time for what felt like an eternity.  Thinking hard about the advice and the Amy situation he was rerunning over everything in a split second.  I think I know my way now, but I'll save my final decision for a little later, he thought as he exited Miss Donna's front door and closed it behind him.
Chapter 11

David hadn't take two steps from Miss Donna's door when he saw Frank approaching him.  While he wasn't ready to make his final decision on the Amy issue, saving that for later, he would have enjoyed having a little peace between now and then.  No such luck.  Frank had a B-line on David and was increasing speed with every step.  David's first thought was to turn and run.  Not that he feared Frank; just that well Frank annoyed him.  He hadn't known the man very long at all and he already annoyed him.  That's not very nice I guess, thought David.
David decided he had already had his run this morning so he would put on his best good morning smile and try to walk past Frank as if he was in a hurry, which he kind of was.  David's swift meaningful steps, upright posture, smile and glance at his watch didn't deter Frank a bit.  As they came closer and closer David said:  "Good morning Frank", with a smile.  He was hoping beyond hope that this would be the beginning and the end of this conversation with Frank.  Not to be.
"Says who ? YOU," replied Frank stopping directly in front of David so he could not possibly pass?  Frank waited a moment while David just stood there with the same good morning smile on his face.  "I see you're still in dire need of that dictionary son ? that wasn't a rhetorical question."
"Well it's been a nice morning for me, how's yours," asked David then realizing he'd just opened the conversation up to Frank?  He settled in for a nice tongue lashing.  I'll take it like a man, he thought but his expression now said otherwise.
"Well, I'd be a happy go lucky guy if my Wendy were still here, but that hateful old man upstairs took her so soon," said Frank with a scowl on his face.  David thought this a bit too personal a conversation for a nice morning pass by.
  "You mean the Apartment Manager," David said trying to be funny but realizing it was the wrong time?  
"Yah the Apartment Manager that lives on the second floor; you dummy.  I sure hope you never lose someone close and then a young boy makes jokes about it," said Frank sounding truly disturbed by the comment.
"Oh, I'm sorry I didn't mean any harm," replied David doing that 'I'm embarrassed' thing he does with his toe and a pebble on the ground.
"Sure, you can't help yourself.  You're just an inconsiderate youth."  Frank didn't see that as an insult in the slightest, and David just took his lumps.
"You been out running or something boy, what's with that getup"?  David kind of looked down at his shorts and shoes.
"Yah, I went for a jog with Miss Donna's dog.  She's really ?" David didn't get a chance to finish as he was interrupted.
"I thought so, I can smell you from here," Frank said loudly with a turned up nose.
"Well, I was just about to go take a shower," quickly replied David with a tad of embarrassment in his voice.
"Good thinking son, I mean Jesus"!  Frank was showing his normal level of tact.  David was actually hoping his aroma may speed the conversation along so he took a half step toward Frank to provide an incentive.  Frank didn't play along as he took a half step back and grinned.
"You been gettin' along Ok so far here," Frank asked almost sounding concerned for David's welfare?
"Sure ? I mean yah; I've been getting acclimated to The Villa."  David remembered what Miss Donna had said about how Frank was really nice; just acting, or faking, being a mean person.  David could see this in him clearly now.  He caught a bit of it in the parking lot earlier but now it was as clear as day.
"Acclimated ? such a big word for such a little boy," replied Frank as if mocking David.  Frank was doing a good job of "acting" mean again.
"I suppose," replied David softly.
"Speak up son."
"Y-yes ? I'm enjoying living here, lots of nice people, the courtyard is great, the weathers been kind (unlike Frank, David thought to himself), I've found a good running route in town and things are good."  David found himself praying this answer would suffice.
"Well good for you David," Frank said but wasn't too convincing.  "You been visiting that Miss Donna?"  Frank had a way of turning people into objects; that Miss Donna, those brats, that girl.    
"Yah, I was returning Dash, her d-- ?" 
"I know Dash is her dog boy, I've lived here a long time now," Frank interrupted.
"Well I was returning Dash and then she gave me some good advice".
"Advice," questioned Frank with sarcasm in his tone?  "Probably on that little harlot you been dating ? that Amy girl."  Wow, thought David, that is very rude; surely he knows a synonym for harlot is prostitute.
"Goodness Frank," replied David with shock in his voice.
"Oh, grow up boy I'm just yankin' your chain," replied Frank with a slap on David's shoulder, then he pulled his hand back quickly realizing he had just touched the "stinky" shirt permeated with dried sweat. "All I'm saying is that little Ms. Helmer is trouble with a capital T.  That's all.  
"Besides I don't know if Miss Donna is the best person to be getting advice from anyways."
Oh yah and I suppose you'd be better, thought David, but didn't dare say it.  "Oh really," said David smartly like a rhetorical question.
"Just cause Miss Donna's ? well kinda pretty and such doesn't make her a know it all.  Sure she has a sweet way about her but that don't make her goddamn Confucius," Frank said with a higher pitched tone in his voice than normal.  David noticed that Frank was putting down Miss Donna at the same time he was praising her appearance and demeanor.  Funny way to dislike someone he thought; Frank loves Miss Donna, Frank and Miss Donna sittin' in a tree ? David was singing little schoolyard songs in his head.  What's the use in being young if you don't act it sometimes, David thought?
He tried to set the conversation in the right direction by only addressing the positive parts of Frank's last statement.  "Yes I agree ? Miss Donna is quite pretty and has a very nice way about her ? she's kind," David inflected strongly on the word kind knowing Frank would get his point that Frank is not kind.
"Yah, I suppose," said Frank while looking up at the sky.  David was shocked with Frank's ease of agreement.  David realized there really were feelings there for Miss Donna.  He remembered back to when Miss Donna brought up Frank as really being nice.  I think they both like each other, thought David.  I wonder if either knows how the other feels.
"You ever tell Miss Donna how you feel," asked David quickly before he lost his nerve?
"What!  Oh no, why would I ? let's focus in on your issues for a minute rather than worry 'bout mine son," snapped Frank.  David realized he'd embarrassed Frank a bit.
"Let's get back to this little Amy chick you've been running about with; she's quite a mess I tell ya," said Frank with a smug tone.
"I'm not sure I know her very we--?," as usual with Frank, David wasn't allowed to complete his thought.
"I tell you boy she's a love'em and leave'em type if I even seen one; and I don't mean lovin' with the heart if you know what I mean."
"Well," said David.
"What," asked Frank with an annoyed smirk on his face?
"Well ? I was just trying to say I'm not sure I know her very well," replied David with a slow cadence to his voice.  Let's just slow things down a bit, he thought.
"I know what you were saying before, you don't have to repeat yourself to me I hear just fine son.  Just 'cause you don't know her very well doesn't make her any better of a person.  You get my point David?"  With his last statement Frank changed his tone completely and seemed to be truly trying to help David stay out of a damaging situation with Amy Helmer.  David recognized this and appreciated it.  In fact, deep down David agreed with Frank; just not in such coarse terms.  However, David was reluctant to feed into Frank's negativity; didn't want to spur him on so to speak.  So, David chose to listen quietly instead.
"That girl will just pull you in then break your heart, I've seen it time and time again," Frank continued.  "She's a run around I tell ya; a run around.  Are you hearing me David?"  David noticed that when Frank was being sincere he would not call him boy or son but usually called him by his name.  Maybe this is Frank's way of making a more personal connection, David thought.  Or maybe it means nothing at all; Frank's a complicated fellow when you get down to it.  There's definitely more to him than his complaining.  Underneath there's a real affable side and caring too ? I think ? I hope.
"Yes, Frank I hear you and I appreciate your advice," said David with that tone that a person has when they are calling an end to a conversation.  Frank had a bit more to talk about though.
"Well now that we've got that out of the way have you noticed ?," Frank went into several agonizing minutes of complaining about every day things around The Villa.  Rambling is really what he was doing.  He began with his favorite pet peeve, the parking spots.  David felt himself become drowsy at this point.  Then Frank moved into too many leaves in the pool, too much dust on the gazebos, the steep steps leading down to the laundry room and continued on with his opinion about the general condition, upkeep being done, to The Villa.

***

It was just about then that I had the pleasure of bumping into David and Frank.  I let Elizabeth know I was running out to Johnson's store and would be right back.  I exited my front door and there they were.  "Good morning," I said trying to slowly pass.  Don't make eye contact with Frank or he'll pull you in, I thought.  I could tell Frank was pretty heated about his opinion of the general upkeep of The Villa.  His tone was obvious.
"What do you think Sammy, don't you agree," said Frank with his Professor type leading question?  Frank has this way of asking you a question then leading you to the answer by saying things like "don't you agree".  He really doesn't want a true answer just reinforcement for his own opinion.  Professor Frank had a madman's skill at this type of manipulation.  I thought to myself, it may work on pimply faced college freshman but not on me buddy.
"I'm sorry Frank I don't have time today ? late for an appointment."  I was a bit rude but not obnoxious, I thought, as I made my way to the car.  I just hoped like hell they weren't still standing there when I came back.
As I drove toward Johnson's Hardware, to get some finishing nails, I gloated a little about my ability, my skill, to side step Frank and get out of there.  This was something David hadn't been able to accomplish yet.  The more I thought about it though the more I realized it was less about the skill and more about the tact.  David's a much more cordial person than I.  He's very much locked into social situations and other people's feelings.  I sometimes wish I had these qualities, as I can be quite cold at times.  I'm not that way with Elizabeth, but with other folks I simply am.  I don't think this makes me a bad person, just someone that is less inclined to be the life of the party.  Also, someone that is less likely to be, well, "liked" by the masses.  I've never really wanted to be that person that practically everyone likes; to me those people are fake.  I mean if everyone likes you, you must be lying right?  You must just be telling most people everything they want to hear.  God knows not everything is perfect.  I get worked up about these things sometimes.
Now, I'm not saying David is the kind of person that wants to be friends with everybody, but he seems borderline here.  My take on this is if everyone is your "friend" then you really have none.  I mean I think it's better to have a few close friends than a bunch of acquaintances that you refer to as "friend", but you're not really that close to them.  I don't know maybe I'm just jealous of David's ability to work those social situations better than I can.  How he can stand there and listen to Frank go on and on I'll never know.  I think David has a lot of empathy.  That's something that is good about him, I suppose.  My lack of empathy might make me come off as arrogant or cold at times but what are ya gonna do?  I yam what I yam and that's all that I yam!
Frank can ramble on, that's for sure.  However, he may have had a point about the steps leading down to the laundry room.  They are fairly steep and I wouldn't want to travel up and down them at his age.  Hell, it would be hard enough for me to go up and down them at my age.  That is if I ever had a reason to, Elizabeth does all the laundry at my castle.  Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever descended those stairs.  Oh well, buck up Frankie ole' boy.

***

To my delight, before I returned from the hardware store, David managed to pull himself free from Frank's firm grasp and walk the short distance back to his apartment for a much needed shower.  He felt a little empty inside about the whole Amy situation, but he was glad to have more input on his decision.  He hadn't fully decided about Frank's input yet but he was certainly glad for Miss Donna's advice.  Frank's probably right though, thought David just as he exited the shower and reached for his towel.
As he wiped the fog from the mirror and looked directly into his own eyes he ran over the circumstances of his three meetings with Amy.  Slowly he remembered the pool, the dinner, the club; he had dripped dry by the time he snapped back to reality.
Miss Donna is a nice person, David thought.  Frank's nice deep down, but well, not so nice on the surface; but that doesn't make him wrong about Amy and I have to say he's probably right.
The decision was made.  Now David would just have to fully break it to himself, then he can work up the nerve to break it to Amy, if she'll even care.  David doubted that Amy cared that much about him really, beyond his usefulness in supplying expensive whiskey to her and her friends.  If he was right about her then the ending of the "Amy situation" would be fairly easy.  If he was wrong then he will probably know right away.  Tears are hard to deal with for David.
If Amy starts crying when I tell her we need to, well not see each other, then I don't know what I'll do, thought David.  Not being remotely ready to deal with the risk of crying from such pretty eyes, David decided to put off the final ending for a while; procrastination, yet another available fruit for the young.
Chapter 12

About a week after David's last date with little Miss Helmer I was perched at my kitchen window watching the world go by when I noticed an intriguing young lady moving in.  She had a walk of confidence but not arrogance and a way about her that said, I'm new here but I'm making this home.
Appearance wise she did look like a Jennifer, to me anyways.  That's what I was later to find out her name is, Jennifer Holmes.  Not Jen or Jenny mind you; Jennifer.  You know how Jen and Jenny's tend to look a certain way and have certain personality traits that Jennifer's don't.  Jennifer's are different, more special I think.  Oh, I'm rambling.
Let me start again.  Appearance wise she was brunette and average height I think.  In her early twenties she did not appear to have put on what some refer to as the college pounds.  She's very thin and fit looking, in fact Olive Oil came to mind at first, but she's more athletic looking than that really.  I try not to stare as Elizabeth wouldn't appreciate that.
Jennifer's a real "classic" beauty.  Far different than Amy I think.  Amy puts it out there for all to see.  Now most pretty girls know they're pretty and I'm sure both Amy and Jennifer know they're both attractive.  But ? it's one thing to know it and quite another to flaunt it.  Amy does flaunt, Jennifer does not; simple as that.  Jennifer seems more reserved and therefore, to me anyway, shows more class.  I guess I'm comparing the two because they are close in age, beautiful and the most exciting tenants at The Villa.  Don't tell Elizabeth I told you that though.
Yes, Jennifer seems like a classy girl.  She's more French than German say, in appearance, or maybe there's some Italian or Greek in there I really can't tell.  Funny how simple beauty can make a man ponder these things.  Elizabeth had me pondering these things when I first saw her.  I now know the answers to her puzzles and love her even more.  I rarely let her catch me having a wondering eye and there's no harm in looking ? right?  Well moving on.
Unlike David's move in, Jennifer's move in process seemed quite relaxed.  While David chose, or maybe he had no choice I suppose, to do all the work himself; Jennifer had a moving crew.  Three large men that looked like retired professional wrestlers or something.  They were quite efficient from what I could tell.  The big stuff looked like feathers to them.  Jennifer was smart to go the moving crew route.
While she had the movers move the big stuff she apparently still chose to keep the "important" things for herself.  For her move she chose a modest pair of blue jeans, old looking running shoes and a white t-shirt.  This getup immediately reminded me of David's casual attire.  I also noticed that each time she made a trip back to her car she would politely smile and say hello or something to the movers.  I even noticed her offer them something to drink.  She's very polite.
Anyway, her important items were fairly normal for a girly girl.  Clothes, I couldn't actually tell what kind because they were all bagged up but there was a lot.  Most girls have a lot of clothes, I know Elizabeth sure does.  And shoes, holy shit, I stopped counting when I reached eleven boxes of shoes.  Wow!
There was a makeup case in her "important stuff", a huge bunch of hand bags or purses (not as many as the shoes but close).  There were a couple of paintings, couldn't really tell from this distance what they were but they looked like landscapes and maybe one of a bird or eagle.  On one trip, I think she carried in a jewelry box in one hand and a very small safe in the other.  
There were many other trips back and forth for Jennifer, almost as many as David did in his move, but hers didn't include any heavy lifting really.  The rest of her trips included your normal girly stuff.  I won't go into all the details 'cause I'm sure you know what girls have in their apartments.  Two of everything right?  No I'm only joking; Jennifer seemed fairly reserved in her purchases really; for a girl, except for those damn shoes and handbags.  I suppose that's normal though.  Boy I can be judgmental sometimes.  Well, I digress.
Jennifer took her time to set up her apartment.  Everything had to be in the right place as well as be stylish.  She's not overly picky in this way, but she figures she's going to be staying a while at The Villa so she might as well be comfortable.
After getting the bedding set up and a few bathroom items situated it was on to the kitchen.  The kitchen is the most important room in the apartment for Jennifer.  She's not a big eater.  How could she be and stay so thin, but she's a good eater.  That is, she eats good food and enjoys spending time cooking healthy meals for herself and her friends.  All of her pots and pans and such were in boxes but the movers placed them, appropriately, near their final resting place.  So with ease she filled the cupboards and drawers with all her cookware.  She tastefully hung several little knickknacks, wooden spoons, little knives and other things above the sink; topped off with a "Kiss the Cook" sign made out of wood scrap, news paper letters and varnish.  Her little brother gave her this when she started cooking; he was just a five year old kindergarten tot.  Jennifer smiles when she looks at that old piece of wood.
After the kitchen it was on to the living room.  Set up for company, Jennifer had all the chairs, as well as the sofa, facing inwards toward the center of the room.  This, she thought, will allow visitors to converse in an appropriate manner.  She often fancied little parties with tea and cookies like in the books she'd read.  Parties with heady discussions and numerous misunderstandings, along with a few light arguments; Jennifer enjoyed the civility of such things.
On to her bedroom where she did nothing but rest; no reading, no television, but a nice chest of drawers, vanity with extra large mirror, a small love seat, two night stands and lamps, etc.  It was a tight fit but these expensive things all matched perfectly and showed good taste; she liked that.
Jennifer moved to Owensboro from a slightly smaller town out in eastern Kentucky, I can't recall the name offhand.  Well that was her hometown anyways; she went to college somewhere back east I believe.  Library science was her major.  She was to be the new Reference Librarian at Daviess County Public Library.  Not the head Librarian, someone told me, but the one that helps you find things.  She would be the "helpful" Librarian.  It enters my mind that Jennifer kind of looks like a Librarian; well, a hot one anyway.  But again, I think in a classy sort of way.
This reminded me of David; the bookworm.  Books might be yet another thing Jennifer and David would have in common, well beyond their idea of what makes up casual attire anyway.  If they didn't run into each other here at The Villa then they are bound to acquaint themselves down at Daviess.  As much as David frequents that library it's a safe bet I'd say.  Well, but then again, maybe not.  David is such a library rat that he probably knows where everything is and will have no need for reference help.  He could use some help in the opposite sex department but he's got that library thing pinned down.  Well, The Villa is not a large place so I'm sure they'll see each other around here.
I can just picture their first meeting.  They're not exactly alike but I'd say they are pretty similar and would think they would notice it.  However, young men don't often notice the subtle personality traits upon first meetings.  They tend to stick to the physical.  And "classy" young ladies tend to keep a healthy skepticism about the intent of young men upon first meetings.  So unless someone or something brings them together they may never have a shot.  Goodness, why am I rambling about this, I'm not the matchmaker in my household; that's Elizabeth's job.  But something still tells me that Jennifer and David would make a far better couple than Amy and David.  Remember, I'm good at deducing these things from afar.  I'm modest too.
Now is a good a time as any to let you know about some of the things I later came to discover about Jennifer.  She's more of a puppy person than a cat person, but still likes cats.  She always meets a frown with a smile.  She believes in being true to all not just herself.  She has this saying she sort of lives by:  "I love because.  I hate no one but dislike some."  Pretty heady stuff huh?
Jennifer is a Christian and attends church occasionally but not regularly as she finds hypocrisy especially difficult to understand and completely uncivilized.  She can still recall her first day in church.  While sitting near the back the only conversations she could make out were this rude back and forth between the women about the tattered dresses of the several poor ladies that passed by.  Jennifer was awestruck at how coarse these "church goers" could be.  She felt it took a bit of her youth away to know this about church people.  Before that day she had always seen them as dedicated and against sin; but after she saw them as social climbers and politicians more than dedicated people to the Lord and fellow man.  Perhaps she was judging too harshly ? she didn't think so.
Jennifer, being young and never married, of course has no children.  However, she certainly adores them and would like her future family to include two to four kids, hopefully at least one of each gender but will be happy with what she gets.  She's in no particular hurry as she will wait until she finds that special someone.  Clocks not ticking too loudly yet but the hourly chime can be heard, that's for sure.
Jennifer drinks socially sometimes, but never to excess; she just doesn't care for it.  A party is nice to Jennifer but not a rowdy one, a more civilized get together is her cup of tea.  In fact tea and cookies is her dream party, she even sets up her front room for this as I mentioned before.
Jennifer is very positive, because she chooses to believe in herself and others.  She's been able to compartmentalize her feelings towards "church goers" over the years, but I think she hasn't completely moved past it.  Now she's not deluded about reality.  She knows there are negatives in this world.  She just chooses to focus on the positives.  Goes back to one of her mottos, she loves just because.  She's good at not hating people and she forgives and forgets easily.  This is a rare trait for a young lady ? in my experience, very rare indeed.
Jennifer is not completely, but fairly typical for a small town Kentucky girl.  That is one of well above average intelligence anyway.  A pinch of country a tad of city, make that small town, she's quite eclectic in most things.  Two parent non-divorced family with one older brother.  She was active in band and school groups, even the science club.  Her high intelligence was nurtured from an early age by her caring parents.  She was a lucky child with a protective mentor type older brother, rather than the bully type some of us wind up with.
Just as a side note isn't it sad that in this day and age we have to refer to families as two parent, divorced, or non-divorced and such?  It's just not a given anymore when you say family what it means.  Kind of makes me sad.  Do you think this is a sign of the breakdown of our society?  Rhetorical question, as Frank would say.  Oh well, life goes on.
As I mentioned before Jennifer's major was Library Science, so she's got that Bachelor's degree.  Someday she hopes to go back for a Masters and who knows maybe even a Ph.D.   She certainly has the brains for it.  Family may come first though she thinks; that's more important than getting a bunch of letters after your name.
Small town life can be a bit tedious for the easily bored.  This is not Jennifer as she could always find something to spark her interest.  Usually in a book, as she was far more brainiac than jock growing up.  Jennifer is all girl; a real girly girl.  If there is actually such a thing as a man's man then Jennifer is a girl's girl, if you know what I mean.  Even though she loves to jog, been doing so since about fourteen, she's not at all a tomboy.
Something I really find interesting about Jennifer is the way she watches her worst of the seven deadly sins.  She doesn't attend church much, as I've mentioned, but she's still focused on her spirituality.  She tries to live right, as God would want her to.  What she does is assess her worst sin, in her own opinion, of the seven deadly sins.  By the way hers is gluttony.  You wouldn't know it by seeing how thin she is, but actually what she does is cover it up sort of.  That's not really the right way to put it, she more compensates for it by making sure she eats healthy, and with proper portions, as well as jogs.  Such a focus isn't that common in any young person, male or female.  Also, I think we all cover up our sins in a way.  It's just that most people only cover them up in their minds, not through actions.  What I don't know won't hurt me, oh here I am rambling again.
Early on, even from the little things, I could tell David and Jennifer had a lot in common.  Not to gloat again but ? well as I've mentioned I'm good at these observations from a distance.  I wouldn't say I was necessarily impressed with these commonalities as they are both laid back and appear to lead an utterly civilized, if almost regimented existence.  Boring is the word that comes to mind.  But as you get older boring and predictable can become calm and dependable, pretty good traits for an adult in a long-term relationship.  Maturity at even a young age has its merits.  It's too bad most people don't recognize this and reward it early on so it will grow.  God knows there are folks that never mature.

***

Jennifer's first day at Daviess County Public Library was as you would expect in a library; quiet and enriching.  The library is only about two and a half minutes from The Villa so the commute was nothing to speak of except to think how great it is to have no traffic in a small town.  If the city folk knew how great small town life really is then they'd all move there.  I guess that wouldn't make them small towns then though, duh.  Anyway, where was I, oh yah Jennifer met with her supervisor, Head Librarian Mrs. Ella James, a nice if somewhat cold lady with white hair and spectacles on a chain that would hang around her neck when she wasn't reading.  Mrs. James, as she like to be called, smelled a bit too strongly of perfume and wore long dresses and heels that over emphasized her already imposing stature.  Authoritarian in nature she appreciated social graces and etiquette.  Both of which Jennifer Holmes had in spades.  Mrs. James appreciated this and liked Jennifer immediately.  Interviews are one thing, Mrs. James thought, but working together is another and I'm sure Jennifer will follow my instructions smartly.
After meeting with the six foot one inch, in heels, Ella James, Jennifer was off to the reference area to begin her training.  Being trained by someone you will later supervise is a bit awkward but Wanda made it pretty easy.  A simple girl with her only ambition being to get acquainted with as many books as possible; well that and someday being swept off her feet by a fair haired prince that seeks out a simple library assistant in a small town.  He would walk right around the reference desk and take her in his arms, carry her out and they would live happily ever after.  Luckily for Jennifer, on this day Wanda focused on reference area training.
Lunch was a healthy sandwich on the front steps of the library.  It was a beautiful day and Jennifer was keenly aware of how this could be the start of something really good in her life.  She felt content and enjoyed the sunlight on her face.
The afternoon was filled with getting the little things in order.  Jennifer located all the necessary items in her area and toured the entire library several times to work on memorizing where all things were.  Initially she told herself to take it easy, it's just the first day after all, don't burn yourself out girl.  But, she decided to go ahead and push herself thinking if you have the energy then best use it.  Jennifer was never one to waste an opportunity to learn, grow or improve.  The extra effort put out on her first day at work ensured her a peaceful rest that night.
The next morning Jennifer prepared for her jog.  Some girls wear those tight little short shorts and a half tank top or just a sports bra when running.  That's always nice.  However, Jennifer is not just some girl.  She wears less revealing clothes; less flattering as well, in my opinion.  Loose tan shorts hanging down almost to her knees, those little anklet style socks, your standard white running shoes, and topped off with a purple tank top that sways in the running wind.  I do have to admit the tank top accentuated her lovely shoulders.  Her slim build and fitness level gave her those thin, yet tightly muscled, shoulders woman that run often have; very nice.  They reminded me of Elizabeth.  While she doesn't run, I'm not sure if I've ever even seen her sweat, she has those shoulders; must be genetics or something.
Jennifer chose to stretch out next to the gazebo closest to her apartment.  First some twisting of the upper body then toe touches ending with those things where you lie on the ground and stretch all the way over and grab the bottom of your foot; ouch.  Then she was off and gone.  Just a thought, I think she was running a different route than David does but I did note that she runs early in the morning like him.  Oh, and upon her return she wasn't sweating profusely like David does.  Jennifer was glowing, ya know, pretty girls don't sweat they glow.  That's what I've heard anyways.
While Jennifer does enjoy running and even more so the way it makes her feel afterwards, it's not really her "hobby" per se.  Her true hobby is reading.  To Jennifer work is library stuff but reading is for fun.  She's quite well read and her favorite author's include a bunch of names I can't pronounce.  She enjoys authors that talk of whimsical tales of dragons and castles to modern authors that detail imaginary social scenes and her beloved tea parties.  Some of her reading tastes are a bit above my head but I also think she's picked up some Hemingway or Faulkner as well, I can handle that.  She especially enjoys those quiet Sunday afternoons when she can curl up in her chair with a good book, blanket, hot cup of tea and immerse her mind in another world.
This all brings me to my thoughts about how well Jennifer will fit in here in Owensboro, KY.  Normally someone like her, so smart and reserved, would struggle a little, but running in the library crowd she's bound to find people with similar interests like herself and make fast friends.  I suppose some might refer to Jennifer as a ? well a "nerd", but I don't even think she would mind, she might agree.  She knows who she is and likes herself.  Self confidence in a young woman is very appealing.  Jennifer enjoys her time to think and read and run and take deep breathes and let the sun shine on her face and smell flowers and roam the halls of author's minds and so on.
Ya know, I've found peer pressure, especially in smaller town culture, can cause a person like Jennifer to either give up or at least hide her intellectual, and at times, dreamy thoughts.  She's not allowed these things to happen to her.  This makes her personality and her entire being seem ? free.  More free than most anyway; it's quite refreshing.
I think back to my late teens and early twenties and realize how weak I was at times.  Once Elizabeth came into my life she did a good job of lifting me up to accept who I am.  After all if she loves me I must be OK.  But before I met my wife I was a slave to the pressures of society.  Whether it be the clothes I wore, the style of my hair, the cadence of my voice, the places I frequented, the books I read, the friends I somewhat made, the dreams I allowed myself or even the future I planned for myself;  it was all driven by the pressures of expectations.  Particularly the peer pressures at that time.  I'm sure the peer pressures today are just as bad, or maybe even worse with the decay of our moral society I see, but Jennifer seems to show the strengths to not allow them to drive her.  She's a leader in that way.
When it comes to leadership some people think of it as the ability to get people to follow you, but I think it may be quite different.  Leadership in its purist form is more by example and I think more about taking the correct path, at least for you, regardless of what everyone thinks.  Jennifer wouldn't want to be a leader in the modern sense.  Of that I'm sure.  But, she is when it comes to living a life that makes her happy and letting that impress upon others to do the same.  Her lifestyle is like something out of her books.
It does seem that in books the characters run up and down the hills of their lives and learn how to coast down and climb up along the way.  In real life I often wonder if that learning takes place.  Perhaps it takes a person with a conscious effort in this regard to achieve that learning.  I often wonder if people ever learn or even want to.  Observing most people it seems like they are so wrapped up in themselves, their wants and desires, at any given time that they hardly give a thought to learning about their lives, let alone themselves.  Jennifer is different.  She's self aware; she's content with who she is.  My observations of her are positive; she's a good solid human being.  I'm glad she's moved into The Villa.
Chapter 13

It was on a Tuesday.  Yes if I remember correctly it was a Tuesday and Jennifer was on her way home from work when she first became acquainted with Miss Donna.  Jennifer was walking into The Villa in her normal positive confident way and Miss Donna was sitting out near the pool enjoying the fine Kentucky day.
"Well hi hon," said Miss Donna with a glorious smile.  "Welcome to The Villa, I'm Donna Amery but everybody 'round here calls me Miss Donna."  Jennifer's first thought was this is how to welcome someone new to the apartment building, what a wonderful sociability this fine lady has.
"Hello Miss Donna, I'm Jennifer Holmes."  She had a nice smile on her face and reached out slowly to shake her hand.  Miss Donna took her hand politely.  Jennifer was standing and felt it more courteous to take the chair next to Miss Donna rather than hover over her.
"Yes Jennifer, please sit down and chat with me a little while.  I'd heard we had a new tenant here at The Villa but that's about all.  It's good to finally meet you."  Miss Donna found Jennifer's way intriguing.
"It's nice to meet you as well Miss Donna."
"Would you like some tea Jennifer, I'm having some and I'd sure like for you to join me."  Miss Donna always took tea out with her by the pool.  Her giving nature showed well when she, without fail, brought two glasses and a pitcher, even when alone.  She was ever at the ready for the prospect to offer a neighbor a glass of tea and a small talk.  Miss Donna thought it would be selfish to just bring a glass for herself.  She's so kind and always thinking of other folk's feelings.
Well I've already mentioned how Jennifer loves tea parties; and while this offer was not for hot tea, but rather for iced tea, Jennifer was happy to see the tea coming out.  Funny how the little things can bring people together, but it's all about the little things really; especially with Miss Donna.
"I'd love some tea, thank you."  Jennifer could not have held back the enthusiasm in her voice if she tried.  They sipped the tea for a short moment before moving forward with their conversation.
"So tell me Jennifer, where do you hail from?"
"Oh I'm originally form a town slightly smaller than Owensboro out in the eastern part of the state, but I've spent the past several years back east at school," Jennifer replied with a little bit of hesitation in her voice, sounding as if she didn't really want to talk about herself, at least in this regard, too much.  Miss Donna noted that she didn't give the name of her home town and decided to deduce that maybe Jennifer had simply decided to start a new life after college and didn't think much about the times before.  Sometimes people in their early twenties have less memory of their upbringing than people in their fifties.  Strange how we don't really look back on those times so fondly until they are long gone.  Miss Donna thinks to herself:  perhaps it's because once the times are long past and the memories are set in stone, they are safe.  It's easy to look back on times that were good and can never be changed, ah memories.  At any rate, Miss Donna decided to try to steer the conversation in a direction where Jennifer would feel more comfortable.
After a short pause in their little chit chat and some tea sipping, Miss Donna was pleasantly shown how well Jennifer's social graces have been honed.  Rather than dominate the conversation about her, Jennifer took the initiative to move the conversation to Miss Donna.  Genuinely too, Jennifer's questions weren't fake, she really was interested in this kind pretty lady.
"So how long have you lived here at The Villa Miss Donna?" Jennifer asked this while crossing her legs and leaning ever so slightly toward Miss Donna, showing her interest to continue the conversing.  Jennifer wasn't preoccupied but still quite enthralled with the taste of Miss Donna's tea; not normal sweet tea but a peach blend that gave your tongue a tangy and delightful surprise.
"Oh Jennifer I've been here about fifteen years now; it's a lovely place to call home.  I think you'll find there are a lot of good people here at The Villa and the same in the town of Owensboro.  I've been around here pretty much all of my life and couldn't think of a better place."  Jennifer thought to herself that Miss Donna seemed to be one of those positive people that simply enjoyed life and would be happy anywhere, always finding the good in what she observes; one of those truly happy people.  Miss Donna lifted the pitcher and poured them both a little more peach tea.
"But ya know what the best thing is about The Villa hon," Miss Donna asked with an inviting grin on her face, as if saying will you take the bait?
"What's that Miss Donna," Jennifer was more than happy to be hooked.  She loves the little subtle gestures.
"The best thing is I'm close to all my grandchildren," Miss Donna said with that twinkle in her eye.  "I get to see them often and be a part of their life and in turn their upbringing.  Ah, grandchildren they are blessings, that's for sure."  Miss Donna looked down at the pool then up over the far gazebo and to the sky as she said this, almost as if acknowledging God for bestowing upon her the grandchildren blessing.  Jennifer found this touching and gave Miss Donna a minute to contemplate.  After her minute Miss Donna went into great detail about her grandchildren as she does with most folks she can get to lend an ear.  She sure loves those grandbabies.
"Oh but look at me going on and on," Miss Donna finally said realizing she was dominating most of their conversation.  "Don't get me started on the grandkids or I'll talk your ear off."
"That's OK Miss Donna, they sound sweet," Jennifer said softly with a sip of tea.
"They are hon, they sure are."  Miss Donna was done talking about herself though.
"So tell me Jennifer, how do you liking The Villa and Owensboro so far?"
"I've really been enjoying it.  The Villa seems great especially for the rent prices.  The pool is really nice to have.  I haven't spent much time in town yet but I'm sure I'll find it equally charming.  I have been back and forth to work and it always reminds me of how much I like small towns.  Pleasant and calm you know.
"Where is it you work honey," asked Miss Donna while turning slightly toward Jennifer.
"Oh I'm a reference librarian over at the Daviess County Public Library.  I really like it.  It's a nice library and the people sure have been welcoming."
"Yes I've been to the library many times.  It is a nice place, nice and quiet."  Miss Donna realized this point was a bit redundant when it comes to libraries, but she let it go.  "They have a good selection of books for a small town library wouldn't you say?"  She knew she was speaking from a layperson's perspective and wondered if a librarian might have differing opinions.
"They sure do have a good selection of books.  I've been getting really acquainted to the place and I'm starting to feel like I can answer more questions than I ask finally."  Jennifer was being modest as she actually memorized most of the place in her first day.  She was good at that sort of thing.  She was good at her profession, better than most even, due to her love for the work.
Miss Donna and Jennifer sat and conversed for several more minutes and then parted with pleasantries one has at the end of a first time meeting.  Miss Donna felt she made a new friend.  She almost always felt she made a new friend at the end of a first meeting.  Even when she first met Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D.; he wasn't at all polite but she still felt she made a friend and could see that in his eyes as well.  Jennifer was impressed by Miss Donna as she seemed quite polite and caring, in fact, by the end of their conversation, she felt like she'd known her for years.  Miss Donna has a way of making people feel like that.  It's nice.
Just as Jennifer stepped into her apartment and closed the door behind her she began to reflect.  She was thinking back to how she anticipated her first job and overall life would be just out of college.  Jennifer understood paying dues and thought that would be high on the agenda for several years out of school.  She thought she would have to buckle down and live with a life that was less than fulfilling, both at work and possibly home life as well; struggling that is.  She's seen quite a few starry eyed recent grads, still wet behind the ears, have their dreams crushed.  Dreams that were not realistic, as Jennifer's were.  Dreams that included a great job, good money and welcoming by all to their new life in the work force.  Jennifer knew better than to dream that right away.  Dues had to be paid.
However, as she compared her "realistic" dreams with her short time at her new job and her home life at The Villa she was happy.  The comparison was favorable.  Now don't get cocky, she thought to herself, but do take the good times when they come.  They were coming now.  A nice work environment, quiet and peaceful just as she liked it; a nice apartment and now proof that at least one good person, Miss Donna, resides at The Villa.  Things are going well.  Jennifer smiled wide as she headed to the kitchen to begin a healthy dinner; maybe something special tonight.

***

About a week later and after a brisk morning run and quick shower Jennifer exited her apartment anticipating another good day at the library.  As she started towards to the parking lot she was approached by Frank.  It was less of a bumping into to the new kid in town than it was a deliberate interception of forward progress.  I often wonder if Dr. Whitney knows what his mannerisms are saying to folks.
"Well hello Missy ? being new here you might consider introducing yourself," Frank said with an accusatory tone.  Jennifer paused for a moment stunned at the rude tone.  Her first thought was about being welcomed, and introductions.  It should be the other way around, that this man should come by and introduce himself and welcome her to The Villa if he wants to meet her.  At least more like the polite Miss Donna.  Jennifer thought about saying this for a moment but then decided to hear the man out.
"What's that girly I didn't catch your name?"
"Hello I'm Jennifer Holmes, I ju--?," Jennifer was interrupted.
"Yah yah I know just moved in, I'm Dr. Frank Whitney and I've lived here quite some time.  The Villa used to be fairly nice but now, hell I just don't know.  I mean take a look at that."  Jennifer let her eyes follow Frank's finger to the pool but didn't see anything to complain about.
"Just look at those leaves in the pool; seems nobody cleans that damn thing anymore."  Frank sounded as if this was a very big deal.  He was overly melodramatic this morning, even for him.  Jennifer didn't think a few leaves were worth complaining about.  Frank wasn't done yet though.
"Just look at the paint flaking off that eve over there, the gazebos could use a good cleaning, oh yah and watch yourself on the laundry room steps and it sure stinks down there!"  Frank was whirling around and pointing vigorously as he spoke.  Jennifer found this kind of humorous and actually found him a little endearing; eccentric at best, but endearing none the less.
"Oh, I'm sure they'll get around to addressing all those things at some point," replied Jennifer with an optimistic tone.  She also was forcing a smile as she tried to lighten the conversation a bit.
"Don't hold your breath on that one," Frank snapped back with a sarcastic laugh.
"Well I'm ?," Jennifer had that I've got to go tone but was again interrupted before she could finish saying she was headed to work.
"Well let me set you straight right off Jenny?"  Jennifer hated being called Jenny, she's a Jennifer, she thought, not a Jenny, Jen or anything else; but she thought it not the time to make that point.  "You see that parking lot right over there ? those front spaces they are reserved, got it."  Frank was not asking he was telling.
"I see, well I haven't parked up front as of yet," Jennifer didn't realize her mistake of not simply saying yes to Frank.  He started in on her.
"I didn't say you had girly, I'm just giving you fair warning not to.  See those up front spaces are for people who have earned them.  You haven't parked up front yet huh?"
"Well I ?" Jennifer tried to respond.
"Let me finish dear," interrupted Frank with that tenured Professor's tone of condescension.  "You kids these days with your back talk, I swear."  Jennifer was stunned and just stood there with a hopeless look on her face.  "You haven't parked up front yet; well I better not catch you doing it at all toots.  You can park to the back of the parking lot, you're young a little walking won't hurt you," Frank was slowing down a bit and speaking more softly, at least for him.
"I understand," said Jennifer while looking at her watch and simply trying to get away, she was already going to be late for work now.
"Good answer Jennifer," Frank rewarded her succumbing to his will by showing her the respect of using her correct name this time.  This was a manipulation tactic he learned early on with college freshman; but Jennifer was no freshman.  She saw through his antics and found him more of the humorous rambler than aggressive.  The funniest part was that he was trying so hard to be mean but he really came across as affable and witty at times.
"I'm glad we can end on a positive note," said Jennifer with an almost authoritative tone.  "Now I must be getting to work, I'm certain you understand."  Frank was taken aback a bit by her change in tone.  He was also impressed with it, she seemed quite articulate.  His first thought was that this Jennifer Holmes will be a worthy adversary; that made him smile.  Jennifer took this smile as a polite good bye and walked swiftly to her car.  Frank yelled out "nice to meet you Jennifer" as she crossed the parking lot.  Jennifer yelled back "you too" but didn't turn her head back toward him, she just kept walking.
Over the next few steps to her car Jennifer was surprised to find herself thinking she actually likes Frank.  There's just something about him; he's the loveable grumpy old man.  She knows he's good inside and is really just faking his anger.  Frank just wants someone to talk to him now and think about him later.  He probably knows all his neighbors talk about him when he's not around, referring to him as that grumpy Frank, and he likes it.  No publicity is bad publicity I suppose.
Jennifer spent the short trip to work worrying about the consequences of her late arrival.  I'm the new girl at the library and I'm already showing up late, that's going to look real good.  She didn't actually blame Frank but wished that conversation could have happened after work instead of before, or maybe not at all; at least not in that way.
As she walked in the door of the Daviess County Public Library she glanced at her watch and noted that she was a full fifteen minutes late.  Some folks wouldn't see it as that big of a deal, but librarians tend to be a bit more rigid and organized/timely than most, they have to be I suppose.  Jennifer was concerned.
As Jennifer walked through the center of the library she heard Mrs. James call out, "nice of you to join us Jennifer".  Jennifer's heart jumped up into her throat and her head whirled a bit as she turned around to greet her supervisor with a pleasant smile, or at least an attempted smile through the fear inside.
"I apologize for being la?, " she wasn't able to finish her sentence before Mrs. James broke in.
"Oh, that's Ok Jennifer.  I hope I didn't scare you I was just attempting some light humor.  I'm sure you have a good reason for coming in a few minutes late."  Ella James leaned in and whispered her best library whisper, "don't worry about it".
Jennifer was surprised by how understanding Mrs. James was and appreciated the kindness.  Mrs. James has people skills, Jennifer thought, as she happily got to work.  She smiled inside and knew it was going to be a good day.
Chapter 14

It was not long after meeting Miss Donna and Frank that Jennifer would meet her next lodger from The Villa.  It was Saturday afternoon and the right time to finish up some needed chores.
Out the front door of her apartment and across the courtyard, Jennifer admired the pool and gazebos and thought about how quaint the environment was.  This thought was removed as she began descending the steps to the laundry room.  Well, Frank was right; these steps are quite steep; let's see if he got the smell correct as well.  Yep.  Well not everything can be perfect.
Jennifer was all alone in the dank small room and felt a little depressed from the environment.  Guess chores aren't supposed to be fun, she thought.  She made her way across the room and began her first load of laundry; like colors to start.  As the clothes were taking a good soaking Jennifer sat down on the bench by the wall and began on page one of the book she checked out at the library just yesterday; light laundry reading, light for Jennifer anyway.
Jennifer found herself somewhat preoccupied though; just with everyday things.  You know when your mind is racing and you try to focus by picking up a book, only to find yourself seven pages in and you can't remember a single thing you read.  Oh you read the words but your mind was on something else so you didn't really "listen" to the words you were reading.  Well, Jennifer was experiencing that.  She wasn't upset or negative, but just thinking about all the things going on her life with her new home, new town, new job, new jogging route, new laundry room along with its odors, new kitchen, new place to shop for her healthy foods, etc.  Her mind was racing.  Mostly good things, but then some Physicians believe that stress is hard on a person whether it's good stress, like finding out your going to be a father, or bad stress, like finding out your car has a flat tire on your way to work.  Either way you may find your mind racing and that can make it difficult to focus.  That was Jennifer this day.
Just as Jennifer sat her book down to attempt to clear her mind before delving back into reading, she heard footsteps coming down the stairs.  It was a pretty blond girl.  I'm guessing she's about my age, thought Jennifer.
Amy's mind was racing as well this day.  Amy wasn't used to not hearing from a boy after a date, especially one that ends with a "bang" like her last date with David.  If there was a cold shoulder to be turned it was mine, she thought.  Amy struggled with how to deal with this matter as she's had no real experience with it.  She's usually the one blowing people off or playing the "I'll ignore him for a while" game.  Frustrated and angry, Amy was.  Scared and upset she was as well, and these were not feelings she liked having.
In fact, Amy was so preoccupied with her own thoughts that she didn't even realize Jennifer was there.  How someone could miss another person in such a small room I'll never know, but Amy has a way of focusing on herself so strongly that I suppose she can shut everyone else out.
As she crossed the room Jennifer looked at her and smiled, thinking Amy would politely smile back.  After all Jennifer was sitting right there in plain sight.  It was not to be.  Jennifer didn't harp on it though.  Instead she chose to look at the positive.  There's another girl about my age here at The Villa; a peer.  Maybe I can begin a new friendship, invite her over for tea or something, Jennifer thought with a smile.  At this point Jennifer, of course, didn't know that while Amy was indeed about her age, she was by no means a "peer"; if you know what I mean.
Amy began her laundry with apprehension.  Several sighs and visible gestures of unhappiness, almost anger really, defined her demeanor.  Jennifer wondered if this might be because the girl thought she was alone.  What Jennifer didn't know was that Amy wouldn't have cared who saw her little fits as she didn't hold that much respect for people to care if her attitude impacted them in any way.
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Holmes; just moved into The Villa here," Jennifer said while rising from the bench and taking a few steps towards Amy.  Amy seemed a bit startled but quickly gained her composure.
"Oh, hi honey, I'm Amy Helmer," Amy replied with a fairly thick southern accent.  She usually thickened the accent when she was in her political mode, faking it so to speak.
Jennifer reached out her hand to offer it to Amy - which come to think of it is a little odd for an everyday first meeting; anyways - and as Amy looked at Jennifer's hand she began thinking.  As with most people she started on first impressions of appearance.
Amy thinks to herself:  She's kind of pretty in a homely sort of way. I mean yah, ok, she's pretty and all but not as pretty as me.  I mean she's ethnic really.  I'm blonde and everyone knows blondes have more fun and gentlemen prefer blondes and and and ? I'll bet she's faking this polite howdy do; no one is this nice.  She's one of those girls that wants everybody to think she's sweet or something.  That's so pathetic.
As Amy looked up from Jennifer's hand to her eyes she saw something in them that she did not want to admit to herself.  She saw truth in Jennifer's eyes and that she was not faking anything, she was just being polite as she introduced herself with her calm inviting demeanor.  She just had a nice way about her.  Amy didn't like seeing this and would not stand for it.  She continued thinking:  Well nice or not she shouldn't be (and I'll make goddamn sure she isn't) any competition for me.  I'm the "pretty girl" at The Villa toots and there ain't room for two.  Amy gave Jennifer a look that said all she was thinking.
Rather than shaking Jennifer's hand, Amy decided to go back to her laundry with a smug turn of her head.  You know how when you're at a party and there's that one person monopolizing the conversation in a group, you try to say one small thing and the guy or gal looks at you like your dirt and then glances at a couple of his or her friends in the group and laughs sarcastically, like saying this social group is too good for you.  I hate that crap.  Well, that was the look Jennifer received from Amy.
"So Jennifer you met any interesting people yet," Amy asked as if accusing a rape victim of asking for it?  Jennifer did not appreciate the attitude but chose to remain polite.  Sometimes my first impressions of people are wrong, she thought.
"Well I've met a couple of fol--," Jennifer was interrupted before she could finish, folks.
"Let me give you some advice Jennifer," Amy was laying it on thick and way overemphasizing Jennifer's name.  "If you come across my fella,  his names David Kerr; he'd be the one with the hot body and shitty car" - funny how Amy can compliment and insult someone she claims to like within just a few words - "you steer clear.  Let me tell you a little som'in som'in you just keep yourself wide and clear."  Amy's tone wasn't all she was wielding; she had a fierce facial expression on and Jennifer thought she looked like she was going to whirl around and smack her one.  Jennifer consciously took a half step back just in case.
"Oh did I scare you hon," asked Amy with a mocking baby voice.
"Well I, I ju--," Jennifer stammered and was again interrupted.
"Let's just make sure you heard what I said.  You just say 'I understand' and I'll know you got it.  OK!"  Amy's voice was soft until the OK!  She screamed this so loud it echoed off the walls.  Jennifer was thinking she hadn't experienced such unreasonable anger in a person since middle school, maybe even since grade school really.  Jennifer was now allowing herself to go ahead and form an impression of Amy Helmer; and it wasn't good.  Not good at all.  She decided to try to calm things down a bit.
"I understand," said Jennifer softly.  "But I've never even seen this David fellow you speak of."  This last little explanation was a mistake with little Ms. Helmer.  She wanted Jennifer to do what she was told and just answer "I understand".  Amy felt the anger boil up inside her.
"Look sugar!  I didn't ask if you've met him, I told you to steer clear and that's what you'll do."  Amy was at her most aggressive.
"Alright," Jennifer said with the slightest bit of humor in her voice.  She was beginning to find this outburst by Amy laughable.
"Alright what, Jennifer," demanded Amy?  At this point Jennifer was getting annoyed with the aggressive behavior of Amy and couldn't help but be sarcastic.
"Alright sir"!  Jennifer said this while clicking her heels together and providing a snapped off military salute.
"Oh you smartass," said Amy with some surprise in her voice.  "Do you understand"?
"Indeed I do, I think I grasp perfectly what you are trying to get across here."  Jennifer used her most authoritative vocal cadence for this last statement.  She wanted to make Amy fully aware that what was coming across was less of an agreed upon demand and more of Jennifer acknowledging she was speaking to a brat.  Jennifer accomplished this.  However, while Amy got the point she really didn't care what Jennifer thought.
"David may just be a way to pass the time, but until I'm through with him you stay away.  You can have sloppy seconds if you want, Jenny, but until I give you the all clear you'll let him be."  At this point Amy faced directly toward Jennifer and made piercing eye contact.  "You don't want to cross me girl, trust me you don't want to cross me."  Amy likes to have the last word so she didn't wait for a response from Jennifer she quickly turned on her heels and went up the stairs to the courtyard leaving Jennifer there stunned.
Jennifer thought:  well first of all she left her damn clothes behind, second of all thank you for the warm welcome to The Villa Amy.  Wow!  What a ditz.  Threatening someone she just met like that; weird.
Jennifer knew it might be insecurity that caused Amy to behave this way.  For some reason maybe Amy was threatened by me, she thought.  It didn't matter though when a person is attacked like that for no good reason all the logic and psychoanalysis in the world won't stop the negative feelings from pouring in.  Jennifer did not like Amy Helmer much.  In fact Jennifer didn't like her at all.
As Jennifer finished up her laundry and tried to get back to her book she found herself rehashing the Amy conversation.  It's funny how one small event can spoil your day, she thought.  
Now in my experience, most good people seem to try to get along with others.  When they are put in a situation like Amy put Jennifer in they try to figure out what they did wrong to upset the other person.  Trouble is there are many times when they did nothing wrong at all; therefore there is nothing to fix and nothing they could have done better.  Rehashing the situation won't help a bit.  It'll only stir you up.  Intelligent people, or just people that think things through a lot, seem to really struggle with this.  Thriving on logic and understanding these people search and search but only find themselves upset.  This is what Jennifer was doing.
As Jennifer placed the last of her garments in the clothes basket and headed up the steep stairs to the courtyard she felt a sense of emptiness she hadn't yet felt at The Villa.  She felt alone.  She was frustrated that she allowed such a negative person to impact her mood so much, but she couldn't help it.  Jennifer would never treat someone the way she had just been treated and therefore had no grasp or understanding on what would make a person like that tick.  Passing the pool she took in a deep breath and looked to the sky.  Letting out the breath slowly she had sat her clothes basket down and placed her apartment key on top of the clothes before she even knew what she was doing.  With a splash and a rush of cold water Jennifer was near the bottom of the pool before she fully grasped that she had dove in.
As Jennifer finished the walk toward her apartment, dripping water the whole way, she had a big grin on her face.  I've washed that conversation with Amy away, she thought.  It's gone.  Nothing like a spontaneous crazy activity to clear your mind, Jennifer surprised herself with the unbridled romanticism of the moment.  She felt a little unpredictable, and she liked it.
Chapter 15

Now it kind of surprised me that David hadn't taken the initiative to introduce himself to Jennifer yet.  I mean a young single man and a pretty girl of about his age, why not right?  Well I do suppose David had his fill of dating recently after the whole Amy thing.  Maybe that experience tuckered him out on girls for a while.  God knows Amy could do that to a fella.
So it seems David's existence in the mean time had become even more regimented than usual.  Not just boring but even a bit reclusive.  Not intentionally reclusive mind you, but enough alone time to allow his head to clear and the sun to shine through again.
Quite unlike David; beer was on his evening menu for a while.  He told himself it was just to calm his nerves about the Amy issue and how and when he will tell her the news.  There's always a "good" excuse to escape in the bottle or in beer I suppose, if you want to find excuses.  Let's have a beer I just got a new job!  Let's have a beer I just got fired.  Let's have a beer we're goin' fishin'.   Let's have a beer my dog just got run over by a semi.  There's always a reason to have a beer, good or bad reasons.  A party to celebrate or a mug to cry in, if you want to drink you'll find a reason.  This was not like David at all, and he knew it.
Good thing for David it didn't last very long.  The first couple of days he drank in the evenings he was able to tough his way through the morning workouts.  But after a couple more days his body was worn down from the alcohol, erratic sleeping and especially the dehydration.  
The day he decided to head back to the "clean life" he awoke with a major headache at about, well exactly 4:47am.  He didn't usually wake up before his normal 5:30am rising.  The alcohol had spoiled his sleeping patterns.  He couldn't go back to sleep so just laid there in bed worrying about how hard his run would be this morning.  He rose at 5:30am and went through his normal routine but this time with great pain and severe nausea.  His run was a living nightmare.  One minute he felt alright, well almost alright, the next his stomach churned, the next his head hurt, the next nausea set in and he noticed he wasn't sweating properly.  He was very upset with himself when he had to walk out his last half mile of his workout, something he hadn't done in years.  He was completely disappointed in himself.  That was his last day for drinking for a long while; back to living right.  The next several days of running where like heaven for David.
Now don't get me wrong I do think drinking to excess is wrong, and if I did it Elizabeth would probably break my arm or something, but sometimes you just have to let go.  Now I'm not saying David should have let himself fall into a six month binge drinking stupor, but it might have served him well not to kick himself so hard just because he had a few days of overdoing it.  David's just a young man and to push himself so hard can be counterproductive.  Sometimes, especially when you're young, you have to just let yourself make mistakes and learn how to live with them.   Although the mistake of enjoying the drink too much can be a dire one I suppose.
Elizabeth had this friend, for a while anyway, that really fell into the bottle.  It's as if she, I think Penny was her name ? anyway.  It's as if Penny had decided sobriety sucks and she would have none of it.  How can someone wake up early in the morning after a night of drinking and start with a shot of vodka and a beer?  I don't know, but Penny could do it.  At least that's what Elizabeth said she did a lot.  Penny would come over to see Elizabeth for coffee and she would bring a flask of vodka and six pack of beer; and that's just breakfast.
I felt a little sorry for Penny, and even more for Elizabeth because the whole drinking thing disturbed her so.  However, Penny seemed to be having such a good time with her drinking that it was hard to tell right from wrong.  She was what people would call a "happy drunk".  She was really enjoyable to be around.  Penny was always smiling, boisterous and fun loving.  But ? Elizabeth just couldn't handle all the drinking so she slowly, and very civilly, stopped spending time with Penny.  Someone later told me that Penny experienced serious health problems and only went downhill from there.  That drinking is a dangerous thing when you know it's hurting your body, or your life, and you're so hooked you can't stop.  David probably made the right decision to nip the whole beer thing in the bud.  If you don't get too far in you don't have to drag yourself back out, I guess.
From my observations, David next decided to occupy his mind with his beloved music.  Doing what he had to do to keep Amy off his mind, and especially from having to tell her the news, he chose to enrich his senses.  I heard his playing as I passed by his apartment, not very loud, but I heard it.
The piece of music he chose to work on was an original.  David wanted to put his feelings into music.  He wanted the notes to sing and actually cry from the violin; to "let the music do the talking" so to speak.  All I heard was a bunch of long bowed notes, but I'm sure David knew their meaning better than I.  He was playing pretty good (not well, just good) but I don't think he'll make first chair in the near future.
David likes to put his wit into his music.  To make an original piece of music ironic or sardonic or illogic or some other "ic" word he finds to be intelligent and presumptuous.  He lets his music carry an arrogance that his personality does not usually show.  In other words he likes to be a different person in his music; one that is more confident and even a bit rude.  You know; the kind of person that would refuse to go out for a show because there weren't the right number of green M&M's in his dressing room.  It's a little alternate life David lives in his head.  He doesn't wish to be that person all the time, but he believes it takes a bit of arrogance to summon the confidence to write and perform a piece of your own music, especially before an audience.
David named the piece of music, that started slow and built with intensity to climax in great pain, "The Great Big Empty Void of Redundancy I Feel When I think Of How To Tell Amy Helmer To Shove Off".  I'm guessing he didn't want to leave anything to the imagination for the audience.  He could see himself standing on the stage saying, in a snooty voice with his nose raised high in the air and wearing a tuxedo:  "Nooow I would like to ennnthrallll you with my newest work.  I believe I have aptly named it "The Great Big Empty Void of Redundancy I Feel When I think Of How To Tell Amy Helmer To Shove Off."  David would then let out one of those laughs that sounds like a horse's whinny.  Can you picture the laugh of a multi-millionaire at a party where he's telling jokes and everyone's laughing but the jokes aren't really funny?  No one laughs until the millionaire starts off the laughing, at his own joke mind you, with that aristocratic whinny that comes from knowing you're so rich you never have to say you're sorry.  That's the kind of laugh we're talking about here.  David has quite the imagination huh?
For a person that lives such a strict lifestyle David sure can be creative.  I don't know about you but I've not seen both traits in many people.  I mean most musicians, or even musical people, don't tend to be, well so black and white about their daily life.  What I mean is that, based on my observations anyways, artistic people (whether it be painting, writing, music or whatever) seem to be more flamboyant and take it as it comes.  They're the kind of folks that would, on a whim, just say let's go to Paris; then jump on a plane and off they go.  This would be whether they could truly afford the trip or not.  Most of the rest of us, less creative people I suppose, tend to have a bit more grounded of a personality.  We would plan out a vacation (sometimes years in advance), ask off at work, list the things we need to take, do a budget for the trip, find someone to water our plants while we're gone, locate a kennel for the pets to stay, and so on and so on.  It wouldn't be just off and gone.  Anyway, I'm rambling ? again.  What I'm trying to get across here is that David does a good job of maintaining his strict day-to-day life while allowing his creative and romantic side to dominate as well.  Yes, I think he simply maintains his strict regimented style but he lets his creative/romantic side dominate him.  You might not be able to tell it when you first meet him, but I think this has to do with the way he doesn't talk about work.  Work is work, but his creative side is who he really is underneath all that.  David's kind of a complicated fellow don't you think?
I've always wished I was born with musical talent.  I know, I know for most it takes hard work, not just being born with it, but it seems like some people come to it naturally.  I actually tried playing the trombone while in grade school.  It's really a very cool instrument in the hands of someone that knows what they are doing.  That would not be me though.  I tried my best but my teacher was always scolding me for being lazy and not practicing.  She'd say "Sammy you're just being lazy, you've got to practice boy".  She's right ya know.  I was lazy.  Still am too.  I guess there are people who do things and people who watch the world go by.  I'd have to classify myself as the latter.  When I was younger I didn't want to admit it, but as I've gotten older I've started to feel more comfortable in my skin and admit who I am.  It's not so terrible really; I mean it goes along with my favorite hobby of just observing people and things.  Some people have to do things to be happy; I kind of just live in my mind.  That's fine by me.
I know I'm getting off on a tangent here but bear with me.  Anywho, as I look back now I really only took those trombone lessons to get close to this really cute girl in my class.  I found out her mother taught lessons out of her home and so I had my mom sign me up.  Mrs. Dow was an attractive lady for her age, remember everyone's old when you're eight, she was almost nice too.  But her daughter, oh Keira Dow, my first love.  Well it was pretty much a one way street kind of love mind you, but Keira was so cute and sweet.  Even though she didn't want to be my "girlfriend" she was so nice and we became just friends.  It worked out well to have a reason to be at her house once a week after school.  I'd always hang around afterword and Keira and I would play little kid games and I'd walk her to the park or something.  After a while we even started to have play dates over at my house.  She thought I was kind of strange inviting a girl to play with a boy at his own house but she rarely said no.  I think she actually liked me but her mother discovering how lazy I was didn't help much.  I'm also pretty sure Keira's mother knew I was just using the trombone lessons as an excuse to get near her daughter.  Mrs. Dow didn't care much for the thought of her eight year old daughter "dating" yet.  It was innocent and all but you know how parents can be.  
Anyway, we were good friends through grade school but when puberty kicked in we kind of went our separate ways.  She got a bit rude when she started liking boys.  She had one of her friends tell me that Keira says she is "out of your league".  Oh well, she was probably right.  That hurt for quite some time.  You know how a pubescent teenage boy can obsess about things like that.  But now I look back at Keira with joy; my first love.  I still remember the perfume she wore.  It wasn't little girl perfume; she must have gotten it from her mother or something.  So when I'm out I sometimes smell a lady wearing it.  I don't know the name of it but the smell always takes me back and makes me smile.  Often Elizabeth will ask me what I'm smiling about and I usually just lean over and kiss her; then we both smile.  It's good to have happy thoughts.  But I'm rambling again so let me get back to David.
Along with his music David kept himself busy, and more importantly his mind off of Amy, with work stuff.  He would dare not talk about or really even think of work during his home/personal time but he really focused during working hours.  David once told me that he's usually got plenty of things going on in his personal life, that it would be very difficult to find the time to worry about work.  Plus, David said, "I'm not paid to worry on off hours"; pretty good motto probably.
After I got to know David a bit I tried to press him several times about his job.  He won't even say where he works.  It's a little annoying but I suppose I understand.  David doesn't want his work to define him.  He doesn't want to meet people that would be impressed with his education credentials, his job title, his income level, the things he owns or the prestige of being a powerful man.  I don't know that he is or has any of these things but his confidence in himself kind of leads me to believe he does.
He's right you know.  Any girl, or guy for that matter, that becomes your friend because of your job title or income level will not be your real friend.  They either think you can help them out in their career or they are impressed with the consumer aspect of your money.  Once they realize there is more to you as a person than your job you get somewhat diminished in their eyes.  It's like if you are the boss at work and you show great leadership skills and tact, but then you occasionally cut loose at home and those same people are offended by your "adolescent" behavior.  There's just more to a person than their job that's all.  Career climbers annoy me.  David is not one at all.
But you know, not everybody agrees with David's perspective on keeping work and personal life separate.  Take Frank for instance.  He contradicts David's thoughts quite a bit.  Frank has told me ? well he taught me, 'cause he can't really just tell you something, he has to treat you like a student to get his point across ? anyways, he informed me that in order to be really successful one must immerse himself in his work and make it his life.  You can't just be a nine to five'r and expect to shake up the world.
Frank took this to the nth degree.  For him, apparently, it was hard to tell where the work ended and the personal life began, if the work ever ended really.  I mean his whole person is wrapped up in being the tenured Professor Frank Whitney, Ph.D of history.  I suppose that Frank lives so much in the past, so much in history, that he sees no benefit of the here and now.  I'm not sure how he feels about the future but he certainly doesn't seem to have much respect for the now.
As I try to get my mind around which is better, to totally separate work from personal time or to immerse yourself in your work to maximize your potential to be successful; I wonder if a balance would be best.  But then I suppose a real balance is the separation itself.  What David might sacrifice in career goals he may make up for in personal freedom and happiness.  What Frank has given up in personal happiness, friends and such, might be worth it to him but I doubt it.  I think if Frank took an honest look at his life he would assess that he overdid the career thing and sacrificed a lot of relationships and happiness in the mean time.  To each their own I guess.  
I'm not trying to judge either Frank or David here.  I'm just interested about how different their opinions of how to live a life really are.  Actually though, I don't think their opinions are different.  I think David is being mature about the reality of a need for balance and separation between home and work; and well, Frank is only trying to fool himself into believing the choices he made have created a better world and life in general for him.  Frank is surely to come to his senses on this someday and I'll bet it puts him in an even worse mood than his normal sour demeanor.  Well let's get back to how David is keeping himself busy.
David enjoys his morning runs.  So, when he was at the supermarket the other day and noticed a flyer about a 5K fun run coming up next month it excited him.  He's already in pretty good shape so he figured if he really bore down on his training he might run a good time.  David wasn't fooling himself though.  I mean his normal morning jogs were fast but not race fast, and not for time.  However, he figured he would run this upcoming 5K and see how he did then he would train over the next year and go for a win at the same annual race.  Probably pick up some other fun run's along the way as well, as part of the training.
Meticulous David planned out his training attire:  from what shoes to wear (lighter and better than his normal running shoes), to how many pairs of socks and what brand, athletic underwear or a jock?, breathable mesh shorts, he'd stick to his regular white t-shirt to run in as it can't be beat, a new watch for timing (a watch that would time his kilometer splits).  Then David was on to his training regimen:  go out fast for the first .2 kilometers then settle into a seven minute mile pace for the first three kilometers; kind of a warm up.  Then just past the three kilometer mark take off with a six minute and twenty-five second mile pace (this is where you just have to fight through the pain in your lungs and legs and be tough), and sprint out the last three hundred meters.  This would allow him a good time.  Well a good time for him anyways.  Also, this would just be the starting training regimen he would increase his speed on two week training cycles.  In other words he would train a steady plan for two weeks then he would slowly raise his speed by say .1 miles per hour (or I think that's like .16 kilometers per hour) in both the beginning and the ending of the 5K, reducing his time and giving him the best chance to win or at least place in the top three.
David enjoys these little plans he makes.  Sometimes I think he delves into things just so he can make a plan or a list or pros and cons breakdown or something to get his mind focused and on the task at hand.  He's funny in that way.
Now I'm not saying these are bad traits to have; that being David's incessant need to plan things through thoroughly and then methodically carry them out.  I'm sure that's how successful people get things done.  I'm just saying it can be a bit quirky sometimes.  Maybe that's why David's not such a whiz with the ladies.  I've found most young woman like spontaneity.  They probably shouldn't but they do.  That's why they like the bad boys; they're unpredictable.  David probably comes across as boring to the gals.  But then again, does it really matter how a man acts, women seem to have no tangible reason for why they like someone.  At least I haven't been able to figure one out yet.  Who knows why Elizabeth likes me; let alone loves me?  I mean she tells me and all but sometimes I think there is just no good reason why she loves me, she just does.  Oh well a guy like me will take what he can get and log it as a blessing.
Anyways, David worked so hard on his training plans that I'm fairly certain he'll succeed in his goal to win the race next year.  In fact, as hard working and prepared as he is I'd be surprised if he doesn't start winning some of the other races he enters before the end of his training.  Seems when David sets his mind to something he carries it out with clockwork precision.  Oh to be young again with all that energy, hope and direction.  David seems to know the path he's on, except with the Amy thing I suppose.  Me, I just let things come as they come.  Yah, when I was younger like David I guess I did have more of an intended direction and the energy to push toward it, somewhat, but that seemed to fade away with age.  I think as you settle into adulthood you slow down; and that's a good thing.  I'm certainly happier now with a simple sunrise or a warm day and such.  I guess it's like Miss Donna says; it's the little things that really matter.  That's what seems to get reinforced in your mind as you grow older; at least in my mind it does.
Well as far as keeping himself busy, and his mind off of dealing with the Amy situation, David was a sheer success.  But I'll tell you, I don't think putting off the Amy problem is a good thing.  I mean hell hath no fury like a woman scorned right?  Surely Amy will get pretty ticked off if she waits a long time then only to be told to take a hike.  David's kind of playing with fire here, don't ya think?  Amy and David just didn't work out, they are not a good match, but you know who comes to mind that are?  Miss Donna and Frank.
Oh I know what you're thinking.  They're just too different how could they get along?  But I've observed Miss Donna, as well as Frank, and I believe she really likes him.  She can peer through his angry facade and see who he really is on the inside; just a lonely old guy with a good sense of humor and a taste for the theatrical.  Frank probably doesn't want people to know he has these traits as it would go against his straight laced Professor Frank Whitney Ph.D. credentials.  I just bet that if Miss Donna and Frank took the time to get to know each other better they'd be surprised at how many things they have in common.
Just to be frank with you, as Frank would say or something like that, I can tell he likes Miss Donna as well.  He's so funny, he'll say things like "Sure Miss Donna is sweet and all but ?" or "just because Miss Donna is pretty doesn't mean she's ?" or "simply because Miss Donna lights up a room with her smile doesn't mean what she has to say holds merit" and on and on.  It's like he starts off by saying these nice things about her then tries to talk himself into believing she's really not all that good.  I bet deep down he really does think she's all that; all that and a bag of chips, not just regular chips but those awesome Fritos maybe even with some French onion dip on the side.  You get my point I'm sure.
I'll bet if I were to put my best observation skills to work on the two of them I could foresee what is going to happen.  Maybe I'll take the time to do that.  Oh here I go again with the matchmaking crap.  I guess I'm just turning into an old softy; or a busy body, yah a busy body's more like it.
Chapter 16

It was beautiful sunny afternoon, a Thursday if I recall correctly, and David walked towards his car for the leisurely drive home.  It was a good work day, not too stressful but with just the right amount of hard work to keep the day moving along at a strong pace.
David had pleasant things on his mind as he approached his car.  Things like a nice walk this evening, some violin play, maybe some piano too; he might even treat himself to a pizza as he's been extra good lately.  Good moods are not to be taken lightly, David thought, it's not that they are few and far between but hey, take'em when you can get'em.
As David got in the car and peered through the windshield he noticed a large smear of bird excrement right in his line of sight.  He had a good laugh at this and didn't let it spoil his mood.  He got some tissue from the glove box and got out to wipe it off, as his windshield sprayer had been broken for several years.  Oh the excitement of a small town, maybe later he'll watch the grass grow or the cars rust.  The drive home was pleasant.
Not too far away Jennifer was making her way to her car as well; luckily for her there were no bird incidents though.  An equally good day for her with only one real emergency, well as far as library emergencies go.  There was a lost book that was supposed to be on hold for a lady that had the patience of a toddler.  In fact the child she had with her behaved better than she did.  Jennifer stood there and took the tongue lashing with grace and poise.  The irate lady even raised her voice to a disturbing level; in a library no less.  However, after a little consoling and a heartfelt apology Jennifer had the lady calmed down and on her way without hard feelings.  Jennifer thought she handled the situation pretty well but it still weighed on her mind a bit; that was until she stepped out of the library and saw what a beautiful evening it would be.  Her drive home was nice and as she pulled into The Villa so did this handsome young man.
As David pulled in right beside Jennifer's car he immediately noticed the new face, a pretty face.  He didn't do much thinking, which was probably a good thing since therefore there was no time to get nervous about saying hello.
"Hi, how are ya?  You must be new to The Villa," David said as he was closing his car door.  For some reason he sounded a little out of breath.
"Yes I am," Jennifer smiled.  "I've not been here too long now; I'm Jennifer."
"Well welcome; I think you're going to like it here.  I've not been here all that long either but I've really enjoyed it so far."  David thought, well except for the butt chewing by Frank about the damn parking spots and the odd times spent with Amy Helmer.  He drifted off for a second in his self pity but quickly came back to provide Jennifer with his full attention.
"Oh I'm sure I will," replied Jennifer with a positive friendly tone.  Jennifer found herself looking at David with delight.  Now she really only looked in silence for a couple of seconds but in those couple of seconds it felt much longer.  Her mind raced thinking wow things have gone so well to date here in Owensboro with the new job and new apartment, could it really get better by meeting a nice guy.  What a nice welcome, he seems so polite.  
Due to the fact that Jennifer held social graces in such high esteem she was way over blowing the importance of this simple hello how are you.  But, in a world with plenty of rude people (and yes I know, also some nice people) sometimes the polite ones stand out; especially the ones that you also find physically attractive.  
I think in these modern times it's probably hard for a young person to find another "nice/polite" young person to converse with; maybe more so if they're of the opposite sex.  It just seems to me that modern love is made up of acting cool, which can equate to rudeness, while pretending you really don't like the other person as much as you do.  It's kind of like constantly leaning back to make sure you don't tip your cards in a high stakes poker game.  I'm not sure but I think that's the way it goes these days.
After just a bit more pleasantries David and Jennifer made their ways to their respective apartments.  As Jennifer entered her front door she realized she didn't even catch his name.
As Jennifer set about making her dinner she let her mind wander a bit.  Being such a fine cook, or at least an efficient one, she was able to go through the motions of cooking her vegetable and rice dish without much thought.  Oh and she also had some fruit cocktail and a garden salad as well with a nice glass of ice water.  Very healthy meal I'd say.  Anyways where was I?  Oh yah.
She let her mind wander to her introduction to the nice boy in the parking lot.  Well, she thought, he's not a boy he's a man, but he has this sweet boyish quality.  A charm that shows through in his smile and his overall demeanor; he seems to have good etiquette and an understanding of proper civil communication.  Jennifer was impressed.  She found herself smiling and singing along to her radio she had turned on to a contemporary pop station.
After several minutes of pleasant feelings Jennifer thought carefully through how she didn't catch his name.  Did he give it and I just missed it?  Maybe he said his name while I was staring at him with starry eyes?  No I'm sure he didn't give his name.
At this point a small bit of worry crept into Jennifer's mind.  She thought back to her discussion, or more of a warning really, with Amy Helmer.  Could this boy ? umm, young man that is ? be the famous David that Amy girl was talking about.  Jennifer found herself laughing right out loud.  She spoke out loud as well, "wouldn't it just be fitting if of no fault of my own I've just stepped into that wasp's nest?"  In this instance laughing was simply Jennifer's way of covering up the concern she felt inside.  She was not certain that she would pull back on the reigns of her feelings in regards to this young man, but she didn't really want a feud with Amy either; certainly not so early in her arrival to her new home here at The Villa.  
As Jennifer was mulling over the "what ifs", David was playing his violin while letting his mind drift elsewhere.  He was thinking about how he was not in the least bit nervous, as well as did not stammer or stutter, and didn't feel uncomfortable with Jennifer as he had at the beginning of his first meeting with Amy.  Jennifer was not the imposing figure like Amy.  It came to David's mind that Amy Helmer wants to be the imposing figure; the proverbial eight hundred pound gorilla in the room so to speak.  While Amy tries to force her opinions or desires for the way a conversation, or relationship maybe, are going to go; Jennifer seemed to have more tact.  Jennifer seemed to understand what makes for a cordial conversation.  She seemed to understand the subtle nature of a first meeting; that it wouldn't include sexual innuendo and over-flirtatious behavior.
David kind of felt bad about this last thought.  After all Amy may have taken the lead in the pool side flirt, but David played along as a willing participant.  And I liked it, he thought.  I really enjoyed the attention and the naughty behavior she was showing me.  I guess that makes me an accessory to the crime?  Probably ? well no one's perfect.  David was doing his best not to completely blame Amy for the downfall of their short-term romance.
It's not as if I led her on really, David continued his line of thinking.  I mean if anything she led me on; led me right to her bedroom!  David let out a hearty laugh.  Well just for the sake of comparison I'd have to say my first meeting with Amy was over-stimulating and over-sexed as well; while my introduction to Jennifer was far more casual and wholesome.  Is wholesome the right word to describe it?  Hmm.  Maybe appropriate is a more apt description.  I mean the first introduction should be relaxed and casual, not in your face and sex laden.
I have to agree with David on his thoughts here.  I couldn't imagine what I would have thought of Elizabeth if she would have come on to me, in our first introduction, as strong as Amy did to David.  I certainly doubt I would have thought of her as marriage material.  I'm not judging Amy, and I really don't think David is either, but there is just a certain civil way to meet someone for the first time, and it would appear Amy had crossed the line of civility; at least in retrospect.
Maybe I should talk to Amy before I start thinking of other girls, thought David.  At least let her know we won't be seeing each other anymore.  We can always remain friends.  But something tells me she won't take the news well.  Something tells me she will be angry as hell.  Gosh, it's not like we are an "official" couple or something.  We had a flirtatious first meeting, and awkward first date, I'll admit with a great goodnight kiss; then a disaster of a second date that ended up in the sack.  I mean that last part was great and all but it really wasn't the right thing to do; probably.
David was really letting this get to him.  It's not usually like him to procrastinate so much but he could foresee a really bad outcome.  That is he could see Amy blowing up and being furious with him no matter how soft he let her down.  No matter what he planned to say to her, David could not figure out a way to ensure he wouldn't suffer the wrath of little Ms. Helmer.  
That's life buddy, I mean things aren't as simple as written plans and pros/cons lists.  No matter how you boil it down there's always that unknown factor; that human factor, even more so that woman factor.  I'm sure women think of it as "that man factor" as well and probably have every right to do so.  God knows we can all be difficult can't we?
David put down his violin and walked into the kitchen.  As he filled his glass with water he peered into the mirror over the sink.  Looking right into his own eyes as if seeing threw himself into the living room behind him, he thought:  it would be the gentlemanly thing to do ya know; to let Amy know it's over before I start up with another girl.  I mean we didn't see each other much, but we did sleep together.  David wondered whether sleeping with someone really meant anything deep down to Amy.  He seriously doubted it and so decided to once again save the Amy situation for another day.  Mistake?

***

David was not the least bit aware that while he was doing his little meet and greet with Jennifer in The Villa's parking lot, Amy was watching them from one of her apartment windows.  I'm not sure if anger is a strong enough word to describe what Ms. Helmer was feeling.  It strikes me odd when someone cares about something, or at least thinks they do as in Amy's case, and when things don't go their way they jump straight to anger.  Most people start with denial and then anger, ending up with bargaining, depression and finally, acceptance.  Right?  I mean isn't that the normal stages of the grieving process?  Amy didn't seem to have but two stages of grieving; anger and retaliation (or simply put; payback).  Wrath, yah wrath might be an even better term to describe it.  I mean this girl is an angry person, if she doesn't get her way she will get you for it.  She's beyond spoiled.  Most spoiled girls, or guys for that matter, kind of whine when they don't get their way.  Amy is way beyond that.  She doesn't waste her energy on whining when she knows she'll need it for the wrath she plans to exact in the end.  To be completely honest with you, and I'm a little ashamed to say it, but; Amy Helmer scares me.  I mean I would not want to piss her off that's for sure.  If David's not scared of her he damn well should be, or will be.  Scratch that maybe Jennifer should be the one that's the most scared, but she doesn't know Amy well enough to understand that ? yet.
As Amy watched Jennifer and David converse she felt her face flush and her ears set on fire.  Even her eyes burned as she grasped the window curtain so hard she put a permanent wrinkle in the fabric.  She thought back to her warning to Jennifer to stay away from David and knew she had made herself perfectly clear.  Obviously this little cutesy girl doesn't get it, thought Amy.  Thick headed, yes she must be thick headed not to have listened to me 'cause I know goddamn good and well that she heard me.  I don't like having to repeat myself and this little Jennifer gal only gets one warning and she's had it.  I've had it too, already had it up to here with the new kid in town.  Jennifer has made an enemy and I'm not a good enemy to have.  She'll find out, oh yah!  She'll find out.  Amy turned away from the window and shouted out loud:  "little bitch!"
Amy attempted, somewhat, to calm her anger but to no avail.  So she used the pent up energy to plan her attack on the pretty little new girl, Jennifer.  Not just an attack, but a punishment; or torture, she thought.  Yes torture, after crossing me she deserves no less.  Amy found herself pacing from her front room to the kitchen back and forth while noticing her reflection in the mirror over her sink.  She noted the red ears, the flushed cheeks and especially the furrowed brow.  She even thought in passing that if she gets wrinkles from her scrunched up face of anger it would be Jennifer's fault.  She was to blame for everything.  It's remarkable how little anger she had towards David.  She just thought boys will be boys; she expects men to wander, it's just that they normally wandered to her.  Jennifer is to blame, Amy stopped to fume in front of the mirror.
Amy was thinking of the things she had done in the past for pay back.  To all those that have crossed her when they should have known better, as well as all those that shouldn't have known better (or couldn't have anyway) but just needed to be taught a lesson.  From punctured tires, sugar in the gas tank, spreading viscous rumors, all of the above, and more.
Amy focused in on the spreading viscous rumors idea and thought back to one of her better deliveries of this wrath, which was her homecoming queen competition from high school.  She remembered the girls face but took many minutes to recall her name.  It was Rebecca, that's it, thought Amy.  The viscous rumor worked well in that case and may be my direction.  Or maybe I'll just do all of the above, at least in the mean time.  Rumors take time and I'm ready to exact some retribution now.  "It will please me", she said out loud into the mirror with a cackle that would chill anyone's bones.  
A force to be reckoned with, Amy was on the war path; so stand clear and hold onto your hats.  Something told me though, that Amy was just blowing hot air; that she wouldn't get around to such things as long as she fumed over them.  You're usually safe from Amy when she's thinking, because she's not much of a thinker/planner.  She's at her most dangerous when she just does things without thinking, that's where her bravery (or call it stupidity or evil) lies.  Although she certainly planned the destruction of Rebecca out; I suppose.
As Amy found herself in the kitchen anyway she thought it only fitting to find her way to the bottle.  Always an excuse for whiskey you know.  Good or bad times are excuse enough for Amy.  The first shot was pleasant but it took two more to bring on the clear calm.  Amy thought if there is a God he's blessed us with this fine drink.  I mean what could be better than the quiet numb, calming, and relaxation of straight up whiskey.  With its bold flavor, warm tummy, slight burn, subtle burnt oak after taste, mmm ? what could be better?
Now Amy is brave (or is it aggressive) when she's sober, but after a few drinks hurricane winds couldn't hold her back.  After more than a few drinks, more like six or seven whiskeys into her small frame, she was set on some good times.  "Booty call", that's what she called it.  Friends with benefits, and Amy has a lot of "boys she calls friends".  Joey will work tonight, thought Amy as she pulled the shot glass away from her lips.  A call, not asking but telling, Joey she would be there shortly (she didn't mind driving drunk) was all it took.  It wasn't like he'd say no.  Not very many men had the where-with-all to turn down the kind of offer Amy made on her booty calls.  It wasn't like she did it for the guy or anything.  Heavens no, quite the opposite, but it's not like a young man could not enjoy being taken to bed by the beautiful seductress Amy Helmer.  No matter how rude or unfeeling she was; no matter how selfish she was she always knew the guys enjoyed it.  It made her ego soar, when a guy worshiped her just to be with her.  No matter how mean she was they still could not resist her.
But, what lied beneath Amy's liquor induced joy was the real concern that she had stumbled across someone who could resist her.  She didn't kid herself; she knew David fell into bed with her on their last date because he thought he liked her.  She didn't want to admit it, but had to anyway, that once he stopped liking her she would have no power over him.  Amy knew this day would come if it hadn't already.  This worried her, but not enough to spoil her time with Joey.  She made the most of it and then made the most of it several more times.  She enjoyed being bad and that night she was extra bad and particularly naughty if you know what I mean.

***

Ya know what?  Jennifer and David's little parking lot introduction was innocent enough.  I mean it's not like Jennifer sought David out, or as if David planned the whole thing, like he thought;  I know I'll ignore Amy for a spell then I'll seek out the newest pretty girl to The Villa and introduce myself to her and hope Amy sees it so she gets upset.  Though Amy may believe that is exactly what happened.  Hell, Jennifer didn't even know she was talking to David, didn't get his name, didn't know this was the person Amy had warned her to stay clear of.  Not that the warning would have changed anything Jennifer did, but it was still just an innocent meeting; a happenstance, a chance encounter, or fate if you will.
Ya know what else?  While David is a good (or great) planner I doubt he would have the ability to plan out such a casual introduction to a pretty girl like Jennifer.  Oh, he's tried but the planning and preparation always ends up making him so nervous he stutters, or says the wrong thing, or trips as he approaches the girl, or doesn't make good eye contact, or in the worst circumstances actually says something that insults the girl.  He's quite the mess when he tries to plan out "chance" encounters with a girl.  No, David could not have even attempted to create the relaxed how do ya do to Jennifer that actually occurred.  Amy should know this, but even if she does, she doesn't care.  Like her drinking, Amy's anger doesn't need much reason to come to the front of her personality.  Any little thing will suffice for a reason to set her off.
I'm growing quite weary of little Ms. Amy Helmer's attitude around The Villa these days; and nearly all days for that matter.  What's worse is that her beauty, and even the way she carries that beauty, is so alluring that you can't help but being attracted to her.  It's like a moth to a flame; oh what a pretty light but it burns you if you get too close.  That's Amy Helmer in a nutshell.  But I grow increasingly annoyed with her negative angry behavior.  She's always stirring things up or keeping the pot boiling, which ever she decides is on the menu that day.  I mean without her it might be boring around here, but then again with her things can get quite tedious as well.
I guess what I'm trying to say is, I just wish she would grow up a bit; no, not a bit, a lot. Yes, a whole lot.  She simply behaves poorly, most of the time she is a tyrant really.  If she were a silent movie she would be splendid (sometimes I like to use fancy words), but since she has delved into the talking pictures she is a "B" class movie with poor character development and even worse dialogue.  Wretchedly boring, long winded and going nowhere fast.  That is what Amy would be if she were a movie.  The saddest thing is that the movie would still be a hit just because so many people would go see the movie to view Amy's beauty on a big screen.
Why do so many pretty people (I know not all but a lot of them, most I think, I fear) have to have such shallow personalities and poor behavior?  Is it because they know they can get away with it because of their enticing beauty?  I'm not just talking about women but men too.  I don't think there are any "pretty" men but I'm sure women do.  I'll bet Miss Donna would have some wise insight to these questions, maybe I'll ask her about it sometime.
Instead of choosing to grow up at an appropriate age Amy has decided to head down the path of partying, drinking and multiple partners.  Boys she calls "friends".  I suppose these things are fulfilling to her right now.  I suppose they are fulfilling to many people her age, but in the long run they leave you empty and alone.  A path to nowhere is what I've heard.
In my observations of folks like Amy they run the risk of ending up alone and empty.  Perhaps they were already empty that's what got them there?  Empty souls that is; void of any true feelings for others, only what they can do for you.  Life has to be about more than just yourself right?  I mean God didn't put us all here together to just have us care only about ourselves.  Surely not!  But ? I have to remember, you have to remember; Amy is an atheist.  She cares more about a fine bottle of whiskey, a fancy sporty car, an appropriately decorated apartment, the best clothes, the most expensive (and therefore best right?) dinners and the many, many sorted affairs with the naughtiest sex one can dream up.  She cares more about these things than relationships, than people and sometimes I wonder if she cares more about them than she cares about herself.  That may be what drives her ? maybe.  At times for me, trying to make sense of Amy Helmer is like trying to figure out why gravity works.  When I leap to an idea I always end up on the ground.
Chapter 17

Now you know David really loves his morning runs.  He enjoys the challenge of each step.  As he's begun training for the 5K fun runs he's found himself even more enthralled with the running game.  David thinks it's quite rewarding to push himself; finding that perfect pace for the first mile (David sometimes prefers to train in miles rather than kilometers ? this is Kentucky, USA).  A pace that is fast enough to warm you up but not so fast that you lose your breath or your calves start to burn.  Then maintaining that pace, simply holding on, for the second mile.  David's found that it actually feels like you are speeding up when really you are just maintaining the first mile pace, because you are starting to feel some fatigue.  At the end of the second mile (or several paces past the third kilometer, if he's using them) is when it really gets interesting.  Take off time!  This is when David speeds up significantly.  Lots of pain but he can fight through it.  Then sprint the last two tenths of a mile.
Each day he compares his actual running to his plan I mentioned earlier.  He's not following it to the letter because he's progressing faster than he thought he would.  He's conservative when he thinks about his abilities.  He uses this conservatism to build his confidence as he beats his plan.  A mental trick he capitalizes on.
But we've already gone over David's thoughts about his training plan before.  What's different about it now is that he decided to spice up his running with a new route about town.  Same distance, just a different route.  His reasoning for this was twofold.  First, running the same route can get boring, plain as that.  Second, running the same route can make you feel uncomfortable on other routes, simply because you are so accustomed to the landmarks and ups and downs of one route.  That is especially bad when you get on the race course and you feel uncomfortable.  So David decided to run a different route to keep his mind fresh and open to new things and therefore more relaxed on the race courses to come.  Pretty good logic don't ya think?
To David's surprise, and joy, as he started out on his new route, by pushing the button on his watch timer and taking off, he noticed Jennifer about a half a block ahead of him.  He thought, maybe I should sprint ahead and say hello but then decided just to run his normal pace and if he caught up he would give a howdy do.
After about, oh four or five blocks David was coming up beside Jennifer.  Purely by accident he startled her a little bit as he came into her peripheral vision.  She stepped sideways away from him slightly and stuttered her steps.
"Oh, sorry 'bout that; didn't mean to sneak up on ya," David said with a smile and a little breathing laugh.
"Oh that's OK," said Jennifer laughing a little at herself.  "I thought I was the only person that ran in this town, haven't seen anyone out running until today."
"I usually run a different route but thought I'd try a new one today," David said matter-of-factly.
"Well I'm glad you did," Jennifer replied thinking that may have come off a little strong.  After a little awkward silent moment went by she continued.  "You know I don't think I've gotten your name."
David thought to himself; thought back to their first meeting in the parking lot and realized he had failed to give it.  He blushed a little realizing he had not even properly introduced himself to Jennifer.  She had given her name but he had not; all his thoughts about her since their first meeting and she didn't even know his name.
David kind of turned sideways as he ran and put out his hand to shake hers, saying "Hi, I'm David Kerr".  It was an odd thing to do and didn't feel comfortable during a run.  Jennifer didn't seem to mind though and played along.
Jennifer stopped and faced David as he came to a stop.  "Jennifer Holmes nice to meet you David Kerr," said Jennifer with a little dip in her knees like someone might do when meeting a prince or something.  She meant it as humor and David recognized it and appreciated the personality she showed in the strange moment he had created by coming to a full stop.  They stood there and looked at each other with funny grins for several seconds then just as they both started to feel heat in their faces they laughed a little and turned back to running.  It was actually kind of a sweet moment; cornball, but sweet.
Now you can call it a coincidence or think of it irrelevant.  You can argue that opposites really attract and that's where true romance lives.  But ? having things in common is what makes a relationship work in the end; at least in my opinion.  I mean if you are attracted to someone but you like to do different things during your regular daily life; how long can it really last?  Well?
Anyways, where was I ? yah what I'm getting at is both Jennifer and David were thinking how great it was to find that they both had running in common.  It may seem trivial to a non-runner but to a dedicated runner it's pretty cool.  Understanding the runner's high, eating properly (or at least healthy most of the time), holding back on the alcohol, NO SMOKING, etc. These things are important to runners, of which David and Jennifer shared these things.
Hell, just having a habit of rising before the dawn is a pretty good thing to have in common.  I mean I know some people could make it work, but I'll bet in the long run most can't; that is if one mate is a night person and sleeps late while the other person is a morning person and gets up early, waking them up, banging around the house and all.  Elizabeth and I are both early (well fairly early) risers.  I couldn't imagine it any other way.  We start and end our days together.  I think it kind of creates a closer bond and helps that we don't run on different schedules.
Also, don't you think that, well at least in your early twenties, physical fitness is important?  We all know the first thing that attracts us is appearance and mannerisms.  It's only later that we come to know the person on the inside.  Anyways, Jennifer and David are both physically fit, both eat well, both drink rarely, don't smoke, rise early, bed down early, enjoy the sunrise and such.  These are pretty good things to have in common.  I think.
Getting off of my soapbox of what it takes to spawn a great connection between the opposite sexes; David and Jennifer were enjoying their first run together.  In their first little meet and greet it was casual, subtle and wholesome.  Not planned or even thought out well.
This chance encounter was not planned either but it had different undertones.  The brisk running as the sun peaks its way into horizon, the physical activity with sweating, heavy breathing and small choppy talk has sexual overtures and brings the spark of romance to them both.  What I mean is it's a little reminiscent of sex.  Ok, Ok I know this just might be on oversexed guy thing but bear with me.
You don't have to say that running and sex are in the same ball park but you do have to admit they are in the same league.  Well I guess you don't but hear me out.  Here are the common factors of both (at least when a man and woman that are attracted to each other run together as compared to ? well sex if they had it):  a connection, intense physical activity, panting, sweating, moving to heavy breathing, also a slow warm up period followed by a steady rolling motion, ending with a sprint to the end and then a sense of completion and relaxation.  Ok, maybe I'm just being a little goofy in trying to compare intense physical exercise with opposite sex to, well sex with the opposite sex; but I think you get my point.  Don't you?  Well if you don't then try this ? go to a gym sometime and workout with a guy or girl (preferably the one opposite to your sex, ha ha) you are attracted to.  See if you don't have thoughts beyond the simplicity of the workout once the panting and sweating starts.  Just try it.  You'll understand where I'm coming from.
All I'm really saying is these thoughts and feelings were running through both Jennifer and David's minds at the same time.  Yet another thing they have in common.  A mutual attraction and mutual interests can be a good catalyst to begin a romance, and they both felt good about it.
Each step felt like slow motion but not slow enough.  The time together was a joy but when you don't want it to end it seems to fly by.  They were both experiencing one of the easiest runs they've ever had.  If you've ever tried to run hard while you talk to someone you know how it can take your breath away.  It didn't matter in this case as the excitement of the moment and the great small talk allowed David and Jennifer to keep their minds off of the run and on each other, thereby not feeling the normal fatigue of a brisk jog.  It was quite invigorating.
"So ? how long have you been running," asked David while keeping his eyes on the road ahead?
"Don't you know?  You're the one with the watch on aren't you timing us?"  Jennifer hoped David didn't take her sense of humor as too sarcastic.
David let out a friendly laugh. "No, no I mean how long have you been running as a ? a hobby."  Hobby or sport what is running really, thought David?  Probably sport.
"Oh, I know I was just kidding witcha'.  I've been running several years now I really enjoy it."  Jennifer seemed to quicken her pace a bit as she said "enjoy it".  David kept in step.
"Me too ? I mean for years and enjoying it and all.  I can barely rise in the morning without my run.  When I have to rest on my off days it's hard to function sometimes."
"I know what you mean, it's like you don't sleep as well and the morning just drags without that daily run," Jennifer replied with a quick glance over to David then back to the street.
As they came to a patch in the road with no visible traffic coming their way Jennifer took a longer glance over at David as he ran.  She couldn't help but notice that he appeared to be in peak physical condition; an athlete's condition, not just your average morning jogger.  Perhaps she was being too generous in her assessment but she was alright with that.  Jennifer also noticed that David was keeping in step with her pace.  Based on what she knew:  years of running, love of running, appearance of being in great shape; she's pretty sure he runs fast.  At least faster than they were running then, probably faster than her anytime.  
He's showing good social etiquette by caring more about me than his workout, Jennifer thought to herself with a smile.  She recalled running with a few diehard runners that can't seem to focus on anything except their workout.  Seemed to be more so in the men.  She's found they either try to push you to run faster, or they simply run off and leave you.  Doesn't make much sense to say "hey let's go run together" and then they run off and leave you running alone.  I can run alone anytime, she thought.
"Thank You," said Jennifer after a long quiet moment of nothing but foot falls and choppy breaths.
"You're welcome ? Umm, what did I do," asked David realizing you take your thank you's when you can get them?
"Running my pace, I'm sure you usually go quite a bit faster than this ? David."  Jennifer put a nice cutesy inflection on his name.
"Oh no, this is fine with me ? a good pace ? good run."
Jennifer again appreciated the polite nature David exuded.  She thought, it's not every day you find someone so aware of other people's feelings; especially, in a young man.
"Soooo ? why haven't I seen you out running before," asked Jennifer just trying to keep the conversation going.
"Oh, I've been running another route ? but I think I'll run this one more often now," David replied with a smile while turning a little sideways as he ran, providing Jennifer with some meaningful eye contact.
"Gosh, you already told me about running another route didn't you?"  Jennifer felt a little silly when she realized she had asked David a question he'd already answered.
"That's Ok; it's not a very memorable route anyways ? not as pretty as this one."  David was trying to be slick now.  He was sure, as Jennifer seems quite intelligent, she'll get his point of what really makes this route more pretty.  She did get it and blushed just a little.
"Flattery will get you everywhere," said Jennifer with a soft giggle.
"Ev-er-y-where," replied David with a quick glance to Jennifer and a saccharine little wink.  He immediately wondered if it was too much.
Jennifer laughed, so David laughed and they continued running along that Owensboro, Kentucky street with these goofy little grins on their faces.  Ah, the joys of young hope and possibly the beginnings of young love.
Now, my thoughts are that the spark that has been lit between David and Jennifer is a good thing.  Jennifer seems like a nice person and David is too.  They are a good match.  There commonalities run fairly deep and that will bode well for a stronger bond than ever could have been reached between David and Amy.  I'm not going to put Amy down again but she and David are just too different to make it.  Amy really has no desire for a lasting and meaningful relationship anyway.  David needs this.   He's not interested in "playing the field".  That's an overrated game in my opinion.  I could have played around for years before I settled down with Elizabeth but that would not have made me feel any better about myself than finding Elizabeth and falling in love.  Just knowing she's there for me and believes in me is much more fulfilling than sewing any wild oats.  Deep down most men know this.  Foolin' around is just a waste of time.  Life is about relationships, love, companionship, thinking about someone besides yourself, two making one and then growing into a family.  Listen to me getting all mushy and such!
Also, apparently runners are kind of like a fraternity, or at least a tight nit group, and Jennifer and David having this in common is a big deal.  I suppose only a runner would know how big a deal it really is.  I guess what might seem trivial to me is important to them.  Then again I once read that as much as seventy percent of people meet their spouse in the workplace.  That's sure a commonality, or at least a similar interest or life direction, so I guess I can understand the importance of doing the same things together.  Do you think it's not the common interest of the type of work, but rather simply the fact that the people are together so much in the workplace?  Maybe I'll pick Miss Donna's brain about that sometime as well.  Or maybe I'll just chalk it up to "you can't believe everything you read".
If simply running wasn't enough David and Jennifer found even more in common:
"So how far do you normally like to run," asked Jennifer starting to get some wind in her voice?
"Oh, three or four miles will usually cure what ails ya."  David thought he sounded witty with this reply.
"You're kidding; me too," replied Jennifer with a deep breath.  David slowed up just a bit when he noticed Jennifer getting tired.  She noticed and appreciated this.
"Next you're going to tell me you run even when it's raining," Jennifer said while settling into a more comfortable pace.
"Well, you're not a real runner if you let Mother Nature keep you down."  David didn't usually run if there was ice on the road, or serious snow, but other than that he was out there.
"You got it," replied Jennifer with a laugh.
They both thought it would be great to have a running partner.  Running is so much more fun with a partner.  After all they both run at about 5:30am, even if raining, for the same distance and well ? almost the same pace.  It really was exciting to them.
Finishing the trip out was always more like the warm up of the run.  As David and Jennifer made the turnaround to head back towards The Villa they made direct eye contact and David said this is where the fun starts.  Jennifer was up for it as they sped up a half step.  No pain no gain.
I remember a few years back I'd been eating too much; a lot too much really, so Elizabeth decided to put me on an exercise regimen.  This included running every other day.  I was Ok for ? oh about a minute and a half.  Then I ran out of steam.  Now, I'm sure with time running gets easier, but when you're carrying a little extra baggage around and you're not in the best shape in the first place it ain't no fun.  I didn't complain to Elizabeth though.  I didn't keep running though either.  I switched from regular Dr. Pepper to Diet Dr. Pepper.  It tasted nasty at the beginning but kind of grows on you over time.  Anyways, I usually drink six or eight each day (I know I know I should drink more water but hey, I like to taste what I drink) so cutting out the one thousand or so empty calories took the weight off.  Elizabeth was happy, therefore so am I.  She didn't mind my appearance, she's not like that, she was just worried about my health.  Gotta love her for taking care of me.
As Jennifer and David put most of the run behind them and neared within two blocks or so of The Villa they glimpsed at each other and nodded.  I'm guessing it's a common signal for runners, 'cause they knew what each other meant without even saying a word.  Off they went, speeding up considerably, almost at a full speed sprint.  Holding this speed for, oh say two-tenths or maybe even a quarter of a mile, is quite an accomplishment I think; especially after about three miles of brisk running beforehand.
Huffing and puffing as they entered the courtyard they slowed to a walk and kept going around the gazebos in a small lap.  They continued this a few times and then they both did these funny little stretching exercises.  I know it's so they don't cramp up later, but it still looks kinda silly.  Anyways, they then smiled at each other and said good run and provided each other with a sappy little high five as they parted to return to their respective apartments.  Quite cute.  They both looked back at each other as they reached their apartment doors.  They felt good inside and couldn't wait for the next morning run; to see if the other shows up at the same time and same place.  Their butterflies weren't just because of the hard sprint at the end of the run.
Chapter 18

Unbeknownst to either David or Jennifer, as they pulled into The Villa's courtyard after their run they had a pair of eyes noticing them; that is beyond mine.  Just by happenstance, well maybe, Frank was looking out his kitchen window at the courtyard.  Not necessarily innocently, he noticed Jennifer and David running in together and then walking a few laps around the gazebos.  He found this amusing and even let out a belly laugh when they started stretching.  The real icing on the cake though was the high five; this made him jump out of his chair with a big grin and walk to the window.  Getting a better look he noticed how they peered back at each other as they entered their apartment doors.  Romance is afoot, thought Frank.
Maybe David's taken my advice about that Amy Helmer character, thought Frank.  That would make him smart and maybe that would be giving him too much credit.  No, I'm sure he listened to me.  Well then again maybe David's one of those fellows that plays the field a lot; gets around, lays pipe; to be crude.  Frank laughed out loud as he walked towards his coffee pot for another cup.
Frank thought back to his introduction to Jennifer Holmes.  She's a nice girl.  Well, at least she's nice for kids these days; I mean they're all so damn rude!  But Jennifer really wasn't, she seemed to have more poise than most; a kind of graceful intelligence so to speak.  I like her.  She's a better catch for David than little Ms. Helmer.  I approve.
Just as a side note here let me tell you that I like Frank.  Even if I didn't Elizabeth would make sure I treated him well as she thinks he's a lonely old guy that deserves pity.  Notice I didn't say she said he deserves respect.  But anyway ... I find it just hilarious that Frank actually believes his "approval" is necessary before the residents of The Villa can spark up a romance.  I'm not kidding here, I've seen him (and heard him) tell people he doesn't even know how to live their lives.  He says it in such a funny way though you can't help but like the guy.  He's quite the busy body, but you just can't help but like him.  He's got the traits of a fun loving old guy along with many annoying intelligence/ego/Ph.D. things.  Know what I mean?  Well at times he's kind of like the affable class clown mixed with the hard-ass homeroom teacher in the second grade.  He can leave you not knowing which way to turn.  Perhaps that's part of his charm, he may be annoying but at least he's only rarely boring.  As I'd mentioned before he's complicated.  Seriously, just look the word up in the dictionary and you'll see a picture of Frank with a shit eating grin on his face!

***

It was only a couple of days after Jennifer and David's first run, and Amy was just finishing up her workout.  She likes to go to a little gym just around the corner from The Villa called "Anytime Fitness".  Anytime fit her schedule as she was not an early riser and as a matter of fact, not really on any set schedule at all.
While some people are a little self conscious about working out in public, Amy is not.  It's understandable I suppose when you're always the most attractive person in the room.  But, Amy goes a little overboard with it; as she tends to do with most things.  Wearing next to nothing; I'll explain.  From the bottom up, anklet socks, white tennis shoes of a stylish brand, tight spandex shorts and one of those string like sports bras usually in a bright color.  Wow!  You couldn't miss her let me tell ya.
Amy would do the exercises that required a lot of bending over and twisting and heaving, like rolling backwards on a large exercise ball or toe touches or those things where you lay on the floor with your legs spread eagle and you lean over and touch each toe.  She didn't seem to be working out as much as she was putting on a show for her fellow gym rats.  Amy would either be staring at herself in the large mirrors that surrounded the gym walls or she would be glancing about and using her peripheral vision to see who all was watching her ? umm form so to speak.  It was fun for her.  It was eye candy for the others.
Anyways, she had just finished up her workout and made her way back to The Villa.  As she entered the courtyard she saw Frank standing at the pool with a cup of coffee in his hand.  He looked as if he were waiting on her.
Little did Amy know that he actually was waiting on her.  Frank was in a trouble making mood and he knew just how to stir the pot this day.  Amy had a good workout and was in one of her better frames of mind, not really prepared for games from Frank today.
Frank's mind was racing as he took a sip from his coffee mug and couldn't help but notice the lack of clothing Amy had on.  When she wiped her forehead with a beach towel she was carrying he noticed the ripple in her stomach muscles and the tone of her arms.  Mesmerizing, he thought.  He could see what young men were attracted to as he could barely take his eyes off of the curve of her hip from her tight waist.  No harm in looking, Frank mumbled to himself then snapped out of it.
Physically attractive she is, but lacking class she is more.  Frank was working hard to talk himself out of the attraction to her form.  In that moment he almost forgave David for his attraction to Amy.  After all with all those hormones of a young man and her come hither attitude how could he have resisted?  Frank tried to forgive and then tried again.  Not my best trait, he thought, I'll work on it another time.
Frank now began to smirk as he lowered his coffee mug and took a half step towards Amy, squaring his shoulders to fully face her.  Still thinking about how he'd planned this little "chance" encounter with the pretty little Ms. Helmer.  He knew when she wore her little, very little, outfit she had on she was going to the gym (you tend to subconsciously bank the schedules of your fellow tenants in an apartment building like The Villa).  He also knew about how long she would be gone, so he just planned to be by the pool when she returned and then "accidentally" bump into her.  A perfect plan he thought with one of his patented grins.  In a way he felt bad about being so scheming but in another way he was truly bored and thought the combination of stirring up some trouble along with teaching (he's all about the teaching) Amy a lesson would be both exciting and serve the good of the world.  Frank paused on this thought.  Yes, this is for the good of the world.  People like Amy Helmer need to be taught a lesson; any lesson, many lessons or something anyway.  Maybe punished is a better way to put it.
"Well, well, well Ms. Helmer."  Frank sounded like he was informing a student of an "F" on her mid-term.  "Looks like you've lost your man.  Lost him to another workout partner ? perhaps she found an outfit skimpier than yours."  Frank held eye contact with Amy as if in a contest to stare her down.
"Is that right now," replied Amy as if she knew something Frank didn't?
"Yep, saw them jogging together this morning ? makin' little lovie dovie faces at each other and laughing and carrying on and such."  Frank really saw no harm in exaggerating a bit.  Amy deserved no less.
"You wouldn't be telling stories now would you, Frank?"  Amy knew how Dr. Whitney disliked being called by his first name, especially by young folks. Frank, Frank, Franky she thought.
"'Fraid not girly ? seen them with my own two eyes right here at The Villa.  Maybe if you weren't down there flirtin' with all the boys at the gym you'd a been here to intercept them."  Frank didn't mind being rude, or crude, to Amy about her exploits with boys.  He figured it was for her own good to face the facts.
"Well Frank, I suppose what I do with my time is no concern of yours," Amy was growing weary of Professor Whitney's tone.
"True ? true, I just thought you'd like to know that you must be slippin' if you can't hold a guy like David."
"What the hell's that supposed to mean?"  Amy was beginning to show her anger, mostly in her red ears.
"Oh nothing ? nothing ? just that it looks like the pretty little Jennifer and David have a lot in common.  A lot more in common than you'd probably like to admit."  Frank took a sip of his coffee and looked to the sky as if contemplating a serious thought.
Amy didn't immediately reply.  She fell into her mind with deep thought and furious anger.  She was searching for answers to how this could happen to her.  She wondered if Frank was just pulling her leg.  He's such an ass and a busy body, she thought.  It's not beneath Franky boy to use creative facts (or lies really) just to stir up trouble.  What a goddamn ass.
While Amy was doing a fairly good job of controlling her anger vocally it was impossible for her to control the visual cues.  At first it was just the red ears, but once she began thinking with an angry mind her cheeks became flushed and even her neck began showing little red blotches.  She was headed to an angry place.
"Something wrong ? Amy," Frank asked sarcastically as he noticed her face turning red?
"Not at all, Frank ? why do you ask?
"Oh, I guess you just look a bit upset.  I surely hope I didn't distress you by informing you of the time Jennifer and David are spending together.  I only told you about it to help you out."  This little speech didn't even convince Frank himself that his motives were pure.
"I see ? I see," replied Amy beginning to gain her composure again.
"Seeing the problem is the first step towards solving the problem.  The second step is not denying the problem is real and exists."  Frank was trying to act like Professor Whitney again, but knew he was really just ticking Amy off.
"Wow Frank, you are just full of worldly advice today aren't you?  Perhaps you should write a book and teach the world how to live.  Then they could all be lonely old farts just like you ? living alone and stickin' their noses in everybody else's business all the time."  Amy knew she was disrespecting an elder but her anger outweighed any attempt towards politically correct behavior.
"Ouch Amy," replied Frank with a grin.  "Sticks and stones sweetie ? maybe you should save your best barbs for Jennifer and David.  Perhaps, that would solve your problems."
"We'll see ? we'll see," replied Amy as she abruptly walked away from Frank at the pool side.  Approaching her apartment she realized she had begun to sweat again, but this time from a mental workout.
Frank felt pretty good about himself most of the rest of the day.  He gets a pretty big kick about of his negative gossip ? is there really any other kind of gossip but negative?  Anyways ? he certainly gets a thrill out of stirring the pot.  I can't completely blame him in riling up little Ms. Helmer, she can be quite a pest to The Villa at times.  Although, like I mentioned it could also get pretty boring around here without her.
Frank made his way back to his apartment and freshened up his coffee cup.  He settled down at the kitchen table to scrounge through the local fish wrapper; a fender bender downtown, an eighteen wheeler full of pigs turned over on the highway, the locals sports team's hopes, and of course the wonderful opinion page.  Frank loved to read the opinion page and then dissect each nuance of the philosophy.  He found it to be a worthwhile venture, but oddly; he rarely wrote in to the paper to express his opinions.  Maybe he likes saving them for the tenants of The Villa?
After reading the paper Frank went about his normal daily routine.  Monotonous really.  He often finds himself doing certain things throughout his day just because that's what he's always done.  He even thinks some of his routines lost their meanings more than half a decade ago, but they keep him busy and that's really what he needs.  Idle hands of the devil's play thing; and Frank's mind can race if left to itself; let alone his hands.
Late in the day simply going through the motions of routine did allow freedom of mind for Frank to fully reflect back on his pool side discussion with Amy.  He actually found himself feeling kind of bad about what he'd done.  What!  Professor Frank Whitney, Ph.D. has a conscience?  Yes indeed Frank was a little embarrassed by what he'd done and wondered if he should attempt to fix the issue.  He quickly realized there was probably nothing he could do to resolve the issues he's brought to Amy's attention.  Frank thought to himself, bell's rung, milks spilled, cat's out of the bag.  No use in harpin' on it now.  However, while that may be the case; Frank still felt some remorse for his adolescent behavior.  Well we can't all be perfect, was the last thought Frank allowed himself to have on the issue.  Moving on ?
At this point it probably goes without saying that Amy was PO'd.  It was times like these that reminded her of why her true best friend lived in the bottom of a glass.  Now don't get me wrong, I'm not saying Amy is bad because she drinks a lot.  There are a lot of good people that drink.  Amy has a bad side regardless of the drink.  Drinking just tends to make her bad side ? well, worse.  Or maybe we should make up a word to really describe the gravity of the issue ? say worst-est-er?  Yah something like that.  Anyways, Ms. Helmer made her way to the kitchen and to her trusty whiskey bottle.
With two fold reasoning Amy delved into the bottle.  First she had worked out hard and deserved a treat, and second she deserved to have a nerve calmer after having to deal with that ass Frank Whitney character.  Oh, thought Amy, a third good reason; that Jennifer's really ticked me off.
As Amy moved herself towards sweet inebriation she began to come up with more and more reasons why she should reward herself with whiskey.  Things like, it's past noon, you're only young once, and the immortal; sometimes you just have to say "what the f*ck".  Pretty classy thoughts huh?  By the way I can't completely spell out the really bad words, 'cause if Elizabeth read this she'd give me the what for.  So there you are.
Once Amy was good and sloshed she moved back toward her boy toy mentality.  Not Joey this time but another J ? Jake.  Another quick phone call promising naughty things, and a sporty red car driven under the influence and Amy was making the most of her youth; well as she sees it.  Just risky and reckless behavior no matter how you cut it.  Shame on me for being so judgmental; how will I ever forgive myself?
Chapter 19

After about a week of morning runs together with small talk all along the way, David summoned the nerve to ask Jennifer out to dinner.  It was quite difficult for him because his hopes were high.  It went something like this:
"So-o-o," David had choppy speech somewhat because he was winded from running but mostly because he was nervous as hell.  "So-o-o, Jennifer I was wondering if you'd like to go to dinner this Saturday night," his vocal cadence was extremely fast and a bit high pitched.  While Jennifer really only took about four seconds to answer, it felt like a lifetime to David.  He had really thought through the risks and defined them as:  we have a good thing starting with this running together, if I ask her out and she doesn't want to she may also feel uncomfortable running with me.  But ? if she wants me to ask her out and I don't she may think being with me is a waste of time.  Is there any way to win, he thought?  In the end he decided just to risk it, and go for it.
"Sure, that sounds great," replied Jennifer with happiness in her voice.  She felt excitement and joy.  David felt surprise and relief.  It was an awkward moment that came through in the end with positive results.  Both David and Jennifer quickened their strides without even noticing; it was a burst of energy from positive minds.

***

On Saturday Jennifer was getting ready for dinner with the radio on.  She was doing little funny dances as she pranced from her closet to her bed, laying the clothes across the mattress and assessing their appropriateness.  David and Jennifer had agreed on casual attire at the end of their last run together.
Based on the small talk, getting to know David, and seeing what he wore to run in, Jennifer felt quite comfortable sporting a pair of jeans, nice blouse and a stylish pair of Con's.  Even though they'd not agreed on jeans she was sure he'd wear them, she could just tell that about him.  He was a t-shirt and jeans kind of guy and she like the simplicity.
Jennifer was pretty good with her observations as David did indeed intend to wear his jeans; his best jeans at that.  However, his process of getting ready for the dinner date wasn't quite as relaxing as Jennifer's.  He quickly picked out his jeans and shoes (a pair of nice cross-trainers), but when it came to the shirt things were more difficult.
Not to break away on a tangent here ? but I'm gonna ? I don't think gals quite understand how hard it is for most fellows to get ready for a date.  Most of the time guys could care less about what they wear, and about half of the time they could care less if what they're wearing is even clean.  But on an important date where you want to look your best a guy knows he has to wear the right thing.  This is stressful, big-time.  Yes I know women go through a lot more to get ready for a date than a man, but women tend to know what looks good and guys tend to hope and pray they choose the right thing to wear.
Anyways, David was having a difficult time with what shirt to wear.  He stood in front of the mirror on the back of his closet door for a good forty-five minutes trying on just about every shirt he had.  From t-shirts, polo shirts, knit shirts, long sleeve casual shirts; for some reason he even tried on an old three quarter arm-length baseball shirt he had in there.  He laughed at himself when he looked in the mirror and lightened the mood by putting on this novelty baseball cap that had the words "I'm a Farm Leaguer" on it.  It was a gag gift he received from a friend in college during his sophomore year.  He looked quite hilarious in that getup.
After growing weary of clothing, David decided on a light blue polo shirt with a simple white stripe across the chest.  He worried a little about too much blue, with the blue jeans and a blue shirt of similar color, but he was tired of the whole process and just decided to wear it.  Sometimes you've just got to go with your gut, he thought as he tussled his hair in front of the mirror for the last time before making his way to his front door.
To David's surprise, and happiness, his butterflies began to subside as he approached Jennifer's apartment door.  He wasn't used to this feeling; in fact he'd never had it before.  Usually he would feel more butterflies just before picking up a date, not less.  He took this as a good sign that he felt calm and relaxed in the presence of Jennifer Holmes.  This is nice, he thought as he softly rapped on her door.
Jennifer quickly answered the door and was ready to head out.  She was a little surprised when she saw the polo shirt on a t-shirt and jeans guy, but she thought it a nice touch.  They smiled at each other and said some pleasantries as she closed the door behind her and they headed towards the parking lot.
As Jennifer and David approached his car David thought back to Amy's reaction to his stellar automobile.  He hoped that he didn't see the same behavior in Jennifer; that would be disappointing to say the least.  He did not, as Jennifer didn't really even seem to notice.  It seemed as if it was just a means from place to place to her.
That's what it seemed to David, but Jennifer did notice the old jalopy; but ? not in a negative way.  Some folks see material things as extensions of themselves ? like you are what you drive kinda crap.  Others see minimalism as a choice and a desire to focus your life on more important things, like people; friendships, relationships, family and such.  Jennifer is the latter.
Up on my soap box again just for a second here:  some people think the American dream is the freedom to become rich and have all the things you want, you know that the whole idea of democracy is really just the capitalistic economy and accumulation of wealth and power.  Others believe the American dream is the freedom of choice, ideas, speech and opinion; the freedom to not accumulate "stuff" and to focus your time and energy on more important things.  Freedom does not equal capitalism and vice versa, especially when capitalism is thought narrowly as simply buy, buy, buy.  I wish more people focused less on accumulating stuff and more on just enjoying the freedoms we have to make good choices.  I wish I were more like that too.  I think Jennifer is a lot like that.
Ok, where was I?  Oh, yah ? Jennifer noticed that David's car wasn't new and flashy and she thought it was a good thing really; kind of showing that he doesn't focus his energies on worldly things so much.  It really didn't even cross her mind whether or not he could afford a better car.  She just figured with his level of intelligence he surely could if he wanted to.  She has a positive nature like that.
"So Jennifer, we've been running together for a while now right," asked David?
"Yup", replied Jennifer wondering what was coming.
"Well, we kind of know each other a little right," David had a tinge of concern in his voice?
"Ah ? yah," she answered with heightened intrigue.
"Well ? can I ask you an important personal question?"
"Sure," Jennifer immediately got butterflies in her stomach.
"Do you like Chinese food," David asked with a quick glance over to Jennifer and a big goofy grin?
"I love it," replied Jennifer with relief.  She wasn't sure what he was getting at before, but now she knew he was just creating a theatrical moment.
"Great!  You want to head on over to the Chinese buffet?"  David was relived; he jokingly thought to himself, this whole thing would have to be called off if she didn't like Chinese food.  I can't fall for a girl that doesn't like Chinese food!
"Sounds like a good plan," said Jennifer while situating herself in the passenger seat; kind of leaning over towards David.  A gesture he liked.
Upon arriving at the New China Buffet, David shut the engine off and asked Jennifer to hold on a minute.  He then jumped out of the car and ran around and opened her door.  An old fashioned maneuver that while some may think fatuous, Jennifer thought was endearing of a polite demeanor.  David felt a little silly after he opened the door and jokingly said "Ma' Lady".  Jennifer kept the cheer going though with a polite giggle.
As they walked toward the restaurant they found themselves so close that they brushed hands several times along the way.  While waiting to be seated Jennifer leaned in so close to David that he could smell her hair.  It smelled of vanilla and freshly cut roses.  The moment made him quite dizzy.
Once seated at a booth, just about in the middle of the room, they ordered their drinks, both having water with lemon, and began to converse; nothing too deep, but just right.  Where did you grow up, how many siblings (if any) do you have, did you enjoy high school, wasn't college better, what were your plans after college and how do they compare to now ? let's hit the buffet.
David followed Jennifer to the buffet and took the opportunity to notice her form in her tastefully faded jeans.  She was stunning.  David loves a runner's body; so fit and trim.  He thought to himself, women always seem to have something endearing about them regardless of little, big, short or tall; but a women that runs seems to have such a tone to her; it's mesmerizing!
Jennifer got a little bit of everything but more of the noodles.  Girls seem to always like the noodles for some reason.  David stacked his first plate, nearly full, with sesame chicken, beef with broccoli, steamed rice, Peking ravioli's and topped off with three crab rangoons.  He also brought a bowl of sweat and sour sauce to the table, along with a small plate of hot mustard; the kind of hot mustard that will set the back of your head on fire if you spoon too much onto your rice.
Upon returning to the table they took a brief hiatus from the chit chat to delve into their meals.  David noticed Jennifer's perfect table manners.  No elbows on the table, fork held daintily, one small cut of food at a time (not cutting everything up at once as he does on the kitchen counter when home alone), closed mouth and slow chewing.  He found himself maybe watching her too closely, so he focused on his food.  It was very good and so was the company.
Jennifer had begun thinking of how nice this was just to have a quiet meal with a nice guy.  She pondered about how many of her friends thought "nice guys" were boring.  She felt otherwise, maybe it was her nature as a librarian but she likes the calm nature of a polite man.  Stability is maturity in the real world, she thought.  Bad boys are just not real.  They are actors; that goes for bad girls too, after all when it comes right down to it we are all venerable and want to have someone we can count on; someone to hold late at night we can trust.  Oh, and she also was thinking the food was just great as well.
"So what are your dreams David?"  Jennifer realized this was a pretty in-depth question for a "first date", but felt alright with it because while it was technically a first date they had spent quite a bit of time together, running and talking, over the past week or so.  She felt like she knew David a lot more than a first date would imply.  She felt comfortable with him.
"I'm dreaming of a second helping," replied David with a boyish smile.  He then thought to himself, I hope I don't have food in my teeth.  "I'll tell you what Jennifer, if you'll excuse me just two seconds I'll think about my answer as I fill another plate."  Jennifer noticed he ate pretty fast and another heaping plate would be a lot of food, but she also knew that consistent running covered up occasional sins of the fork.
As David passed Jennifer and headed toward the buffet Jennifer couldn't help but lean out of the booth a little and glance over her shoulder.  She loved an athletic man in jeans.  She didn't avert her eyes from his back pockets until she realized he had glimpsed back and seen her.  They both grinned.
As David was spooning the sweet and sour chicken on to his plate he found himself thinking, why not just tell her flat out.  I know it's not good to jump in but sometimes you have to take risks.  I'm comfortable with Jennifer like I've never been with a girl before.  I can sense she's comfortable with me too.  Hell, I'll just answer her.  David spun around on his heel and headed back to the booth.  Confidence was in his every stride.  Confidence that would falter with too much thought, so he stopped his mind and just decided to act.
As he sat down Jennifer looked up at him.  "So is that brain food?  Think it'll help with  your answer?"  Jennifer had a sheepish grin.
"Well I don't know about that but I'll tell ya what ?" David took a bight of his food.
"What's that David?"
"Well you seem like a really nice person and I know I'm being awfully forward but ?" David paused as Jennifer appeared to want to say something.
"Wow, you really have something to say don't you, not just normal first date drivel."  Jennifer couldn't help but be impatient, she was quite excited.
"Well I do have something to say and I'm bound to have both feet wet afterwards."
"Shoot," said Jennifer putting her fork down and leaning forward a bit.
"I consider myself to be a simple man, so I'll sum up my dreams like this:  to meet someone like you Jennifer."  David sort of held his breath after speaking and slowly leaned back in his seat.  He was prepared for the worst, though hoping for the best.  Mostly he was prepared for a long awkward silence.  He didn't get it.
"I feel the same," quickly replied Jennifer with a smile.  "I'm glad you feel it too ? when it's there it's there isn't it?"
"It certainly is ? it certainly is," replied David as they both casually returned to eating as if they'd only spoken something that was so well known already, such a fact, that saying it was just a formality.  They both knew what was going on.  Call it fate?
The remainder of the dinner conversation went by as they tend to do.  As they made their way back to the car there hands had not opportunity to simply brush up against each other; as they were holding hands.  Quite lovely really; really it was.
The drive home was pleasant as most drives in Owensboro are.  The hand holding continued in the car and carried over into little swinging arms as they walked across the parking lot (David made sure to park in a back parking space as he didn't want to spoil the evening with a tongue lashing from Frank) toward The Villa's courtyard.
Once they reached Jennifer's apartment door they both took a deep breath, reminiscent of the breath taken just before they take off into the sprint part of their daily runs together.  There was no hesitation from either, they both seemed to know it was Ok, seemed to know what the other was thinking.  David leaned in and Jennifer did as well.  A nice kiss, not too much, not too little; and oh yah, a little French mixed in with the Chinese this evening.  They parted with a smile and extended arms to release the hand holding.
Something told me that regardless of the end result of Jennifer and David's relationship this night would be one they would remember for a long time to come; perhaps a lifetime.  Not because of the fine cuisine or the lavish coach ride to the restaurant, but the absolute connection two people made.  It was unmistakable and life altering.  Ah ? young love.
There's really no need for me to go into how David and Jennifer felt about the date.  It's the same way I feel about Elizabeth, it's the way you feel about your loved one.  You know David and Jennifer lie awake all night staring at the ceiling with dopy grins on their faces.  Just like Elizabeth and I did when we first felt the spark of love.  Just like you did when you fell in love.  Didn't you now? ????. I thought so.
Chapter 20

The odor of banana bread baking in the oven always makes Miss Donna think of her Grandmother.  She makes banana bread so often for just this reason.  Miss Donna will sometimes keep the bread around the apartment for visitors, but more often than not she'll bake up several loaves and go hand them out to her neighbors at The Villa.  She is just like that.  No need to place an order 'cause Miss Donna will come 'round and surprise you with a warm tasty gift; seems like she does this about once or twice a month.  It gives her joy in two ways, first giving to others and a close second she feels it's a tie to her Grandmother.  She sure holds her in high esteem, and for good reason I understand.
So Miss Donna was filling her apartment with the aroma of banana bread and deciding who she should give to this time.  She decided to keep one loaf in the apartment and give the other three away.  The Allen family a few doors down should get two loaves, with the kids and all.  Great kids, she thought.
Now, deep in the back of Miss Donna's mind was really why she started this batch of banana bread in the first place.  She tried to kid herself into thinking this round of baking was for the greater good, but she really only had the one reason in mind when she started.  She wanted to deliver a special banana bread loaf to Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D.  That's right she was going to try to make a connection with Frank.  Again that is, as this wouldn't be the first time she's tried to approach him; of course in a soft manner not being too pushy.  There's just something about that man, she thought to herself.  I just find something intriguing about him. 
As she slipped on her over mittens to slide the tray out and have a quick look at her work (she doesn't need to do this 'cause she knows exactly how long it takes to bake the loaves, but she likes to have a more hands on involvement if you know what I mean), she could see her Grandmother doing the same.  Miss Donna saw herself as a young girl sitting at her Grandmother's kitchen table, the smell of her Grandpa's cigarettes being overpowered by the banana bread in the air.  She remembered how the sun shone through the kitchen window and created a line that nearly cut the kitchen in perfect halves.  Recalling how her Grandmother would get up and down from the table to do little cooking things but always to return and talk to her in that soft reassuring tone.  Explaining to little Donna how cooking is good for the soul and just as good for covering up those damn cigarettes your Grandpa insists on smoking in the house.  Miss Donna let the process of baking and the odors it created take her back to some of the best times in her life.
It's amazing how many blessings I've had, thought Miss Donna.  Not every young child has someone to teach her the important things in life; the simple things in life.  Kids are so impressionable and they just soak up everything they see and hear.  I'm so thankful to the good Lord for giving me all he has.  I was able to soak up the good things as a child; can't really even 'member a bad time.  Oh, sure like most kids I got my feelings hurt from time to time; like from a bully at school, a skinned knee, a love not reciprocated, a flat on my bicycle, having to go to bed early, not understanding why it's so hard to wake up on Monday mornings, the loss of my favorite puppy dog.  But ? all and all my childhood was glorious; and has only been enhanced in the mythology of my mind as I've grown older.  The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away; but I think he giveth me a lot more than he taketh!
Miss Donna has such a positive way about her.  Frank does not; but is he just playing that part?  Perhaps Frank and Miss Donna aren't really that much different.  Like Elizabeth and I; I mean we have some striking differences but we are pretty similar in our moral makeup.  I kinda think Miss Donna sees the same in Frank.  She's usually right about these things you know; she's darn wise.
Just before her bread was finished Miss Donna took a moment to sit at the kitchen table and think.  I know how Frank feels; what it's like to be older and alone.  I know what it's like to lose a spouse and have to face the uncertain future by yourself; the thoughts that you may be on your own for the rest of your life.  The dating pool doesn't grow with age, that's for sure.  I'm pretty certain this is what gives him his surly attitude at times; well most of the time.  It's cute though.
Miss Donna found herself fidgeting with the salt and pepper shakers while she continued her pondering.  I'm certain there's good in Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D.  I'm sure that's why even when he's being mean he seems so likeable.  It just shows through.  You really can't hide who you are, you can act but you can't truly hide yourself.  Frank's true goodness showed through most of the time.  I'm not thinkin' he's perfect or nuttin', but I think he's just lonely really and probably scared.  Being scared in itself is probably the thing he fears the most.  
Come to think of it I'm pretty scared and lonely too.  I mean I have faith in the Lord and I know things will work out in the end, but darn it; late at night when the cold wind blows, being alone caint be what is meant to be.  It sure don't feel like it.  I guess I just have a crush on old Frank, that and a bitter cold case of the lonlies.
Miss Donna finished up the banana bread and left one loaf sitting on the kitchen table as she closed the front door of her apartment with the other three loaves in a paper sack.  The sack couldn't hold back the wonderful aroma that trailed Miss Donna all the way to the Allen Family's front door.  The youngest of the three girls, Tera, opened the door with a big smile.
"Hi Miss Donna, what've you got there ? is it ? is it ? it smells like banana bread is it ? is it!"  Tera's the most boisterous of the three girls; she's about seven now and Lara's nine, and gosh Shandi must be pushing fourteen; my they grow up so fast.
"Sure is banana bread honey," replied Miss Donna as she knelt down to eye level with Tera.  Old achy knees or not she would always make the bend for a child.  Miss Donna opened the sack and the warm air and splendid odor came wafting out.
"Lara!  Miss Donna brought banana bread!  Momma come see!"  Tera's a joy to be around, doesn't take much to make her happy.  Lara too, as she came out of her room with a big grin and run up and hugged Miss Donna like she hadn't seen her in ages.  Seen her just last week though.
"The Momma" thanked Miss Donna and invited her to have some coffee with her and her husband, but Miss Donna politely said she had one more loaf to deliver and took a rain check.  
As she walked away from the Allen's apartment she could hear little Tera's tiny foot falls running to the kitchen, following her mother for a big slice of heaven.  She also heard Lara giggle loudly.
Now make no mistake; Frank does like Miss Donna, just remember how he's always saying she's pretty and stuff just before he says something rotten about her.  Know what I mean?  Anyways ? but that didn't stop him from being rude to her right off the bat.
As Frank opened the door he looked like he was being seriously put out.  Like he'd had some important thing going on that the knock at his apartment door had intolerably pulled him away from.  Truth be told, Frank was just sitting in the kitchen reading the funny papers and sipping coffee; not what you would call important work by any means.
"Hi Professor Whitney!"  Miss Donna was trying hard to show Frank respect as she knew he appreciated acknowledgment of his advanced degree and tenured professorship.  Frank just stood there and took a deep breath.  He wasn't enjoying the odor the banana bread though; it was more like an annoyed sigh really.
"Yes Miss Donna, what can I do for you?"  On the surface Frank sounded bland but there was a hint of happiness in his voice; happiness to see the pretty Miss Donna.
"Well Dr. Whitney, I baked you a loaf of banana bread; just thought I'd bring it on over while it was still warm," she had a nice smile on.
"You sure did, didn't ya ? just came right on over and knocked without even calling or nothin'."  Frank has a flare for subtlety you know.
"Oh come come now Frank," Miss Donna was easing into a more personal conversation; one on a first name basis.  "Surely you've got some coffee on the pot that we can drink while we share this nice warm banana bread."  Frank muttered something unintelligible as Miss Donna stepped lively past his left foot and into the apartment.  She moved quick and agile like a cheetah.
Now Frank doesn't look too kindly on people just coming over without callin' first and then forcing their way into his apartment; but he couldn't help but get a kick out of this move by Miss Donna.  She was being so obvious only a dope wouldn't be able to tell she was treating Frank; well ? special.  He's no dope.
"Well come right in Missy and make yourself at home."
"Oh, thank you Frank, I'll make my way to the kitchen then and slice us up some bread.  We can sit down and talk for a bit."  She disappeared from the front room in a jiffy.
"Lovely," Frank muttered as she moved out of sight in the kitchen.  For some reason he half expected to hear banging of pots and pans and see flour flying about in there.  Probably because he knew she was so big on cooking.
Frank stood with the front door open for a minute or so with his thumb and index finger pinching the bridge of his nose.  From the looks of him you'd think he had a bad headache rather than someone that was about to get the finest banana bread in the state of Kentucky.  Finally he closed the front door and locked it tight.  Didn't want anyone else just coming in his apartment without invite you know.
As Frank made his way across the living room and into the kitchen he felt a little light on his feet.  He had to admit having a woman in his humble home was nice.  A women's touch is always nice, he thought.  Maybe she'll bring some good conversation anyways.
Frank sat right down at the kitchen table and watched Miss Donna as she worked her magic in the kitchen.  She didn't even ask where the coffee mugs were, she had taken Franks mug off the table and was refreshing it, and was able to find the spare mugs in the cupboard with the first open door.  She also found the cutting board on the counter and seemed to intuitively know where he kept his cutting knives.  She sure knows her way around a kitchen, I'll give her that, thought Frank almost out loud.
Once the coffee mugs were full and the banana bread was sliced, Miss Donna slowly moved toward the kitchen table with a nice smile and firm eye contact with Frank.  The first thing he thought was: was that a pass?  He laughed inside.
"So Frank, how's your day going?"
"It's goin'," Frank has a way with words.
"Well any good news in that paper there," Miss Donna nodded her head towards the paper spread out on the table, open to the comics section.
"Is there ever any good news in the paper?  I mean all you hear about these days is murders, car chases, crooked politicians, low test scores for the students, car wrecks, the price of oil, the slumping market, the layoffs, the future looking bleak and other sensationalized crap."
"You've got a point there Frank," Miss Donna was somewhat being a diplomat.  "Still it looks like you've been reading the most truthful part of any newspaper," she again nodded toward the paper this time while pointing directly at the heading "Comics".  A big smile came across Frank's face then a hearty laugh; a belly laugh really.
"Ain't that the truth ? yah the truth," said Frank still laughing.
"How's your banana bread, Frank," Miss Donna watched him take a big bite.
"Good," Frank replied with a mouthful, but negated to include a thank you.
At this point Frank seemed to turn back to his normal surly demeanor.  He began to be quite rude.
"Well, the bread has passed the taste test, now what else can I do for you?"  Frank was really just playing hard to get.
 "Oh, Frank, I just thought I'd drop by and give you some home cooked bread and see how you've been ? we really haven't sat down and talked in a while."  Miss Donna had a soft tone.
"I'm fine as always ? and you know I'm not a small talker.  You'll never be big time if you're a small talker," one of Frank's patented catch phrases.  He said this with a look of aristochracy on his face; quite smug.
"Oh we're both too old to be still shootin' for the big time aren't we Frank?"  Miss Donna sounded almost down now.
"Speak for yourself toots," Frank seemed to take her comment as a personal insult.
"Didn't mean to offend, honey."
"Honey!" Frank apparently didn't like being called pet names.
Miss Donna, realizing Frank had gotten in a mood, reached across the table and tapped on the top of his hand softly.  "Ok, Frank I know you're busy and I just dropped by unannounced, I'll let you get back to your umm ? work."  Miss Donna had a sincere tone, not being facetious at all.
"Sounds like a good plan Miss Donna," Frank said the words but his tone said otherwise.  His words were pushing her to the door but his tone was asking her to stay.  That's Frank for you; complicated.
As they said their short goodbyes at Frank's front door (Frank does not like long goodbyes) Miss Donna had a nice smile on her face and told Frank they'd have to set up some time where they could talk, that she sure did like talking with him.  He simply replied, "Yep".
As Frank watched Miss Donna walk away, and as he closed the door, he felt dread in the pit of his stomach.  He should have handled things differently; he really likes her he just doesn't know what to do.  I'm too old to play hard to get, he thought.  "Idiot!"  Frank said out loud, referring to himself in relation to his rude behavior.  He got the description correct, that's for sure.
While Frank was feeling bad about his behavior and calling himself appropriate names, Miss Donna was slowly strolling back to her apartment thinking about having another piece of banana bread when she gets home.  Yes, that loaf on the kitchen table is just asking to be had ? she thought for a second, unless Cosmo got into it.  In her mind she pictured Cosmo on the table having a fine feline feast.
Miss Donna slowed as she approached her front door and let her mind wander.  She thought; I've laid some good ground work today.  Like Grandma used to say, "Good things come to those who wait".  Patience rewards those willing to put in the effort.  I can tell Frank is coming around ? or he will anyway; probably sooner than later.  He's a good man at heart and I can tell he's in need of a good woman.  I'll simply keep on with bein' nice to him and eventually those false walls will break down.  I bet he really does like small talk, I'll just bet ?
Chapter 21

Amy Helmer doesn't soon forget; nor does she soon forgive.  She especially seeks revenge when something interferes with her sleep, and the whole Jennifer and David thing was so doing.
After much thought and weighing of options Amy settled on a plan to interfere with the Dennifer or Javid (Dennifer is best she thought) romance.  Amy wasn't sure how it was blossoming but didn't really care, it had to be stopped; or better yet ruined.
To carry out this process Amy would have to create a rift between the Dennifer parties and make it stick.  Not an easy thing to do really, but Amy's an expert at such sabotage.  What Amy planned out was an encounter with David where Jennifer could see them together and believe David was cheating on her.  Amy realized this was plausible because virtually every girl she knew worried her boyfriend was cheating if they saw him talking to her.  Amy, being so attractive, naturally put that fear in other girls.  Amy loves that.
Timing is the real key, thought Amy.  I mean a passionate kiss is all it really takes, no problem there, but timing ? Jennifer has to see the kiss in order for the plan to work ? she has to see it and believe David didn't know she saw it ? Jennifer has to see it and David not know she saw it.  All these things must fall into place.
So, Amy did some reconnaissance to gather information of when David and Jennifer came and went, where they crossed paths and most importantly where they were in eye shot of each other but were not completely aware of it.  Dennifer had to be observed keenly.
What Amy discovered was that there was a time virtually every day (just after work), when David and Jennifer both passed by the pool in the courtyard and said hello before moving on to their respective apartments.  That David usually arrived slightly early and seemed to wait by one or the other of the book end gazebos so he could say hi to Jennifer when she entered The Villa's courtyard from the parking lot.  Amy thought this a perfect opportunity to approach David while he was alone waiting, stage the scene, then Jennifer would walk into the courtyard and see them.  Amy thought carefully ? that Jennifer being so polite and all wouldn't walk up and confront Amy or David, rather choosing to avoid confrontation and probably slink off without being seen.  Amy was counting on this.
Amy's not much of a planner, or thinker really, but when it comes to dirty deeds she seems to summon the brain power to get it done.  Doesn't she?  Well, Amy began to put her plan into motion by picking out the appropriate attire.  The less the better!  She chose a tiny, tiny bathing suit that eyes could not ignore, a giant beach towel, a book (any book will do really), and two beers (one for me and one to make it look like David is having one with me, she thought).  Everything was well thought out, at least as far as Amy is capable.
Now I have to admit Amy worked out quite a diabolical scheme.  Not full proof by any means, but the odds where in her favor to create havoc.  Whether Jennifer trusted David or not it would still give her pause to see Amy and David embracing.  I know I'm biased and all, but I sure think Amy is behaving like a royal wench at this point.
Anyways ? on the fateful day Amy decided to put her plans into action the sun was out and it was a beautiful time to be outdoors; just as Amy needed.  Changing into her bathing suit, she enjoyed her form in the large mirror she had in her bedroom.  She admired the top set appropriately across the firmness of her youthful breasts, glanced at her thin but fit thighs, turned round and slid each index finger down the inside of the bottoms to straighten what material there was in that suit across her tight back side.  She spent several more minutes applying makeup and such and then just spending some more time appreciating herself.  She said out loud, "irresistible" as she slinked out of her bedroom and into the kitchen.
The book, beach towel and two beers lie on the kitchen table while Amy decided to grease the wheels a little bit with her trusty whiskey.  One after another, four is better than three she thought, but five is best for this show.  Five it was.
Once the creature kicked in a bit Amy threw the beach towel over one shoulder and picked up her things and made for the front door.  As the warmth of the whiskey hit her belly she felt ten feet tall and bullet proof.  This will be quite fun she mused.
As Amy stepped slowly towards the pool, passing the closest gazebo, she couldn't help but glance around to see if anyone was watching her strut.  Even with her mind on the task at hand she still had the appetite to impress all, to be watched, desired, wanted, needed; for her feminine wiles.  She didn't see anyone but she could feel eyes upon her, and she liked that.
As she lay the beach towel down, and sat the beers and book down as well, she leaned forward and again straightened her bikini bottom with her index fingers.  As she dipped her big toe in the pool to check the water she thought to herself:  all set.
It wasn't long before David made his way into the courtyard, leaving Amy thinking the plan is going well, he's right on time.  As he entered she saw a look of startle on his face, then his face turned the slightest bit red.  Amy also noticed that his gate slowed up a bit, but then went back to normal.  She could tell he was uncomfortable and that was good, he would be vulnerable then.
"Hi David," Amy said as she lay seductively on the beach towel.
"Hi Amy, how are you?"  David had a business like tone in his voice, not at all a friendly tone.  But she also noticed his tone was as much uncertain, so she was sure she could bring him around.
"Oh, I'm fine hon, how've you been?"  Amy began to slowly get up from ground and let David watch her provide him with a sultry glance at the front of his work pants.  A long look that she knew had an impact on men's thoughts.
"Umm ? ahh ? pretty good," David had lost his train of thought with Amy's seductive actions.
While Amy was working her magic with David, she was also thinking about the time she needed to stall before the kiss, to ensure Jennifer would come into the courtyard and see them.
"Why don't you come and sit down with me by the pool for a little while, we can ? talk," Amy's tone sounded more like she was inviting him to her bedroom than to sit down by the pool for a chit chat.
"Oh, I'd probably better be gettin' on home, I mean to my apartment; I'm kind of tired," David didn't sound too convincing.  He was quite flustered for some reason he couldn't figure out, so much so he didn't even consider that Jennifer might come into the courtyard and see him talking with the nearly naked Amy; didn't even cross his mind.
Amy walked slowly over to David with a soft smile and licked her lips.  She reached out and grabbed his belt and began fidgeting with the buckle, not trying to undo it, just playing with it.  David was taken aback but didn't back up.  His head began to spin a little as Amy was coming on strong.
"Oh now David, surely I can convince you to sit and chat with me for just a little while," Amy whispered this in David's ear by leaning in while still holding onto his belt with one hand and letting her other hand graze the front of his trousers.  Amy thought to herself, now what man could resist my invitation.  She was right, as David stuttered out an agreement almost immediately.  He didn't stand a chance now did he?
"Good," said Amy as she took him by the hand and led him over to the beach towel.  As they reached the beach towel, while David was standing, Amy bent down on both knees and with her face directly even with the front of his trousers she looked him directly in the eye and wets her lips, she then looked down and said "let's get those shoes off and dip our feet in the nice water".  She did this as well as rolled up his pant legs, removed his socks, and they sat on the edge of the pool with their feet dangling in the water.  
Shortly after sitting down on the edge of the pool, and just as Amy had planned, Jennifer strolled into the courtyard.  As this occurred Amy strategically reached over, putting her hand high on David's thigh and passionately kissed him.  Jennifer saw this and immediately stopped just inside the courtyard; she then took two swift backward steps as her heart jumped up into her throat.
Jennifer stood there for only a moment but in that moment she could tell that not only was Amy passionately kissing David, but that David was kissing Jennifer; it was mutual.  Indeed it was.  David was under Amy's spell and had lost himself in the moment.  All Jennifer knew is that they were sitting romantically by the pool with their toes in the water, with two beers, her hand on his upper leg and he was kissing her; really kissing her, the kind of kiss where people jokingly say "get a room".  Jennifer is crushed and turns around without being seen by David (though Amy certainly saw her as she was kissing with her eyes open and looking directly at Jennifer) and returns to The Villa's parking lot.
Once Jennifer disappeared from the courtyard Amy felt very happy.  She had accomplished her goal; carried out her plan splendidly.  It couldn't have gone any better, thought Amy.  She let David kiss her a while longer and then slowly pulled away from him.  Always leave them wanting more, she thought.
"Well its sure good to see you David," Amy had a formal tone in her voice for some reason.  She had that tone people get when they are trying to end a phone conversation.
"You too Amy," David's head was a whirl.
"Well I've got to be going now, got things to do ya know," Amy quickly gathered her things and left David sitting by the pool.
"Ok," David said with an uncertain cadence to his voice.
Amy didn't say another word, but she did look back to ensure David was watching her walk back to her apartment.  Yes he was and this made her feel extra successful; powerful really.  Amy had in mind a celebration for her hard work; whiskey for celebration!
David sat by the pool for sometime thinking through what had just occurred.  He didn't have a clue really, what all this meant.  He didn't know if Amy even knew about Jennifer and him and couldn't help but feel sexually attracted to Amy (in his confusion), but Jennifer is great and he wouldn't want to mess that up.  David worried about being in some sort of triangle.
Jennifer and I have an unmistakable attraction, thought David.  But ? Amy is ? well she's; just so much.  It's hard not to be spellbound by her, she's so seductive.
David was not making much sense of his thoughts.  He was caught off guard by Amy, put in a trance by her sexual innuendos towards his ? well his area, if you know what I mean.  Long glances, playing with his belt buckle, grazing, hand high on thigh, and the passionate kiss!  What was I supposed to do, thought David?  Why did she take off so fast after the kiss?
In his confusion David forgot all about bumping into Jennifer in the courtyard as he normally does.  He simply got up and, looking like a zombie, walked to his apartment.  He closed his front door behind him and stutter stepped into the kitchen.  He knew it was a bad idea, but he opened the refrigerator and pulled out a beer.  As he popped the top and downed the whole thing in one drink he sought escape from the pressures of decisions; even if just for a few minutes.
David came to his senses after his third beer and stopped before he got in too far.  It was a waste of energy because his mind was still racing.  As with most folks, David found alcohol to be a very short-term fix and of course it never eliminates problems; they're still there lingering when you put down the last beer, or whiskey bottle.  Often the problems are worse than when you started drinking.
Now from my perspective wisdom and intelligence are so completely different that it's hard to use them in the same sentence.  Although I just did I guess.  Anyways, no matter how smart you are I've found that you will make those youthful mistakes that you only realize are mistakes after enough time has gone by for you to gain the life experience and wisdom in their regard.  Oh, how youth is wasted on the young.
David is quite intelligent but he just doesn't have the life experience, the wisdom, yet to make good decisions as to the pickle he has found himself in.  Instead he sits and thinks about the pros and cons of Jennifer and Amy and weighs them vigorously.  A wise man would simply recognize who and "what" Amy is and put her out of his mind, using his energy to court the more loyal and respectable Jennifer.  But then if you think about it for a minute, a wise man with life experience would have to be much older than David; and therefore would most likely not be dating twenty something gals anyways.  Well some older fellows would, but not most I think you'd agree.  It's very much a catch 22 at David's stage of wisdom.  He has to make a wise decision to maintain and then grow his relationship with Jennifer but lacking such wisdom he's forced to use his intelligence to weed out the Jennifer and Amy issue.  Young men can be so silly about matters of the heart.  They should know that women are the only works of art.  But ? they don't, and anyone who has loved and lost knows that using intelligence (that is your brain) is not a very successful thing to do with matters of love.  The heart is the best thing to follow.  Often right and wrong don't apply.  All's fair in love and war they say, right?  Ah, to hell with that.  David needs to stop thinking with a certain part of his anatomy and grow up a bit.  We'll see ?
Now I once read this book, actually if I think about it Elizabeth gave it to me, maybe she was trying to tell me something.  Anyway ? I once read this book and while I can't recall the name off hand the gist of it was how men and women are so different.  So different, and they should celebrate those difference and come together as one.  Two parts of a whole so to speak.
I remember there was this one chapter near the beginning of the book that went into great detail about how men and women meet and start a romantic relationship.  It gave an example about how if a man and woman pass on the street the woman knows if she's interested in the man within about thirty feet or so from him.  If she's interested she'll smile and make eye contact, if she's not she'll look away and act as if the man doesn't even exist, even if he says good afternoon or something.  The moral of the story here is that the woman picks the man, even though in the world we live in the man likes to think he hunts down and conquers the woman and wins her over; it's actually the other way around and much more subtle.
The chapter went into even more detail by explaining that men are like dogs or something (it didn't actually say dogs, but you get my point) because they will look and then run after a woman on the street if he finds her attractive ? far less subtle than the woman's eye contact with a smile.  But, in the end if the woman's not interested, nothing happens, because the man is completely ignored.  No matter what the man wants the decision to spark up a relationship comes from the woman to the man, not the other way around.  That women are so subtle and the men so overbearing in aspects of the heart that even though the women are making all (or at least most) of the decisions the men feel like they've won the day.
Now I really don't know about all that but I kind of see the point the book was trying to make.  I also think that book must have been written by a woman.  And ? I really do think Elizabeth was trying to tell me something.  Don't you?
Chapter 22

Jennifer just stood in the parking lot for some time, trying to figure out what to do.  She took a deep breath.  It was a labored breath like after a run.  She was worn out by emotion.  Jennifer looked up to the sky and then down to the ground.  As she did this she noticed her hands were wrenching her keys entirely of their own accord.  A thousand different thoughts and feelings were rushing through her but the only part of her taking any action was her hands.  Her feet were set in concrete, her legs felt stiff, her shoulders and neck ached, her eyes burned and her ears were ringing just a little.
After several moments Jennifer finally looked up from the ground and spotted her car at the back of the parking lot.  It was as if she was surprised to see it there.  She found her feet moving towards it and let her mind follow.  As she got closer and closer to her car, her head cleared a bit.
Jennifer began thinking about how such a fine day could end so poorly.  She remembered how good she felt getting up this morning and how lunch was great and the cheer she had on the drive home, the possibility of bumping into David in the courtyard as they seem to do most days.  She thinks he did it on purpose because he likes her.  She felt a lump in her throat.
As Jennifer approached the back of her car she felt a churning in her stomach and that's when the tears started flowing.  She leaned on the trunk lid of her car and sobbed for a while.  It's ok, just let it out you'll feel better, she thought.  But even after she composed herself and slowed her tears she didn't feel better.  This was obviously something that would take more than a few minutes to resolve.
As her hands were already well aware of her keys, she thought it best to follow their lead.  She used the car key to get in her car and go for a drive; a long drive, on the outskirts of town ? maybe.  
Jennifer turned the radio on low trying to relax.  Soft and slow classical music was often her taste in the evening, and under the circumstances it suited the moment well.  Jennifer found herself driving far under the posted speed limit.  Her low energy level and tiresome feelings seemed to radiate into her car.  She just couldn't summon the energy to make the car go faster than her.
Rolling the window down Jennifer took a deep breath and attempted to let the evening air sweep her to a new place.  As she crossed through town Jennifer had no sense of her direction.  Where am I going, she thought?  I'll just drive; drive my troubles away.  I'm not running from them I'm just giving myself a break from them.  She thought about how difficult it would be to walk back through the courtyard.  How awkward it would be the next time she saw David.  Fear welled up in her when she thought about how rude Amy would be the next time she saw her.  How Amy would probably be gloating and all.  Jennifer didn't know Amy very well, but she could tell she was the kind of person that would gloat.  The feeling of fear she had for Amy really made Jennifer feel worse.  She thought, fear is exactly what someone like Amy would want, and I've just provided it to her.  Damn it to hell! Jennifer noticed her hands at work again, this time wrenching the steering wheel as she drove.  Her hands seemed to have a mind of their own; carrying out angry and vengeful movements that sweet Jennifer would never.  But ? her hands knew what was going on in her mind, didn't they?
Now Jennifer found herself outside of Owensboro, past the outskirts of town even.  She saw a turn up ahead that appeared to be an old back road; a dirt road.  Back to nature, she thought.  I'll just find some solace in the country for a while; away from people, away from town, away from The Villa, away from all these ? these ? things.
After driving for several miles down the dirty road she noticed her eyes stopped burning.  She felt her shoulders loosen a bit and began to enjoy the country air coming in from the window.  Far different than the air in town, she thought; better, cleaner, more ? earthy.
Jennifer pulled to a stop beside an empty field; empty except for one large tree almost right in the middle.  She turned the key off and got out.  As she slid through the barbed wire fence she was careful not to snag her work clothes.  It was warm and while the sun was going down there was still plenty of light; plenty for at least an hour more she thought.  Approaching the tree Jennifer just plopped down in the grass and looked up at the clouds; taking deep breaths as she laid back and rested her head on the ground.  Jennifer only thought for a second about getting her nice work clothes dirty or even ruining them.  She felt her sanity was more important than her clothes.
As Jennifer watched the clouds go by against the blue Kentucky sky she thought she was being a bit silly really.  Overacting, she thought.  That's really what I'm doing here.  I mean sure, I had high hopes for David and I, but we've only had one date right?  She was trying to convince herself there was a way out of this; a way out of not feeling so bad about it.  There really wasn't.
Jennifer pondered on.  Well I may not have known David very long but that doesn't diminish my feelings for him.  Feelings I can't deny.  I was so sure he had them too.  I was absolutely positive.  How could I be so wrong?  Jennifer watched a grasshopper land on her knee and didn't bother to brush it away.  As she watched the insect fiddle with its front legs as grasshoppers do, she thought about what other bugs or animals might be around here.  Snakes?  Maybe, she thought, but then let it go.
Jennifer thought to herself about how wonderful this setting would be if she had driven out here simply to relax.  She thought about how most people think about coming to a field like this and lying back in the grass, staring at the clouds and such, to relax; but they seldom do.  Do they?  No, she thought, people seem to only make trips like this when they need comforting or just a quick getaway; kind of a shame really.  Jennifer sat up and picked a blade of grass just as the grasshopper decided to move on from her knee.  Yet another friend leaving me, she thought.  Jennifer was feeling quite sorry for herself.
As she fidgeted with the blade of grass she allowed herself to move back to the moment she saw David and Amy kissing in the courtyard.  She hoped she could summon a more objective view and opinion of the situation from her new thinkin' spot.
I'm certain he was kissing her.  I mean he seemed really into it.  Wait let me start from the beginning.  Jennifer wanted to keep the remembrance solely based on fact and not emotion.  Ok ? I walked into the courtyard about the same time as any other day.  On most any other day David would have been there to say hello.  He must have known I would see him there with that Amy girl!  Ok calm down Jennifer ? calm.
I was only about a step in when I saw them kissing.  He was all at her.  They had their feet in the pool, but he still had his work clothes on; shoes and socks sitting beside those two beers.  I doubt David drinks that much.  I guess the thing that really caught my eye was where her hand was.  Seems strange she would be making that move right out for everyone to see.  Strange even for a girl ? like ? like Amy.  Hmm.  Jennifer took a moment to plop back down in the grass to rest her head.  As she saw a cloud go by that she could somewhat say looked like a pig, an overly round pig anyway; she opened her mind to try to remember more details of the situation.
There was something a little off about the encounter though.  Jennifer was trying to pin down an awkwardness she had felt deep down between David and Amy at the pools edge.  What was it, Jennifer thought?  Wait a minute ? I know!  Amy had her eyes wide open ? no not just wide open ? her eyes were open and looking around ? no not looking around, they working looking right at me.  She was looking right at me.  What does that mean?  It was almost as if she expected to see me.  As if she was waiting and wanting me to see the kiss she was having with David.  Could that be it?
Now that Jennifer objectively thought through the scene by the pool she allowed her emotions to enter the picture again.  She may have figured out that Amy was staring at her for a reason, but that didn't change her feelings about the situation.
As most people tend to do, Jennifer had thought through, many times, the fairytale type atmosphere that would exist when she met that special someone.  She planned on it being much like her feelings she had with David.  However, as with most, she had zero plans in regards to obstacles or difficulties.  Young folks especially tend to think you meet that special someone, fall in love, ride off into the sunset, and that sunset is a never ending moment with the feelings frozen in time.
I can tell you from experience being married to Elizabeth (and she would say the same in reverse I'm sure) that is not the case.  A relationship is hard.  I don't just mean marriage is hard, even the relationship before the marriage is hard.  It takes work ya'll.  I'm sure you know that; or will certainly find out along the way, but trust me here, having a relationship tests all your will and pride.  Now you've got to let that pride go first thing.  It's one of those seven deadly's anyways so it's best to be set aside.  But your will ? if you don't have a strong will to make it work at all costs then you can be sure it won't.
I guess the hardest part for me in my relationship and marriage with Elizabeth has been totally giving myself up.  That's right.  I had to cease to exist.  When two become one, those individuals that were two have to completely change.  I mean completely.  It was hard for me, as I've always been a bit selfish, even now really and even more than a bit I'd say.  What I'm trying to get at is that all your dreams and wishes and hopes and fears and hatreds and loves have to be put to the side.  If either partner decides not to do this, well ? then it won't work out.  Simple as that.  It's like a football team taking on a new coach.  Even if all the players stay the same, do you think the team will be even remotely the same?  Nope.  I like to try to explain difficult stuff away with sports analogies ? it usually doesn't work though.
If I had to say what was hardest for Elizabeth, I'd have to say I really don't know.  She seemed to acclimate better to marriage.  She's more easy going.  She's a rock.  Putting up with me might be the hardest part.  That is to say she has less of an internal struggle to change than I do.  Not to say that she doesn't have her quirks though.  She's pretty incessant about putting the toilet lid down and squeezing the toothpaste from the bottom of the tube; but other than those little things she seems well suited to marriage.  Maybe some people are better at relations with others; like more social people?  And ? maybe women are better at it, as they seem to be more social; that is generally speaking when compared to men?  When I figure all this out I'll let you know.
Now where was I ? oh yah, Jennifer was letting her emotions rush back in.  She got up from the ground and as she did she felt the sorrow fly away like a bird.  What came in as a replacement was a strong feeling of anger.  She clenched her fists and started walking across the field away from her car.  She wasn't sure where she was going but the fence on the other side of the field seemed like a good place to stop.  As she approached the fence she reached out her right hand and placed it on the barbwire.  She squeezed it hard and then felt lucky to have grasped a spot between two barbs.  With no damage done she still looked at her palm and even though she saw no harm, she almost wished she had.  Why?  Anger sure is a strange beast to tame, she thought.  I'll stop this now.  Jennifer felt a little ashamed about her childish behavior.
As Jennifer spun around and looked at her car in the distance she noticed it was beginning to get quite dark.  Still enough time to make it back to the tree but the remainder of the stroll will likely be in pitch black.  Oh well, she thought, an adventure.  As she passed the tree she reached out and touched it as if patting a dog goodbye.  The tree wagged its many tails in the wind.
Jennifer made it back to her car in the dark, and even managed to save her clothes from ruin by being extra careful climbing through the fence again.  Getting in the car she felt a myriad of emotions washing over her.  The emotion that won out though was still anger, or was it sadness laced with frustration; Jennifer couldn't put her finger on it at the moment.
As she pulled away from the field and turned the car around to turn back to the main road Jennifer spun her tires, letting her car act out some of her feelings.  This, and she was simply in a hurry; why she could not tell.
The drive home seemed much shorter than the drive out, and not due to speed as she slowed down once she moved off the dirt road.  It was as if some of the weight had been lifted off of her; possibly left in that field.  She thought hard about going back there someday for a picnic, to meet her old friend, the tree, under nicer circumstances.  Jennifer thought it a shame to know of such a pleasant place and not utilize it under happy times, not just for sobbing and such.
As Jennifer approached The Villa she began feeling nervous, but this went away when she reached the courtyard and there was no one there.  Good, she thought, I'm in no mood for meet and greets or chit chat or small talk or anything period.  Off she went to her apartment with a long sigh as she closed and locked the door behind her.  Alone time, I need alone time.
Now over the next several days, and beyond really, Jennifer carried with her some sadness and a small chip on her shoulder.  Being none too happy about things she did not wish to be around anyone.  Even work was a chore, although she maintained her cordial and professional behavior as always.  At home was a different story.  Jennifer rarely smiled, she didn't answer her phone, she didn't go about with the same pleasant demeanor as usual.  Who could blame her I guess?
On one occasion, in the grocery store, she was approached in the produce section by a nice young fella'.  He was polite and all, though seeming a little nervous, as he attempted to strike up a conversation with Jennifer.  He obviously had an interest in her and one could tell he was paving the road to a date invitation.  Jennifer would have none of it though ?
"Do I know you," Jennifer asked while putting down the cantaloupe she'd been carefully assessing?
"Well not yet, but I just thought ?," Jennifer interrupted the young man.
"Do I look like I'm open to strangers approaching me when I'm busy," Jennifer had placed her hands on her hips and took up a wide aggressive stance.
"Well I ? I just ? I saw you over here and I thought ?" again Jennifer interrupted.
"Well with all due respect, I'm not interested ? thank you," authoritative doesn't begin to describe Jennifer's tone. She wasn't loud or excessively mean, just bland and unfeeling.
"Uh ? a ? O ? Ok," the young man slinked off down an aisle with his tale between his legs.
Jennifer went back to assessing fruit; she likes the perfect specimen.  Later she felt quite bad about her lack of social graces with the young man.  It was not like her.  She so values politeness and appropriate behavior.  There was no call for what she did.  Even though she was genuinely not interested, she could have handled it far better.  She thought about how that young man must have felt; about how he probably still feels about that embarrassing moment.  Jennifer kicked herself; figuratively that is.
On another occasion, while working at the library reference desk, she noticed Frank Whitney (Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D. tenured Professor that is) browsing the book aisles with no noticeable direction or hurry.  He seemed to just be passing the time, or maybe letting fate choose his next read.
Now under normal circumstances Jennifer would be social, you know go out and say hello to someone she has even a small acquaintance with, such as Frank.  But ? under the circumstances Jennifer decides not to go talk to Frank, she ignores him, and feels even worse about that than she did with the young man in the grocery store.  She feels she must snap out of it soon, but not just yet.

***

Jennifer had been coming and going from work at odd times, so as not to give David the opportunity to bump into her in the courtyard.  She wasn't ready to talk; not at all.  However, David, being the persistent fellow he is, just kept trying, and eventually he managed to cross Jennifer's path as she came home from work one evening, quite late actually.
"Hi Jennifer, how are you?"  David had a pleased tone in his voice, but he also had that slight tone of ? where have you been!  You know that question without a question some people get in their voice.
"I'm quite fine, thanks.  You?"  Jennifer wasn't rude but not inviting either.  She kept walking through the courtyard but not at too brisk of a pace.
"I'm good, thanks, haven't seen you around much lately."
"Been quite busy, David."
"Oh," David sort of watched her walk by him slowly then fell in behind her, but not too close.
"Hope things are going well for you," David was throwing out the line for a chit chat, but Jennifer wasn't taking the bait.
"Fine, thanks," Jennifer found it difficult to be short with David but thought it appropriate.
"Did you give up running; with your busy schedule?"  David was sure she hadn't but thought maybe she was just taking a break.
"Umm ? yes, yes I have ? well taking a rest anyway," Jennifer immediately felt dirty as it was not like her to tell even a little white lie.  She was actually running each day as usual only on a different route and at a different time so as not to have to talk with David.  Not yet, not ready, no no no, she thought.
"Oh, just too busy at work, huh?"  David wasn't trying to pry but just couldn't help himself.
"You could say that." Jennifer slowed her pace a bit but kept walking as she was nearing her apartment door.  David following her seemed somewhat pathetic to her, but she understood why he was.
"I didn't think you were the kind of person that would let work get in the way of your life," David immediately realized his words were judgmental.  He recalled a poster he saw once with a picture of a man with his mouth wide open and a shoe with an arrow into the mouth; it read "insert foot here".
Jennifer came to a stop almost immediately after David spoke.  She turned around slowly, deliberately really.  David thought for a second he should duck or something.
"Did I miss understand you, David, or did you just insult me?" Jennifer knew he meant no true insult, but she was in a poor mood.  She wouldn't have been happy with anything David said really.
"Oh ? I ? ah ? I meant no harm ? what I meant to say was, was ? well I've just not seen you around and I was hoping we could run tomorrow or something."  David did indeed sound a little pathetic, or maybe it was just confusion.
"Or something?" Jennifer was taking offense to anything David said, picking apart his every word.  She didn't let David go on.
"I'll tell you what, when I get better at coordinating my "life" and my "work" I'll give you a holler and let you know.  Sorry, but until then I'm going to have to keep to my break from running and anything to do with "something"."  Jennifer said this very politely, not as if scolding him or shutting him down.  More as if scolding herself.  It was a bit odd how she said it.  The words by themselves were kind of a "tell off", but the way she said it left David feeling ? well, Ok.
Jennifer said a polite goodbye and entered her apartment.   David stood there for just a moment, took a deep breath and then headed towards his apartment.
As David closed his front door and spotted his recliner he felt quite lost.  As he sat down for a rest he began to go over the conversation he just had with Jennifer.  It was more of a chase he thought.  I couldn't get her to stop and talk, she just kept going; that's not like her.  But then do I really know her that well?  David was doubting this.
No, no ? I know her well enough, he thought.  I mean she's pretty straight forward.  You don't usually have to wonder what she's thinking.  Should I just take her at her word about being busy?  Probably.  But then again, even the best person can avoid things they aren't ready to discuss.  Maybe we went too fast on that Chinese buffet date.  Maybe I ? went too fast.  Who knows?
All David really did know was that he was disappointed.  That feeling permeated his entire being.  He leaned back in the recliner and looked at the ceiling.  The room was dead quiet and he could hear his own breathing.  He had a little lump in his throat and a strange tired feeling coupled with nervous energy; as if he was in a hurry to be tired.
Wait a minute.  David popped forward in his recliner.  Do you think Jennifer saw Amy and me by the pool?  That's possible, he thought.  Boy that would be awkward now wouldn't it?
David had some time to think about the whole Amy thing and while he was caught in the moment by the pool he really had no interest in her now.  He was ashamed for allowing himself to be swept up like that, and he won't let it happen again.
I'm not interested in Amy; Jennifer is a far better match for me.  Jennifer's a far better person all around, and while Amy is attractive I really find Jennifer more so.  She has so many more attractive things about her.  She's attractive inside and out.  Jennifer's real ? yes that's a good way to describe her.  She's a real person ? solid as a rock, intelligent, caring, sweet, honest, straight forward, just a genuinely good human being.  Someone a guy could think about settling down with.  That's what I want really.  I know that now.  David was feeling good about that thought, but then bad again when he wondered if he's somehow messed up his chances with Jennifer Holmes.  He knew patience was necessary in this process, but he didn't like it a bit.  The waiting really is the hardest part, he thought.
While David was thinking through his situation, Jennifer was making dinner; nothing special tonight, just a small salad and some fruit.  Oh yah, and her standard ice water.
Jennifer was thinking about how she's distancing herself from David.  While she knows it's necessary for her at the moment, she still doesn't feel very good about it.  It just feels wrong to be even remotely rude to people, she thought.  I'm not used to behaving that way.  I always thought that if I was rude to people it would be on accident, not on purpose, not thought out.  I hope this is not a sign of things to come.  Like as I get older I deal with difficult times by being rude to people and pulling back into a shell.  She quickly let this thought pass as she knew what she really needed was simple ? time.
"I just need some time, that's all," Jennifer said this out loud as she took a bite of her salad, enjoying the tang of the Italian dressing.
As she moved from her salad to the fruit; a small peach to start, she wondered if David and Amy were seeing each other.  Jennifer had gone to such efforts to avoid the people around The Villa, especially David and Amy, that she had no idea really what was going on.  She doubted David was seeing her though.  She felt she knew him well enough to know he wasn't a two-timer.  She thought, he wouldn't be seeing her and then approach me like that earlier.  Would he?  She then thought about their lovie dovie discussion on their date and got angry thinking about Amy and him kissing by the pool.  That was kind of two-timing; maybe not by definition but close.  She was frustrated.  Mostly at letting herself get frustrated.
As she finished off the peach and moved on to a perfectly ripened banana Jennifer thought again, I just need some time.  Time, time, time.  And maybe some good advice.  Yes!  I could really use some good advice too.
Chapter 23

Now I've mentioned before just how profound Miss Donna's wisdom is.  In fact, Elizabeth jokingly refers to her as The Villa's resident Confucius.  But all joking aside it does seem a lot of folks go to Miss Donna for advice, and when they do it seems like they are usually in a pickle.  I mean who really goes seeking advice when things are going easy for them.  We probably should seek advice on easy things, 'cause then we might not even find ourselves in tough things; but we don't.  It's probably just not human nature.  Hmm?
Well David's situation with Jennifer and Amy is just such a pickle.  Miss Donna is used to these sorts of things, even though David is not fully aware that.  He's just aware that something tells him Miss Donna can provide some good advice; good life advice.  That's why he decided to pick her brain.
David thought about calling first, but then figured Miss Donna wouldn't mind if he just dropped by.  So, David stepped out his front door and made the short trek to Miss Donna's apartment.  As he approached he thought he smelled biscuits in the air ? and bacon.  His first thought was I'll bet there's almost always an aroma of some sort coming from Miss Donna's kitchen.
As David knocked on the door he heard a soft bark from Dash and was surprised at how fast Miss Donna opened the door.  He laughing thought, she must have "Dashed" to the door.  There they were the whole fam damly; Miss Donna, Dash and Cosmo all there to greet their visitor. Dash wagged and sniffed and Cosmo did the figure eight around David's legs; Miss Donna just smiled and said, "Well hi David, come on in I'm just cookin' up some biscuits.  You want some now don't ya?"  She seemed genuinely happy to have a visitor.  So did the rest of the family.
"Well thanks Miss Donna, biscuits sounds fine."  Now David doesn't normally eat so heavy, you know buttery biscuits with bacon and such, but they were hard to pass up coming from such a polite hostess; along with the great aroma.  A little indulgence won't kill me, he thought.
They made their way into the kitchen and sat at the table.  Of course, Miss Donna was up and down every couple of minutes doing her thing in the kitchen, remarkably the same as her Grandmother did many years ago.  David found her demeanor very affable and enjoyed the company; the company of all three really.
The biscuits were perfect.  Just the right amount of butter, some strawberry jam and stuffed with bacon.  Something special that's for sure.  David felt he was trying to still be good when he declined a glass of whole milk for ice water instead.  He thought, this is kind of like ordering a double cheeseburger with extra cheese, large fries, a hot apple pie and a diet coke.  Yah, I'm on a diet see ? I ordered a diet coke.  He nearly laughed out loud at the thought.
After several minutes of that small talk Miss Donna just loves, David got a serious look on his face and said, "Miss Donna ? can I talk to you about something?".
"Why sure hun, what's on your mind," Miss Donna could tell what was on his mind was something fairly heavy.
"Well I've gotten myself into a kind of predicament, Miss Donna."  David paused trying to find the right words to express his thoughts.  Miss Donna just sat politely listening and not rushing him in the slightest.
"I've got a girl problem."  He didn't think he chose his words well, but figured Miss Donna would still get his point.
"I'll tell you what, those girls sure can cause problems," Miss Donna smiled and giggled like a school girl just trying to lighten David's mood.
David appreciated the levity and replied with, "Indeed they do," in a British accent; he's not sure why, other than that it sounded funny.
David started off by explaining the Amy situation in moderate detail, of course leaving out the bedroom and other naughty bits.  As he got deeper and deeper into the Amy side of the predicament he could see a look of concern march its way across Miss Donna's pretty face.  She obviously understood David's problem here; and she seemed to even feel it as well.
Miss Donna sensed that David had a lot to say on the subject so as he wrapped up the Amy side of the issue she chose to remain perfectly silent as he moved on to other points.  She did get up once to gather a few more biscuits for David, but she kept eye contact as she did and nodded her head to acknowledge her attention throughout.  David ate while he talked, but in a fairly civilized manner.
While David was a little choppy, and even quick, in his explanation of the Amy part of the issue, he slowed to a steady crawl when describing Jennifer.  Miss Donna could tell he had a healthy fancy for her.  He took quite some time to fully explain about Jennifer and had a gleam in his eyes as he did so.  Smitten, was the word Miss Donna was thinking.
As he explained, in Technicolor detail, about Jennifer, Cosmo managed several figure eights around David's legs under the table, and Dash lie on the floor with her head on her front paws as if in a cute little doggie prayer.  Everyone seemed to be enjoying David's company, but none more so than Miss Donna.  While some folks see people telling them their problems as a burden, Miss Donna takes it as the utmost compliment.  She sees it like this:  if someone is willing to tell me their personal problems then they must respect my opinion and trust me with their ? well their secrets really.  Miss Donna did not take such things lightly and enjoyed the position she held in the world.  The position she seemed to hold as a confidant or a Grandmother to the world; she smiled inside as she thought this.
As David completed his detailed explanation of the Jennifer side of his predicament he ended with, "Miss Donna ? I'm just confused about what to do.  I know I don't want to be with Amy.  I want to be with Jennifer, but a fear I've messed that up somehow.  What do you think?"
Miss Donna turned her eyes from David and took a soft breath.  She reached down and gave Dash a small pat on the head and said, "I'll tell you what let me think while I freshen up our drinks, would you like a few more biscuits?"
"That sounds great, thank you."  David had already eaten six biscuits with bacon and jam but didn't seem to mind taking on a few more.
As Miss Donna reached the kitchen counter and started preparing the next round of biscuits she said, "You know ? now I know it's hard; but sometimes to keep things together you've got to leave them alone."  She finished off the plate of biscuits and added two slices of bacon on the side this time; like a country garnish.  It's the little things that matter right?
"You know what I'm getting' at don't ya?"  Miss Donna returned to the table and placed the plate in front of David.  As she slowly sat down she smiled at him.
"I think you're saying I should give Jennifer time and space?"  This was not exactly what David wanted to hear, as he's feeling impatient about the whole problem, but he knows she's right.
"I'm afraid so hun.  Not only should you give her time and space ? but you must.  Girls are like that you know.  Ya know how two guys can argue, about some stupid thing, have a fist fight or wrestling match, and then just forget the whole thing and be friends?  Well girls aren't like that.  They're not as quick to forgive and forget.  Whether Jennifer saw you and Amy by the pool or you moved too fast on your first date or whatever, she's obviously decided to think things through deliberately.  If you want to get your best chance with Jennifer, and I can tell you do, you'll need to be patient and let her work out things on her own first."  
Miss Donna reached out and touched David's elbow with a smile and said, "David ? you'll do fine ? Jennifer will be able to tell you're a good person ? she seems like the kind of girl that appreciates such things.  You'll do fine."  David knew she was right.
David and Miss Donna continued to chat for some time, just about everyday things.  They enjoyed each other's company and when David got up from the kitchen table to leave there wasn't a biscuit or a slice of bacon left.  He thought as he walked with Miss Donna (and of course Dash and Cosmo) to her front door:  I didn't want anything to go to waste.  He was full, very full; fuller than he'd been in a long time.  It was a good feeling; a feeling deserving of a good nap.  With the positive feeling Miss Donna had left him he was sure he could rest both body and mind.  They said their polite goodbyes and off he went into a more positive world.

***

It wasn't too long after David and Miss Donna talked that Miss Donna found herself sharing the laundry room with the newest tenant to The Villa, Jennifer Holmes.  In fact Jennifer was already there as Miss Donna descended the steep steps into the humid room.
Jennifer was sitting on the lone bench with her nose deep into a book.  Miss Donna wondered what it was but couldn't read it from this far away; not with her tired old eyes.  That's what she calls them.
"What ya readin' hun?"  Miss Donna asked as she made her way across the small room to begin cleaning her clothes.
Jennifer looked just a tad bit startled but quickly composed herself saying, "Umm, it's ? its "The Sun Also Rises" ? by Hemingway."  She said this while looking at the book's cover, as if she didn't know what she was reading.  Jennifer thought as she did this:  it seems a lot of people do that.
"Any good?" asked Miss Donna with a polite smile.
"Yah, yah it really is ? has some good dialogue and pretty intense bull fighting scenes.  He's a very good writer.  Well that's my opinion anyway."  Jennifer smiled back.
"Seems your opinion is agreed with by a lot of folks; he's quite the rave."
"Yep, so how have you been Miss Donna?"  Jennifer placed the book upside down, and open, on her lap to show Miss Donna she now had her full attention.  Polite etiquette at its best.  While Jennifer was showing politeness she wasn't doing a very good job at disguising her downtrodden mindset.  She seemed fairly sad both in tone and expression.
"I'm fine Jennifer ? how are you doing?  If you don't mind me saying; you seem a little down today."  Miss Donna figured it was due to the same feelings David had but thought it best to let Jennifer explain it to her, you know get it off her chest so to speak.  Oh young love, she thought.
Jennifer was genuinely feeling down.  Perhaps the dank laundry room had made her feel even worse about her situation, but whatever it was she felt on the verge of tears.  She was so ready to talk to Miss Donna about her problem that she didn't even answer her how are you doing question.  She just moved right into her "issue".
"Well Miss Donna I've got this issue I'm struggling to deal with."  Jennifer closed the book and set it aside sighing as she did so.  Miss Donna continued to slowly work her laundry and just waited as Jennifer paused to compose herself a little.
"Miss Donna ? I ? I don't really know where to start.  I guess I should ? well.  Umm, do you know David Kerr?  Well of course you do you know everybody at The Villa huh?"  Jennifer had a jittery tone to her voice and her hands were fidgeting with each other just a little.
"Yes hun, I know David, he's a real nice young man."  Miss Donna always liked to say something nice about people she knew when others asked about them.  She thought there was enough negativity in the world that she needed to balance that out by being extra positive when she could.  With David it's not hard, she thought.
"Well we met a little while back and really seemed to hit it off, but ?" Jennifer didn't normally share her problems with people, especially one's she's only knew for a short time.  But, Miss Donna just has a way about her, she thought.  She seems open and understanding, perhaps she can provide some wise advice.  Jennifer more than thought this, she was darn sure of it.
Jennifer shared the reasons why she was down.  She shared what had been going on between her and David and the Amy situation as well.  Miss Donna listened attentively as Jennifer bent her ear.  Once Jennifer's full opinion of the situation had been shared Miss Donna let a little quiet moment pass before jumping in with her two cents worth.
"Yes that is quite an issue, Jennifer."  Miss Donna had a caring tone.
"Well Miss Donna ? now I hate to impose, but you seem like you could help me here."
"What's that hun?"  Miss Donna walked over and slowly sat next to Jennifer on the bench.
"I was hoping you could give me some advice ? you know how to handle this issue? ? umm ? what would you do?  Jennifer felt quite silly about her question.  Vulnerable really, but she figured it had to be asked.
"Well hun, I'd be glad to help.  Can I ask you a couple of questions to get my bearings?"  Miss Donna reached out and rested her hand on the back of Jennifer's.
"Sure," Jennifer had the sound of relief.  She was feeling Miss Donna had taken an interest in her well being.
"Well Jennifer, do you really like David?  That is do you think there could be a lasting bond there?
"I really do," Jennifer was a little surprised at how quickly and forcefully she answered the question.
"Do believe you can trust David?"  Miss Donna patted the back of Jennifer's hand.
"Well, that's a tougher question ? I want to."  Jennifer's cadence sounded more like a question than a statement.
"I guess what I'm saying is, do you believe the issue's at hand with David, and even possibly Amy, have impacted your feelings for David so much that you won't be able to keep an open mind.  That is an open mind to trust?"  Miss Donna thought she could have made her point better than this, but hoped Jennifer would understand anyway.
"Well ? no ? no, I'm willing to stay open minded, I guess I just am afraid of finding out I can't trust David.  Kind of childish I suppose.  I should just face the trouble head on and deal with the consequences, but I've not been able to bring myself to that thus far."  Jennifer kind of squirmed on the bench, unsure of herself.
"You haven't talked with David about this yet have you?"  Miss Donna already knew the answer.
"Nope ? I haven't," Jennifer sounded a bit ashamed.
"Well hun, my advice would be to take that risk and go talk with him.  I know it sounds over simplified, but if it's meant to be then it will work out, and if it's not ? well you know the rest.  And honey ?" Miss Donna squeezed Jennifer's had gently ? "if it's not meant to be then you have to be good to yourself and leave your loss behind.  Just don't dwell on it sweetheart, life's simply too short.  Jennifer you're a good person and I'm sure things will work out just fine."  Miss Donna had an air of confidence in her words.  Of course she should.  She knows how David feels about Jennifer and now with the knowledge of how Jennifer feels about David she was certain things would work out well.  The Amy situation was just a hiccup on the road to happiness for Jennifer and David.
As they continued to talk for a bit, and finish up the laundry, Miss Donna got the feeling that Jennifer would be taking her advice.  She would be talking to David.  But ? not just yet, Miss Donna could tell Jennifer needed a little more time to catch her wind.  She was still stunned.  That's Ok, thought Miss Donna, Jennifer should take the time she needs to calm down and open her mind to good things.  This will allow her to have a better conversation with David when she does decide to speak with him.

***

Frank sat at his kitchen table twirling a pen over today's paper; the crossword puzzle.  He likes to use a pen rather than a pencil and eraser, as he believes it shows confidence and intelligence.  What a brave soul!
He actually found himself staring out his kitchen window and thinking more than he was confidently defeating the crossword puzzle with quick thrusts from his sword; or ink pen that is.  He found himself preoccupied with banana bread.  Not really the banana bread itself, but the delivery Miss Donna made a little while back, and especially how poorly he felt he acted.  He thought he could let it go, but he still felt quite awful about it.  Even though her wonderful bread delivery was some time ago it felt like it was yesterday.  He could not quite figure out why this was bothering him so much, and that bothered him even more.  Being such an intelligent person he normally was able to think through cause and effect fairly easily.  But when it comes to the heart sometimes the brain just doesn't cut it.
Frank found himself stepping outside his front door before he even knew why.  It was as if his feet had their own mind.  He was half way across the courtyard when he realized he'd not locked his apartment door.  "Son of a ?" he said as he quickly turned back to fix that issue.  Now the odds of someone from The Villa entering his apartment while he was away for a short while were pretty darn small, but it didn't matter to Frank.  He's not exactly a trusting person, ya know.
Once Frank locked the door and checked it a good three times by twisting the locked handle and pushing on the door with his other hand (better safe than sorry, he thought) he quickly made his way back to his destination.
Rap, rap, rap; three loud knocks on Miss Donna's door exacted a strong response from Dash.  She usually made polite welcoming barks to a normal knock from company, but with loud bangs she moved more into watch dog mode than loveable little house pet.  Frank, not even realizing how hard he'd knocked, wondered why Dash sounded so upset.
Miss Donna opened the door with a smile saying "Why Dr. Frank Whitney, how are you today?"  All the while she was standing between Dash and Frank shuffling her feet to keep Dash from going out to jump on Frank.  Dash was angry, she was just excited now and overly playful.  Miss Donna knew how Frank didn't like to be jumped on with doggie paws.  It was bad enough that Cosmo had slipped out to do those fancy figure eights around Frank's legs.
"Well I ? I thought I'd drop b-bby ?," Frank wasn't making sense as he was expending a lot of nervous energy looking down and frowning at this cat rubbing up against his leg.  Miss Donna could picture what was going on in Frank's mind.  Like:  Oh goodness all that hair, why doesn't that thing just go away, filthy animal, oh now look my pants are just covered with hair, great!  Miss Donna found this quite comical.
"Would you like to come in and join me for some coffee, Frank?"  Miss Donna knew once here guest was inside Dash and Cosmo would quickly calm down and let him be; well somewhat.
"Ah yah ? sure."  As Miss Donna opened the door and stepped back to keep Dash from moving forward, Frank moved quickly through, as fast as he could to get away from Cosmo.  Cosmo just turned slowly and strutted back into the apartment as if Frank had accepted her invitation for entry.  Miss Donna slowly closed her front door and realized Frank was already sitting at the table as she released the door handle.  She was impressed with his swift feet.
As Miss Donna entered the kitchen with Dash and Cosmo in toe she said, "Cream and sugar?"
"What ? uhh ? oh yah, cream and sugar yah ? thanks."  Miss Donna noticed Frank seemed kind of nervous for some reason.  She realized it was not very often that he came by to see her.  In fact, had he ever?  She usually has to go see him.  Maybe this was what he was nervous about.  She found it a bit hard to contain herself as she was so wondering what would bring Dr. Whitney to her humble abode.
As Miss Donna placed the cup of coffee in front of Frank and took her chair, Frank blurted out, "Thanks for the banana bread ? it was really good."  He said it very quickly and almost as if reading it off of a cue card; like he'd planned it out thoughtfully.
"Well you're welcome, Frank, do you mind if I call you Frank?"  She figured if there was a good time to ask this, now would be that time.  After all he had come to her, and so it might be best to cut the formalities of Dr. or Professor.
"Sure you can call me Frank if I can call you Donna."  Frank required quid pro quo for most of his negotiations.  Miss Donna found this to be a funny quirk that he insisted upon even when it wasn't necessary.
"Donna and Frank it is then," she said with a smile as she reached down and patted Dash.  "That banana bread was quite a little while back, what brings you here to thank me now?"  Miss Donna wished she hadn't asked this because hey; you take your thank you's when you can get them, especially from Frank Whitney.
"Oh I just thought I'd drop in and say thanks, if that's not all right I can go," Frank said this with a tone somewhere between smartass and sincerity.  It was hard to tell which way he was leaning though.
Miss Donna, or Donna as Frank now calls her, just laughed and told him how any day he drops by is a good day, and he's welcome anytime.  She was laying it on a little thick really, but it lightened Frank's mood enough for him to ease into some small talk.  Miss Donna thought it a challenge and a success if she could get Frank to talk small with her, as she knows his disdain for such things.  At least he pretended this anyway.
After much conversing about everyday things, Cosmo only occasionally bothering Frank, Dash eavesdropping on Miss Donna and Frank's chit chat, several cups of joe and some tasty coffee cake; Frank was feeling pretty good about himself.  So was Miss Donna for that matter.
Thinking it best to end on a positive note Frank decided to make a swift exit.  He's certainly not much for long goodbye's, thought Miss Donna, as Frank nearly jumped up from the table and said, "Well time to be going".  His swift feet in play again as he was out of the kitchen before she even got out of her chair.
"Oh ? I'll ? I'll walk you out," she said trying to keep up.  Frank did pause at the door though.
"Well Donna ? it was real good talking to you, we'll have to do this again sometime."
Miss Donna was stunned by this polite manner; happily stunned that is.  "Certainly Frank, we must do this again real soon.  You drop by anytime."
Miss Donna nearly fell over when Frank replied, "You too ? just drop by anytime."
As Frank walked away from Miss Donna's front door he felt like he was walking on a cloud, but still wasn't completely certain how he'd gotten there or what his purpose was.  All Frank knew was that the pretty Donna certainly knows how to carry on a conversation.  She's intelligent and pretty.  She really is intelligent and pretty, he thought as he almost skipped back to his apartment.  It was a sight to see.
It would appear, from my perspective anyways, that Frank is starting to come around.  As Elizabeth often says to me, when I get a little too solitary:  "People are social beings"; and I'd have to agree with her.  We all need our alone time, our down time, time to think and such, but when it comes right down to it being alone can grow old pretty damn fast.  Frank may be experiencing this, so he's opening up to others.  Or maybe he's just opening up to the pretty and intelligent Donna.  That's probably more like it.
Perhaps if Miss Donna snags Frank then she can gradually, slowly but steadily, bring him around to having cordial conversations with others; umm, like say ? little ole' Sammy for instance.  Woe easy on the reins there cowboy ? one slow step at a time!
As Frank was skipping back to his apartment, Miss Donna (along with her two faithful companions) moved back into the kitchen to set things in order.  As she washed out Frank's coffee mug and opened the dishwasher she felt pretty good about the visit from Frank.  She liked that ? first name basis ? not having to think of him as Dr. Whitney or Professor Frank Whitney, Ph.D. tenured anymore.  It may be a little thing to some, but to Miss Donna it seemed like quite a move in the right direction.
Sure, Frank left out in a hurry, but his goodbye was pleasant and inviting wasn't it?  Miss Donna thought through his quick steps to the front door with a smile.  As she placed the coffee mug in and closed the dishwasher door she noticed her reflection in the mirror over the sink.  She took just a moment to look at herself and then looked deep into her own eyes.  She thought about her late husband, Jack, and about how long it had been since she'd felt that closeness with another person.  It had been so long that she didn't feel any misgivings about finding another; no feelings of like ? say ? cheating on Jack or anything.  After all Jack would have wanted her to be happy and to find another.  Jack cared that much about me, she thought, he wouldn't want me to be alone.
But alone she has been for some time now.  She has friends, but no one particularly close.  I needed that, she surmised as she kind of squinted at her own eyes in the mirror.  I needed the time to heal and to grieve.  Now I only remember the good times, the happy times.  Thinking about Jack makes me smile; doesn't make me sad a bit.  At least that's what I tell myself.  I think I believe myself too.
Miss Donna stepped over to her kitchen window and looked out into the courtyard.  It was another fine Kentucky day.  Seemed like there had been more nice days than bad days lately; both in regards to weather and other.  She noticed the gazebos especially.  On either side of the pool they stood alone ? but not really, they were bookends to the pool, to the courtyard.  They were a pair; paired up for life.  It made her sad, but strangely in a good way, she thought.
She moved back to the kitchen counter to gain a cup of coffee before sitting down at the kitchen table.  As she sat there with Dash lying on the floor at her side and Cosmo rubbing up against her chair and purring, she felt good things were on her horizon.  She realized she almost always thought this, being such a positive person and all.  But this was somewhat different.  There were changes afoot, she could just tell.

Chapter 24

Frank was early to rise this morning.  He seemed excited to wake.  As if the world had something to offer that sleeping would simply waste.  
He's not always up early, though probably more often than not.  See Frank sees the day like he sees people; as a challenge, as someone that won't be telling him what to do.  The day can't teach him; he's the teacher.  No, Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D. tenured Professor of History doesn't let the day rule him.  He rebels against the day as he rebels against the free spirit of an unruly freshman student.  The day is something to be tamed, subdued and put in its place.  Frank certainly has a funny way of seeing the world, doesn't he?
Frank does have a very strict routine for waking to the day though.  He carries his steps out as if there is no other way to accomplish a rise to a day.  First he places both feet on the floor, crunching up his toes to feel the carpet.  He likes that for some reason, he thinks of it as like a cup of coffee for his feet; it gets them up and going.  Next he makes his bed.  He won't even stretch or anything, and sometimes he doesn't even turn the lights on first (if there's enough dim light from the morning to suffice).  He just can't bear the idea of an unmade bed.  He cringes at the thought of walking into his bedroom and seeing ruffled sheets.  Just another quirk of Frank Whitney.
His shower routine is equally planned out but I'll spare you that scene.  ? You're welcome.
Frank just loves breakfast.  In fact it's his favorite meal of the day; less to do with the time of day really than the types of cuisine.  Bacon, eggs (no matter if scrambled, poached, hard boiled, over easy, sunny side up, hey even deviled; eggs are great), hot cakes, sausages (links or patties are equally enjoyable to Dr. Whitney), hash browns, OJ, coffee, milk.  Basically the works.  Frank spares no effort on his breakfast that's for sure.
What would be even better was if Frank could cook.  I mean he tries but he's no Miss Donna in the kitchen if you know what I mean.  Still he makes his breakfast in an organized and efficient manner.  See what I'm trying to say is he cooks like a Professor, not like a cook.  He has more thought than action.  He has more theory than pizzazz, if you get my point.
Still the meal is good to Frank and he devours it with all the speed of a certain cartoon mouse running from Tom the cat.  He at least holds his fork properly as he quickly stuffs his food in.  I doubt Jennifer Holmes would find his social etiquette up to par if she saw his breakfast table manners.  But hey, when bachelors eat alone there are really no rules ? right?  I mean if there's no one there to see then who cares about social etiquette; just let it fly.  I'm sure Frank wouldn't eat like that with the company of another.  Well, I think anyways.
After breakfast Frank slows down quite a bit.  After all, it's not like he has a busy schedule or anything.  So he tries to just stroll through his day; you know, not get in too big of a hurry and all.  
As his massive meal is just beginning to digest he finds himself washing off his pots and pans, plates and such in the sink before placing them carefully (and always in there exact proper place) in the dishwasher.  He enjoys cleaning up far more than cooking.  To Frank, cooking is a means to an end only.  He likes the food, but to him, the cooking is just like jumbling things up, just making a mess.  But ? cleaning up is like restoring order and correctness to his little world.  Cleaning off each plate and utensil, placing them carefully in the dishwasher, wiping off the counter and seeing his kitchen all spic-and-span once again brings him much joy.  It's one of his daily highlights.  Miss Donna would call this, enjoying the "little things".
Once Frank steps from his kitchen into his living room, as he does every day in virtually the same exact manner, he's usually feeling pretty darn good about himself.  A full belly, a made bed, a tidy kitchen; all things in perfect, Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D. tenured Professor of History, order.  Just as he likes it; as he must have it; as he demands it.  Life order is very important to Frank.
In the living room Frank's normal routine is to turn on the television.  No sound, mind you, see Frank just likes the company of television not the intrusive talk of it.  He prefers to sit with the TV on and read.  What he reads is not exactly what one would call eclectic.  His reading desires focus around a single genre, although there are a lot of limbs on that tree.
His preferred reading subject is ? you guessed it, history.  He devours history books like ? well like hot cakes.  From any century, from any country, from any subject, Frank gobbles them all up.  You'd almost think as much history reading Frank has done in his life he'd have read it all, but then again there's a lot of past in the ? past ? I suppose.
See as long as it's history Frank'll read it.  He loves the past, the history of things.  The past is safe, it's stable, and it's known.  History, especially in the written form, is like a made bed to Frank, like a clean kitchen after a hardy meal.  It's set in stone, there's nothing to be argued about, well in Frank's mind anyway.  He likes that best about history.  It's set in stone.  It is what it is, with no feeling or argument, nothing but the facts.  That's how Frank sees it.
I have to say I see history a bit differently though.  That is that ? well history is usually written by the winners of wars, not the losers.  That allows history to be spun in whatever manner the victor decides.  We'd all like to think that winners are always honest, but as adults we have to face the fact that sometimes propaganda creeps into our history books, even in our word of mouth told history stories.  It's just a fact of life I suppose ? that being that human nature is to stretch the truth in your favor; to create history that suits your purpose best.  To the victor goes the spoils, they say.  By the way I licked that bully Johnny Tolson in the third grade, pay no attention to any history stories you may have heard that say otherwise.
Anyways where was I ? oh yah, Frank enjoys reading for an hour or so.  He thinks of it as his daily mental workout.  I see his point.  Ya know, Frank may have some funny ways of looking at things but they seem to fit him well.  His quirky way about him is somehow endearing.  Perhaps that's what Miss Donna sees in him?
After reading Frank likes to make his rounds about The Villa.  In this part of his day he thinks of himself as the Sentry.  As he strolls around The Villa he feels he's guarding the very essence of his home; of every tenants home.  Although he's not really guarding from danger.  No, no Frank is guarding from inappropriate behaviors mainly.  Things such as:  kids running by the pool, dogs off leashes, roaming cats, any trash strewn about the courtyard, or God forbid a newbie parking in a front parking space.
Frank guards The Villa from what he deems to be behavior that is outside of his liking.  I guess we all do that to a degree, but Dr. Frank Whitney, Ph.D. does it to the "nth" degree, and then goes just a bit further.  He's not opposed to walking right up to another tenant and letting them know his thoughts about how they are negatively impacting his lifestyle at The Villa.
Example:  This one time last year Helen Camble, a resident for some time now, was reading in one of the Gazebos.  Just sitting there quietly on a Sunday afternoon reading and occasionally taking a sip from her soda bottle.  Little did she know she was being scouted.  See Helen didn't realize there was an empty soda bottle on the ground just outside of the Gazebo, just out of her sight ? but Frank did.  The bottle must have been left by someone else because it certainly wasn't Helen's, she picks up after herself; see I know her fairly well.
Anyways, it made no difference to old Frank.  As Helen got up to leave and walked across the courtyard, with her empty soda bottle I might add; Frank seemed to leap out of nowhere and gave her an ear full about picking up your trash, see that soda bottle, how dare you, you're not the only one living here you know, be a good neighbor and all that jazz.
Needless to say poor Helen was caught off guard and stunned.  She was so surprised she didn't even put up a fight, she just walked over and picked up the other soda bottle and took it with her back to her apartment.  
Later she told me how annoying the situation was and how that Frank fella's a real ass.  I think Helen's exact words were:  "What an ass that Frank can be.  I don't know who named him head dude in charge of the Neighborhood Watch Alliance, but I'd like to ? well to ? kick him square in his ? naditudes".  Helen's quite humorous and probably just kidding around.  Although, if I were Frank I'd be watching her feet closely the next time I see her.
Yah, Frank can take his watchtower patrol to an annoying level in a big hurry.  Luckily for us tenants, he usually completes this part of his day rather quickly, and on this day he found nothing to complain about, not out loud anyway.
Frank sometimes skips lunch.  After all with such an enormous breakfast who would be hungry?  If he does eat lunch it's usually a quick sandwich and some fruit; something that he can make quickly and get down fast, in order to move on to his chores time.  Today he chose a single banana as his lunch.
Chores time is early afternoon for Frank.  He actually doesn't mind chores.  He sees them as tidying up so they have their proper purpose in this world.  Time well spent in his mind.  Whether it be laundry (in that damn dungeon, Frank likes to call it; I'll spare you his long diatribe about the steep steps leading down to the dank room ? again your welcome), vacuuming, dusting, or his favorite cleaning the bathroom; Frank is up for the task.  You'd think someone like Frank would cringe at cleaning a bathroom, but he enjoys it.  I think he gets high off the cleanser fumes or something.  Who knows?
He does pace himself though.  Seems he does a little bit each day rather than trying to tackle everything like say; once per month.  He has the time and so he uses his meticulous cleaning efforts to fill up part of his day; to make him feel like he's doing something worthwhile.  At least it keeps Dr. Whitney busy and off of his Sentry patrol.  I think I can speak for all the tenants of The Villa by saying we are thankful for that.
Once Frankie boy is finished scrubbing his toilet or dusting off his many books (like he did today), he likes to spend the rest of his afternoon doing various things.  He thinks of this as his free time, time when he can just let go and do whatever he wants; go crazy so to speak.  That's actually kind of funny; I mean Frank go crazy?  His free time is regimented almost as much as his chores time really.  Free time is usually rotated between shopping, reading the newspaper, doing crossword puzzles, the random chore like getting the car oil changed, or going for a brisk walk around the neighborhood.  Not exactly cutting loose I'd say, but it seems to keep Frank feeling happy so hey, good for him.  His free time today consisted of crossword puzzles.  Sounds like an exciting afternoon, huh?
Frank's got a pretty good pension, being a retired Professor from a state university and all.  So he's not exactly hurting in the dough department if you catch my drift.  In fact, it's funny that he even lives at The Villa, as he could afford a far more lavish abode.  Maybe he likes The Villa's quaint nature?
Anyways, as I was saying, Frank doesn't have to worry about money too much, so he's built into his home budget one meal on the town per day; big breakfast, a light lunch or maybe no lunch, then a meal out.  Good eating I think.
Frank's idea of a meal on the town is usually take out, and a lot of it.  He does have quite the appetite.  Luckily for Frank, Owensboro really does have a large selection, basically everything:  all your basic burger joints, cafés (some serving all day breakfast, Frank loves that), bar & grills, BBQ, donut shops, pizza pizza pizza, all day breakfast places, southern cookin' buffet's, cafeterias, Chinese (mmm), a couple of health food joints, surf & turfs, steak houses, Mexican, deli's, submarine sandwiches, Italian, seafood, and even a place that specializes only in frozen custard.  Yah, Frank has quite a selection to choose from.
Today Frank did his normal process of thumbing through the yellow pages for a while looking at the names and addresses of each of the restaurants in town.  He enjoyed two cups of coffee during his search for the perfect dinner.  After all that he went with what he goes for nine out of ten times; pizza.  Frank likes to really keep his options open but then reverts to his old faithful anyway.  Kind of a cute quirk really; he spends all that time thinking, searching, planning, and then usually just goes with the same ole' same ole'.
But ? it's not like it's just regular fast food pizza though.  There's this genuine Italian pizzeria in town called Guzzardos, where they make real pizza pies, among other great Italian foods.  I mean they make authentic Italian pizza pies; not the American kind.  Don't get me wrong I love all kinds of pizza, but if you've even had authentic Italian pizza pie you know what I mean.  It's something special.  Frank certainly knows this and pretty much keeps Guzzardos in business with his orders.
Frank calls in his order and drives over.  He could have it delivered but he likes an excuse to get out.  When he picks it up they know him by name.  I'm not saying they like him, because Frank can be as surly with the Guzzardos' staff as he is with The Villa's tenants.  But ? he likes that he's known.  Makes him feel good when he calls in his order and just says "the usual".  He doesn't even say his name, they know his voice.  This makes Frank feel like he belongs, like he has a home, not just at The Villa, but in the town of Owensboro as well.  By the way, I believe "the usual" is a large supreme.
Now you might think Frank, being a tight wad and all, wouldn't tip well.  And most places he doesn't, but at Guzzardos he usually goes thirty percent or better, and during the holidays he might even go one hundred percent.  One time, during the Christmas season, he left a tip of one hundred dollars.  He likes the pizza pies that much.  That and he actually does have a soft side and likes to show his appreciation; at least on special occasions.
Dinner is eaten at a calm pace, at least when compared to breakfast.  After numerous slices Frank has a couple of cups of coffee and then reads any yet to be read tidbits from the daily newspaper.  It's more of a winding down time for him than a cerebral moment.  He enjoys disliking the sensationalized crap that passes as "fair and balanced" news these days.  If you ask Frank his thoughts about this he can quickly jump on his soap box.
After reading he prepares for bed and then climbs in, usually quite early.  Frank falls asleep rather quickly, no tossing and turning like some folks.  Frank always sleeps like a baby, quite content with himself.
But ? deep down I think he knows he's missing something important; something ? someone that could add to his life.  Someone's life he could add to as well.
Chapter 25

There had been a few days of rain, so when the sun came out on Saturday Jennifer thought it would be a good opportunity to get out of the apartment.  The pool would most likely be pretty cold from the recent rain, but the sun would be warm and sitting out to read sounded like a good plan.  So down beside the pool it was.
As Jennifer gathered up her book, a diet soda and a reclining lawn chair, she was thinking about how much better she had been feeling lately.  Still not ready to talk with David just yet, but not as concerned about bumping into him either.  She thought how it wasn't too long ago that she was kind of a shut in.  She wouldn't have dared gone down to the courtyard and run the risk of being approached by David or anyone, especially Amy Helmer.  Now she realized she really didn't care. No, Jennifer thought to herself; it's not that I don't really care; it's that I've gained the strength to deal with it.  That's it ? strength.  She felt good about herself as she stepped out of her apartment.
The stroll across the courtyard to the pool was pleasant.  The sun was warm on her face, and the air smelled very fresh; washed clean by the recent precipitation.  Jennifer picked a spot with good sunlight and situated her chair so that she had the perfect natural reading light without being hit directly in the eyes by the sun.  As she leaned back in the reclining chair and opened her book she took a deep breath and smiled.
Jennifer's smile did not make Amy happy at all; in fact, it infuriated her.  See Amy, from her kitchen window, just happened to notice Jennifer down by the pool.  She watched Jennifer intently from her perch.  She felt as if she were stalking her prey.  Indeed she was.  
Oh, what to do ? what to do, thought Amy.  Having it out for little Jennifer Holmes was becoming all consuming to Amy's psyche.  Obsessed is a good word to describe her.  Obsessed with revenge, wrath, come-up-ins; just general mean things.
Amy finally turned from her kitchen window and found her way to the cabinet.  She needed to calm down a bit, and think.  Nothing better to calm the nerves than a few shots, she thought.  As she opened the bottle of whiskey she took a big whiff and then smiled herself; a smile much larger than Jennifer's had been.  This pleased Amy, very much so.
After one jigger ? one after another that is, Amy felt the calm wash over her.  She stopped at three (or was it four) because she wanted to keep her bearings.  Yes, she thought, calm but stay composed.
Now what shall I do?  There's definitely more to be done to the smiling little Jennifer Holmes, thought Amy.  I suppose I could just let her stew a bit more.  From what I can tell she and David haven't been seeing each other anymore, so I know my plan has at least partially worked.  Maybe I should just lay low and be patient?  Let the magic work ? hmmm.
"No, no that's too easy," said Amy right out loud as she pounded her fist on the kitchen counter; hard enough to hurt.   I'm not one to lay off when I have someone on the ropes.  She needs to be on the ground, beaten down; or something like that.  I've never been served well by inaction.  Doing something is the way to winning something.  "A-c-tion is sat-is-faction."  Amy laughed loudly as she said again, almost singing "action is satisfaction!"
Amy decided to go straight down there and confront Jennifer.  Well, not be so obvious as to actually confront her, but seem to just happen to show up by the pool and then gradually lay into Jennifer.  Amy thought she would be subtle.  However, subtlety is not something Amy has in her bag of tricks.  Nevertheless, Amy was off to the courtyard.
As Amy headed out her front door, with a book and a beer, she realized her anger was welling up again.  She had intensity to her that she would have to mask if she were to be effective in her initial approach.
Amy was surprised when she approached the pool.  She was surprised that Jennifer did not even look up from her book, even though she figured Jennifer clearly knew she was approaching.
With very little subtlety Amy stepped between Jennifer and the sun, taking her reading environment from sunny to shady and leaving no doubt to Jennifer that Amy was present.  Jennifer looked up.
"Hello Amy," said Jennifer with a polite smile, not showing the least bit of concern about Amy blocking her light.  Amy did not like this calm behavior from Jennifer, she saw it as fake.  She wanted to see a down in the dumps, blue, beaten down Jennifer; a girl that had lost her man to the better and prettier Amy Helmer.
"What are you reading?"  Amy asked this with a cold quick tone.
"'An American Tragedy' by Dreiser."
"Sounds fitting," Amy replied, referring simply to the title as it related to Jennifer's tragedy of losing David.  Amy, of course, had not read the book or even heard of it before.
"It's pretty good ? what're you reading Amy?"  Jennifer had a genuine interest in what Amy liked to read.  She always enjoyed finding out what others like to read, as she feels it tells a lot about a person.  With Amy it certainly does.
"Oh, just some tawdry romance novel I picked up in the grocery store," replied Amy without even bothering to tell Jennifer the title.  Amy didn't feel Jennifer deserved the effort of looking at the book cover, and she had forgotten what the name of it was anyways; the book wasn't important, that's not why she was down by the pool.
"Oh," said Jennifer as she glanced back down to her book, thinking (and hoping) this little small talk with Amy Helmer was winding down to a close.  Wrong.
"What you don't read romance, you prefer more heady pursuits?"  Amy was ramping up her rhetoric.
"Oh I don't know, I guess I read just about everything," replied Jennifer with a smile, but without looking up from her book.  She realized this was a bit rude but hoped Amy would get the picture.
"You certainly do seem to read a lot don't you?  Takes up an awful lot of your time doesn't it?  Perhaps if you were to spend more time on your people skills than having your nose in a book you might fare better."  Amy took her volume up as she finished her not so veiled insult.
"I suppose you have a point there, Amy ? but one can learn a lot from reading as well ? things like how to deal with evil characters in a plot,"  Jennifer still had not looked up from her book, although she was obviously not reading.
"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"  Amy replied while placing her beer and book down by the pool.
"Just that art often mirrors real life ? therefore reading can teach us about life."  Jennifer did raise her eyes now and looked Amy square on.
"Oh, well I guess you have your excuse to live in your books then huh?"  Amy placed her hands on her hips while taking a step towards Jennifer's chair.  She enjoyed the position of hovering over Jennifer, looking down upon her.
Jennifer chose to ignore Amy for the moment, moving her eyes back to her book.  She thought reacting would only feed Amy's fire.  However, the truth is, Jennifer's reaction was irrelevant to Amy as she had her plans in motion.
"You really think you're something don't you?  Think you've got things all figured out."  Amy moved even a bit closer to Jennifer's personal space.
"What on earth do you mean ? Amy?"  Jennifer had full on sarcasm in her tone now.  She thought it was probably a mistake but let it flow anyway.  Her over inflection of Amy's name was like icing on the cake.
"I'm sure you know exactly what I mean little Miss Goody-Two-Shoes.  You've got a smug way about you don't ya?"  Amy's voice raised on octave.
"I'm just sitting here reading by the pool, how exactly does that make me ? smug?"  Jennifer realized this question would exact a strong response, but hey, at least I don't have to do the talking, she thought.  She was not at all interested in talking to Amy Helmer.  She thought, just maybe, she could ignore her and keep on reading.  Good luck with ignoring little Miss Helmer when she's on a tear.
"You've just got a smartass attitude don't you now?  You've got a fake calm and quiet thing goin' and you know it."  Jennifer couldn't help but respond to this.
"You mean I'm quiet and that makes me ? bad?"  Jennifer placed her book upside down on her lap.  She realized this was a sure sign she had taken the bait; she was in the conversation now, whether she like it or not.
"You just have that quiet whisper tone like you're trying to be so soft and sweet, like churchy or something.  No one is that nice and you damn well know it.  You've got something up your sleeve; you've got a hidden agenda.  This soft little mouse whisper thing you've got goin' may work on David but I'm on to you."  Amy was getting around to her true motives; David.
"Oh you mean I talk softly ? too softly?"
"I'm not talking softly so I know you heard me!"  Amy walked over and opened her beer; taking a big swig.
"Talk in a whisper voice?"
"Ah ? yah."  Amy tried hard to mirror Jennifer's earlier sarcasm.
"Like I'm in a library or something?"
"What?"
"Like I'm talking softly to someone in a library?"
"What does that have to do with anything?"  Amy wasn't catching on at all.
"Amy ?"  The small pause left by Jennifer lead Amy to interrupt her rudely.
"What!"
"I'm a Librarian ?" again Amy interrupted.
"What?"
"I was saying ? I'm a Librarian ?"  Amy talked over Jennifer.
"Oh bullshit!"
"Yup, I'm a Reference Librarian at Daviess County Public Library.  You know it's that big building not too far from here where they keep books.  People check them out and read them and ? stuff."  Sarcasm had returned with a vengeance.
"Are you implying I don't know what a library is or that I don't know how to read?"
"Not at all," replied Jennifer with a smug smile.  She figured if Amy was complaining about her being "smug", well then she'd give her something to complain about.
"So, then you think being a Librarian gives you the excuse to have such a fake tone?"  Amy took another big drink from her beer.
Jennifer realized she was in a no win situation so she just replied:  "I'll give you that Amy, I do talk too softy some times, but it's just who I am; you're welcome not to like it."  Jennifer didn't sound sarcastic now; she had a more sincere timbre to her voice.
"You think you're pretty smart don't you?"  Amy didn't even give Jennifer the time to reply.  "No I don't like the way you talk, and anything else about you girl; and neither does David.  That's why you lost him."  Amy now sat down on the edge of the pool.  She felt it was the right time to show the confidence to not need to tower over Jennifer in the heated conversation.  She already had the upper hand, at least in her mind.
"I know right where David is ? he's not lost," Jennifer said with a smug laugh.  She thought it was a bad idea to egg Amy Helmer on, but did it anyway.
"Oh, you've lost him that's for sure.  The best girl won, and that ain't you."  Amy laughed in an odd cackle even she thought was weird after she'd done it.  Jennifer just looked at her for several seconds perplexed by her strange behavior.
"What's the matter toots; cat got your tongue?  You're not so smart now are you?"  Amy was itching for a response.  She was enjoying the back and forth argument.  Amy just loved arguments she thought she could win.  Jennifer really didn't like any argument regardless of the outcome, but seemed to be going right along; at least until now.
"Well Amy if you're looking to win then congrats.  I'm not exactly sure what you've won but I hope the trophy looks good on your mantel."  Jennifer continued speaking quickly so Amy wouldn't have the chance to interrupt her.  Jennifer noticed Amy had a look on her face like she desperately wanted to say something.  "Winning and losing implies playing a game, and I gave up games a long time ago."  Amy quickly jumped in at this point.
"That's exactly what it is Jennifer; it's a game.  You're a game; a game to be played and you've been played like a ? a violin, or a ? well a smug, sheltered Librarian type.  You see your book smarts don't equate to street smarts hon, and all your reading won't help you beat me at the game of attraction.  You just don't have the tools girl; inside ? or out for that matter."  Amy flipped her hair back with this last statement, as if flirting, trying to accentuate that fact that she believed she was prettier than Jennifer.  It was a weird display, thought Jennifer.
 "Well ? Amy ? as I was saying, I don't play games.  So, how do you win in a game when the other party isn't playing?"
"You played, you're just saying you didn't 'cause you lost."
"Oh, I see."  Jennifer saw Amy's logic in this.  In fact, she was a little right and that made things worse, thought Jennifer.  One of the key differences, at the moment, between Jennifer and Amy appeared to be perspective.  Jennifer could see where Amy was coming from, but with Amy it was not a two-way street.
"Good, then you're beginning to accept your loss," laughed Amy.
"Well Amy, my point of view on this issue is ?" Amy interrupted her.
"Oh, oh I just can't wait to hear this from the highly education and well read book worm Librarian with zero people skills.  This ought to be good, let me get myself all situated and ready, should I go get pen and paper to write this down?  Will it be profound and life changing; your wisdom and all?"  Amy turned around and sat Indian style directly in front of Jennifer's chair now.  She moved herself around as if preparing to hear important news.  She was beyond condescending with her mannerisms and posture.
"Amy, to me a man isn't a prize, it's called a relationship, and people aren't there for you to win ? or lose."  Jennifer had a thoughtful tone to her voice.
"Said the loser!"  Amy quipped.
Jennifer laughed loudly at this, as if it were so absurd.  Amy stared at her intently.
"Oh so now you and David are in a r-e-l-a-t-i-o-nship, huh?"  Amy's tone was quite dramatic.
"I didn't say that now did I?"  Jennifer was growing tired of this conversation all together.
"You certainly alluded to it."
"Well if you wish to call David a game then you win.  If he's able to be won or lost in your game then you can have your win.  Happy now?"  Jennifer began to gather up her things.
"Yes, Jennifer, I'm very happy thank you; I'm freaking ecstatic!"  Amy especially liked that she seemed to be running Jennifer off.  "Oh didn't mean to chase you off sweetie," said Amy with a pompous tone.
"I have things to do Amy," replied Jennifer as she casually headed to her apartment.  Once again Amy felt as if she'd won.  She wore Jennifer down and then ran her back to her apartment with her tail between her legs.  Sweet success!
As Jennifer entered her apartment she began to think about her strange encounter with the aggressive Miss Helmer just now.  As she put her folding lawn chair in the closet and walked to the kitchen for a drink of water, she was surprised how good she felt about herself.  She thought; there was a time when such an obvious insult laden conversation would really bring me down.  Perhaps Amy doesn't have that power over me, or perhaps no one does anymore.  Maybe having this self confidence is one of the good things about getting older?  Gaining maturity in those tough social situations and holding onto your self-worth while under attack certainly feels good.  It's quite the confidence builder.
As Jennifer dropped the ice cubes in her glass and filled the glass with water she looked in the mirror over the sink and said:  "I'm beginning to heal now ? no I'm probably done with that.  I'm healed.  I can face Amy.  I can probably even talk to David."  She felt good.
She thought on:  I absolutely have to return to that field and thank my friend the tree for beginning my healing process.  A picnic, even if I have to go alone.  Something told her that she would do this someday but couldn't bring herself to pin herself down to when.  Again she thought about how most people just don't do things like that until they need a break.  When things are good they just stand in their kitchen, all relaxed and confident, and talk to themselves in the mirror while drinking ice water.  She laughed out loud at this thought.
She began to think about David; about the fun they had at dinner.  She especially felt good about the times they ran together, with the small talk and the joy she felt finding someone with similar interests and even similar perspectives on life.
Jennifer then allowed herself to be upset with David as she thought about how someone like him could get mixed up with the sort like Amy Helmer.  She's just trouble, bad trouble.  David must be immature and thinking with his ? well not his brain, she thought.
Then Jennifer dialed herself back and cut out the pessimism.  She thought, with all feelings aside, and looking at the possible realities of the situation there could be a simple explanation for the whole thing.  Amy could be lying about most of what she'd said, and there could be an explanation for Amy and David kissing by the pool that day.  Jennifer couldn't, for the life of her, decide what that explanation might be, but she thought it worth believing there could be such an explanation.  An open mind is what I need here, she thought.  With that she decided to rest her mind on the issue for the time being.
Amy decided to remain by the pool for a bit; sort of stake out her territory so to speak.  She sat down on the edge of the pool and dangled her feet into the water, it was cold but she didn't mind, it made her feel good to conquer any obstacle that came her way.  She finished off her beer and gazed about the courtyard.  She was charged; energized.
Amy thought back to how smug and condescending Jennifer was in their conversation.  She thought it was all a show, that Jennifer was just acting cool, but was probably all torn up inside.  She hoped this was the case.
It wasn't long before Amy's normal nature came into play.  The good feelings of victory were quickly replaced with the desire to continue to inflict damage; especially damage to Jennifer.  She wanted some tears at least.
What if she really is Ok with things, thought Amy?  What if she's not just acting cool, but really doesn't care.  Surely not!  Amy had begun to let her negative nature override her good feelings of victory.  She often does this and it tends to drive her to her hateful activities.  As Amy continued to fume over the calm and collected Jennifer she found herself kicking her legs in the pool and even splashing quite hard.  She stopped suddenly and nearly shouted out "that bitch!"  Amy didn't care who heard, but then again didn't want Jennifer to hear her and then think she'd gotten to her.
Amy collected her things and moved swiftly toward her apartment.  She felt a little dizzy with rage and decided, as she so often does, to drown those feelings.  As she entered her apartment, Amy turned on the radio to some modern pop station and moved to the kitchen cabinet.  One or two ? that is one or two more than too many, and Amy was at least suppressing her constant thoughts of vengeance and destruction of Jennifer Holmes.  She wondered, as she removed the shot glass from her lips, if she felt any better now than she did before she went down by the pool to confront Jennifer.  Probably not, but it did not cross her mind that her actions were futile and possibly a complete waste of time.  To Amy the act of aggression in itself was worthwhile; a reason to get up in the morning, a reason to live.  Doing something is the way to winning something.  Action is satisfaction!  Regardless of the time or effort spent, Amy sees doing something as positive.
I see Amy's point about action and all.  I mean doing nothing will certainly get you nowhere fast, but she really seems to take the whole philosophy of taking action and twists it up in evil.  Don't you think?  I mean if someone is dangling from a cliff and you help them by pulling them back up to safe ground, well then that's appropriate action.  But ? if you're bored and decide to create some excitement in your life and push them off the cliff and leave them dangling, well that's not good action.  My point being action toward bad is probably not what people mean when they say doing something is better than doing nothing.  Something tells me that Amy doesn't even take the time to decipher the good or bad intentions of action.  The action in itself is enough for her.  The excitement of a fast passed, action packed life; the "I want it all and I want it now" syndrome, which may be Amy in a nutshell.  But ? what do I know?   I just observe people I guess; don't have those fancy letters after my name to psychoanalyze them.
Amy continued to drink for sometime then made her way to bathroom for a quick shower and then took an extreme amount of time to prepare her makeup and pick out her clothes.  A night on the town was what she had in mind.  Dancing, drinking, flirting, friends (or what she calls friends), more drinking and then possibly a new encounter.  Her old standby "boys she calls friends" just didn't interest her tonight.  She wanted to try on something new; to lead him on then let him be when she's done with him.
Amy was quite intoxicated when she climbed into her car in The Villa's parking lot, but she was confident in her abilities.  She's one of those folks that believes they drive "better" when their drunk.  At least the level of inebriation kept her from driving angry.  She was relaxed and on top of the world.  Amy knew it would be a good night out.
Chapter 26

The following Saturday morning Jennifer rose early, as usual, for her morning run.  She had made up her mind that, regardless of the weather, it would be a good run.  As she was lacing up her running shoes she thought:  through rain or sleet or snow; that's the dedication of a runner, like the postman.  You have to always deliver.  She was pleasantly surprised when she stepped out of her apartment to discover that Mother Nature had cooperated quite well.  It was a little cool for Jennifer's taste, but very little wind and not even a hint of rain; the air smelt fresh and clean.  It would be a great day for a run, but then to Jennifer any day is a great day for a run.
On her first mile she focused in on warming up, concentrating on her form and making sure not to push herself too hard; wouldn't want to pull a hamstring or anything.  Years of running has taught Jennifer to respect her body and to know what it can and can't do.  Warming up is essential to a runners long-term success.  Your legs are like the wheels of a car.  The car's not going anywhere without its wheels, so you might want to try to avoid nails and such if you intend to keep on driving.  Sprinting out of the blocks without a good warm up is like running over nails; bad idea.  Jennifer tries to think this philosophy through each time she runs.  She knows from running with several older runners that, as you get older, one wrong move can cause an injury that will set you back months or even years.  She always keeps this in mind, even though she's still quite young.  She shows wisdom beyond her years, similar to David, but more so.
As Jennifer entered her second mile she began to settle into a steady, but quick, pace.  This was the time when she felt comfortable to let muscle memory take over and allow her mind wonder; as she is fully warmed up and ready to go.  With her mind moving almost as fast her legs, Jennifer jumped from what she would do later that day, to chores that need to be done around the apartment, on to a few work items that were on her plate, as well as just enjoying the scenery as it whizzed by.
Once Jennifer had worked through most of the little things that were on her mind she decided to ponder more substantial items.  David.  She knows now that she's healed enough, and has allowed enough time to go by, to let herself think about David whenever she likes.
Normally on a run Jennifer will block her mind from anything that may cause her stress.  She's found having stress upon you while running tires you out and makes the run harder than it needs to be.  The fatigue of the stress masks itself as physical exhaustion and can ruin your run.  But, her thoughts of David were no longer causing this type of stress so she allowed herself the moment.
She was happy to find herself thinking mainly happy thoughts.  Jennifer found it far easier to do this than she anticipated.  It made her feel good and this only increased her confidence to run faster.
As Jennifer entered her third mile she felt quite invigorated.  This surprised her a bit and she figured she would just let it flow.  I'm not sure how far I'll let myself run today, she thought.  Maybe a marathon!  She laughed out loud with this thought and noticed she was a little breathless with the pace she was holding.  Dialing back into a more manageable, but still quite respectable, pace her breathing became more rhythmic and less heaving.
When she began her run the sun was just coming up, providing a grey tint to the landscape around her.  Now the sun was moving quickly to light the world and turn all things their normal color, only with that morning orange/yellow glow that is so beautiful that it makes you thank God for providing such things.  Jennifer found herself focusing on the beauty and smiling like a schoolgirl.  
For some reason that morning glow always reminds her of a glass of orange juice.  As if her sense of sight and taste get intertwined in the morning radiance and such beauty goes beyond her vision and actually impacts her taste buds.  It provided a positive mood that sat quite well with her nice thoughts of David.
Upon her return home Jennifer decided on a long hot bath.  She's always been a bath person.  Jennifer, jokingly, sometimes says there are two types of people in this world:  bath people and shower people.  Bath people take things slow; one day at a time.  They enjoy the little things in life and savor precious moments.  Shower people, on the other hand, are a more driven bunch; in a hurry to make life happen rather than letting it come to them.  They're not a bad lot, just a little jumpy and always rushing about.  Jennifer sometimes has to take a shower due to the busy life of a young adult, but she remembers the care free days of childhood when baths were almost always on the menu.  She plans to take more baths in her future.
As Jennifer undressed for her bath, she just then realized how very hard she had been running this morning.  She was dripping wet with sweat and her clothes were completely soaked.  She noticed two quite red patches on the back of her heels; she surmised that her intense foot turnover was more than her skin was used to.  Jennifer didn't fret though; she knew they would heal quickly.  She giggled a little as she said out loud "the heels will heal".
The vigorous run had provided her now with a calm that was very soothing; a calm that would only be enhanced by a long hot soak.  Jennifer turned on the faucet and lit a few candles around the tub.  She then walked, quite naked she noticed, to the kitchen.  She enjoyed the cooling effect the slight breeze, she created with her movements, had on her sweaty form.  Jennifer especially relished in the thought of how that cool feeling now would become loose and relaxing when she dipped herself into the sultry bath water.
In the kitchen Jennifer grabbed a glass and added several ice cubes.  As she turned on the tap to fill her glass with water, she caught a glimpse of her breasts in the mirror over the sink.  She thought it not too vain to admire herself for a moment.  As she could only see herself from the waist up in the mirror, she focused on her stomach (flat and tight), then her breasts (youthful, firm, perfect she thought, not too big, not too small) and her shoulders (runners shoulders, thin and athletic).  Jennifer thought about how the flesh weakens over time and how beauty is so fleeting.  She enjoyed her young adult body and hoped it would last.  She knows it won't though, and she thinks to herself that she can live with that, as she makes her way back to the rapidly filling bathtub.
With a big gulp of her ice water and a deep breath she wastes no time; in she goes.  The water is not warm; rather on the verge of immediate skin reddening, just the way she likes it.  Steam was rising from the water and Jennifer noticed the bathroom mirror was completely fogged over as she let herself slide completely under the water, head and all.
Under the water, where silence is king and time seems to stand still, Jennifer didn't think; she simply let her eyes remain closed and enjoyed the searing darkness of the water.  These were the moments she savored as a child; no worries, no hurries, no need for patience because there was nothing more to desire to have, or especially to have more quickly.
As Jennifer began to pull her head up out of the water now, she recalled how as a child she would hold her breath as long as she could.  She recalled how her mother would time her and each time Jennifer took a bath she would try to beat her previous time.  This thought made her feel like a child; good.  She glimpsed at the second hand of the bathroom clock.  It was a bit hard to see because the face was fogged over, but she made it out.  Jennifer took a big breath and puffed her cheeks out wide (just like she did as a child), then quickly plunged herself under the water.
As the seconds ticked by she tried to remember what her best time was as a child.  She could not.  It surprised her that she couldn't get her mind around such an important thing; a number that meant so much to her as a child.  As she lifted her head above water Jennifer took a breath and didn't even check the clock.  She thought about how funny it is that too many things, we hold so sacred in our youth, seem to get dropped when the rigors of adult life kick in.  It didn't make her sad really; just reflective.
After a good long soak, Jennifer began thinking about how to approach David. I should just be an adult about the whole thing, she thought.  I should be mature and just talk to him; it's time now.  I'm ready.
Jennifer thought about how if David likes Amy and that's that, then she can deal with it.  She said out loud "I know I can live with it, if that's the way it is", as she began soaping up her wash rag.  Jennifer knew she could deal with the worst, but still couldn't help but hope for the best.  She tried not to get her hopes up, but simply couldn't help herself.  Jennifer found herself going through the motions of bathing without even realizing it, as her mind was focused on bigger things.
Jennifer wonders if the whole thing was a misunderstanding.  She realizes if she did just misread the facts of the situation she would be better off.  After all that's what she hoped.  However ? she still couldn't help but feel foolish about it.  If she simply misinterpreted the whole thing then she was foolish.  Jennifer's being pretty hard on herself at this point.  She feels her face turn a little flush as she begins to empty the tub.
Jennifer had made up her mind to talk to David soon.  So as not to over think the whole thing, she worked hard to ponder other things while she finished up her bathing routine.  As she toweled off and moved to the sink she noticed the steam in the room, thick enough you could cut it with a knife.  She reached out with her hand and wiped the bathroom mirror to remove the fog.  Looking directly in her own eyes, then taking in the bigger picture of her full face and slicked back black hair, Jennifer smiled a big genuine smile at herself and winked.  Feeling quite cutesy she giggled.
Opening the closet to her bedroom she decided on extra casual for the day.  Blue jeans, sneakers and a t-shirt; Jennifer was in the mood for relaxed attire.  It suited her attitude today well.
Brunch, she thought.  Yes, I'm in the mood for a nice quiet, slow brunch.  As Jennifer headed to her front door she had no idea where she would dine, but knew she'd figure it out along the way.
As she drives out of The Villa's parking lot Jennifer thinks:  David's worth it, my feelings for him are worth it.  Worth the risk of being turned down if he likes Amy or feeling foolish if my hurt feelings were all a misunderstanding.  She's certain he's worth it.  Jennifer knows she will have a good brunch.
Chapter 27

David has found himself thinking a lot about what went wrong with Jennifer.  In fact, you could say he had been quite preoccupied with the subject for at least the past several days.  He's not at all sure what he did wrong, but he must have done something.  He thinks this through again and again and steps his mind through his date with Jennifer and several of their runs together.  For the life of him, David just can't figure out what he might've done or said wrong.
He knows, though doesn't want to admit the truth, that it really could be nothing he did.  Women, particularly young pretty women, with many options and choices of men, can change their mind at the drop of a hat; through no fault of the guy at all.  That is to say, especially beautiful women, as David sees Jennifer, are sought after by numerous men at times.  You could say they have their pick of the litter.  You could term it like that if you believe comparing men to dogs is apt.  I suppose at times it is.  Isn't it now?
You know what?  I used to be quite resentful of the fact that it seems women have more choices in love than men do.  But ? once Elizabeth came into my life it didn't bother me at all.  Funny how when you have someone all the difficulties of single life and the dating pool fade away.  I guess women seem wicked when you're unwanted, and streets are up even when you're down.  However, once you're accepted, how you got that way really holds no weight; just doesn't seem to matter at all.  Anyway ? I digress.
As I was explaining, before we were so rudely interrupted by my soap box speech about dogs and men, David had his mind on Jennifer lately.  In fact he had even thought long and hard about making a strong effort to get her back.  He pictured himself like a cowboy rescuing a poor farm girl from the drudgery and boredom of field life.  Riding into town, sweeping her off her feet, placing her behind him on his horse and riding off into the sunset.  After all once you ride off into the sunset together on a horse, everything after that is just perfect.  Right?  Anyways, David pictured himself winning Jennifer back, now all he had to do was figure out how to do it.  Perhaps some of his pros/cons lists and written plans are in order?
After all ? David could care less about Amy now.  I mean, being a "nice guy", David doesn't want to see any harm come to her or even hurt her feelings, but at the same time he's not interested in Amy in the slightest bit.  In fact, David has found himself wondering if Amy really even cares if she sees him or not.  He thinks she cares more about the chase and the catch rather than the having and holding, so to speak.

***

I believe it was a Saturday afternoon when David summoned the courage to find his way to Amy's apartment to make the situation unmistakably clear.  David thought to himself:  I have to be blunt, there can be no misunderstanding.  Regardless of the hurt feelings, Amy must know where we stand so I can make a go of working things out with Jennifer.
As David stood in his kitchen, sipping from a Gatorade bottle, he was over processing and over dramatizing (at least he thought at the time) his upcoming discussion with Amy.  Leaning on the counter, David found himself staring off into to nowhere while his mind raced.  He let time tick by quicker than he would have liked.  He thought:  funny how time bears down on you when you have decisions to make; when you're bored and doing nothing it's as slow as molasses, but when you have things to do it rushes in and takes its toll.  Perhaps this is what the theory of relativity is really all about?  David wondered if Einstein ever thought about putting the human mind into the equation.  He decided to look that up later as he was letting himself get off on a tangent; he needed to focus on the task at hand.
David spun around quickly to the refrigerator and put the half full (he's a half full, rather than half empty kind of guy you know) bottle of Gatorade on the top shelf.  As he closed the refrigerator door he took a deep breath and moved quickly to the front door.  He felt just a little dizzy as he closed it behind him.
"Buck up buttercup", whispered David to himself, as he took deliberate steps towards Amy's apartment.  The distance seemed to extend with every closer step he took, and even became like a tunnel that was narrower at the end than where he was currently.  It was quite nerve racking for him.
With a loud (in fact overly loud) rap, rap, rap on Amy's apartment door, David realized there was no going back now.  He found himself looking at the ground and toeing at a pebble like he so often does when he's nervous.  Kicking himself, mentally that is, David tells himself he has to be more confident (at least in appearances) than that and stops the act physically; while still thinking the act mentally.  
After some time with no answer David decide to knock again.  Again rap, rap, rap; louder than he normally would, but still no answer.  He leaned a little closer to the door to see if he could hear anyone moving about inside ? he did not.
"Crap", said David under his breath.  He thought:  I got myself all built up for this and now she's not even home.  David wondered if he could muster up the chutzpah to bring himself back to Amy's door when she was home.  He had a feeling of serious doubt about that.  This feeling left him with a profound feeling of shame.  I should have more courage than this, thought David.
While his thoughts were of disappointment, his gut was relieved as he spun around from Amy's apartment door; realizing he wouldn't have to face the awkward situation after all.  David hadn't even taken a full step when he heard the door open behind him.
"Well David ? what a nice surprise," Amy seemed genuinely happy to see him.  This made David's stomach turn over and his throat seize up.  He would have been happier if she would have told him to get lost.  With her happy to see him attitude, there was no way (at least he couldn't quickly think of one) he was going to get out of being the bad guy.
As David turned around to face Amy he felt like his head would just keep spinning around, bounding back and forth like a bobble head doll.  David had an eerie feeling of déjà vu and then realized, at that moment better than any moment he could ever remember, just exactly why he loathed confrontation.
After some time of David standing there before Amy with a perplexed look on his face, Amy said:  "Well David ? don't just stand there on my door step looking like a lost orphan or something ? come on in".
As he took a full step into Amy's apartment he first thought about what Jennifer might think if she saw him going into to Amy's place.  He then thought how, while not very polite, much easier this would have been on him if he would have just called in the bad news.  He nearly laughed out loud when he thought he could have even written a "Dear Jane" letter.  But ? that wouldn't be easier on Amy so he knew he'd just have to bite the bullet and get this over with.
Amy stepped lively to the kitchen and leaned on the counter, bending strategically at the hip, accentuating her curves.
"You like a drink ? David?"  Amy had that come hither look and overemphasis on his name that she so often uses to allure.
"Umm well ? I ?," David thought he knew what he would say but couldn't seem to get his mind and his mouth to cooperate.  He found himself quite relieved when Amy interrupted him.
"Well I'm gonna have one and I'll make one for you too," she was, as normal, taking charge of the moment; controlling the interaction.
Amy moved slowly towards the refrigerator, holding her eye contact with David almost the entire time, even as she reached for the door handle.  She pulled out two beer bottles and located the magnetic church key (as she likes to call it) that was on the refrigerator door.
David thought, well a beer wouldn't hurt much.  He wasn't surprised at all though when she reached for the kitchen cabinet and pulled out her trusty whiskey bottle.  "Boilermakers just seem right today," said Amy with a grin.  David thought, quite judgmentally he felt, any day is probably a good day for Amy to have boilermakers.  He was a bit ashamed of his rude thoughts of Amy but decided not to harp on it ? as he needed to keep his focus on the task at hand.
Amy sat the beer bottles in front of David and said:  "Tell you what hon ? I'll poor and you open," as she handed him the bottle opener.  David complied as if following boot camp orders; acting without thought.
David couldn't help but notice that Amy's shot glasses were double sized.  He thought about how if he takes a double shot and then downs a beer it will be like going from zero to a hundred miles an hour.  He almost liked the thought of that as he hoped it would calm his nerves and keep his mind from wondering to all the negative possibilities of where the conversation was about to go.
Immediately after David and Amy took their shots and downed their beers (and Amy was surprised David drank his beer down as fast as her), David said:  "Amy I came over to let you know we're just going to have to be friends.  I've met someone and I'm ? well interested in her and I just want us to be friends."  David realized just how abrupt and blunt his statement was but let his quick buzz wash away his cares.
"Wow smooth talker ? you must have grown a new pair to get up the nerve to waltz over here and tell me that," Amy looked extremely angry and her tone was harsh.
"Well ? I ? I've ? I guess I've said my peace," replied David quickly but in a soft fragile voice, almost whispering.  His tone made him sound quite venerable, and he knew it.  David prepared himself for the worst.
"It's that Jennifer girl isn't it ? that tease of a hussy ? that little BITCH!"  Amy's question sounded more rhetorical so David, quickly thinking back to his rhetorical lesson from Frank, decided not to answer.  He just stood there with a look that said:  I think we're done here.
"You know what you gutless son of a bitch ? why don't you just get out of here.  I don't need to hear this crap from a little weasel like you.  Hit the road ? !"
Amy kept on spewing rude things laced with profanity as David stepped out of her front door.  When David heard the door slam hard he glanced back over his shoulder expecting to see empty space, instead he saw Amy striding quickly in the direction of Jennifer's apartment.
With a feeling of both humor and fear he thought:  this is going to be quite a sight.  He quickly decided not to hang around and see it though.  David closed the door of his apartment and took cover in his humble abode, so to speak.  He was surprised at how quickly Amy moved to end their conversation.  It wasn't easy, but at least it was quick.
Amy felt her anger build with each step she took towards Jennifer's apartment door.  She was nearly at a full run when she quickly stopped in front of the door and more pounded than knocked on the door.  When only a few seconds went by (though to Amy it felt like a long time) she pounded again, only this time much harder.
Inside Jennifer was startled.  Who in the world would be pounding on her door like that?  Only someone with an emergency ? she hoped there wasn't a fire or something as she moved quickly across her living room to the door.  As she turned the handle she thought she should have checked the peep hole first, but she was caught off guard by the whole situation.  Jennifer wasn't very excited about finding a red-faced Amy Helmer on her door step.  She immediately realized there was indeed a fire to be put out ? well of sorts anyways.
"I'll tell you what little Missy," Amy started in without so much as a hello.  "You move right on in and think you can just take over the place, huh"?
Jennifer figured this was as good a time as any to not answer a question ? so she remained silent.
"You're quite the piece of work girly."  Amy paused.  Jennifer was surprised at this pause.  It was almost as if Amy was thinking; contemplating the situation, rather than just continuing to rush headlong into a diatribe.  It was not to be though.
"Just remember something Jennifer," Amy had a soft tone now as she leaned in close to Jennifer.  In fact she was almost whispering as she invaded Jennifer's personal space.
"Just remember Jennifer ? paybacks are a bitch."  Amy then leaned back away from Jennifer, crossed her arms and said:  "He's all yours, I've gotten what I want from him anyways and it wasn't much to speak of really.  So good luck to you and your precious David, you can both go to hell."  With this Amy turned and left, leaving Jennifer standing in her doorway with a lost look on her face.
Jennifer wondered, as she closed her front door, if this threat was supposed to bother her.  As if she was going to sit around worrying about Amy's bitch of a payback that may or may not be coming down the pike.  Jennifer didn't think it was funny, but she did feel numb to Amy.  
"She has no power over my feelings, thoughts or actions ? not now ? not ever", said Jennifer aloud as she walked to the kitchen.  "No power over me what so ever."  Jennifer realized that's really what people like Amy Helmer were looking for ? power over others, especially negative power.  If you don't give it to them then they will eventually fade away as they find easier prey elsewhere.

***

At the same time Amy was making her angry way back to her apartment, David was sitting in his recliner thinking.  Thinking about Jennifer and what his next step should be at rekindling their little romance.  He wondered if "romance" was even the right word to use; he hoped it was.
David's hurt and wants to approach Jennifer but feels after she's decided not to run with him he shouldn't push her.  He doesn't want to alienate her or make her feel pressured.  His mind races back and forth between the importance of providing space to a young woman and the desire to pursue that is inherent in most young men.  David doesn't want to wait.  He doesn't want to sit around and see what happens.
"Patience"!  David tells himself as he bangs the foot rest down on his old recliner.  As he slowly walks towards the kitchen he thinks about how he will be buying a new recliner soon if he keeps banging around on that old worn out thing.  He wonders if the childish behavior of taking out anxiety on helpless living room furniture is something that will pass with time.  As he pulls open the refrigerator door and reaches for his half full bottle of Gatorade he says aloud:  "I guess I'll have to have the patience to see".  David laughs as he takes a big swig from the bottle.  This causes him to inhale a little of the liquid and cough violently; spraying Gatorade half way across the kitchen and down the front of his shirt.  When David catches his breath he has a hearty laugh at himself.  Reaching for the paper towels he just can't stop laughing.
Chapter 28

As hard as it was, and with several drafts of his wonderful pros/cons lists, David decided to be patient; to wait a while and see what happens.  He figured Jennifer might just need some space; therefore he would give it to her.  After all, if he really liked her as much as he thought he did, then the least he could do for her was give her time to think and the space she apparently needs.
David found this time excruciatingly painful.  I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then, he thought.  Letting his memory slide back to a simpler time in his life when he both had no patience and still retained the wonderful ignorance of its importance to life; David yearned for the carefree exuberance of rushing headlong into the world (or, specifically, after girls, he thought) without a care for pulling on the reins or the consequences of the cliff swiftly approaching.  It was a time he thought would last forever.  I suppose we all think that, but eventually have to grow up some time.  David just wished he could have grown up a little later.  Again, I suppose we all do.
Not to get off an a tangent here but ? well isn't it a funny human trait that we want to grow up so fast when we are young, but then want to go back to youth as soon as we grow older?
You ever notice how articulate and grown up a five year old can be?  The way they can talk and act, like a mini-adult.  They want so much to be seen as mature.  You even notice how some (I know not all) twenty-five year olds can be so immature?  They want to so much to be seen as mature, but at the same time want to behave like an adolescent.  I suppose we think we know it all in our twenties, but then find out we know nothing in our thirties.  What does that provide us after forty?  I can read about it in books, but something tells me living it is the only way to truly understand it.  Kind of like you have to lose to know how to win; or something.  Who really knows?
Also, some folks say that youth is wasted on the young.  I disagree; by the way so does Elizabeth.  I mean youth isn't all cupcakes and lollypops.  You just try going off to war at eighteen or nineteen years of age.  At least that's something that gets better with age.  Most forty plus folks aren't asked to risk life and limb fighting for their country.  Although I suppose many would, after all it's certainly worth fighting for.  But ? we send the youth ? just something to think about.  Anyways where was I?  Oh yah ?
David's being patient.  That is at least outwardly.  The whole situation is really tearing him up inside.  I'm not talking about the crying, worrying kind of tearing up; just that annoying nagging that happens when you're waiting around for something important.  You ever have to go to the bathroom real ? real bad and get stuck in traffic?  That's the kind of annoying feeling I'm talkin' 'bout.  You know what I mean don't ya?  
Anywho, David's at least doing the right thing in his mind.  He's sacrificing his immediate happiness for an opportunity for greater happiness down the road.  Now that's a pretty mature stance to take towards life.  And ? more importantly, he's sacrificing his immediate happiness to allow the young lady he seeks to have the time and space she needs to find her happiness.  Two gold stars for David!

***

Often times a young man will find out that patience pays off.  This would be one of those times for David.  After several agonizing days of waiting, wondering, worrying, along with a healthy dose of pacing and obsessing; David was pleasantly surprised to find that Jennifer approached him.
If I remember correctly it was a ? well ? no, no I can't quite remember what day of the week it was, but anyways ? I'm pretty sure it was late afternoon when Jennifer made her way to her telephone.  She called ahead, always being the one with perfect social etiquette she decided not to just drop in on David, but rather to call first and see if he had the time to converse with her.
"Hello," David answered on the second ring.
"Hi David, its Jennifer Holmes," David wondered if she really thought he wouldn't recognize her without the inclusion of the last name.  "How are you today?"  Jennifer had a polite tone to her voice that immediately set David at ease about where the conversation may be heading.
"Oh, I'm just fine; how're you doin' Jennifer?"  Caught off guard really, by the telephone call, David didn't have the time to be nervous with the first pleasantries of conversation but now he felt some butterflies rummaging around in his stomach.
"I'm well," replied Jennifer with a cheery tone.
"That's good ? that's real good," said David wondering what to say next.  He was happy when Jennifer took the lead.  After all, he thought, it was her phone call.
"Well David, I was just wondering if you weren't too busy; if you might have a few minutes to talk with me today?  I mean other than here on the phone ? in ? in person I mean?"  Jennifer sounded a little nervous with a stammer in her voice.  This nervousness put David at ease.  I suppose sometimes when someone shows a bit of venerability it can be endearing and relaxing to others; especially if they are as nervous as David was at this point.
"Oh I'm not too busy."  In fact David wasn't busy at all; not busy at anything but thinking about Jennifer.  "Would you like for me to swing by your apartment, or you can come over here if you like?"
"If it's quite alright I'll just make my way over to your apartment, say in about thirty minutes."
"Sure that'll be fine Jennifer; I look forward to chatting with ya."  David wondered if the "look forward to chatting with ya" was laying it on a bit thick.  He didn't want to seem overly anxious.
Just then David felt his throat tighten as he realized that simply because Jennifer had a polite tone of voice didn't mean she would be delivering good news to his apartment.  He couldn't help but get his hopes up, but he knew the consequences of doing so could be painful.  He took the leap anyway.
They politely ended the phone conversation and David began watching the clock.  
To say David sweated out the thirty minutes would be a gross understatement.  He felt his old friend impatience coming back around for a visit.  He tried to fill his time with picking up his apartment, but that didn't take too long as he almost always kept a neat place.  In fact, other than his lack of love for a dust rag, David was quite the little home maker.  It's something he likes ? coming home to a nice neat apartment.  He even makes sure every dish is clean and in the dishwasher after each use.  He'll have none of those dish piles in the sink ya know.
Once he tidied up things around the apartment, he thought it best to do some tidying up of himself.  David found himself staring into the bathroom mirror wondering what he should do.  He was well shaven, clean and such.  He gave a quick whiff to his shirt sleeve and figured he was good to go there.  He puffed a breath into his hand and decided, even though he seemed fine, to go ahead and brush his teeth.  David then, for no real reason, brushed his hair several times leaving it looking exactly the way it did before he entered the lavatory.
Next David was on to the bedroom to see if he should change into some different clothes.  After several minutes of staring into his closet he decided to simply wear what he had on.  After all, while he really liked Jennifer, if she couldn't stand his t-shirt and jeans style the deal was off!  He laughed thinking this as he walked back into the kitchen to get a drink of water before Jennifer arrived.
If what David was doing could be considered fidgeting his way through the half hour, then Jennifer was clearly following suit.  She found herself wishing she had said I'll be right over.  But ? she didn't want to seem too pushy and she did feel a true need to get ready for her discussion with David, both in appearance and especially in mind.
Beginning with appearance, and hoping this would settle her mind, Jennifer found her way to the bathroom to apply some make-up; not too much just a touch up really, more to pass the time than anything.  Like David, Jennifer chose to tend to her hair methodically, while leaving it exactly as it looked before she began.
Unlike David, Jennifer did decide to change clothes.  She chose some of her best jeans, not just in material but in the way they fit her body.  She laughed as she turned around to see her bottom in the mirror and said out loud "we all use what we have I suppose".  A maroon blouse and a pair of white running shoes completed her laid back ensemble.
Jennifer wondered if David was as nervous as she was at this point.  She figured probably, but couldn't bring herself to be sure; thinking that would be too presumptuous.
She made her way to the refrigerator and grabbed a small sliver of ice out of an ice tray.  Sucking on this as she stepped towards the front door, Jennifer felt good about her chances with David.  She was prepared for disappointment, at least on the surface, but hoped for the best.  The walk over to David's door was shorter than she anticipated.
With a firm knock on David's door, Jennifer took a deep breath and held it until she heard the door handle turn.
"Hi Jennifer, good to see you," David said with a polite, and surprisingly relaxed smile.
"You too David, thanks for having me over," Jennifer felt her face blush a bit and hoped her recently reapplied makeup would cover up this little embarrassment.  It did somewhat, but David still noticed and found it sweet.
"Come on in and have a seat."
"Thanks," replied Jennifer as she stepped through the doorway.
"Would you care for something to drink?"
Jennifer really didn't want anything to drink as she has often found herself in search of a bathroom when she's nervous, and she was sure that adding fuel to an already twitchy bladder wouldn't make her less nervous.  However, always one to put social etiquette first, she was obliged to say "yes, thank you".
"Let's see I have tea, Coke, Gatorade, water ? let me see what else," David started to make his way over to the refrigerator.
"Oh water will be fine David," Jennifer said with a sincere tone.
"You sure, I don't mind finding something else," replied David with a grin.
"Oh no, water's fine ? just something to wet my whistle."  Jennifer was thinking how she would simply sip rather than drink the water as she already felt ? well topped off.
"Water it is," said David with a poor rendition of a Scottish accent.  He giggled after this attempt at humor; as did Jennifer.
Once David had filled two glasses with ice and water he made his way back into the living room and offered Jennifer a seat on his small couch.  While he felt it was a bit forward to plop down right next to her, on what wasn't but easily could have been termed a love seat, David did it anyways.
As David sat next to Jennifer holding his drink, he could smell her slight hint of perfume.  He though it might just be some of that good smellin' body lotion girls wear these days ? it's a bit too subtle to be perfume.  Anyway, he was intrigued.
Jennifer didn't feel uncomfortable at all in regards to David's noticeable proximity to her.  In fact she was glad he sat down next to her.  The closeness was appropriate for what she wanted to talk about.
After a few moments of awkward silence David said:  "S-so ? you come here often?"
Jennifer laughed just a little and David blushed, leading Jennifer to laugh stronger and David to blush even harder.  When Jennifer reached out and touched David's hand he felt more relaxed though.
"David, you surely do know how to lighten the mood," said Jennifer with a nice smile.  She took a sip from her glass and sat it on the coffee table.
"Soooo ? you wanted to chat with me about something?"  David had a look of innocence on his face, but Jennifer could tell he already had a pretty good idea about what she wanted to talk to him about.  Surely her mannerisms were easy enough to read.
Quite out of the ordinary for Jennifer, being that she's usually focused on social graces, she decided not to beat around the bush.  "Well David, I guess I'll just cut right to the chase.  You've probably noticed I've been keeping my distance lately".
"Yes," David replied affirmatively, realizing it was time to be attentive and serious.
"Well that all started with me seeing you and Amy kissing by the pool.  It left me pretty flustered as I thought we hard a spark started.  Then I see you kissing Amy and ....
David decided to interrupt as politely as possible.  "Well that was an odd situation where she kissed me and ?"
Jennifer's turn to interrupt:  "It sure looked like the kiss was mutual," she said with a tired tone of voice.
"Well, I have to be honest with you, here's how it went:  She surprised me with an aggressive smooch and well I didn't fight her off at all, and I should have.  I thought we had something starting as well and I kick myself for letting that situation with Amy get out of hand."  David felt he just provided a lame excuse, but it being the truth, he also felt it was the way to fly.
"I appreciate your honesty David ? so are you saying there's nothing else between you and Amy, now or then ? I mean did you guys go further than that kiss?"  Jennifer felt like she was being a bit too pushy, but just couldn't help herself.
"Well Jennifer, before you arrived at The Villa, Amy and I went out a couple of times but I didn't think we made much of a connection. Once you moved in and we started running together and such, it seemed Amy took an interest in me ? at least on that one particular day.  So no, there's nothing between Amy and I, now or that day you saw us by the pool."  David realized he left out that he had actually slept with Amy, but that was before he met Jennifer, in fact before she even moved into The Villa so he figured it was best left out.  He had the feeling that his past, that is before he even met Jennifer, was not important to their future.  Right or wrong that was his decision.  Men, as well as women, certainly keep their secrets.
"Ok," replied Jennifer seemingly relieved to hear the good news.
At this point in the conversation there was a pause as they both took drinks from their water glasses and resettled themselves on the couch.  Jennifer felt things were going well and David hoped he'd set her mind at ease.
"So you won't be kissing Amy Helmer, or letting her kiss you anymore."  Though a question, Jennifer posed this as more of a statement.
"No," replied David simply and sincerely.
"Good," said Jennifer with a smile.  "I'm not trying to tell you what you can and can't do, but I've just been thinking a lot about our possibilities lately and was hoping we could work on that spark again."
At this point David felt really good, both about rekindling the romance with Jennifer as well as how well his decision to hold to the patient way, of giving Jennifer her space, has worked out.
"I'd really like that," replied David with a smile.
They provided each other with long eye contact, and after several seconds David thought:  oh what the hell?  He moved in and kissed Jennifer.  It was a nice kiss, not too aggressive.  It was the kind of kiss you would have with someone you were serious about, someone you wanted to spend time with, someone you respected and would be working to build a trusting relationship with.  It was what both David and Jennifer were really looking for.
After talking for several hours Jennifer made her way back to her apartment on a big white puffy cloud.  David didn't let the grin fall from his face for several days.

***

With the closeness between Jennifer and David growing, they began running together again.  Early mornings watching the sunrise together as they made there way around the streets of Owensboro; it was invigorating to them both.
David often spoke about everyday things; the little things.  Jennifer enjoyed this and she held up her end of the conversation as well.  They both thought about how rare it must be in this busy, hustle and bustle, world to find someone with a similar interest such as running as well as similar conversational interests as well.  To find someone that attracted you in body and mind was a blessing.  David and Jennifer took things as slow as they could, but could not deny the attraction and the closeness that quickly came upon them.  Why would they want to?
Yes, romance was in the air; thick in the air.  Often, seeing David and Jennifer come and go together reminded me of the courting period of Elizabeth and my relationship.  The curiosity, the attraction, the new, the feelings, the quality time spent together, the hope for the future.  It was very enjoyable for me to watch.  In fact, it made me feel closer to Elizabeth.  Seeing others partake a similar path as my wife and I, made me feel good about my life decisions; especially good about my life with Elizabeth and our future together.  It was just a nice time at The Villa.

***

As time went by Jennifer and David began spending more and more time together.  Be it quiet dinners at their apartments, quaint dinners at local restaurants, long walks (and of course runs), picture shows and such; they were becoming more of a couple every day.  In fact, more like one than two.  It started getting to where you didn't often see one without the other.
It was after a considerable courting period that David and Jennifer decided to take their relationship to the next level.  While some folks frown on premaritals, we live in the real world and most people don't wait for marriage; now maybe they should, but they often don't.
While unspoken, the decision was mutual.  After all, David and Jennifer had spent so much time together that they could read each other very well without the spoken word.  A planned dinner that Saturday night was all they needed to know.
Jennifer was surprised how calm she was.  It just felt right; the timing, the situation, the place, and especially David.
David was a little nervous, but his overruling emotion was lust.  He felt somewhat bad about that, but he was extremely attracted to Jennifer.  He found her physically perfect.  He loved her jet black hair and her runner's body.  Couple all that with a sharp mind and similar interests to his, and he was truly in love.  Love first and lust second he told himself, but then did it really matter?  David's hormones were that of a young man, and ruled his thoughts more often than he would like to admit.
When David arrived at Jennifer's apartment he wasn't too surprised to see a candle light dinner awaiting him.  Jennifer had several of his favorite vanilla aroma candles burning on the table, but he also noticed a warm glow of candles coming from the bedroom.  This was a pretty good sign that they would be moving there after dinner.  David had gotten to know Jennifer enough by now to read her subtle hints well.  She's the queen of polite social etiquette.  Rather than saying "well now that we're done eating dinner why don't we hit the sack", Jennifer would leave a hint of invitation and then draw you in the direction of her way.  David appreciates this trait that seems to mark all things Jennifer does.  Where he is course and forward, she is subtle and inviting.  Together, thought David, we are the Dynamic Duo!
The dinner was wonderful.  Lasagna, steamed vegetables and just the right amount of red wine.  David particularly liked the lasagna, it had a light fluffy taste to it; seemingly more air than cheese.  He thought, perhaps Jennifer found a way to make lasagna healthy.
After dinner, without word one, Jennifer and David locked eyes and stood up from the dinner table.  Leaving the dishes right there, which was not the norm for either of them, usually opting to clean the dishes immediately after a meal; they made their way into the candle lit bedroom.  David had seen the room before, during a quick tour of her apartment Jennifer provided him early on in the courtship.  But ? somehow this evening the room looked completely different to him.  Perhaps it was the candle lighting, the vanilla aroma or the feelings he had for Jennifer, but it just seemed to be better; the most perfect place.
As Jennifer and David slowly removed each others clothes, while kissing passionately, they both found themselves short of breath.  As they lay down, naked, on the bed together exploring each other in ways they hoped they would do again many times in the future; there was no place on earth either of them would have rather been.
Chapter 29

One day, on the way home from work, Jennifer passed Miss Donna as she crossed The Villa's courtyard.  Miss Donna was sitting in one of the bookend gazebos reading.
"Well Hi Miss Donna, how're you today?"  Jennifer came to a complete stop outside the gazebo, intending to stay for a while.
"I'm fine Jennifer, how was your day hon?"  Miss Donna had an inviting tone and immediately closed her book and set it aside.  "If you have the time, why don't you come on in and sit for a while ? chat a bit."
Jennifer couldn't help but oblige, especially since she'd been wanting to talk to Miss Donna for a while now ? you know pick her brain and such.
"Thank you Miss Donna, I will," Jennifer entered the gazebo at a leisurely pace and plopped right down beside Miss Donna with a smile.  "So what're ya reading today," Jennifer glanced down at Miss Donna's book.
"Oh just a book of various poetry I picked up at the library a few days ago; I do likes my poetry," Miss Donna said with a girlish giggle.
"Now Miss Donna, you mean you came to the library and didn't even stop by to see me.  Shame on you," Jennifer tapped the back of Miss Donna's hand and then laughed.  "Now please, you stop by and see me the very next time you come in and each time after that ok."
"I sure will hon ? I sure will," replied Miss Donna recognizing Jennifer's invitation to visit more often and be more than just passer by friends.  She liked that idea.
"Great," said Jennifer with a smile as she glanced away from Miss Donna to take in the beauty of the courtyard.
"So how was your day today Jennifer?"
"Oh fine, just another fine day for me." Miss Donna thought Jennifer seemed extra chipper this day.
"You sure do seem like life's being good to you these days."  Miss Donna was offering an opening for Jennifer to tell her what was making her so happy, although she had a pretty good feeling about what it was already.
"Oh Miss Donna let me tell you; David and I have really hit it off and it's been ? well it's been ? well, beyond words."  Jennifer even surprised herself with the amount of emotion she put into her voice.
"Well hon, I'm glad to hear that ? you know I think you and David are a great couple.  Sometimes you just sense these things.  When I first met you, of course I'd already met David, I thought to myself now there's a couple.  No really, it was one of the first things I noticed for some reason; that is, just how much I figured you and David would do well together.  It's nice to see my senses ringing true."  Miss Donna actually felt it was inevitable from the day Jennifer moved in that David and her would become a couple.  She figured there were just too many good reasons for them not to.  It went beyond similar interests and such, in Miss Donna's mind there seemed to be a real spiritual connection between Jennifer and David; something that cannot and will not be ignored.
"It sure is going well Miss Donna," Jennifer leaned over toward Miss Donna exuding energy that could only be described as pure joy.  "I mean I want to keep my bearings about me, you know not rush things, but I have the distinct feeling I've found that special guy.  Oh listen to how corny I sound!"  Jennifer blushed a little.
"Oh Jennifer, you don't sound corny.  You sound like you're in love, and that's a good thing.  "I think, well from my experience anyway, when you find love and that much joy you should let it flow.  Don't worry too much about how it looks or how fast it moves ? ya just take that leap of faith and let your heart soar."  Miss Donna had put a hand on Jennifer's shoulder.  "I know there's some risk of getting hurt, but if there is a risk to take in life ? well love is the one to take.  You just let yourself be happy hon, I don't think David will let ya down."  Miss Donna had a look of sincerity that calmed Jennifer.
"I don't think he'll let me down either Miss Donna, he's a pretty good guy," Jennifer couldn't help but hug Miss Donna.  She didn't really know her all that well even, but she felt a connection.
After a little more chit chat Jennifer made her way back to her apartment feeling glad she took the time to stop and see Miss Donna in the gazebo.  
Miss Donna watched Jennifer enter her apartment and remembered her youth, and love, and simpler times.  She glanced over at Frank's front door for a moment then gathered up her things and slowly shuffled back to her apartment.  She had positive feeling about her conversation with Jennifer, and a bit of a lonely feeling as she wondered what Frank was doing this day.

***

Not long after Jennifer talked with Miss Donna, and completely unaware, David decided to do the same.  His approach was, as usual, less subtle than Jennifer's.  Rather than simply waiting until he bumped into Miss Donna, David decided to stop by her apartment for a visit.
As Miss Donna opened her front door with a smile, David was thinking about what to say.  As he walked to the kitchen with Miss Donna, as well as Cosmo and Dash in toe as usual, he was at least able to define his goal.  
I want to know what she would do if she were me, thought David.  Well that's not going to work now is it?  She's a gal ? kind of hard to make that "if you were me" comparison.  After much mental deliberation, David decided on some simple advice from Miss Donna.  What would you do if ? how fast should I move, I'm sure things are going well ? am I right?  Is Jennifer the ? the one?  And so on and so on.
"Would you like something to drink David?"  Miss Donna was already heading for the stove as David took a chair at the table.
"Sure what ever you're having will be fine ? thanks Miss Donna."
"Well great, I'm having hot cocoa; I think you'll like it," Miss Donna had a particularly perky tone to her voice.  She was pretty sure why David had come by to visit today, and it made her happy.
"Hot cocoa sounds great!"  David hadn't indulged in such things recently.  He wondered if she would put marsh mellows in the cocoa.  He thought if she does I'll feel just like a kid again.
"Here you go David," Miss Donna placed the mug in front of David as she took her seat at the table.  Dash lay at her feet while Cosmo did those famous figure eights about the table legs.
David closed his eyes for a moment then looked down, smiling.  Indeed Miss Donna did include marsh mellows.  It was a perfect day!
"So how've you been David?"  Miss Donna wanted to get the ball rolling, she was eager to hear where David stood on the Jennifer thing.  She knew completely of Jennifer's interest and thought she knew David's as well.  However, she thought it best to get the skinny directly from the horse's mouth ? David being the horse of course.
"Oh I've been fine, doing a lot of running and spending a lot of time with Jennifer Holmes ? you remember her right?"
Miss Donna wasn't at all surprised that David cut right to the chase.  She could tell David was eager to talk about Jennifer.  She also found it funny that David would think she would forget about Jennifer.  "Yes I remember Jennifer; she's a very nice girl.  I'm glad to hear you're spending time in good company."  Miss Donna took a sip from her cocoa.
As if copying Miss Donna, David took a sip from his cocoa as well.  "Well I'll tell you Miss Donna, she's got me all in a fluster.  I mean in a good way and all, but she's sure walking around in my mind a lot and even my dreams.  You could say I've got the puppy loves somethin' fierce."  David giggled as he reached down to pet Cosmo.
"Well now that's something to be happy about isn't it," Miss Donna held her cocoa mug with both hands, letting the heat warm her palms, as she smiled ? beamed really.
"It sure is Miss Donna ? it sure is ? only ?"
After several seconds of silence Miss Donna reckoned David wanted her to say something that would free his mind.  "Only you're wondering ? well how not to mess things up."  Miss Donna had a soft tone to her voice.
"Exactly ? I guess I'm less worried about cold feet and more worried about screwing things up.  I have a tendency to do that with the opposite sex ya know."  David was being a bit hard on himself, but didn't feel it was uncalled for.
"David, something tells me you're doing just fine.  You just be yourself and follow your heart.  The best piece of advice I can give when it comes to relationships is:  Be yourself and try not to sweat the small stuff."  Miss Donna thought this simple advice was easier said than followed as she had a quick thought about Frank.
"I'll try to do that ? you think Jennifer and I have a real shot?"  David was truly interested in her opinion, she could tell.
"Yes I do ? I really do David."  Miss Donna's sincerity eased David's mind and let them move on to other conversation topics.
Mostly just chit chat or talking small, David and Miss Donna spent the better part of the next hour enjoying each other's company.  Dash and Cosmo lay at their feet listening, the way pets do, as Miss Donna and David laughed and carried on.  It was a fine day.
As David said his goodbyes and Miss Donna closed her front door, both of them knew that days like this are what make up the spice of life.  Good company, good jaw flappin' and good cocoa ? what more could anyone wish for?


***

As the days moved along and Jennifer and David continued to spend time together they only became closer and closer.  As the early morning runs went by and turned into weeks, and weeks turned into months, it was obvious to both of them that they had found something special.
I think it was only about four or five months when they both realized they'd found "the one".  The one they were looking for.  The one they each felt held similar beliefs and life philosophies, core personal values, desires, interests, and so on.  And ? most important, the one both David and Jennifer could see spending the rest of their lives with.
Now I suppose some folks might think four or five months is not enough time to make such a decision, but hey ? my Grandparents met and were married in only three weeks.  Their marriage lasted over thirty-three years, when my Grandfather passed away.  So, who's to say what the right amount of time is to take the leap.  By the way, I also hear of people who date, and even live together, for numerous years before getting married and it still ends up not working out.  My best guess is that there is no specific formula (or timeline) for making the right decision when it comes to love; you just have to roll the dice and follow your heart.  It worked for Elizabeth and I, and something tells me it will work for Jennifer and David as well.
Anyways, I'm kind of getting ahead of myself here, because Jennifer and David didn't get married right away, but they did begin thinking about it in a serious way.
As Jennifer began to feel more comfortable and familiar with David she felt her life take on a new meaning; one of building a home, a family, a ? well a life.  She thought a lot about how David would be as a husband, and especially how he would be as a father.  She particularly paid attention to how he treated others; like when they were eating out she would watch how he treated the waiter or waitress.  
Jennifer believes you can tell a lot about a person by the way they treat strangers.  That if a person treats someone he doesn't know, and probably has no real stake in ensuring he builds a positive relationship with, well then you can tell he will treat you and others he cares about well.  I think Jennifer has a good point there.  Have you ever known a person that treated their boss great but treated the janitor like ? well like garbage?  Usually that behavior catches up with a person and the guy or gal that does that gets labeled as a manipulative jerk.  At least that's what I think anyways.
Where was I now ? oh ya; Jennifer was beginning to feel very comfortable with David.  You could definitely say love was in the air, in fact they'd both agreed on that; telling each other "I love you" often.  It was pretty sweet really.
From David's standpoint things were definitely headed in the right direction.  I really think David didn't know he was so lonely until he found Jennifer.  That is to say, he thought his life was pretty darn good before, but now he couldn't imagine thinking of his future without Jennifer.  He knows the risk of such feelings but has taken the leap of faith to let himself truly believe things will work out for the best.
Not rushing anything, David is trying to live in the moment.  He figures if he is going to spend the rest of his life with Jennifer then there is no reason to rush through that life.  So ? he tries to take in all the sights, and stop and smell the roses.
Not one to let his work life interfere with his personal life, David has found his work life even more enjoyable now that his personal life is taking such a good path.  In his mind work is ? well just work; but actually now work has a new meaning.  Work's a means to provide for, support and improve his life with Jennifer.  This mindset makes work have greater meaning to David, while still not overshadowing or interfering with his personal life.  This newfound work philosophy makes David feel very good.  You could say he is content.
With the time David and Jennifer were spending together they could clearly be defined as a couple.  They were rarely apart and this made it only natural for there discussions about their lives to escalate to the "M" word.  I believe the conversation went something like this:
"Soooo ?." David had a humorous tone out of the blue as they strolled along, holding hands, a country road not far from The Villa.
"Soooo ?" Jennifer replied as an invitation.  She had gotten very accustomed to recognizing when David had something on his mind.  He usually led in with ? well with "Soooo".
Not in the mood to beat around the bush, or maybe David just wasn't thinking straight.  Either way he simply blurted out:  "We should get married don't ya think?"  With as much time as they'd been spending together and how their relationship was so open and such, it just didn't seem right to him to do the whole get down on one knee surprise thing.  Hell ? he hadn't even bought a ring yet.  That said he wasn't nervous at all.  No in fact, David was sure she would say ?
"Yep," Jennifer replied almost matter-of-factly, as if it was a forgone conclusion already decided by fate.  To speak the words was just a formality.  It was kind of like kicking a field goal at the end of football game where you are already ahead by forty points.  There was no doubt of the win, so it's ? its just gravy.
Now if you were walking along and watching Jennifer and David you might have found the whole conversation and marriage (I guess you'd call it a proposal?) discussion anticlimactic.  I suppose most folks, especially girls, have a fairytale moment in mind that far exceeds what Jennifer and David had; and probably far exceeds anything anyone ever achieves in real life.  However, if you were just watching them you wouldn't get the full picture.  They were really just playing cool as a joke.  They both got the joke, it was kind of romantic to act like the discussion was of low meaning, as if they had already read each others thoughts and knew where they were headed.  In fact, they indeed already knew what the other was thinking; they'd come to know each other that well.  What one couldn't see from a cursory viewing of their conversation was the joy they felt inside.  They were both ecstatic.  They were both sure of their futures together and couldn't think of a better time in their lives.  It was a special moment for them and it made sense to them.  That's all that mattered.
Without anymore discussion at all, David and Jennifer (or should I say Jennifer really) moved directly into the planning stages of wedding.  David was busy doing his groom's duty of rubber stamping all of the bride-to-be's ideas with a smile and a smooch.  That is to say David simply left it all to Jennifer.  What she wanted she would have as far as he was concerned.  After all, it was her father that was going to be paying for the whole shindig, so it only made sense that Jennifer would have it her way.
They went on several jewelry store trips to look at rings, but didn't rush into buying anything just yet.  David was grateful for this as he felt he had some saving to do before such a purchase.  Jennifer seemed to enjoy the browsing and hope for finding the perfect ring.  David enjoyed just tagging along really; trying to stay out of the way and agreeing with Jennifer's thoughts about each and every ring.
Now don't get me wrong, David wasn't shining Jennifer on about the wedding process or the ring.  He just wanted Jennifer to be happy and didn't really care much about the other stuff.  He realized the wedding day is important to most gals, and he could tell Jennifer was one of those gals.  He found the whole wedding/ring thing a little peculiar, but then thought:  well you can say the wedding day is for her and the wedding night is for me ? ha ha!  David supposed that evened things out a bit; although he wouldn't dare blurt those thoughts out loud.
Chapter 30

All the good things going on in David's life left him constantly thinking good thoughts, and good thoughts led to great feelings.
As David was strolling through the courtyard one day he found himself looking over towards Frank's apartment; actually staring right at his front door.  He stopped for a long moment and thought about how good things were going for him and how lonely Frank must truly be.  Frank would never lead on that he was lonely, thought David, but he must be none the less.  I mean even people that like their privacy, or their "alone time", have to have some human contact.  I'm not sure Frank's patrols of The Villa, along with his diatribes about parking spaces to anyone who will listen, really counts as human contact.  No, pondered David, Frank needs someone.  Someone like ? well like Miss Donna; maybe she'd straighten him out a bit.  David laughed at this thought.
David found himself staring at the ground now toeing a pebble as he does.  With a feeling of shame (for some reason he felt that too much good luck might be coming his way, he needs to spread some of that luck on to Frank) David slowly made his way back to his apartment with his shoulders hunkered down and his hands in his pockets.
When David reached his front door an idea struck him.  I'll just go by and see Frank, you know talk "Mano a Mano" to him; tell him what I think.  He probably won't appreciate me butting into his private business, but ? well I think it's the right thing to do so I'll just throw caution to the wind.  Maybe in the end he'll appreciate my boldness, or more likely it will at least get him thinking; after all Frank is a thinking man.
David felt he was on a positive mission, so he didn't even bother going into his apartment.  He just spun around on his door step and headed right for Franks.
David didn't doubt what he was doing until right after he gave a firm knock to Frank's front door.  Waiting for Frank to answer the door David felt his palms get moist and his throat go dry.  Maybe he was too hasty in his decision to take this project on?
"Can I help you," said Frank in a condescending tone as he whipped the door open quickly, almost violently, David thought.
"Hi Frank!  How's your day?"  David tried to put on a confident polite face.  He thought about how Jennifer would handle such a situation, and then tried to mirror her social graces.
"Oh I'm just peachy David, and how the hell are you?"  Again Frank stuck with his over the top tone.
"I'm real good ? real good Frank," David began toeing the ground, failing to provide eye contact to Frank, which only angered him.
"Well damn son, I can tell you've got something on that little mind of yours and I'm not gonna get you off my doorstep until you spill it, so get yourself in here and make it snappy," Frank stepped to the side, opening the doorway for David, while doing one of those little bowing sarcastic arm gestures that says:  "come on in your Highness".  It was quite a funny gesture to see from a full grown man.
David moved quickly through Frank's doorway, thinking that if he didn't he might get a slap on the back of the head with an admonishment for lollygagging.  Then again, thought David, that old Frank's more bark than bite, I can tell.
Once inside, and beyond arm reach of Frank, David stopped and waited for Frank to close the front door and provide instructions of where this little conversation would occur.  David wondered if these instructions would include a syllabus and dates for the mid-terms and final exams.  He kind of smiled with this thought, but wiped his face clean before Frank turned around to face him.  No need in antagonizing the guy, thought David.
"Well don't just stand there with that dopey look on your face son, get on into the kitchen table and have a seat," Frank's tone of voice hand changed a bit, he sounded more like he was cracking a joke now.  David turned quickly and made his way into the kitchen.  Frank smiled but David didn't see him.
David took a seat in the spot that looked least likely to be Frank's normal sitting place, the chair with its back to the kitchen window.  He didn't figure Frank normally sat at the table eating his meals while staring at the refrigerator.  David was correct; he sat directly across from Frank's normal seat.  This saved him from a tongue lashing for invading Frank's precious space.
David produced a nervous little cough as he settled himself in his chair.  Frank didn't sit down immediately, deciding instead to make his way to the coffee pot.
"Would you like something to drink David?"  David was taken off guard by how polite Frank sounded.  He didn't expect to be offered a beverage, let alone to be offered a drink in such a nice, polite way.
"Ur uh," David stammered.
"Well boy do ya or don't ya?"  Frank isn't one to give folks a lot of time to think; guess he's so smart he doesn't need much time to make up his mind.  That's a bit of a quirk in his personality, along with a lot of others; he thinks everyone should be as quick as him.
"Uh ya ? yes I'd take some ice water."
"Ice water ? ice water ?coffee not good enough for ya?"  Frank was obviously joking, but David didn't catch on.
"Well, I just ? umm ?" David felt his throat tighten up.
"I'm just yanking your chain David ? ice water it is ? comin' right up."  Frank laughed, and shook his head, as he pulled the glass out of the cupboard.  David just smiled as his faced turned just slightly red then faded quickly.  He was glad Frank was showing a sense of humor, but he was struggling with what was supposed to be funny and what was not.  Frank's sure got a "dry" sense of humor, David thought.
"Here you go," Frank said as he handed David his glass of ice water.  David immediately took a sip to loosen up his tense throat.
Frank sat down slowly into his chair and placed his coffee mug in front of him while providing David with steady eye contact that reminded him of his second grade teacher, Mrs. Greenwood.  She was a scary lady to a child. Standing six feet tall in heels and always wearing the same types of dresses, most of which were, oddly, one shade of green or another.  You could say she was overbearing both in appearance and demeanor.
"So David, what do I owe this visit to ? what's on your mind that made you march right on over and knock on my door without calling ahead first?"  David found this funny, thinking:  wow I bet he's soooo busy.  Does he really think I don't know he has nothing much going on?
"Well I just wanted to stop by and see how you were doin', maybe chat with you a while."  David wondered if Frank could see through this façade; that he really came over to push him in a direction, possibly toward Mrs. Donna.
"Is that right David ? that's why you came on over huh ? to, as you say, chat a while.  'Cause you know how I love talking small.  You don't quite know what a rhetorical question is but can you sense sarcasm David?"  Frank was smiling and David could tell, this time, that he was only joking.
"Yes, somehow I sense it," David laughed a little and Frank followed, easing the mood.
"So what's really on your mind David, let's cut through the bullshit.  We're just too guys drinking our coffee, and ? ice water, chattin' it up.  So what's the scoop?"  Frank wasn't being pushy really; he just didn't want to waste time beating around the bush.  David appreciated that as he's better at coming right to the point anyway.
"Well Frank," David's voice took on a more relaxed tone now.  "I suppose I just felt like talking about how things are going; I mean in regards to Jennifer Holmes and I.  Are you aware we've been seeing each other?"
"Yes I'm aware, there's really nothing that goes on in The Villa that everyone doesn't know about.  With all these busybodies 'round here ya know, news travels fast.  I probably knew you were seeing Jennifer before you did."  Frank laughed loudly.  
David wondered if Frank included himself on that list of busybodies he'd made.
"Well anyways, it's been a pretty happy time for me and I just felt like spreading the joy."  David wondered if Frank would make light of what could have been seen as a fairly corny comment.  He didn't.
"Good for you David," Frank said with a smile and a sip of coffee.  I mean hell son, when you were going about with that Amy Helmer I thought maybe your brains had fallen below your belt line.  She's just trouble.  But ? I hear Jennifer Holmes is a lady."  Frank's tone of voice was one of providing necessary approval.
"She is a lady ? that's a good way to describe her.  She makes me pretty happy, and I think I do the same for her.  I hope so."
"Well good luck figuring out women David," said Frank as he reached across the table and slapped David on the shoulder.  David thought wow!  What male bonding we have here.
"That's for sure," replied David.  He realized he was feeding in a bit to a little female negativity, but he had to wholeheartedly agree that women were complex and tough to figure out.
With belly laughs, sips from coffee and ice water, along with a long silent moment David began to relax.  He resituated himself in his chair and looked around Frank's kitchen.  It was a little sparse, thought David; needs a women's touch.
"You know Frank, I think we're gonna be gettin' married."  David said this while still glancing about the kitchen.
"Is that right?"
"Yup."
"What makes you think that ? have you popped the question yet?"  Frank didn't sound pessimistic really.  He sounded quite interested.
"Well not in so many words ? we've talked about it."
"I see, you've ? 'talked about it' huh?"  Frank had some sarcasm in his voice now.
"Yah we've talked about it ? and while, I suppose, that takes away some of the romance of a surprise proposal, I still think she'll be happy when I do.  I mean our discussions have been pretty darn positive and she's started all that wedding planning stuff.  I'm saving for a ring ya know."  David sounded excited.
"Well David, sounds like you've got something good on your horizon.  All you can hope for is to be happy ? and you sure seem it."  Frank smiled and sipped from his mug.
"I sure am Frank ? I sure am".  David watched Frank as he looked over his shoulder out the window and began to speak.
"I was happy once."  Frank paused for a long moment.  
"Don't get me wrong, I'm OK enough with my life, not depressed or anything like that, but there was a time when I was genuinely happy.  Wendy.  When Wendy, my late wife ya know, was with me ? well it was the best time of my life.  She was a true lady, just everything a man could want."
David listened closely and watched as Frank continued to stare out the kitchen window and his eyes sparkled just a bit.
"Wendy helped make this topsy-turvy world make sense.  No matter how many bad people or things in the world you knew about; knowing that the Lord made someone like Wendy proved there was good in the world."  Frank took a deep breath and looked back at David, then down at his coffee mug with a faint smile.
After what David thought was an appropriate pause, he said:  "You know Frank; I know you could never replace your wife, but wouldn't she ? wouldn't Wendy want you to find another companion?  I know you're "OK" with your current life, but wouldn't Wendy like to see you not be alone so much?"
"Well David, I think you're a great guy ? like you and all, but I'm not really interested in that type of relationship with you."
"I didn't mean me Frank!"  David yelped out with a high pitched voice, nearly shouting.
"Duh kid, I was only joking."  David was a bit embarrassed realizing he should have figured Frank would go from teary eyed talk about Wendy back to his dry sense of humor.
"Oh phew, you had me worried there for a minute Frank," David said with a large gulp from his glass."  Inside he was still kicking himself for being so gullible.
"So something tells me ? David ? that you just happen to have someone in mind as my new; how did you put it; companion?"  Frank had his best sarcastic tone in play.
"Well I do ? I do.  I was just thinking that you and ?"
"Miss Donna," Frank interrupted.
"Ah, you either read my mind Frank or you already know there's some obvious connection.  Hmm?"
"Well she did "hit on me" a little while back.  At least I think she did."  Frank was pretty sure he was right.
"Is that right?"  David meant this as a positive reinforcement of what Frank had said, but Frank took it as:  prove she really "hit on you".
So Frank explained the last banana bread visit he had from Miss Donna and how, to him anyway, she was obviously "hitting on him" or "coming on to him" or what ever it is you kids call it these days.
"Yep, sure does sound like she was "hitting on ya" Frank.  So what're ya gonna do about that?"  David was almost goading Frank into action.  He figured if he sort of challenged Frank to make a move on Miss Donna he probably would, even if it was just to win the challenge.
"You trying to manipulate me boy?"  Frank was smiling as he got up from the table to freshen up his coffee.  David should have known Frank was too much of a thinker to be tricked into such things.
"Caught red handed, wasn't I?"  David smiled as Frank poured his coffee.
"You want some more ice water there David?"
"Sure, thanks."
As Frank sat back down and they both commenced to sipping there drinks and such, David felt he began to see a side of Frank few get to see.  He seemed more open to his opinion, his thoughts.  Frank made him feel ? well smart ? like his opinion had merit.  David supposed Professors have this ability; ya know, to either tear down your hypothesis or lift it up and let it soar with the eagles.  What ever ? thought David, all I know is Frank is comin' round.
After numerous more minutes of discussion, Frank had come to his stance on the situation.
"I'll tell you what David, it's real nice of you to care enough to come over and talk to me about this; real polite of ya.  And ? I'd have to say you've got a good point.  Also, I don't think you're in left field about Miss Donna, she does seem to be a fine lady."  Frank sounded a bit professional in his tone; like he was teaching a large class of graduate students or something.  Still David had his hopes up about where Frank was headed.
"Soooo ?." David wasn't trying to be pushy, but was ready to cut to the chase.
"Soooo," Frank did his best monkey see monkey do impression.  "I'll consider it.  I'll really think on what you've said."  Frank smiled and again looked over David's shoulder out the window.
David knew Frank well enough now to know he had already made up his mind.  Frank is just too smart and quick witted to need to think long on such a subject, thought David.  No ? he's already made up his mind, and he's going to go for it.  I can tell ? I can just tell.  David was ecstatic.
Not wanting to spoil what was a very good conversation, even with a lot of talking small (which David knows Frank doesn't like, or at least Frank says he doesn't), David decided to make a quick exit, leaving Frank to make his move.  David said his pleasant goodbyes and made his way back to his apartment feeling as if he had done some good work.  As he closed his apartment door and walked over to the kitchen, he looked at himself in the mirror over the sink and thought:  hmm I hope Miss Donna doesn't shoot him down.  But, just as with Jennifer, something told him everything would turn out just fine.
Chapter 31

With Elizabeth doing her thing in the kitchen, I was taking up my normal perch at the kitchen window watching the world go by.  That's when I saw Frank come into the courtyard, from The Villa's parking lot, carrying a dozen roses.  He almost seemed to be sneaking, as he was walking pretty fast and looking around to see if anybody was watching.  He went straight to his apartment in a flash.
Apparently Frank was an old softy after all.  I could think of no one those flowers could be for except Miss Donna.  It would appear David was right.  Frank was going to take that leap.
Frank entered his apartment with heaving breath, less from the brisk walk and more from the sheer excitement of the events to come.  He almost felt like a school boy asking the prettiest little girl in his class to the school dance.  Frank felt a little silly, but invigorated none the less.
Rather than march right over to Miss Donna's apartment with the flowers, Frank needed a few minutes to get his bearings, to work up the nerve so to speak.  He made his way to the kitchen and decided against coffee; caffeine would not help his nerves at all.  A nice tall glass of orange juice felt like a better choice.
Frank started to drink directly from the carton and then thought better.  As he lifted the container to poor into the glass, he noticed his hands were shaking; not badly really, but they were shaking.  He laughed at himself for getting all worked up like this.  He decided to sit down for a few minutes and work on a crossword puzzle.  A few minutes turned into a half hour and he realized he might just be putting off going over to Miss Donna's due to fear.  It's not like me to procrastinate, thought Frank.  I hope this isn't what finding a new "companion" is going to turn me into.
With that thought Frank quickly jumped up from the table, checked his hair in the mirror over the kitchen sink, grabbed up the dozen red roses and shot out his front door.  He walked as swiftly to Miss Donna's front door as he had scampered to his front door earlier; like a man on a mission.
A firm knock and a clearing of his throat put Frank in offensive mode.  He was ready to confront this challenge.  That's how Frank looked at it, as a challenge.  Something told me Miss Donna wouldn't see it that way.  Perhaps she could bring things into perspective for Frank?  We'll see.
"Well Frank, what a nice surprise," said Miss Donna just as she opened her apartment door.  She immediately noticed the flowers in Frank's hand.  How could she not?
"How are ya today Miss Donna?"  Frank tried to have a soft matter of fact tone about him, but his vocal cadence came out very much like a drill sergeants.  Miss Donna didn't seem to mind though.
"Are you sure you aren't lost?  Are you at the right door carrying those roses?"  Miss Donna was being facetious.  She was pretty sure those red roses were for her, but she tried to play modest.  Actually it wasn't modesty at all, it was more "hard to get", or even allusive you could say.
"I knocked on the right door, of that I'm sure," replied Frank in a softer tone this time.
"O?..kkkkk," Miss Donna said then paused for a long moment.  She decided it would be quite the sport to make things as hard as possible on Frank.  Not in a mean way really, but he's been a hard one to pin down over the years, and she figured he was making his move now.  I'm not going to make his move for him, she thought.  He's going to have to put in the footwork on this one.  Miss Donna tried to look serious, but after the long pause she couldn't help but crack a smile.
"Well ? Donna ? can I come in?"   Frank didn't sound put off, but he did sound like he clearly understood the game that was currently being played.  He figured the playing field was in the apartment and he was only standing on the sidelines here on Miss Donna's door step.
"Why certainly," Miss Donna said as she stepped aside theatrically to allow him to pass.  Frank had a strong feeling of déjà vu.
"Head on into the kitchen Frank and watch out for that dog; she bites," replied Miss Donna with a smile in her voice.  Frank knew better and could feel Miss Donna's sarcasm draw out like a blade.  He thought, well I suppose my chicken's have come home to roost.  What sarcasm goes around; sarcasm comes around.
"Coffee Frank?"
"Yes, thanks."
"So you got something on your mind Frank?  Or have you just been walkin' 'round all day carrying those roses?"  Miss Donna sat down with the two coffee mugs but didn't hand Frank's to him.  She was going to make him ask for it.  She wasn't sure why, it just felt like the right thing to do, that's all.  Frank didn't bother.
"Yes, I've been thinking ?" Frank paused for a long moment and looked down at Cosmo as that damn cat rubbed up against his leg.  "These are for you Donna."  Frank thrust the dozen roses forward faster than a middleweight boxer's jab; so fast Dash jumped a little from the movement.  Miss Donna laughed as several of the rose petals actually shook loose from the movement and landed on the table in front of her.
"Well how nice.  Do you want me to have the whole bunch or should I just keep the petals you've shaken loose in my coffee?"  Miss Donna got up, looking angry; walked to the kitchen sink and abruptly poured her coffee and rose petals down the drain.  She looked at Frank in the mirror over the sink as she tried not to smile.  Rinsing her coffee mug she thought she saw his face turn a little red.
With a fresh cup of coffee Miss Donna sat back down and Frank slowly tried to hand her the roses again.  "Well there for you anyways," said Frank with a gracious smile.  Miss Donna thought this was about as gracious as Frank would probably get, so she felt it was a good time to accept the roses before he got mad and stomped out pouting. 
"Thank you Frank, I'll just put them in some water."  As Miss Donna found an appropriate vase she said:  "So what's on your mind?"
"Well I was just wondering if you might want to accompany me to din ?" Miss Donna interrupted.
"I don't know Frank, you've got me confused.  You never wanted to have anything to do with me before ? why now?"  She felt like this was a reasonable question after her several attempts to spark something up over the years.  Did he think she just liked baking him all those loaves of banana bread?
"Well I ?" Miss Donna interrupted again.
"I mean goodness Frank, I've heard of hard to get but really!"
"Well I ?"
"Maybe more than hard to get; but stuck up.  Ya, stuck up would be the way it's been.  Maybe you think your poo smells better than most?"  Miss Donna realized this was quite a rude comment, but felt it suited Frank's previous behavior fairly well.
"Well I ?"
"Ya!"
Well I ?"
"What?"
"Miss Donna," Frank's voice was soft and low.  "You gonna let me finish?"
"Go right ahead Frank, I'm allllll ears."  She leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms in front of her.  Not what you would call inviting body language.
"Well I ?" Frank paused just in case Miss Donna had something more to say.  She remained silent.
"I guess I've come to my senses Miss Donna," Frank said softly with a warm smile.  Miss Donna thought he was trying to be charming; and he was doing a damn good job of it too.
"I see ? you guess," Miss Donna wasn't quite through making things hard on old Frank.
"No, I know I have ? I've come to my senses and if you're quite done running me through the ringer ?" Frank was smiling as he bent down to pat Dash on the head ? "then I'd like to know if you'd do me the honor of accompanying me to dinner this Saturday evening?"  Frank sounded so sincere.  Miss Donna thought he was just as sweet as could be.
"Well let me see, I'll have to clear a few things from my schedule and ?" now it was Frank's turn to interrupt.
"Now Donna," Frank had a funny smirk on his face that said it was time for a straight answer.
"I'd be delighted Frank, and thank you for the roses."  She thought he was pretty bold to come over to her apartment like he did.  He was carrying those roses out in the open for everyone to see.  Miss Donna thought The Villa must be a buzz wondering what's goin' on; Frank coming in her apartment with a dozen red roses and all.
"Well your welcome Miss Donna.  I'll swing by your apartment say six o'clock?
"That sounds great!"  Miss Donna was grinning like a school girl.
Frank didn't want to spoil what had turned out to be a great moment, so he said his pleasant goodbyes and hurried toward Miss Donna's front door.
As Frank stepped just outside of Miss Donna's front door he thought the air smelled extra clean.
As Miss Donna closed her apartment door she felt a strong feeling of hope and happiness about the beginning of something good.  She felt love in her heart and hoped it would grow to include Frank.  She sat down on her sofa.  Cosmo joined in with Miss Donna's good mood by rubbing up against her leg while Dash lay on her foot.
Frank stood just outside Miss Donna's front door for quite some time.  He had good feelings as well.  Frank thought:  we've known each other a long time so this doesn't feel new; but better than new.  "Love is in the air," he whispered under his breath and just stood there.
Frank smiled; a long smile and looked to the bright blue sky.  It was a smile like he hasn't made since his beloved Wendy said yes.  
Frank just stood there; smiled and looked at the blue sky.


The Beginning ?