A NEW BEGINNING
By Brenda Kennedy
Copyright 2014 by Brenda Kennedy
Cover Photo Copyright by Vita Khorzhevska
Agency: Shutterstock
SMASHWORDS EDITION
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedicated to Mom and Dad. I love and miss you every day.
This story is part of a trilogy. Books 1 and 2 have cliffhangers.
•••
Chapter One: A New Beginning
Mason
Do I really want to be here? No, not so much. I came to be social and to catch up with my friends. I have to be at the E.R. in a couple of hours for what I’m sure will be another crazy Saturday night. I can do this. Smile and be polite, I keep telling myself. Vincent called earlier, wanting us to get together. He said he had something to share with Donovan and me. 
Donovan Martin is an attorney at a major law firm in Sarasota and Vincent Salvatore owns his own construction company in the Sarasota/Bradenton area. We have been friends for as long as I can remember. Living in the same neighborhood as children and going to the same schools until college, we have gotten and stayed very close. 
I remember Vincent’s birthday one summer. His parents threw him a costume birthday party. Everyone had to dress up as pirates, even the adults. He had a pirate ship birthday cake, too. It was the coolest cake I have ever seen. The party was held in his backyard. Earlier that summer, his Dad had built him a huge pirate ship out of wood. Most kids in the neighborhood had wooden jungle gyms or wooden swing sets in their backyard, but not Vincent; he had a life-sized wooden pirate ship. Vincent’s Dad owned a construction company and built the ship by hand for his son. It had a Jolly Pirate flag, flying high on the flagpole, three different level decks, one deck had a cannon, and it even had a plank to walk on. Underneath the plank was a thick pile of mulch so you could jump off the plank and land in the mulch without getting hurt. Vincent and his Dad named the ship Vin-Ma-Don, the 3 Buccaneers, after us three boys — Vincent, me, and Donovan. I don’t think any other childhood memory I have tops that one. We were close then and we are still close to this day. They are like my brothers. 
Ever since Julia and I broke up, my clubbing days are long behind me. I really don’t want to run into her and her beau any time soon. I guess I still hold some resentment towards her for the way things ended. Yeah, walking in on her and another man will do that to a person. That she is still dating the same man she cheated on me with still stings. What a bitch! Ok, so I still hold a lot of resentment towards her. I know she will do the same thing to him as she did to me, and damn if I don’t want to be there to see that go down. Yeah, I hope she gets what she deserves. 
I walk inside the already too hot club and make my way to the bar. I can see Donovan and Vincent tossing back a shot. Weaving through the dance floor, I finally reach my destination. God, how I hate the club scene. Donovan sees me first as he nods his head in my direction and then Vincent turns to look at me and smiles. 
“Been here long?” I ask. 
“No, man, just got here maybe 15 minutes ago. Glad you could make it,” Vincent says, cupping his hand on my shoulder. 
“The club’s hopping — sure you don’t want to call in sick?” Donovan asks 
“As appealing as that sounds, I really can’t. One of us three has to work.” 
Laughing, Donovan tells me he went ahead and ordered me a club soda with lime. 
“Thanks, man,” I say, reaching for my drink and taking a generous gulp of it. 
“We still on for tomorrow?” Vincent asks. 
“What’s going on tomorrow?” 
“You know damn good and well what’s going on Sunday. We’re taking the boat out, and Sara and Brea are fixing you up with the new girl in the office. Ring a bell now, smart ass?” 
“Oh, yeah, about that, I’ve been meaning to cancel on that. I’m not really in the mood to be fixed up. I have a lot going on at work with getting my own practice started and the renovations being done at the beach house.” 
“Still bitter after all that shit Julia pulled, I see. You need to start dating again. It’s been five months,” Donovan says. 
“Easier said than done. I’m trying to move on, but it’s still pretty fresh in my mind. I don’t really want to spend the day on the water with someone that I may or may not connect with. It’s gonna be a long day if we don’t click.” 
“There’s no way Sara and Brea are going to let you out of this, so you better suck it up now. You still have until tomorrow to get your mind ready for it. It’s gonna be fun. I searched using Google for a new reef for us to check out. Scuba diving always calms your nerves,” Vincent says. 
Yeah, he’s right. We haven’t gone diving in months. Spending the day on the water has never been a bad time. Food, drinks, and friends — that’s what life’s about. “Ok, you’re right. It’s just a few hours with a woman I know absolutely nothing about. I’m gonna warn you now, if this is anything less than a great time for me, I will make you fucking miserable right along with me.” 
“Fair enough,” Vincent says, before finishing off the last of his beer and ordering another round. 
Trying desperately to change the subject, I ask Vincent what’s the news he has to share, before taking another drink of my club soda. 
With a shit-eating grin, he says, “I’m gonna ask Brea to marry me.” 
I spew my drink everywhere and look at Donovan who’s looking at me and looks just as shocked as I am. We both look back to Vincent like he just grew horns. 
“Wh-wh-what did you just say?” 
“You heard me. I am crazy about her and don’t want to live without her.” 
“It seems a little fast to me. You’ve known her what … two minutes?” Donovan says seriously. 
“Funny, it’s been just over a year … I have never felt this way about anyone and I know she is the one. Dude, I can’t get enough of her.” 
“Wow, I had no idea it was that serious. I knew you guys were crazy about each other, but marriage! Well then, if that’s what you want, you have my blessings. She is a great girl and you are one lucky son of a bitch,” I say with a smile that matches Vincent’s. 
Donovan nods in agreement and tips his beer to his mouth and then waves at a guy on the other end of the bar. 
Vincent turns back to the bar with a huge stupid-as-fuck grin on his face, grabs our drinks off the bar, and passes them out to us. 
The club is jam-packed. Standing room only at the bar, people are dancing, groups of people are huddled together chatting. Lights are flashing and the music is blaring. Looking around the club, I nod to a group of people I know and then turn my attention back to the guys. 
We are standing at the bar when someone bumps into me, spilling my club soda everywhere. I look behind me to see a tall, thin, beautiful brunette straightening her dress. She looks at me sheepishly. She is stunning. Long legs, big beautiful brown eyes, full red lips. 
“I am so sorry,” she says, jarring me from my thoughts. 
Grabbing a few napkins from the bar to wipe the club soda from my hands, I tell her, smiling, “No problem.” 
She smiles a perfect bright white smile and turns to the bar and orders a glass of white wine. I take this opportunity to check her out. Long straight brown hair, gold hoop earrings, red form-fitting dress cut low enough to show off her beautiful full cleavage, red painted nails, gold bracelet, curvy hips, long tan legs, a sexy gold anklet and black fuck-me heels with red bows on the backs of them. My eyes travel back up her gorgeous body, admiring her curves when our eyes meet. 
She smiles again, looking over her shoulder, and says with a raised eyebrow, “See something you like?” 
Laughing from being caught ogling her, I say, “Nice shoes.” 
She laughs back and says, “Nice tat.” 
With my brows furrowed, I look down at the sleeves of my shirt covering my arms, look back up at her and say, “I don’t have any tats.” 
She laughs with a wink and says, “Mmmm, just checking.” 
With her wine glass in hand, she saunters off towards the dance floor. Looking back over her shoulder, she winks, and says, “See ya around, Handsome.” 
Now that you can count on. 
When I turn back around to where Donovan and Vincent are, they are both laughing at me. 
“What is so funny?” 
“Just you and your public display of appreciation.” 
“That obvious?” 
“Oh, yeah.” 
“You can’t fault me for that.” 
Drinking the rest of my drink, I lean forward to place the empty glass on the bar, and finish wiping the rest of the spilled club soda off my hands, I toss the used, wet bar napkins beside the empty glass. 
I ask Vincent, “So when are you proposing?” 
“Soon, not sure yet.” 
Donovan says, “You know it’s all about the ring, right? You don’t get the ring right, you can kiss the whole wedding goodbye.” 
Donovan, having three sisters and having been raised by a single mother, would know. In fact, Donovan knows more about girl shit than any other guy I know. It must have sucked for him growing up with all women in the house. 
Vincent nods nervously and says, “That’s what I hear. That’s why I’m meeting Sara at Tiffany’s on Wednesday to help me pick out the ring.” 
Donovan damn nears chokes on his beer and says, “Sara — you mean my Sara?” 
“Yes, your Sara. She is Brea’s best friend, so it only makes sense to ask for her help picking out the ring, since she knows exactly what Brea would like.” 
“Let me get this right? You want to take my Sara out with you to look at engagement rings? You couldn’t have asked one of Brea’s sisters from Ohio to go with you?” 
“What’s the big deal about Sara going to Tiffany’s to look at engagement rings with me?” 
With that statement made, it finally clicks with Vincent what Donovan is worried about. Donovan is worried that Sara’s going to get the wedding/baby fever, or whatever it is girls get whenever there’s a wedding, an engagement, or a new baby. 
“Oh, shit, I get it. I didn’t think about that. Too late now, I already asked her to help me. Sorry, man.” 
“I like the way things are going between the two of us. I don’t need Sara coming home and dropping hints about rings, weddings, and preschools.” 
Donovan runs his hands through his hair, looking completely defeated, and says, “I think I need something stronger to drink.” 
Looking at Vincent, he says, “You better pray this goes better than I am imagining or this friendship —” waving his hands between the two of them “— is over.” 
Laughing, Vincent lifts his hands up in surrender and says, “Ok, bro, it’ll be all right. Let me get you another shot.” 
“Or six,” I butt in. “By the look on Donovan’s face, you better pray Sara doesn’t get wedding/baby fever after spending the day with you in a jewelry store.” 
Seconds later, someone wraps their arms around my waist. I turn around and see Sara smiling brightly at me. 
“Mason, I didn’t know you were meeting us here tonight,” she says. 
She leans up on her tiptoes to kiss me on the cheek as Brea pats my arm as she walks past me to be beside Vincent, who is smiling like a lunatic at her. He leans down to kiss her sweetly on her lips as she snakes her arms around his waist. They really do make a great couple. 
“Can’t stay. I have to work tonight,” I say. “I just came out for a minute to see everyone. How have you been?” 
Moving to be next to Donovan, who is already reaching his hands out for her, Sara says, “I’m good. Work is really busy, so that’s a plus.” 
Donovan leans down and kisses her on the top of her head when she nestles in front of him. Her back is to his chest. 
It’s times like these when I realize how much I miss being in a relationship. Damn Julia! That’s two years of my life I’ll never get back. 
While Donovan, Vincent, and I were born and raised in Florida. Sara and Brea are transplants. They moved down from Zanesville, a town in Ohio, a couple years ago to start up an insurance company together. R.K. Insurance over on Stickney Point is a thriving business, and the girls seem to be doing very well for themselves. R.K. Insurance is named after the girls’ last names, Sara Roberts and Brea Kinsley. 
Vincent orders shots for everyone, with beer chasers for Donovan and him, and a pitcher of margaritas for the girls. I decline another drink. I really need to get going before they start talking about the blind date they have arranged for me tomorrow. 
“Don’t forget about the boating trip we have planned for Sunday. We have a hot date set up for you.” Brea says. 
Shit, too late. 
“The weather is supposed to be beautiful,” Sara says and talks about how much fun we are going to have and about the mystery woman being excited. 
Vincent owns a 26-foot Catamaran boat that he leaves docked at Marina Jacks. 
“Looking forward to it,” I say through gritted teeth. They all laugh, but I don’t see what’s so funny. 
“I hate to cut the party short, but I need to get to the hospital,” I say. “My shift starts in an hour.” 
I say my goodbyes with hugs for the girls and handshakes for the guys. 
“I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” 
Sara shouts out, “Twelve noon at the marina. We’ll meet you there.” 
I wave in acknowledgement and head towards the dance floor. 
Weaving through the drunks, and the dancers, I spot Miss Red Dress, from the bar earlier. She is on the dance floor, swaying her hips to the music and holding her wine glass up so no one will bump into it. We make eye contact and I can’t look away. She is staring at me and she is smoking hot. I raise my chin and wink at her as my goodbye and she raises her glass towards me with a smile and winks in acknowledgement. Now that is definitely someone I want to get to know. 
I head out into the crisp night air, inhaling deeply. Collecting my car from the valet, I make my way to Sarasota Memorial Hospital to start my shift. 
Angel
Swaying my hips to the music with my eyes closed, I let the music take me away. God, how I love this song. When I feel like I’m being watched, I open my eyes and look around the club. I see the guy from the bar earlier staring at me with a sly smile. He looks totally yummy in his khakis and white dress shirt. I continue to stare at him as he walks away, and I admire the way his ass looks in those pants. I didn’t think anyone could make khakis look good, but damn if I wasn’t wrong. His button-down dress shirt is opened at the neck. Dark curly hair, brown eyes, tall and muscular. He lifts his chin and winks as he gets further away from me. I wink and raise my glass to him before he exits the club. I am liking this town more and more. Now he is someone I wouldn’t mind spending some time with. 
I continue dancing with some random guy. I’m not really feeling him, so I excuse myself before the next song and head outside to get some air. It is a beautiful night: The moon is full and the sky is full of stars. I can smell the salt in the air from the ocean. This really does feel like home. People are coming in and leaving the club, so I move over near the wall, out of their way. 
My thoughts drift back to Handsome. Those big brown eyes, beautiful white teeth, dimples, and curly dark hair. God, how I love dimples! Angel, stay focused and forget about him. I still have a ton of things I have to take care of before I can think seriously about a man. 
Deciding I have had enough fun for one night, I retrieve my car from the valet. I get this eerie feeling like someone is watching me. I turn and look around before getting into my car. I don’t see anyone or anything out of the ordinary. The hairs on my neck are standing on end. 
“Knock it off, Angel,” I say out loud. “You are scaring yourself.” 
Trying to shake off the eerie feeling I have, I roll my window down and turn the music up. I live a short distance from the club. I have a small beach house on Siesta Key that my Aunt Rosie left me after she passed. It needs a little work, but it is just the right size and the perfect location. Nothing a little T.L.C. can’t fix. 
I slowly travel down the dark cul de sac road I live on. As I pull into the driveway, I admire my little tan cottage-style home with pale blue shutters. It is a dark road even with the streetlights and a small porch light lit to lead me to the front door. The driveway is lined with purple and yellow flowers that are in full bloom. A lemon and a lime tree are near the left corner of the house and an oversized moss tree is located almost dead center of the yard. Each window has a wooden, white window box beneath it overflowing with a variety of colorful flowers and greenery. I remember when Mr. Morgan made those window boxes for my Aunt Rosie. I was just a small child then. Aunt Rosie was so excited when he and Mrs. Morgan brought them over to her. I get out of my car, inhaling the salty sea air. It automatically calms me. I walk the cobblestone sidewalk leading to the front door. I walk beneath the large white trellis that hangs over the sidewalk with large yellow tropical flowers growing on the greenery that is entangled into it. A white cast iron bistro table and two chairs with floral cushions are on the porch just left of the front door. My front door is painted pale blue to match the shutters. I bought a beautiful grapevine wreath with spring flowers on it from a local florist on Main Street last weekend. I enter the darkened house and secure both locks and the chain on the door before turning on the lights. 
My house is perfect. The walls are white with tan tiled floors. It has vaulted ceilings with an open floor plan. I can see almost every room in my house from the front entrance. The entryway has a long table against the wall positioned perfectly as soon as you open the front door. It has a lamp, a terra cotta planter of live daisies and is scattered with black and white pictures of my Aunt Rosie, Mom, Dad, me, my grandparents, and my uncle and aunt. The pictures are all in white shabby chic frames in various sizes and shapes. The living room furniture is white wicker, with overstuffed floral cushions and lime green throw pillows. Two couches and an overstuffed chair and ottoman are near the glass pocket lanai doors. The doors slide into the wall when you open them, making the doors disappear. It leads out into a large lanai — that’s a Florida porch or sunroom — that overlooks a beautiful backyard landscaped with flowers, palm trees, and various fruit trees. A small table and chair are tucked into a corner of the living room that I reserve for reading. I placed a reading lamp on the table and stacked it high with romance novels by some of my favorite authors: Beautiful Stranger by Christina Lauren, Sand Castle Bay by Sherryl Woods, and Paradise Taken by CM Hutton, to name a few. My own little reading sanctuary. A big area rug decorates the center of the room. In the dining room is a white wicker dining table with a glass top and six chairs gathered around it and a huge buffet stocked full of vintage serving dishes and my grandmother’s wedding china. My bedroom is simple with just a four-poster pine bed and a matching dresser. A quilt, handmade by my Aunt Rosie, Aunt Maria, and Mom, lies at the foot of the bed atop a pink and white floral comforter. The dresser has a picture of my Mom and Dad on their wedding day and a picture of my Aunt Rosie and me on my 16th birthday. There is also a picture of Aunt Rosie and her only brother, Raúl, taken with him in his uniform when he graduated from the police academy and another one when he made Captain of the detective bureau. And a picture of Raúl and his wife, Maria, on their anniversary. A large glass pocket door in the bedroom leads to a private lanai that overlooks the shaded backyard. The master bath has a bathtub and an oversized private shower. The bathroom and bedroom are both decorated in pink floral. The other two bedrooms seem small in comparison. One of the bedrooms was my room that I would sleep in when I would visit as a child. It still has the same antique white wooden bedroom furniture that belonged to my mother when she was a little girl. It has a full-sized bed, dresser, chest of drawers, and a matching desk with a chair. The walls are white with beige carpet. The bed has one of Aunt Rosie’s handmade quilted bedspreads draped across it. The third bedroom was the one Mom and Dad slept in whenever we visited. It also has white walls and beige carpet with an adjoining bathroom. It has a four-poster mahogany wood bed, a rocking chair, a dresser, and an old cedar chest at the foot of the bed, stuffed full of handmade quilts made by grandma, Mom, Aunt Rosie, and Aunt Maria. Whenever Uncle Raúl and Aunt Maria would visit at the same time we did, the small cottage would be bursting at the seams with family, love, and laughter. Back then Aunt Rosie’s couch was a sleep sofa used to accommodate the extra guests. Sometimes I would sleep with Aunt Rosie when Uncle Raúl and Aunt Maria were here and they would sleep in my room. 
Heading into the bedroom, I shower, brush my teeth, and apply my favorite lotion, cinnamon and peaches, before putting on my white eyelet nightgown. I climb into bed with a romance novel and think of how truly blessed I am. A few months ago, I never would have believed my life could be so content. 
I am an only child. My mother passed away in a car accident when I was 12. And my father turned to alcohol to numb the pain. I tried to help him overcome his depression but to no avail. He became very mean when he drank, so I learned early on to stay out of his way. I worked hard at school, joined track, played basketball, and volunteered at the local hospital on weekends. My Aunt Rosie would come over and take me shopping or out for ice cream a couple times a week. She was my mother’s only sister and we would share memories of her. Aunt Rosie never married and didn’t have any children of her own. She said my Mom would share me with her, so I was like her child, too. 
When I turned 18, I moved out and went to college to be an interior designer. I loved it. I would call my Dad every Sunday to make sure he was ok and to update him on my classes and social life. He was usually drunk and slurring his words, which made it difficult to understand him. My phone calls home became fewer and fewer. I would call Aunt Rosie or she would call me several times a week. I loved talking to her and she was so excited the day I told her about a guy in my class, Jim. She would listen to me go on and on about him. He had an apartment close to the school while I lived in a dorm with another girl. He was wonderful to me. Always very attentive and caring. I loved him. We had so much in common, and I found he was very easy to be around. 
After two years of dating, Jim and I moved in together. One day after school when Jim came to pick me up, I was talking to a couple guys from math class about an assignment. Algebra was always a poor subject of mine. I saw Jim pull into the parking lot, said my goodbyes to my classmates, and jumped into the front seat next to him. I smiled over at him and could tell something was wrong by the scowl on his face. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
I could tell Jim was pissed! 
“Who are they?” Jim asked 
“Just some guys from Math class going over an assignment with me. I’m having problems with algebra.” 
“If you need help, get a tutor.” 
“Why would I pay for a tutor when they will help me for free? That seems kind of stupid.” 
I had never seen this side of Jim, and I didn’t like it. He had never told me what to do before. 
“I don’t want you talking to them again. If you need help, you get a fucking tutor.” 
He turned and hit me so hard that I couldn’t attend class for a week because of the bruising to my face. 
The abuse came more frequently for no reason at all. I ended up having to withdraw from school, because of all the days I had to miss because of the abuse. I was nearly done with four years of college before I had to withdraw. Jim, however, graduated. I couldn’t tell anyone about the abuse for fear of retaliation from Jim. 
Dad passed away last year. He never knew about the beatings or my withdrawal from school. I didn’t want to disappoint him. I wanted him to think his only daughter was living her dream with a man who adored her. Jim would be the doting boyfriend in front of people. He perfected the role to a T. 
While at Dad’s funeral, I had some bruises on my face that were fading. I was able to cover them up with makeup and acted as though everything was fine. It seemed to have worked. Nobody questioned the marks, and everyone seemed to believe that Jim and I were a couple madly in love. 
While I was helping to clean up the kitchen, however, Aunt Rosie approached me when Jim went upstairs. She had seen the bruises and knew without me telling her what was happening in my formerly happy little life. She placed her hand softly on my cheek and rubbed her thumb gently near my bruised eyelid. 
“Oh, Pumpkin, are you all right?” 
I blink back the tears that threaten to fall and put on a fake smile. Aunt Rosie, I’m fine.” 
“Do you need help? Stay here with me. You don’t need to leave with Jim.” 
The heartbreak in her eyes about did me in. 
“It’s ok, really,” I said, patting her hand. 
She offered to call the police and move me into her house. Too afraid to speak, I could only shake my head from fear that Jim would overhear us. Jim entered the room at that moment and announced that it was late and we really needed to get back. Saying our goodbyes, we left. 
Jim must not have heard Aunt Rosie because he never said anything about it. He is so smug, he probably thought he got away with it. He must be so proud of himself to be able to hide his monstrous side so easily. 
A few months later, Aunt Rosie was diagnosed with stage 4 bone cancer. She had only a few months to live. Jim allowed me to go visit Rosie daily to help with the cooking and cleaning and other errands that needed attending to. I would have to check in with him throughout the day and let him know when I left her house to return home. He knew it was exactly 33 minutes from her house to ours. I always prayed I didn’t get stuck in traffic, or there would be hell to pay. 
On one of my visits, Aunt Rosie told me she was sorry she couldn’t protect me from my Dad or Jim. She said after my Mom died, she knew my Dad had turned to drinking. She tried to talk Dad into letting me move in with her, but Dad wouldn’t allow it. She said she knew about the abuse I suffered from the man who was supposed to love me. She had tears in her eyes as she was telling me how I deserved much better. She gave me an envelope and told me not to open it until after her death. She told me how much she loved me and how much Mom would have been proud of me. 
I hid the envelope in the trunk of my car and drove home, crying the entire way. 
Aunt Rosie died two weeks later. Uncle Raúl, Aunt Maria, and I planned her funeral. With no husband and children, Aunt Rosie’s funeral was small and intimate. Just family and a few friends. It was just what she would have wanted. 
Jim went to work the next morning, and I sat at the table with the envelope in my hands. I opened it carefully and saw a letter and a small key tucked safely inside. I opened the letter and read it. 
My Darling Angel, 
I want you to know how much I love you and how proud I am of you. I fell in love with you before you were even born. You have grown to be a strong and beautiful woman. I want you to know how sorry I am for not protecting you. I should have protected you from your father after he turned to alcohol after your mother’s death, and I should have locked you safely in my house after your father’s funeral. I knew what was going on with you and Jim, and I turned a blind eye. Please forgive me, my sweet Angel. 
This key belongs to a safe deposit box at my bank. I have closed out all of my bank accounts and left some personal items in the safe deposit box for you. I want you to use the items and get as far away from Jim as you can. I love you more than anything in this entire world. I want you to be safe and happy. I knew you would never take anything from me while I was alive, so I am giving this to you now. I fear that if you stay, things will only get worse. I couldn’t help you while I was alive, but I am helping you now. Pumpkin, this is your new beginning. Please take it. Hide the key and use it as soon as it is safe for you to. Do not be afraid. I am here with you! 
I love you, my beautiful Angel, 
Aunt Rosie xoxoxo 
I put my head in my hands and cried until there were no more tears. I could barely move. I was exhausted from reading the letter and the emotional rollercoaster that followed. I needed to pull myself together before Jim got home from work. I burned the letter, so he couldn’t find a trace of it, hid the key in a pair of shoes in my closet, showered, and dressed. I prepared Jim’s favorite dinner before he got home so he would not suspect that something was bothering me. 
The next morning, before Jim left work, I told him I needed to get groceries, drop off his clothes at the cleaners, and go to the doctor. He left before I did. I arrived at Aunt Rosie’s bank 45 minutes later. My hands were shaking. I was led into a small private room with the bank manager. I gave him my safe deposit box key and he used his key with mine to open the locked safe. He removed the still locked box, handed it to me and led me into a small private room. I slowly unlocked the box with the key Aunt Rosie left me and opened it slowly. I was shocked at what I found in it. The first thing I saw was a deed to her cottage in Florida with my name on it. There was a title to a car registered in Florida, also with my name on it. There was an envelope stuffed full with hundred-dollar bills, a life insurance policy for my aunt with me listed as the beneficiary, some CDs, saving bonds, and IRAs. Lifting each item up, I placed everything neatly on the table beside the box. I saw pictures of my Mom and Aunt Rosie when they were children, some old letters, and cards from my grandma. There was some jewelry that I didn’t even know Aunt Rosie had. In the very bottom of the box was another sealed envelope with my name on it. With shaky hands I slowly opened the envelope. Inside was another letter from Aunt Rosie: 
My Precious Angel, 
I am so proud of you. If you are reading this, that means you have made the first step. You are one step closer to your new beginning. No more tears, Pumpkin. You hold your head up and smile that beautiful smile of yours. You are stronger than you think. A little bit longer and you will have your freedom and happiness back. I want you to drive my car to Florida. Use only cash on your trip there. Jim will be able to track your spending through your credit cards. When you get to Florida, the beach house will be ready for you. The neighbors have cared for it in my absence. You remember Carl and Josephine Morgan? They still live next door and are expecting you. If you need anything, you call them. They will look after you and guide you. Moving to a new city can be overwhelming. They have lived there their whole lives and know where everything is and how to get there. Here is Carl’s phone number if you need anything. Carl Morgan 941-555-5555. Do not hesitate to call him. When you get to Florida, you cash in the life insurance policies. Keep the IRAs, saving bonds, and CDs to use later. There is enough cash to keep you going for a while. Call your uncle when you get there and let him know you made it safely. He is worried about you. You are not alone, Pumpkin. I am here with you. 
I Love You, 
Aunt Rosie xoxoxo 
I pondered her words. Could I do this? Could I really get my second chance, a new beginning? Aunt Rosie just lived in a small house on a limited income. She was a model in her younger years and later owned her own quilting business. Aunt Rosie and Uncle Raúl had inherited some money from my grandparents after my Mom died. She had invested her money very well and lived a very simple life. Her only splurge was the cottage in Florida. 
After a few cleansing breaths, I emptied the safe deposit box and put everything in my purse. I decided that today is the day I get my life back. I needed to be careful not to leave a trail. I parked my car, which was in Jim’s name, at the mall, and then I took a cab back to Aunt Rosie’s house. I packed a few items from her house that I had left there, and headed to Florida in Aunt Rosie’s car. How long would I have before he realizes I’m gone? Two hours? Six hours? I had no idea, but I needed to be long gone before he realized I was not coming home. 
I am startled awake by my alarm clock. It is 6:30 a.m. The sun is already shining, and I feel more rested than I have in months. I lie there a few more minutes before I get up and get started for the day. I have plans for today, and I am looking forward to them. 
Mason
Leaving the club and driving to work, I can’t help but think back to that beautiful girl in the club. The way her hips moved to the music, her beautiful smile, and those long legs. Forget her, Mason, you don’t need any more drama in your life, I tell myself. 
I pull into the parking garage at the hospital at 10 p.m., grab my workbag and head inside. I am greeted with smiles from my coworkers, pats on the back from the previous shift, who are more excited about leaving than actually seeing me, and a cup of Joe from the charge nurse, Carla. 
“How’s it going, Carla?” I ask. 
“Uneventful so far, but it’s still early in the shift,” she replies with a smirk. 
Oh, how true that statement is. Carla, the other staff members, and I head into the report room to get report from the previous shift. 
Dr. Saturday looks like a truck just ran over him. His eyes are bloodshot and he is sporting a 5 o’clock shadow. His clothes are wrinkled, and he has dried blood on the top of his shoes — a telltale sign that shit had hit the fan on his shift. 
We get report and discover they had a heart attack victim who didn’t make it. That explains the look on Dr. Saturday’s face. As doctors we want to save the world, but because people are mortals, it’s impossible. When we lose a patient, we feel like failures. There is nothing worse than telling family members that although you did everything you could, it just wasn’t enough. We finish with report and the previous shift leaves. I want to say something to Dr. Saturday before he leaves, but there is nothing for me to say to him. He needs to work it out in his head. It will take some time, but he will see it was God’s will. 
Carla and I make our rounds triaging the patients. We see the most critical patients first, assigning rooms to the ones who need to be admitted and release the ones who can go home. We have a few sick kids, a couple of people who need stitched up after a bar fight, and an elderly man who is suffering from symptoms of a stroke. After we get them squared away, we are able to sit down and enjoy a cup of coffee together. 
We have worked together the last five years. Carla is an excellent nurse and makes the night go by a little smoother when she’s here. I love working with her and requested that they move her to my rotation. I never told her that and she doesn’t need to know that tidbit. Knowing her, it will go straight to her head, and I don’t need that! 
Carla chats about her kids and becoming a grandmother again, in September. Hard to believe she has children that old. She seems to never have a care in the world. That’s what I love about her. Easy going and hard working. She loves her job and is excellent at it. She knows what needs to be done before being told. She often has what I need before I tell her I need it. 
We get paged on the intercom — they are bringing in two people who were in a motor vehicle accident. Tossing our cups into the trash, we head to the trauma room to prepare for their arrival. 
At the end of our shift, I thank everyone for a job well done. We give report to the oncoming shift and say our goodbyes. We finished our shift without incident. Can’t ask for more than that. Grabbing my workbag, I head out the door towards my car. 
I live in a penthouse across from the Unconditional Surrender Statue that overlooks Sarasota Bay. Three penthouses are on the top floor. A secured elevator opens into a spacious foyer that we share. 
I arrive at my penthouse a little after 8 a.m. I toss my keys, wallet, and cell phone in the glass bowl on the table by the entryway door. I am exhausted. I get the coffee pot ready with the automatic timer set for 11 a.m., shower, and then slip into a pair of boxers and head to bed. I pray sleep finds me quickly. 
The alarm goes off, and I discover that I have a throbbing headache. I squint my eyes and look at the clock. Two hours of sleep just isn’t enough. I have to get ready for a day of boating with friends and a stranger. God, another blind date. Sara and Brea want so badly for me to be with someone. I wish they understood I am fine and don’t mind being single. I guess they want me to have the love and happiness they have. If I didn’t love Sara and Brea, I would refuse every attempt they made to fix me up. 
Three Tylenol tablets and a cup of coffee should help with the headache. I get ready in a hurry for a day on the water. I would actually be looking forward to it, if I weren’t dreading the blind date so much. Did I mention how much I hate blind dates? It’s true. I despise them. I throw on a pair of swimming trunks, a tee shirt, and a ball cap, grab a towel and sunglasses, and head out towards my car. 
I passed on shaving this morning, partly because I was running late, but mostly, I wanted to piss someone off. Sara will be upset when she sees how little effort I put into this date. Maybe then, she’ll stop trying to fix me up. 
On the way to the marina, I run by the store and grab some chips, soda, beer, wine, gum, mints, and some other snacks for the boat. They said they had everything, but I can’t just show up empty handed. See, I’m not a total asshole. 
Pulling into the marina, I spot them at the boat while I drive into a parking space. The guys are getting the boat fueled up, and the girls are loading drinks and ice into the cooler. Looking around for a fifth person, I don’t see her. I wonder if I should just turn back around and head home. Just as I put the car in reverse, I get a text. With a groan, I put the car in park and read the text from Vincent. 
V: Don’t even think about it! 
I look up and he is pointing his finger at me and laughing. He already knows I was planning my getaway. With dread, I grab my towel and the bags of groceries and head towards the boat. 
The girls are giddy with excitement. I greet them with a smile on my face and hand them the bags of snacks. 
“What’s this?” Looking into the bag, Brea says, “We told you not to bring anything. We have plenty.” 
“It’s nothing, just a few snacks and drinks. I couldn’t just show up empty handed.” 
 Sara is looking at me with a stern look on her face. 
“What?” I ask. 
“Couldn’t you at least shave?” 
“I worked late,” I lie. “Give me a break.” 
“Sure you did. Don’t make me regret fixing you up.” 
“If I do, will you stop?” 
“Nope, not a chance in hell.” 
With a moan, I walk away from her to where the guys are. 
“Trying to bail on us, I see,” Vincent says while lifting his sunglasses to look at me. 
“Can you blame me? I swear those girls spend more time trying me fix me up than they do anything.” 
Looking around, I say, “Is it just the five of us?” 
Just at that time I hear a girl’s voice coming from below the cabin: “I can’t find it. Are you sure it’s down here?” 
“Never mind. It’s up here,” Brea says, approaching us. 
“Good, I was running out of places to look,” a dark-haired girl says as she’s climbing the stairs up from the cabin. 
When she finally looks at me, I am stunned. I look at Sara, Brea, Vincent, and then Donovan. Donovan and Vincent are returning my look with a fucking grin. I look back to the dark-haired girl, who is also smiling at me. She is wearing a white sundress with a black sunhat and black sandals. Her black bikini straps are poking out the top of her dress. She looks even more beautiful than I remember. 
“So we meet again,” she says. 
Sara and Brea look confused. 
They ask, “You guys know each other?” 
“No, I ran into this hunk at the club last night.” 
“Literally ran into me,” I interject, smiling. “And you owe me a dry cleaning.” 
“Wait … what am I missing?” Sara says to the girl. “You met Mason?” 
“No, I was at the club last night and went to the bar to get a drink. Someone bumped into me and I bumped into him and he spilled his own drink on himself, technically,” she says smugly. 
Everyone busts out laughing at the retold story, including myself. It is a fair account of what happened. I guess I did spill the drink on myself, technically. 
Sara stops laughing long enough to say, “Angel Perez, this is Mason Myles. Mason Myles, this is Angel Perez.” 
I step closer and take her hand. “It’s my pleasure to finally meet you, Miss Perez.” 
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Mason Myles.” 
Vincent says, “Can we get on the water while it’s still daylight?” 
I release her hand and ask, “Are you ready, Angel?” 
“As I’ll ever be, Mason.” 
We all load the coolers, food, supplies, and scuba gear into the boat and head off for the reef. 
We push off from the dock and head towards the open water. It is a gorgeous day. I lean against the boat and observe everyone. Everybody is getting along, making jokes and laughing. This isn’t such a bad day after all. I look over at Angel. She is facing the front of the boat, the wind blowing her hair out of her face. She is talking with Sara and Brea, and they are looking at something in the water. She really is very stunning. She has thick eyelashes that fan across her cheek when she blinks, perfectly shaped eyebrows, and full pouty lips. 
Jarring me from my thoughts, Vincent yells, “The reef is right over there.” 
We all stand to look in the direction he is pointing at. Once we reach our destination, we anchor down. 
“Who wants to go first?” Vincent asks, looking into the water. 
I look at Angel, who is biting the inside of her cheek. I walk over to her and she looks up at me. 
“Have you ever gone scuba diving before?” 
Shaking her head, she whispers, “No, and it looks scary.” 
“We don’t have to go. We’ll sit this one out. You really have to take some classes before going diving anyway.” 
I yell over to Vincent and Donovan and tell them, “You guys can go. Angel and I will be the spotters.” 
After gearing up, the girls are laughing at how silly they look and feel in the gear and Donovan and Vincent excitedly talk about exploring a new reef. Everyone gears up, secures ropes, and double-checks tanks, and then they have the go ahead. Angel and I watch everyone while they jump in the water and put their scuba fins on their feet and get situated. 
Yelling “Ready,” they all wave, and Angel and I watch them until they disappear into the depths of the ocean. 
She looks around before saying, “It’s so beautiful out here.” 
Looking around, I have to agree. 
“There’s not another soul around us for miles,” I say. “We come out a couple times a month, if we’re lucky. Scuba diving is a lot of fun; it’s a whole other life beneath the waters. You’ll need to take some scuba classes if you think you are interested in diving.” 
“That will be something to consider.” 
“Would you like a beer?” I ask when I can’t think of anything else to say. 
“Love one, thank you.” 
I hand her the drink and our fingers touch lightly. She quickly pulls away and thanks me for the beer. What was that about, I wonder? 
Our conversation flows easily. We keep it light. I find out she’s fairly new to the area, went to school for interior design out in Los Angeles, moved to Florida after the death of her aunt six months ago, and started working at the insurance company that Sara and Brea own a few months ago. She is very pleasant to be around and easy on the eyes. 
I tell her about working at the E.R. but say that I am currently working on opening up my own practice, how I grew up with Vincent and Donovan, and how we met Sara and Brea. We continue our conversation while I check the ropes periodically. 
We see a school of dolphins nearby and stand up to watch them in amazement. They swim in and out of the water, and a baby dolphin is swimming along with them. I grab two waters and sit next to her. 
“Here, we need to stay hydrated.” 
“Thank you.” 
She asks nervously, “Shouldn’t they be back by now?” 
I look at my watch and tell her, “They still have 20 minutes of air left in the apparatus.” 
At that time we hear splashing in the water as the group surfaces. 
We help them out of the water and out of their gear. They share their experiences of exploring the new reef. I hand everyone a cold bottle of water, and the girls move to the front of the boat to talk about … whatever it is girls talk about. 
Vincent and Donovan show me some seashells they found and said they found a cave we needed to explore the next time we come out. They offer to spot for me as I dive, but I decline, not wanting to be rude to Angel. 
“So, how was it while we were gone?” Donovan asks, “Was it torture for you to be with her alone for an hour?” 
Laughing, he knows damn good and well it was anything but. 
I smile at him and reply, keeping my voice low, “No, it was good. Speaking of which, why didn’t you guys tell me my blind date was with the girl from last night’? I may have been able to relax a little knowing it was Miss Red Dress.” 
“We didn’t know until a few minutes before you arrived today,” Donovan says. 
“Yeah, sure, it’s just like you guys to keep shit like that from me.” 
“I swear, man,” Donovan says, holding his hands up in protest. 
Vincent chimes in and says, “That was some pretty funny shit when she got out of Brea’s car today. I had to do a double take when I saw her. When Sara introduced us, she didn’t recognize us from the club, I guess because she was so focused on you.” 
Sara and Brea come over and ask, “Are you guys hungry?” 
“Starving!” we all say. 
After everyone helps to set the food out, we refill our drinks and eat in a comfortable silence. Brea and Vincent sit together under the awning, Donovan and Sara eat together in back of the boat, and Angel and I take the front of the boat. The dolphins have returned and are diving in and out of the water, swimming near the boat. We watch them in complete fascination. No matter how many times I see dolphins, I never get tired of watching them. 
After lunch we all clean up and get ready to head back. 
Sara comes over and nudges me in my arm with her elbow. 
“Well?” she asks with a grin. 
“Well, what?” 
I know damn well what she wants to know. 
“Don’t be an ass. What do you think about her? Do you like her?” 
I really like her and would like to get to know her more, but I need to be very careful what I say to Sara. If I say too much, she’ll be planning our wedding and picking out baby names. 
Looking at her, I nod my head and say, “Yes, I do. She is very nice.” 
There, that should appease her. Not too much, just enough to keep her happy. 
She smiles at me and says, “Good,” and walks off. 
It’s already after 5 p.m. when we return to the marina. I jump off the boat first so Donovan can start unloading everything. He hands me the coolers, towels, and scuba gear, and I place everything neatly in piles. Vincent jumps off the boat and helps the girls down. When everyone is ready, the guys and I grab the scuba gear and coolers and head toward Vincent’s truck. 
Turning back towards the girls, I see that they are looking at me. 
I look at Donovan and Vincent like I’m missing something. 
I ask, “What am I missing with those girls?” 
No one answers. 
After loading up the truck, I walk over and kiss Brea on the cheek, then Sara. 
Sara stands on her tiptoes and whispers in my ear, “Ask Angel out,” then backs away smiling. 
I walk over to Donovan, shake his hand, and tell him his girl needs to relax a little. 
Donovan says, “Tell me about it. All she will want to talk about tonight is you and Angel.” 
Vincent reaches out for my hand. “We’ll have to do it again real soon.” 
I look over at Angel, who is smiling, and start to walk over to her when she says, “Come on, Handsome. I’ll walk you to your car.” She loops her arm around mine, and I lead the way. 
Brea says when we turn in the direction of my car, “We’re all going to the Bullseye Pistol Range next Saturday at 3 if you wanna come?” 
I turn to look at Angel and she looks at me and says, “Is she talking to you?” 
“No, she’s talking to you. What do you say, wanna go?” 
“Sure, it sounds like fun.” 
With a huge grin I say, “Good,” and yell back to Brea, “We will be there.” 
The girls let out a whoop, and I just shake my head and we keep walking. 
When we get to my car, she lets go of my arm. 
“I had a great time, Mason. Thank you.” 
“I did, too. Thank you for coming.” 
She looks down at the ground, kicking a stone like she is thinking about something. And I feel the need to say something or to get her off the hook about next week. Maybe she really doesn’t want to go. 
“Look, Angel, I think I need to apologize for my friends. They are really great people, but they sometimes get sidetracked with hooking me up. If they put you in a bind today, I am truly sorry. You don’t have to feel obligated to go next Saturday. The gun range isn’t for everybody.” 
There, that should do it. Now she can bow out graciously. 
She looks back to Sara and Brea and smiles. 
“Your friends really are great, and they love you and worry about you. You are very blessed to have people who love you like they do in your life. I really had a great time today.” She looks at me. “I have been thinking about learning to shoot anyway, so I would like to go next week, if that’s ok with you. If you would rather I not, I can cancel with them later this week. I can tell them I had a family emergency or something.” 
Shit, I totally misread her. 
“I would love to hang out with you again. Do you have a gun?” 
“No, do I need one?” 
“Well, if you want to shoot, you do. I have an extra one I’ll bring for you.” 
“Ok then, next week it is. I’ll see you at the range on Saturday,” she says as she walks away. 
“Ok, see you Saturday.” 
“Oh, Handsome, I almost forgot.” 
“What is it, Angel?” 
“Next week at the gun range, you better bring it.” 
“What? The gun?” 
“No, your game. I intend to beat your ass.” 
Laughing at me, she walks away. 
Did she just tell me to bring my game? Laughing to myself, I think, Oh, Angel, I intend to! Game on! 
All I can do is watch her as she heads back through the parking lot. She really is very beautiful. I have never met anyone quite like her before. I love her playfulness. I can honestly say that I am looking forward to next Saturday. 
Angel
Walking away from Mason towards Sara and Brea, I see that they are damn near giddy. 
“What is up with you guys?” 
“We’re just excited about next week, that’s all,” Brea nearly screams. 
“Really? Why are you so excited? It’s just a date, if you can call it that. You do know I’m not looking for anything serious, right?” 
We talked about this when they said they had a single friend they wanted me to meet. I made it crystal clear I am not ready for a relationship. Something tells me they could care less what I am ready for. 
“Yeah, yeah, we know. So what did you think of him? Good looking, right?” Sara says. 
“Yeah, he is totally good looking and nice, but that doesn’t change anything. I’m not ready for anything serious. I just want someone to hang out with.” 
Donovan and Vincent walk over. 
“We’re going to drop this stuff off, and then I’m heading home to shower,” Donovan says, looking at Sara. 
“Ok, I’ll be over in about an hour. Do you want me to rent a movie?” she asks sweetly. 
“Sounds good as long as it’s not a chick flick. I’ll get a pizza.” 
We all say our goodbyes and head home. 
I shower and make a salad for dinner. Grabbing a diet soda from the refrigerator, I head out to the lanai to eat. The sun is low in the horizon, and there is just enough breeze to make it cool enough to eat outside. 
Carl and Josephine are outside picking oranges from the trees in their yard. They are the sweetest people. 
When I arrived in Florida, the house was ready for my arrival, just as my aunt had said it would be. It was clean, the bed had fresh linens, and my grandmother’s handmade quilt was on the bed. The kitchen was stocked full of food, fresh fruits, vegetables, canned food, and meats. I knocked on their door and they knew me as soon as they saw me. Hugging me tightly, they told me how much I look like Aunt Rosie. They invited me in, made me lunch, and gave me the keys to the house and the car. I didn’t see a car in the driveway; it was in the garage. Carl told me he just took the car to get new tires and the oil changed. He had also filled the car up with gas and had it washed. I called Uncle Raúl and Aunt Maria to let them know I had arrived safely. 
Carl and Josephine call my name, bringing me from my thoughts. I wave to them and watch them as they inspect every orange before putting it into the basket. 
Heading inside, I decide to call it an early night and get to bed where sleeps finds me easily. 
The next morning, as I walk in to work, Sara and Brea are already there. 
“Good morning, Sunshine,” Brea gleams. 
“Well, good morning to you, too.” 
I hand them each a cup of coffee I picked up on my way to work this morning. 
“Just what I needed. Thank you,” Sara says. 
“Thank you so much. This will go great with the donuts over on my desk. Please help yourself,” Brea says. 
“You bought donuts? What about the no-carb diet you’ve been on?” I ask. 
“Oh, Sweet Jesus, I’ve been dying for carbs ever since I’ve been on that diet. I’m going to have to come up with something else. I love my sweets too much. Maybe I’ll try Weight Watchers? On that, you eat what you want in moderation, right, Sara?” 
Not answering her, Sara suggests, “You could always work out with me after work.” 
“Like that’s going to happen,” Brea says. 
“Ok, have it your way.” 
I laugh at the two of them. Brea is always trying some new fad diet, although she doesn’t need to. She is 5’4”, 130 pounds, with long red hair that cascades down her back in luscious waves, beautiful green eyes, and flawless porcelain skin. She is truly stunning. 
“I have no idea why you are always dieting. You are not fat by any means,” I tell her. 
Today she is wearing a just-above-the-knee emerald green dress with black heels. Very sophisticated. 
“Says you,” Brea replies. “You don’t have to look at this every day.” 
“Hello! We work with you every day and therefore we do see you on a daily basis, and I think you look fine,” Sara responds. 
“If you are so worried about your weight, why did you buy donuts this morning?” I ask confused. 
“I didn’t. Mason did.” 
I look around the room. Sara has her back to me, trying to hide her amusement, I’m certain. Brea is smiling at me, waiting on my response. 
“Well, that was nice of him,” I say, reaching over to grab a glazed donut from the box. 
Sara turns around and looks disappointed. She is the same height as but lighter than Brea, 5’4” and 110 pounds, with her short blond pixie haircut and sparkling blue eyes. She is wearing a white blouse with a grey pencil skirt and gray heels. 
“Don’t you want to know why he was here?” Sara deadpans. 
“No, not really,” I say. 
Although I am dying to know, I can’t let them know I am even a little bit interested or they will be planning my wedding and picking out baby names. 
The phone rings, and I clear my throat before answering it. 
“Saved by the bell,” I joke. “Hello, R.K. Insurance, Angel Perez speaking, how may I help you?” Hello? Hello? Anyone there? 
The day goes by smoothly. We all decide to order salads in for lunch. Sara pulls out some Italian salad dressing from the refrigerator in the back room. Sara and Brea won’t use any other dressing. They swear Adornetto’s Salad Dressing from Zanesville, Ohio, is the best they have ever had. I agree. They order it by the case. After lunch, we work and talk about how they met the loves of their lives. 
Brea met Vincent through a mutual friend, just a little over a year ago. They hit it off right away and have been exclusive ever since. They live separately, although they stay together at his place every night. I just met him the other day and he seems really sweet. He is 6 feet tall and 200 lbs, with dark brown hair and brown eyes. He has a very muscular build. I guess in his line of work, you would have to be muscular. Construction isn’t for lightweights. 
Sara met Donovan on a blind date that Brea and Vincent set them up on. They went to a college football game. The Florida Gators were playing the Florida State Seminoles in Gainesville. Having graduated from the University of Florida, Donovan is a diehard Gators fan. Sara is a Seminoles fan just because she thinks the quarterback is good looking. 
On that first date, Donovan showed up sporting a Gator jersey with a Gator ball cap. When Brea knocked on Sara’s door before the date, Sara answered the door wearing a Seminoles jersey with a Seminole Indian painted on her left cheek and she was holding a pair of garnet and gold pom-poms. Sara beamed at her before jumping off the porch and heading towards the car. Brea said she couldn’t stop laughing at the two of them and all the bickering they did throughout the entire game. After the game, they went out for pizza and beer and realized they had a lot of things in common. To this day Donovan swears he’s going to make a Gators fan out of her yet. 
Donovan is almost six feet tall and more slender than the other guys. He has sandy blond hair and piercing blue eyes. Donovan and Sara are both very athletic and work out together several times a week, and they occasionally run marathons or half-marathons together on the weekends. 
Calling it a night, Sara invites me to go to the gym. I decline. Brea is heading home to get caught up on laundry and some cleaning. They invite me to join them in a cooking class they signed up for featuring Indian cuisine. Sounds like fun — now that’s something I am interested in. They give me the name and number of the restaurant offering the cooking class so I can call and reserve my spot. 
“See you guys tomorrow,” I say while locking up. 
I stop by the Publix Grocery Store on my way home and then stop at Red Box to rent About Time. Not ready to go home, I make a detour on my way home and stop by the beach. I remove my shoes, lock up my car, and head to the water. The sand is so soft, almost like baby powder, and it’s always cool to the touch. I understand why Siesta Key is rated the #1 beach in the U.S. The beach is packed, even at this time of day. I walk a short distance and let the water lap over my feet. I pick up a few rocks and seashells to add to my sea-treasure collection at home. 
After the sun sets over the water, I head home. I wash the rocks and seashells and set them in the hurricane glass near the entryway. I put the groceries away. Looking for something to eat, I decide on a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant, a peach and a water. The knock at the door startles me. I look out the peephole and see Josephine standing there holding a glass pitcher. I open the door with a smile on my face. 
“Well, hello, Mrs. Morgan. Please come in.” 
“Angel, dear, I hope I’m not intruding.” 
“Don’t be silly. Please come in.” 
She steps into the house and hands me a pitcher of orange juice. 
“Here’s some orange juice, dear. Carl and I made way too much. We picked all the oranges that were ripe and there is no way we can drink all the juice we made.” 
“Wow, thank you. I really appreciate it,” I say honestly, taking the pitcher from her hands. “Why did you make so much?” 
“I just hate letting all those perfectly good oranges rot. Just because they are free and grow in our backyard is no reason to let them go to waste. I guess next week we should take some over to the food bank. I’m sure they can put them to good use.” 
“That is a great idea.” 
“Well, dear, I really need to get back. Carl and I are playing Scrabble tonight. If I don’t get over there, he’ll start hiding all the good letters. That man just can’t be trusted.” 
She laughs. 
“Well, ok. Thank you so much. I’ll return the pitcher when I’m done.” 
“There’s no hurry, dear.” 
Looking at the fresh fruit basket on the table, she says, “If you ever want any fruit, please help yourself. I just hate seeing all those delicious oranges go to waste.” 
“Thank you, Mrs. Morgan. I will do that if you’re sure you don’t mind.” 
“Please call me Josephine, and of course I don’t mind.” 
She pats my hand before leaving and tells me to have a wonderful evening. I watch her walk through the front yard until she enters her house and is out of view. Closing the door, I lock both locks, secure the chain and turn on the porch light on. I put the juice in the refrigerator and finish my dinner. 
I clean up the kitchen, shower, and settle down to watch a movie. 
It’s Wednesday before I know it. The workweek is flying by. Sara has plans after work tonight and Vincent has to work late. Brea seems bummed out about it. Brea and I make plans to have dinner and drinks after work. 
“So, what are you doing tonight after work?” Brea asks Sara. 
Looking at her fingernails, she says, “I joined a new yoga class this week.” 
“Do you ever get tired of exercising?” 
“No, not really. It’s very relaxing.” 
She bites her fingernails and looks at the floor. 
“Where’s the class at?” 
“Um, downtown,” Sara says vaguely. 
Mmmm … something is off. Sara’s answers are short and abrupt. She’s not making eye contact with Brea. She seems to be hiding something. I make a mental note to ask her if everything is ok when we are alone. 
“Since when did exercising become relaxing? If I was going to relax, I would curl up on the coach with a bag of chips and some Ho Hos,” Brea says, laughing. 
We all laugh at Brea’s statement. She really can be quite funny when she wants to be. 
Wanting to change the subject, I say, “Hey, I forgot to tell you. I called and got a spot in the cooking class tomorrow night.” 
Sara claps her hands together, and Brea runs over and hugs me. 
Mission accomplished. Sara’s plans for tonight are forgotten. 
“I am so excited you got in,” Brea says eagerly. “We are going to have so much fun.” 
We lock up and Sara heads to her yoga class and Brea and I head to the Daiquiri Deck on Siesta Key. We use valet parking because it’s easier. You can never find parking on the island this time of year. The Daiquiri Deck has live entertainment on the patio tonight. A guitarist is playing and singing calypso music. 
“Let’s sit over there,” Brea talks over the music, pointing to a corner highball table. 
The hostess looks over at the empty table and nods, “That’s fine, follow me.” 
We sit and look around. The pub is pretty busy for a Wednesday. 
“You have to try their mojitos. They are the best around.” 
“Sounds good to me.” 
The waitress comes over and we order mojitos and an appetizer of calamari. 
We scan the menu when I hear a familiar voice. I peek over my menu to see Mason and Donovan talking to the hostess. The hostess is flirting with both of them and pats Mason gently on his arm. Oh, please! Damn if Mason doesn’t look yummy. He’s wearing board shorts, a worn white tee shirt, and flip-flops. Donovan is in a suit and tie. Removing his jacket and loosening his tie, he nods to the hostess in our direction. I duck behind the menu and pray they don’t see us. I wasn’t planning on seeing Mason until Saturday. Shit, shit, shit! 
At that moment Brea lays her menu down and says she‘s going to have the cheeseburger and fries. I don’t look at her. I am still hiding behind the menu and praying that the guys have already walked past us and didn’t see her. 
“Hey, what are you guys doing here?” she asks. 
Damn, too late! 
Looking up from my menu, I try to look surprised. 
“Hi,” I say. 
I look at Donovan and then at Mason, who is looking right at me and is smiling that beautiful dimple smile of his. 
“I had court in Sarasota today and decided to meet Mason for a drink.” 
“Mind if we join you?” Mason asks, pulling out a chair next to me. 
“What would you do if we said that yes, we mind?” 
I laugh at him for sitting down before we answer. 
“Join you anyway.” 
“Well, in that case, please have a seat.” 
He is also laughing. 
Donovan sits down next to Brea and rolls his shirt sleeves up. 
“Have you ordered yet?” Donovan asks. 
“Just drinks and appetizers. But I’m going to order the cheeseburger and fries for dinner,” Brea says. 
“Off your diet, I see,” Mason says, leaning forward to get a better view of her. 
“Yes, Mason, I fell off that chuck wagon this morning when someone came into the office with donuts. Thank you very much.” 
“You’re welcome very much,” he says, laughing and sitting back. 
I look over at him as he is studying the menu. 
“Yes, thank you for the donuts. They were delicious,” I say, still looking at him. 
He looks up from his menu, winks at me, and says, “You’re welcome, Angel,” before looking back down to study his menu again. 
I could melt when he says my name. It just rolls off his tongue like melted butter. He makes it sound like a pet name or nickname instead of my given name. Shit, Angel, get a grip! 
The waitress comes over with our drinks. Brea and I both order the cheeseburger platters and the guys order rum and cokes and the fish and chips. 
“I’m surprised to see you two here today,” Mason says. 
“Why’s that?” I ask, looking over at him. 
“Being a workday, I guess I thought you would still be at the office.” 
“We would have been if Sara didn’t have that yoga class today,” Brea states. 
Donovan nods and says, “Yoga, yeah, that’s right.” He looks at Mason and smiles. 
What is up with these two? Brea didn’t seem to notice, so maybe it’s just my imagination. 
“I’ve never been here before, and Brea claims they have the best mojitos around.” 
“Well, do they?” Mason asks. 
Taking another sip of my drink, I lick my lips while looking at him and say, “They do. Would you like a taste, Handsome?” 
I lean in closer and offer my drink to him. 
As he reaches out to take the glass from my hand, the waitress shows up with the guys’ drinks and the appetizer. I pull my hand back to make room at the table for the drinks and the calamari. Mason looks over at me, and I shrug my shoulders and smile sweetly while placing the straw to my lips. I swear I think I just heard him groan. 
We talk among the four of us, finish off the calamari, and order another round before our food arrives. 
I look over at Brea, who has her phone in her hand and is looking at the screen and punching numbers. She is texting Vincent, no doubt. 
I look around the bar and notice that women are staring at these two handsome men at our table. Both Donovan and Mason seem oblivious to the stares each of them is getting. Even the waitress about fell over Donovan trying to reach his empty glass. 
Our food arrives, and we eat and listen to the music in comfortable silence. I really need to stop flirting with him. I am not in a place in my life to open up to anyone. If I get involved with him, sooner or later he’s going to start asking questions about my family and what brought me to the area. I am just not ready to share that part of my life with anyone. It would be easy if he weren’t so damn good looking. God, I get weak in my knees just looking at him. Looks aren’t everything. Maybe he’ll turn out to be a total ass. That’s it, he’s probably an ass. Let’s hope so. 
“How does that sound to you, Angel?” 
“What, I’m sorry, what? I didn’t hear you.” 
“How about after we go to the shooting range on Saturday we head over to my house for a cookout? Is that something you would be interested in?” Donovan asks. 
“Sure, sounds like fun. Should you check with Sara first — maybe she has plans?” 
“Actually, it was her idea. I’m surprised she didn’t mention it to you guys yet.” 
“She may have had something on her mind,” Mason says, looking over at Donovan. 
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s it,” Donovan says. 
The waitress comes back and clears the table and lays the check next to Mason. I dig into my purse for some money, but when I look up, Mason is already handing the waitress his credit card. 
“Here, how much is it?” I ask, handing him a fifty. 
Looking at me like I just did cartwheels, he pushes my hands back to me and tells me he already took care of it. 
“You don’t have to do that, please take this. I want to help with the bill.” 
“No chance, Angel, it’s on me. Anytime you’re with me, it’s on me.” 
I hope he can’t see the goose bumps on my arms. I tuck the money back into my purse and thank him. Fat chance of him being an asshole. God, I’m going to be in trouble with this man. 
Brea looks at me from her phone and says, “Give it up, there’s no use in fighting. It’s a losing battle. These guys always pay. Just say thank you and get used to it.” 
“Thank you, Mason.” 
“Anytime, Beauty.” 
Mason settles up the bill, Donovan leaves the tip. Standing, Donovan and Mason scoot our chairs out for us and wait with us at the valet. I rode over with Brea, since the office is so close. 
We all say our goodbyes with hugs. I feel like I’ve been a part of this group my whole life. Even with their significant others missing, they still hug each other. No jealousy in this group. Nothing but respect. I’m not used to that. 
Mason and Donovan stand near the valet until Brea and I pull off. 
That night, I shower and curl up in bed with my romance novel. My phone dings that I have a text message. 
Mason
Donovan and I watch the girls leave the Daiquiri Deck in silence. Once they are out of sight, I turn to Donovan and thank him for meeting me. We make plans to play racquetball tomorrow evening since the girls have a cooking class after work. 
“Get ahold of Vincent,” Donovan says. “I’m sure that after ring shopping today he will need some stress relief.” 
“No doubt.” 
I drive home, shower, and grab a Scotch and head out to sit on the patio. The condo overlooks the Sarasota Bay and the Unconditional Surrender sculpture. I love this view. The statue damn near glows under the lights, and the reflection of the moon on the bay is truly breathtaking. The main reason I bought this condo is the view. Day or night, it is always beautiful. Unconditional Surrender sculpture was created from a photo of a sailor kissing a nurse in Times Square in 1945, when they announced World War II was over. Standing at 25 feet, it is truly magnificent. 
I’m sitting in the chair drinking my Scotch and tapping Angel’s business card against the arm of the chair. The sneaky bastard that I am, I showed up at her work early this morning with donuts. Donuts! Can you fucking believe that? Donuts, of all things! What was I thinking? I have never, ever shown up at the girls’ insurance company before. Like a dog in heat, here I am. I make some lame excuse about needing some business cards to take to the hospital for some coworkers looking to get cheaper rates. Now, I sound like a damn Geico commercial. I waltz my happy ass over to Angel’s desk and take some of her business cards off her desk. 
“These will do,” I say. 
Having what I came for, I make my escape quickly before Angel walks in. 
I think about how she looked sitting at the pub tonight. She was still dressed in her business clothes, and I couldn’t take my eyes off her. She was wearing a light blue above-the-knee skirt, white sleeveless blouse, and black heels. Sitting at the table with her legs crossed revealing just enough of her legs to show off that gorgeous tan. Still tapping the card nervously, I debate whether to text her. I take another drink of my Scotch. If she wanted me to have her number, she would have given it to me; instead, I get it from her business card that I took from her desk. How am I going to explain that? 
I reach for my phone and type. 
M: Angel, It was great seeing you tonight. I am looking forward to Saturday. 
I wait unsure to send it or not. I tap the card against the phone. Fuck it, I hit send. As I wait for her reply, I swear my heart is going to pound out of my chest. My phone dings that I have a new message. 
A: Mason …? Is that you? 
M: The one and only. 
A: Do I need to ask how you how you got my number? 
Shit … think Mason, think! Be honest or at least partly honest. 
M: I got it when I was in the office today. 
That’s true. 
A: Mmmm, I see. 
M: Mmmm, what’s that supposed to mean? 
A: Just a little odd that you end up with my business card. I thought you came in to drop off donuts. 
M: I did. I grabbed some business cards while I was there for a couple people at work. 
That’s true, too. 
A: I see…. Isn’t that sweet of you. 
M: You don’t sound convinced. 
A: I’m not. I think you’re a little sneaky. 
Well, she could have called me a stalker. I’ll take sneaky. 
M: lol… I’ve been called many things in my life, but sneaky is not one of them. 
A: Well, let me be the first. 
M: Ouch. That stings. 
A: Good night, Mason. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
A: Mason? 
M: Angel? 
A: Just so you know, if you wanted my number, all you had to do was ask for it. ;) 
Is that ;) an emoticon? Mmmm. She’s winking at me. Good. I like that. 
M: You mean I could have saved myself $10 on donuts? 
A: Don’t be an ass. 
M: Ok, I’m sorry. 
Smiling like an idiot, I charge my phone, lock up the condo and head to bed. I am working dayshift in the morning at Sarasota Memorial. 
Later, I wait outside the gym beside my car for Donovan and Vincent to show up. It’s been a long grueling day at the hospital. I am excited to get in there to burn off some of this energy. The charge nurse, Carla, was there waiting for me with a hot cup of coffee in hand. Someone must have told her I was a bear in the mornings, if I didn’t get my caffeine fix first. I need to thank them. She is a smart girl for listening. I didn’t think the day was going to end. It was nonstop all day. Leaving work, I grab a water, a granola bar, and a banana from the cafeteria to eat on my way here. Donovan texted to tell me Vincent didn’t look good and that he keeps mumbling about rejection and heartbreak. 
Donovan and Vincent pull up and get out of the car. Vincent looks like he could throw up. 
“What in the hell is wrong with you?” I say, looking right at Vincent. 
“I spent three hours last night in a jewelry store shopping for an engagement ring for Brea,” he says, irritated. 
“How was it?” 
“Really? How do you think it was? It sucked, that’s how it was.” 
Completely confused, I ask, “Sara wasn’t able to help you?” 
“No, Sara was a big help,” he says, running his hands through his hair. 
I look over at Donovan, who shrugs his shoulders, and then I look back at Vincent. 
“If she was a big help, I’m not getting what’s wrong with you. You didn’t find a ring?” 
Vincent looks at me like I just kicked his puppy. 
“Sara and I found a ring that we are certain is perfect for Brea. It’s beautiful. It’s a two-carat, princess-cut diamond, set in a platinum and gold band. Just stunning. I bought the ring and gave them her size. I can pick the ring up next week.” 
“That’s great, so what’s the problem?” I still don’t have a clue to what’s eating him. “Have you changed your mind?” 
“I am going to propose to the most beautiful woman in the world. I swear Brea was made just for me. She is perfect, sweet, caring, and everything I have ever wanted. I want to live every single day of my life with her. I want her to have my babies. I swear I’m a better man because of her,” he says while he tries to pull his hair from his head. 
What in the hell is wrong with him? Say something, Mason. Think, think. 
“Vincent, she feels the same way about you,” I say. “All she did last night was text you. She is a great girl and you guys get along so well together.” 
“What if she says no?” 
“That’s what you’re worried about?” Donovan asks. “That you’ll propose and she’ll turn you down?” 
“Yeah, she’s the only girl who can rip my heart out of my chest. It will kill me if she says no. What if it’s too soon? What if she’s not ready?” 
“You have nothing to worry about. She damn near lives with you now. There is no way she will say no. Honestly, Vincent, if that ring is as nice as you say it is, she’ll say yes just to get the ring,” Donovan says while slapping Vincent on the back. 
We all burst out laughing. 
“Come on, I’m gonna kick both of your asses in racquetball. I’m feeling lucky today.” Donovan says. “Who’s playing me first?” 
“Good luck with that,” Vincent says before opening up his water and taking a generous drink. 
After five or six games of racquetball and two beers, we are all more relaxed and in a better frame of mind. We joke about different ways Vincent can propose to Brea, none of which he is interested in, but it got some laughs all the same. We talk about the half-marathon that Sara and Donovan are training for. We talk about the gun range on Saturday and the cookout that will follow. 
Saying our goodbyes, we all agree on meeting at the gun range on Saturday. 
“Vincent, I’ll meet you at the beach house tomorrow,” I say. “I have a few ideas about the kitchen and master bedroom that I would like to discuss.” 
“Sounds good. I’ll be there a little after 4 o’clock,” Vincent says. 
Lying in bed later, I hear my phone ding with an alert of a text message. Certain it’s Vincent to rub in what a badass he is for beating me in racquetball, I grab my phone with a grin on my face. Looking at my phone, I am shocked and I swear my heart dances a tango when I see Angel’s name. 
I read the message. 
A: Good night, Handsome. 
Wow… that’s a shocker. She’s thinking about me. This day just got better. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
I wake up well before the alarm … again. I decide I need to get a run in before work this morning. I have been slacking off the last few weeks and my body is feeling it. I put on some running shorts and shirt, grab my MP3 player, headphones, and a bottle of water and head out to the Ringling Brothers Bridge for my routine run. It is just before sunrise and already several people are out there exercising. The sun is just starting to rise over the horizon. It just feels like it’s going to be a great day. 
I stretch, turn the music up, and let my feet pound into the ground. Trying to clear my thoughts, I focus on my breathing. I set my pace and listen to the music. 
Panting and sweating, I walk the short distance home. I down another bottle of water, turn the music on the surround sound, and shower. My thoughts automatically go to Angel. She is all I have been thinking of lately. Tomorrow can’t come soon enough for me. 
I meet with a Realtor after work to view some potential office space for my practice. I have narrowed it down to only a few locations. Dad and I have plans Sunday to look at them. I really want his opinion before I commit to something so big. He was a successful businessman, being a lawyer at his own private law firm before being elected as Common Pleas Judge. He knows the area better than anyone. 
After setting up a time on Sunday with the Realtor, I head over to the beach house to see how the renovations are coming along there. Vincent is there doing some work. I tell him the changes I would like done to the master suite and kitchen. The beach house looks great and everything is coming along as planned. It should be ready sometime next month. 
I have dinner plans with my parents, so I text Mom and tell her I am running a few minutes late and not to worry. 
I walk into Ruth’s Chris Steak House on Tamiami Trail and see my parents immediately. My parents have been married for 30 years and are still madly in love. My mother is a very attractive woman with the biggest heart of anyone I have ever known. She is 5’3” and slim with shoulder-length light brown hair and green eyes. My father is a tall, handsome gentleman, 6’2”, with brown eyes and brown hair graying at the temples. People say I resemble my father, while Madison, my sister, looks like my mother. 
I am met by the hostess, who already knows me. 
“Hi, Mason, it’s lovely to see you again. Please follow me. Your parents have already been seated.” 
“Thank you, Lori, it’s great seeing you again, too,” I say, smiling, and I follow her into the next room. 
As soon as my father sees me, he stands, buttoning up his jacket and leans in to hug me. My father never shakes my hand. He reserves that for nonfamily members. My father hugs me every single time he sees me, no matter where we are. My mother remains seated, and I lean down to kiss her on her cheek. She reaches her hand up to my face and pats my cheek ever so lightly. 
“I have missed you, Mason. How are you?” 
I smile at her with all the love and adoration a man can have for his mother. 
“I have missed you, too. I’m fine, working and trying to get this practice up and running.” 
My mother, Lilly, was a stay-at-home mother to Madison and me. She was on her way to becoming a renowned artist when she and my father married. She continued painting and selling her artwork until I was born, and then she devoted all of her time to her husband and child. She never once regretted her decision to give up her career for her family. 
My father, Bruce, is currently a Common Pleas Judge in Manatee County. He worked hard so my mother could stay at home to raise the kids. He had a private practice in family law before being elected as judge. They bought a house on Long Boat Key when they were married and still live there today. He had a detached glass building built just for my mother. She thought it was a greenhouse. One day while my mother was away, he had moved all of her art supplies into the building along with some of his old dress shirts she wore as smocks. When she came home, my father blindfolded her and walked her out into her new art room. It was all glass so my mother had a view of the water while she painted. The water is her inspiration. She loved to paint the water, boats, and sunsets. Madison and I could see her through the windows; she was crying with joy and my father was wiping away her tears with the pads of his thumbs, while looking into her eyes. 
My mother is a very talented artist, but she is also very sloppy. She would never wear a smock to paint in but would instead wear my father’s old tailor-made dress shirts. He would come home from work to find her painting away wearing his shirt. She told him she wears his shirt so she can feel close to him when he’s not home. 
I sit down across from my father at a 4-top table. The restaurant is very elegant, with white linen tablecloths and the soft glow of candlelight reflecting off every table. Music from a piano is softly coming from the piano bar in the other room. This is a favorite place of my parents, so we come here often. Ozzy has been playing the piano here for years. 
“I am sorry I’m late,” I say honestly. I hate to make my parents wait for me. “I had to meet with the Realtor about some properties, and then I had meet up with Vincent at the beach house to discuss some changes with the renovations.” 
“That’s ok, son. We didn’t wait long. How does the beach house look?” my father asks. 
“It looks great. We made a few minor changes in the kitchen and master suite, but other than that, everything’s good. It should be completed sometime next month.” 
The server comes over to take our drink and appetizer order. My father orders three shrimp cocktails, a bottle of champagne, and two dry martinis. My mother loves champagne and although she will drink only part of the bottle, my father always orders it for her. 
My father turns his attention back to me and says, “That is great news. Are we set up with a time to view the offices with the Realtor on Sunday?” 
“We are meeting him there at 11. I was thinking I would just pick you up and we can drive over together, if that’s ok?” 
“Sounds wonderful, dear,” my mother says. “You and your father can use some alone time together.” 
“So there you have it,” Dad says. 
“I’ll see you around 10:30 then?” 
“Sounds great.” 
“Mom, would you like to come with us?” I ask, knowing damn good and well what the answer will be. Mom wants no part of looking at empty office space, but she will make it look like she’s letting Dad and I bond. 
“Oh, no, dear. Madison and I are helping out at the soup kitchen after church on Sunday. Thank you, but you and your father go on without me. You need that time together.” 
Our drinks and appetizers arrive, and we order dinner. My father reaches over to fill my mother’s champagne glass; she smiles at him adoringly and thanks him. He winks at her before replacing the champagne bottle back into the ice. I swear she is blushing. 
That is the kind of relationship I want. A long-lasting, loving one. My father taught me as a young man to respect a woman like you would your mother, protect her like your daughter, and love her like your wife. Words I will always live by. I hope to pass that same wisdom on to my own son one day. 
Conversation flows easily through dinner. Mom speaks of her new painting she is working on. Dad talks a little about work but never speaks about trials in his courtroom. I tell them about my job and what a wonderful staff we have there. I tell them Sara and Brea fixed me up on a blind date and we are doing something tomorrow. We all have coffee and pass on dessert. 
After dinner, Dad pulls Mom’s chair out for her and she links her arm in his. The valet has our cars waiting and we say our goodbyes. 
Chapter Two: Good Friends and Good Times
Angel
I shower and curl up in bed with my romance novel and read about Jake and Kaye in Paradise Taken. My phone chimes that I have an incoming text message. I reach over and grab my cell phone off the table. I look at the text and it’s from a number I don’t recognize. I read the text. 
M: Angel, it was great seeing you tonight. I am looking forward to Saturday. 
OMG… My heart starts to pound. Mason? Can’t be. He doesn’t have my number. How can this be? 
A: Mason …? Is that you? 
I type nervously, waiting for his reply. Damn, now my hands are starting to sweat. Get a grip, Angel, I tell myself like I’ll actually listen. 
M: The one and only. 
Damn Sara and Brea. I should have known. 
A: Do I need to ask how you how you got my number? 
M: I got it when I was in the office today. 
Yep, Sara and Brea. 
A: Mmmm, I see. 
M: Mmmm, what’s that supposed to mean? 
A: I thought you came in to drop off donuts? 
M: I did. While I was there, I grabbed some business cards for a couple people I work with. 
A: I see…. Isn’t that sweet of you. 
M: You don’t sound convinced. 
A: I’m not. I think you’re a little sneaky. 
Yep, he is definitely sneaky. I’ll have to remember that. If he had asked me for my number, I would have gladly given it to him. 
M: lol … I’ve been called many things in my life, but sneaky has never been one of them. 
A: Well, let me be the first. 
M: Ouch. That stings. 
Laughing to myself, I love that he is starting to loosen up a little. I knew he had a playful side. 
A: Good night, Mason. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
A: Mason? 
M: Angel? 
A: If you wanted my number, all you had to do was ask for it. ;) 
M: You mean I could have saved myself $10 on donuts? 
A: Don’t be an ass. 
M: Ok, I’m sorry. 
If he was wondering if I was interested in him, he knows now. Smiling ear to ear, I settle deep into the blankets and read my romance book. That’s what I need right now, a little romance. If not in my life, then I will have to read about it in someone else’s life. 
I wake up before the alarm, shower, and have my coffee and read the paper on the lanai. Saturday will be here before I know it and I have a plan of what I want to wear to the shooting range. I need to head over to the novelty shop today and see if they can help me out. 
I walk into work. Sara and Brea are already there, standing beside the coffee maker chatting. 
“I always feel like I’m late when I get here,” I say seriously. “What time did you guys get here?” 
“We just got here. Still waiting on the coffee,” Brea says, holding her coffee cup upside down, to show me it’s empty. 
“Good, I was worried I had missed something.” 
“Nope, we are just talking about the cooking class today after work,” Sara beams. “I am so excited we are taking it together.” 
“Me, too,” Brea and I say together. 
We all fill our coffee cups and get to work. 
Around lunchtime there is a food delivery at the door. We each look at each other in confusion since none of us ordered food. Brea goes to the door and signs for the delivery. She pulls a few dollars from her desk drawer for a tip and hands it to the delivery guy. The delivery is from our favorite deli down the road, Anna’s Deli. Brea opens the first box, in which are three deli sandwiches. She lays the sandwiches on the table, opens the second bag, and pulls out a card with her name on it. Looking confused, she opens it and reads it to herself. She starts to smile so big that I think her face will split in half. She holds the card to her chest and closes her eyes. Sara stands up, walks over to her, and peeks inside the bag. She pulls out another box. Sara opens the box and picks up the biggest, most beautiful cupcake I have ever seen. It is white with a big red beautiful rose made from icing on top. Brea starts laughing. In shock, I walk over to Sara and Brea and look inside the box at the cupcakes. They are so elegant and beautiful, and they smell so delicious. All the cupcakes are made to look like different kind of flowers. 
“Oh, my God, he sent you a bouquet of cupcakes!” I say. 
We all take a deep breath and release it with a moan. 
“I already know who sent us lunch and dessert,” Sara says. 
“Well, I can assume it’s from Vincent because of the way Brea is still hugging the card.” 
“He knows how much I love Cakes and Cups Bakery in Bradenton. The cupcakes are to die for; actually, everything in their bakery is mouth-wateringly delicious.” 
“Hand it over, Brea,” Sara says, holding her hand out for the card. 
“It’s just an apology for him having to work late last night,” Brea beams, handing over her note. 
Brea, A beautiful bouquet of edible cupcakes for my beautiful girl. Please forgive me for not being with you last night. I love you, Cupcake, more than life. Love, Vincent. 
“Aw, that is so sweet and he calls you Cupcake,” I say. 
Licking the icing off her fingers, Sara says, “Well, tell him he can work late all the time as long as he apologizes with these delicious babies.” 
“How did he get Anna’s Deli to deliver the cupcakes from Cakes and Cups?” I ask. 
“Vincent knows everybody. He probably did some work for Anna’s Deli, and called in a favor,” Brea says. 
Brea reads the card again and places it on her desk. “I’ll be right back, I’m going to call Vincent and thank him.” 
She grabs her cellphone and heads to the back room. 
I look at Sara. “Are you all right?” 
“Yes, why?” 
“Because last night when Brea asked where you were going after work, I sensed something was wrong.” 
“Oh, that. I didn’t have a yoga class to go to.” 
“You didn’t?” 
“No, can you keep a secret?” 
“Yes, of course I can.” 
“I went with Vincent last night to help him pick out an engagement ring for Brea,” she says, smiling ear to ear. 
My smile matches hers now. 
“Oh, my God! That is awesome. I am so excited for her.” 
“I know — me, too. I couldn’t tell her and I hate lying to her.” 
“I get that. This is big.” 
Just then, Brea walks back into the room smiling, too. 
“Let’s eat. I’m starving,” she says. 
We eat together, pulling our chairs around Brea’s desk. The smell of the cupcakes makes my mouth water. God, they smell so good. Vincent is a smart man to apologize to Brea with sweets. She has the worst sweet tooth of anyone I know. We talk about the cooking class we have after work tonight. We talk about going to the shooting range on Saturday. Sara says she and Donovan are training for a half-marathon this summer. 
I tell them about taking some online classes so I can get my degree in interior design. After calling the school, I had found out I am only a few classes shy of graduating with my degree. I don’t tell them the reason I had to withdraw from class — they don’t need to know that. 
I also don’t share that I would like to start my own business soon after. I can tell them later. 
They ask me if I have heard from Mason. I tell them I did receive a text message from him last night. They look at each other and high five. I just roll my eyes at them. 
I look directly at both of them and say, “You didn’t tell me he took my business card while he was here.” 
“We asked if you wanted to know why he was here and you said no. Ring a bell?” Sara states. 
“Ok, you got me there.” 
I smile, looking at my shoes. I swear I can feel the heat rising in my cheeks. 
“So, what did he say?” Sara asks. 
“Nothing really, just that he is looking forward to Saturday.” 
Before they can question me any further, I tell them I need to run over to the novelty shop to check on something. 
I still have a few minutes left of my lunch hour. I excuse myself after helping everyone clean up and run down to the novelty shop that is just a few doors down. I am surprised to see they are able to help me with my request and can have it ready by the end of the workday. I pay for my purchase and tell them I will pick it up later. 
When I return to the office, Brea tells me someone called for me. They didn’t leave a message but will call me later. We work nonstop the rest of the day. After locking up, I tell the girls I will meet them at the restaurant. I run down to the store, pick up my purchase, and drive to the Indian restaurant in downtown Sarasota. They are standing outside the door waiting on me when I get there. We walk in together, giddy like some schoolgirls. 
The class was fun, and I actually learned a lot for the first day. It’s only a six-week cooking class every Thursday. Today we learned about different knives and how to chop, cut, and dice the correct way. We learned about spices and other seasonings. Next week we will actually make a dish. 
We walk out of the restaurant together and I head home. I pull unto my dimly lit street and there is a dark SUV sitting in the other side of the Morgans’ driveway. I was going to return their orange juice pitcher tonight, but I will wait until tomorrow since they have company. 
I double-lock the front door, secure the chain and get ready for bed. As I lie in bed, my mind drifts back to Mason. I grab my phone and send him a quick text before I chicken out. 
A: Good night, Handsome. 
Damn, why does this make me so nervous? It’s just a text. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
I fall into a deep sleep. 
I wake up, startled. I sit up in bed with my back against the headboard and listen. Something woke me up, but what? A noise? I pull the blankets up to my chin and take shallow breaths. I’m afraid someone will hear me if I breathe normally. I sit there and listen … nothing. I debate getting out of bed and looking around, but I am too frightened to move. What woke me up? I then hear the Morgans’ cat outside my bedroom window. Relieved that it must have been the cat, I lie back into bed and wait for sleep to find me. 
Morning comes quickly. I wake up at 6:30, shower, and get ready for work. I pick a few oranges from the Morgans’ orange tree before heading to work. I am thankful it’s Friday. It has been a very long week. 
I park my car in my designated parking spot. I am the first one here for a change. I turn the lights on in the office and start the coffee. 
As I am sorting through some papers on my desk, Sara and Bree enter at the same time. 
“Good morning, Sunshine,” Bree says, heading to the coffee maker. 
“In high school, I would have loved to be as popular as that coffee maker,” I say, smiling. 
“Me, too,” Brea adds, laughing. 
“Ready to get this day over with?” Sara asks. 
“You know it,” I say. “It has been one long week.” 
We work well into the afternoon. Brea had to leave to meet with a client. Sara and I stay at the office to handle the billing and phone calls. Sara pulls out two protein bars from her desk and tosses one at me while asking, “Lunch?” 
“Thank you,” I say, catching the bar in midflight. We eat in silence. 
“What a day!” Sara says, kicking her feet up on her desk. “I have never been so busy in all my life.” 
“Whew, I’m ready to call it a night,” I say, spinning my chair around to look at her. “I’m beat.” 
“Me, too. Let’s lock up and head home,” she says, standing up to get the coffee pot ready for Monday. 
We lock up and go outside. Brea pulls up into the parking lot. 
“So, we are meeting at the gun range tomorrow, right?” Bree says, rolling down her car window. She’s just getting back from her meeting as Sara and I are getting ready to leave for the night. 
“Yes, ma’am, at 3,” I say. 
“Good, then everyone is coming over to Donovan’s house afterwards for a cookout,” Sara says. 
“What do you want me to bring?” I ask. 
“Nothing, Donovan will have everything. He has a pool and a hot tub, so you might want to bring your swimsuit.” 
“Sounds good. See you girls tomorrow,” I say, driving off. 
I stop by and get a pizza on my way home. All I want to do is eat and soak in a hot bubble bath. I think about going to the gun range tomorrow and the importance of knowing how to protect myself. I have wanted to learn how to shoot ever since being in an abusive relationship. Tomorrow is my chance to learn how to protect myself. I cuddle up on the coach with a chick flick and a glass of wine. My phone chimes to alert me I have an incoming text. I look at my phone, secretly hoping it’s from Mason. 
M: Looking forward tomorrow. Do you need a ride? 
A: No, but thank you. I’ll meet you there. 
M: Do you know where Bullseye Pistol Range is in Palmetto? 
A: Yes, I have the address. I’ll put it in my GPS, thanks. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
A: Good night, Mason. 
A: Mason? 
M: Angel? 
I am giggling to myself. I love it when he answers me with a question. It shows me a little of his playful side. 
A: I’m looking forward to tomorrow, too. 
M: Good, we’ll have a great time. Drive safely. 
M: Angel? 
A: Mason? 
M: Don’t forget the bikini. ;). 
A: Good night, Mason. 
I sleep in until 9. It is another beautiful day. I help myself to the fruit from the Morgans’ orange and grapefruit trees. I can see Josephine at the kitchen window and wave to her. Deciding it’s too nice to stay home, I put on some running shorts, a sports bra, and tennis shoes. I grab a water and my iPod and walk the short distance to the beach. I run until I can’t run anymore. 
I shower, dry my hair, apply my makeup, and add just a little extra curl to my hair. I apply my favorite scent of lotion and add a little extra body spray. I put on a pair of black, lace boy cut panties and matching bra. Not that anyone will see them, but it makes me feel better wearing them. I look at the clothes I have laid across my bed. Smiling, I am ever so happy with my decision. The Novelty Store did a great job on my shirt. It is just what I wanted. Today I am on two missions. Today I will learn how to protect myself and I definitely want to catch the eye of Mason Myles. If this doesn’t do it, nothing will. I get dressed, pull my hair out of my face in a high, curly ponytail, apply a little more body spray, and look at myself in the full-length mirror. Front then back. Happy with my appearance, I grab my overflowing beach bag, purse, phone, and keys and head to the shooting range. 
Mason
I didn’t think today would ever get here. All I thought about this week was Angel. I decide on an early morning run. I text Donovan to see what I need to bring to the cookout. 
M: Ready for today? 
D: Sure am, and you? 
M: Can’t wait. Do you need me to bring anything? 
D: I think we have everything. What does Angel drink? We have white wine, beer, and some mixers for margaritas. 
M: I’m not sure. I’ve seen her drink white wine and mojitos. I’ll find out and bring it. 
D: Ok, see you in a few. 
I shower, shave, and dress in jeans and boots and decide on a novelty tee with a picture of a gun on it. Appropriate for a shooting range, and playful enough for a girl with Angel’s personality, right? I go into my closet and pull out the lock box. I carefully choose a Glock 17 for me and a Smith and Wesson 38 special for Angel. That should be small enough for her to handle. I remove enough ammunition for a Hollywood action/adventure movie. If Angel wants to play, we are going to play. I pack everything into a backpack. I grab my trunks and a towel on my way out the door. 
I arrive at the shooting range, park my car, and grab the backpack from the trunk of my car and head to the front entrance. I don’t see anyone, so I grab a seat outside and wait. Sara and Donovan arrive first. He parks his truck next to mine. He grabs a backpack from his backseat. Walking over to me, they are both dressed in camouflage shirts, jeans, and camouflage boots and hats. They make a nice-looking couple in that getup. Nothing like a hot girl in a gun range. They walk over to me, and we wait for the others to arrive. They talk about the food they have for the cookout and how excited they are to be practice shooting. 
Brea and Vincent are next to arrive. Brea hops out of the truck; she is wearing a white shirt with a huge pink cupcake on the front on it, jeans, and boots. Laughing to myself, I think that she is too much. It suits her perfectly. Vincent is wearing jeans, a grey tee, and his work boots. He grabs their weapons from the backseat and joins us at the entrance. They join in the conversation about shooting and how long it’s been since we have been here. 
The girls shoot for fun, while the guys and I shoot to keep our skills up. We live in Florida. The crime rate is very high here. Floridians have the legal right to protect themselves, their families, and their property. We take the “Stand Your Ground Law” very seriously. I will always protect my family above anything else. My Dad instilled some great values in me when I was growing up. Being an attorney/judge, he sees firsthand the slime that lives amongst us. 
I look up when I hear another vehicle pull into the parking lot. It is a red 1969 Camaro in mint condition. 
“Great car, looks like she’s been garaged her whole life,” Vincent says, staring at the car. 
“It sure does,” I say. 
Angel steps out of the car and my mouths falls open. She looks around like she isn’t sure where to go. She is wearing a hot pink tee with the words “Armed and Dangerous” in bold black print on the front of her shirt, skinny jeans, and hot pink, four-inch fuck-me heels that match her shirt. Her hair is in a high ponytail, and she is wearing big, gold-hooped earrings. I stare because it’s all I can do. I can’t move. She is hot and stunning at the same time. Sara walks over to me, places her hand under my chin, and closes my mouth. She is laughing as she looks at me and says, “Close your mouth — it’s not nice to stare.” I look at her. She laughs loudly and saunters off. I blink a few times and I am stunned. Damn if they aren’t all hot: Angel, her shirt, and her car! Nice … I love it. 
I swear Donovan and Vincent are staring, too. Brea joins Sara over at Angel’s car. They hug and jump up and down. They are pointing to her shirt and laughing. Donovan pats me on the back and says, “Now that is hot as hell. A hot car, a hot chick, and a hot-as-hell shirt.” 
All I can do is nod my head. Get your shit together, I tell myself. 
Donovan nudges me and says, “Look like you got your work cut out for you.” 
I look away, closing my mouth again, trying to get my shit together before she reaches me. 
“Ya think?” They are the only words I can form. I lick my lips — they are suddenly very dry. 
Angel walks over to us and says “Hi” to everyone, smiling. She looks at me and says, “Hi, Handsome. Nice shirt.” 
“Hi, yourself. Nice shoes,” I reply with a smile. 
“Ready to get your ass beat?” She laughs. 
“Only if you are doing the beating.” 
I laugh. 
I open the door and wait for everyone to enter the shooting range. Angel stays behind and enters with me. We all get registered, get our locations, and get our safety goggles, ear plugs, and targets. 
“Ever shoot before, Angel?” 
“No, but I am excited to learn.” 
“I’ll teach you safety first, then we can target shoot.” 
She nods in understanding and says, “I hope I’ll do all right. I’m a little scared.” 
“By the looks of your shirt, I would have thought you were very confident.” 
I smile. 
“I got it to intimidate you.” 
“Well, I think you succeeded!” 
I place everything carefully on the table and tear the gun apart. I show her how to put it together, teach her the names of the parts of the gun, how to load it and unload it, how to clean it, and how to use the safety and check it. She is very serious, not taking her eyes off the weapon. I ask her to demonstrate everything I just taught her and she does. 
I tell her she won’t need to tear the gun apart very often but it’s good to know how. 
I lower her target for her and help her with her safety goggles and earplugs. She looks very sexy wearing her goggles with her gun in hand. Although she is wearing a very playful shirt, she is taking this very seriously, like it’s about life or death. She listens intently as I show her how to hold the gun out at a distance, and where to place your feet so you are ready to shoot. She fires all five rounds. I leave the practice target in place, and watch her reload her gun. 
“Perfect,” I tell her and she grins ear to ear. She fires five more rounds. I am staring at her and not even realizing it. 
“What?” she asks, confused. “Am I doing it wrong?” 
Bringing me out of my thoughts, I shake my head. 
“It’s just that you are very beautiful. I don’t think I have ever met anyone quite like you before,” I say honestly. 
“Thank you, I think.” 
“That is certainly a compliment, and you are welcome.” 
I watch her reload and shoot a few more times until I feel she is comfortable with it. 
“Ready to get started?” 
“Ready to get your ass beat?” 
“Beauty, you have no idea,” I say grinning. 
I set her up a new target and I set up mine. We shoot together for a while, not comparing our targets but just shooting in silence. I look over at her and she is doing great. 
When we are done, I tell her to tear down her gun. I watch carefully as she does it slowly and cautiously. She repeats the names of the parts before putting it back together again. I gather the guns and the few shells we have left and place them back into the bag. 
“Great job, Angel. I am proud of you.” 
She looks straight at me and says as seriously as she can say, “Thank you for taking the time to teach me. I have been wanting to learn to shoot for a long time. You have no idea what it means to me.” 
I look at her and say just as seriously, “I’m glad I was the one who got to teach you. You did great. Anytime you want to come back here for more practice, let me know.” 
“Seriously?” 
“Yes, I mean it — anytime.” 
“Thank you, I will.” 
“Do you want to see how bad I beat your ass?” she smirks. 
“I can’t wait,” I reply, placing our targets out for us to compare. 
She did very well for the first time. Of course, she didn’t beat me, but I am impressed. 
Looking at me laughing, she jokes, “You know I let you beat me, Right? I felt sorry for you.” 
“You did?” 
“Yup.” 
We are both laughing at her “admission.” 
I roll up the targets, grab the bag with the weapons, and take her hand and say, “Come on, Killer, until next time.” 
We walk to our cars in the parking lot, hand in hand. Everyone is already done and loading up their vehicles. She waves at our friends. I lead her to her car and wait for her to unlock it. I open the door for her and wait for her to get in. 
“I’ll meet you at Donovan’s.” 
“Ok, I’ll see you there,” she says while placing her sunglasses on her face. 
“Is there anything special you want to drink? There is plenty of food, but I wasn’t sure about beverages.” 
“Diet Coke, water, and white wine are usually my drinks of choice.” 
“Good to know, now buckle up and drive safely, Beauty,” I say, shutting her door. 
She rolls down her window and just looks at me. Beauty, her new nickname. It suits her, perfectly. 
Brea yells out her window, “Follow us,” while pulling off. 
I wave to her while walking to my own car. I put the top down, put on my sunglasses, and follow everyone to Donovan’s. 
I stop by the store first, grab some more drinks and some desserts for Brea and the rest of us. I think back on the day and catch myself smiling. I never had this much fun with Julia. Angel is so relaxed and laid back but serious when she needs to be. I am thankful she took the shooting range seriously. When she got out of the car wearing that shirt, I almost thought I was going to lose it. Damn if she isn’t beautiful. The shirt should have said, “Beautiful and Armed and Dangerous.” She is going to be the death of me. 
I arrive at Donovan’s and everyone has already changed and is in the pool or by the pool tanning. I put the drinks in a cooler by the outdoor bar and take the desserts in the house and put them on the table. 
Brea walks in, sees the desserts, and kisses me on the cheek. “You always were my favorite,” she says while opening the container the cupcakes are in. 
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” I am laughing at her picking up the cupcake and taking a bite of it. “I have no idea where you put it all,” I say seriously, looking at the cupcake in her hand. 
Laughing, she licks the icing off her fingers and says, “I think in my ass,” she laughs and then adds, “It looks like you guys are getting along.” 
“We are, she’s pretty awesome. She is very easy to get along with. I like that about her. She has a seriously playful side to her." 
“I think you bring that side out in her. I think you should ask her out,” she deadpans. 
“You do? I have been thinking about it. I was thinking dinner on Saturday. What do you think?” 
“I think it is perfect. We need to join the party before people start talking.” 
She winks at me and then she grabs my hand and we join the party in full swing on the patio. 
The music is on the surround sound and the smell of steaks on the grill is mouthwatering. Everyone is near the grill chatting away and sharing their experiences at the gun range. 
Angel walks over to me, wearing a black bikini. Handing me a beer, she says, “You should go change. I think you are a little overdressed.” 
I take the beer without taking my eyes off of her. 
“Thank you. Beauty, I think you are right.” 
“Anytime, Handsome.” 
I take a drink and hand the beer back to her. 
“I’ll be right back.” 
“I’ll be waiting.” 
I head out to get my trunks and towel from my car. I change quickly before heading back downstairs. 
The girls are lying on rafts in the pool and the guys are at the grill. I walk over to the grill and Vincent says in a low voice, “So, are you going to ask her out?” 
“Sounds like you already know. Brea has a big mouth,” I say while looking at Brea, who is grinning at me. 
“She only told us. She’s pretty excited for you and Angel.” 
“Just so you know, it’s only a date and I haven’t asked her out yet. No need to plan a wedding — well, not my wedding anyway.” 
I look over at Angel, who is talking to Sara but is looking right at me. I smile at her and ask Donovan and Vincent, “Where should I take her to?” without looking at them. 
They both answer Ruth’s Chris Steak House on Tamiami Trail — it is a restaurant that my parents love. I look away from Angel, with a smile still plastered to my face. 
“Great idea,” I say, then I ask Vincent, “Do you know when you’re going to propose to Brea?” 
Donovan and I both look at Vincent for an answer. 
Taking a deep breath, he says, “Next week, we are going away for the weekend. I’m taking her to the Ritz Carlton in Miami.” 
We pat him on the back in a congratulatory manner. 
“She hasn’t said yes, so there’s no need to plan a wedding yet, either,” he says, looking almost sick. 
Donovan whispers, “She will, man.” 
When I see Angel’s drink is almost gone, I take a bottle of wine over to the pool and refill her glass for her, along with Brea’s and Sara’s. We finish the steaks and set the food out on the table near the bar. We all eat and talk nonstop about the shooting range, how much the girls are improving and how well Angel did for her first time. We make plans to do it again soon. 
After dinner, we all clean up, grab another drink and head into the pool for some fun in the sun. We toss a football back and forth and splash the girls intentionally. They scream about getting wet although they are sitting in the pool of water already wet. I will never understand that about girls. 
It’s late and we say our goodbyes. Brea and Vincent are already gone, and I walk Angel out to the car. I hold her beach bag while she unlocks her car door. I open her door and place the beach bag on her back seat. I turn to look at her. I swear her beauty takes my breath away. She’s been in the pool and her hair is naturally curly. 
I face her and take her hands in mine. She smiles. 
“I love your hair curly — it’s beautiful,” I say, touching a lock of her curly hair. 
“Ugh, I hate it, but thank you.” 
“Thank you for a wonderful time today, Beauty. I had a great time.” 
“No, thank you. Today was as perfect as they get, and thank you for being so patient with me at the gun range.” 
“No need to thank me; it was all my pleasure.” Taking a deep breath, I look her into her eyes and say, “I was hoping you would let me take you to dinner next week?” 
“Yes, I would like that.” 
Smiling, I say, “Great.” 
“Is Saturday at 7 good?” 
“Saturday is perfect.” 
“Great, I will pick you up at 7. I’ll call later this week to get your address.” 
“Ok, sounds good. She stands up on her tiptoes and leans in to kiss me on my cheek. Thank you for everything, Handsome. I am looking forward to Saturday.” 
“Me, too.” I stand back, hold her door open wide for her to get in. “Buckle up and drive safely. I’ll text you later to make sure you got home in one piece.” 
I smile and shut her door before she has time to argue with me. 
I turn towards my own car and head home with a stupid-as-fuck grin plastered to my face. I had a great day, and it feels good looking forward to something again. 
Angel
I watch Mason walk away from me towards his new black Jaguar Convertible. A hot car for a hot guy. I keep smiling because I can’t stop. He asked me out and did he just tell me again to buckle up and drive safely? I had a great time today. It was a perfect day. I start my car, buckle up, and head home. My minds drifts back to the events of the day. The look in his eyes when I walked up to him at the gun range. His patience with me. His concern for safety before anything else. His playfulness and his seriousness. He is such a gentlemen, holding the doors open for me and refilling my drink when it is empty. 
I pull up at home and park in the garage for a change since it may rain tomorrow. I unload my beach bag from the car and start a load in the washer. I shower and get ready for bed. I curl up on the couch to read when my phone chimes that I have an incoming text. Grinning, I grab my phone and true to his word there is a text. 
M: Did you get home safely? 
Yes, Father. 
A: Yes, I did. Thank you very much. 
M: Thank you again for a wonderful day. I really had a great time. 
A: Thank you. I did, too. Thank you for all your help at the gun range. You are a very patient man. 
M: Please, Beauty, no need to thank me. It was all my pleasure. Looking forward to doing it again. 
Beauty, I love that he calls me that. 
A: Next time, it’s game on. ;) 
M: Ok, I’ll hold you to that. Maybe we can wager something. Not unless you’re afraid? 
He knows I have a competitive side. Sneaky bastard 
A: Who, me? I was holding back today. I didn’t want to show you up. Being our first date and all. 
M: Well, that was sweet of you. I didn’t realize it was a date! 
Crap, I just called it a date. 
A: Good night, Mason. 
M: lol Sweet dreams, Beauty. Don’t forget to lock up. 
A: Already did. :)
I decide to go to bed and read. I am not far from dreamland. I double-check the locks on the doors, first. Damn Mason, he’s becoming very overprotective. 
It is mid-week before I even realize it. I cleaned my house top to bottom on Sunday and returned the orange juice pitcher to Josephine and thanked her again. I worked late Monday and Tuesday. It’s Wednesday. I head home and decide to go for a run. I put my running gear on and walk the short distance to the beach. I find the right music on my iPod player and set my pace to a slow run. I focus on my breathing, and my head starts to clear. Things are going so well for me, and I am beginning to look forward to dating someone again. 
Only one thing could mess this up: Jim. He used to call me when I first left. He would beg me to come home, apologize for all his abuse, and said he would get help. It got so bad I had to change my cell number. I never told him where I was, but I fear he will find me. Sometimes I still feel like someone is watching me. I started parking my car in the garage all the time. I still lock the doors as soon as I enter the house. I wonder if this fear will ever leave, or if I’ll always feel like a prisoner everywhere I go. 
I look up and Mason is running next to me, looking at me with a smile on his face. How long has he been there? I remove the ear buds from my ears and smile back at him, slowing my pace to a walk. Through panting breaths, I ask, “How long have you been here?” 
“Not too long. You looked like you were in deep thought. I almost didn’t want to bother you.” 
“You’re not bothering me; it’s good to see you. I didn’t know you were a runner.” 
“It helps to clear my head.” 
“Yeah, mine, too. There’s a lot I don’t know about you.” 
“I need some water. Want to stop over there?” 
He points to a tiki bar. 
“Sure, sounds great.” 
We sit at the outdoor table under a red and white awning that overlooks the beach. We each get a big glass of ice water and he orders a fruit salad and two chicken salad wraps, although I declined on the food. We sit and talk about his parents and sister. He tells me that his Dad and he went out Sunday looking for office space for his new private practice. He tells me about his mother’s artistic talents, although he denies being able to draw even stick figures. I learn his Dad is a judge in the county, and he was born and raised on Long Boat Key. 
I tell him about my mother passing when I was 12. I share how close Aunt Rosie and I were before her death. I share how I went to school to be an interior designer and how I am currently taking online glasses to get my degree. 
He shares about how he met Vincent and Donovan and how Sara and Brea came to be a part of their group. I already heard that story, but I let him tell it anyway. He tells me about how he loves his job and prays he can make a difference while working at his own practice. 
I share I’m an only child and my father passed away last year, and that my extended family live in Puerto Rico, and an aunt and uncle from LA. I want to share upbeat stories, but I don’t have a lot of them to tell. I tell him Aunt Rosie left me her beach house two blocks away and that’s what brought me to Florida. I tell him I love Sara and Brea and couldn’t have asked for two better friends. He nods to agree. 
He tells me Vincent is going to propose to Brea this weekend and about how nervous Vincent is about it. He shares how crazy Vincent is to think that, because Brea is crazy about him. I agree. She is so in love with him. 
It’s getting late and I want to be home before dark. Yeah, I’m still a prisoner. Damn Jim! 
“I’m sorry, but I need to get going.” 
“Let me walk you home.” 
“No, that’s fine. I just live two streets over. It’s not even dark yet.” 
"Please, my mother will never forgive me if I let a woman I am dating walk home in the near dark by herself.” 
“We’re dating?” 
He laughs at me and says, “Yes, we’re dating. Now they are my words, too.” 
He got me there. I did say that in a text to him once. 
“Ok, fine. Come on, Handsome, let’s make your mama proud.” 
Smiling, he takes my hand in his and we walk hand in hand to my cottage. We come to Josephine and Carl’s house. They are sitting outside on the porch swing, drinking lemonade. They wave us over. I tell Mason they are friends of the family and I can’t be rude. He gladly walks up to their porch with me swinging our arms as we go. 
I introduce Carl and Josephine to my friend Mason. They smile and tell me they’ll have some more fresh squeezed orange juice for me tomorrow. We say our good nights and Mason walks me to my door. I offer for him to come in, but he declines. I offer to drive him home, but he declines that, too. He kisses me on my cheek and tells me to lock up when I enter the house. I laugh at him, but I know that I would do that even before he told me to. 
I close the door behind me and lock both locks and secure the chain. I leave the porch light on for him, because it is so dark on this street — any bit of light helps. I fall back into the door thinking about him. The more time I spend with him, the more I like him. This can’t be good — or can it? I shower and head to bed. 
It’s Friday before I know it. Uncle Raúl calls and checks in on me on my way to work. I tell him I sent him and Aunt Maria a box of fresh fruit yesterday from the Morgans’ fruit trees. He tells me Aunt Rosie’s house sold and he will close on it next week. He asks if I want anything in it. They will auction off the contents in the house after we take what we want. Maria takes Aunt Rosie’s quilting materials and I ask for her sewing machine and some serving dishes. He says he’ll call again soon and if I need anything to let him know. 
I pull into work and the same black SUV is parked down the road. Looking around, I don’t see anyone. I walk into work and ask Sara and Brea have they noticed the black SUV that had been parked near the novelty store lately. Sara said she had seen a dark-haired man walking from the novelty shop and getting into the SUV the other day. Brea is too busy with the coffee and donuts to get involved in the conversation. 
At work, Brea talks excitedly about her upcoming romantic weekend with Vincent. She bought a new green bikini and some sexy lingerie for her weekend. Vincent has planned the whole weekend and wouldn’t share much about it. She is gleaming as she tells the story. 
Sara tells us about the weekend she and Donovan have planned. Their half-marathon is this weekend. She is very excited and this is their first big run together. They have been training for months. It’s a run to raise money for breast cancer, a cause very close to her heart. Her grandmother died of breast cancer before she was even born. She and Donovan always try to run in marathons and half-marathons that raise money for a cause individually and as a couple. They both have been working diligently on getting donations. 
I finally tell them about my date with Mason. I haven’t said anything to them, although I have been dying to. Sometimes I just need to sort things out in my head before sharing things with other people. I am very excited but also scared. My past comes back to keep me hostage from time to time. I pray I will be able to overcome those smothering feelings of dread. I tell them that Mason and I text every night and he always tells me to lock up and to have sweet dreams. 
They are excited for me and for Mason. 
Brea heads home and packs for her trip. They are leaving tonight. Sara and I head to the mall. She wants to get a pair of running shoes, and I need a dress. She tells me how excited she is for Monday when Brea shows up to work engaged. I smile at her. I am also just as thrilled. It’s great when a plan comes together the way it was intended. 
I find a knee-length, black halter dress and Sara spots some red chunky jewelry that will go perfect with it. She finds a new pair of running shoes she has been looking for, and I find a pair of red five-inch heels. I like that Mason is so much taller than me. It allows me to wear the heels that I love and still be shorter than him. Sara and I have dinner and share a bottle of wine together at Bella Nonna’s Italian Bistro in downtown Sarasota. We sit outside and talk nonstop. 
A woman comes up to Sara, and they smile and hug awkwardly. They talk briefly about Mason and Donovan. Sara looks over at me like she isn’t sure she should introduce us. I smile politely and take a sip of my wine. Sara apologizes for her rudeness and introduces us. 
“Angel, this is Julia, and Julia, this is my friend Angel.” I notice she refers to me as a friend but Julia as Julia. She smiles and leans in to shake my hand. She seems nice. Sara makes an excuse that we must get going, but it was great to see her. I’m not buying the sincerity in her words. I have never seen Sara rude, but she was a little short with Julia. I tell Julia it was nice meeting her and she turns and leaves. 
“I’m sorry about that,” Sara says. 
“No need to apologize,” I say, waving her off. 
“I really don’t care for her. I’m not even sure why she acts as though we are friends. Maybe she was hoping I would say something to her about Mason.” 
“Oh, are they friends?” 
“Hardly, Mason and she dated a while ago, before he found out she cheated on him.” 
“What!” 
“Yeah, I know. He is such an awesome guy and she is a bitch for doing it. Mason is one of the most respected men I know. They dated for a couple years and anyway … that’s in the past where it should be.” 
Wow. I had no idea. That’s too bad. He really does seem like a nice guy. I’m really looking forward to our date tomorrow, I think to myself. 
“The past should most definitely stay in the past,” I agree. 
We pay the bill and collect our cars from the valet, and I head home. I pull the dress from the bag to inspect it. Perfect. I hang it up in the closet and lay the jewelry out on the dresser. Happy with my decision, I shower and call it a night. 
I get a chime from my phone alerting me that I have a new text. I have come to expect it nightly, although the butterflies are still in my belly, knowing it’s from Mason. 
M: How was your day? 
A: Great, Sara and I went shopping after work. 
M: Mmmm, may I ask what you bought? 
A: You may, something for tomorrow. 
M: Will I like it? 
Oh, he makes it so easy to play with him. 
A: Not sure. 
M: Is that all I get? 
A: Did you want more? 
M: A description, a color, a length would be nice. 
A: Well, let me see …? 
M: You are going to be the death of me. You do know that, right? 
A: I doubt that, but you will need to wait to see it tomorrow. You are working tonight, right? 
M: Yeah, I’m working. Just wanted to remind you to lock up before you went to bed and to see how your day went. 
A: My house is secured, and I am already in bed. Thank you. Good night, Handsome. 
M: Sweet dreams, Beauty. See you tomorrow at 7. 
A: Mason? 
M: Beauty? 
A: Be careful at work. 
M: Always. ;) 
I have soft music playing on the surround sound, and I am on my second glass of wine. Standing in front of the full-length mirror, I’m looking at myself. I check the front, the back, and the sides. My hair is curled in big loose curls, my eyes are done up in smoky shades of eye shadows, and lip gloss to my lips. I also applied my favorite lotion and body spray, cinnamon and peaches. I am wearing a red silk-and-lace lingerie set. Again, not that anyone will see them, but I feel even sexier wearing them. I pull my dress over my head and secure the buttons. I twirl around while looking at myself in the mirror. The dress is sexy, but not sleazy. I put on the chunky jewelry that Sara picked out and spray a little more body spray to my dress and neck. Perfect. 
I grab my shoes and walk barefoot into the living room. The doorbell rings, and I look at the clock. Seven on the dot. Smiling, I head to the front door. I look out the peephole and see Mason, looking handsome as ever, adjusting his tie. Is he nervous, I wonder? 
I open the door and greet him with my best smile. 
“Hi, right on time, I see.” 
I open the door wider for him to walk through. 
“Please come in.” 
“Wow!” He stands there looking me up and down. “You look stunning.” 
I can feel the heat rise to my face with just his words. “Thank you. You look very sharp yourself.” 
He steps through the front door and I motion towards the couch, while closing the door behind him. I just need to put my shoes on and I’ll be ready. 
He shakes his head. “I’m sorry, I almost forget my manners. These are for you. I hope you like daisies?” 
“Thank you.” I take them from him. “I love daisies; they are my favorite. How did you know?” 
“Lucky guess.” 
“Let me put these in some water.” I walk into the kitchen in search of a vase. “Please make yourself at home. Would you like a drink? Wine or beer?” 
“No, thank you, I’m fine. Lovely place you have here.” 
“Thank you.” 
I run the water in the vase and I finally get to look at him. He is looking out the glass door at the lanai and the backyard. He is wearing a midnight black suit with a crisp white shirt and a grey tie. He is looking all 50 shades of grey. Laughing to myself, I wonder if he read that book. Is that why he wore a grey tie? Guys don’t read those kinds of books, do they? I shake my head to try to clear it from my one-track mind. 
I walk into the living room and place the vase of flowers on the coffee table. 
“Thank you; they are beautiful.” 
“You are more than welcome.” 
Reaching down to pick up my heels, I tell him I’ll be ready in just a minute. I sit down and slip my foot into the shoe, but I am unable to get it fastened. He watches me struggling with the tiny buckle before he walks over to me. I remove my high heel and decide to wear a different pair. 
He kneels down in front on me on one knee. 
“May I?” he asks with one brow raised. 
I can feel the damn heat rising in my cheeks again. I am feeling all 50 shades of red tonight. 
He lifts my foot with one hand wrapped gently around my bare ankle. He slides my shoe in place, lowers my foot and secures the tiny buckle. He rubs his thumb across my ankle gently before reaching for my other heel. I watch him intently as he raises my other foot and repeats the process. He again caresses my ankle before releasing my foot. 
“There.” 
He stands and reaches out for my hand. I place my hand in his and stand up. He looks me up and down, smiles his appreciation, and says, “Beautiful.” 
“Thank you. Let me get my clutch and I’ll be ready.” 
I walk into the bedroom, grab my black clutch and do another check in the mirror before walking to the living room. Mason is already at the front door smiling and holding it open for me. 
“Shall we go, Beauty?” 
Walking towards him, I smile. 
“Thank you.” 
I flip on the porch light and secure the locks on the door. I walk through the door before him. He closes the door and then tries to open it to make sure it’s securely shut. Satisfied, he walks over to me. I loop my arm through his and he leads me to his car. 
“You look very handsome tonight. You kind of remind me of Christian Grey,” I say. 
“Thank you, but who is Christian Grey?” 
Mmmm, so he didn’t read the book. He wore the tie because he likes it. 
“Just my book boyfriend.” 
He stops at his car and opens the door for me to get in. 
“So, you have a book boyfriend?” he says and looks at me with a raised brow. 
I bite my lip and correct him: “I have more than one.” 
“Should I be worried?” he asks, still holding the door open for me to get in. 
“Yes, I love them,” I say, getting into his car. I swear I can hear him chuckling before he closes my door. 
Conversation flows easily between the two of us on our way to dinner. 
We pull up in front of Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse on Tamiami Trail. The valet opens Mason’s door for him. Before Mason steps out of the car, he looks over at me. 
“Stay put, Angel. I’ll get your door for you,” Mason says. 
I remain seated. My hands begin to sweat and my heart beats a little faster. I watch him as he stands in front of the car talking to the valet. Mason hands him a tip and places the valet ticket in his jacket pocket. He is handsome and looks so powerful. He buttons his jacket and comes over to my side of the car. He opens my car door and reaches his hand for mine. 
“Watch your step.” 
I take his hand and he wraps his fingers tightly around mine. I do as he says, because he carries such power in his words. I feel safe around him. I stand up straight and straighten my dress. 
He looks down at me, winks, and says, “Ready?” 
I can only nod my answer. I can feel the blush creeping up into my cheeks again. How can this man take my breath away with a wink? 
He holds the door open for me and places his hand on the small of my back. We walk past a throng of people who are standing in the foyer. He excuses us as we try to get past them. He leads me up to the hostess desk, where he is greeted by name. 
“Mason, so nice to see you again. We have your table ready,” a beautiful blond says, looking at him. 
“Great, thank you, Lori.” 
“Please follow me.” 
With Mason still resting his hand on the small of my back, we are led to a small intimate table in the corner of the back of the restaurant. He pulls out my chair for me and waits until I get seated before pushing it in slightly. He takes the only chair at the table across from me. He takes his napkin and lays it gently on his lap. He leans back in the chair and looks around the room before his eyes land on mine. 
The hostess hands us our menus and says that our server will be right with us. 
Our table is small and intimate. A lit candle and a single red rose decorate the white linen tabletop. The faint sound of a piano is heard coming from the other room. 
“I hope you like steak and seafood,” he says while unbuttoning his jacket. “They have the best food in town.” 
“I have never been here before. I’m sure the food is delicious.” 
The server comes over and introduces herself, never taking her eyes off Mason. She repeats the dinner specials and Mason orders a bottle of wine and two glasses as well as a Scotch for him. 
We look at the menu, and he tells me his favorite dishes. 
“I can’t decide. Everything sounds so good.” 
I start biting the inside of my cheek. 
“They have many delicious choices on the menu,” he says while looking up from his menu at me. 
I know he can see that I am overwhelmed by the number of choices. 
“Beauty, I would like to order for you if that’s all right with you? That is, if you trust me?” 
I look up at him and ponder his words. I do trust him. But why do I trust him so easily, so soon? 
“Of course I trust you and I would like that very much. There is just so much to choose from,” I say honestly while placing my menu on the side of the table, relieved that part is taken care of for me. I lay my napkin across my lap. 
The waitress returns with our drinks and some bread with seasoned olive oil. I watch in amazement as Mason orders for the both of us. Crab cake appetizer, 6 oz. filet, seasoned potatoes and a fresh vegetable. He hands her our menus and focuses his attention back to me. 
He reaches for the bottle of wine from the ice bucket and fills my glass. He smiles at me before leaning over to hold my hand across from the table. 
“I hope you like the food I ordered. I should have asked what you were in the mood for before I ordered it.” 
 “No, it’s fine. I love steak and seafood. Everything sounded delicious.” 
The waitress shows up with our appetizers: crab crabs with a creole sauce. Mason thanks her and she saunters off. The food is mouthwatering. I moan as soon as it hits my mouth. Mason laughs as I close my eyes to savor the taste. 
“This is so good,” I say, pointing to my crab cake. 
Mason nods his agreement. 
“They have the best crab cakes around and their creole sauce goes perfectly with it.” 
We finish our crab cakes in silence, and I finish off my glass of wine. 
He refills both of our wine glasses, and I excuse myself to use the powder room. He stands and pulls my chair out for me and tells me where they are located. Thanking him, I take my clutch and head in that direction. 
I wash my hands, check my teeth, and reapply some lip gloss before leaving. 
I walk out of the powder room, and I am shocked to see Julia at our table talking to Mason. Mason looks stressed. He is never stressed. He does not look happy to see her. He is running his hands through his hair. She has a look on her face that I can’t read. I have no idea what they are talking about, but I know the look on Mason's face, and he isn’t interested. Sara already told me the story of the two of them, and I already don’t like her. 
I straighten my dress, stand a little taller, and stride right over to them. When I get closer to the table, Mason looks at me — he seems defeated. He stands to greet me with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. I reach both my hands out for him, and he readily takes both of them in his. 
"I’m sorry it took me so long,” I say, totally ignoring the intruder. He pulls me to his side, and I give him my biggest smile. 
I look up at Julia, who is staring at me. 
“Julia, right?” I say, reaching my hand out to her. 
Ignoring my hand, she says, “Sara’s friend from last night, right?” 
“Yes, that’s right, lovely to see you again,” I lie. 
I look over at Mason and explain to him we met last night while Sara and I were having dinner. 
“Julia, if you’ll excuse us, I would like to get back to my date,” Mason says. 
Julia is still standing there, looking dumbfounded, and not moving. He walks me over to my chair, still holding my hand. He doesn’t pull it out for me but waits for Julia to leave. 
He clears his throat, and then he says, “Julia, if you’ll please excuse us, I would like to get back to my evening with this beautiful young woman.” 
I can’t stop the smile that is now spread across my face. 
Julia shakes her head and mumbles something about seeing us around before leaving to join a man at a nearby table. 
I watch as Julia walks over to her table to join her date. Is that the man she cheated on Mason with? What does he think she is talking to Mason about? 
Mason leans down and whispers an apology into my ear before pulling my chair out for me. Once I am seated, he looks around the room before taking his own seat across from me. He sits down and apologizes again to me. 
Determined not to let this put a damper on our evening, I ask, despite already knowing the answer, “An old girlfriend?” 
“I’m sorry, yes.” 
He attempts to smile without succeeding. 
“Part on good terms?” I say, smiling brightly. 
He looks up at me and says, “Yes, the best.” 
And we both start laughing. 
Our food comes and we eat in a comfortable silence. I can feel Julia staring at us although Mason never mentions it. He pours the last of the wine in my glass. 
The waitress comes and clears our plates and shows us the dessert tray. 
“For dessert, they have a great key lime pie,” Mason says. 
“Would you like to share a piece?” I ask, not sure I have any room left. 
“Sounds good.” 
“One key lime pie and two coffees, please.” 
I slide my chair closer next to him and he grins at me. 
“Well, if we are sharing dessert we need to be close enough to reach it.” 
“Good point, if I knew that we would have shared dinner, too, then.” 
I swat his arm playfully and we both laugh. 
He drapes his arm over my chair, gently touching my shoulder and stares at me. 
I am able to see Julia clearly from this position, and I know he had to endure her stares all through dinner. I feel bad for him. What a bitch to hurt him like she did. I look at him and he still has stress lines on his forehead. 
He looks directly into my eyes like he is trying to read my soul. I forget about everything. I focus on the color of his dark eyes, dark like rich chocolate. He smells like spice and sandalwood. I move my eyes to his lips. They are full and beautiful. I search his eyes again and they seem even darker than before. He leans closer to me and stops. He looks into my eyes and then my lips. My mouth is dry all of a sudden. I lick them to try to add moisture to them. His eyes travel back up to meet mine. I feel like I can’t breathe. My heart is pounding. He moves his hand from the back of the chair and places it on the nape of my neck. He gently strokes my cheek with his thumb. He slowly pulls me slightly to him before stopping one last time. Almost like he is asking for my permission. I close my eyes leaning in to close the small distance between us. Our lips touch ever so softly. He has the softest lips of anyone I have ever kissed. I open my mouth slightly inviting him to enter. He lets a small moan before our tongues touch. Softly and sweetly we kiss. He pulls back slightly, I open my eyes, and he is staring intently at me. I blink a few times trying to remember where we are. When I realize we are sitting in a busy restaurant, I try to sit back. He tightens his hold on me and leans in and kisses me softly on my lips once more before releasing me. The waitress clears her throat. I sit back in my chair and fidget with my napkin on my lap. The waitress is there with our dessert and coffee. 
Julia and her friend leave shortly after our display of affection. 
We share our pie and drink our coffee. He keeps one arm around the back of my chair, caressing my shoulder occasionally. He asks for the check and pays the bill. 
Turning his chair to look at me, he says, “Are you in a hurry to get home?” 
”No, not at all. Do you have something else in mind?” 
Smiling, he says, “There’s something I want to show you.” 
His stress lines are gone from his face and his eyes are back to normal again. Must have been a pretty bad breakup for a person to do that to him with one conversation. 
Smiling back at him, I say as cheerfully as I can, “Ready whenever you are, Handsome.” 
He stands, buttons his jacket up, and pulls my chair out for me. I stand, straightening my dress and reach for my clutch. I tell him I need to use the powder room again, swaying just a little. He reaches for my arm to steady me. 
“Are you ok?” he asks, raising an eyebrow. 
I lean into him, pulling him down closer to me and whisper in his ear. 
“I’m a little tipsy, I think,” I say, giggling. 
“Come on, Beauty, I’ll walk you to the powder room.” 
Walking the short distance, he says, “Be careful, and I’ll be here waiting on you when you get done.” 
I smile sweetly and I walk into the empty powder room and freshen up. 
Washing my hands, I check myself in the mirror. I touch my lips, remembering our kiss. God, he is a great kisser. I apply a little more gloss to my lips and fluff my hair before leaving. I walk carefully out of the powder room and Mason is there, leaning against the wall, waiting for me, true to his word. He takes my hand and leads me outside to retrieve his car from the valet. 
Mason
Still holding Angel by the arm, I wait as the valet pulls up with my car. I open the door for her to get in while loosening my hold on her arm slightly. She’s tipsy, but I don’t think she’s drunk by any means. I stopped drinking after I finished my Scotch on the rocks. After I saw Julia walk in with the spineless fuck, I was done drinking, but I wasn’t about to let Julia ruin my night with Angel. Angel gets in the car and giggles softly. I pay the valet and get into the driver’s seat. I look over at her and she is smiling at me. I reach over her without saying a word and fasten her seatbelt, never taking my eyes off of her. I fasten my own seatbelt before pulling into traffic. I have always been safety conscious, even as a child. Working at the hospital has only added to my cautiousness — that and my Dad being an attorney and judge makes me aware of the dangers of life. Something as simple as wearing a safety belt or locking your doors can save you from getting a heaping helping of trouble. I make a right on Tamiami Trail. 
“Are you all right, Beauty? Would you rather me take you home?” 
She thinks for a moment and smiles. 
“No, I’m fine. Not unless you changed your mind.” 
“Not on your life. I’m just making sure you are feeling ok, that’s all.” 
“I’m fine. The wine went right to my head. I shouldn’t have had those two glasses at home first.” 
“Oh, I didn’t realize you were drinking when I got there.” 
“I was nervous. I was trying to calm my nerves.” 
“Did it work?” I ask as I look over at her. 
“Yup.” 
“Well, that’s good.” 
Drunk Angel is honest. I like that. 
I say, “We are almost there.” 
She sits up a little straighter to look out the tinted car windows. I pull into the dark driveway and shut the car off. 
“Stay put and I’ll get the door for you.” 
I walk over, open her door, and reach my hand for hers. 
“Be careful. It’s pretty rocky.” 
She gets out of the car and steadies herself. I am not sure if her unsteadiness is from the rocks, the wine, or those heels, or all three. She looks around, not sure what she is looking at. I brought her to my unfinished beach house. It’s dark, but you can hear the sound of the ocean. The breeze is blowing her hair away from her face — she is stunning. I take her hand and lead her inside. 
“What is this place?” she asks. 
I unlock the door and help her inside. I close the door and turn on the lights for her to see. 
“It’s not done yet, but it’s my beach house. Vincent still has the outside to do and a few adjustments on the inside. It will be ready in a few more weeks. I wanted to bring you out here to see it.” 
She lets go of my arm and looks around. She walks through the house and into the kitchen. She slides her hand across the granite counters, and then she walks over to the window and looks out into the darkness. 
“This is breathtaking,” she says, looking out at the lanai. 
“I think so, too,” I say, looking at her. 
She is breathtaking. Everything about her is pretty great. No one can be that perfect. I walk her through the house and tell her about the new upgrades I made. 
We walk out into the lanai and we sit on the Adirondack chairs that are facing the private beach. They are the only pieces of furniture in the entire house. Some days it feels like it’s all the furniture I need. She looks at me and smiles. Almost as if she is thinking about something. I hold her hand — it feels cold. 
“Are you cold?” I ask. “Do you want to go?” 
“No, I’m fine. It’s so peaceful out here.” 
She closes her eyes and inhales the salty sea air. 
I don’t say anything, I just leave her to her thoughts. I let go of her hand and remove my jacket and drape it over her shoulders. 
”Better?” 
“Better, thank you.” 
I take her hand back into mine, and we stay silent for a few more minutes. We are both looking at the stars and listening to the relaxing sounds of the beach. 
She opens her eyes and looks at me. 
“Thank you, Mason. I had a really great time tonight, and thank you for sharing this with me,” she says, waving her free hand in front of her. 
I take my free hand and place it on the side of her neck. I rub my thumb over her top lip then her bottom lip. 
I look directly into her eyes and say, “Angel, you don’t need to thank me. I had a wonderful time tonight, and thank you for coming out here with me. I love this place, but it was really nice for me to share it with you. Next time you come, hopefully I’ll have some furniture and drinks.” 
I lean in slowly and kiss her sweetly. God, she smells so good, like cinnamon and peaches. Her lips are so soft against mine. I deepen the kiss and she opens her mouth slightly for me. Our tongues meet and I could kiss her forever. I slowly end our kiss and lean back to look at her. Her eyes are still closed. When she opens them, I smile. 
“Hi.” 
“Hi,” she replies. 
I stand up and take her hand. 
“Come on, Beauty. It is time for me to take you home.” 
She stands, removes my jacket, and hands it to me, and then she stands on her tiptoes and kisses me on the cheek. 
I wrap my arms around her waist and lift her so our lips touch. She giggles, “Thank you, Mason, for everything,” she says while running her thumb across my cheek, trying to wipe off her lip gloss from my skin, and wrapping her other arm around my neck. 
“You are more than welcome,” I say lowering her to the ground. 
I lead her through the bare house, turning off lights and locking up as we go. I open the car door for her and she gets in. “Buckle up” is all I say before shutting her car door. I get into the driver side and fasten myself in. I look over at her when our phones alert us both about an incoming text. She pulls her phone from her purse and I grab my phone from the center console. We both laugh, look at each other and look back to our phones and laugh again. I turn my phone for her to read my text and she does the same for me. 
My text is from Vincent: V: SHE SAID YES! 
I read her text from Brea: B: I’M GETTING MARRIED!!! :) :) :) :)
We are both grinning ear to ear. 
“Well, it looks like a great day for all of us,” I say before pulling into the darkened road. 
Angel smiles, “Looks like a wedding is in the near future.” 
“It sure does.” 
I park the car in her driveway and look at her. 
“I know, stay put,” she giggles, “so you can open my door for me.” 
“Fast learner, I like that.” 
I get out, look around before opening her door for her. Smiling down at her, I reach my hand in for her to take. She does. I walk her to the door and wait for her to open it. 
“Want to come in?” Angel asks. 
She holds the door open for me. 
“No, thank you, it’s late and I need to get home. Thank you for a memorable evening, Angel.” 
I take my hand and place it gently on her cheek. I caress my thumb over her cheek and kiss her sweetly on her other cheek. I lean in and look her in her eyes. They are a beautiful brown. I try to read them, but I can’t, although I search her eyes. 
She places her hand softly over mine and leans her head into my palm. 
“Thank you. I had a great time, too.” 
‘You are more than welcome. Would you like to do something again next weekend?” 
“I thought you would never ask,” she giggles. 
I think I like drunk Angel; she is very honest. You don’t have to worry about what she is thinking. 
Smiling, I nod and say, “I’ll call you and tell you where and when. I want to do a little research before I tell you what time.” 
“Mmmm, sounds interesting. “ 
“Lock up, and I’ll talk to you later.” 
“Ok, good night, Handsome.” 
“Sweet dreams, Beauty.” 
I back up so she can close the door. I wait until I hear the locks click before turning to leave. 
I drive home with that stupid smile plastered to my face. It was a great night with a great girl. Now I need to plan something for next weekend. I get home and text Vincent. 
M: Congrats, man. I knew you had nothing to worry about. I am happy for you. 
I shower and head to bed. I grab my phone to text Angel, but I have a text waiting for me. It’s from an unfamiliar number. I open it up and damn if it’s not from Julia. 
J: I need to see you. 
I swear I can’t hit delete fast enough. That is one person I have no desire to see, ever! 
My phone dings; I have a feeling of dread. I reluctantly look and it’s from Vincent. Thank God. 
V: Thanks, man, I was scared shitless. 
M: I know you were, but see, you had nothing to worry about. Why are you texting me and not cuddled up with your girl? 
V: She is sound sleep. I wanted to see how your night went. 
M: It was great. I really like her. Oh, yeah, guess who was there with Dickhead? 
V: No… please don’t tell me Julia was there. 
M: Oh, yeah, sitting practically in front of us through our entire meal. She came over to the table when Angel went to the ladies’ room. 
V: And…? 
M: She just wanted to say it was great seeing me and that I was looking really good. Blah, blah. I stopped listening soon after. 
V: She is crazy, Mason. I am so glad you got away from her. 
M: Me, too. Get off here and cuddle with your girl. I’ll see you Monday for racquetball, right? 
V: Sure will. See you, man. 
My phone dings with another text. It’s from Angel. 
A: Mason? 
M: Angel? 
A: Thank you again for tonight. I really had a great time. 
M: I should thank you. I also think I owe you an apology. 
A: Really? For what? 
M: For Julia. I had no idea she would be there, and I really had no idea she would approach me. I never intended to put you in the middle of that crap with her. 
A: Pfft, don’t you dare give it another thought. We all have a past we would like to leave behind us. 
M: Well, thank you for a lovely evening. Do you have any ideas about what you want to do next weekend? 
A: Not off the top of my head. I’m up for almost anything. . 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
A: Good night, Handsome. 
I lay there in bed wide awake. It would have been a perfect night if Julia hadn’t been there. Now I get a text from her after what, six months? I run my hand through my hair wondering what she is thinking. I am so through with her and her crap. Why on earth would she want to see me? She made her decision back then. 
I wake up feeling refreshed. I shower, have coffee, and straighten up the condo before heading out to pick up my Dad. 
We both agree on the same office space for my practice. The location is perfect with plenty of parking. It was a pretty easy decision. I need to get it up and running. I already know who I want working there; they just have to accept the job. I need to get some supplies and office furniture, then I am good to go. 
We are having lunch in a small restaurant when I tell Dad about my blind date and how well it’s going. I also tell him I saw Julia out last night and about her text wanting to see me. He nods in understanding but won’t say anything. He wants me to figure it out on my own. 
We stop by the beach house, and I show him the progress and the updates. It is really starting to come together. The landscapers should he here this week. Dad tells me I need to start looking for furniture or to hire someone to do it for me. I have no idea how to decorate and Mom and Madison don’t have time. I never thought about hiring someone. Good idea. I’ll research that this week. 
I drop him off at home. Mom is still out with Madison. We make plans to golf later this week. I head home to get some sleep before my shift tonight. 
Chapter Three: New Troubles
Angel
God, I feel like I am in a dream. Mason and the date were wonderful. I head into the bedroom, shower, and slip on a tank top and yoga pants. I am in an exceptionally great mood. I am still smiling to myself. I grab my phone and text Mason, wondering if he’s still up. 
A: Mason? 
M: Angel? 
A: Thank you again for tonight. I really had a great time. 
M: I should thank you. I also think I owe you an apology. 
A: Really? For what? 
M: For Julia’s behavior. I had no idea she would be there, and I really had no idea she would approach me. I never intended to put you in the middle of that crap with her. 
A: Pfft. Please do not give it another thought. We all have a past we would like to leave behind us. 
M: Well, thank you for a lovely evening. Do you have any ideas what you want to do next weekend? 
A: Not off the top of my head. I’ll think about it. 
M: Sweet dreams, Angel. 
A: Good night, Handsome. 
I turn off the lights and head to bed and hopefully dream of today. 
I awake to the sun shining through the bedroom window. Still lying in bed, I stretch my arms and legs with a moan. It feels good to lie here. I still have a few minutes before the alarm goes off. The bed is soft and inviting, and I could stay here all day, but work is calling me. 
I shower and spend a little extra time on my hair and makeup. I pick up coffee and bran muffins for Brea, Sara, and myself before heading into the office. 
Parking in my designated spot, I am disappointed to see I am the only one here. I am excited to hear how their weekend went, but I am also excited to share with them about my date night with Mason. With my hands full, I awkwardly unlock the office door. I lay the coffee, muffins, my purse, and briefcase down on my desk. When I turn to shut the door, I am frozen in my tracks. 
Jim is standing there and looking at me with rage in his eyes. 
“What’s the matter, Ang? You don’t look happy to see me,” he says while closing the door behind him, never taking his eyes off mine. 
I stand there. I can’t move. I can’t speak. He reaches behind him and locks the deadbolt, still watching me intently. He smirks and walks slowly towards me. 
“You didn’t think I would just let you walk away, did you, Angel?” 
I back up against the desk, keeping my eyes on his. I need to buy some time. Sara and Brea will be here soon. It feels like minutes although it’s only been seconds. I have nowhere to go. He walks up to me and slaps me hard across my face. I fall back onto the desk, spilling the hot coffee and I grab my face in my hands. My face feels like it’s on fire. The tears are blurring my vision. I say a silent prayer. Please, God. 
“Get up, bitch,” he screams at me with hatred. 
I stand on shaky legs. I want to scream, I want to run, but I can’t move. I try to focus on him, but I can’t see through the tears. He hits me again with his fist and it knocks me off my feet. I fall onto the desk and then onto the floor. I can feel the warmth of blood on my face coming from my nose, or maybe it’s my mouth. I can’t tell. I am holding my face in my hands, the pain is horrific. I am sobbing. Shock has taken ahold of my body. I am unable to move. I can hear him walking, but I can’t see him. The tears in my eyes and the swelling to my face from his violent rage have distorted my vision. In one swift move, the air leaves my body in a rush and I can’t breathe. I gasp for air but none comes. I pray for a quick death. I don’t want to suffer from his hands anymore. Haven’t I suffered enough? Jim is sitting on my chest, holding my hands above my head so I can’t move. He says something, but I can’t make out his words. He leans close to me. I can feel the warmth of his breath on my cheek and can smell the day-old alcohol on his breath. The bile begins to rise from my stomach. 
“You will never be rid of me. Do you hear me, Ang?” He speaks so softly, almost like he is talking to a frightened child. He licks my cheek and says, “I will kill you before you leave me again.” The soft tone in his voice makes it all the more chilling. 
He kisses me hard on my lips, trying to push his tongue into my mouth. If I don’t get out of here, he will kill me. My endorphins kick in and it’s fight or flight. I have no way out of here, so fight is my only option. I kick and scream trying to get away, but nothing works. He is screaming at me, but I don’t hear the words. He begins to choke me. I can’t breathe. I try to scream, but nothing comes out. I try to knee him in the balls, but I can’t reach his groin with my knee. 
I open my eyes and grasp at my neck to try to loosen his hold, but nothing is there. I am gasping for air and sobbing. My heart is racing. I am fighting and flailing at the covers. I scream and cry out. I get up and run towards the door. 
The room is dark. I am in my bedroom. A bad dream! I wipe the tears from my eyes and look around. It was only a dream. I look around the room again and I am alone. I go back to bed and lie there trying to quiet my breathing and calm my racing heart. My hands are still on my neck. It seemed so real. I lie still, shaking, too afraid to move. I try to focus on the tick-tock of the clock. I close my eyes and try to remember I am safe. I am in my home. He can’t get to me. 
I turn on the bed-side lamp and walk into the bathroom. My face and neck are blotchy and my eyes are swollen from crying. I splash cold water on my face and take a big drink of water. I look back at my reflection in the mirror. I am all too familiar with the girl looking back at me. I thought when I left L.A. I would never see her again. I look broken. I thought my days of being terrorized by him were over. Even in my dreams, that bastard haunts me. 
I go back to bed and pull the covers up to my chin. Trying to control my sobbing, I lean back against the headboard and listen to the sounds of the clock. Tick-tock, tick-tock. It is 3:43 a.m. I lie there with the bed-side lamp still on. Too afraid to go back to sleep, and too afraid to get up. I can’t move. The dream was all too real. I am truly not rid of him. He can still find me. I was stupid to think putting a few states between us would stop him. His rage is building more every day, of this I am certain. 
I need a plan. Was the dream a warning? Could he have moved on without me? Is he planning his revenge on me? I can’t shake the fear that looms around me. I need to call Uncle Raúl. He may be able to fill in some of the blanks for me. 
I lay there until I realize sleep is useless I get up and shower, put on a white sundress, and pull my hair into a high ponytail. I make a list of things I need to do today. 
I clean up the house, do laundry, run the sweeper, and have breakfast. 
When I reach Uncle Raúl at home and not at the precinct, I am thankful.

“Tío Raúl, como estas?” [“Uncle Raúl, how are you?”]

“Mi querida Angel, estamos bien. y tu cómo has estado?” [“My dear Angel, we are well. How have you been?”]

“Angel, María y yo te hemos extrañado. Nos gustaría ir a visitarte” [“Angel, Maria and I have missed you. We would like to come down for a visit.”]
 
“Ok, me encantaría que me vinieran a visitar. Los he echado de menos. Las cosas en el trabajo van bien aunque es mucho y paso bien ocupada. Me encantan las chicas con las que trabajo. Ellas me presentaron a un chico que es doctor y trabaja en la sala de emergencias del hospital local. He salido en varias ocasiones con él y realmente me gusta mucho.  ” [“Ok, I would love for you guys to visit. I have missed you. Work is busy, but things are going very well, I love the girls I work with. They fixed me up with a doctor who works in the emergency room at the local hospital. We went on a few dates, and I really like him.”]

“Que bien Angel me alegro mucho de oírte tan contenta, te lo mereces.” [“That’s great, Angel, I’m glad to hear you are happy. You deserve to be.”]
 I tell him about my dream and ask if he has seen Jim around. He tells me he hasn’t seen him, but he will call a friend to see what’s going on. He tells me Jim’s job transferred him to another district. He tells me he wished I had told him about Jim; instead, he had to hear it from his sister Rosita. He also tells me he’s grateful I never married Jim, and I readily agree. He says he feels responsible and guilty for not seeing the signs of the abuse. I remind him that I am fine. That it’s not his fault and I didn’t want to burden him with my problems. We say our goodbyes, and he says he will call this week when he hears something about Jim. 
I feel better. He and Aunt Maria are my only family in the states and I miss them. I need to call them more often. 
Next I text Mason. 
A: Hey. 
It’s Sunday, I probably shouldn’t bother him. He’ll probably think I’m some needy/clingy girl. Ugh! 
M: Hey, yourself. 
A: What are you up to today? 
M: Picking up my Dad to look at some real estate for my practice. What’s up? 
 God, I feel like an idiot. I should have known he wouldn’t be sitting at home on a Sunday. 
A: I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to bother you. Text me when you’re not busy. 
M: Angel, no, it’s ok. I’m alone. What’s wrong? 
A: I was wondering if you would mind taking me to the gun range sometime this week? 
M: I would love to. Is there a particular day you are thinking of going? 
A: I work 8 a.m.-4 p.m. so anytime in the evening is good. 
The sooner the better, I think to myself. 
M: I work tonight, so how about tomorrow evening? I’ll pick you up at 5 p.m. They close at 7 p.m., I think. 
A: That would be great, thank you. Are you sure? I don’t want to be a bother. 
M: Stop being ridiculous. I would love to. You have to promise me something, though. 
A: Mmmm, that depends? 
M: No heels! You have to wear boots or tennis shoes. 
A: Is that all? Ok, I promise. 
M: Good, see you tomorrow @ 5 p.m.... 
Great, moving right along with my list, I grab my laptop and search for gun stores. I find they are all closed on Sundays. The Young Guns and Safety gun shop is nearby and opened tomorrow, I’ll try to leave work early tomorrow before I go to the gun range. If I’m going to learn to shoot, I might as well own my own gun. 
I decide to bake a cake and take it over to Josephine and Carl. We sit outside and have cake and coffee on this lazy Sunday evening. They send me home with some oranges and grapefruits fresh from their trees. 
I think about going for a run, but I can’t shake the dream. It felt so real. I stay in and prepare for my work week. 
When the day is over, I go to bed and just lie there. My phone chimes; Mason is calling. 
M: Sweet dreams, Beauty. 
A: Have a safe night at work, Handsome. 
He always puts a smile on my face. I fall asleep with thoughts of Mason. 
I arrive at work first. I don’t go in; instead, I wait in my car for Sara and Brea to arrive. I wanted to get coffee and muffins for us before work, but couldn’t bring myself to do it. They come pulling in right after the other, just a few minutes after I arrive. I smile when I see them. It has only been a weekend, but I have missed them. 
Once we are settled inside, Brea shows off her gorgeous two-carat, princess-cut diamond-set-in-platinum-and-gold engagement ring. The ring is stunning, and Brea is glowing. She talks about the romantic dinner they had and when they went back to the hotel room how he got on one knee and poured out his soul to her. It makes my heart melt just hearing about it. Sara and I hug her tightly. She asks Sara to be her Maid of Honor and me to be her Bridesmaid. Of course, we both accept. She wants a beach wedding sometime in the fall or early winter, once it cools off. I am happy for her — she deserves her happiness. 
Sara talks about her and Donovan’s half-marathon and how much money they were able to raise for breast cancer. She talks about how sore she and Donovan are, although they had been training for it. They didn’t finish first, but that didn’t matter — it wasn’t a competitive race. She says that Donovan wouldn’t leave her side, although she was holding him back. They finished the half-marathon and they raised money for a good cause; that’s all that counts. She is excited to announce they signed up for another half-marathon to support research about Autism. It is scheduled for next month. I am happy for her — she and Donovan are doing something good in the world and staying healthy. A win-win for everyone. 
I share about my date with Mason and the fabulous restaurant we went to. I tell them about Julia being there and how irritated she looked when she left. I tell them about Mason taking me to his beach house and we sat outside watching the stars. I tell them what a gentlemen he was — always holding the doors open and pulling my chair out for me. I share that we are doing something next weekend, but I am not sure what yet. 
We work non-stop, only stopping briefly for lunch. I ask if I can leave a little early today, but I don’t tell them why. I change my clothes in the back room into a t-shirt, jeans, and combat boots. I say my goodbyes with hugs and head to the gun store. 
I park my car and walk into the Young Guns and Safety store in Sarasota. I am surprised to see Mason standing at the counter. The bell over the door rings, alerting the employees that someone is entering. Mason and the store clerk both look up in unison. I smile a genuine smile and walk over to them. 
"Hi,” I say, smiling because I’m happy to see him. 
“Hi, yourself. I’m surprised to see you here.” 
He wraps his arm around my waist and bends down to kiss me. 
I kiss him back. Not sure what to say, I decide on partly the truth. 
“I thought if I was going to learn to shoot I would need my own gun,” I say, smiling. I don’t tell him I have a crazy ex out there, and I am afraid he will come after me and kill me if he has the chance. 
I wrap my arm around his waist. 
“And I’m surprised to see you here, too.” 
“I’m here to restock my ammunition. We may need it to shoot today,” he says and winks at me. 
“You can help me pick out my new gun. I thought I would like the same gun you brought to the shooting range for me to shoot the other day.” 
“Do you want to see what other guns they have before you decide on the 38 special?” 
“No, I think I like that gun.” 
He motions for the sales clerk and asks him to show us what they have. 
The sales clerk lays out on the glass counter several Smith and Wesson 38 Specials in different colors and sizes. He explains the process of a 72-hour hold on releasing the gun until clearance is received to release the gun. It’s good to know not just anyone can buy a gun. I decide on a black Smith and Wesson 38 Special, just like the one Mason let me use, but his was silver. I thought about the pink one, but it looked like a toy. What I need it for is not child’s play. Protecting my life is as serious as it gets, and I need a serious-looking gun. I pay for my purchase and show my I.D. to the sales clerk. I also buy a lock box to store my gun in and some ammunition. I have to wait the mandatory 72 hours before I can take my purchase home. I try to buy the ammunition that Mason has lined up on the counter, but he refuses to let me. 
We walk outside, and Mason opens his passenger door for me. 
I say, “I have my car. I’ll meet you there.” 
“We’ll drive together and then I’ll bring you back here to get your car.” 
He motions for me to get in and asks, “Have you eaten yet?” 
I do what he asks and get into his car. Not sure why I always do what he wants, maybe because I like him and trust him, but I am not sure. 
“I had lunch at 11.” 
“Lunch, that’s what I thought. Buckle up,” he says, closing my door. Once again, I do what he says. 
He gets in and fastens his own seatbelt before looking over at me to see if mine is on. 
“We’ll grab some food near the gun range, first.” 
It’s not a question but a statement. He is always the nurturer. 
We talk easily during the drive to the diner. He parks his car and gets out. I stay seated, not because he tells me but because I know that’s what he wants. He comes around to my door, opens it, and reaches his hand in for me to take, and I do. His mother would be proud to see the gentlemen that she has raised. He always puts me first when we are together. We walk hand in hand into Popi’s Diner and are led to a small table near the window that overlooks the parking lot. He holds my chair out for me. I thank him, and he sits across from me. 
Popi’s Diner is plain and simple. It has black and white tiled floors, metal tables and chairs, and a pink silk carnation in a small bud vase that sits in the center of each table, beside the salt and pepper and the paper napkin dispenser. The small menus are stacked in between the salt and pepper shakers. 
He looks at me, smiles, and says, “It’s nothing fancy, but they have great food and the service is always good.” 
We scan the menu and the waitress comes over and takes our drink order. We both decide on water. She says she’ll return in a few minutes for our dinner order. I lay my menu down and he smiles at me. 
“I’m going to have the B.L.T. and potato soup.” 
“Same here,” he says, laying his menu down on top of mine. 
The waitress returns and he orders for both of us. He carries such authority everywhere he goes. I wonder if he knows how sexy that is. 
He reaches over the table with one hand and takes mine in his. He is looking at me with concern in his eyes. I smile to try to put him at ease. 
“I was glad to get your text yesterday.” 
“I’m sorry. I feel bad that you were in the middle of something. I didn’t mean to bother you.” 
“I’m never too busy for you; if you need me, I’m there for you. Do you understand, Angel? Don’t ever think twice about contacting me," he says with complete sincerity. 
“Thank you, Mason,” I say while looking at the paper napkin on my lap. Then I look up at him. 
He rubs his hand on his scruffy chin and says to me, “I am a little concerned about the sudden interest in the shooting range and now the newly purchased gun. I can’t help but think maybe something has happened.” 
Playing with my napkin, I don’t look at him. I have no idea what to say. I can’t tell him the truth. He’ll think I’m overreacting from a stupid dream. He won’t understand, and he doesn’t need to know what my life was like before. I shift in my seat. The power that Jim holds scares me to death. He’s a detective for God’s sake. He has the ability to hunt me down, kill me, and hide my body so I can never be found. He has threatened to do that on many occasions, and I believe that he is capable of doing that. The dream was just a wakeup call, I’m certain. Tears fill my eyes and I will them away. I blink and they fall down my cheek. 
“Angel?” 
I look up at him. 
“I’m sorry, this was a mistake. I never should have called you,” I say, removing the paper napkin from my lap. “I never should have involved you,” I add, standing up from the chair. 
He is already standing before I can turn away from the table. He reaches out and grabs my arm and turns me to face him. He places both of his hands on my face and brushes my tears away with his thumbs. I look into his eyes and he is trying to read my soul. I don’t know why he does that. I feel so vulnerable when I am with him. He holds me to his chest. It feels so good to be hugged and cared for. I wrap my arms around him and let him hold me. He strokes my hair over and over. The server comes over and wants to know if everything is ok. I can feel Mason raise his hand, but I am not sure what he does. We stay there for I have no idea how long. I finally back away from him with a weak smile. 
“We should eat,” I say, wiping away the stray tears. 
He holds my chair out for me and scoots it in slightly before he takes his own seat. We eat in silence. 
We enter the Bullseye Pistol Range, and he registers us. We show our I.D.s and get an assigned area. He puts his hand gently on the small of my back and leads me to the same spot we had Saturday. He opens his backpack and lays one weapon out, some ammunition, ear plugs, and safety goggles. I look at him. 
“Where’s your weapon?” 
“Today it’s about you, Beauty,” he deadpans. “Do you remember what I showed you about tearing the gun down and putting it back together?” 
“I do.” 
I take the gun and remove the parts and name them for him. I put the parts back together and name them again. I check the safety. I place the bullets into the chamber and look at him with a smile. I put the safety on. 
“Good girl.” 
He takes the target and lowers it for me. He watches me intently. 
I place the earplugs in my ears and put the safety goggles on. I take my stance and aim at my target, just like he showed me. I reload while he watches. I shoot and reload. He leaves the same target in place. He watches me and corrects me when I need it. After I run out of shells, he raises the target for me and he smiles. 
“Very good, Beauty. I think you’re a natural,” he says, beaming at me. 
I look at the target and I didn’t do that bad. I missed some, but I did pretty well. I try to swallow the knot in my throat, but can’t. I open my mouth to try to speak but close it again — the words won’t form. I am so overwhelmed that I can’t speak. I want to thank him and tell him how much I appreciate him but the knot in my throat is still there. I walk over to him with tears in my eyes and he opens his arms for me. I hug him and his arms enclose around me. He smells so good, like spice and sandalwood. He feels so good, I could stay here forever. I feel safe with him and for once I feel I may be able to protect myself. 
An announcement comes over the loudspeaker alerting us they are getting ready to close. 
I kiss him on his lips. 
“Thank you so much. I hope you know what this means to me.” 
I am truly grateful to him. 
“You are more than welcome, Beauty.” 
We load up his weapon and supplies into his backpack. We walk hand in hand to his car. He places his backpack in the trunk of his car and then holds the door open for me. I look up at him and tell him how much I appreciate it. I get in and I grab the seatbelt and hold it out for him. 
“Don’t say it,” I say, strapping the seatbelt over me, laughing at him. 
He smiles that dimple smile that I love, and winks at me. 
“Safety first, Beauty.” 
He drives me to my car talking about the great improvements I have made and tells me how proud he is of me. I smile excitedly. It feels good to hear someone tell you how proud they are of you, and I feel like maybe I can do this. 
He pulls in next to my car and looks around the empty lot of Young Guns and Safety. He is always so cautious. I feel so safe when I am with him. He unbuckles his seatbelt the same time I unbuckle mine. He turns slightly in his seat and looks at me. I turn towards him, too. I owe him an explanation or an apology, something for earlier. I’m not sure what to say. 
He clears his throat and takes my hand and covers it completely with both of his. 
“Angel, I want you to know you have nothing to fear when you are with me. I will never hurt you or do anything to hurt you. Do you believe me?” 
I nod, without losing eye contact. He clears his throat again and says, “Good, I also want you to know you can tell me anything. If you have something you need to talk about, you can tell me. I will never judge you. Do you believe me?” 
I can only nod again. 
“I may not have the answers, but I have excellent resources and we can find the answers together.” 
I clear my throat. 
“Mason, I know you would never hurt me. I can see it in your everyday actions. I do feel safe with you. I am amazed that in such a short time I feel so close to you. Mason, please try to understand,” I say, breaking eye contact and looking out the window behind him, before looking back to him. “I am a very private person, and some things in my life I can’t share. Some things in my life are just too personal. I don’t want to bare my ugly past and my personal demons and taint this,” waving my hand between us, “before it has a chance to get started.” 
He caresses my knuckles with his thumb. 
“Angel, you don’t need to go through this alone, whatever it is. I have broad shoulders. I can bear the weight of whatever it is you are dealing with. I want to help you.” 
“I know you do and you already have. I just can’t open up, not yet. Please try to understand.” 
He looks out the windshield, before looking at me, “I’ll respect your privacy because I don’t have a choice, but remember, whenever you want to talk, I am here.” 
I lean over to kiss him. He places his hands on my cheeks and leans into me. I close my eyes. He smells so good, and his hands feel so strong on my face. He pulls me closer to him and kisses me slowly. I moan, he deepens the kiss, and there is no other place I want to be. I put my arm around his neck trying to get as close to him as I can. His tongue enters my mouth eagerly and he lifts me over the console so I am sitting on his lap, without our lips losing contact. He caresses my cheek and slows the kiss. I pull away slowly and he moans softly. 
“God, Mason, I love kissing you.” I open my eyes and he is looking at me with lust in his eyes. I am certain the look in his eyes matches mine. “God, you have no idea.” 
He kisses me one last time. 
He opens his car door and helps me stand. He stands up next to me and takes me by the hand and leads me to my car. He opens his passenger door and hands me my purse. I unlock my car door and he opens it up for me. I get in and buckle up before he has a chance to remind me. He leans in and kisses me gently on my lips. 
“I’ll follow you home,” he says before he shuts my door and I have a chance to protest. 
I know it is no use. I wait for him to get in his car before I back out. He follows me home and walks me to my door. Looking around, he waits for me to enter the house. 
“Want to come in?” I ask. 
“Just for a second.” 
I open the door wide for him, and he comes in and walks around the house. He looks at the windows and checks the lock on the lanai door. I stand there, looking at him with my arms crossed and an eyebrow raised. He peeks his head into the spare bedrooms and in my room. 
“Looking for something?” I ask, still standing near the front door. 
Walking over to me, he smiles and says, “No, just want to make sure my girl is safe.” 
He bends down and kisses me on my nose and opens the front door. 
“Lock up and I’ll text you when I get home. I’ll wait outside until I hear both locks and the chain secured,” he says as he leaves and closes the door behind him. 
Of course, I do exactly as he says. I secure both locks and the chain and leave the porch light on. Serious, overprotective Mason is definitely hot. I shower and get ready for bed. 
Mason
Once I hear Angel secure the locks on her house, I head home. I think about what she must be going through. I have no idea what it is, but it can’t be good. I wish she would open up to me. I haven’t known her long, but I feel the need to protect her. I don’t know why, but I do. She isn’t like anyone else I have ever met before. So independent yet so frightened. 
I enter the code to my penthouse, and I am shocked to see Julia standing in the hall foyer in front of the entrance door to my condo. 
“How did you get up here?” I ask, shocked to see her here. 
“Mason, don’t look so pissed. I have your elevator passcode, remember?” 
“I didn’t think you would have the nerve to show your face around here, but obviously, I was wrong. What do you want?” 
I just stand there. I’m not about to unlock the door to my condo with her there. I want her gone. 
“I tried to go into your condo, but my key wasn’t under the mat. When did you remove my key?” 
“Since you cheated on me and we broke up, which I’m glad we did. All I need is for you to make yourself at home while I’m out. Oh, and get this right, that is my key — not yours.” 
 “I’m sorry, it was a mistake. I want to talk to you. I sent you a text, but you didn’t respond.” 
“I did respond. I ignored it. That was my response.” 
“Mason, don’t be like that.” 
“Don’t be like that? You have got to be kidding me! I don’t have anything to say to you, Julia. It’s that simple. Things ended exactly the way you wanted. You really need to leave.” 
“I made a terrible mistake. I’m sorry.” 
“You’re sorry! I don’t believe this! I’m not sorry. You did me a huge favor, and I should be thanking you. If you didn’t cheat on me, I never would have met Angel.” 
“Mason, don’t be so mean. I love you. I want to work things out and have things be like they used to be with us. Don’t you remember how good it was with us?” 
She walks over to me and tries to put her hand on my arm. I back away. I don’t want any part of her. 
“Julia, what I remember about our relationship is that you were having sex a hell of a lot more often than I was. The thought of you makes me fucking sick. This ended exactly the way it should have.” 
I summon the elevator, because I am done with her and this conversation. 
“Mason, that’s not fair.” 
“Leave and don’t you ever show up here again.” 
The elevator arrives and she reluctantly gets on. She looks at me with tears in her eyes. 
“I mean it, Julia. Don’t show your face around here again. I have moved on and you need to as well. We are over.” 
“I wouldn’t count on that,” she says and glares at me before the elevator door closes. 
I go inside the condo and slam the door behind me. Taking a deep breath, I head straight to the bar and pour myself a Scotch and down it. I pour another and head outside and try to clear my head. What the fuck is wrong with her! My phone dings with a text message alert. It’s from Donovan. 
D: Wanna go to the Tiki bar Wednesday? 
M: Sure, who all is going? 
D: Me, Vincent, and the girls. Ask Angel if she wants to go. 
M: Ok, sounds like fun. 
D: How is it going with you guys? 
M: Great, I like her. She’s pretty awesome. 
D: She seems pretty cool. Sara and Brea love her. See you Wednesday. 7 p.m.? 
M: Sounds good. 
I shower and turn on the TV. I text Angel to see if she wants to hang out Wednesday. 
M: Angel? 
A: Mason? 
I do love her playful side. 
M: Busy? 
A: No, just reading. 
M: About one of your book boyfriends? 
A: Of course. 
M: I’m jealous. 
A: Don’t be. I love him, but it’s you I’m thinking of. 
M: Good to know. Are you thinking about what a great kisser I am, or how sexy and intelligent I am? 
That should shock her. 
A: No, I was thinking about how overprotective you are and how sexy that is. 
M: You always know what to say. Donovan just texted and wanted to see if we wanted to go to the Olearys Tiki Bar after work on Wednesday. Sara, Brea, and Vincent will be there. Interested? Thursday is a holiday so no work for the girls, and it’s my day off. 
A: Is this a date? 
M: Does it matter? 
A: Nope. 
M: Then it’s a date. 
A: Can I wear heels? 
M: Oh, God…. Yes, please. 
A: Good, then it’s a date. 
M: Good, I’ll pick you up at 6:30. 
A: Ok, Good night, Handsome. 
M: Sweet dreams, Beauty. 
I lay my phone down and think back to the conversation I had with Angel. I want to figure out what is going on with her. She wants me to respect her privacy, but something has her frightened enough to buy a gun. I grab my laptop and pull up Google. Am I prying if I use Google to search for her name? I feel like a spy. My hands hover over the keypad … fuck, I can’t do it. I can’t betray her trust. I have to believe she’ll tell me when she is ready. 
I instead shop for office supplies and furniture for my new private practice. In a few weeks I want it up and running. My last day at the hospital is coming up. I need to get with Carla and offer her a job she can’t turn down. 
I get a text from Julia, I delete it without reading it. I don’t care what she has to say. My thoughts return to Angel. Sometimes she acts like she’s into me, then other times she pulls away. When our fingers touched on the boat that first day, she quickly pulled away. Then when Donovan and I saw her and Brea at the pub she hid behind her menu, like she didn’t want me to see here. Then other times she calls me Handsome and says she thought I would never ask for a second date. 
What is she afraid of? Is she afraid of getting too close to me? Afraid of falling for me? Afraid I might hurt her? Afraid someone else might hurt her? She bought a gun today. Why? What is she hiding from? Who would hurt her? There must be a way for me to get the answers from her. She’ll open up when she is ready, right? She’s more open when she drinks. Maybe Wednesday at the tiki bar she’ll open up to me. 
I work the next two days on dayshift. I run when I can. I played racquetball with Vincent, Donovan, and my Dad. We had a drink afterwards, and it felt great hanging out with them. My Dad fits right in, and the guys love him. My Dad is 53 and is in better shape than I am. 
I call my mother, and we chat about the beach house and the new painting she has for me. She is so excited about it. My mother can never keep a secret. She tells me it’s a canvas painting of a Florida sunset on Long Boat Key. Knowing my mother, it will be perfect for the beach house. I tell her I bought some office supplies and ask her if she would mind online shopping for my office waiting room furniture and office desks and chairs. I tell her what I need and how many. My mother loves to shop, especially if it’s someone else’s money she is spending. She tells me she and Madison will get right on it. 
I call Angel and tell her I know what we are doing for Saturday. I tell her it is something she will love and is good at, and I tell her she needs to wear comfortable shoes. She begs me to tell her where we are going, but I don’t. She will love what I have planned for her, and to be honest, no one more is suited to do it than she is. She acts like she is pouting when I refuse to tell her where we are going. 
I run home and shower after work before picking Angel up. I decide on plaid shorts, a white polo and tan Sperrys. I spray on cologne and head out to pick her up. I knock on her door and wait for her to answer. She answers the door wearing a bright yellow sundress and white fuck-me heels with a glass of white wine in hand. 
“You look absolutely stunning, Miss Perez.” 
“Thank you, you look pretty handsome yourself, Mr. Myles,” she says as she places her wineglass on the foyer table. Turning back towards me, she locks up and links her arm in mine as we walk towards the car. 
She stands by the car door and waits for me to open it for her. Before, she would have tried to open it herself, but now she waits for me. I open her door for her, and as soon as she is seated she starts fastening her seatbelt. I get in and reach over and hold her hand during the ride over to the Tiki bar. She tells me she can pick up her new gun tomorrow and wants to see if I want to go with her to shoot it. Of course I do. She tells me that Josephine sent over some fresh-squeezed orange juice for me today. 
“I must have made an impression on them for her to make me fresh squeezed orange juice,” I say. 
“Nah, she just hates seeing all those oranges go to waste. You know how people are at that age? They don’t waste anything,” she says, completely knocking me down a notch, or four. 
“Ouch,” I say looking over at her and she is all smiles. 
"Ok, well, maybe you made some kind of impression on her,” she says, laughing. 
We pull up to Oleary’s Tiki Bar, and I help her out of the car. I swear every guy is looking at her. That’s right, Dickheads, she’s with me, I think to myself. I place my hand on the small of her back and guide her to the others already seating at the outdoor table near the water. A band is playing some Jimmy Buffet tunes, and the atmosphere is relaxed and fun. White Christmas lights are strung around the trunk of the tall palm trees that line the sidewalk from the parking lot to the outdoor seating area. 
A pitcher of beer and a pitcher of margaritas are already at the table when we arrive. Angel walks around to the guys and places her hand on their arms. She congratulates Vincent on his recent engagement with a hug. She hugs Donovan next and congratulates him on completing the half-marathon and on a job well done with raising money for such a great cause. I walk over to the girls and kiss them hello and congratulate them both. She walks over to join the girls who are already pouring her a drink. She looks up at me and smiles. 
I mouth to her, “Hungry?” and she mouths back, “Starving.” 
We order six different appetizers and one more pitcher of beer and another pitcher of margaritas. After my first beer, I decide to switch to water. I don’t want to drink and drive. I want to make sure Angel can drink and have a good time without worrying about if I’m too drunk to drive. 
We all eat together standing around the picnic table where tiki torches are lit and the white lights in the palm trees illuminate the seating area. They haven’t decided on a wedding date yet. They want to see what dates the venues have available first. They know it will be sometime in October or November. We talk about the upcoming wedding, venues, wedding colors, food, and entertainment for the reception. Brea says she want Cakes and Cups to make her wedding cake. Vincent just sits back and lets Brea take over the conversation. He smiles and nods while Sara and Angel talk with Brea about flower arrangements. Weddings are certainly a girl thing. The girls all talk animatedly about the upcoming event. 
Angel comes over to me and tells me she’s going to the ladies room. I tell her I was heading in that direction and I walk with her. 
I wait for her outside the ladies room. When she comes out, she is smiling the smile that melts my soul. She stumbles a couple of times before she rights herself. I reach my hand out for her and she automatically places her hand in mine. Giggling, she stands on her tiptoes, leans into me and whispers, “I think I’m drunk, my nips are lumb.” 
“Excuse me?” I say, laughing back at her. “I know what nips are, but what is a lumb?” 
She is giggling and says, “My nips,” as she purses her lips at me, “are lumb. I can’t feel them.” She says as she licks them. 
“Oh, your lips are numb?” I say, bearing an all-teeth-and-dimple smile. 
“Yup, that’s what I said, my nips are lumb.” 
I place my fingers on her chin to raise her mouth to mine. I kiss her softy. I swear I could hear her moan before I release her. 
“They don’t feel numb to me, Beauty.” 
She laughs and stumbles again before grabbing ahold of my arm. 
“Come on, Angel, time for me to take you home.” 
I walk her back to the others to say our goodbyes. Vincent and Donovan look at their girls and decide it’s time for all of us to leave. We settle up the check and assist the girls out to our vehicles. We all laugh at the giddiness of the three drunken girlfriends. Sara, Brea, and Angel hug each other like it’s their last goodbye. Good thing the insurance office is closed tomorrow, or three girls would be trying to work with some serious hangovers. 
I walk Angel the short distance to the car and help her inside. Once I get in, I lean over her to secure her seatbelt in place. I look over at her, and she has her eyes closed. I lightly touch her cheek with my hand, but she doesn’t stir. I drive the short distance to her cottage, and I park my car in her driveway. Her porch light and a few street lights are the only lights on this dimly lit road. She needs garage lights and a lamp post wouldn’t hurt either. 
I attempt to wake her up but with no luck. I open her purse in search of her house keys. Once I find them, I lift her from the car, purse and keys in my hand, and carry her to the front door. Once I figure out which key I need, I open the door and lock the door behind us. I attempt to wake her again with no luck. I carry her to the bedroom and lay her gently on her bed. I put her purse and keys on the dresser and then look over at her. She looks beautiful and peaceful. That bright yellow dress against her dark hair is a beautiful contrast. I walk into the kitchen in search of some Tylenol. I hear water running from her bathroom — she must be up. I grab the Tylenol and a bottle of water and head into her bedroom. 
She stumbles out of the restroom with her hair in a ponytail wearing a white tank top and a pair of blue shorts, holding onto the hallway wall for balance. She startles when she sees me and grabs her chest. 
“I’m sorry, Angel. I didn’t mean to scare you. I went to get you some water and pills for your hangover.” 
“That’s ok, but I don’t have a hangover,” she slurs. 
“If you don’t take these, you will,” I say, holding up the pills and water. 
I reach out for her and help her walk the short distance to the bed. She gets into bed under the sheets and quilt and sits up. 
I hand her two Tylenol and twist the cap off the bottle of water before handing it to her. 
“This will help in the morning.” 
“Thank you, Mason," she says after swallowing the pills. I take the water from her and place it on her bedside table. I lean down and cover her up as she snuggles under the covers. I rub my hand along her cheek and down the length of her arm. 
“Sweet dreams, Angel,” I say, kissing her forehead before standing to leave. 
“Mason?” she says in a very drunken tone. 
“I’m here, Angel,” I whisper, kneeling down beside her. 
“Will you stay with me tonight?” she asks with her eyes closed. 
“Angel, I’m afraid I would stay with you every night if you wanted me to.” 
“Please don’t let him hurt me,” she says so softly that I almost missed it. 
Angel
I lie in bed feeling better than I should. How many drinks did I have? I try to piece together the events of last night, but it’s a blurred memory. I head into the bathroom and find my dress and shoes strewn on the floor. I look in the mirror and find I also feel better than I look. 
I shower quickly, get the day-old mascara off my eyes and slip on a tee shirt and a pair of yoga pants. I apply some moisturizer to my face, brush my teeth, and pull my hair up into a high ponytail. 
Bacon? Taking another whiff, is that bacon and coffee I smell? Shit, Mason. I thought I dreamed that. Did I really ask Mason to stay the night with me? Crap, what else did I say to him? 
I cautiously open the bedroom door and find Mason standing with his back to me, at the stove making breakfast. I just stand there and admire him. Damn, if he doesn’t look dreamy. He is dressed in the same clothes as last night but his hair is wet. I notice the pillow and blanket folded up lying on the couch. He slept on the couch. My heart warms that he would stay. Why would he do anything drunken Angel would ask? Drunken Angel will say almost anything. I really need to not drink so much around him. 
“Good morning, Handsome,” I say, walking up to him. 
I stand on my tiptoes to kiss him, but he picks me up off the floor until we are eye and eye and kisses me on my lips. I kick my feet behind me and squeal from being scooped up off the floor. 
“Good morning to you, Gorgeous.” 
He winks at me and kisses me again before placing me back on my feet. 
Looking around the room, I ask, “Who are you talking to?” before reaching for two coffee mugs from the cabinet. 
“I’m talking to you, who else?” he says, filling the mugs with the coffee he’s already brewed. 
“Since when do you call me Gorgeous?” I ask handing him his coffee mug. “I was just starting to get used to Beauty.” 
“Since someone wakes up in the morning with a hangover looking as gorgeous as you do.” 
And there is it. He just stole my breath away with just a few words. How on earth can he do that? 
“Thank you. That is so sweet of you,” I say, wrapping my arms around his waist as he leans down and kisses the top of my head. 
“I hope you don’t mind. I made myself at home on the couch and showered. I found a new toothbrush in the linen closet and used it,” he says while turning the bacon over. 
“No, of course I don’t mind. I’m sorry I asked you to stay with me last night. I guess I didn’t want to be alone,” I say, putting the bread into the toaster. 
“Angel, don’t be sorry. It’s nice waking up and cooking breakfast with you.” 
“This is very much a couple’s thing we’re doing.” 
“Yes, it is. Can I tell people I stayed all night with you, now that we’re a couple?” 
He smiles while breaking the eggs into the skillet. 
“If I can tell people that you were the worst lay I have ever had, and that I had to finish by myself because you couldn’t hang,” I say, smiling sweetly and buttering the toast. 
He spews the coffee he was drinking all over himself. It comes out his nose and runs down his chin. He takes a paper towel off the counter to wipe the coffee off his face and shirt. 
“You wouldn’t dare,” he says, still wiping the coffee from his face and shirt. 
“Do you wanna try me?” I tease, putting the bacon, eggs, and toast on the plates. 
“Let’s eat, Beauty, before I show you who can’t hang,” he laughs and shakes his head. 
“Sounds great, Handsome,” I say, adding more coffee to the mugs. 
We sit at the table to eat. We talk nonstop about his new office for his practice and his beach house and its anticipated completion date. I ask him what we are doing Saturday, and he laughs and refuses to tell me. He says it’s some big surprise. He asks what time I want to pick up my new weapon and if I want to shoot at moving targets. I excitedly answer yes. I tell him I have to be at my cooking class at 6, but I’m free until then. We clean up and I change into jeans and heels before we head out together. He wants to go by his house first and change his coffee-stained clothes. 
Opening the front door and walking out into the Florida sunshine, I see the same SUV that was parked on the other side of Josephine and Carl’s the other night sitting across the street. Mason opens the car door for me and the SUV pulls off. I am becoming quite accustomed to this kind of treatment from him. He is going to ruin me for anyone else. His mother would definitely be proud of the man her son has become. 
We drive to his condo near the marina. I am surprised to see that he lives in the penthouse. He holds the door open wide for me and waits for me to enter. I walk into a very spacious foyer and see a table to the left of the door against a gray color wall. On it sits a glass vase of red roses and baby breath flowers and a beautiful crystal glass bowl. Above the table is a painting of a sailboat sailing on a beautiful summer day. The colors in the sails are so vibrant with reds, yellows, and blues. To the right of the foyer is all open floor plan of living space. The entire space is painted with pale gray walls and black marble floors and black granite counters. A large solid gray area rug lies in the center of the living room. The couch and oversized chair with ottoman are black leather and very modern; they face a very large gas fireplace and mantle. Above the mantle is another large canvas painting with abstract colors. It may be painted by the same artist, but I can’t be sure. 
“These are beautiful paintings — a local artist?” 
“Yes, my mother, Lilly. Sometimes I take it for granted at how talented she really is.” 
“Wow, she is very good. These are so beautiful.” 
“Thank you. She only paints for pleasure now. At one time she was going to make a career out of it.” 
“Oh, what changed her mind?” 
“She wanted a family, so she put her art work on hold. She still sells some of her paintings to local buyers, but mostly she paints as a hobby. My sister, Madison, is equally talented.” 
“Would you like something to drink, and please make yourself at home? I just want to change before we head out.” 
“Your home is very lovely and no, I’m fine, thank you,” I say as I walk over to look out the wall-to-wall windows overlooking the marina and a kissing statue. “I love that statue.” 
He walks over to me and wraps his arm around my waist, while looking outside at the view. “Me, too — it’s the main reason I bought this place. At night when the lights shine on it, it looks like it glows. This view is beautiful day or night.” 
“I can see why,” I say, smiling up at him. 
“I’ll be right back, Beauty. There’s bottled water in the fridge if you change your mind.” 
I walk into the brightly lit kitchen from natural sunlight. It is all so modern with top-notch stainless steel appliances. In the dining room there is a round glass table top with four black cloth high-back chairs. 
This is definitely a manly home. All modern and stark. I could do wonders with this space. 
Mason enters the room dressed in jeans and a tee. He is carrying the same backpack that he brought to the gun range before. 
“Hope I didn’t keep you waiting long? Are you ready to become a gun owner, Beauty?” he says, grinning. 
“I am ready, Handsome, lead the way. Are you shooting today, too?” 
“I thought I may need the practice after seeing you the other day,” he says, heading towards the door. 
We arrive at Young Guns and Safety and the salesman knows me immediately. 
“We have your gun ready for you, Miss Perez.” 
“Great, thank you.” 
I smile at Mason and we look around the store while we wait for the salesman to retrieve my gun. 
The salesman lays the box holding my newly purchased gun on the counter and opens the lid for me. My heart starts to pound and my palms become sweaty. I wipe my palms on the front of my jeans before looking into the box. The black Smith and Wesson 38 Special I picked out is stored neatly inside the box. I try to swallow the lump that is starting to form in my throat. All of a sudden, this has become real, too real. This gun is not for target shooting or for child’s play. This gun is to save my life if I am ever in a dangerous situation. Will I be able to use it? Will I be able to shoot someone if I need to? My thoughts drift back to Jim, my dream, and the years of abuse I suffered. My body starts to shake and all I want to do is curl up into a ball and hide. I can’t do this. I’m not strong enough for this. I let him beat me for two years, so what makes me think I can do something about it now? 
Someone strokes my bare arm gently, stirring me from my thoughts. I look up. Mason is looking at me with something stirring beneath his eyes. Concern, sympathy, I can’t be sure. I give him a slight smile. 
“Are you all right, Beauty?” 
“I’m fine.” 
I am lying. 
I tell the salesman, “Thank you. Would you bag it up for me, please?” 
“Don’t you want to hold it or check it out first?” he asks, confused. 
Mason steps forward and tells him, “Please just bag it up for her and get me four more boxes of ammo for this gun and four boxes of ammo for a Glock 17, thank you.” 
Mason keeps ahold of my arm while he settles the bill and carries the weapon and ammunition out of the store to his car and locks them securely in the trunk. 
He turns towards me, holds both of my arms, and asks, “Are you ok?” 
The only thing I can do is nod. I can’t look at him. He holds me against his chest and wraps his arms around me. I wrap both my arms around his waist and bury my face in his chest. He kisses the top of my head before resting his chin on it. 
“Please talk to me. What has you so frightened? God, Angel, I can see you shutting down. Please let me help you.” 
“I can’t. I’m sorry.” 
I just stand there and let him hold me. I just want to bury myself in his strength and his scent. I feel so safe here and I never want to leave. I can’t tell him about my ugly past. He won’t understand why I stayed for so long. What if he thinks I deserved it, or I’m weak? I just can’t tell him. 
He pulls away from me and cups my face with his hands. I look into his dark sad eyes. His eyes are pleading with me to tell him something, anything. I want to, but I can’t. He leans down and kisses me sweetly. He stops and rubs his thumb over my bottom lip. I close my eyes. I can’t look at him any longer. 
“Angel, look at me.” 
I open my eyes and look at him. He looks so desperate. 
“Please, let me help you, let me be there for you. Angel, I know we can figure it out.” 
His eyes are still searching mine. 
“I can’t. I’m sorry,” I say in a broken voice as I look away. 
I can’t look into the eyes of a man who looks so hurt. All he wants is for me to open up to him and I can’t. 
He opens the car door for me, and I get in. 
“Well then, let’s get you to target practice,” he says with a smile that doesn’t touch his eyes. I buckle up before he gets in. He looks over at me and says, “Good girl.” We drive the short distance to the shooting range. 
“The gun range has moving targets as well as still targets,” he explains. “We are going to have you shoot at moving targets today. It’s in a bigger area and they have people and animals that dart out at you from behind doors, buildings, and trees. It’s a lot tougher to shoot at moving targets, but we need to get your shooting skills better.” 
We get signed in and are directed to a different room from our previous visit. Mason hands me the box my gun is in and places his weapon out on the table in front of him. He takes the ammunition and sets it out on the table as well as the earplugs and goggles. He watches me open the box and remove my weapon. I hold it up and look at it. I already feel familiar with it. It is identical to the one of his that he had let me use. I place it on the table and tear it apart and put it back together again. He does the same. I can feel him watching me. He doesn’t say anything; he just watches. After we load the shells into our weapons, we place the goggles over our eyes, and ear buds in our ears. He takes his stance right next to me. 
“Angel, the targets will pop out at us from all over the place. When you see the target, you shoot it. They will start out slowly at first, then I’ll speed it up. Got it?” 
“Got it.” 
“Are you ready, Beauty?” 
I nod and say, “I’m ready.” 
The targets come out from different areas and are very hard to shoot. I miss all but one. 
“That’s ok, Beauty. I told you this would be more difficult.” 
He doesn’t shoot but stands there watching me. 
I reload and try again, and again. I am getting frustrated. I take a deep breath and reload again. 
“That’s my girl. Don’t give up; keep trying.” 
I take my stance and focus on the targets, I take a deep breath and nod when I am ready. The targets come out, and I shoot all but one. I look at Mason and he is smiling at me. He nods and tells me he knew I could do it. I thank him and reload my weapon. 
I take my stance and take another deep breath. 
“I’m going to speed it up. Nod when you’re ready.” 
I nod. The targets are faster and I shoot half of them. 
“Looking good, Angel. One more time.” 
I nod and the targets come faster, I still shoot half of them. I look at him and he is smiling at me. I can’t help but smile back at him. 
“You did great. I am so proud of you,” he says with joy in his voice. 
“Really? I missed as many as I hit.” 
“You didn’t give up. You kept at it until the end and you showed improvement every time. That’s why I am proud of you.” 
I lay my gun down on the table next to his and walk over to him. He wraps his arms around me and lifts me up off the ground, so we are eye to eye. 
Grinning ear to ear, I cup his face and look at him and say, “I have no idea what I did to deserve you, but I thank my God, you were my blind date at the boat marina. 
I pull his face to mine and kiss him. I wrap my legs around his waist, and he deepens the kiss when he kisses me back. I moan when his tongue enters my mouth. He tastes like mint toothpaste and smells like spice and sandalwood. It is a combination I would never get tired of. I run my fingers through his thick curly hair and pull him closer to me if that’s even possible. He moans and pulls away almost breathless. I open my eyes, and his eyes are still closed. He opens his eyes, and they are filled with lust. He looks from one eye to the other and back again before he kisses me again. I keep my legs wrapped around his waist and he kisses me even more intensely than before. He pulls away and leans his forehead against mine. 
“Damn, Angel. I swear I could kiss you forever.” 
He slowly lowers me to the ground and makes sure I have my balance before releasing me. 
“I’ll be ready in one minute; put these on,” he says, handing me the goggles and earplugs. 
He places his own goggles and earplugs on, takes his gun, takes his stance, and hits a button. The targets come out from every direction and at a faster pace than I have seen before and he shoots every single target. He is fluent and efficient. He lowers his gun and nods when he sees the shot-up targets. 
“Wow, that’s very impressive, Mason. Not only are you good looking but very skilled as well.” 
I wink at him. 
“That’s nothing, Beauty. I’ve got skills you haven’t seen yet.” 
He winks back at me, making me go weak at my knees. We tear the guns down and clean them, and he places his in his backpack and I place mine back in the box. He holds my hand as and we walk out to the car hand in hand. He rubs his thumb across my knuckles, which calms me. 
We are sitting in the car when he asks me what I want to do next. 
“I don’t care.” 
“I need to swing by the beach house first, and then how about we get some lunch over at the marina?” 
“Sounds great, Handsome.” 
I reach over and take a hold of his hand. He lifts my hand up to his lips and kisses it before lowering it to his lap. I close my eyes and just enjoy being with him and the warmth of his hands. He plays soft music on the radio, and we ride in comfortable silence to his beach house. 
We walk through his empty beach house. The workers must also have the day off. It is even more beautiful through the day. The private beach is empty. He tells me to look around and make myself at home while he checks on something outside. I do what I do best, I look around his empty house and imagine I am his own personal interior designer. I love the wall-to-wall sliding glass doors with all the natural light a person could dream of. It would be so awesome to decorate a home like this anyway I wanted. This house is completely empty. Decorating it from start to finish would be a dream come true. 
He enters the house and says he’ll be ready in a minute. 
“Take your time. I’m in no hurry,” I say as I walk through the last two bedrooms and let my imagination run wild. 
All the bedrooms have walk-in closets and wall-to-wall glass sliding doors that look out to the open waters. I wonder what he is doing with a beach house this size. It looks more like a family home. It is a huge house with four bedrooms, three baths, an office, family room, living room, kitchen, and formal dining room, a massive three-car garage and a large mudroom. White walls, tan granite counters, stainless steel appliances and tan tiled floors. Perfect choice for a beach house. All the rooms, including the lanai, have huge Bombay ceiling fans. 
“What are you thinking about, Angel?” 
I jump at the sound of his voice. 
“Oh, my God, you scared the crap out of me,” I say, holding my hand against my pounding heart. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. It looked like you were a million miles away,” he says, walking over to me. 
He takes my hand in his and pulls me to him. 
"I was just admiring your beautiful home.” 
We both look out the door to the ocean and see three or four dolphins swimming. 
"Do you see that?” I ask, pointing at the water where the dolphins are. 
“I do, they show up here a lot.” 
“Really? I would love that. I love dolphins,” I say excitedly. 
We stay there and watch them until they disappear. 
“They remind me of our first date,” he says, linking our fingers together. 
I lean into him, loving his closeness. 
“That was a great first date.” 
“That it was.” 
“Can I ask you something?” I say. 
I turn to look at him. 
“Angel, you can ask me anything,” he says, turning to face me. 
“It’s none of my business, but why do you have such a big beach house for just one person?” 
“It belonged to my grandparents before they died. It’s been in our family for decades. This was their beach house, and I used to spend every summer here with them. I loved this house as a child, and I still love it today.” He looks out into the water. “When they passed, I was fortunate enough to inherit it from them. My grandparent knew how much I loved it here. I’m hoping to fill this house up one day with my own family, but until then, it’ll just be me.” 
“You have a sister, right?” 
“Yeah, Madison. She could care less about living near the water. She says the salty air messes with her hair or some shit. They left her money, so she bought an intercoastal house. She’s happy and I’m happy.” 
“Well, it is a beautiful place.” 
“Thank you. Are you ready to eat?” 
“Whenever you are, Handsome.” 
We pull up to a quaint restaurant on the water. I stay seated and wait for him to open my door for me. He reaches his hand inside and I take it. I wonder if he knows how sexy that is. I swear every time he touches me I get shivers that run down my spine. 
We walk hand in hand into the crowded restaurant. They acknowledge Mason by name and we are automatically seated in an outdoor seating area. He pulls my chair out for me and pushes it in slightly after I’m seated. He takes the only seat left at the table, across from me. We are handed menus, served ice water, and told the lunch specials of the day. 
Mason
I’m sitting directly across from Angel at a small table overlooking Sarasota Bay. She is looking over her menu while biting the inside of her cheek. She is so sexy when she does that. I have come to realize she does that when she is uncertain of something. She is probably unsure of what to order. 
“They are famous for their grouper sandwich and seasoned fries,” I tell her, hoping it puts her at ease. 
My mind drifts back to the night before. She asked me to please don’t let him hurt her. She was a little intoxicated, but she knew what she was saying. I stare blankly at my menu. I feel hopeless. How can I protect her from something or someone if she won’t tell me what I’m protecting her from? I can’t help but wonder what she has been through in her life. 
“Mason?” 
Shaking my head, I realize the server is standing over me with her pen and paper in hand. 
“I’m sorry?” 
“I’m having the grouper sandwich, fries and a Pepsi. What would you like?” Angel says. 
Smiling, I say, “The same for me please, no soda, just water,” while folding my menu and handing it to the server. 
“What were you thinking about? You looked 100 miles away,” she says while sipping her water through the straw. 
Lucky straw, I think to myself. “I was thinking about our date on Saturday,” I lie. 
“Yeah, about that. Care to share where we are going?” 
“No, Angel, it’s a surprise.” 
She acts like she is pouting and damn if it’s not a sexy look on her. 
“What if we go someplace I don’t like?” 
“We won’t.” 
I wink at her. 
“How can you be so sure?” 
“I am so certain you’ll love it that I would be willing to bet on it.” 
Leaning forward, she crosses her arms and rests them on the table. 
“So, Mr. Myles, what would you like to wager?” she says with a raised brow. 
Leaning forward and mimicking her pose, I say, “Well, Miss Perez, if you’re not afraid of a little wager, I was thinking since you are becoming quite the chef, that if you like where we go, perhaps you could cook me a delicious Indian meal.” 
I raise my right eyebrow. 
“Mmmm, Mr. Myles, I can tell you have put some thought into this. What would I get if I don’t like your date choice for Saturday?” she says, leaning back into her seat and crossing her long, tan legs. 
“I was thinking, if you don’t like my date choice, but I am certain you will love it, that I would cook for you,” I say, leaning back into my own seat, mimicking her again. 
“You’ll cook anything I want?” 
‘Yes, Miss Perez, anything.” 
“Will you wear a chef’s hat and apron for me, too? You know, the one that says, ‘Kiss the chef,’ with a red and white checkered border across the top.” 
“Angel, for you, I would wear anything you asked me to.” 
“Anything?” 
“Well, no, not anything. And get that look off your face, you’re starting to scare me,” I say, laughing. 
She leans forward and reaches her hand out for mine to shake on it. 
“It’s a deal, Handsome.” 
“Good, it’s a deal, Beauty. Get ready to pay up,” I say, licking my lips and rubbing my stomach. 
We both laugh. 
After our lunch, I take her home so she can get ready for her cooking class. I tell her I have to work a double shift tomorrow, but I will pick her up Saturday at noon and she should dress comfortably. I call Donovan and Vincent to meet me at the pub. I know they have nothing planned since Sara and Brea will be at the cooking class with Angel. 
“What’s up, Mason?’ Vincent asks, taking a drink of his Bud Light. 
“Nothing. How are you guys?” 
Not sure what I should say or how much to share, I run my hands through my hair. 
Vincent says, “As for me, I’m just nursing a hung-over fiancé.” 
He laughs. 
“Me, too,” Donovan says. “I have no idea how they got so drunk so fast.” 
“Angel wasn’t feeling too bad.” 
 “I was wondering does Sara or Brea ever talk about Angel to you guys?” I ask, looking at both of them. 
“Like what, like does she have a boyfriend or something?” Donovan asks. 
“No, not that. Like where she lived before she moved here, or what brought her to the area. Anything about her family, jobs, friends, stuff like that.” 
Donovan shakes his head. “No, all Sara says is that she is a great worker and friend. She moved her about six months ago from L.A. I guess she doesn’t have any living relatives or she has very few.” 
Vincent shakes his head. “Brea said about the same thing, but I think she has a living aunt or an uncle. Why, what’s up?” 
I take a sip of my beer and look from Vincent to Donovan. 
“I’m not sure. Something isn’t right. It’s nothing concrete, but things come up and it puts me on high alert.” 
“Like what?” Donovan asks. 
“Like … I ran into her at the gun shop the other day. She went in to purchase a handgun. She called me before that, wanting me to take her target shooting again. Last night when we all went out, I took her home afterwards and she asked me in a drunken state to please don’t let him hurt her.” 
I run my hands through my hair and add, “When I ask her what is going on, she just tells me her life is private and she can’t tell me. She doesn’t want her past to taint our relationship.” 
“Damn, man!” Vincent says, taking another drink. “Do you think she’s running from a man? It must have been pretty bad, whatever it is, for her to buy a gun.” 
Donovan adds, “Sara said they have been getting a lot of hang-up calls at the office lately.” 
“I have no idea. Whenever I ask her to open up to me, she gets these great big tears in her eyes and I feel like an ass for asking. She asked me not to pry so I feel the need to honor her request.” 
“If she won’t open up to you, what are you doing to help ease her fears?” Vincent asks, looking concerned. 
“The only thing I can do is to make it so she can protect herself. I took her to shoot at moving targets earlier today at the gun range, and I’ll take her out again next week. All I can do is to prepare her so she can protect herself.” 
“Well, that’s smart thinking,” Donovan says. “I could do some searching, if you want me to. You know, see what comes up. I have a private investigator on our payroll. I could have him check things out. Frank Medley is one of the best P.I.s around.” 
Donovan waves his hand towards the server for another round. 
“I don’t want to do that, especially since she asked me to not pry.” 
Vincent says, “If your girl could be victimized or even terrorized, it’s your job to protect her. You don’t have to tell her you are checking on her past. If Donovan doesn’t find anything, leave it alone, but if he does find something, then you’ll be better prepared to handle it, whatever it is.” 
“If she is running from something, you’re going to want to know so you can help her,” Donovan says to me. “I know you.” 
“I feel like I am spying on her. I haven’t known her that long and here I am looking into her past. I feel this strong need to protect her. Isn’t that weird, especially for the short time that I’ve known her? Wouldn’t that classify me as being a creep or stalker?” 
“If I didn’t know you as a person, I would say yes, but I do know you, so that changes things. You’re doing it to protect her — you’re not stalking her,” Donovan says. “Are you in love with her, Mason?” 
I think to myself, Am I in love with her? Is it possible in such a short amount of time? We get along so well and she gets me. Is that love? I think about her all the time. I want to keep her safe at any cost. Is that love? 
“No, I don’t love her, but I really like her and I care for her,” I say uncertainly. 
“Yeah sure, keep telling yourself that and you may learn to believe it,” Vincent laughs, clinking his beer bottle against Donovan’s — Donovan is also laughing. 
“Yeah, yeah, laugh away, smart asses. So, did you and Brea decide on a wedding date or did you decide on a long engagement?” I say, trying to change the subject. 
Vincent runs his hands through his hair, looking lost. He says, “I had no idea what I was getting myself in for. It’s going to be a lot of work.” 
“Donovan, I was hoping you would agree to be my best man, and Mason, you would agree to be my groomsman. Brea’s been on my ass to ask you guys for a week, and damn if I don’t keep forgetting.” 
Donovan and I gladly accept his invitation to be in his wedding party. 
“It’ll all work out. You have what — eight or nine months?” I ask. 
“Six or seven months. Brea wants to get married this year. She wants a late fall/early winter beach wedding. We can’t set a date until we see what dates are available at the venues. We should have a date next week. I thought girls wanted long engagements.” 
“Well, Brea isn’t like most girls,” Vincent smiles. 
“You can say that again,” Donovan says. 
We talk about Donovan and Sara’s half-marathon that they just ran and about the upcoming marathon they are currently training for. We tell him how proud we are of him and his girl. We make our monetary pledge for his next race that will benefit Autism. He talks about how proud he is of Sara and all of her efforts. She is always up for a challenge. We say our goodbyes, and I head home and prepare for my double shift tomorrow. 
Angel
“See you guys tomorrow,” I say, waving to Sara and Brea. 
I place my container of Chilly Paneer on the passenger seat and strap myself in before heading home. I think about my day with Mason, the cooking class, and my best friends, Sara and Brea. How did I get so lucky? I have great friends and a great boyfriend. My life is going just the way I want it to and I’m sure the way Aunt Rosie would want. She would love Mason. I wish she was here to meet him. 
I pull into my darkened street and notice my porch light isn’t on. I always leave it on, don’t I? It must have burned out. I look around and the street seems darker than usual. I pull into my driveway and open the garage door. I pull in and wait for it to close before getting out. The Chilly Paneer has my car smelling mouthwatering. I walk through the mudroom and into the kitchen. The small lamp on the table is on. I get shivers up and down my spine. My breathing catches. It was daylight when I left, so why would I have had the lamp on? I place my food in the refrigerator and look around. Nothing seems out of place. I walk into the living room looking around and checking the locks on the front door; everything is in its place. I slowly walk into the bedroom and take my gun from the safety box in my dresser. Mason told me it would be ok to leave it loaded as long as it was secured in the lock box and had the safety on. 
My hands are sweaty, and my breath quickens. I remove the safety and keep my gun out in front of me as I walk through the house; I search closets and under beds. Releasing a breath I didn’t know I was holding, I walk back into my bedroom, place the safety back on the gun and secure it in the lock box. I go to the front door and flip the porch light switch on and off. Sure enough, it’s burned out. I’ll change it tomorrow. 
Walking into the bedroom I shower, apply lotion and moisturizer, brush my teeth, and slip into an eyelet nightgown. I head to bed, set my alarm, and begin reading about Jake in Paradise Taken. Oh, how I love my book boyfriends. My phone dings, and I know without looking who it is. 
M: How was your cooking class tonight? 
A: I’m fine and how are you? 
I laugh to myself because he is always to the point. 
M: I’m sorry. How was your day today, dear? 
A: My cooking class went great. I made a delicious dish tonight, if I say so myself. 
M: Have you thought about what great dish you’re going to make for me next week? 
A: You mean what I want you to cook for me while you wear that sexy chef’s hat and hot apron? 
M: So sure you’re going to be disappointed in my date choice, I see. 
A: Well, you may surprise me. 
M: Have I disappointed you yet? 
A: Mmmm, I can’t say you have. 
M: I’m sorry, what was that? 
Bastard. 
A: No, Mason, you have never disappointed me … not yet anyway. Happy? 
M: Yup. Pretty happy. I don’t intend to disappoint you, either. What are you going to wear Saturday? 
A: Well, you said to wear something comfortable. So I was thinking an old pair of jeans, my Dad’s old tee shirt and an old pair of sneakers that I used to mow the grass in. That should be pretty comfortable. 
That should teach him to insinuate what I should and shouldn’t wear. 
M: I’m sure you’ll be beautiful in it. 
A: Really? I’m trying to get a rise out of you, and that’s all I get? 
M: Yup, lock up and sweet dreams, Beauty. I work a double shift tomorrow, but I will be there to pick you up at noon on Saturday. 
A: I already locked up. Good night, Handsome. I can’t wait. Xoxo 
Friday at work goes by quickly. Mason drops off donuts and a vase of white daisies before I get there. I am beginning to look forward to seeing him more and more. I feel like a smile is permanently plastered to my face because of him. Sara and Brea are also in a great mood. Donovan had lunch delivered for us from our favorite deli, and Vincent of course sent cupcakes. 
“We have great boyfriends,” Brea says, and Sara and I both agree. 
I sit at my desk and reread the card attached to the flowers. 
Beauty, I am missing you today and looking forward to tomorrow. Mason xoxo 
He is most definitely a great boyfriend. 
I head home after work and get a call from Uncle Raúl. 
“Hey, Uncle Raúl.” 
“Hey Pumpkin, how are you?” 
“I’m good, heading home from work. I have a date with Mason tomorrow.” 
“That’s nice, where are you going?” 
“I have no idea; he won’t tell me. It’s a surprise,” I say, laughing at how that must sound. 
“You be safe, Angel.” 
“I will. He’s a good guy, nothing like Jim.” 
“Angel, I’m calling because George Walters informed me today that Jim hasn’t been home in over a month. He was fired from his job three months after he was transferred and disappeared shortly after that.” 
 “Oh, my God, do you think he is looking for me? What should I do?” 
My hands start to shake and I can’t see. 
“Angel, Maria and I are coming to visit next week. You keep living your life like you have been. He isn’t stupid enough to do anything to you down there. You keep being cautious and vigilant just as you always have. Do you hear me?” 
I shake my head. I pull into my driveway and my porch light is on. What the hell, am I going crazy? I checked that last night and it was burned out. That black SUV is parked on the other side of Josephine’s and Carl’s house again. I push the button for the garage door to open, pull in, then I wait for it to shut completely before getting out. 
“Angel, do you hear me?” 
Uncle Raúl brings me back from my thoughts. 
“Yes, I hear you. Please, Uncle Raúl, you and Aunt Maria don’t need to come down here for a visit. You’re right. He isn’t stupid enough to do anything down here,” I say, totally not believing the lie myself. 
With shaky hands I take my purse off the passenger seat, and I head into the house. I lock the mudroom door that leads from the garage to the kitchen that I usually leave unlocked. I walk through the entire house to make sure all the windows and doors are secured. I turn on the back lanai porch light and pull all the blinds and curtains closed. 
“Don’t be ridiculous. We will be there next week. In the meantime I have a few guys running his name, plates, and social security number. I will find him, Angel. After the last time he beat you, the hospital records should be enough to lock him up for years, now you are strong enough to report him and testify against him. I wish I had known sooner the hell he put you through. I could have been there to help you. I am grateful that my sister Rosita told me about the abuse when she did.” 
“Uncle Raúl, I’m scared,” I say as a sob escapes from my throat. 
I put my hands over my mouth to silence the cries. I sit on the couch and bury my head in my hand, shaking uncontrollably. 
“Baby, don’t be scared. I have some connections and I am using them. We will be there on Tuesday. Just do what you have been doing, and I will be there soon. I love you, Pumpkin.” 
“I love you more.” 
And we hang up. 
I kick off my shoes and cover myself with the handmade quilt from behind the sofa. It’s one of the few quilts my mother made. I just lie there. I think I am too shocked or too frightened to move. I’m not sure which. I listen intently to the sounds and creaks of the old house, Aunt Rosita’s house, my Aunt Rosie as only I call her. 
I wake up to a noise. I lie there with my eyes open, but I am too afraid to move. I just listen. My phone chimes that I have a new text. I don’t care. It is just becoming dawn. I have plans today, but I am not sure if I am going to keep them. The cat outside my front door meows. I just lie there. How much longer am I going to be a prisoner in my own home, in my own body, a prisoner to Jim’s threats? I know it is early morning, but the sunlight does not shine through into my home. My blinds and curtains are closed, and I can see only a hint of light between the wall and the blinds. I feel dark; I am back in the dark place that has consumed my life while I was with Jim. My dark house reflects my inner darkness. I thought I left the blackness behind me, but it has once again found me and is consuming me. Who was I to think I could save myself? I roll over on my side facing the back of the couch and pray sleep finds me. 
I wake up to a knock at my door. I lie there praying they’ll go away. Ding-dong-ding-dong-ding-dong, the doorbell rings. Damn, no such luck. I get up and quietly walk to the door. I have no idea what time it is. I look out the peep hole and Mason is standing there. Shit, please go away, I think to myself. Ding-dong-ding-dong-ding-dong. I reluctantly open the door slightly, squinting my eyes at the bright sunlight and peek around the door. I owe him an excuse, an apology or something as to why I am not going today. 
“Mason, I’m sorry. I was going to call you, but I have been sick in bed. I can’t go today.” 
He looks confused. 
“Sick, huh?” 
I cough and clear my throat and say, “Yeah, pretty sick and I think I’m contagious.” 
“Mmmm, contagious, huh?” 
I cough again and sniffle, damn him, what is he getting at? 
“Yeah, so I’ll talk to you later.” 
I back up and start to close the door. It stops all of the sudden. I peek around the door and Mason has his foot pressed against the bottom of the door to prevent it from closing. 
“Excuse me, Mason. I need to get back to bed. I’m sorry, but this came on all of a sudden. I don’t want to infect you with this nasty illness, too.” 
He steps into the door frame gently pushing me out of the way and opens the door wide enough for him to get through. I stand there wearing day-old clothes, my hair a ratty mess. I am praying my house is dark enough he can’t see me or smell me for that matter. 
He locks the door behind him and takes my hand and leads me to the couch. He raises the quilt for me to climb under it. I do exactly as he wants. Why do I always do that? He disappears into the kitchen and opens some cabinets. What is he looking for? I just close my eyes and slide down deeper into the couch. 
“I found the Tylenol but where do you keep your cold medications?” 
Crap. 
“They are in my bathroom cabinet,” I say, closing my eyes and coughing again for good measure. I sniffle, too. 
He lays a bottle of water on the coffee table for me with the bottle of Tylenol, before he saunters off into my bedroom. He returns with a thermometer and some different types of cold medicines. He kneels down beside me, shakes the thermometer and then holds it out for me. I open my mouth and lift my tongue so he can place it under my tongue. I close my mouth. What am I going to do now? He waits patiently looking at his watch every now and then. He feels my forehead with the back of his hand. He doesn’t say anything, but I know he doesn’t believe me. He removes the thermometer and looks at it. He raises an eyebrow, looks at me, and then looks back to the thermometer. 
“Is there something you have to say to me, Beauty? 
“I’m sick,” I say looking away from him and those dark beautiful eyes that are always trying to read my soul. I cough again and fake a sneeze. 
“Angel, look at me.” 
I do, damn my body for betraying me. 
“I’m going to ask you only one more time. Is there something you have to tell me?” 
I feel like a child being scolded for lying. Damn him! 
Playing with the edge of the quilt, I look away from him. 
“Um, I’m not really sick.” 
Why am I telling him that? And why do I do everything he wants? 
“Angel, look at me.” 
Of course, I do that, too. 
“I know you’re not. So why did you lie to me?” 
He strokes my cheek with the back of his hand. 
“Because I’m afraid,” I say as a single tear runs down my cheek. 
“Beauty, you never have to be afraid. I will do everything in my power to keep you safe.” 
He wipes the tear from my cheek. 
“What are you so afraid of?” he asks, still kneeling down beside me. 
I shake my head and look away from him. 
He places his hand on my chin and turns my head towards his, ever so gently. Our eyes meet and they are pleading with mine. He leans in and kisses my nose before placing his forehead against mine. 
“You can tell me anything,” he says as he rubs his cheek against mine. 
He leans back onto his heels and looks as broken as I am. He has the saddest eyes. No one has ever looked at me like that before. I clear my throat and maintain eye contact with him. I sit up straighter and pull the quilt up a little higher. I clear my throat again. 
“Mason, when I was in college I met a guy and fell madly in love with him. His name was Jim Davis. He was so sweet and caring. I honestly thought he was my soul mate. Two years later I moved in with him. He was a police officer with the Los Angeles Police Department before being promoted to detective shortly after. He was the first guy I have ever given myself to. I was totally in love with him. Shortly after I moved in with him, things started to change — he changed.” 
I pause taking a deep breath. Tears are running down my eyes. Mason brushes them away, never speaking, and never breaking eye contact. He moves and sits on the edge of the couch beside me. 
“He became jealous and obsessive. He started hitting me. I had to drop out of college because of all the classes I had to miss from the bruises to my face and body. One day I went to the store and spent more money than I was supposed to, and he beat me so badly I was in the hospital for a week and in a coma for three days. The hospital called the police station and reported the abuse. The detectives called Jim in and questioned him, but he lied and said he came home and found me like that. When I woke up from my coma, he threatened to kill me if I didn’t cover for him so I said I had been robbed.” 
I close my eyes and try to collect my thoughts. 
“He would always apologize and I wanted so much to believe him, but he would always do it again. At my Dad’s funeral, I had bruises on my face, I tried to cover them with makeup.” 
Mason wipes away the tears streaming down my face. 
“I thought I did a good job covering them, but my Aunt Rosie saw the bruises anyway. She wanted to help me. God knows, she tried to help me, but I was too afraid to let her. He was a detective at the police department and I was too afraid to report the abuse. He said he would kill me and hide my body so I would never be found. I believed him.” 
I close my eyes at the memory and a sob escapes from my mouth. Mason says nothing but leans in and kisses the top of my head. 
“My Aunt Rosie left me this house and told me to get away from Jim and to start my life over. So I did exactly as she said. I left six months ago when he was at work and never looked back.” 
I wipe my tears with the backs of my hands without looking away from him. 
“My Uncle Raúl called me yesterday and told me Jim was fired from his job three months ago and hasn’t been seen since. I think he’s here,” I say, crying uncontrollably and covering my face with my hands. 
Mason leans in and hugs me. He places a kiss to the top of my head and leaves his mouth there. He holds me tightly and lets me cry. 
“He used to call me all the time after I left, begging me to come home, telling me he changed, and he said he would go to counseling if I went back. I had to change my number. I never did tell him where I moved to, but it wouldn’t be hard for him to find me.” 
Mason leans back and waits. I know he’s giving me time to collect my thoughts. 
“What do you want to do about all this?” he asks while he scratches his chin. 
“Well, my Uncle Raúl is having someone check on Jim to see where he is. He and my aunt will be here sometime on Tuesday.” 
I wipe the tears from my eyes. 
“I want to be free from him once and for all. To live my life like I want to. I don’t want to fear him every single time I turn around.” 
He tucks a piece of my hair behind my ear while searching my eyes. 
“Angel, one thing I know is that a man who beats on a woman is nothing less than a coward. If he wants you, he will have to go through me first.” 
He holds my hand, while his thumb caresses my knuckles. 
“I have no intentions of sitting back and letting him get anywhere near you. Let’s wait and see what your uncle comes up with. In the meantime, you can stay in my spare bedroom until he and your aunt arrive.” 
“Mason, I can’t do that. I don’t want to put you out. I’m fine. I’m just having an emotional moment,” I say while wiping my tears with the backs of my hands. 
Mason stands and heads into my bathroom. I sit there, not sure what he is doing. He returns and tells me he is running my bath. He tells me to wear something comfortable and to pack an overnight bag. He reaches for my hand and helps me up. I walk into the bathroom without saying a word. True to his word, the tub is filling with hot water and my peach scent bubble bath. 
I undress and climb into the tub. I lean back and get my thoughts together. I can hear music playing on the surround sound. I wash my hair, shave, and try to wash the nightmare of the last 24 hours from my body. I put on my favorite peach scent body lotion and body spray, brush my teeth, dry my hair, and leave it down. I apply makeup and some light pink lip gloss. Searching my closet for something comfortable, I decide on a red, spaghetti-strap, above-the-knee-length sun dress and a pair of red strappy heels. A little more body spray, and I feel and look like a different person. A pair of gold hoop earrings completes the outfit. 
I walk out into the living room and see Mason is pouring two cups of coffee. The blinds and curtains are all opened, music is playing on the surround sound, and my Mom’s quilt is folded and placed on the back of the couch. He looks up at me when he hears me walking to him. He looks me up and down and gives me his dimple smile that I love. 
“Wow!” he says appreciatively. “You look beautiful.” 
He hands me a cup of hot coffee and a bagel. 
“Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome, I thought you were dressing comfortably?” he says, eyeing my dress and heels.” 
“I can change if you don’t like it,” I say while turning around so he can see every angle. 
Looking at me and licking his lips, he says, “I wish you wouldn’t.” 
I wrap my arms around his neck and he lifts me up and kisses me. He smells like spice and sandalwood. He deepens the kiss and I moan when our lips touch. He pulls away and sets me back down on the floor. 
“Feeling better?” he asks while putting me down. 
“Much, thank you.” 
“Did you pack an overnight bag?” 
“No, I’m not going to intrude on you. Thank you, but I’m fine here.” 
“Angel?” 
“Mason?” 
“When it comes to your safety, I’m not playing. You have two choices. You pack your bag or I’ll pack your bag, and trust me, you won’t like what I pack for you.” 
He crosses his arms in a stance that says, try me. 
“Have it your way. Where’s your lingerie kept?” He says walking towards the bedroom. 
“Okay, fine.” 
I huff into the bedroom and pack what I need for a day. I am not intruding on him for more than that. 
When I enter the living room, he is texting someone and has stress lines on his forehead. He puts his phone away before I reach him. I wrap my arms around his waist. 
“Everything ok?” I ask. 
His smile doesn’t reach his eyes. 
“Great, are you ready?” he says, while taking my overnight bag from my shoulders. 
“Where are we going?” 
He takes my hand and leads me outside, locking up as he goes. 
“We have a date, remember?” 
“Do you have a chef’s hat and a ‘Kiss the chef’ apron, or do we need to buy one?” 
"Come on, Beauty, have some faith.” 
He holds the car door open for me. 
“So certain I’m going to like our date?” I say before getting into his car. 
“Yup, positive. Now buckle up.” 
He winks at me before shutting the door. 
As he backs out of the driveway, I look over and ask, “So where are we going?” 
“Shopping.” 
He looks over at me. 
“For what?” I ask, although it doesn’t matter what we shop for. I love shopping for anything. 
“Does it matter?” 
“No, not really.” 
“I thought we would shop for my beach house. It’s almost done and I need some furniture in it. I thought you could be my own personal consultant.” 
I am almost giddy. 
“Really? You want me to help decorate your beach house?” 
“I was thinking it would be fun and you would be a great resource … or we could shop for a chef’s hat and apron, instead.” 
‘No, no, I think furniture shopping is a great idea.” 
“So you like the date choice?” he asks, already knowing the answer. 
What a smart ass. Holding his hand I say, “Mason, I love your date choice.” 
We take 75 to 275 and drive across the Sunshine Skyway Bridge leading to Tampa. I look over into the water because dolphins usually can be see there. We talk about what his tastes are and what he would like in the beach house. He has a painting in the back of the car that his mother painted — he wants to incorporate those hues of color into the décor. He tells me that if he can furnish the master suite, family room, and dining room today, he will be happy. 
He pulls into the most high-end furniture store in downtown Tampa. We walk into the store hand in hand. I am so excited that I finally get to put some of my college education to use. We walk through the store, and he points out what he likes and I point out what I like and what would go with it. We match furniture with lamps, rugs, pillows and wall art. He also shops for outdoor furniture and bar stools. 
Pleased with his purchases, he settles the bill and arranges for a delivery date for two weeks. 
After dinner at a fancy downtown restaurant, we drive the hour and a half back to Sarasota. I tell him I am feeling better and I should stay at my place tonight. I tell him I was overreacting and I am fine, while plastering on a fake smile. He totally ignores me and keeps his eyes on the road while holding my hand. He tells me he has work tomorrow morning, and he wants me to make myself at home while he is gone. He thinks I should just hang out there and cook my famous Indian meal that I owe him. He also throws in that he thinks I should wear a cute little chef’s hat and a ‘Kiss the chef’ apron while I cook. He really did come up with a great date, I have to give him that. What girl doesn’t like shopping and spending someone else’s money? 
“You do realize I have only had two Indian cooking classes, right? I could make you a Mexican dish, if you would prefer it.” 
“Anything you want would be great. You can choose. As long as it’s home cooked, I’m good.” 
He looks over at me and smiles. 
He pulls up to his condo and parks in his designated spot. He grabs my overnight bag before reaching for my hand to help me out of the car. Without saying a word, we walk hand in hand into his condo. He locks up behind us, grabs my hand, and leads me into the spare bedroom. He tosses my overnight bag on the bed and shows me the private bathroom and tells me to make myself at home. 
I follow him out of the bedroom and into the kitchen. He opens a bottle of wine, pours me a glass, and then pours himself a Scotch. He opens the patio door, and we have our drinks outside. The statue is lit up, and it damn near glows. The moonlight reflecting off the Sarasota Bay is truly a sight to see. I stand and look over the railing. He walks over and stands next to me, wrapping his arm around me. I lean into him and lay my head against his chest. 
“I had a great day,” I say without moving. “Thank you for everything.” 
“Me, too, Beauty.” 
He leans down and kisses the top of my head, as he caresses his thumb on my shoulder. 
“It’s beautiful up here; it is truly breathtaking,” I say, staring out at the statue. 
 “Do you feel like watching a movie? I can pop some popcorn.” 
“Sounds good, let me change first.” 
Chapter Four: Crisis
Mason
I head into my bedroom to change into a tee shirt and pair of sweat pants while Angel does the same in the spare bedroom. I pull my phone out and reread the texts that Donovan had sent me earlier. 
D: Mason, I have some news about Angel’s past if you want to hear it. 
M: She’s here with me. I can’t really talk, but what is it? 
D: Dude, it’s not good. She dated a detective from the L.A. Police Dept. and he used to beat the fuck out of her. The hospital records show she was beaten so bad that she was in a coma. He was never prosecuted and was recently fired from his job. 
M: Do you know where he is now? 
D: No, but my guy Frank Medley is checking it out. 
M: Thanks, man. I owe you one. 
D: I’ll be in touch. 
I run my fingers into my hair while sitting on the edge of the bed. She’s safe right now, and I’ll figure the rest out when I hear more. I have an early morning shift tomorrow, then I’m off for a few days. My last day at the hospital is Friday. I needed a few weeks off between jobs to set up my new office. 
Angel is already on the couch when I walk into the living room. She is wearing a pink tank top and a pair of black yoga pants. 
She wants to watch The Notebook and I want to watch Saw IV. We decide on a happy medium and watch The Hangover. We sit side by side on the couch. Sharing popcorn and a blanket and watching a movie, she seems relaxed and at ease. She laughs easily while watching the movie, and the sparkle is back in her eyes. 
I’m not really watching the movie as much as I am watching her. I am thankful I was able to get her out of her house today and take her mind off of that spineless coward. When I went to her house earlier, I could see right away something was wrong. She was acting like she was sick, but her eyes revealed the truths that her words didn’t. My girl was broken. She was still wearing her work clothes from the day before. I knew I couldn’t walk away and leave her there alone. I damn near forced myself into her house. Thank God, she let me in. I have no idea what I was going to do if she didn’t. It was kind of a dickhead move to stop the door from closing with my foot. But I had no other choice. 
I sat there as calmly as I could while she talked about her shattered and broken life. My fist clenched at the anger I was feeling. I am thankful she opened up to me, but that was the hardest shit to have to hear. All I wanted to do was leave, find the spineless fuck, and beat him to a fucking pulp. I hate nothing more than a fucking coward. I can’t figure out why anyone would ever want to hurt her or any other woman for that matter. 
“Mason?” 
“I’m sorry, what is it?” 
I try to smile at her and act like I was paying attention. 
“Are you all right?” 
I hold her hand and place the empty popcorn bowl on the table. 
“I’m fine, Beauty. Come here,” I say, pulling her into me so she can rest her head on my chest. 
I wrap my arms around her and breathe in her relaxing scent. Cinnamon and peaches. My new favorite scent. 
I wake up to the credits rolling at the end of the movie. Angel is snuggled into my chest, arms wrapped tightly around me. For my own selfish reasons, I don’t wake her. I like the way she feels in my arms. I move as little as possible to reach the remote so I can turn the TV off. Without loosening my hold on her, I slouch back into the couch, bury my nose into her hair, and drift off to sleep. 
I wake up to the sound of my alarm. Angel stirs and is still wrapped in my arms. I kiss the top of her head and take a deep breath. The aroma of coffee filters through from the kitchen. God, how I love the automatic timer on the coffee pot. Angel raises her head and looks up at me. 
“Good morning, Beauty,” I say, smiling and excited that she is here with me. 
“Good morning, Handsome,” she says, pulling herself away from me and stretching. 
“Sleep well?” I ask, trying to get the kinks out of my stiff neck. 
“Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to fall asleep on you last night.” 
“Are you kidding me? I loved every minute of it,” I say honestly. 
She laughs. 
“Even with a stiff neck?” 
“Even with a stiff neck. There’s coffee ready or you can go back to bed. I have to shower for work, but it will take me only a few minutes to get ready.” 
“I’ll have coffee, thank you.” 
She leans over and kisses me quickly on my lips before standing up. 
I stand and head into the kitchen to pull two mugs from the cabinet and place the cream and sugar on the counter. I fill the mugs with coffee and take mine into the bedroom with me. Angel is taking her coffee out to the lanai. That is exactly where I would have my coffee, time permitting. 
I shower and dress quickly. I walk into the kitchen and set out the toaster with some bagels and English muffins. I refill my mug of coffee and head out to the balcony where Angel is sitting and appears to be in deep thought. I move a chair and startle her. She is always so easy to startle. 
“I’m sorry. I thought I would have my coffee out here with you before heading to work.” 
“Well, don’t you look handsome in dark blue scrubs,” she says, eyeing me up and down. 
“Thank you, but I didn’t think anybody looked good in scrubs.” 
“Normally I would agree; however, you are the exception.” 
Laughing, I ask her what her plans are for today. I tell her I think it’s a good idea she hangs out here until she hears from her uncle. I can’t tell her what to do, but I damn sure want to. I suggest she stay in and cook me something delicious. 
She says she needs to run home and grab her laptop and if she cooks she needs to go to the grocery store for some ingredients. She says she plans on calling her uncle later to see if he has heard anything. 
Trying to keep her from leaving the house, I tell her she can use my laptop and we can skip the home-cooked meal and order out when I get home from work. I would really feel safer with her here until we hear something, but I can’t tell her that. 
“I have to get going if I want to make it to work on time,” I say. 
She stands with me and walks into the kitchen with me. I rinse out my coffee mug, grab my workbag, and head to the front door. I wrap my arms around her and lean down to kiss her. She stands on her tiptoes to reach me, and I lift her up until our lips touch. She giggles, and it’s the sweetest sound I have ever heard. 
After our kiss, I lower her to the floor gently. I look her into her eyes. 
“Angel, please make yourself at home. If you need to leave for anything, wait until I get back and we can go together.” 
I search her eyes, and I already know she isn’t going to listen. 
“Thank you. I’ll be fine. I was just overreacting; it’s probably my period or something.” 
“Really? I can’t believe you just said that.” 
“Will you let me go home now and stop worrying about me?” 
“I have a sister. You’re going to have to do better than that, if you’re trying to scare me off.” 
She leans up and kisses me again before opening the foyer door. 
“Fine, I’ll work on something else. Have a good day at work, dear.” 
She waves me off and closes the door behind me. 
“Lock up.” 
These are the only words I have time to say before the door closes behind me. I know why she did that; she knew I would argue with her about leaving today. I can’t help but laugh at her playfulness in calling me “dear.” 
I left her my spare key, my passcode, and a note on the table before leaving. If she should decide to leave, I want her to be able to return without difficulty. 
I walk into work, and I am automatically greeted by charge nurse Carla with a hot cup of black coffee. She smiles, hands it to me, and asks, “Are you ready to get the day over with?” 
I smile back at her while taking the coffee from her. 
“Thank you, but don’t you mean get this day started with?” 
“No, I have plans today. I want to get it over with as quickly as possible.” 
“Now that’s my kind of thinking. Oh, and Carla?” 
She stops and looks back at me. “Yes?” 
Holding the coffee up in front of me, I say, “You know I am taking you with me to run my private practice.” 
“I’m counting on it.” 
She winks at me. 
We listen intently to report from the previous shift. We take notes on certain patients. Some are waiting for rooms to be admitted, some are waiting for labs to be drawn, and a few are waiting for discharge paperwork. 
We say our goodbyes to our coworkers and immediately start on our shift. Carla and I walk through the patients’ rooms, introducing ourselves and checking their charts. We work into a comfortable routine, and it is lunch before I know it. 
I call Angel and it goes right to voicemail. I leave a very flirty message about us being roommates. I tell her to text me if she wants me to bring dinner home. Carla and I finish lunch and get a page from the E.R. that they are bringing in a trauma patient from a hit-and-run accident on Midnight Pass Road. 
We get the trauma room ready with the crash cart on hand and the trauma team is on standby. We have a neurologist and a surgeon on standby as well. We get a report that the victim is unconscious, in serious condition with life-threatening injuries. She has coded once during transport and her blood pressure is dangerously low. She has sustained a serious head injury with possible internal bleeding and multiple fractures. 
The ambulance pulls up with a police car behind them. We run out to help transport the victim into the E.R. An IV is placed in her left hand administering fluids. A paramedic is applying pressure to her right leg with a blood-soaked towel. Bloodied gauze is wrapped around the victim’s head. Carla and the other trauma team take over, and I get report from the paramedics. 
I run behind the gurney into the trauma room. We transport the victim from the gurney to the E.R. bed. She has a cervical collar in place on her neck in case of neck or back fractures. Her head is severely bleeding, and her right arm is lying in an unnatural position. She has a compound fracture to her right leg; bone is protruding through the skin. Blood is everywhere and her pulse is faint. We hook her up to a sphygmomanometer that is attached to a wall monitor so we can keep a close eye on her vitals. I call in a surgeon and a neurologist to assess her head injuries and fractures. We get a full-body-imaging scan and a C.T. scan. We maintain her blood pressure, minimize her bleeding, and get her ready to be transported to surgery. We administer fluids and give an IV bolus of Phenytoin prophylactically in case of seizures from the head trauma. 
We determine she has internal bleeding, a fractured humerus, and a compound fracture to her femur, along with a severe head injury. We stabilize her, and they take her to the operating room. I turn around sighing a deep cleansing breath when I see a police officer standing at the trauma room door holding Angel’s purse. 
The blood drains from my face, and I can’t fucking move. 
“Angel?” 
I hold onto the wall for support. I can’t stand. I slide down the wall that was holding me up. I fist my hands into my hair. Carla is in the room with me; she walks over to the officer. I can’t hear the words coming from their mouths. I feel bile rise to my throat. Carla takes Angel’s purse and walks over to me. Tears fill my eyes, and I can’t fucking see. She kneels down in front of me. 
“Do you know her, Mason?” 
I nod. 
“You didn’t recognize her.” 
I shake my head. I grab the trashcan beside me and lose the contents of my stomach into it. 
I have no idea how much time has passed. I am sitting in the surgery waiting room. I sit there in a daze, a fog. I look down to my lap and I am holding Angel’s purse. Her white purse is now splattered with dried blood. I look around. The same walls I used to find comfort in are now stark white, cold and sterile. The clock on the wall makes the only sound in the entire room. My vision is blurred and my mind foggy. 
Someone touches my arm and I have no idea why or who it is. I didn’t even know someone was there with me. I didn’t hear anyone come in. I look over, blink away the tears that threatened to fall, and see Carla sitting next to me. She has a sad smile on her face. 
She hands me my phone. I take it. 
“Your phone was lying on the floor after they brought you up here. Do you need something, some water?” 
I shake my head, unable to form words. They? They — who brought me up here? I think to myself, but don’t ask. 
I sit there lost in my own personal hell. How could I not have recognized her? I try to remember before they brought her in. The call was a hit-and-run. Is that right? Critical? Unstable? Brain trauma? How could I not have known who she was? I guess with all the blood on her face and the oxygen mask, it was almost impossible. I feel the bile starting to rise again. I try to swallow the lump in my throat but am unsuccessful. Do I normally treat patients without looking at them? Do I focus solely on their injuries and don’t put a face to their injuries or illness? Do I treat everyone as a medical case and not a real live person? I guess that’s how I separate myself from them so that I am able to provide the best possible care I can. If I had known it was Angel, would I have frozen, not been able to move, not been able to save her? I know I see their faces when they are released or no longer in serious or critical condition. 
I look back to Carla, and she just sits there. Not saying anything, just sitting there with me. I see her holding my hand, but I am numb. The elevator dings and I look up slowly, expressionless and emotionless. I can’t feel my arms or legs. Deep sorrow consumes my entire body. I have no idea how long it has been. Vincent walks over to me. I look at the clock, and it is 5:38. I look back to Vincent. I can’t speak. 5:38 a.m.? p.m.? I have no idea. Why do I care what time it is? How long has it been? Hours? Days? It feels like fucking years. I look back to the clock like it is my only friend. Why am I so fixated on the fucking time? I am holding onto Angel’s purse like a lifeline. 
Vincent is talking, but I have no idea to whom. I look at the fucking clock again. Someone touches my arm, and I look over. Carla is holding a small cone cup out for me. I take it and hold it. What am I supposed to do with it? I feel like I’m moving in slow motion. 
“Drink it,” Carla says lifting my hand with the cup to my mouth. I do. I hear other people come into the room. I don’t look, I don’t care. 
My mother sits beside me and lays my head on her shoulder. I let her. It feels comforting. She sits there and says nothing. She plays with my curly hair. My father kneels in front of me and hugs me like he does every time he sees me. He looks me in the eyes, pats my cheek with his hand, and then stands. I can hear other voices in the room. Madison is standing near the coffee maker. 
I hand Carla the empty cup, and she takes it. I start to recognize faces and can hear their voices. I look around the room. Sara and Brea are here. Mom, Dad, Madison, Vincent, and Donovan are also here. I lift my head trying to compose myself. I sit up straight and try to clear my head. 
Carla touches my arm and says, “Mason, I’m heading home. Please call me if you need me.” 
“Thank you.” 
“Call me anytime.” 
And she leaves. 
I look at the clock again, like it holds some secret message. 6:20, what does that mean? Day time or night time? I look outside. It’s light out. It is 6:20 p.m. The fucking mystery is solved. Get your shit together, Mason, you’re fucking losing it. 
I stand, and on shaky legs I walk to the water cooler. My mouth is bone dry. I down several cups of cold water. I look around the room and my eyes lock on every single person there. My friends. Angel’s friends. They are here for her. The seriousness of all this hits me. 
I walk back over to where I was sitting. Madison, Brea, Vincent, Sara, and Donovan come over and gather around us. 
“I need to call Angel’s family. They need to know,” I say, looking around. 
I grab Angel’s purse and start to look for her cell phone to get the phone number. 
Sara walks towards me and kneels down in front of me. She places her small hand on my knee. 
“Brea and I already called them. They are flying out on the first available flight. We gave them your cell number to text when they get here, so you’ll know to look for them.” 
“Thank you.” 
She nods and gently pats my knee. 
I look around at all the somber faces. 
“Is there any news?” 
Vincent says, “The police were here; they want you to call them about her condition.” 
I nod. That’s formality. 
“Any news from her doctors or the surgeons?” 
Donovan says, “We have been here for a couple hours, and we haven’t seen or heard anything from anyone.” 
I stand and my father stands with me. I walk to the coffee pot and pour myself a cup. I take a deep breath and run my hands through my hair. Vincent and Donovan walk over to me. Sara and Brea take a seat next to my mother. 
“Son, what all do we know has happened?” 
I look at him. 
My father asks, “Do we know whether was this was an accident or intentional?” 
I clear my throat and lower my voice, not wanting to alarm the girls. 
“I don’t know. She left an abusive relationship a few months ago and was afraid he was going to find her.” 
I try to clear the knot in my throat again. 
“She stayed at my house last night. Her uncle and aunt were coming down on Tuesday to stay with her for a while. I didn’t know about any of this until yesterday. She literally just started opening up to me about any of this. I know the last few days she has been terrified.” 
Donovan adds, “He was a detective at the L.A. Police Department where her uncle worked. He was transferred six months ago to another precinct but has recently been fired. I had our private investigator at the law firm check him out. The P.I. is still trying to locate him.” 
The surgeon comes through the door asking for the family of Angel Perez. 
I look at him and then say to my Dad, “I’ll be right back.” 
“Son, are you sure you don’t want us to go with you?” he asks. 
“Yes, Dad, we aren’t her family. I have a better chance at finding something out if I’m alone. Colleague to colleague.” 
“I understand.” 
I walk over to the surgeon, thankful that I know him. His name is Alec Collins. He looks exhausted. 
“Hi, Alec.” 
“Mason … you know Angel Perez?” 
“I do, she’s my girlfriend. Her family isn’t here yet. They are flying in from California as we speak. How is she?” 
“She made it through surgery, but she is still critical. We had to remove her spleen to stop the internal bleeding; her right humerus and her right femur are also fractured. We placed her right leg in a traction splint until we can operate on it. She has a few broken ribs and some lacerations.” 
He runs his hand through his hair. 
“The real problem is the head trauma she suffered. She has some brain swelling that we are monitoring. The next 24 hours are critical. She is being moved over to the ICU. As you know, we are keeping her sedated and in a medically induced coma. We placed her on a ventilator to let her body rest. It’s just temporary and will be removed once we bring her out of her coma.” 
I run my hands through my hair, trying to hang on to the tiny bit of hope I have. All I can do is nod. 
“Mason, you’ll let us know when her family arrives?” 
“Of course, and thank you so much.” 
“Mason, you and your family should go and get something to eat. The staff tells me you haven’t left since they brought her in.” 
“Thank you,” I say, shaking my head. 
I turn around and everyone has joined together, hugging and comforting each other. Taking a deep breath, I walk over to them. 
I look at them and give a sad smile. 
“She made it through surgery, and they are moving her to ICU. The next 24 hours are the most critical. She has some broken bones: her arm, her right leg, and some ribs. They were able to stop the internal bleeding by removing her spleen.” 
Taking another deep breath, I say, “She has some swelling on her brain that they are monitoring — that is the most serious injury. She was placed on a breathing machine to allow her body to rest, and she is in a medically induced coma.” 
A tear slides down my cheek. My mother and Madison comes to my side. Mom wraps her small arms around my waist. I bend down and kiss the top of her head and wrap my arm around her. 
Sara and Brea are crying, and Donovan and Vincent are trying to console them. My Dad is listening although he has his phone up to his ear. 
I want to see her, but I don’t. I can’t. I’m not prepared for what I’ll see. We wait in the ICU waiting room. I talked Mom, Dad and Madison into going home. They didn’t want to leave but reluctantly did. Dad said he would be here tomorrow after work. Around 12 I asked everyone else to go. It won’t do any good having everyone waiting around. Sara, Brea, Donovan, and Vincent all leave together. 
I sit there alone in my own darkness. All I can do is watch the clock. 
Vincent and Donovan return a short time later. We don’t say much, but just having them there for moral support helps. My phone dings to announce incoming text. 
R: Mason, it’s Raúl. Maria and I are out front. What floor are you on? 
M: Third floor. I can meet you downstairs if you’d like. 
R: Thank you, but that won’t be necessary. We’ll be up in a moment. 
M: I’ll see you soon. 
I look to Donovan and Vincent. 
“Angel’s aunt and uncle are here. They’ll be up in a minute.” 
I call the doctor and let him know that Angel’s family have arrived. We stand and gather around the coffee maker. We make another cup of coffee and head back to our seats. 
The elevator dings and we automatically stand. In walks an older attractive Hispanic couple. I walk over to them with an outreached hand and a sad smile. 
“Hi, I’m Mason Myles. Maria and Raúl, I presume.” 
Maria nods and Raúl shakes my hand. 
My voice catches as I say, “I have notified the doctor that you are here. He should be out momentarily. I’m sorry to be meeting you under these circumstances.” 
We all have a seat and wait for the doctor to arrive. I introduce them to Donovan and Vincent and tell them what little information I have and that I haven’t seen her yet. Only family members can visit in the ICU. I could have seen her, but I couldn’t bring myself to go back there. 
The doctor comes in and talks to Maria and Raúl. I stand back with Donovan and Vincent to give them some privacy. Raúl calls me over and tells the doctor that I am Angel’s family, too, and to treat me as such. 
I stand there with them and listen to the news of Angel. This is the first time they are hearing about her injuries. Maria breaks down in tears, and Raúl is barely holding it together. I do my best to hold my shit together for me and for them. The news is no easier to hear the second time around. The doctor leads Raúl and Maria back to see Angel. 
I walk over to Donovan and Vincent, who stand when they see me coming. 
“You guys should go home. There’s really nothing any of us can do.” 
“Are you sure you’re ok?” Donovan asks. 
“I will be. I appreciate you guys being here more than you’ll ever know.” 
Vincent and Donovan both hug me before leaving. 
“We will be back tomorrow after work. Sara and Brea are closing the office tomorrow and will be here in the morning. If you need either of us, you call us,” Donovan says. 
“I will. Thank you and please drive safely.” 
I wave my goodbyes as the elevator door closes. 
I sit and wait. Maria and Raúl return to the waiting area. I stand as they approach me. They look as broken as I feel. Maria is hugging her husband for dear life. I can’t look at the broken couple any longer. The knot in my throat and the tears have returned. I take a deep breath and look at the door they just came from. Angel is so close. She is just on the other side of the door, yet I feel like she is a million miles away. 
Raúl walks over to me and gently places his hand on my arm. I look at him with complete sorrow in my eyes. Maria is sitting and crying softly into a tissue. 
“It’s your turn, son.” 
 Raúl nods towards the door. 
“She’s unconscious, but she’s waiting for you.” 
I just look at him. I wasn’t prepared to see her. I nod and head for the door to the ICU on unsteady legs. 
I stop at the nurses’ station to get Angel’s room number. I stop outside her door and try to prepare myself to see her. I can hear the all too familiar sound of a ventilator. I walk into her room slowly. Nothing would have prepared me for the sight in front of me. 
The room is white, cold, and sterile. The smell of antiseptic fills the air. The steady rhythm of the ventilator that is breathing for Angel is the only thing I can hear. Her pale body lies motionless. I can see no movement except for the rise and fall of her chest made only from the ventilator. Her head is wrapped almost completely in gauze. Her face is exposed, showing the trauma to her swollen and black and blue eyes, and some abrasions to her face. The ventilator is inserted in her mouth, almost covering her full lips. Her right arm is in a cast, and her right leg is placed in a traction splint to support her femur bone until it can be repaired. When she wakes up, she will be completely immobile. The traction splint is to prevent any movement to her right leg at all. She is covered only by a thin white blanket. 
I take the only seat next to her. I sit on the left side and scoot it as close as I can to be next to her. I place my hand on her cold, motionless one. I take my other hand and lightly touch the small amount of hair exposed through the gauze. I lightly graze my hand down her left cheek. I sit there and close my eyes. I say a silent prayer for her. I lean my head against the railing of her bed. A noise stirs me from my thoughts. I look up and see her nurse checking on her vitals. She administers more pain meds into her IV line that is supplying her body with the fluids she needs. I recognize her, but I can’t recall her name. She gives me a small smile and nods at me. 
I stand and lean down to kiss Angel on her cheek. I take a deep breath to try to inhale her scent. Her cinnamon and peach scent has been replaced with antiseptic. I try inhaling again, hoping to at least get a faint whiff, but nothing. I gently run my fingers across her knuckles before leaving the room. I look back at her motionless body before exiting. 
Maria and Raúl are still seated in the waiting room. He has her cuddled into his lap; her face is buried into his neck. He has his eyes closed and is rocking her gently while saying “Todo va a estar bien María, ya no llores,” over and over. [“It’s ok, Maria, don’t cry.”] She is so small and frail. My heart breaks for them and their pain. Angel is probably one of the few family members left in his family. I clear my throat as I approach them. 

Raúl looks up at me. I take a seat next to him. 
“You guys should head home. After that long flight, I’m sure Maria could use a hot bath and a soft bed. I have Angel’s purse.” 
I look over at the seat where I left it. 
“Her keys are in….” I close my eyes, willing the tears to not fall. I don’t know where her keys are. They were on her key ring and the keys were in the ignition in the car. I have no idea where her car is either. “I’m sorry. I was going to give you her house key, but I have no idea where her keys are.” 
I dig into my pocket and hand him my house key and tell him, “My house is empty; you can stay there.” 
“No, Mason, that’s fine, we don’t want to put you out. Maria and I can stay in a hotel until we can get Angel’s house keys.” 
“No really, you’re not putting me out.” 
I hand him the condo key and Maria writes down my address and the elevator code for the condo. I walk them to the elevator with a pat on his back. 
“Please make yourselves at home. Angel’s things are in the spare room, where she stayed last night. There’s food and drinks in the refrigerator.” 
I wait with them until they get on the elevator and the door closes, and then I head back into Angel’s room. 
Looking around her room, I’m not sure what I’m looking for. I walk over and check out the monitors and the IV bag, no change. I check her IV site — it’s not infiltrated, so that’s good. I check her capillary refill on her fingernails and toenails for blood circulation. I walk to the linen closet down the hall and grab an extra blanket for her. I return to her room and gently drape the blanket over her, leaving her right leg uncovered. I take the seat next to her and hold her uninjured hand with the IV in it. I lay my other hand on the railing of the bed and rest my cheek against it. I say my silent prayer over and over. I will her to wake up. I am jarred from my thoughts or woken up from sleep, I’m not sure which. I pray I was having a nightmare. The doctor is standing over Angel, shining a flashlight into her eyes. No nightmare, just the raw reality of the last 18 hours. I stand and give the doctor some space, I look over at the monitors and the IV bag and then look back to Angel. I look at the clock: 7:18. I feel like time is standing still. It’s been 24 hours since I last spoke to Angel. No words, no texts. Just a motionless body lies in the bed in front of me. 
The doctor walks over to me and places his hand on my arm. 
"Mason, go home, get some sleep, and then come back. You aren’t doing her or you any good.” 
“I can’t, Alec. I need to be here when she wakes up.” 
I rub my hand over my five o’clock shadow. 
“Mason, the good news is that she’s stable and her condition hasn’t worsened. At least go down to the locker room and shower and change. Maybe get a bite to eat.” 
“I don’t want to leave her alone,” I say, looking at her. 
“Look, I have some dictation to do and I can do it in here. She’s my only patient here in the ICU. I’ll stay with her until you get back. Take your phone and I’ll call if anything changes.” 
I walk over to her and run the back of my hand down her soft pale cheek. I lean in and kiss her forehead. 
I look at Alec. 
“Thank you. I’ll be back in half an hour.” 
He nods, “I’ll be right here with her, so take your time.” 
Angel
“Mamma, where is Aunt Rosie, is she still coming?” I ask, sitting at the small table in my pretty pink floral dress, purple boa, and a beautiful pink sun hat. Mamma is just finishing putting red lipstick on me. She puts her soft hands onto my cheeks and kisses me on my lips. She has the softest hands I have ever felt. 
“Angel, Aunt Rosie wouldn’t miss this for the world. She’s putting the cookies on a plate and then she’ll be right up.” 
“Mamma, we can’t have a tea party without your hat,” I say, giggling. “Here, wear mine and I’ll go get yours.” 
I put my hat on her head and run into her bedroom closet and get her big white sunhat with the pink flowers on it. It’s my favorite hat of hers. I see a pair of her red high heel shoes in her closet and put them on my feet. They are too big and I almost fall, but I don’t care. I look in her full-length mirror and model. I look beautiful. I spin around and my dress flares out. I am smiling and giggling out loud. I wrap the feathery purple boa around my neck and clumsily walk into my bedroom. 
Aunt Rosie is walking up the stairs carrying a plate of cookies and a beautiful blue and white color teapot. 
“Hi, honey, don’t you look so beautiful?” she says, placing the teapot and cookies on the small table in my bedroom. 
She bends down and kisses me. She stands and then wraps her pink boa around her neck and puts on a pair of white gloves and a bright yellow hat, before sitting down. She is wearing a long purple dress that goes all the way down to the floor. 
Mamma looks at me and says, “I love your new shoes, Angel. Are they new?” 
I stand and model my new shoes that I took out of her closet for her. I almost fall, but catch myself. I just got them for our tea party. 
“Aren’t they pretty?” I ask. 
“They are beautiful,” Aunt Rosie beams. “Please be careful walking in them, Pumpkin. I wouldn’t want you to fall and hurt yourself.” 
“I will be careful, Aunt Rosie. I promise.” 
Mamma is sitting at the table wearing a white sundress, a pink sunhat, and a pair of pretty white gloves with pearls on them. She has a blue and white boa wrapped around her neck. 
“Thank you for coming to my tea party,” I say and smile. “Would you like some cookies and tea, Mamma?” 
“Yes, Pumpkin, I would love some. Thank you so much.” 
I walk around the table and pour Mamma some tea and place a cookie on her small dessert plate. 
“Aunt Rosie, would you like some tea and cookies?” 
“Yes, Angel, I would love some. Thank you, and don’t you look like an angel today!” 
I pour Aunt Rosie some tea and place a cookie on her plate. 
“Aunt Rosie,” I say, giggling. “You always say that to me. Of course I look like an angel — that’s my name, silly.” 
I pour some tea into my cup and sit down. Mamma reaches over and puts a cookie on my plate. 
“Well, Pumpkin, you are very beautiful all dressed up and thank you for inviting us to your tea party,” Mamma says as she leans in and hugs me. She always smells so good. 
We place our tea napkins on our lap and enjoy our dress-up tea party together. 
Mason
I am grateful to find a clean change of clothing in my locker in the employee locker room. I shower and change quickly before heading back upstairs. Sara and Brea are sitting in the waiting area. I walk over to them and hug them. 
“Any change?” Brea asks. 
“No change. I just left to shower downstairs. The doctor is with her.” 
Brea hands me a bag and tells me to eat. Sara walks over to the coffee pot and fills three Styrofoam cups up with coffee. 
Maria and Raúl walk off the elevator and come towards up. 
He shakes my hand and says, “Thank you for letting us stay at your condo. It was very nice of you, and we really appreciate it.” 
“Raúl, you and Maria are more than welcome. Good morning, Maria. The doctor is with Angel, and she is stable.” 
They leave to go see Angel. I sit with Sara and Brea and try to eat the Western omelet, hash browns, and toast they brought me. Two police officers step off the elevator and walk towards us. 
“Excuse us, we’re looking for Dr. Myles.” 
I stand and say, “How can I help you?” 
“I’m Detective Farmer and this is Detective Evans. We were told you were the on-duty physician yesterday when Miss Angel Perez was brought in.” 
“That’s right, I was.” 
“How is she?” 
“Still critical, but stable. Do you have any leads on the accident?” 
“Is there someplace we can talk, more privately?” Detective Evans asks. 
“Can you give me a few minutes, and I’ll see if I can find us a room?” 
“Sure.” 
I turn to Sara and Brea, who are standing beside me. 
“I’m going to get Raúl and look for an empty room. Can you stay right here in case there’s any change?” 
“Sure, we will, no problem.” 
I return with Raúl and lead everyone into an empty office that Alec said we could use. 
We sit, and the detectives tell us they believe this was not an accident. Some evidence indicates that this was intentional. They want to know if anyone would want to hurt Miss Perez. Raúl explains in great detail the reasons that brought Angel to Florida. I had just recently heard about her abusive relationship, and it is very upsetting to hear. He tells them that her ex was a detective with the L.A. Police Department until he was recently fired. Raúl explains about the phone calls Angel got from Jim until she had to have her number changed. 
I tell them about her fears and that she thought he was here in the area. I’m not sure why she thought that, if it was a feeling or something more significant. They ask whether I am involved with her romantically. They tell us her car was totaled and where they had it towed to and that a family member can go over and pick up her keys from the tow company and any property that was in her car. 
They tell us the vehicle that caused the accident was a black SUV with stolen license plates. Her car was hit on the driver-side door, she ran off the side of the road, and her car rolled several times before coming to a stop against a tree. A woman in a car passing by didn’t see the accident but saw the aftermath. She stopped and called 911. She was with Angel until the paramedics arrived. They said the woman was kneeling down by the driver-side door, holding Angel’s hand when they arrived. 
This is the first I have heard about the details of the accident. Raúl chokes on a sob, and I blink away the tears. I am thankful someone was there with her, even though she was unconscious. The detectives tell us to call them if or when she wakes up. They hand us their business cards and leave. Raúl speaks something in Spanish and pulls at his hair with his hands. “Ese sucio hijo de puta. Voy a matarlo.” [“That dirty son of a bitch. I will kill him.”] 
I walk out to where Sara and Brea are, and Raúl heads back through the ICU doors to be with Angel and Maria. 
Sara and Brea stand and hug me. They really are some sweet girls. I tell them what the police had said — the police believe the accident was intentional. I tell them that a woman came upon the accident, called 911, and stayed with Angel until the paramedics arrived. They tell me about the hang-up calls they’ve been getting at work. 
Maria, Raúl, and I take turns sitting with Angel. Carla is working overtime in the ICU, and Sara and Brea are permitted to go back and see Angel. I tried to prepare them for her condition and appearance, but I know there isn’t enough preparing in the world for that. Dad, Vincent, and Donovan all stop by after work. 
The guys all talk about the news the police shared about the wreck. Raúl says his friend George Walters is a neighbor of Jim’s and is a family friend and coworker. He tells us he is looking into Jim’s whereabouts. Donovan says that his P.I. is also checking into Jim. Dad and Vincent sit back and listen intently. 
The elevator dings and in walks Angel’s neighbors, Carl and Josephine Morgan. I stand with Raúl, and we walk over to them. They are clearly shaken up. They heard about the accident on the news. I feel like a total dick for not contacting them. Raúl embraces them both. I make pleasantries and then excuse myself. 
Raúl and Maria walk over to me, and Carl and Josephine head to get a cup of coffee. 
“Maria and I are going to the wreckage yard to collect Angel’s keys later on today, and any property of hers that was in the vehicle.” 
“You can stay at my condo as long as you need. I’ll be staying here with Angel, so the condo will be empty.” 
“Thank you, Mason. That is very generous, but we can’t put you out. Here is your house key and we appreciate your hospitality.” 
“Angel was right about you,” Maria adds, smiling. 
“Well, if you change your mind, the offer still stands.” 
I wave goodbye to Carl and Josephine before heading back to sit with Angel. 
Maria and Raúl visit with Josephine and Carl. Sara, Brea, Dad, Vincent, and Donovan all head home. 
I walk in and look at Angel. She is so helpless lying there. Her eyes are more swollen and blacker than the day before. I look around the room and look at the monitors. Her vitals are stable. They are still giving her Phenytoin IV to prevent possible seizures from her head trauma. The room is sterile and cold. Angel would hate this. She is all about colors and textures. I kiss her cheek and stroke my hand along a strand of her hair peeking out through the gauze. Taking the seat next to her, I hold her limp hand. I look at her and pray for her to wake up, to move, moan, something. I pray for some form of movement, of life, anything. 
I wake up when the door shuts. I look around, but no one but Angel is in the room. I look at Angel lying in bed. I look at the clock; it is 2:58. I stand and walk to the door. No one is in the hall or at the nurses’ station. I walk back and watch the monitors. I say a silent prayer asking for a miracle, not for me, but for Angel. I haven’t known her long, but she has certainly made an impact in my life. The nurse walks in and assesses Angel. I take my seat beside the bed and lay my head on the railing. I hold Angel’s hand and stroke it gently, careful not to disturb her IV site. I drift into a restless sleep. I wake up to a twitch to the palm of my hand. I stare where our hands connected, and I feel another twitch. Hope bursts through me like a rocket. I look at her face and talk sweetly to her. I ask her to please come back to me. I summon the nurse with the nurse’s call button. When the nurse enters, I inform her about the slight movement I felt. The nurse checks on Angel and tells me that my news is very reassuring. She’ll notify the doctor immediately. 
When the nurse leaves, I just sit there waiting by Angel, praying for her to wake. I am awoken when the doctor enters the room. 
“Good morning, Mason. I hear our patient made some movement last night.” 
“Good morning, Alec. I was holding her hand and I felt a twitch twice.” 
I bend my neck side to side trying to work out a cramp. 
“I ordered another CT scan for this morning. If everything looks good, we are going to wean her off the ventilator later today. She has brain activity, so that’s great news. It looks like from the monitor she’s been dreaming. We still need to see if there is any brain damage and if so, how extensive it is. We still have the issue with her broken femur. Soon we’ll need to operate on it and insert some pins and rods in her thigh to help stabilize the bone. She still has a very long road of recovery ahead of her. We’ll know more later on.” 
The doctor leaves the room, and I get some soap and hot water in a wash basin and wipe off Angel’s face and hands very carefully so I do not hurt her or cause further injury. I avoid the IV line, cast, and the dressings to her head. I get the dried-on blood from between her fingers and in her nail beds. I know this won’t change anything, but I want her to be comfortable. I want to help her but have no idea how. 
I call Raúl and Maria first to tell them about the doctor ordering another CT scan today and if there’s improvement they will begin to wean Angel off the ventilator later today. I also tell them I felt a twitch from her while holding her hand. I tell them I have a quick errand I need to run when they get here. Then I call Mom, Dad, Sara, and Brea. They will call Vincent and Donovan to inform them of the update. 
I make a quick list of my errands and make a quick phone call. 
Angel
I lie here. My head is killing me. I try to open my eyes, but they won’t open. I try to move my hand, but nothing. I can hear Mason talking, but I don’t know who he is talking to. I remember showering and getting dressed. I remember kissing Mason and closing the door when he left for work. He told me to lock the door. A key and this note were sitting beside my purse when I went to leave: 
Angel, I wish you would stay in today, but I have a feeling you are already on your way out. Here is the key to the condo and the security code — 102361 — to enter into the elevator for the penthouse floor. I’ll call you later to see if you want me to bring dinner home. Be careful and drive safely. Thinking of you, Mason 
Why can’t I move? I try to speak, to call for Mason. My mouth is so dry. I feel so sleepy, like I’m in a fog. I want to move, speak but I can’t. Sleep claims me. 
Mason
When Raúl and Maria walk in, I update them on the latest news. The CT scan has shown the swelling in Angel’s brain is subsiding, and they are indeed weaning her off the ventilator. I kiss Angel gently and leave to give them some time alone with her. I call the hospital and request the week off from work. My last day is Friday, but I offer to stay on an extra week to work out my notice. They tell me that won’t be necessary. I walk down to the gift shop and pick up a few items. I go into the small coffee shop inside the hospital and order a muffin and coffee. I sit at the far-end wall and reach into the bag and fill out the card I bought for her. 
I go back up and in the waiting area. Sara and Brea are sitting there. They closed the office again today. I am not surprised. It has remained closed since Angel’s accident. A small vase of flowers is sitting on the table in front of them: a small bouquet of mixed colored daisies, Angel’s favorite flowers. They brought me a bagel and coffee from the coffee shop down the street. 
Maria and Raúl come out and tell me some flowers came for Angel while I was out. They tell me the doctor was in and will start weaning Angel off the ventilator within the next hour. They picked up Angel’s car keys from the wreckage company late yesterday. They don’t want to intrude on me and will be staying at her cottage tonight. Maria tells me how grateful she is that Angel has found me and thanks me again for my hospitality. I almost get choked up. I’m grateful to have Angel in my life. 
I head back into Angel’s room with the flowers from Sara and Brea. I place the vase of flowers on her bedside table. I pull the card I bought her from the sack and place it next to the flowers. The flowers I ordered came from the florist and have brightened up her room. I place the stuffed animal I got her in the bed with her, and I look around the room. She would be pleased. I put the new tube of ChapStick on her bedside table as well. I know she will need this when she wakes up. 
The doctor comes into the room with two nurses. Maria and Raúl are right behind them. Alec tells us they are planning to wean her from the ventilator now. They will stop all meds that have kept her sedated and in a coma and will slowly turn off the ventilator. They reinforce to us that she may wake up right away or she may remain comatose. They have no idea what will happen but want to prepare us. They remind us that they are unsure how much, if any, brain damage she has sustained. She may also suffer from amnesia, but we won’t know until she wakes up. They have already started her on high doses of pain meds through her IV and that will continue around the clock.
Maria sits in the chair next to Angel repeating words over and over. “Oh, Dios mío por favor, devuélvenos a nuestra Angel.” [“Oh, Dear God, please bring our Angel back to us.”]
I stand by the window and wait for some kind of change. She looks so peaceful there. I am almost afraid of the unbearable amount of pain she will be in when she wakes up. It is 12:46, and we just wait and watch. 
At 3:12, the ventilator is completely off and Angel hasn’t moved. I gently kiss her red swollen lips. I just want those lips to respond to mine once more. I put some ChapStick on her lips and take a seat in the chair next to her. Raúl and Maria left to get something to eat. I am restless, so I pace the room, checking monitors, her IV fluids, and her IV site. I walk to the flowers and touch them before walking over to the bed where she is. I check her right leg that is still in traction and check her right hand in the cast. I touch her toes and fingers to check for warmth and blood flow. I feel useless. I save people’s lives and help them and yet as I sit by her side I can’t do a damn thing. 
The machine beeps and I look up. Her blood pressure is going up along with her pulse. The doctor and nurses come into the room and stand and monitor the readings. Angel jerks slightly in the bed. Her doctor pushes Valium into her IV and her blood pressure and pulse return to normal. I run my hands into my hair cursing silently. A nightmare, my girl was having a nightmare. Fuck … this accident could haunt her for years. 
Angel
I try to move but can’t. Why can’t I wake up? I try to open my eyes, but they won’t open. My leg and head are killing me. Who is Mason talking to? He sounds so sad. I can feel him stroking my knuckles. I want to wrap my fingers around his, but my hands won’t move. 
I remember: 
I am driving towards the store, window slightly down and music up. I feel great. The more time I spend with Mason, the more I like him. I’m going to make him the best home-cooked meal he has ever had. I turn North on Midnight Pass Way heading to Publix Grocery Store. A black SUV is coming towards me on the wrong side of the road. There is no place to pull over. I hope the driver is on the phone and will look up, but the closer we get, it seems, the faster the driver goes. Everything moves in slow motion. I try to look at the driver, but I can’t make out who it is because of the dark tint. Even the front windows are tinted. It looks like the same SUV that has been parked on my street and outside my work. I swerve to try to miss the black SUV, but it hits my driver-side door. I scream, trying to right my car but I overcorrect it and it goes into a tailspin and hits the guardrail, flipping my car over and over and over again. I hold on to the steering wheel as tight as I can. My head is being jerked side to side. I can hear glass breaking and metal crushing. I can feel the car skidding to a stop. I am in a lot of pain. My head is killing me. My entire right side hurts. I am in excruciating pain. I look around, and I can see the SUV driving off. I try to keep my eyes open, but can’t. I fall into the darkness. 
Mason
I sit and don’t move. I hold her hand and repeat my silent prayer. I lower the bed railing and lay my head as close to her body as I can. I have no idea what time it is, but sleep consumes me. I am exhausted. I wake up to movement. I feel a faint touch on my hair. Someone is slightly touching my hair. I barely move. I don’t want it to stop. Angel has managed to move her hand into my hair. I slowly stand and take her hand in mine. Her eyes are closed but fluttering. I lightly grasp her hand, and I can feel her hand tighten. Raúl and Maria enter the room and stand by the bed. They notice the change. Raúl leans into the railing and whispers something in Angel’s ear in Spanish. “Te amamos mi querida Angel, despierta.” [“Wake up, my dear Angel, we love you.”]

Her eyes flutter some more and then slightly open. I rub my other hand lightly against her cheek. I look back at the monitors, her vitals are stable. I look over at Raúl and Maria, and they are both smiling at her.
Angel closes her eyes and reopens them again as if she is trying to focus on their faces. She hasn’t looked away from her aunt and uncle. Maria praises God for answering her prayers, or at least that what it sounds like. My Spanish is pretty rusty. “Muchas gracias mi querido Jesús por devolvernos a nuestra dulce niña.” [“Thank you, dear Jesus, very much for bringing my sweet baby back to us.”]

Angel tries to speak but is unable to. I get the cup of water and angle the straw towards Angel’s mouth. 
“Small sips, Beauty, it will help.” 
She turns her head slightly to me; tears are in her eyes. I wipe them away with my thumb and encourage her to drink. Angel takes a sip and squints her eyes as if she is in pain. I’m not sure whether it’s her throat that hurts or her overall pain. She takes another sip and looks back at her aunt and uncle. Raúl leans in and kisses her on her cheek and brushes the small piece of hair poking out from her gauze. Angel whispers something before closing her eyes. 
Raúl, Maria, and I are smiling. I call the nurse to alert them that Angel has woken up. I say my own silent thank you. She was awake. God, what a relief. That is one obstacle out of the way. She wakes up a few times throughout the day. Just for mere minutes. She tries to talk, but the words are inaudible. I provide sips of water, but she dozes off to sleep before she tries to speak again. I apply ChapStick to her lips and wash her face again for her. 
I am in need of a shower, but I refuse to leave. I look at the clock; it is 1:18. Almost 12 hours since she first woke up. Everyone has gone home. Raúl and Maria both offered to stay so I could go home, but I refused. I offered to let them stay at the condo again, but they wanted to go to Angel’s. I asked them to bring the quilt that Angel has lying on back of the couch and a few of her romance novels she has lying around. I want something personal of Angel’s to be here with her. She would like that. 
I rest my head as close to her body as I can. I wake up to her playing in my hair again. I smile and keep my head lowered. I want to look at her, but I don’t want to interrupt her. I lightly rub my hand on her left leg so she knows I am awake. When she stops moving, I raise my head and look into her eyes. She is lying there awake. I smile and touch her cheek. She lifts her fingers slightly. I move my hand to hers, and I loop my finger around one of hers. 
“Hi, Angel.” 
“Hi,” she says in a very raspy voice. 
Holding the straw up to her lips, I tell her small drinks. She does. She licks her dry lips before taking another sip. 
“What happened?” she whispers. 
“Don’t talk, Beauty. Your aunt and uncle left a few hours ago, and Sara and Brea will be back tomorrow." 
She nods and closes her eyes and drifts back to sleep. I lay my head near her torso and sleep. 
I wake up when Maria and Raúl come into the room carrying the quilt that lay on the back of Angel’s couch and a couple of her romance books. I stand up rubbing my eyes and stretch. I take the quilt and gently lay it over her and place the books on her already crowded bedside table. 
“Angel’s mother made this quilt when Angel was a small child,” Maria says. 
 I look at Maria, who is gently stroking the quilt. 
“I knew it was handmade, but I didn’t know by whom. It’s very beautiful.” 
Raúl adds, “It was made from clothing that belonged to her family. This square here is from Angel’s first-grade dress, this is from Rosita’s apron, and this piece here is from Miguel’s, work shirt. Miguel is her father.” 
Maria adds, “These squares are from her mother, Ana’s, Sunday dresses. Raúl, this is from your shirt that Ana got you for your birthday.” 
Raúl steps closer to get a better look. 
“It sure is, I wondered what happened to that shirt.” 
We all start laughing. 
“Ana bought it for you and then cut it up to make a quilt.” 
“That sounds like Ana. God, how I miss her,” Raúl says. “I think I wore that shirt only a few times before it came up missing.” 
“This is from Angel’s Sunday School dress.” 
Angel opens her eyes and blinks a few times. Maria keeps talking, deciding not to draw attention to Angel. She speaks as though Angel is involved in the conversation. 
“These squares are from Angel’s baby doll clothes and this one is from my blouse and here’s one from my Christmas apron.” 
Maria holds the quilt up for Angel to see without Angel having to angle her head. 
I can feel Angel’s fingers move. I place her hand up to the quilt and she gently touches it. She hasn’t spoken, but I know she remembers. She hasn’t said our names, but I know that she knows us. Angel looks around the bed and focuses her eyes on the vase of flowers on her bedside table. I release her hand and pick up the daisies for Angel to see. I can see the corners of her lips turn up slightly. 
“Sara and Brea brought these for you.” 
The doctor — Alec Collins — and a nurse enter the room and walk over to the bed. 
“I see our patient is awake,” the doctor says, and Angel blinks. 
We step out of the way and let Alec and the nurse get closer to assess her. The nurse gives her a drink of water. Alec holds her hand that isn’t in the cast. 
“Angel, I’m Dr. Collins. Can you squeeze my hand?” 
She closes her eyes and concentrates as she squeezes. 
He nods and says, “Very good.” 
“Are you in any pain?” 
“Yes,” she says in a very raspy voice. 
He touches her broken hand and feet. I know he is checking for blood circulation. 
“Alec holds the cup of water to Angel’s mouth and angles the straw to her lips. Take another sip of water; it’ll help with the discomfort in your throat. Can you tell me where you are?” 
In a very raspy voice that doesn’t sound like hers, she replies, “Bed.” 
She looks around the room and asks, “Hospital?” 
“Good, do you know why you are here?” 
She blinks a few times and nods her head yes. She squeezes her eyes closed. He releases her hand and walks over to the monitors where the nurse is standing. The nurse adds something into her IV. Pain meds, I assume. Angel immediately drifts off to sleep. 
The doctor walks back over to us and tells us he gave her morphine for pain and that she has some memory. 
“Her memory seems to be mostly intact. She will come to more and more as time passes. She should sleep for a few hours from the meds I just gave her. Now would be a good time to get something to eat or shower if you want. I’ll be back in shortly.” 
He nods and exits the room. 
I look down at my clothing. 
“You should go home and shower and eat something; we will be right here with her,” Maria says. 
“Are you sure?” I ask, looking at Angel and not at Maria. 
“Sí, señor.”

I look up and say, “I’ll be back in an hour. Thank you.” 
I go home and shower quickly and eat a sandwich and a banana. I look around the apartment and realize just how long it’s been since I have been here last. I put some hygiene items, a couple changes of clothes into a duffle bag, along with some protein bars, a few apples, and some bottled water. I call my Dad and let him know Angel is starting to come to. I call Police Detective Evans and let him know she is off the ventilator but isn’t well enough to be questioned, but I’ll keep him informed. I text Donovan and Vincent and update them as well. They will call Sara and Brea. 
I walk into the hospital and Sara and Brea are there, holding a bunch of balloons that say, “Get well soon. We miss you,” and a balloon with a bear with his arm in a cast, a thermometer in his mouth, and his head wrapped up in gauze. I laugh to myself. I think it’s the first time I have laughed in days. I walk over to them and lay the duffle bag in the chair next to them. They stand and I bend down to hug them. We get a cup of coffee and talk for a few minutes. 
They walk into Angel’s room with me carrying the half dozen balloons. People stare at us but don’t say anything. Alec looks up from his computer with a raised brow. I hold up a finger to indicate that we will be here just for a minute. 
“Angel’s sisters,” I say, grinning. 
“Really?” He smiles and looks away, not waiting for an answer. 
We enter the ICU room where Angel is. They are just finishing up doing another CT scan. Maria and Raúl are standing near her bed. Brea lays the balloons next to a bouquet of flowers on the window sill. 
“These from you?” she asks, smiling and touching the two dozen white daisies. 
I shrug my shoulders and say, “I wanted her to wake up to something other than white, sterile walls.” 
“You did a great job, Mason. Those are her favorite flowers.” 
“Thank you. She told me that she likes daisies.” 
We walk over to Angel’s bed. Her eyes are open and she is smiling at Sara. Sara is holding her hand and stroking her fingers. Maria is holding a cup to Angel’s mouth with the straw to her lips. Angel drinks the water. Maria sets the cup down and Brea moves in closer to the bed. Brea strokes Angel’s cheek and tells her she was so scared. Sara has tears falling onto her cheeks. I stand back and watch the exchange among friends. Angel has tears running down her cheeks, and Brea starts with her own tears. Maria and Raúl wave to me as they exit the room. Maria is also crying, happy tears this time. Angel squeezes Sara’s hand before she drifts off to sleep. 
Sara and Brea leave shortly after. 
The doctor comes into the room and says, “We have good news. The CT scan revealed the swelling is almost completely gone from her brain and she has normal brain activity. We can move her out of ICU and into a private room later today. She may still suffer from some amnesia, but we won’t know until she starts talking. It seems she is recognizing her family and friends. We will still need to operate on her right leg and set the bone but that won’t be for another couple days. We want to get her a little stronger first. She is no longer critical. It is still difficult for her to talk from the ventilator tubes being in her throat and because the broken ribs are causing her pain. We will still be medicating her heavily to try to control her pain so that will add to her groggy state.” 
Taking a deep breath, I fall into the chair behind me and say, “That is great news.” 
I send out a group text telling everyone. Angel wakes up a few times and stays awake for longer periods; she is able to form some words, but I do most of the talking. She holds the small monkey stuffed animal that I placed in her bed with her a few days before. The monkey holds a heart that says, “I wuv you.” She looks at the monkey and holds it up to her lips and kisses it before looking back up to me. I bend down and kiss her on her lips. She returns my kiss, and I smile. I pull away a little and her eyes also reveal a smile, a twinkle I haven’t seen in them in days. 
“I wuv you,” I whisper to her and kiss her again. 
It feels so good to have her lips respond to mine. I don’t want to move. I want to deepen our kiss and climb in bed and lie with her, but of course, I don’t. Someone clears her throat before entering the room. 
Maria is walking towards the bed. She is carrying a cup of soup and a red lollipop. She smiles as she walks over to Angel. 
“Hi,” Angel whispers. 
“Hope I’m not interrupting anything.” 
Maria looks over at me and grins. 
“No, nothing,” I say, clearing my throat and returning her grin. 
“I brought you some homemade soup and your favorite treat. The cute doctor said you can eat small amounts of soft food today. I know how much you loved your Mamma’s soup. It won’t be as good as hers, but I tried.” 
She sets the soup on the table and holds the lollipop up for Angel to see it. Angel flinches when she moves to reach for the sucker. Maria unwraps it and hands it to her. Angel places it in her mouth and sucks on it. It’s the first thing she’s had in her mouth other than water in days. 
I didn’t know she liked suckers. It dawns on me I barely even know her. I feel like I have known her forever even though it has been only a couple months. 
The nurse comes into the room and announces they are moving Angel into a regular room. Angel hands the sucker back to Maria. I kiss Angel and start to load her personal items onto a cart the nurse brought in with her. I didn’t notice all the flowers that were in her room until now. Sara and Donovan sent roses, and Mom, Dad, and Madison sent a red star gazer lily. Mom always sends lilies for every occasion. Brea and Vincent sent a bouquet of wild flowers. Maria and Raúl sent a large bouquet of pink Dahlias, a native Mexican flower. I also see a single yellow rose with no card in a small bud vase. I load up the flowers, balloons, the soup Maria had made and Angel’s romance novels and follow the nurses and the hospital bed out the door and down the hall. Maria walks beside me. 
“Where is Raúl?” 
“He had a call from George Walters that he had to take. He’ll be up soon.” 
We wait outside and let them get Angel situated before we enter the room. 
“I have to pee,” I hear Angel say in her raspy voice. 
I look over and the catheter is hanging low from her bed rail. I busy myself with placing the flowers around the room so Angel has a view of the flowers from every angle. The nurse explains to Angel that she has a catheter inserted that is draining her urine straight from her bladder and although she feels like she needs to pee, her bladder is indeed empty. 
“I still have to pee,” Angel insists. 
I walk over to Angel and smile. She looks embarrassed when she sees me. 
“You have to pee, Angel?” 
“Yes.” 
“As you know, you can’t get up.” 
“I know, but I need to pee.” 
“I’ll close the curtain to give you some privacy and you try to pee from right here. Closing your eyes and concentrating may help relax your bladder and you’ll be able to release some urine your bladder is retaining. Maria and I will be right on the other side of the curtain, if you need anything.” 
“Thank you.” 
Maria and I continue to put out her flowers. Maria looks at the small bud vase holding the single yellow rose and sets it further back in the window sill out of view. 
“I’m done,” Angel says. 
Maria pulls the curtain open, and I go into the bathroom to get her a washcloth. 
“Feel better?” 
“Yes.” 
“It helped?” 
She nods. 
The nurses just look at me. That’s right. I know a few things, too. I wipe off Angel’s face and hands for her and Maria applies some ChapStick to Angel’s lips and some hand lotion to Angel’s left hand and right fingers. Angel smiles and I know she feels better. The curtains are open, and the room is much brighter than before. Angel closes her eyes, and I partially close her curtains to make the room darker. She soon drifts off into a slumber. 
Angel sleeps for an hour or so before Raúl enters the room with a genuine smile. He is thrilled to see Angel has been moved to a regular room. Maria walks him over to the window and points to the yellow rose. His smile immediately leaves his face and stress lines forms on his forehead. He grabs his phone and sends out a text. 
I sit with Angel by her bed. Maria feeds her some soup and she eats. Sara and Brea come in and visit, and they bring a big bag of red suckers. I asked them to bring her some and they get the biggest bag they can find. Brea opens up the bag of suckers and soon all the girls in the room are sucking on one. Dad, Mom, and Madison stop in to check on Angel. Angel is embarrassed at meeting my family for the first time. They hug her like she is family. Dad and Raúl walk away from everyone and stand near the window sill looking out the window that is facing the parking garage. 
I stand away from Angel’s bed, but I am close enough for her to see me and know I am still in the room. She listens to Mom, Madison, Maria, Sara, and Brea as they talk about something — I have no idea what. I watch her intently not listening to the conversations in the room, but just looking at her. She looks up at me a few times and smiles. 
Angel drifts off to sleep and everyone leaves for the night. 
A chair in the room reclines to a makeshift bed. I close the blinds, turn off the lights, and lower her bed rail and scoot the chair in as close as I can next to her. I rest my head next to her torso and hold her left hand careful not to bother her IV. I close my eyes and thank God for bringing her back to me. 
I feel Angel stroking my hand. I raise up and smile at her. She is looking at me. 
“Hi, Handsome.” 
My heart skips a beat. I love when she calls me that. 
“Hi, Beauty. Sleep well?” 
“I did, thank you. You’re here a lot,” she says as she tries to swallow. 
I hold the cup and straw to her mouth. She takes small sips. 
“You didn’t think I would leave you here alone, did you?” 
“How long have I been here?” she asks, confused. 
I have to think, I’m not sure. 
“Five or six days, I think?” 
“Have you been here the whole time?” she swallows. 
“No, I went home and showered.” 
“How many times?” 
“I don’t know, I didn’t count.” 
I didn’t count, but I know it was once. 
“Mmmm ummm,” she says as she grimaces. 
“You’re in pain.” 
It’s not a question but a statement. 
She nods and I call the nurse. 
The nurse comes in and administer more pain meds into her IV and Angel drifts off to sleep again. 
I drift off to sleep and wake up to my phone alerting me to a text message. I read it and it’s from my Dad. 
Dad: Are you free to meet with me at the hospital later this afternoon? 
Mason: Of course, what’s up? 
Dad: It’s nothing, I just have a few things to discuss with you. 
Mason: Are you sure it’s nothing? 
Dad: It’s nothing for you to worry about. We’ll talk later. I love you, Son. 
Mason: See you later. I love you, too. 
I look at the clock and it says 5:24. I look out the window and it’s still dark outside. Dad is up pretty early, even for a work day. 
I pick up one of Angel’s romance novels from her bedside table and open it to the bookmark. I read to myself and blush. I was going to read it aloud to her but decide Fifty Shades Darker isn’t the kind of book you read in public or aloud for that matter. I look at the author’s name: E.L. James. I think I know why she didn’t list her first name. Laughing to myself, I lay the book down and pick up another one: Collide by Gail McHugh. This book also has a bookmark in place. How many different books can one person read at once? I open it and begin reading to myself. This is very amusing: A drunken guy named Gavin, is at a rehearsal dinner giving a drunken speech about the bride-to-be, name of Emily, with whom he is in love. Only in the fictional world would this happen. 
“Reading something funny?” Angel smirks. 
“I was going to read to you from Fifty Shades Darker but decided against it.” I show her the book Collide and ask, “Your book boyfriend?” 
“One of them, yes. I love Gavin Blake.” 
She looks at the book on the table, Fifty Shades Darker, and lifts her chin in that direction. “A guy could learn a thing or two from reading that book,” she rasps. 
I look at her, deadpan, and say, “A guy could learn more than a thing or two from that book.” 
I lay the book Collide down and lean into the bed near her. 
She grimaces as she tries to take in a deep breath. 
“I’m glad you’re up. How are you feeling?” 
“In pain. How long am I going to be like this?” she asks with tears in her eyes. 
“Beauty, I don’t know for sure. They still have to operate on your leg, but I’m not sure when that will be. We can ask your doctor the next time he comes in. You are making remarkable improvement, and I am so proud of you.” 
I lean in and kiss her and ask, “Do you remember anything about the accident?” 
“Bits and pieces. Thank you for staying with me.” 
“You are more than welcome, Angel. I’ll be here as long as you are.” 
“Really?” 
“Really, Boy Scout’s honor,” I say, holding up my index finger and my middle finger together. I rub my thumb across her knuckles and soon she is fast asleep. 
I grab my duffle bag and use the private shower in Angel’s room. When I return she has a food tray with soft foods and clear liquids sitting on her table. I put my duffle bag over by the window and pull my phone charger from the bag and charge my nearly dead phone. I eat a protein bar and down a bottle of water I had stashed in the duffle bag, before turning to help with Angel’s tray. 
When I turn around, Angel is watching me. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you,” I say, looking at her. 
“You didn’t.” 
The nurse walks in to help Angel with her breakfast, but I tell her I’ll take care of it. The nurse smiles and leaves. 
I walk over to Angel’s meal tray and remove the lids from the cups and bowls. 
“Well, it looks like you have chicken broth, beef broth, red Jell-O, and vanilla pudding.” 
I look at her and she is scrunching up her nose. “What will it be, Beauty?” 
“Bacon and eggs.” 
“Wrong answer. You have to eat something. Pick one or I’ll pick it for you.” 
“I’ll have the Jell-O.” 
“Wrong answer again, pick something else.” 
“Ugh, the broth?” 
“Good choice.” 
“You say that like I had a choice,” she says, frowning. 
I clear the table and scoot the table up to her. I want to feed it to her, but I know she needs to try to do it herself. She is right handed, so using her left hand will prove to be difficult. I lay the paper napkin on her chest and place the spoon in her beef broth. When she spills more than she eats, I remove the spoon and hand her the cup of broth to drink. 
“You couldn’t have done that first?” she says, smiling. 
“I could have, but I wanted you to try the spoon with the soup first.” 
“How far are you going to push me?” 
I wink at her and say, “As far as I can.” 
I take her empty broth cup and place the bowl of Jell-O on her table with a spoon in it. 
“Now, you can have the Jell-O.” 
“Why thank you, doctor.” 
The nurse walks in and asks if Angel wants a bed bath: “The doctor said we can remove your gauze from your head today. You have a laceration in the back of your head with some staples so we’ll have to be careful with it. We also have a no-suds shampoo cap we can use to wash your hair with. The doctor said we can remove your IV later today if you can keep your food down.” 
Maria and Raúl walk in; Maria is carrying an overnight bag. 
I lean in, kiss Angel, and tell her I’ll be downstairs while she gets all beautiful. 
I ask Raúl would he like to join me as I grab my cell phone and prepare to leave. We walk down the hall and catch the elevator to the ground floor. Raúl and I order coffee and breakfast, and I get a cranberry juice for Angel. I call the police detective and let him know that Angel has been moved to a regular room and to call before he comes to speak to her. I want myself or Raúl to be there. 
Raúl gets a phone call and takes it in private in the hallway. 
I get a text from Vincent: 
V: Donovan and I will be up later if that’s all right? 
M: Sounds good. She’s doing so much better. 
V: That’s great news, man. Do you need anything when we come? 
M: No, I’m good. See you soon. 
I can smell her before I see her. Cinnamon and Peaches, my new favorite scent. I walk in and she is applying ChapStick. She looks better, and I know she must feel better. She still has on a faded hospital gown because of her cast, and her right leg is still in traction. The gauze is off her head, and her hair is in a loose ponytail. Her eyes and face are still bruised but the bruises are fading. 
I smile at her from the doorway. Raúl is heading over by her bed to kiss her. They speak Spanish for a few minutes. She looks at me periodically and I smile when she does. The nurse leaves and I walk out with her. I ask how Angel did with her bed bath and if she has been medicated. I walk back in her room and head over to Angel. Raúl is now over by the window. She reaches her left hand up for me and I take it eagerly. I bend down and whisper in her ear, “You’re absolutely breathtaking.” And I mean every word of it. 
She turns her head and wraps her left hand around my neck and into my hair and kisses me. She tastes like mint from her toothpaste. I kiss her back, wanting to deepen it, but don’t. I move my lips back to her ear and whisper, “You taste delicious,” before kissing the shell of her ear. 
Then I ask, “May I see the staples to your head?” 
She leans up as far as she can, being very cautious of her broken ribs. I lean in to get a look and she turns her head to the right. I part her hair with my fingers and see the eight staples at the back of her head. I smooth her hair back in place and kiss her on top of her head. 
I open the cranberry juice and place a straw in it for her. She takes it and takes a big drink. I put it in my memory that Angel likes cranberry juice. We all sit and visit. Sara and Brea stop in and are shocked to see how good Angel looks. They don’t stay long; they need to head to the office so they can catch up on some work. They leave, but say they’ll be back after work. 
Angel falls asleep before lunch and Raúl takes Maria home to rest. I get a call from the detectives that they will be here at 2 to talk with Angel. I text Raúl to let him know so he can be here. I also text Dad to let him know. I know he has been keeping up with the news although I have yet to turn the TV on. I don’t want to catch any footage of the accident or any updates they may be posting. It’s 1:38 when Angel wakes up. I get her some soup that Maria left for her, and I tell her the detectives will be here at 2. Dad and Raúl walk in together, and it catches me off guard. I’m surprised to see them together. Coincidence? Maybe. I’m not sure. Dad walks over and hugs me and hugs Angel. 
I ask the nurse to bring in a couple extra chairs for an hour or so. They do. Angel appears to be getting anxious, and the nurse gives her something to calm her. 
The detectives walk in, and I stand to shake their hands. They introduce themselves to Dad and Raúl. 
I lean in near Angel and whisper so only so she can hear me, “You all right?” 
“Yes, but I’m so nervous.” 
“If it gets too much, you say something. I’ll be right here. I’m not leaving you for a minute.” 
“Ok, will you sit beside me?” 
“Angel, I will be right here with you. You have nothing to worry about. 
I stand up and introduce Angel to Detective Evans and Detective Farmer. I offer them the two empty chairs while I take the one nearest to Angel. Dad and Raúl take the chairs farthest away, but scoot them closer. Dad stands and closes the door so we won’t be interrupted. 
Detective Farmer pulls out a small audio recorder from his jacket pocket and asks, “Do you mind if we record this conversation, Miss Perez?” 
“No, that’s fine,” she says, clearing her throat. 
I reach up and hold her hand. She loops her pinky around mine. Detective Farmer leans up and sets the recorder on the table in front of Angel. 
They ask a series of questions about her relationship with Jim and about how long she has been in town. I can feel Angel tense up and I squeeze her finger to let her know she’s doing great. They ask when she last saw Jim or talked to him. They ask her about the black SUV she has been seeing around her house and anything suspicious she has noticed at work or at home. She tells them about the outside light being burned out and then the next night it was on. She tells them about the lamp that was on in her house, although she didn’t remember having it on. This is all new to me, and I feel sick hearing it. To think that sick fuck may have been that close to her makes me furious. They tell her they have some leads on the SUV, and as soon as they have something concrete to share, they will. I look over at Raúl and Dad, and they are both looking at each other and taking their own notes. 
The detectives stand, thank Angel for her time, and tell her that if she remembers anything to call them. They exit the room, and I kiss Angel and tell her she did great. The doctor comes in to check on her and to see if she needs anything for pain. She is beginning to become very uncomfortable being in the traction. 
Alec tells her that the orthopedic surgeon will be in later to discuss surgery with her to repair her badly fractured femur. He adds, “If you are able to keep your dinner down, we will remove the IV from your hand later today.” 
Her dinner tray comes, and the nurse offers to assist her with it. I decline for Angel and help her with it myself. 
“Well, Beauty, today you have applesauce, fruit juice, beef broth, chicken broth, and look, there’s cherry Jell-O. What would you like?” 
“The Jell-O, please.” 
“Try again, what else would you like?” 
Dad starts laughing quietly. 
“The fruit juice, please.” 
“Beauty, don’t make this so hard.” 
Raúl starts laughing. 
“Why do you give me a choice when I don’t get to choose?” 
She sounds agitated, and I laugh. 
“You get to choose, but you have to choose right. Let’s try this again. Angel, what would you like?” 
“Well, doctor, since I can’t have what I want, I guess I’ll have what you want me to have. May I please have the yummy and delicious chicken broth in the beautiful Styrofoam cup?" she says, batting her long eyelashes at me. 
We all laugh, including Angel, but she winces from the pain of her fractured ribs. It is obvious that she does not like either Styrofoam or the chicken broth. 
“Great choice, Beauty. Either you’re heavily medicated or you are feeling better. I’m glad to see your spunk is coming back.” 
I remove the lids from her dinner cups and bowls. I hand her the soup without a spoon and she smiles. I place the Jell-O with a spoon near her on the table next to the fruit punch. 
Dad and Raúl stay through dinner and talk about everything and nothing. I’m glad to see they are getting along. Angel naps after her dinner, and Raúl leaves to get Maria and bring her back to visit. Dad remains quiet and is on his phone texting back and forth. I stare out the window and pray they find the bastard who did this to her soon. 
Mom, Madison, Brea, and Sara walk in carrying large bags of soups, mashed potatoes, noodles, Jell-O, and ice cream from Mom’s favorite restaurant. Everything is soft foods that Angel can have but enough for us to share a dinner with her. Mom even picked up clear plastic plates, bowls, and cups that resemble glass dishes. Angel wakes up and smiles at all the company in the room, or at the smell of food, I can’t be sure which. She can’t move, but she tries to straighten herself. I swear, I love her. She is absolutely radiant with her messy hair and faded hospital gown. She catches me looking at her, and I wink. 
I catch Mom alone and thank her for bringing Angel some real food. She tells me Dad texted her earlier and explained about what happened with her dinner tray. Angel didn’t find the Styrofoam dishes or broth appealing. I look at Dad and he winks at me. He knows the conversation we are having even without hearing a word of it. 
Vincent, Donovan, Maria, and Raúl all show up together. The nurse brings in a table big enough for all the food, and we all eat together, talking and laughing. Angel smiles and eats more this night than I have seen her eat in the last couple days. 
“This is just what the doctor ordered,” Angel jokes and everyone laughs. 
I raise my clear plastic cup and say, “Smart doctor.” 
“Don’t let this doctor try to starve you, Angel,” Madison jokes. “Just call Mom or myself and we’ll bring you whatever you want.” 
“As long as it’s nutritious soft foods, you can bring anything.” 
“I was thinking something fattening and greasy. Cheeseburgers and fries or something.” Madison laughs. 
“Not yet Madison, but maybe next week,” Mom smiles. 
We all help with the cleanup, and the girls sit and chat. Brea brought in a movie. The Notebook. Classic movie for girls. They all sit around and watch it. Dad, Raúl, Vincent, Donovan, and I all leave the room. We follow Dad into a waiting room where two men are sitting in suits and ties. I look at Dad, not sure what is going on. Enough chairs are around a table for everyone to sit. Dad instructs everyone to sit. 
Raúl introduces his work partner to everyone as Police Detective George Walters. Donovan stands and introduces his private investigator to everyone as Frank Medley. 
Dad stands and looks at me. 
“Mason, I didn’t want to worry you. I wanted you to be able to care for Angel without any added stress. George and Frank have been in town for a few days conducting their own investigation into Angel’s accident.” 
Dad looks around the room and makes eye contact with everyone. 
“After listening to the detectives from this afternoon, I feel certain that we are doing the right thing by investigating this on our own. When we find something concrete, we’ll certainly share it with the Sarasota detectives.” 
“These two men have more than 30 years of combined experience in this type of case. I have some pull and I will utilize them when I need to.” 
I nod. I don’t say anything. 
“The car that hit Angel was abandoned at a nearby wreckage yard — the same one they towed Angel’s car to. It was reported stolen three weeks ago from Fort Myers, Florida. 
Dad stops and look around the room. 
“We were able to swab for prints before the police were called. Vincent has some friends who gave us access to the vehicle. It was unlocked, so we didn’t do anything illegal to gain access. We also took some prints from inside Angel’s house and outside around her front porch lights. Her back door had been tampered with, and we believe Jim was inside her house. We didn’t find any fingerprints, but we did find some footprints in her bushes and around her house.” 
He looks at me and asks, “Are you all right, Mason?” 
I nod. 
“We believe Jim is still in the area. The yellow rose that was sent to Angel without a card we believe was from him. Jim used to send Angel yellow roses while they were together for special occasions. Raúl got rid of the rose before Angel woke up and saw it. She doesn’t need to know about this. She needs to focus on her health and getting well.” 
I stand up, pulling on my hair, and say, “I totally agree. She doesn’t need to know about that psychopathic bastard. He wants her dead! He won’t stop until he succeeds. He’s studied law and criminal behavior.” 
I pace the floor, cracking my knuckles, and add, “He knows all about forensics and how to cover evidence up. He beat her for two years and got away with it. He’s the perfect fucking criminal.” 
I continue pacing the floor, trying to figure out what to do. 
“Mason, look at me. This is what we do. We are going to find this lowlife, and we are going to keep her safe. Do you hear me?” my Dad says sternly. 
I nod, sitting back down. 
“We aren’t going to alarm the girls and you are going to do exactly as you have been. She needs you and your stability.” 
“I know, but I feel like I should be doing something.” 
“You are doing something. You are doing what you do best. You are keeping her healthy and her strength up. You stay with her and focus on her health, and we’ll take care of finding him. George and Frank are focusing solely on finding him before he can do any more damage.” 
 “The surgeon is going to schedule her surgery for her fractured leg in the next few days,” I say. “She can’t stay in the traction too much longer.” 
“What kind of recovery time are they talking about?” Raúl asks. 
“Months, she’ll need rehabilitation and she’ll be in a full leg cast. She’ll be completely immobile for a while.” 
“Has anyone considered where she’ll be staying while she recuperates?” Donovan asks. 
 I turn to look at Vincent and ask, “Do we have a completion date for the beach house?” 
“We are right on schedule. Everything inside is done, and we are doing the landscaping now.” 
“Can we get a security gate and fence installed within the next week or two?” 
“I’ll have to check with my suppliers and see what’s in stock and when they can get it to me. It shouldn’t be a problem.” 
Dad shakes his head and says, “Mason, you’ll never get it furnished in time. We’ll need another plan, I’m afraid.” 
“Angel and I went furniture shopping last week. I have furniture being delivered next week. The house is spacious enough to accommodate any medical equipment she’ll need.” 
“Do you think she’ll stay with you?” Vincent asks. 
Raúl says, “They are damn near inseparable as it is. I have no doubt that she’ll stay.” 
“Good, so Vincent, you’ll check on getting the fence and gate installed?” Dad asks. 
“I’m on it. I will know something tomorrow.” 
We all stand up and George says before we exit the room, “Be cautious of your surroundings and text Frank or myself if you suspect something. No need to upset the girls, until we know more. We’ll be in touch. There’s no telling how far this nut job will go.” 
George, Frank, and I all exchange business cards, and I start to leave. 
“Mason?” my Dad says, reaching out for my arm. “Be careful, he may be stupid enough to come to the hospital.” 
“I will, thank you.” 
I walk back into Angel’s room with a fake smile plastered to my face. Angel is sleeping and the movie is halfway done. I look around the room and the yellow rose that was in the window sill is gone. Angel’s IV is gone from her hand, and in its place is a Band-Aid. 
Mom stands and says, “The surgeon was in and wants to operate on Monday.” 
Today is Thursday. 
“He left his card if you want to speak to him. Angel told him you may have questions for him.” 
Everyone is getting ready to leave, and I ask Dad to stop by my condo and grab me some clean clothes, my laptop and some other things. I write a small list of items I think I’ll need and give it to him. I say my goodbyes and Angel doesn’t stir. I slip into a pair of gym shorts and a tee shirt and turn off the TV and the lights. I look out the window before closing the blinds. I bend down and kiss Angel on her head and whisper in her ear. I pull the chair up to Angel’s bed as close as I can get and rest my head against her torso, while I hold her hand. Something is in the bed with her. I pull the stuffed Monkey from beneath the quilt and smile. She must have been holding it when she fell asleep. “I wuv you,” it says. I’m a dork for buying such a stupid gift. I put the monkey next to her injured arm and place her left hand back in mine. 
Angel
I wake up breathing heavily. My arm, leg and head are killing me. I look around, and Mason isn’t here. The bathroom light is on, so he must be in there. Why am I having nightmares? I can’t remember them, but they feel so real. The hallway door opens, and I think it’s the nurse. It must be time for my pain medication. In the doorway is a silhouette of a man. I blink as I try to focus in on him. He stands there without moving. 
“Mason, is that you?” 
This figure is shorter than Mason. Am I dreaming? My breathing picks up and I can’t breathe. I watch carefully. The figure who steps into the muted light, holding a yellow rose, is Jim. 
Acknowledgements
Writing has always come easy for me. When I finally put pen to paper, or fingers to keyboard, I had no idea the direction this book would take me, or the roller coaster ride I would be on. My characters literally spoke to me day and night. I would write a scene and pretty soon Angel and Mason were sitting in a diner. Where the diner came from, I have no idea. I was shocked by the direction this book traveled. I hope you love Mason Myles and Angel Perez as much as I do. Their story continues in a sequel, Saving Angel. 
I would like to thank my brother, David, for his dedication and hard work. I know this turned into a full-time job for you. Your faith in me is astounding. Without you, this book wouldn’t exist. I can’t list everything you have done and helped me with without missing something. From grammar to publishing and everything in between. It was great having a male perspective on things. Thank you for everything. I truly appreciate everything you have done. I love you. 
To my husband, Rex: Thank you for your support and encouragement to continue. Thank you for believing that I could do this. Your love and support mean everything to me. Please forgive me for my absence from our family and for my many mood swings. I love you, more. 
Desmond, Samantha, and Autumn: Thank you for your help, although you didn’t know you were helping. Thank you for understanding and for fending for yourselves. I promise I will make it up to you. Get ready for the time of your lives in May. I love you. 
Carey, John, Derek Nikki, Chastidy, Rex, Brittany, Amanda, and Katie: Thank you for keeping me grounded and being who you are. Thank you for reminding me what is important every single day. I love you. 
My sister Carla: What can I say? Thank you for your honesty. Thank you for your chats every morning on our way to work and from work. Thank you for sharing with me your views. Your input was always right on. You kept it real, and I am grateful for that. Your endless support means everything to me. I love that I can count on you, day or night. I love you. 
My other sisters, Martha and Rosa: Thank you for loving Mason and Angel as much as I did. Your insight and inspiration will never be forgotten. I love you both. 
My other brothers: George and Frank: Thank you for encouraging me through your ideas, your faith in me, and your kind words. Thank you for making me believe. I love you both. 
A special thank you to, Nimia Bradford, for your Spanish/English translation. Thank you so much for your kindness. 
Cathy, Julie, and Rose: Thank you for your honest and unbiased opinion. I appreciate you and will always treasure our friendships. You all rock, and I am grateful our paths have crossed. 
All my family, friends, internet friends, and coworkers" Thank you all for your support. I hope I didn’t disappoint you. 
My close family and very close friends: You may recognize many names and places in A New Beginning. I had so much fun incorporating family names and some of my favorite places into this book. I switched up some names like Rosie for Rosa and Maria for Martha. You all have definitely helped inspire many of the characters in this book. Thank you. 

